 south hempstead ny tue jan 31st pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 inspired by @jaclynhill easy smokey cat eye tutorial and highlight is of course  champagne pop  
 the much loved mcflys are back in both smoked and blue mirrored lens options and polarized.  at 
 what a view  @ smokey mountains  tn 
 @skooks @burritojustice has he ever smoked pot andor unconstitutionally fired a special prosecutor
 no roll back of lbgtqi rights cool. you can be gay  get married  smoke pot  ensnare muslims  and kill all the niggers you want. maga
 finna just smoke the night away
 holy smokes the new @peteholmes @hbo show looks extremely wonderful and @sarahksilverman is in it yesss 
 well i just met my neighbor and when he found out my name is blaise he instinctively offered me marijuana.. mom and dad strike again.
 life short smoke a port on a port uh  in new york calculatin like a dork
 1. do you smoke
 uploading my burnt smokey eye video 
 blowin smoke 
 scott weeds wife was shot amp killed by a neighbor. at 10  jessica willey has the heartbreaking interview. 
 amp weed 
 womp womp womp  wawawawawomp me tryin to sing ganja white night on the daily
 @megamobux  i dont even smoke i just have the urge
 weed   weed   weed 
 just to smoke
 finna smoke this j and watch netflix
 me trying to sing ganja white night wawomp wawawawawomp womp
 i have weed. 
 baby sleep  now smoke amp netflix
 apricot habenero glazed  cedar plank smoked norwegian salmon. healthy and delicious yes  please 
 its not weed 
 cannabakebox  jan  awesome marijuana facts card  side b.   thank you sultan of turkey from 
 thinks of all the places i stash weed
 @mrabar yeah fool what. smoke a j and watch some netflix. ive learned that if i cant fall asleep i just have to let it happen naturally
 who up with the weed
 gorgeous deep red due to smoke.   as per @fcnmike 
 k now its waaay too early  time to smoke myself back to shleep 
 weed and pork both haram if you smoke weed you would eat pork 
 @heykayadams holy smokes you look outstanding today
 said i was gonna do simple makeup today but here i am one highlight  contour and smokey eye later 
 when your classmates hyu to smoke before class gtgtgt 
 breaking upper darby police discuss arrests of two high school students for bringing gun  marijuana to school. im 
 @triadlocalfirst thank you for the rt the smoked pork sandwich is a favorite from our lunch menu.
 aapl up 5.5  smoke a cigar if have one.   no  im not buying apple over 125. wait for inevitable profit taking.
 upper darby police discuss arrests of two high school students for bringing gun  marijuana to school. im 
 this loaded 9mm and marijuana were found in that black box as a student tried to carry it into upper darby high 
 ima try to convince nolan to smoke a blunt
 @dccheesehead talking backwards is 3.50pint from 57 today at smoke and barrel.
 apple smoked pork loin  @ naples italian restaurant 
 according to arrest report  police found gun and drugs  including weed  pills  heroin and meth  in halls car durin 
 @burn1tv1 your single source for all things cannabis.   music   news   fashion   and 
 holy smokes the headache.  ouch its been awhile.
 nearly one in five hoosiers smokes. this rate is detrimental to our health amp the states economy. healthierindiana
 smokes weed once 
 @qeneraihux is bakers island technically in manchester  thats where i smoked weed for the first time 
 everyone come support your hempfield bowling team seniors tonight at hillview at 315 pm 7 seniors and one heck of a match tonight
 if you enjoy rich full flavor sweet notes and a bold smoke  try our new dusk an amazing smoke  
  about to smoke
 @listentosin it literally looks like the same set ... but @kylekramer says everyone smokes in purple lighting on br 
 attorney general select jeff sessions called the naacp unamerican and said the kkk were okay until he learned they smoked marijuana.
 when these makeup artists do all kinds of crazy dope shit with their eyeshadow and i have trouble doing a simple ass smokey eye 
 life short smoke a port on a port
 me too   for weed 
 its all about the shadow shape  u either have a black eye or a smokey eye. you choose mama
 @adamweinstein cancer for everyone probably something for big pharma  upping prices  weeding out the weak
 lets stay up late and smoke a j
 silvernavy smokey eye it is 
 i followed @jaclynhill how to  easy smokey cat eye makeup tutorial.   it was so easy and i 
 purple weed
 you can smoke by yourself  
 dumb  in a state that allows sales of marijuana. 
 i can smoke to this.  
 on the menu tonight smoked brisket  spiced carrot puree  charred leeks. ubdinner @ underbelly 
 fire is much smaller now  fyi. lots of awful smoke. people not dispersing  despite pd requests.miloyiannopoulos 
 rainee just told me she loves me more than cats and weed
 nahh we can smoke together every once in awhile 
 this is some great smokey smoke 
 @aryehahla oh so its a law not to smoke green interesting
 smokes weed once 
 point of clarification it was a pic of weed not physical marijuana in my possession dont arrest me pls
 @burn1tv1 your single source for all things cannabis.  music   news   fashion   and culture.. 
 selfie of my smokey  that i called 50 shades of grey hahahaha and lips by @doedeere makeup 
 @btmcj oh u must dont smoke
 blowin smoke  j. cole
 i cant smoke weed anymore until i find a better job bcuz im a dad now smoke some for me @taylorgang @wizkhalifa @therealrickyp
 the sweet @livhewson rockin a ysl inspired smokey eye 4 premiere of @netflix santaclaritadiet livhewson 
 bombest weed out here hml
 who cares that he cheated look at all that wasted weed smh 
 life hack smoke copious amount of marijuana
 to smoke or not smoke 
  weed  
 i love nighttime  its so nice and quiet. i can smoke my blunt in peace.
 im really enthused i checked the source of my trader joes natural mountain spring water... and its probably sourced from weed  ca
 finna smoke a blunt
 this blue cheese weed pretty bomb
 oh the sweet sweet taste of marijuana.
 lifes short smoke a port
  what i smoke 
 wack ass weed man annoying me early af
 you was too busy to support me during war but as soon as the smoke clears there you are
 ucberkeleyriot berkeley  these rioters are organized anarchists  not students. they had shields  poles  smoke bom 
 south hempstead ny thu feb 2nd am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 us in our true form  @ smokey mountains 
 multiplemodesofaction dr. bradley shares thoughts on weed management strategies for new herbicidetolerant traits  
 were breaking out the big smoker and serving brisket amp bbq sunday afternoon for the superbowl falcons riseup 
 get your super bowl sunday order in today delicious smoked brisket  pulled pork  spicy jerk 
 can anybody else explain why my eyes have been red for three days  besides landons theory of  you smoke too many js
 were throwing this one back to weed mans founder des rice. tbt throwbackthursday ourfounder 
 smoke more weed 
 i predict subway and the ganja after school today.
 banana boat full of blow  banana clip to cut ya throat  banana dro come take a smoke  banana diamonds yellow stones 
 Tuscaloosa: AL to Ruston: LA
 @billhemmer  garland is an irrelevant ridiculous argument . dems including manchin are blowing smoke
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 state department of health is considering adding chronic pain as a qualifying diagnosis for medical marijuana. 
 tbt smoke signals premiere  washington  dc  98. 
 lifes short  smoke a port on a port. 
 when you try to french inhale and some of the smoke get in your eye 
 about to smoke up
 do you smoke weed  marijuana  cannabis 
 muchos kudos to the most badass babe of all time smokedlacehair for making this happen anyone 
 blowin weed while she blowin me  you gettin blown off
 lets smoke a sweet
 even though we are in the smokey mountains  the mountains sure are blue. 
 @braincandylive can you shoot one smoke ring from the smallest cannon through one made by the biggest 
 me do you smoke her no me 
 i support transgender couples smoking cannabis  watching deadpool at brewvies while concealed carrying.
 craving a sub with hickory smoked turkey breast  lettuce  mustard  light mayo  banana peppers  red onion  provolone cheese  and sub dressing
 should i smoke tonight
 this cookie i smoked is official.
 all i do is smoke
  @ smokey mountains 
 heres some weed 
 so hard for me to do hw at home. i start laundry  or make a 5 course meal  organize my closet  pick weeds outside  ughhh 
 ima smoke  my kids going smoke  my wife going too  and my dog too... woof woof 
 let me throw shade.. mike done got a girl he dont smoke  with us no more fuckus 
 midnight closing time for denver marijuana shops new council proposal floats idea copolitics 
 just posted a video @ vegas cannabis magazine headquarters 
 all the weed. 
 i wonna try that smokey eye amp black matte lip look 
 a juicy bit of pork loin i smoked last week. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and 
 so my plans for the rest of the night....make my burger idgaf how late it is  smoke  eat my burger while netflix amp bhilling w me amp i 
 idaho trout smoked  lavosh  ricotta cream  pepper jelly... so 
 prayin papoose jumps in this shit so drake can smoke that nigga lmfaoooooooooooooo
 life short  smoke port on a port
 here smoke some more
 when you aint smoke in awhile  
 the weed was loud but mayra felt the beats even louder  feeling her self 
 no man  rip smokey  
 kelsey and emmy came to my house to smoke when i was sleeping and we ended up playing with crystals and tarot cards for 2 hours. 
 damn r.i.p smokey 
 who can sell me weed tonight 
 @ssin97 omg i could never smoke with my daughter 
 idk whats worse getting soap in your eye or getting smoke in your eye
 super suck tim cains son... an antifafafafafag... arrested in mn for setting off a smoke bomb in the capitol b 
 @misslizzynj it was. it was from all the wood that they had to burn to keep warm in their homes.the smoke created covered the atmosphere
 black to smokey grey ombre. @ your favorite salon amp microblading 
 south hempstead ny fri mar 10th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 i had a sub from firehouse two hours later weed is amazing 
 @bjp4india @smritiirani @arunjaitley   the termites  must be weeded out  to leave the country.
 frontrunners hosting lees going away party tonight early smoke for 8 racks of ribs. love my bge happyspringbreak 
 about to smoke
 friend who offered to smoke me out can you throw on five 
 clovis nm fri mar 10th am forecast today smoke hi 67 tonight smoke lo 47
 elkins nm fri mar 10th am forecast today smoke hi 77 tonight smoke lo 50
 roswell nm fri mar 10th am forecast today smoke hi 77 tonight smoke lo 50
 who in akron tryna smoke big dope n make music today
 damn smokey 
 early morning smoke 
 case in point right now im utterly surrounded by worthless wetback maricons that smoke methampstank.
 @erikwest idk mayb  life is a blur. back then i used to b cool and smoke w33ds
 correction these maricons smoke meth amp give off stank odors.
 brisket getting ready for a second smoke before we serve it tonight at @smogcitybeer  come 
 smoothie time banana  frozen wild blueberries  goats milk yogurt  orac energy greens  3 scoops nutiva hemp protein  1 cup iced green tea
 holy smoke first robotics competition at @aapioneersports   wsdpanthers @runfardvs 
 whos tryna smoke hml
 cedar smoked veggies for todays soup delicious eatorganic whatveganseat 
 oomf is a damn smoke show 
 someone broke into my jeep and stole my pipe  weed  and some money.. thank goodness they didnt find the beats in the back seat 
   todays special...a 48 hour brined pork loin ...brined in hickory smoke  and blackbe 
 @estaikos32 smokey eye or a bold lip
 friday before spring break swing by for some goodbull amp fridays pitmasters choice slow smoked turkey breast 
 brisket getting ready for a second smoke before we serve it tonight at @smogcitybeer  come 
 menu for friday  march 10th sliced brisket  pulled pork  smoked chicken  chicken street tacos  
 no one was bacon our heart at the ccapbenefit on wednesday these thick  smokey slices of by 
  @ smokey mountains 
 see ya arizonacharlie  your porn stache was rocking and your smokefilled rooms were 
 had jersey mikes and smoke a bizzle on my lunch break. i hate only havin a 30 min lunch break.
 colorado marijuana sales holding steady with 109 million in january 2017 alicia wallace 
 out of the weeds carrot ginger hummus @ threebirdstavern outoftheweeds freshfromflorida morethandressing 
 one of the unsung heroes on the menu. smokedsweetpotato goodness. slow smoked with white oak. 
 rest easy smokey  
 @nopotnoway sen. sessions good people dont smoke marijuana  trumpsavesberdoo sanbernardino reversethecolememo
 wish my friends were here to comfort me and smoke wimme but oh well finna solo
 last nights eye liner.. todays smokey eye  @dubabearr 
 @justjasminexxx i starting growing weed.
 new pr 255 goosed springbreakslit @ smoke the burger joint 
 i just attempted to do another smokey eye makeup experiment w different colors amp i look so awful omg 
 south hempstead ny fri mar 10th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 same  but this is some beautiful ass weed look that  
 @tuckervogt cannabis is the industry to be in just look at @cloudn9nesyrup
 is it jusssst me is it just me... this weed so good girl i shouldnt let you smoooooke for freee  drake voice 
 jason and his guys take a smoke break.    cigars smokebreak weddingday victorycigars 
 do you smoke it or... 
 going through tech at smokey mountains 
 i smoke weed in case i have any family members who wanna throw shade at me 
 sweet brisket dreams  i smoked this one on my @traegergrills with hickory.  i seasoned it with @lanesbbq1 pitmaste 
 up in smoke 
 shrimp and grits with alligator and smoked pork sausage 
 @simonsaid is it salt and vinegar chips  a smoked sausage  and a dutch egg
 @simonsaid is it salt and vinegar chips  a smoked sausage  and a dutch egg
 just look at this snowball finn @ smokey mountains north carolina 
 obsessed with my younique eyeshadow palette. perfect for tonights smokey eye also lashes 
 if i have ever smoked you out thats a lot of you go ahead and cash me 5 bucks thanks yall
 missing a smoke ring.... 
 this satanic ass weed lmaoo omg
 but its only for marijuana
 two 20. a quarter of weed. amp some glitter.  watch out  friday night
 being around pot smokers is a challenging. the smell makes me nauseous amp i am prone to panic attacks when i think about my friends smoking.
 @massroots its obvious the government would rather overdose us with pharmaceuticals than admit theyre wrong about marijuana
 @chrismadden44 qualifing at smokey mountains 
 smokey  3.10.17  live life smokey.
 @tuckercarlson  pp does no mammograns. u smoked her. bravo. 
 .@dhmeyer surprisingly bad service at blue smoke... i kind of feel disrespected... surprised
 racheal maddox good job again racheal weed out the traitors
 s.i.p smokey 
 night one sets smoke detector off from burning rice and campus police show up at my door ndsutrue sb17
 amp smoke
 and dru with that great goth eye makeup. does spike do it for her i love the image of spike perfecting her smokey eye. buffyrewatch
 my mom just offered me a job at her marijuana farm in cali over the summer...dreams do come true.
 when you do someones makeup then they smoke you out 
  what i smoke
 sterling suites was on smoke..im def bout to sue they ass
 trailofpints the reefermen at paddy wacks. out with my girl for  @guinnessus and some great music  detroit style 
 .@unionbrewing wook today  @rarbrew chopdank tomorrow. when will these breweries stop marketing to marijuana enthusiasts    
 stay smokey
 watching some nwa smokey mountain on the highspots network. love that there is a guy named atm. the commentary is bad.
 holy smokes in night sky is beautiful tonight
 found some spanish pocha beans and smoked chorizo at a small specialty store. i was surprised at the creamy textu 
 @burtabreu salt pepper  garlic  onions  rosemary  oregano  bay leaves  cumin  spanish chorizo hard smoked sausage  pocha beans. excellent
 where the weed at
 up in smoke 1978 
 he smokes some shit that is grown on mars. might take you to mars too 
 whos down to smoke with me 
 to smoke or not to smoke
 blues n weed
 bummer for the cats  i think sunday will be a stressful day.....in unrelated news  i met some nice iowastate fans during a smoke break
 i love marijuana  simple as that 
 whats all the banter man smoke op like pot.
 whos down to smoke
 not tired but i have weed at home to look forward too
 police bloomington couple smoked marijuana before dropping baby  causing skull fracture. 
 some some weed 
 where is my weed
 apparently 10pm to 6am is now only 7 hours of sleep. iphone7plus badmath @ smokey mountains 
 .@iaff1552 @danvanderlelie  as we spring forward this weekend  remember to test your smoke detectorsampchange your 
 first stop on the road trip.... smokey mountains its cold af smokeymountains roadtrip @ 
 south hempstead ny sat mar 11th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @violetk87 trying to do hw after we smoke 
 waffle iron cornbread  buttermilk syrup  pecan smoked bacon. brunchspecial brunch southerneats cornbread 
 rollin smoke two @traegergrills deep. @dpshow @danpatrick @english1911 @biga32trojan 
 kentucky rural blog half of state counties producing industrial hemp as farm interest increases  
 so long smokey mountains  
 no funny shit if you wanna smoke the most official sour of ya life straight from rhode island hml cuzzo got it and its some gasss
 aint no way im letting u smoke up my stash without me and you not getting thrown out lmaoo
 ready for the irish smokes and libations our global general has for the lts today @cigardaveshow
 hog judge says not to throw stones but looks like ray charles clipped her with a weed eater
 say hello to our flower show special featuring our gouda  smoked kielbasa from wursthaus 
 watching my favorite team at lunch before the vcu game  @ smokey 
 new video up on  on how to achieve the smokey eyes from 
 bbq brisket tacos  mac and cheese  and bacon wrapped jalepenos lunch @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 the smoked fish tower is stunning and so is the everything bagel from @beautysbagel. excellent 
 might go to my sis house tonight n smoke a 8th to the faceeeeeeeee
 experimental medication for treatment of cannabis use 
 @papaspilar rum now being served @toupsmeatery south.  enjoy a nip and some amazing smoked meats.  followyournola
 @joevargas @cloudn9nesyrup its also surreal cause in early america growing hemp was actively encouraged.
 so smokey but the smell of amazing bbq.  the hickory smell 
 im at sugarfire smoke house  @sugarfirestchuk in saint charles  mo 
 but just smoke
 @apoddities @ap if i had to substitute teach for a living   id smoke weed for breakfast and snort cocaine at lunch.
 checked in automatically with the uber checkin app  at @rallysportsbar  smokehouse 
 at smokey bones in bowling green
 @missangeladavis smoked paprikagarliconionscuminblack peppercorns
 kinda disappoints me how it has become socially acceptable to drink and smoke at such a young age.
  green tea  green weed 
 should i smoke before or after i do my makeup.. 
 lifes short. smoke a port.
 when we smoked zona we shot 1625 on 3s  doubtful that will happen again... but id settle for 1025  
 we left a copious amount of weed pinned to the wall for the owner of the airbnb we stayed in and now were welcome back anytime
 south hempstead ny sat mar 11th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 applewood smoked prime rib.  king amp queen cut. tonight 
 slow blues  the bartender takes a smoke break senryu
 damn these sliders are delish. smokedpulled on premises.lunch amp 
 that smoke 
 looks like smoked pork on the menu for sunday lunch go cats secmbb bbn
 smoke more weed 
  smoke me out  
 @valentinaabbod @me i will literally disown you if you ever try to introduce your man and he smokes it 
 stanford is sunny and green and beautiful and smells like weed
 dan smoked a brisket point on the egg today and made burnt ends. 
 is weed the same as marijuana
 all i do is smoke 
 @kingdj01 you smoked them .
 good thing im picking up. crowded in here @ black dog smoke amp ale house  @blackdogcu in urbana  il 
 @hillshirefarm i love smoked sausage. i do not like kielbasa. can you see a potential problem here 
 mmm @ black dog smoke amp ale house  @blackdogcu in urbana  il 
 and smoke
 where is the class smokey 
 @couchguy33 just smoke a pipe you bozo
 we are springing way ahead tonight  all the way to summer and smoke summer and smoke mezcal  
 i need a smoke and a cup of hennessy and red bull
  weed 
 @gordondemand well done smokey. keep rocking. excellent
 video allegedly shows breidenthal accepting payment for marijuana consulting services while county commissioner. 
 @mariofraioli dude im at the same point. just smoked.
 im shocked that @spiketv airs old episodes of cops. its mostly entrapment and weed arrests.
 holy smokes look @sfuhockey broadcastor @nicktoren the playoff atmosphere is electric and a little norwegian at bi 
 its a kr slumber party with the krgirls4life we also just happen to be having a ganja photoshoot bet you wish y 
 @joetingley smoke and salt almonds
 smoked brisket slices cooked on the arteflame. how do you smoke brisket dutchoven brisket 
 just posted a photo @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 just posted a photo @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 amp my makeup gotta be on fleek tell the mua to give me a natural look w a smokey eye amp a slight glitter affect 30 mins before my funeral
 i do cut creases  glitter looks  smokey eyes  basics  have u looking like a whole different person if you want. give me a holla shorties
 so im watching ginga nagareboshi gin  the series before weed and the subs have a lot of typos and stuff. better than no subs  i guess.
 my great grandma said she smoked some green beans the other day  
 nvr smoke w my pops he will hog the jay 
 just posted a photo @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 not tennessee whiskey  not texas weed  your sweet lovin is all i need..
 our sweet  beautiful childrens comedian @yourboydb sells weed out of a kayak  find him out on the river 
 life short . smoke ice smokeup
 @beesgirl7 wicked weed is the goat
 females nowadays just wear chokers  smoke oregano  and call everyone daddy
 where the weed at 
 rich mtn from sparks lane @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 you smokin weed tonight hiram 
 ledbetter ridge on the left through the sea of thorns.. @ cades cove  great smokey mountains 
 is twiiter slow tonight or is that marijuana cookie starting to hit me..
 @dfinsider holy smokes
 sparks lane ...some brief  @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 apparently smoking is allowed in bars in bucks county. id forgotten what inhaling lungfuls of secondhand smoke felt like.
 i smoke a lot of weed  courtney.  @courtneyjol 
 @andymurray  youve made me smoke after that match 
 @moderntimesbeer the creature times  wow a sour ale with smoked pineapple. yes welcome summer and bbq.
 @fireicepain yeah i bought the season pass on itunes because it was on sale for under 20. tonight i decided to smoke and watch 
 looking for male. to smoke the devils lettuce with me while eating cheese and watching bobs burgers in my bed next to my sweet doge. ok go
 im trying to be on some craig amp smokey shit from friday but with my girl...
 its must not be meant for me to smoke tonight
 @ds1372 i was with my newish wife 18 mos and it scarred her...i didnt smoke for like 8 yrs after that night. havent touched jager since
 this device will supercharge your weed  @tbfinney @dubyapp @xweedposts @xweedtweetsx
 @qkode @doctrwang looks like weed
 @cliffxrdxsivan what you smoke tonight
 daedae had some weak ass weed lmaoo
 whos down to smoke up
 waffles and weed
 im grateful for my beautiful  cuddly  dick weed  gorgeous  loving  asshat  friendly and kind pains in my ass dogs.
 @thegarofaholic all irish... and a smoker too
 south hempstead ny sun mar 12th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @blackrosesxyz weed and @rockstarenergy  @mountaindew   bacon too.
 note to self never have 4 weedritas thenhit a bowl.
 hi my name is gucci mane im addicted to everything fast cars  bad bitches  weed and promethazine
  @ smoke weed 
 @dpdanderson  president of deep ellum neighbors here. we need your help please. rap 4 weeds van has been abandond 
 @dpdanderson  rap 4 weed has been aggressively panhandling passersby as noted on deep ellum community watch page on facebook.
 @ssistermorphine i loved it   brian and anita used a lot of acid. and weed
 no i refuse too do that its cold sunday i got  in my pocket an smoke im gucci talk to u
 no weed
  lets discuss retail cannabis sales in colorado springs join the and let your voice be hear 
 up in smoke  
 finna smoke this 
 establishment gop out blowing smoke up our asses today telling us not to believe our eyes and ears but to believe them 
 pork belly  smoked pork  kale and veggies i die  food foodie newyork pork pig @ the 
 @royalsmagicnum @jasonkander because selling weed is no reason to be shot and killed by overzealous police.
 the great smokey mountains  neverstopexploring nature cbcubed @ 
 the smokey mountains  neverstopexploring mountains cbcubed 
 holy smokes  i turn 21 in 10 days  if someone wants to buy me a 2016 jeep renegade  light blue  that would be great 
 solo smoke sesh to the head on this beautiful sunday morning in eugene bluedream vape distillate sativa 
 i just work  smoke marijuana  and enjoy the fruits of my labor. its really that simple at this point.
 light smokey porter with a tinge of brett.  soft mouth feel.  half pou... little barasway  photo
 roots and weeds smoothie  beets  carrot  strawberries  ginger  
 hello i am here once again to sing the praises of smoked turkey
 sunday s means 5 tallboys and smoked brisket sandwiches  doors open at 4pm tallboys bbq brisket 
 ky triples permitted hemp acres for 2017 onehalf of all kentucky counties now grow hemp  @nathempassoc
 it was a dark point in my life i wasnt letting bitches hit no weed unless they was bein nassy thank god im jehovahs witness now
 short ribs with @meatchurch holycow  going down for a smoke bath on the old trusty 
 smokes weed once 
 bloke on the subway counter thinks hes smokey robinson. hes not. would it be impolite to smack him in the mouth  askingforafriend
 more smoke 
 a mountain of smoked salmon displayed in front of a soothing waterfall is my idea of perfect 
 the implication that the frequency at which you smoke cannabis makes you more of a degenerate
 about to his this weed
 its spectacular sunday  amp we have a smoked brisket sandwich special. tall cans are 5. pints of the @junctioncraft 
 where theres smoke 
 the marine layer is blowing across the road like smoke in point loma. 
 i was gonna do my make up all simple and ended up with a smokey eye 
 south hempstead ny sun mar 12th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 brisket  smoked sausage  garlic mash  coleslaw washed down with a 
 antiqued brass stars amp smokey quartz gemstone beads make up these cute earrings.  
 i  weed 
 smoke weed 
 whats gucci went out smoked blunt of sour had espresso coffee
 from 2011 see pg 6 harm reduction as a tax strategy.  fast forward to 2017 less vape tax  motivation for smokers
 @baezzzj shoutout to the homie  smoke a fatty tonight
 two things are giving me joy right now. being in the smokey mountains for spring break and watching @sirpatstew and ginger fall in love.
 i can barely do smokey eye... 
 epic 24 oz smoked bloody mary with a rib  brisket  and sausage. apparently everything is bigger 
 landon amp micah never been to soflo.took them to miami grill  dutch pot  south beach and smoked broward weedi feel accomplished as a brother
 cream cheese amp jalapeno stuffed deer backstrap wrapped in applewood smoked bacon. 
 ridin blowin weed sippin on tha daily basis
 where theres smoke theres fire. fire on the runway fashion show fashion fashionista 
 @mrntweet2 blowing smoke  out of pieholes. mccain in panic mode.
 im at blue smoke on the road in queens  ny w @drjoelbnu 
 holy smokes look at who dropped in to help us clean out kennels minime batman blessed 
 lifes short  smoke a port on a port
 nearing my smoke point. 
 some of detroit finest bbq. full rack carolina smoked back ribs with pork belly beans and a 
 i met a guy who goes by spud last night and we rode skateboards to the store together for smokes. i like portland.
 hi can anyone point me in the direction if someone that will sell me weed today plz and thx
 steak sunday turned into smoker sunday  hoisin glazed and bbq ribs and citrus ginger roasted 
 @daddyxanz thats all i smoke
 @hausmuva @jamiattenberg the smoked onion rings haunt my dreams
  @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 omg charles spilt my weed 
 awesome squeaky cat or dog toy. made out of hemp. kushstock 
 shakshuka with smoked sausage  
 opioid addiction is a massive crisis created by big pharma. its time to legalize weed 
 i smoke myself out .
 i love the smokey mountains. that is all.
 im off ... where the weed at
 @moderntimesbeer the smoked pineapple sour ale was too good not to grab another pint. wish we could get a growler
 remember when i got inspired by some fire ass weed for my eye shadow 
 with weed 
 @jongyeonji texas style smoked brisket  aldubxdtbysweetlies
 jc smoked j murda lol. this so funny.
 lets smoke a blunt and have deep convos
 thats that winston weed 
 just smoke a port and grab a pbr
 the box im finna be in tonight finna be so mfn smoked out
 daisy it looks like lasagna with weed on it    
 @wheatplanet seasoned w cajun  cumin  salt  lemonpepper amp a dash of smoked paprika. marinade for 24 hours  then pan sear each side 56min.
 makeasongirish im mc popyee thee irsh man   i smoke all thee greens i can mc and cheese is out the question cause of me interception     .
 amp weed 
 taco trucks on every corner  selling booze on sunday  and the legalization of marijuana. we are so out of touch with whats important.
 9  weed. once.
 @brownsfan32 smoke 
 i might smoke some weed tonight how im feeling 
 dont get your feathers ruffled in your wigwam  take a break and smoke your peace pipe. 
 stencil me while i smoke 
 some weed. 
 you had me at do you smoke
  them eyes though imma need to borrow them. amp i heard you smoke weed  so we automatically cool 
 so it looks like an oldfashioned but its actually a smoked old fashioned. a block of cedar is 
 exclusive hemp hemphooray robbery employee was tied port coquitlam bc canada @cqrcmp @iaff1941 @ctvvancouver 
 remember when carbondale stole the lil smokey dance to this amp named it the allen 3  
 @emofucc yes sir smoked a j on a church trip
 @traeedwards yes  thats right  womanpower  its about time 2 get the weedeater out for spring 
 lmaoo i can barely do my smokey eye for comp 
 nuts and seeds  scoop of vanilla protein high quality  stevia sweetened  cinnamon  hemp and 
 @rtcom holy smoke resistance is great when exercising...but  this is ridiculous
 lmfao i remember tete burnt our grandma them floor when she stole them cigarettes and smoked em 
 where there is smoke there is . 
 south hempstead ny mon mar 13th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 and weed. 
 hi my name is gucci mane and im addicted to everything bad bitches  fast cars  weed  and promethazine but not r 
 @icecube the last friday  smokey and craig smoke again make it happen. @christuckerreal give the fans an update.   deebo byefelisha
 had me and babe like damnnnnn in our craig and smokey from friday voice.  @eeclax12 
 @drudgereport holy moly arrest this thug must be too much weed.
 gabe is in the weed state 
 review of basmati rice @amirafoodsus with my recipe for a smoked basmati pilaf with fresh herbs 
 @sewpants @cnn you smoke oregano kid
 up in smoke
 finna smoke this blunt 
 @secretscity my wife and i loved that place. the plate of smoked motz was perfect for happy hour
 want some smokey bones tonight
 adventures in the smokey mountains never disappoints @ great smoky 
 @davidwickman holy crap that looks amazing. so  youve inspired me. im going to try and smoke that cured brisket in my weber.
 the las vegas cannabis cup was cannabisfree. will this set a new precedent  cannabis lasvegas cannabiscup
 all i do is smoke weed 
 @mikefoley that sounds delish i love me some smoked salmon. havent had it in a while. thx mike... off to the store i go now. 
 9 reasons for hemp.    @purduehemp @isdagov @infarmbureau @indianafarmers @hoosierlocavore @agchat @bosepag
 @andrewhudson i love bbq. i use a 5050 @chargriller to smoke brisket  whole chicken  ribs  and bacon wrapped sausage fatties. delicious
 march 25th. smoke signals at insight click the link for details mnbeer mpls mn beer nempls mncraftbeer  
 tis the mysterymeat  smoked salmon paddys slider  celery  green goddess dressing 
 driving through the great smokey mountains of tn listening to @thecadillac3 
 im at two js smokehouse in palmyra  va 
 tryna find some weed out here in san marcos wassam
 weed weed weed 
 imlff if cannabis had a genome  inmed is mapping it. 
 imlff if cannabis had a genome  inmed is mapping it. 
 medication killed my stepdads lover he has cancer due to pills. he converted to weed and is somehow alive 
 more weed 
 fuckkkk smokey point
 check out new cirpreme herbicide copack from @dowagrocasc . controls many weeds including herbicide resistant ones. for wheat and barley
 happy birthday to this smoke show thanks for being a perf big amp hope your day is as awesome as you. cant wait to 
 needa smoke.....solo  gone def make that happen
 @blazedddonut ali looks like she just caught me packing a grav of her weed in a tub with a 40oz in it in her living room in the hood
 prosecutor says jeanine valdes had a blood alcohol level of .17 more than double the legal limit and marijuana in her system at the crash.
 prosecutor in the st louis killing of michael brown on tv trying to tell press that michael brown didnt barter weed with the store owner
 this meatball sub hit the spot. but the 16hr smoked beef brisket is the truth. ate it too fast 
 @reycharlz the weed totally just made your nips pop out. lol
 watching bob burger finna smoke a bleezy
 friday night old fashion smoke out at my place we big chillin blowing big dope pack dm me for details
 and smoke 
 lunch is served yourfavoritescentsygal ilovepotatoes @ jennies smoked burgers 
 just a smoke and netflix type of day
 @atmosphere 3 years thats just plain sad. meanwhile @jeffsessions wants to lock people up for weed priorities for profit. justicereform
 these homemade carnitas tacos satisfy my spicy  sweet  smokey food cravings like no other. i 
 celia from weeds is an aires
 looking like smokey on friday smoking that angel dust .
 what if a bill required companies benefiting from marijuana legalization to donate  of profits to freeing ppl incarcerated on pot charges
 me asf when i did an olive green smokey eye a few months ago 
 the @biggreenegg created a lovely smoked salmon for me and the wife tonight.protein is your friend. 
 i will smoke you
 @thermapen thinking of getting a smoke wireless thermometer for awhile. if i bought one  would you guys need a beta tester for gateway 
 abelincoln2 of my favorite thingsrsitting on my front porch smoking a pipe of sweet hemp ampplaying my hohner harmonica. successfulstoners
 when i was deep into atheism. found my truths through weed 
 off to smoke 
 the hms 7th grade class left this morning to go to the smokey mountains  the class of 2018 went on a day trip to cvnp not salty tho
 lifes short smoke a port on port
 about to smoke
 1.8 mil ma voters legalizing marijuana disrespected by uninformed politicians  somerville 
 this is why i never take my goggles off  even when i smoke. 2ndlevelgoods @ crystal mountain 
 lets stay up late and smoke a j
 im feelin joselines makeup look smokey eye with shimmer and bright pink lip lahhatl
 those summer days drifted away but youll always float back through my mind like smoke.
 weed is so beautiful.  but im not going to elaborate just smoke it and youll feel this 100 
 where is the weed
 tweaking for dis smoked sausage
 try arizonas or smokey bones if you greedy 
 sooooooooo .  no weed
 do you smoke 
 smoke weed 
 @jeremiahstandup what would you say your possible interest level would be in a cannabis inspired musical sir highsical ajcemcee 
 an smoke with me 
 if you see smoke  it is just the fires of engagement kindling at my school . aledchat 
 @colbysmith yes she is with that smokey eye
 rivs arriving just in time for the cannabis cup thankyou
 having driven from san diego to weed  ca i can attest to the fact that the permanent drought predicted by some scientists has ended.
 after i smoke this j 
 and smoke with me  
 more smoke... 
 black smokey eye  here i come 
 i smoke 
 @kaitlinraexo @petess44 holy smokes... am just south of cle until sunday lolol bundle up
 its so simple living in a place where marijuana is legal ..
 1111 weed
 need to smoke and go to waffle house 
 need to smoke and go to waffle house 
 i miss @driich and our cudi smoke sessions 
 who can i smoke out
 definitely my favorite smoke spot of the summer 
 early smoke
 @levivermeulen they stole my weed too lol
 finna smoke... pain 
 high graduation rate in chicago police academy backs doj report alleging officials fail to weed out subpar recruits 
 high graduation rate in chicago police academy backs doj report alleging officials fail to weed out subpar recruits 
 ma ur mcm smokes blueberry swisher sweets n calls them the best blunts
 @airlivenet @britishairways holy smoke hunker down
 today is a great day to smoke blunts amp cafe depresso is closing early woohoo
 smokes weed once 
 south hempstead ny tue mar 14th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 dressing my blunt to smoke elegantly.
 thinking of smokey the bear who used to say  only you can prevent forest fires. inspiration comes from the weirdest sources.
 finna get smoked out on this beautiful tuesday morning
 i get soo high call me smokey the bear
 shimmery purple smokey eye  kinda like my loud  . . . . . . . . . . . . lifestyle makeup 
 smoke some weed . 
 every story on ivanka and fashion is just a smokescreen hiding the trump family evil selfishness antisemitism racis 
 beef taquitos  smoked cheddar cheese  onions  mushrooms  peppers  rice pilaf  red amp green salsas for lunch today 
 smoke reefer 
 @bearmom019 @jasonpollock @robertsmsnbc he has no point. video is edited to make mike brown look look like weed dealer not robber. hes both
 solo smoke sessions are the 
 i smoke woooods like its for my health
 i know obama doesnt smoke reggie this is a lien this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 didnt smoke weed this morning . ended up on the wrong train. lesson learned
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 yall they tryna kill us with this good seasoning   this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 its too early in the morning for us to be speaking about weed
 @yasmeeeenx3 @johnjaysjp @mmoxo @noraax0 @raelalmonte lmaoo i was the tumble weed 
 deena still looks exactly the same. sammy look smoked out with them eyes 
 @snoopdogg can i get your take   this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 @rcb05 that tv probably has a better smoke ring than the brisket in the @eater gif.
 @thebatguy the smoke ring on that brisket is weak. bark looks nice tho
 thats that shake   this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 reason 23 to ask about compensation early weed out the jerk employers. lets feel passionate about saving time amp joy @dhh @feministjourney
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 no need to rub your eyes  smokey bear is  real  and available for adoption at 4242 s 300 w in murray. come meet hi 
 jeff smoker  charles rogers and leveon bell walk into a party...
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 the gov got that trash weed this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 @itsteeeford weeds on netflix
 im losing it omfg  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 and weed 
 they just grabbed grass from a lawnmower and studied it this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 @harryliberman cause that brisket doesnt even look smoked.  no smoke ring and dryer than hell
 take it easy smokey
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 holy smokes so damn good tacos tacotuesday 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 bruh smh i need to send them my plug   this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 go eat at smokey mos once. just once. 
 omg this is oregano    this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 govt marijuana looks like cat nip 
 ms nosy rosie  let me smoke in peace bruh  
 happy taco tuesday 3 mexican beer amp margaritas .50 beef amp smoked chicken tacos  2 pulled pork and brisket ta 
 i just found my brothers stash of weed and he smokes more than me
 government using fake marijuana for research lmao  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 jack herer and blue dream is my studio weed
 bacon glazed with bho for the purposes of recreational weed high
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 ohhhhh   this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 no one can sing  quite like smokey  smokey robinson.
 we all scream for smoked banana ice cream.  @ thesmoke  vaughan 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 @theonlyinvictus @masg5  with red eyes amp kroger sub hanging out of his pocket.  . wha...mom  no  i dont smoke spice  thats vallejo .
 for those who want weed legalized  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 omg 3.5 zoning hearing board mtg  but passed a variance for our 1st med marijuana dispensary erieleadingthewayinpa chairwoman werk
 i should have just smoked the damn brisket. snowmadeggon2017
  hematite and smokey quartz 
 citing organized crime  colorado house oks efforts to limit marijuana grows 
 tonight city council is holding a special meeting discussing marijuana regulations stream it live starting at 6pm 
 there is no certainty  there is only adventure. @ great smokey 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 south hempstead ny tue mar 14th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 this pretty smokey crystal has a whole world inside  smokey quartz crystals are said to give 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 everyone smokes weed now i luuuuv it
 corpus where the weed at
 the road  roadtrip smokeymountains tennessee natureporn @ smokey mountains 
 chief spreadingbull needs to smoke the peace pipe. 
 usa will turn into a pothead nation. this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 thank you twitter news.  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 @janelababy holy smokes please dont die is amazing.  
 or weed  
 @themrbsshow @potatopunches71 @midnightsmoke1  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 theres no weed 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 enjoy yo life its to short smoke some weed to  enhance it
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 @kimrichards11 loved your purple smokevape pen congrats. being a grandma  u
 legalizitallfuckinready this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 stop by @north45pub thursdays for free beer tastings w brew hog  4 pints  smoked ribs amp more gt 
 im over here going crazy looking for my weed and its in my makeup bag haha
 @metrolosangeles ya and the green in  green line is weed   weed the official fragrance of the green line
 @joffrethegiant a pipe has a smaller and more rigid stem  allowing optimum smoke flow while the hands are occupied. 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 smoke weed 
 slicing smoked pastrami... it was even more delicious than it looks 
 we will be serving our amazing smoked corned beef on friday for st. patricks day 
 bbq short ribs. also on our table tonight egg curry  smoked turkey chili  ghee rice  chapatis 
 no weed 
 wish i could wear a smokey eye everyday  smokeyeye makeup mua youtube lashes eyeshadow makeupartist 
 i would run for the hills  but im way to lazy for that  @ cades cove  great smokey 
 they should have had two back to back rookie eliminations to weed out some of the awful and annoying. challengeinvasion
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 rolling up some new westerncultured bud from ganjagoddesssea kracken black pepper has a skunky 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 let u smoke that short for awhile
 im not done at hempfield yet. say hello to hempfield musicals newest member of the makeup team 
 bitch ew  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 the news follows police arrests of highprofile marijuana advocates. 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 this is how burgers are suppose to look like.  bigsmokeburgers @ big smoke burger 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 ya smoke everyday i cut that habit out smoke every blue moon too enjoy my high
 stole all of his weed and his dro
 government out here sellin use literal weeds 
 llb campus all clear. individuals with acute sensitivity to latent smoke might wish to consult with their supervisors or coordinators
 when i had my wisdom teeth taken out my anesthetic self tried to convince my mom i smoked weed and she told me i wa 
 ....burnt smoked sausage...
 @jason @trengriffin the bbq joint  smoked  bowl amp brisket  pot belly pork being the primary focus of that one
 down to smoke 
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 i smoke by the o
 @lelyyheartss at lee do a spongebob themed smokey eye
 when smokey robs deebo. the perfect metaphor for life. friday
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 @verysoftlake weed  murdering the bourgeoisie
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 whoever scoops me today to get zaxbys ill pay for your meal and smoke a joint with you
 @swaggedouttaco weed isnt man made its rooted from the earth.
 thats awesome @salenazito did he smoke in dugout 
 beef smokies being hung in the smokehouse for a 6 hour slow hickory smoke. smokies smokehouse butchershop 
 culling out the weed precognitive  haiku senryu
 early morning weed smoke 
 this smoked sausage is amazing  
 south hempstead ny wed mar 15th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 amp smoke. 
 @finishline @ravieb holy smokes  thats a serious sneaker there
 its so annoying that d cant smoke with me
 aussie john hempton beat wall street royalty including bill ackman on valeant 
 who is this fort worth police man broke into ridglea north area home march 7  stole mower  weed eater  
 lesson learned today dont smoke a blunt while on the toilet  youll drop it  burn yourself and itll almost fall in.
 sessions in prepared remarks today also calls marijuana a lifewrecking dependency...thats only slightly less awful than heroin.
 finna smoke this extendooooo 
 @crazybatmanfan lets be friends  dress up like batman amp robin smoke bowls of m.a.r.i.j.u.a.n.a.  get crazil 
 10 hour smoked brisket  home picklesthai chilies  cauliflower  baby red potatoes  cippiolini 
 no weed 
 new term broqueens. bros... but with a smokey eye.
 finna smokeeeeee 
 mane hell nahh  everybody in this mf smoke squares  
 smokes weed once  have you heard comfortably numb by pink floyd its dope
 lunch @ smokey ds bbq in des moines  ia  
 @snoopdogg snoop u can now make a video of bho in a chckn suit amp pretend to shoot him. then we can call it even. lay off th weed u look old
 all house made or local pastrami  applewood smoked venison sausage  candies mustard seed 
 tonight lexington ky at @wlkbbq . looking forward to being back and to tasting some smokey  
 this is a great morning smoke. this pdr capa natural made alligator 
 when life sucks  you smoke a bowl and sing your heart out to @counterparts905
 beautiful petal shaped smokey quartz earrings.  handcarved stones.  these will give you lots of 
 100 false. the smoke ring on that brisket is absolutely pathetic. this looks like dickeys bland brisket. 
 lunch at smokeys bbq in wellsville today yummm 
 leaving the mountains  legal weed  beautiful weather  and my little sister today 
 the sweet tea dream team is all up in here lunch time @ coachs smoke 
 join me tonight at sweet ps on w. jackson ave. for a smoked trout dinner for 15 with 5 per meal going to the leu 
 i am digging this big smoke burger from @bigsmokeburger super juicy and messy burger 
 climb every mountain... until... you... find... your... weed nun checks the same drawer again
 ap  montana lawmakers consider sales tax on medicinal marijuana  bdcnews
 my smokey is getting so big  smokey frenchie frenchbulldog 
 my smokey is getting so big  smokey frenchie frenchbulldog cutie sweetheart...  
 and smoke 
 hm looks like it might give u a headache   this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 must tryrittersport thesmokehaus @ the smoke hause 
 another stellar smoke out for lunch littlemissbbq  thank you scott 
 south hempstead ny wed mar 15th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 the weed capitol of the states 
 @potus its a time in history to take a serious government look at marijuana.  forward thinkers would review medica 
 ah yes  2pm  time to light up some marijuana
 im in san marcos. link up amp lets blow big smoke
 just want to hike waterfalls and smoke dope all summer
 one time  after one of my marijuana binges  i woke up on the couch covered in doritos crumbs. my life was destroyed.
 adventures continue with a stop at bradleys country store for some smoked sausage and soda. 
 i love being surrounded by such intelligent folks. todays sxsw panel on cannabis journalism was 
 gsmnp cadescovetn springbreak2017 @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 cnn msnbc foxnews tn oh as gop potus regime complicity of treason conspiracy emerges wh tries smoke to deflect @senmajldr @senategop
 grit is the heartbeat of education katie weed
 makeup 90s inspired brown toned lip and bronze smokey eyes  @maccosmetics eyeshadows  
 bon secour shrimp grilled over binchotan charcoal for shrimp and grits  almost zero smoke and 
 smoke weed and eat beans
 where theres smoke ...... 
 course one island creek oysters  country ham dashi  smoked apples  torn cornbread  whipped pig 
 @channel2kwgn hes coming after the weed business  especially since its mostly in blue states. bastard.
 just posted a photo @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national 
 how do you smoke that 
 firefighters investigating smoke in @stbonaventure librarys basement. 
 and weed 
 @jongyeonji medley pick a bale of cotton on top of old smokey midnight special  aldub20thmonthsary
 shop owner comes up and says you guys looking for a marijuana pipe   i was deceased
 @tweetbrettmac you cant overdose on marijuana period.
 they call me mr. smokealottakush
 @gwaldenwftv @rmccraniewftv @bshieldswftv @tterrywftv @wftvweather @wftv smoke over the indian river in port stjohn 
 forgotten weed stash donated to goodwill 
 ap  montana lawmakers consider sales tax on medicinal marijuana  bdcnews
 us picks up alcohol  rillos  and weed all in one trip me were being so productive lo its all drugs..
  tickets are now on sale for weedeater whorsefleshampuktena @ @themothlight sunday may 7 @weedmetal  @natehallmusic
 @mackenzie1116 but im not a beach person. i rather stay in a cabin in the smokey mountains or something like that
 @sarahksilverman yet he does nothing meth users hes backing big pharma 4 profit against hempshame on us for electing a sociopath 
 @cnn   of course he will.  the official govt line is that opiates are slightly worse than weed.  
 that smoke  
 guess im not getting no weed tonight
 hickory smoked pork belly. as good as it smells  it tastes just as good. unfortunately for me  i 
 i remember keylexis stole treytrey weed  she kushed the whole hood out
 not sure whats worst  getting shampoo in my eye or smoke in my eye 
 forgotten stash of marijuana donated to goodwill  
 @susfriend wait ive done this with raspberry jelly and i dont smoke weed
 i wish i could smoke a joint with bruce lee and j lo
 @boutten smoke some weed.
 summer shredding starts monday. 2 months without weed fuckkkk.
 hog day at greatthyme today smoked chorizo  jagerwurst and andouille on deck  cochonita pibil 
 we smoke the peace pipe. then  war. wesywed
 before and after i smoke  
 me and @3oox6oo having threesome rolling up the weed crumbs
 why this nigga look like smokey from the pjs 
 @michellcclark y the right one look like smokey from the pjs 
 where the smoke at
 the police  broke up the damn smoke session mane
 its officially show day dont forget to come out and support smokey joes cafe   thursday 
 i also love a good smokey eye life eyeshadow eyes makeup
 this aint no mid in this blunt. i smoke that cookie for lunch double cup purple fuck up my guts got racks in my hood so i do what i want
 netflix and smoke
 finna smoked a blunt finna smoked another
 makeup forever smokey mascara 
 yeah....no...not even slicing it right  no smoke rings  and looks dry af. stick to pizza  new york. 
 what did he smoke before this 
 now that ive drank a 22oz amp a half of brew  made a beat  recorded vocals amp smoked a j of blue dream its zzzzzzzz time. 
 @veronicasaahxo thats what my friend just said but it doesnt have the silver smokey eye color
 i need polaroid pics w my smokey 
 im a smoker yous a choker
 the smell of weed is unbearable omg 
 county considers marijuana dispensary ban as moratorium expires 
 early morning smokesession
 its 420 smoking weed and watching amine
 i just smoke up 
 f150 llumar metalized atr 15 tint front doors to match factory smoked rear windows.  60 with tax. lifetime natio 
 south hempstead ny thu mar 16th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
  e. ky. is beautiful  and it needs to be turned into a tourist destination like the smokey mountains.
 a family member with parkinsons is trying marijuana today to curb symptoms. hopeful thursdaythoughts
 @mariabartiromo @morningsmaria @foxbusiness @dagenmcdowell @arthurbrooks some info on pharmaceutical cannabis stocks procons
 uvas smoke mizzell unofficially ran a 4.49 40yard dash. more tonight on @newsplex 
 forgotten weed stash donated to goodwill 
 adlai  a young farmer and ffa member  is testifying in support of industrial hemp amp sustainableagriculture. @ilstewards @ilfarmersunion
 adlai  a young farmer amp ffa member  testified in support of industrial hemp. here he is with supporter sen 
 @tortillaenjoyer trying to accept my weirdness divergence is more badass sounding tho and weed and art and music are good for this
 isaac hempstead wright bran does a fashion spread for gq style  and discusses the end of gameofthrones. 
 who has a deep desire to smoke out @hoephase and i today 
 never buy weed from a guy named mortimer
 drunk or smoke tonight 
 .@outnumberedfnc  omg fox cult gop predicting a terrorist attack if trump doesnt get his muslimban  holay smokes
 tomorrow @frabonismonona. garrys pastramistyle brisket  smoked amp served hot on rye bread with swiss cheese  musta 
 the weed beat the xos 
 @foodiefiction phat burger with smoked provolone amp candied sriracha bacon foodiefiction 
 im so thrown my mom wildn these days@she smokin weed in the living room ......
 gold shimmer smokey eye using @urbandecay and @morphebrushes with @gerardcosmetics slay all day 
 i have weed 
 new namebrand denim shorts have just arrived by jordancraig  smokerise  mx jean shorts and so 
 amp when you smoke  
 @doublechinner @kevinmkruse @adamhsays i urge you to go to lockhearts smokehouse in dallas  and youll change your mind.
 where the weed at
 whats for lunch @ weeds salon 
 this is amazing for people who smoke  drink lots of coffee and red wine it removes stains without peroxides  pm m 
 when you have a sweet but no weed 
 no more weed 
 uh smokey eye or glitter eye today 
 the government used weed that looks like parsley and oregano to do scientific research about the effects of cannabis  sol
 @winddancerr smokey was witnessed being thrown from a car. dahlia was not microchipped and clearly had not eaten in a very long time.
 is mulvaney going to smoke that clover in his suit breast pocket after the news conference is over ah new kind of pot
 a smoked turkey leg  rib tips  beans amp greens 
 my weed is arriving in sealed medical packages now awesome lol
 to smoke 
 weird  is the phrase drug attic not a typo in states that have legalized weed typos lexicon @byagoda
 in choir class  @savvthatnigga was really smokey  @jujuthomps was craig and i was debo
 easy guyanese dinner tonight. bakes amp smoked herring. so i can procrastinate  enjoy my brew  amp kodi.
 its 5 pm i havent done anything today but smoke i love it
 orlando fl thu mar 16th pm forecast tonight smoke lo 41 friday sunny hi 71
 winter park fl thu mar 16th pm forecast tonight smoke lo 41 friday sunny hi 71
 since tomorrow is st. patricks day  here is a simple green smokey eye makeup tutorial  
 south hempstead ny thu mar 16th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @theryanlindsay @meatings awesome i may continue my hunt for a smoked meat today  and maybe we will check out your options this weekend 
 tonight on the blaze @5pm legalization of cannabis in the state of texas. @ glenn beck studios 
 tbt to this brisket i smoked on the langbbqsmokers came out with a mean ring chinsbbq 
 blunts rolled weather beautiful police dont trip about weed cause its legal in washington feelinblessed...
 on special tonight and tomorrow hamachi crudo  smoked tomatillo  mayo  green apple  kohlrabi. 
 we slept until 4pm smh now we finna smoke and im gone i65 south bound 
 blowin more smoke than a train amp that red be keepin me sain
 all night smoke brisket primogrillsandsmokers meatchurch 
 all night smokehardcorecarnivore meatchurch 
 its our last day so we finna super smoke  
 if @lawrenceduncan calls himself smookkyyy one more time immma have to smoke his ass
 whiskey barrel smoked colorado lamb served up by @highlandtandb tonight for a great cause 
 come get some 16 hour smoked brisket @modacenter @levyrestaurants  @ericchurch is in the house @chefkirkkelly 
 @wolfmanzack415 @larsthewanderer little surprised this .gif isnt an advert for topical cannabis solutions.
 icymi purdue @ryancline13 from carmel finds redemption after starting season suspended for marijuana arrest. 
 @clearwaymn @smokefreegenmn the fda regs will destroy vapor industry and take away an option to help smokers quit. so embarrassed u rep mn
 @vapornaught @clearwaymn why work towards harm reduction their job security needs smokers to keep smoking. tobaccofree is a game to them.
 awhhh your girlfriend gets to watch you get smoked on saturday  @nkillough11 gfd 
 get smokey pull up tonight to kapture 
 im off a bean  im off of weed  im off of molly
 me dont forget to wear green  stoner green you wanna smoke some green or make some green homie 
 the guys i know only get passionate about legalizing marijuana and hallucinogens 
 @pendejita nvm my neighbors did it for me and smoked me out 
 welcome to sv where we punch special needs kids  smoke pot  break vending machines  and you get lunch detention
 niggas show off a bit of weed and a 5th of henny in a music video and think their doing something. 
 damn iowa state can shoot and defend holy smokes what a blocked shot
 finna smoke this backwood
 i got weed  pet several cats  and took a nap today so all in all 910 wouldve been a perfect score but i didnt adopt a cat
 hung out with these sweet girls at smokey mountain tops tonight smokeymountaintops 
 healthy culinary art cabot extra sharp cheddar  eckrich smoked sausage  red potatoes with salt 
 i guess its slow to smoke weed tonight
 thanks to the girls whole.nectar.smoothie.juice they brought on hemp protein which is awesome 
 live in the living room tonight @ 10pm we got smokey amp aretha on tap @sangtrice amp 
 @cpod @theweek you cant really overdose on weed.
 me when i smoke weed. 
 where the weed at
 you smoke
 does your cat smoke weed 
 then weed 
 seanspicer who was louder...sean or his cannabis green tie
 what are you doing after you smoke this..... 
 is that a weed 
 finna smoke
 just smokeddd with theee @geotheorymusic 
 i have 99 marijuanas
 who in fucking south padre has fucking weed please hello @southpadre2017 @umesouthpadre
 up about to smoke
 apple cheddar sandwich apples  smoked almond pesto  red onion confit  arugula   white cheddar  
 woke up out the slumber just to smoke big dope
 who else read it in smokey voice 
 i love weed omg
 i should just smoke myself to sleep at this point
 we only had an algebra teacher who smoked pot w his ap students after exams. boring whatilearnedtoday @docthompsonshow
 south hempstead ny fri mar 17th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @themissesmae @nerdynikphoenix its a light smoke
 weeducateyoudecide  study cbddominant cannabis extracts reduce seizure frequency 
 thanks again to dr. hari of @froedtert  see the story pg. 22  as smokey fights multiple mye 
  happy st. patricks day eat green  drink green amp smoke green 
 be sure to stop by @alfalfasmarket today friday 317 3pm6pm to try our delicious hemp burger bites amp hemp chili 
 @adamcdesrosiers @lollardfish so in the mn weeds we have split gop leg amp dem gov dayton wants continue same  want..
 prime strip loin with smoked palo santo  burnt orange  parsnip. @cafeartscience kendallsquare 
 not wearing green but i smoke green
 boynton beach tonight  come enjoy your famous backyard bbq  we have smoked beef brisket  pulled pork  with ribs amp c 
 alyanna and alora are growing like weeds.
 what are you doing after you smoke this 
 will it ever be publicly acceptable to smoke on 420 as much as it is highly encouraged to get belligerently drunk on st. pattys
 st.patricks drink special of the day at lil brown smoke shack dublin ditty  vanilla amp irish cream mocha with choco 
  just tapped our irish red ale  come grab a pint and some smoked corn beef and cabbage drinklocal 
 so what to do when youre in pain. mask it with bbq. @ smokey mos in leander  tx  
 yo my eyes are trippin  i look up and my eyes see foggy and smoke and im trippin tf out rn
 i found the saddest weed stash in the world in front of the gallery yesterday  charlie brown christmas tree of weed. 
 smokes weed once 
 but i wanted to try a smokey blue. 
 i must smoke the green  in honor of st patricks day.
 this was the greenest smoke i could find today in my stash...@asylumcigar 13 ogre 50.  the good news is its deli 
 and weed
 happy saint pattis day. eat your greens  smoke you greens  and wear your green.  @kylazorhayda 
 happysaintpatricksday from beaver creek  the smoked brisket was 
 excellent. slightly smokey  chocolately with a slight bitterness... stone xocoveza 2016  photo
 as in weed or 
 @derrickpwallace @amberjoyner thats on the agenda for tomorrow did green man and wicked weed last night and sierra nevada today
 id rather smoke green then drink the green
 the smokey cow and holy chuck fries. great lunch at @holychuckburger 
 @cosmicamericana sure miss my weedeaterpoweredbicycle.. had th athourity of a very pissed bumble bee...
 just chilling friday @ hempstead  new york town 
 everythang stank we dont smoke no cheap weed
 makeup and smoke breaks 
 2017 oski award winner for best local radio show  every thursday  friday and saturday catch smokenreason with kas 
 south hempstead ny fri mar 17th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 closeup look at the smokey caramel bacon popcorn @baconbrospub @ bacon brothers public house  
 @skepticnikki smoking weed ... omg shoot him ...
 the industry  after all  was an early supporter of disruption  having created the smoke break.  
 nice smoke ring in the ribs @baconbrospub @ bacon brothers public house  texas 
 @jadecat yes  hemp is green. just like me. 
 when you havent smoked in awhile and your friend has pocololo 
 green like american money  sweet like tennessee honey. @ smokey 
 justsayn you can overdose on water and sunshine  so why do people think marijuana is exempt from this chemical law justsayn.
 i needa smoke my green so i can participate today 
  frida..   im smoked. course today was fun. learned some new tricks. met some great new 
 i have such an urge to smoke
 my neighbor  a hoarder  acquired this smoker.. the smoke comes out of one of its horns. 
 our st. patricks day contribution ale polenta cake  scallops wrapped in hickory smoked bacon  
 ross just had a seizure at the super bowl  woke up in the third quarter looking for the smoke 
 everyone should be exposed to beautiful weather  good weed and beautiful ppl every day... you deserve it.
 my bit of green today tacoma @ smokey joes cigar lounge and sports bar 
 america has a marijuana epidemic where dealers get harsher sentences than rapists. the solution is simple legalize 
 holy smoke batman  
 and smoke  
 forget a green beer. i smoke green weed everyday.
 watching an oldie but goodie  smokey amp the bandit 1977 
 amp weed 
 im gonna do a cute green smokey eye for tonight 
 friends rental car today stank of smoke 
 is that a weed 
 @valleyninja can we smoke up or nah
 i smoke so much bro my eyes naturally
 only smoke green sweets on the day of st paddys.
 in other news  theres speculation that legarrette blount is too old to attend fan proms  amp has a weed arrest on hi 
 when smoke  the style guide approves.  @ clemson  south carolina 
 kass said earlier im super intelligent when im not high 2 hours later after we smoke..she says its 10010pm   @cjjohns21 @kassidyshay
 please notethe cooking with cannabis class has been moved to sunday the 19th from 2 to 4pm. meetatmagnoliayouoak 
  up in smoke 
 special thanks to enrique seijas for being on smoke night live. super interesting guy with a lot of great insight.
 might be the only person at @kellysroastbeef that has not smoked pot tonight saugus toughloss
 im da goat  i just smoked 5 blunts for free
 just posted a photo @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 tempura shrimp taco and smoked brisket taco.  food @ fusion taco 
 i hit the gin the we smoke
 i hit the gin then we smoke
 take couple hitz of the blunt then pass it  smoke so much green kniccaz call me stpatrick  stpatricksday @frayserboy
 i just smoked a port 
 lavender weed  knob creek and magic mike marathon
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 when its nice enough to smoke outside in my pum pum shorts gtgtgtgt 
 group of friends gathering saturday for ncaatournament  host is making pie and his smoker is full  hes out @jimmykimmel sweet
 no corned beef amp cabbage here simulated one of my favorite irish meals smoked salmon  brown 
 real smoke this loud with my cat for clarity hours
 @jenniffer1k you smoke 
 @firelordmaddie is that a weed
 omg weed smells amazing washingtonwildchild
 drinking  the big smoke wserrano peppers by @monkeypawbrew @ carnaval ensenada 2017  
 bean is smoked 
 big smoke on friday 
 boutta smoke me a j
 the mountain of sinai was entirely wrapped in smoke  because the lord had descended on it in the form of fire. like smoke from a furnace
 i cant even do a smokey eye wtf 
 me and @juniorroome just offered to smoke our friends up at a @dennysdiner 
 the tabernacle corona and jameson irish whiskey during the very early morning. i smoked a green 
 i just smoked a cigarette down in less than a minute this job is awful this night is awful this weekend is awful
 allyourfault. @ smokey mountains 
 allyourfault. @ smokey mountains 
 smokiin marijuana louder than a gun clap
 south hempstead ny sat mar 18th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 not the same as marijuana 
 just listen to dolly parton album blue smoke.
 bummer. had to have saturday breakfast indoors. must be an everglades fire. the wet smoke smell is miserable in my gardens this morning.
 not at the beach hoein this spring break. im up in the mountains blowing smoke
 looove early morning smoke sessions
 sat nights make up is definitely todays smokey eye....
 ron smoked brisket 12 hours later. 
 plymouth police made one arrest yesterday afternoon and seized 232.23 pounds of marijuana and 22 849 in cash from 
 awesome food make a trip..you will be wowed smoked salmon  churassco  stuffed pepper with 
 @jessicaesquire our premeds were mostly weeded out by notoriously difficult gen chem
 fish tea soup  yardie vegan style cooking ganjarootchef ganjarootsandhealth healing metro 
 neutral smokey eye  for booking text 3369886039  makeup smokeyeye eyeshadow eyebrows 
 there is a big difference between possession of green leafy marijuana and marijuana concentrate in pinellas county 
 fish tea soup  yardie vegan style cooking ganjarootchef @marcustrains healing metro detroit one 
 eesh. thats a lot of weeds. busy day on the farm today. heck. im 
 fixin to smoke now 
 a moveable feast at the kingston home show. come on down to @krockcentre for some smoked brisket amp cheddar sliders 
 contemporary art amp weed
 breaking news @dehrmeat dehr smokes deer in car deer on deer violence continues in western new york.
 no weed. no ports.
 figured it out weightofthesewings is great in a smokey bar  drink in hand  but even better laying out in the sunshine @mirandalambert
 have you tried this highquality smoked brisket taco we start with a 14 lb of smoked brisket 
 need a saturday afternoon special visit getfreshtoast for this simple homemade cannabis spiked 
 @jakobdavid420 my weed is chronic 
 yummy smoked salmon bagel   filmborn filmpalette portraitmode fujifilmpro800z foodie 
 nickie can you do my makeup like something simple its just mill fest gives her a smokey eye
 going out  getting weed and watching movies tonight 
 @shanemaynard50 mike brey looks like a sleazy used car salesman but has a young smoke show for a secretary @goldandbluezone
 sonny d the goat is in nyc tonight at the knockdown room. 9pm. come get this smokeeeee 
 im thinking a smokey eye today
 sticking to weed 
 proud of myself for attempting a smokey eye look with a pink crease 
 excellent session on medical marijuana in the elderly thanks @carilevy @sperksgillespie @shcmedpartners paltc17 
 first brisket ribs off the new smoker. bruh texasbbq slowandlow  brisket ribs @ cowburners 
 shout to my bro @towndust for the @drbronners hemp green tea purecastille soap.
 come smoke with @shortyrossi tonight at @vatocigars in @binionslv at 6pm. 
 im at smokey ds bbq in des moines  ia 
 never too early for a smoked porter firestone @ firestone walker 
 ryans matiss kulackovskis posted 20 points  including 3 treys  vs. hempfield. he added 4 boards  an assist and ste 
 smokin weed sippin drank
 always jeepin @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 @bromike8944 @billbubbabussey @dreamlandbbq slab of ribs  bbq beans  smoked sausage to start followed by banana pudding.
 but wifey was there to help out when needed. holding smoke bomb lighters beverage for him during trip. @atlutd 
 and weed  
 finna chill amp smoke dis  today 
 classic blend gordo. great weekend smoke  alecbradley cigar cigarsmoker weekend saturday @ 
 this guy haunts my dreams. in his 80s  hearing aid  coming off hip surgery  smoked me like kindling soaked in kero 
 all i want is to smoke a bowl with @jeffreestar and have him slay my makeup 
 pulled pork.  9.5 pounds cooked in the smoker then spent a few hours in the pot.  pork smokin nomnomnom 
 greens with smoked turkey chefart tonight @ artis ts 
 this is how i saturday got some ribs and brisket in the smoker  and a few beverages in the snow welcometocanada 
 what you doing after you smoke this 
 tonights dinner is stuffed pork tenderloin with orange  hazelnut and double smoked bacon  served with mashed potatoes amp a veg medley  17.99
 peachy smokey eye  three dots under my lower lash line  overly extended cat eye  hearts all over
 south hempstead ny sat mar 18th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 kudos to all backwood smokers that lips aint purple by now lol
 you gotta let brandon smoke you some brisket at @chatterbox423 bbq   
 toxicsucking industrial hemp might clean up contamination httpst.co895ky3ew5t  cannabiscup hemp 
 po boy tacos and smoked trout mac.  yum.  detroit @ huron room 
 scoop and lets smoke this backwood
 ski mask lifes short smoke a port on a port meon a port 
 sour  sour  funky blueberries. almost smokey.  drinking a blueberries in the flesh at @alewifebaltimor   photo
 how much cock have u smoked today
 and for dinner some german sausage with a smokey bbq sauce to dip in. piece of cornbread  some 
 freee smoke 
 i am weed 
 lmao rip smokey 
 yesssssssssssssss omg summer smoke sessions period 
 when all you have to do is throw that cornbread in the collards... @ mables smokehouse 
 where the weed
 n.y. medical marijuana company to roll out home delivery service  ny daily news 
 @traegergrills loving my new mansize traeger spatula  brisket going on for a 13 hour smoke... 
 im at 4 rivers smokehouse in coral springs  fl w @jedihercules  
 pancetta this is pork belly thats been preserved with salt. unlike bacon  its not smoked as 
 this album finna be a weed tray by the summer
 this man @drake is a goat morelife is some smoke
 im at black dog smoke amp ale house  @blackdogcu in urbana  il 
 its so beautiful here in the great smokey mountains 
 neck is life... thank you yourdekalbfarmersmarket for the amazing inhouse smoked turkey necks. 
 the thermoworks smoke helps me make the best smoked chickens. thanks  @thermapen 
 nigga craig and smokey was loookin for 200 whole time smokey had a 100 in his pocket already 
 @braincandylive @donttrythis will you do a one day build on @testedcom of the smoke machine braincandylive science melbourne spacecoast
 lmao my fams talkin bout how humboldt is hella weed friendly n said lo bueno que tu no fumas mija as sigue hahahah

 hotdiggitydog smokeyjoes  advertising creepygofer charlotte northcarolina @ smokey joes 
 when craig swung on debo  smokey was pose to follow through 
 beautiful smoke ring on my home brined organic brisket.  @altonbrown @robmarcoff @traegergrills  yummy 
 my uncle paulmillerprintint smoked a brisket for my dads birthday and cousin christopher 
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 smoke weed 
 i accidentally inhaled a lot of smoke from the sparklers tonight and i feel like im dying.
 @thabitianyabwil me and @pastoremase looking like craig and smokey on thefrontporch.  friday
 krazynice cajun coconut shrimp 3 cheese mac amp cheese cheddar  smoked gouda amp asiago  5 chefn on the popup 
 krazynice cajun coconut shrimp 3 cheese mac amp cheese cheddar  smoked gouda amp asiago  5 chefn on the popup 
 i think i heard craig and smokey say daaaamn in the background 
 if i exercised as much as i smoked id a rockin bod
 blood amp weed amp this beat get my eye moist.
 do weed
 holy smokes my man in the pink shoes. bet still on. marchmadness ncaatournament
 @writelikeryan thank you. its like a cloud of thoughts that needs to be weeded through and organized.
 ludacris i gotta big weed stash  pocket full of cash  just seen a big ol ass its saturday    me stickyickyickyic 
 thanks @chefnatebochler for the idea. drying out sugar cane shavings to smoke short rib with. 
 smoke weed 
 @raymennnn reefer party tonight 
 i should have accepted the jar of weed that gary j offered on election night. @govgaryjohnson  @nickgillespie 
 literally the only thing bringing me out of the unemployment blues is marijuana and gbbs im a simple girl with simple needs
 forgotten weed stash donated to goodwill. 
 the green smoke smells like pot tonight. section 208
 @yuupimkaay smoke
 happy st sassys day belated @ smokey ds bbq 
 this is the way to end a day.. firing up our webergrills weber smokey mountains and cooking up a 
 for something entirely unrelated  marijuana possession  that these video tapes were found. chuckberry is being honored today for his 3
 so what we smoke weed
 amp weed 
 waffles  wine and weed.
 ohhhhh she a smoker 
 this 13lb brisket basically fits in my 30 smoker. bbq smoker beef brisket @ fontana  
 this is why i only smoke weed
 @calebchumley just brake checked the shit out me i smoked my forehead dope
 getting smoke in your eye is the worst feelin
 man under the influence a understatement. and all i see is weed smoke and titties bouncing. beautiful sight nevertheless. but yea mane smh.
 smoke or no smoke
 when the smoke is in your eyes  you look so alive
 freee smoke freee smoke
 i got smoke in my eye
 courtesy of @smokeyandpugly   tbt to when life was simpler. pugly and smokey  prebernie . 
 drinking a smoked wyld agave heart daisy cutter by @halfacrebeer at @randomtap  
 breezed through drizzys album ... early favorites are sacrifies  portland  kmt  gyalchester  but free smoke amp do not disturb  gt
 @timwillywilli kick you and bc kick around the idea of coming up to tennessee this summer for a couple of weeks. great smokey mountains
 south hempstead ny sun mar 19th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 laundry. clean up . smoke. chill
 starting to meal prep got my beans going with smoked turkey drumsticks 
 @thomasgarman @rulajebreal obviously your oxford education didnt teach you how to weed out fake news.
 @biggreenegg my wife loves quarters smoked and seasoned with tony chacheres 
 is that weed  
 winds are usually strong from nw. blowing mostly westerly amp from s this morning. minimal smoke to the south. 
 hiking in the smokey mountains 
 no smoke
 customer appreciation tonight from 6pm to 9pm bring in a friend that smokes and we can help 
 ribs in the smoker cooking low and slow. beer in the cooler 
 wig looks like its growing from my scalp. holographic ombr navy  blue glitter smokey eye. lena lashes in serena 
 i thank the universe for whoever created cannabis oil
 yesterdays eyeliner is todays smokey eye.
 @baseballcrank @dc37deborah @mikeljollett these folks are the weeds in america the beautiful.
 briskets in the smoke sauna. sweetsmokeq rusticrubco stlouisbbqstore smokinbulletsbbqteam 
 from 28th taft road you can c the smoke on top of mountains @cbs4jeff @ericlupher7 @tomcbs4 @chrisparente
 freee smoke freee smoke
 my dumb ass washed amp dried the weed 
 its smoke in his eyes lmao
 wish instagram had a smell function  smoked ribs smell amazing @ 
 my homemade kielbasa heading for a smoke on my @traegergrills 
 iced coffee with hemp milk  a raspberry crumble bar organic and vegan friendly service and if 
 ive heard of horny goat weed but this is ridiculous thatweekendfeeling @ norman j levy park 
 @prospectiveusa1 @usagsessions @repadamschiff @repdevinnunes @braddjaffy  gop blames the smoke alarm  ignores inferno. ship o fools
 wishing i was back in this lovely place.. @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 lifes short smoke a port on a port in new york calculating like a dork kill bill. tracksuit. preme shorts
 her tootie must be goat smoke sha husband stayed...tuh. 
 spring time unicorn  so in love with these colors blush  lilac  smoke and mercury  and just 
 when you smoke weed once 
 music laundry  and a pound of weed
 these are weed 
 stash and dash for a pair of tickets to todays marijuanaediblesesh lilcalzoneslildrawz 
 the weed did 
 south hempstead ny sun mar 19th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @littlelibtard the budget allows for af1 to fly here and there media is blowing smoke up your skirt. @littlelibtard  peace stay off bbqs
 tea smokedduck shangdong style. marinated and smoked for 3 days removing the fattiness usually 
 fired up the smoker early and it looks like its just about ready.... its definitely a texas thing 
 2 racks of st louis cut pork ribs smoked over hickory. meatleadership 
 no more weed 
 first smoke of the spring alittlebehindschedule
 @versaceking25 @sagesoui smokey and the bandit. great movie.
 me when i see netflix added a new documentary on marijuana 
 tonight. toniiiiiight with the whole damn crew late night at smokejazzclub.  join us tonight 
 west des moines teacher arrested after marijuana found in car  
 .@chickenwing with 95.25 points on sweetpros bruiser. holy smokes. pbr
 i intended to do a natural eyeshadow look and ended up with a glittery smokey eye
 blackberry smoke  lesson in a bottle 
 sweet  smokey  vanilla and carmel. really one of my favorites... straight jacket 2016  photo
 simple  quick  and delicious. chicken smoked sausage with roasted garlic and brussel sprouts 
 coffeeyish. smooth. creamy. smokey.  drinking an irish blessing at @biersteineugene   photo
 holy smokes  yall this is amazing super excited  this bundle is great it retails at 128 
 while challenging @aaronzimdars at air hockey he hit the puck so hard  it flew off the table and almost smoked a small child 
 the great smokey mountains is our view for this stay gay gayfoodtravelers gaytravelers 
 @peregrinusr3x my argument is so deep i dont even present it yea  go smoke another bowl dude. peace.
 the weeds were out of control and taller then i... but not anymore... rosemary  1 weeds  
 i want 2 houses imma smoke in the mountains catch me jumping from different spouses dont forget the big fountain
 hm.   the smokey brisketeer mac looks yummy  @schlotzskys
 if you smoke on the subway you deserve to be thrown in front of the train
 some mulefoot bellies  ribs  and trim finishing up on the smoker. looks like we will have some tasty meals in our f 
 @jemelehill whos in the sweet 16...go blue who got smoked by 20...sparty were we supposed to be quiet during basketball season hail
 jambalaya with smoked sausage  shrimp   fried fish   ampamp whole corn 
 reasons why i smoke solo
 lets get crpe crazy  .  @whiskcrepes .  brisket crpe smoked brisket  queso fresco  mozzarella  pickles  j 
 @bridgetteanjax where my weed
 lets get crpe crazy  .  @whiskdallas  .  brisket crpe smoked brisket  queso fresco  mozzarella  pickles  
 ...but i bet you never blew a smoke ring this big... braincandylive @ the florida theatre 
 6 yr old son did the cutting and mixing. i just cooked the meat. smokey pork and cabbage tacos 
 its just smoke... 
 we finna smoke  
 is a black smokey eye wearable to an office
 lifes short smoke a port on a port   in new york calculating like a dork
 @drdavidwcox @pastorhopec  oh but yes apostlehopecarpenter brought the smoke today @myredemptioncc hope
 |.ive trimmed a looot of weed to your music.. thank you @realrichrocka .| pc @bkreative @ san 
 an smoke 
 boom... how brisket is done cooked this prime brisket on our webergrills weber smokey mountain 
 nvr smoke2much b4 you sleep youll miss out on the good dreams
 slumpgod lifes short  smoke a port  on a port. me on a port 
 for the last client we gave her a beautiful black and gold halo smokey eye with a touch of 
 highlights from the tasting menu were this herring  scallops the smoked uni sabayon and the 
 just sat in my living room for about two hours with my mom and brother amp talked about smoking weed.... love sunday nights
 hosting tonights paranormal investigation inside the infamous sorrel weed house. @officialswh travel savannah 
 but im an art hoe so here i am doing full face looks  smokey eyes  bold brows  but my face skin is just naked. my pimples are out there
 should i smoke again 
 money music marijuana.. 
 uy  that shot would look clean af with some smoke bombs in the background  
 @sheriffleebaca smoked sausage and eggs or indio
 my neighbors have wind chimes and hearing them chime slowly while i smoke a cig has me feeling like im in a horror movie shooketh
 the weedkend is over. enjoy my thoughts on netflix amp marvel s ironfist ironfistnetflix betterthancable 
 this cant be just smoke amp no fire there is definitely something there amp we need a special prosecutor to investigat 
 south hempstead ny mon mar 20th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @stonergiass we are weed we are @saturnmissles   the saturn missles the noise experiment sessions 
 driving thru the smokeymountains @ smokey mountains 
 home is where the mountains are.   takemeback @ smokey mountains 
 chronic marijuana smokers are slow kissers and have weak dick
 holy smokes batman  serious results and just eight days  thanks 8dayjumpstart get the scoop 
 weatherchannel fort bragg aaf  nc treehigh  grasslow  weednone see  for the full forecast or download
 department of cannabis 
 alexander bradley points out aaronhernandez in court  says he sold him weed as early as he was still in college 
 you twippin if drake didnt baptize free smoke
 yes samesa has passover catering  can you contain the excitment brisket  lamb  smoked 
 when @dylanharvill smokes  
 its too early to be hearing  i smoked out of an orange
 waterman st lunch today. bluefish  smoked asada and dory 1130 til 2pm. @ college hill  
 the hogs taco is back this week our collaboration taco with taqueria del sol  fox bros smoked 
 where there is smoke.......... 
 that room isnt nearly smokey enough.
 i wont probably feel this drake till sunny spring amp summer but this free smoke nigga
 @dpshow @paulpabst did you get smoked or burnt meatmadness2017
 at one point  not a single one of the 15 legislators at pot hearing was looking at the @massdph official currently testifying on med weed
 im at two js smokehouse in palmyra  va 
 views  @ great smokey mountains  north carolina 
 so according to my sub instructor my side of class were pot smokers cheeto eaters  
 omg delish get this in your palate... vulcanus rex imperial smoked pepper porter  photo
 @tonimwyatt  holy smokes i think mr.quigly d just suggested j. beau sessions was an useful idiot of the ruskies amp guilty of perjury.
 how about some cracker crumbs for the commute this afternoon or lunch break smoke so freaking 
 amp smoke  
 .@nicolledwallace this attempt at smoke and mirrors only makes them less trustworthy .@gop .@senategop .@housegop gowdy comeyhearings
 brisket may be the key to world peace  i rubbed this prime brisket with @historicbbq beefnbird rub and smoked on 
 smokes weed once. 
 does an infusion device make better weed brownies find out today on getfreshtoast  i tried 
 incredible products here at hemp headquarters  independence vapor  this is for all of the dogs 
 why is 441 so smokey
 april 8th is our car show all info is in the pictures below  we will also have smoked bbq pork chips and a drink f 
 springbreak ended early for a 19yearold who police say had a fake id  weed and 30 packs of beer in his truck 
 ethan has a weed eater text him 
 its not about what you smoke its who you smoke
 trip to the smokey mountains was nothing less than amazing. good 
 alan warrick marks the 5th city council member in support of a marijuana decriminalization program 
 forecast high of 83 amp sunny today. you see spring. i see grass amp weeds starting to grow. thebattlebegins slowlysharpensmowerblade bringit
 store 1274 the hempstead  store has a newly assigned   department head of flooring   welcome derron . 
 sb184 really sets it up for failure  says jason warf of the southern colorado cannabis council  says crim cases pending now in the springs
 a jeep owner  an atheist  a crossfitter  a vegan  a doctor who fan  an engaged woman  a guy in a band  and a weed smoker walk into a bar
 wha wha where the weed at
 monona fire on scene at monona grove hs investigating smoke in the building. student pick up will occur on jerome s 
 life short smoke a port on a port
 @gop smoke  fire comeyhearing 
 sweet baby sirchapman @ smokey mountains 
 happy spring after a smokefilled sky yesterday  clear beautiful blue sky with amazing clouds. evidently  news 7 h 
 free smoke free smoke  @ stone mountain  georgia 
 noah voice free smoke
 burnt cheese makes the house very smokey
 brick grill  now serving weeds. pennsylvania rural spring rsarural rsarurex grilling 
 south hempstead ny mon mar 20th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @caseeek @bschneider he would be all protective over a damn weed eater lmaoooo
 the smokey gouda chicken and broccoli skillet is really good. at @dennysdiner in oakland  or 
 if they ever remake smokey and the bandit... 
 denny heck pot smoker who created protections for depository institutions that provide financial services to marijuanarelated businesses.
 red beans and rice with smoked sausage and corn bread. 
 a timely reminder of the harm reduction afforded by supervised marijuana injection centers. 
 in case anyone isnt aware that too often pandering is just a smoke screen to attack representation 
 hickory smoked thick cut pork loin omnivore heavyonthecarnivore springtime...yeahright 
 shes smoke  i pull her in nice and slow  shes a habit that i cant let go  blowin rings around my heart.. 
 smoke weed 
 i be burnt but i dont smoke
 if you missed it beginners smokey eye tutorial using all @bradiance makeup products search 
 do you smoke
 spreading hviii with whiskey..beer..pork tenderloin..garlic cheddar sausage in the smoker @allenchase 
 on the menu tonight smoked jalapeo cheddar sausage  butter beans  greens  cornbread. ubdinner 
 stabilize appetite control  body weight regulation  metabolism amp pain management with cannabis today your bodyyou 
 springbreak ended early for a 19yearold who police say had a fake id  weed and 30 packs of beer in his truck 
 missing this winter wonderland  @ smokey mountains 
 .@chuckoneilmma i have a gimmick idea for you. you should be cool smokin chuck and smoke cigarettes on the way to the ring
 ki mask lifes short smoke a port on a port me on a port 
 this is why i smoke .
 holy smokes batman
 cammron mclaughlin making the 2 smoker sing @protaperusa  @evssports @spyopticseye @ridedunlop  @pitposse 
 i smoked a blunt and ended up here again 
 all you can eat wings at smokey bones 11.99 your welcome
 like smoke ghost angels she twirls her desires in a thick heavy love that intoxicates deep in his lustful lungs dis 
 sparkly smokey eye .   beatbyjazzie    @makeupforwoc @glowkit makeuptwitter beatfacetwitter 
 @ckarath holy smokes. that is an awesome figurine.
 @zacheryarcher in the great smokey mountains. @ great smoky mountains national park 
 so what wine would you pair up with beef short ribs that have been smoked for 5 hrs @ bothell  
 netflix need the friday wit smokey on it 
 @dailymjobserver weed
 @kmmccammack @dotsonc smoked sausage perhaps. 
 i want to smoke omg
 netflix  weed and kisses
 up in smoke
 ive been laying in bed for 6 hours watching weeds on netflix... 
 eat our greens. smoke our greens.   @erinbaileyj
 i can feel my desire for weed lessening
 @cashaley i know you support cannabis families
 and weed 
 im tryna smoke up oomf
 where the weed at 
 jimins smokey eyes always be hittin 
 i got a big weed stash  pocket full of cash  just seen a big ol aaassss @ludacris 
 lifes short smoke a port on a port 
 do you smoke
 roses are violets  red is blue  the caterpillar is playing a banjo  gulab jamuns are communists....this is great weed...and so are you.
 to smoke  or not to smoke
 who finna smoke before school
 me and smokeeyyyy skeeedd early.
 smokinghottunes misty mountain hemp @berlinseshdmtv
 south hempstead ny tue mar 21st am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 she gone overdose trying to smoke my dope
 im finna smoke this whole 7 and wrote a album 
 @nptsethbutler @gsundarrenreese @jefref @zbbb11 @mstrange14 only cause im not in smokey anymore 
 jgny1 made this smoked  then grilled lamb heart with pickled carrots  grilled carrots  raw 
 its tuesday and i am in the mood for tacos. can we taco bout this @ smokey joes cigar lounge 
 and weed  
 @igroki how cool is it to be followed by you thank you so much looking forward to engaging your followers about cannabis families
 @corytalkstech @theycallmeyogi when the weed isnt pre rolled and retropie isnt set up but the tabs are taking full 
 have you had your hogs taco yet our collaboration taco with taqueria del sol smoked pork | 
 free smoke is summer sixteen is super saiyan mode.
 free smoke is summer sixteen in super saiyan mode.
 you blew me away with 300 followers we are now at 500  you guys are showing your support for family cannabis users thank you so much
 smoke weed 
 red curry infused with our smokey lapsang souchong tea. you will not be disappointed. three 
 red curry infused with our smokey lapsang souchong tea. you will not be disappointed. three 
 butternut squash amp smoked onion pizza with vegan almond ricotta. veganontheroad 
 short lunch break with this smoke show. @  overland park 
 talking about the increased interest of industrial hemp in mn w @afvaubel nationalagday agday @mnagriculture 
 just announced march 30th pubic hearing on charitable gaming in hempstead  ny details here  nonprofit hempstead
 even pb amp js need a smoke break.   newagecc ladispensary southla wakeandbake 
 we smoking the finest og tonight  if you smoke and like tacos pull up.
 tacosandhenny 3 tacos all night  weed  liquor. you missin it if you aint here tonight 
 scalia smoked a pipe at his confirmation hearing. goat scotus confirmgorsuch 
 after over a hundred years this smokestack is coming down. akron bfgoodrich @ downtown  akron 
 scalia smoked a pipe at his confirmation hearing. goat scotus 
 had to be done @ zuckers bagels amp smoked fish 
 safe harbor partners discuss salmon  weeds  riparian grazing  irrigation and flow management rangeland march 2324 
 come and smoke with us and enjoy this new show on netflix iron fists by marvel 
 housemade smoked apple thyme sausage is on the grill. open until 2pm  wed love to see you. 
 who is the girl singing on the intro of free smoke her voice is so beautiful 
 u.s. health secretarys wife supports marijuana rescheduling  via @massroots
 oh smokey. 
 when bae picks up aka colin just found a mostly smoked j on the floor of meier and we are going to smoke the rest
 in between meetings  i blast music in my office. today was all @lionelrichie with a few smokey robinson songs thrown in. whatigrewupon
 tacossssss tonight if youre inventive youll put some weed in it tacosandhenny all baddies amp liquor. 
 today was awesome  i covered marijuana  xanax  percocet and promethazine with codeine 
 cold smoked kebab koobideh with basmati pilaf  fresh vegetables  sweet peamint pure and 
 south hempstead ny tue mar 21st pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 400 000 worth of pills  marijuana products discovered during putnam county traffic stop 
 if only there was someone to give you a smoked sausage to eat with that. giftsforchris its a thing 
 kicking out 1 250 mesquite smoked brisket burgers to ship all over the u.s.a. tomorrow 
 omg kate del castillo is in weeds
 the global coalition against isis supports freedom of the press... to smoke 
 where you see smoked chicken breast i only see protein protein  protien thanks 
 i did a smokey eye on myself  dm me for appointments beautiful ladies 
 few smoke
 check out the crow on netflix  well weedeating the lawn got rainout  havent weeded since 
 our trip up to newfound gap at the great smokey mountains @ newfound gap 
 @casandraaqui that isnt to defend or oppose the guy  but just to get into the weeds legally.
 just in at mostly modern nickel plated 3 disk round swing out coffee table with original smoked 
 just in at mostly modern nickel plated 3 disk round swing out coffee table with original smoked 
 @izzyrunge too late  i out ran smokey
 almond  coconut  soy  yes. rice milk is horchata in my eyes. oat  hemp  no. 
 finna smoke an grub
 tacos  edibles  liquor  weed all for sale tonight at tacosandhenny  
 so im having a smoked sausage..... alone 
 if it aint fallin off the bone then no shank you  | delicious lamb shank served w smoked 
 i just rode the skyride across reliant park amp smoked a joint
 when you havent opened the cd drive in your laptop in months amp find an @arbys 13hour smokehouse brisket commercia 
 pd also say apartment building expected to be closed overnight due to smoke throughout building colonie
 i got some lovely cannabis inspired jewelry today from the lovely owner of stone angel designs 
 smokes weed once 
 family discussions tonight my usage of weed and my brother watching weird porn  a classic night in the wilkinson house
 about to get smoked out tonight whats good
 this is weed in 2017. 
 lifes short smoke a port 
 @megaaaann @choclatyshatner only smoke with the realist.
 free smoke  basassical drake
 bruh i just been wanting to smoke a blunt a listen to apple of my eye by ross in the dark.
 sweet baby jesus brisket  pulled pork and ribs. @ lockhart smokehouse in dallas  tx  
 @lev815 amazing. went to millwood smokehouse. holy pork
 smoke some weed 
 more smoke.  
 hey guys my new eyeshadow pallette came today should i do a dark warm color smokey eye or a light pink shimmer smok 
 like lets get tacos hah hence taco tuesday and smoke 
 @shaneadams @genewillis a2. smoked sausage and mac amp cheese. but it needs to be legit smoked polish sausage. g5qs
 pork blade bone in roast spent 12 hours in the smoker today. tomorrow pulled pork sandwiches. 
 thanks dan p. this is excellent  drinking a skillet donut stout @ garage brewerytaproom  smokehouse  
 is that a weed 
 @benedictevans depends how many cigs one can smoke during a supercharge
 shell be back    in smokey voice 
  shell be back    smokey voice
 peru states center fielder was a complete smoke show tonight  
 no smoke...
 in your smokey voice. 
 the mtg is adjourned.  next mtg is next tues. marijuana ordinance will be on agenda.
 whos down to smoke
 so whos down to smoke
 and weed 
 no weed
 yooooo the police just stole my weed
 where theres smoke..... 
 @pranksickles ethan got smoked this morning thats 2 kills for super soakher 
 where theres smoke... 
 south hempstead ny wed mar 22nd am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 carbondale city council discusses report outlining understaffed police dept  don taco  marijuana cultivation center 
 found this little guy in hempstead  tx alwayslooking smalltown charming pink houstonblogger 
 gastonia rays smokehouse here talking about the burgerbracket its the search for ncs best burger. vote on 
 either the winds shifted on the collier county fire  or something else is on fire  because the commute this morning was real dang smokey.
 @dongeronimoshow thought chuck barris smoked pot heard he did  do you know
 a lesson in carolina cooking at monarch elementary. smoked whole hog barbecue sandwiches and low country boil 
 sjc to host medical marijuana workshop to discuss proposed zoning and permitting regulations 4 pm  april 13  sjc permit center.
 off the smokes
 if anybody tryna smoke scoop me up 
 holy smokes this substitute is cute 
 the smokey edge in her voice is orgasmic 
 @naomicatherine6 just wanted to thank you for your show of support for cannabis families hello to your followers and thank you
 finna smoke before work
 @alternativesol4 we just wanted to thank you for showing your support for cannabis families hello to your followers and thank you
 @frostedevents super excited to find you following us thank you for showing your support for cannabis families
 @precisediff nice wassssup ty4follow amp hello to allyallz followers. thank you for supporting cannabis families
 @privateyachts thank you so much for following me and hello to all of your followers thank you for supporting cannabis families
 @dermudetude smokey is sheltering in place 
 tryna hook me up with the twerk sumn smokey eye   
 i just remembered i dont ever wear makeup bc i smoke and my eyes water if i cough. 
 where the weed at
 cue smokey amp the bandit meme. substitute ficus trees for coors beer. 
 mar just tried to convince me that you get smokers lung from drinking through a straw
 we are looking forward to doing whats right for the village of hempstead  ryan said. latest on @hempsteadvill  
 we smoke 93
 on to the next book. usmreads @ smokey mountains 
 in a week ill probably be obsessed with some new smokey eye combo watch
 @whitneymartin23  true smokey eye.
 roasted summer squash  harissa hummus  smoked chvre and pecans. toastoftheday belcafe 
 blaze up the chronic so i can get high  i promise i smoke chronic til the day that i die
 @twayn5 why not marijuana
 so marijuana is a competitive threat not only to big pharma but to big alcohol while its an opportunity for big to 
 60 and overcast. perfect day to sit out on the back deck and smoke the ol pipe.  its been awhile  my smoke rings need some work.
 just to know that the blue bonnet which is the state of texas flower is a weed. 
 @reuters a more interesting story would be the cancer incident rate of people who used weedbgon contain gt of dioxin in late 60s amp 70s
 my smoke was blowing back in the general vicinity of my baby carrots so now they taste like marlboro reds mmm delicious
 playin blue smoke in rainbow road. one of the best feelings.  bluesmoke complexla 
 you can smoke in here  just not no ganja
 filet smoked on a cedar plank why not  it is tapas night and happy hour is kicking until 9pm 
 taco sisters renowned smoked tuna taco amp smoked shrimp are more salad than taco. and now i have 
 its not easy being green cannabis payments 
 carbondale city council discusses report outlining understaffed police dept  don taco  marijuana cultivation center  
 mane selu dnt want no smoke  what we closing the roads for  
 south hempstead ny wed mar 22nd pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 got my first kidney stones.  holy smokes they hurt a lot. agony
 do you smoke weed
 tonights specials smoked salmon fish dippickled veggienights swim ale mustardchargrilled 
 amp smoke again 
 @suittiedelivery is going to the smokehouse for a rib fix @ zzq smokehouse in eagan  mn  
 uncle smokes says tune in to @mlbnetwork tonight at 9pm est for the wbcfinals usavspuertorico 
 bringing out these puppies pork amp cheese croquettes  w pulled pork  white cheddar  smoked apple amp sorghum salsa  
 killer brined and smoked pork belly aka temper bacon from @tempergrille delish pork bacon 
 purple smoke on the water purple smokeyeye dustypurple makeup makeupartist hairstylist 
 @fetihlover smokey black always looks so good.
 nc hickory wood log getting thrown into the smoker. the meats are so juicy  flavorful amp tender. corn pudding amp mash 
 living in colorado with a cannabis amp goat farm 
 smells like weed and dirty hobo on the train today. one of these i have a problem with and the other i welcome.
 @realbenmcdonald love to watch @lsubaseball here in the beautiful smokey mountains of north carolina every year. you and lyn rollins are 
 @jaclynhill purple smokey 
 @jaclynhill purple smokey 
 @jaclynhill purple smokey
 @jaclynhill purp smokey
 @jaclynhill always another purple smokey eye
 where there is smoke... 
 @reckless 1 i assumed you smoked based on this  2 vox and its companies are generally pretty awful
 when smokey sings
 @patrici15767099 hes on the smokey mountain high
 purple smokey 
 that video of the weed hidden in the doritos bag made me want doritos
 i saw a dog that looked just like smokey at heb today @marlaynalopez
 the smokey purple eye 
 @hempiorg super badass to have you follow us thank you for supporting cannabis families
 this is the reason our whole hog sandwich cannot be beat palmetto creek 180 hog smoked 15 
 who down to smoke some 
 whats for dinner smokey double jack tavern burger  wrapped in lettuce with bottomless 
 lightly smoked caramel.  drinking a farm table dunkel by @beausallnatural at @bscraftlounge   
 eat ur greens and also smoke them
 @jaclynhill purple smokey huntyyyyy
 light smoke amp toffee.  drinking a farm table 80 shilling by @beausallnatural at @bscraftlounge   
 snapchat is where i smoke in peace an record weird ppl doing weird things lol but mostly smoke in peace
 i smoke concrete it makes my eyes heavy
 @tonyagrubb13 we both have an agreement hempamp trippy life
 dont miss the opportunity to enjoy a smoke with lissette also give her your thoughts on ernestos awesome smokes  
 @lukebryanonline whenyku can on stage at scraton she cryed and got burnt by a smoke when you came out from bethel again cryed you and jason
 more weed for me
 where theres smoke... 
 finna smoke this good weed
 its so sad that the sexy gay teenager on the first episode of weeds isnt a reoccurring character.
 my guy @drankestien512 smoked me under the table
 @meirish @danielsellers but yes  some of that breath will be smoke from your copious cook fires
 @jaclynhill smokey purple
 this one tumblr post i made of a gifset is 5 notes away from 500. holy smokes
 @superegoworld hello and thank you so much for the follow a shout out to your followers as well cannabis families appreciate your support
 side of smoked fivespice short ribs and ....  
 ...on more weed 
 new arms dealers  jordan  drake  trump  trump supporters  cheated on women  cheated on men  full force  smokey ro 
 psa bees are going extinct leave weeds alone  buy raw unfiltered honey .. your kids deserve to experience bee sti 
 @jaclynhill purple smokey 
 just smoked and doing pp
 @rzxqh weed omg
 @ravbrar that nose ring and amazing smokey eyes  killer makeup 
 south hempstead ny thu mar 23rd am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @firstweets @dchsfrc  5022 ready for weigh in. smokey mountain regional lets do this @patrickobarnes 
 @shtoppers  shhs team 3984 in knoxville for smokey mountain regional.  @dchsfrc @patrickobarnes jdinspire first 
 what is up starkvegas strawberry lemon  blueberry  smoked sausage cheddar and sprinkles on our 
 see you at hempfest2017. be sure to come by the magnolia booth on the 25th and 26th. say hello meetatmagnoliayou 
 @dchsfrc  handing out rrr cans to teams at smokey mountain regional. @kimberhalliburt @patrickobarnes 
 up in smoke 
 noah fence but how can u smoke a cigarette this early
 fucked around and caught the norovirus sippin on special k protein drink why is the weed jar over there smh
 triplejs smokehousebbq @ triple js smokehouse barbecue amp catering 
 i been smokin weed before the fifth grade
 apple amp red oak smoked osso bucco pork shank with mashed cauliflower  baby heirloom carrots  
 our special today downtown lamb sausage pita lamb amp apple sausage  smoked serrano amp raspberry 
 this meal from swiftsattic looks absolutely delicious  braised goat  ricotta gnocchi  smoked 
 we getting smokey 
 how much  did smokey own big worm
 gucci hi my name is gucci mane  im addicted to everything  me bad bitches  fast cars  weed  and promethazine 
 walks into teavana yesterday  looks at the loose leaf tea @emileelikespie  this is what synthetic marijuana looks like 
 volunteers needed for hempstead breakpoint on saturday  april 29 and other sites for bpms150 
 all i smoke is 93 
 @jtbendik looks so damn majestic in that beautiful purple smoke 
 @speavegrin lets smoke on the 26th 
 tonight mole kalikimaka pork sandwich. mole spiced grilled pork shoulder  smoked spicy pork 
 roasted pork tenderloin | baconwrapped  stuffed with spinach  smoked gouda  served over 
  with some local performers. there are a lot of good shows in the great smokey mountains  gatlinburg 
 finna smoke  then ko
 buttermilk fried   jalapeno and smoked gouda polenta  green beans and a light herb bbq sauce @ 
 i smoked  she whipped my ass 
 not sure about this  drinking a smoke on the port by @jailbreakbrewco at @jailbreakbrewco   
 constantly inspired by @jocelynxsanchez so i recreated her blue smokey and then added glitter  
 south hempstead ny thu mar 23rd pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 fun interview@partypoker irish ambassador @padraigpokerguy has more stories amp crack not that u smoke than anyone 
 scallop tempura amp house chorizo tacos with jicama slaw  amp smoked paprika aioli @ jerrys bar 
 you can probably find me in a smokey bar sitting at a poker table with a stiff drink in my hand tonight . thirstythursdaymotherfucker
 @theeapartment quizzo  1030pm  smokes.... be there
 whats the best body shop to get wheels wrapped gloss black and spoiler wrapped carbon fiber  lights smoke tinted and windows tinted 
 if you have weed from the west coast youre legally required to smoke it at 720pm
 cherry wood smoked breast of lamb threecoursethursday only 22 @thevillahc heavencity 
 my dogs do the most happynationalpupday  @ bear smokey 
 the great smoky mountains nofilter usa  tennessee @ smokey mountains 
 i need a brunch with a grapefruit mimosa and the fragrance of marijuana tickling my nose hairs. preferably within close proximity of breasts
 jason zucker gets smoked by brayden schenn like 3 seconds after the whistle. no call. mnwild
 i do all but smoke  
 holy smokes @marshallsgview rockin @madtreebrewing galaxyhigh  treesearch  psychopathy and roundingthird m 
 our dinner dates   deep talks   hw hangouts  spending all nighters in the library   our late night smoke sessions and  
 why do u weed man go to the extreme and call your weed sour just to get that sale
 or smoke  
 anyone trying to smoke crack w me tonight  just wondering
 course 3 hop smoked beef short rib  one but brown braising jus  sweet potato porridge  
 watch subs smoke dubs
 free smoke freee smmmmoke
 chat   hello you very sexy women do you love touch are self after are marijuana xxx
 @reefermadness  hi reefer 
 b.s.g york its the weed music video @ louisville  kentucky 
 so can we just smoke
 awesome meal @therosevenice. and look how pretty the burrata with everything bagel seeds  smoked trout roe and coun 
 my andouille sausages fresh out of their 6hour pecan wood smoke sesh. these smell absolutely 
 all i do is smoke weed 
 finna smoke myself to sleep.
 dinner tonight  pork butt covered in @yomommasstyle1 hickory smoked sea salt chipotle rub. 
 @estefaniawar omg you smoke 
 is zona really about to smoke this
 finna smoke this wood  famously.
 great tacos @toptaconola fest chef papier @arananola serving smoked pork wpineapple  tamarind glaze  vanilla  cin 
 eyes bloody marijuana
 the colorado weed stunk up westminster
 life short smoke a port
 finna smoke
 omg so much weed and wine. my teeth are purplee
 e smokin resin fu kmy weed
 @meishacbs3 seeing that dress color reminds me of deep purple song  smoke on the water .. you look smokin
 our burger hand ground chuck  sirloin amp round steak  topped with double smoked bacon  slow cooked brisket  molten 
 im at smokey mountains in tn 
 south hempstead ny fri mar 24th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 tuna spring roll with soybean pure  fresh made pickled ginger and smoked shoyu. recipe  we 
 how you get smoked by nick cannon
 hi good morning i sat on a lil bag of weed on the bus. how is everyone elses friday going 
 from the weedeater show. @ exitin 
 finished product from my beautiful stylist ali boone smokedlacehair 
 @ihatejohnpham smoke more.
 ask about me  im gone buss a move  djflyguy maskoff @ smokey mountain range 
 @briasinteriude what is marijuana
 @andrewoknowlton coming through with the best shot yet of our tater tot waffle with smoked 
 ouster rockefeller smoked on a cedar plank  just one of the creative specials on the menu 
 our substitute is talking about how he smokes weed.. 
 friday is coming at you like a smoke ring science 
 its just weed to me. 
 @chuck1496 @abby24 @shepherdsdaily this isnt smokey
 420 bigbabygucci x 1500 x @gvbakery818 smoke and art show in la
 hangout with georgethepainter this saturday for @thehorsebc @thehorsebc smoke out preparty 
 hangout with georgethepainter this saturday for @thehorsebc @thehorsebc smoke out preparty 
 @mchoudhs87 @cclockster lmao thanks guys.... let me smoke my pipe dreams...
 another vegan masterpiece  by fitolddog red onion  hempeh  polenta  peas  herbs from the 
 i save my cash for weed and cover
 boutta introduce the idea of department smokebrainstorming sessions
 goes for casual lunch w parents   wears super dark brown smokey eye   my brain why  me you gotta
 lifes short smoke a port on a port in new york calculating like a dork
 burger and fryrings @ big smoke burger  sherway gardens 
 man tea  on a damp  blustery day like this  our smokey black tea blend is perfect with 
 come out and show love tonight at the up in smoke art showcase this line up is dope asf 
 mostly just weed 
 sb329 new revises various provisions relating to marijuana concerning health and regulation. bdr 40361 
 vintage smokey eye 
 grow hemp protein.  good4airsoil u feel greatfull omegas without fish mercury anyone readn amp actually usen hempp 
 open today and throughout the weekend from 1100am to 630pm we look forward to helping you get your medical cannabis recommendation
 all i want to do is produce rampb music and smoke briskets forever
 super stoked to visit a dear weedclub select members new greenhouse opening today in mendocino it will be filled 
 @heartboxplus your special cake for something to weedtown  colorado
 breezo free smoke ..... 6pm est6
 @lilbcup miss u finna smoke big dope soon
 sorry i havent been really active school is wild but heres a smokey eye look from last 
 just tapped  bire de mars from @zerogravitybeer. and holy smokes it is tasty traditionally 
 in china  only batman and @edotwoods can smoke 
 if you smoke . its a no for me .
 i  weed
 come smoke some hookah w all nude ladies tonight open till 5 am tonight  friday 
 awesome cheese burger  @ jennies smoked burgers and tornado fries in fredericksburg  tx  
 had my first matcha latte with hemp milk and omg its delicious.
 south hempstead ny fri mar 24th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 i dye my hair a deep red today and danae helped make my basic eye look go to suuuper smokey and dramatic yay
 @deplorablyinco2 @speakerryan @gop as a businessman id prefer obamacare implode in the next 12 months poof up in smoke
 wully and smoke stack fats @ taft  tennessee 
 our hotel room view lol  @ smokey mountains 
 2012 green tea amp green weed thats all a nigga need go check out one of my latestvideos 
 obvi had to look to my boys for makeup inspiration before tonights concert. jimins red smokey 
 @northeastcann super excited by the follow hello to your followers thank you for standing up for cannabis families
 drinking an apricot sour by @averybrewingco @ sublime smoke  
 ima drop 100 on weed and art supplies tonight nobody judge me plz amp thanks.
 jay simple  smoke one  
 good first night in gatlinburg @ smokey mountains 
 grodziskie oak smoked sour  from fair state brewing. one of the most unusual  and delicious  
 i can finally say that i have seen not 1 but 3 waterfalls  @ great smokey mountains  north 
 smoke weed with
 im finna smoke
 can smoke in peace  
 use to love strawberry watermelon lip gloss n loved candy apple green as sour  soft  like gummy weedy b now
 come smoke a new vudu damballa with a spiked fashion and just sit back relax and enjoy your 
 griddles johnny cake with smoked duroc pork cheek mole  charred lime queso fresco  refried 
 taco bell across from a marijuana store. wellplayed
 make green smoke green 
 out here just blowin smoke....
 drinking a lexington smoked spring ipa by @nattygreenes at @nattygreenes  
 @tomleykis great call.    christian fella who had premarital sex  smokes weed  etc.   omg
 lifes rough. eat more tacos.  smoke pork and bbq shrimp tacos from @cantina76 || 
 ill settle for coorslight if it means i can smoke in the bar. 
 just weed 
 whats up with the smoke usmnt   thought i was watch wwf
 michael bradley with a unnecessary foul right as landon is blowing unearned smoke up his ass usmnt
 welp  the danger ranger smoked two deer tonight
 this guy came into work and let me do a smokey eye and glitter tears on him yaaas
 @fallontonight goats eat a lot of weed.
 prime short rib  smoked squash bread  chermoula glaze and vegetable leaves by @bradkilgore at 
 pork spare ribs with a sweet and smokey hibachi rub and a teriyaki glaze goodeats pork 
 finna smoke 
 braising really nice amp meaty short ribs this evening with some @voodoochef13 amp bourbon smoked 
 @donrnwarren1 @voxnthecosmos its almost 5050. the recreational cannabis lost by only a couple of points. too m 
 forever wishing i could do a smokey eye
 if you drop any more fire we might have to call smokey the bear 
 man im good smoked ribs on 8th and folsom in front of the cat club and f8 open till late come 
 just smoke a j and move on
 more like smokekim noah. amerite
 just reefer it 
 solo smoke drives are the best
 @smokeysavant @dineshdsouza get a grip smokey its not about politicians or government. its about our liberty and our familys healthcare
 south hempstead ny sat mar 25th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @lonewolfdc @jm3theiiird  @tomangell what i fear is this censorship is at request or pressure of dojdea to stop @twitter sales of cannabis
 view of the cedar house thecedarhouse @ great smokey mountains 
 a memorable evening with family amp friends. the smoked pork chop was incredible. great service  
 tinas coming out early today to shoot a short film called waiting for weed @ capitol hill 
 we taste oregon goat cheese wrapped in bourbon soaked maple leaves  amp smoked over alder amp maple wood...for @6sqft 
 so i just drove into the whitest neighborhood to get weed and this shit is pink and yellow and blue and purple
 and smoke. 
 tig amp smokey and the bandit caturday cats instagramcats catsofinstagram adoptdontshop @ 
 learning about beat reporting and marijuana coverage with @k8mckee at @spjtweets slc spj 
 spj conference listening to @k8mckee discuss covering marijuana in colorado. 
 the smoked sturgeon taco at @tacomaria is a top 5 taco in southern california  not up for debate.   costamesa oc 
 @thg7420 whats up whats up appreciate the likes would appreciate the follow to show support of cannabis families
 to the individual who created the new boxes that weed eaters come in...im not a fan of yours. @lowes  patienceisavirtue
 brunch bacon biryani  layers and layers of basmati rice  onion amp tomato masala  smokey 
 briskets on the smoker. what are smoking @ fort worth  texas 
 when you smoke with me.  
 where is the weed
 what copious amount of weedwine created this catch kyra and i sporting the real thing 
  look for the gateway to this tea smoked pork on the shanghai dog tonight 
 looking for clean christian comedy for your next trip to the smokey mountains tellintales gatlinburg 
 @mharbul not af1  which isnt accompanied by jets trailing red  white amp blue smoke. 
 burgers  angus short ribs   moulard duck breast  smoked guanciale and new york cheddar 
 walks into kitchen  smells and notices smoke me did you make turkey burgers roommate no i made eggs..  
 following a blog cause 99 of it is your taste makeup  sexy spooky clothes  travel  but the 1 is like...chick in weed bra holding gun.
 im finna smoke on my 30 fuck it
 stepstoreverseclimatechange              smoke cigarettes backwards
 how do you smoke 
 its spring and time to smoke some baby back ribs. 
 introducing the ranchero burger steakhouse angus burger  smoked brisket  egg  ranchero salsa  queso fresco. 
 hickory smoked pacers 
 look what found surviving amongst the weeds metaphor im a little daisy surviving the 
 look what found surviving amongst the weeds metaphor im a little daisy surviving the 
 hickory smoked latte from @upcoffeeroaster at @insightbrewing smokesignals mnbeer coffee mpls 
 just posted a photo @ great smokey mountains 
 party tonight hmu for address drinky drinky smokey smokey
 snafuglass beautiful reticello tangie crush and reticello experimental 31 landed here at smoke 
 @fiftyminus2 i think vodka or gin are better than marijuana anyway...
 happy birthday  alicia 23 looks great on you @ woodshed smokehouse 
 and more weed 
 @dcexaminer the rinos and antitrumpers will be weeded out and then gop will unify and support @potus.
 @applemusic can you kindly correct the lyrics for free smoke on more life @drake correct me if im wrong. ive nev 
 roadtrip with @simplylili1717 in the texas hillcountry. at jennies smoked burgers in  fredericksburg 
 indian police investigating rats stole 25 pounds of marijuana. 
 first time having grits. shrimp n grits were awesome. smoked brisket benedict was really good 
 @dilphonic um ring ring hello im ready to smoke come to my crib 
 sleep til 1  sushi lunch  simulated flight  cannabis  weiner dogs. perfectsaturday
 south hempstead ny sat mar 25th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 16 hour smoked brisket sliders jackaustins cheflife brisket njrestaurants weehawken 
 im at big blue smokehouse in hazard  ky 
 on getfreshtoast and @erikajschultz delicious and potent lemongrass coconut and cannabis 
 i need weed @bigfazay voice
 we own a lawn mower  a charcoal grill  and a weed eater  a turntable  and a home. adulthood is 
 its 420. smoke.
 love jones is on. time to smoke and do my makeup 
 sexy sixteen hour smoked brisket... jackaustins cheflife fromtexas sheraton weehawken 
 all the venison sausage amp a little ghost before pulling the pork butt off the smoke bbqlife biggreenegg 
 how to redefine your saturday @urbandecay sarahelmie with @repostapp  purple smokey eye  
 spent some time with a young ranch couple  wes and crystal klein  from hemphill county texas who 
 isabel and smokey 
 big it looks nice  ppl in the carwhat is  big the weed sparkles 
 harrys smokehouse @ fashion centre at pentagon city 
 go leafs go tmltalk at @rallysportsbar  smokehouse in toronto  on 
 hello smoke ring @ roland park  baltimore 
 finna smoke
 im probably not going to smoke until i get back to texas omg omg omg
 @710marijuana710 smoke session 
 whos down to smoke
 spent some time with a young ranch couple  wes and crystal klein  from hemphill county texas who 
 hello smokey mountains gooutside nc smokeymountains @ highlands  north carolina 
 not sure the sign is going to stay up  but im keeping this smokey mountain from @webergrills for sure wsm bbq 
 paired with octopus  salsa macho  chickpeas and cilantro... mole smoke 
 ill be in la tonight holding down @jmacmovements set at 1000pm. pull up an smoke one with us 
 damn those hickory smoked ribs amp sausage smell great beansindapot 
 @skillz @laaray7 smoke some
 party on @ sugarfire smoke house  @sugarfirestchuk in saint charles  mo 
 pork. pork. pork pork. @ smoke daddy  @thesmokedaddy in chicago  il 
 @gphat heh. nice i did pulled pork on the smoker today
 @drbbq is a ribeye roast the same as a prime rib smoked one tonight and tasted nothing like a ribeye and all like a prime rib thanks bge
 and smoke 
 taking out some time to blow a little smoke on this beautiful saturday in tampa bay saturday 
 not promoting that app but it is good for weeding out your fifth column
 finna smoke this bowl and contemplate
 @kahlenbarry omg fuck the chainsmokers omg bitches look like they smoke 10 packs a day
 the travelingbooboogel  makes it way to the great smokey mountains  where is your boo boo gel 
 automatically a 3 if you smoke
 vibe mood bluesmoke @ blue smoke of dallas 
 5lb beef brisket hickory smoked 8hrs on 200 @ the eastes estate 
 5lb beef brisket hickory smoked 8hrs on 200 @ the eastes estate 
 @madfrancois @mm2529 @srdtv @thegifted16 lmaoo he said free smoke gt tuscan he one of the fake drake fans
 @greenfield64 must listen radio on smokey sunday nights in the early 70s. even with the coal tar shortage. salute 
 checked in automatically with the uber checkin app  at @rallysportsbar  smokehouse 
 shades of blue smoke  burnupatvshow
 braincandylive giant smoke rings @ austin  texas 
 i was going for a simple bronze look then i saw my modern renaissance palette and ended up with a purple smokey eye
 drinking a lexington smoked spring ipa by @nattygreenes at @nattygreenes  
 i  weed
 yet another great meal  my wife made smoked pork shoulder taters gravey and corn mani eat like a king
 im finna smoke like 5 blunts tonight 
 you cant see the forest for the weeds dji mavicpro roadtrip 
 who tryna smoke this extendo with me  hammond bound
 sweet and smokey @springbank1828 thankyou for these. 
 ive always smoked and my eyes never gets red... until tonight. damn that wedding cake has now truly hit me
 where the weed at
 @titleist unveils limited edition 716 ap1 smoke irons
 lewis will be lucky to finish 2nd. getting smoked by vettel  but bottas is closing fast. ausgp
 tbt weed sucks
 @jerkingpu @kon25282910 great fuck..love your big cock raw in my holes smoke my cock 
 @hiroakiabe @mashagessen downplaying it when theres this much smoke is as unhelpful as the hysterical voices. would be nice if folks 15
 finna smoke solo i guess
 there isnt any weed and i have no cash to get any 
 bloom  dangit... bloom @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 and im out of weed
 do you smoke
 if you find a bail of marijuana that washed up ashore  isnt that just seaweed  @toddkazakiewich @shaynaseymour
 when the cat hides your weed from you 
 south hempstead ny sun mar 26th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 i smoked cleaned and went to go hoop. super washed 
 hiking today. if you see smoke signals in the wilderness  send tacos.
 i h8te the fact my own people weed out the weak so thiers only a hand full of strong wouldnt it be better to lift them up to be strong
 whats on todays menu am i gonna do a smokey eye again or nah
 i got weed in my eye and now my shit is swollen 
 edseldope somewhere in the smokefilled haze. dope bloodlustdeathtour2017 @palladiumshows 
 @juanmansantos several hundred weed eaters  florescent orange vest  goggles and several hundred gallons of round up weed eater and deliver
 i done cooked home made smoked deer sausage .. 
 @ohitsmecee @rolltribe2017 heck in kentucky im pretty sure you can smoke in a church 
 i smoke the tobacco a peace 
 i call @lhlafamilia to smoke with me
 new 100 hemp yarn dyed short sleeve tees | made in the usa  5 colors total the one shown is 
 @sharonarobinson smoke bomb thrown at @dickallen15 dickallenwasphilliesjackierobinson @bijancbayne @dhunttrib 
 finna smoke a blunt
 @420linksuk hey thank you so much for the follow hello to all your followers thank you for supporting cannabis families
 i welcome all technology enthusiasts  entrepreneurs  purpose driven  enlightened minds. anime watchers. weed smokers. and business partners.
 @angelou45328491 thank you for liking us if you follow us that show support for cannabis families
 all time favorite to smoke and reminisce too @ darby  pennsylvania 
 inhaling the smoke from burnt plasticgtgtgt
 a man outside with 1yearold has been arrested after police say they found handgun amp marijuana in his baby stroller 
 ice water and a smoked sausage. @ kum amp go  @kumandgo in springfield  mo 
 im always emphasizing patience when it comes to makeup smokey eye attempt when i first starting using makeup in 2 
 @grumpyskeletor you should get smoked out with heman and jesus. look at the size of that j. 
 our slow smoked rib racks bracket is out...  which racks are in your finalfour 
 @otcalex is that smokey
 i just love a simple smokey eye tho..
 @oyrhomei smoke weeds
 smokes weed once 
 engine 3 is investigating has odor of smoke
 somehow ended up in santa monica when i was ubering and got smoked out by a korean dude named paul.. made a new friend and got stucc. 
 the only tenisee @ smokey mountains 
 theres some pork slander happening rn  but i rly need to underscore the importance of ribs. good  southern  smokering ribs. howardcookout
 benintendi just smoked his third homer of the spring.
 i dont smoke cigars but i learned a lot about the process in yborcity during my trip to tampa. oh....and the 
 todays menu on the @masterbuilt smoker pork steak  smokey sweet taters  beef short ribs  and home grown pork sausage for breakfast at work
  the medium  and smoked gouda  grits in birmingham al  @thesouthernkitchenandbar 
 @lechatendormi wearing that beautiful hempen kurta...so fashion
 who wants a bite sundayfunday applewood smoked bacon and banana peppers. pizza pizzatime 
 its bbq and tall can sunday tall cans are on for 5 and we have a delicious bbq smoked beef short rib sandwich on 
 smokin foreign weed eatin gourmet carne asada its the life i longed for
 @youngleatherpup @invinciblerubbr its one of the neater colors in latex.  the smokey black is also awesome
 overcast day smoke  alecbradley raicescubanas cigar cigarsmoker @ das haus 
 south hempstead ny sun mar 26th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 correction e4 has smoke showing from attic
 just posted a video @ smokey mountains north carolina 
 just posted a video @ smokey mountains north carolina 
 this how @xstaticshock smoke 
  i smoke the chronic now 
 threw down a rack of beef ribs that i bought from carlschoicemeats onto my smoker. very pleased 
 appalachian mountains tennessee @ smokey mtns 
 appalachian mountains tennessee @ smokey mtns 
 @simonspage weedling
 i was just tweeting that in short.  holy smokes. damm 
 420 p.m. rainy sunday @dougbenson show at a club above a weed shop. we may be the only nonstoned people here.
 holy smokes basketball is awesome
 colorado lawmakers urge governor to step in on medical marijuana registry backlog by alicia wallace 
 watching smokey and the bandit  burt reynolds reminds me of sr  @dalejr best line  theres no way  no way that you came from my loins
 @lovelylandfill you guys had tacos im jealous  i mean we did go to local smoke for lunch though so
 luis just seasoned our chicken dinner w weed crumbs he found on the counter 
 i do not smoke
 rolling home @ smokey mountains 
 the tornado potatochips upforthechallenge @ jennies smoked burgers 
 lifes short smoke up
 this is a portion of the 70 pounds of pork i smoked today. i think i have a smoke ring like the pork does 
 stay smokey have a great evening.    dallascigarartqueen 
 pussy  weed amp burger king   realoneifyouknowthis
 9 but he smokes   
 finna smoke crazy 
 pvtsmkclb was dope af thick smoke everywhere @ nifty fiftys 
 a background. . . . green smokey eye using @shopvioletvoss x @laura88lee pallet mascara 
 what should i ride through the smokey mountains tmrw
 triple h looks like an old british strongman who smokes a lot now
 @ukcbdltd whats up cannabis family i hope you support cannabis families
 guerilla glue smokebreak... i needed some euphoria and anxiety 


 today we bought a weed eater  lawnmower  shovel  electric drill  post digger  ceiling fan  push broom  and built a fence.
 put in a little work today traeger smoked rib eyes with bourbon butter @ loudoun county  
 chronic pain is for marijuana thats why its called chronic
 eat your greens  smoke your greens.
 hello im red plum hempz. 
 tune in to @kazi887fm monday  march 27th for a tribute to @chuckberry on smokey joes cafe 
 is that a weed 
 @ccierrafaithh your smoker voice tho 
 pollen makes my eyes look like i smoked all the weed in jamaica.
  this weekends adventures with lexa. for the makeup i went with grey smokey on the eyes and 
 ice mocha a lot of weed
 finna try to smoke this headache away
 oh yes  rt @beautyofweed colorado now serves cannabis infused chicken and waffles  
 who down to smoke
 smoke smoke smoke 
 listenin to them already had me tweakin  now this time ny try to get all the smoke in one hit ghee 
 im just daded smoking weed sippin citrus tea tryna get to this cash every morning
 smokey smokey 
 @opensecretsdc what a great organization do you support cannabis families
 i  weed
 how to do weed 101
 cades cove  smokey mountains
 cades cove smokey mountains 
 kasim sulton of blue oyster cult   enters the stage amid smoke and light during saturdays show. @ksulton 
 dean smoked two stogies tonight
 4pm today pres board demo of 22nd wards historic hempstead school townhouses @ praxair site not rexs nancy rice 
 south hempstead ny mon mar 27th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @scrowder if u can make a living off selling just marijuana then i give u props..the profit margin is way 2 low..like living in efficiency
 @serenamarcus  yuckmouth and lo dizzy weed event concert 
 @soulmatebag i bought u a blue lapiz lazuli turtle in a blue paper mache turtle box with all my indian @currensyspitta in a cannabis baggy
 im solo moving slomo i smoke a lot of weed
 i have two husbands and a wife  music  photography  and marijuana
 this place is beautiful  but i cant take the smoke. trump towers is saving my family of four from passive damage.
 do smoke and ttg 
 pot activist jodie emery calling for a moratorium on weed arrests and raids as feds reportedly get set to legalize 
 its a official shot out to myself videobig thanks to smoked out digital brandon tucker waldon this just the 
 @thekelword @gretchenpeters @marygauthier youll have to try our new smoked prime rib nashchos were also addin 
 or smoke
 surprisingly smokey kulichs best friend the ruler of cat girl gangs in normal heights who tries to fight every cat in the world
 because of smokeys diva ass attention hog power play ass attitude towards any animal that isnt her.
 turns out smokey loves young female cats the problem she had with shadow is hes a timid pretentious male cat like tatas husband
 sandwichoftheweek smoked bacon  lettuce  tomato  mayo  your choice of cheese amp bread. vegan substitute seitan fo 
 should i smoke  i should smoke
 its a gorgeous morning drink your water  smoke your greens  do your squats  and enjoy your day.
 fuck pharmaceuticals  just smoke weed
 im at two js smokehouse in palmyra  va w @billybicepz @finanzinho 
 purple weed purple candy amp purple drink goodnight @ vancouver  washington 
 everything bagels with smoked salmon. pls and thank you.
 impromptu trip to the smokey mountains resulted in many stunning shots @canonusaimaging @canonusapro @viewbug 
 still love smoke  drink  break up x mila j
 hooper says shes worked 20 hoursweek for hempstead to get its fair share. im your only voice in albany. 
 @brandonflorkey haw river event on the 13th  wicked weed on the 15th. sorry for the typo
 gon smoke a j. 
 rollin weed in the library
 finally something not smokey.... 
 great smokey mountains. 
 what is looks like when we make hickory smoked malt. craftmalt craftbeer craftwhiskey 
 @davidfoss @larryboa @halloweenhalpin @dmcintyre1991 @brianm731 will look for the smoke
 awesome seeing whit6074 on the road again weedoggie  trustbelieveconquer believeintherun 
  @ smokey mountains 
 2017 atlanta trip  half way stop for lunch in charlotte  nc at mckoy s smokehouse. tender 
 design solution floor fray smoke  countertop pentalquartz belgium blue  backsplash islandstone glass ginger 
 ima try to do a smokey eye tonight wish me luck
 i hide cat treats all over the house for my cat. i compare it to when i find money or weed that i didnt know i had.
  xoxo subscribe for some tittie  toes  smoke  and blow jobs later tonight
 if were dating just know my family will smoke u out amp get u drunk during family bbqs 
 todays burger at deck our house blend  glazed short rib  aged cheddar  creamy coleslaw  fried pickle  smoked chi 
 i have a goal this summer to learn how to grow marijuana.. and plant at least 3 plants in my backyard.
 im smoked out watching netflix on my 10th blunt
  clicquot slow and sour d smoke... 
 acid on me like the rain  weed crumbles into glitter
 fb live 2 pm pdt for results of free weeds party. set your alarm. 7am sydney  5pm boston  10pm london  11 pm paris 
 this is aiken county  where we glorify hoes  drop down bitches for something easy amp support people who just smoke all day 
 wait i did have a weed on friday
 smokes weed once 
 south hempstead ny mon apr 3rd pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 more smoke. 
 purple smoke
 mountain road are so great in the smokey mountains. mainly at sunset. explore 
 my allergies have me looking like i smoked an 8th right about now
 register now a fabulous hempinfused meal by chef orr at @kitchdorr on 420 only 39  
 @wickdtranswitch @nickuhhh theres more than one smores beer out there. wicked weed makes dino and shorts has one j 
 red river smokehouse is at commonwealth brewing. this brisket is amazing love the ribs and 
 craving some smokey brisket or ribs or sausage ... random i know
 israels medical marijuana pioneers look to cash in on a 20bn market  cannabis israel
 @catsuitfan @psylockemodel hot. smokey black latex is so awesome.
 she look smoked out 
 mama wants me to do this look on her mamaya   fun glittery cut crease with purple smoked 
 i blowin smoke out the roof
 eyes bloodshot marijuana  staring at the eyes of my karma
 greenbrier smokey bones @730 with the afp crew. pm my if you want to cone
 gkpeters87 is doing his thing tonight for tv dinner tonight @haymerchant. smoked 44farms 
 15. you smoke
 you smoke 
 before we got to the smokey mountains i caught this shot hanging out the window while he drove at 50mph  
 sun setting while driving out of the smokeys... i got this one @viewbug @canonusaimaging @canonusapro photography 
 i can out smoke you
  weed  
 my new neighbors annoying. i cant smoke in peace 
 watching friday waiting on this weed to pull up 
 morphine for more fiends   less life and more dreams. id rather be on lordes team. or self destruct   charlie sheen. instead i smoke green
 cauliflower pure with smoked sea salt and lemon juice  red kidney bean with red onion and 
 cop pulled me over  says  your eyes look red you been smoking weed i said your eyes look glazed  you been eating donuts 
 @xweedtweetsx must.   make morphine. strong.    like.  may.   weed.  yet.feds   gov. not. leting. me. have.my.weed. just. 90 morphine codine
 @msnbc beautiful  classy  intelligent  excellent mother amp wife. obamas daughter smoking marijuana like her dad. he 
 @xweedtweetsx     as.  weed.  helps.  me.  eat.     not.  eating.  right.   so.  losing weight.  as   my.  escape. plan.  starvation
 im sorry but if you have a family members that smokes cigs you need to throw them away it is not an option 
 she wanted netflix and chill with some light weed
 how to do 3 easy and sopretty smokey eyes  via @stylecaster
 memphis pit beef cheesesteak slow smoked beef brisket  sliced 
 im finna smoke in a bit
 all you do is smoke 
 @jelynchjr stocktons daughter is a smoke show so ... great game but still keeping an eye out for talent 
 where theres smoke... 
 be ready to smoke a lot of chronic 
 former thousand oaks mayor lawrence horner with wife betty and smokey robinson when smokey made an appearance in th 
 pass me that  so i can light this reefer
 we smoke a  down
 so an 8th grader brings zanx to school  distributes it to 16 classmates  and they end up hospitalized.. but marijuana is the problem right
 weed weed weed 
 finna smoke me a blunt and call it a night 
 protein amp weed
 smoking like im smokey off friday 
 @nvtreptar @pokerstars nah getting smoked tonight
 i smoke with you if you smoke with me
 .@jackieredmond i like looking at woman eye to eye and she must be able to spit  smoke fight and swear.. @kingmarliedave
 the effects of cover crops on weed suppressiondr. bradley discusses in the latest plant management network webcast 
 south hempstead ny tue apr 4th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 democratslibtards speak with forked tongue smokem 2 much peace pipe n drank 2 much firewater 
 @johnfricke @bighugh53 @squidbilly929 weed needs to get a doctor to lie and say weed fixes ed to these nfl owners. js
 on weed  
 @lysexoo idk but thr whole hallway smokey af
 @justinbeckweet they got mo treys than a smokers convention
 craving a smoked sausage poboy amp fruit punch big shot 
 israels medical marijuana pioneers look to cash in on 20bn market 
  @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
 get cash  get cash amp then go smoke 
 tennessee bound tomorrow time to pick a home gah . jeepin permanently in the great smokey mountains  
 you smoke ciggawets 
 my weed 
 scoop smoke smack 
 judge jeanine clears the smoke around rice 
 what a smoke 
 beautiful day to smoke some herb 
 testing out my mny24k palette with a gold and bronze daytime smokey eye. so far i can say i 
 white smoke emerges over philly we have a new dougcar and its awesome 
 bitch stole a couple dollars and some weed lmfaoooooooooo 
 something to study to  smoke to  take a lunch break  @lilfuegoo s slow fade 2k17 available today until 5pm  
 so allergy szn for bringing back my i just smoked 100 boags voice
 .@malcolmnance on rice its a distraction smoke amp mirrors from why rus carried out op amp why trump admin desperate to cover up op msnbc
 she wants netflix and chill and to light weed
 tryna smoke a port on the moon
 tgburbank smoked brisket sandwich  watermelon radish slaw  pea tendrils  house made sriracha  
 come meet @raekwon friday april 7th at weedssouthvan 6657 main between 600 and 730pm free 
 @asiatsukino i found out about them through asap mob forever ago. my favorites are spike lee joint  smoke break  and good grief.
 should i smoke before
 my weed 
 trump getting gop to remove opposition to a extremely aggressive despotic dictatorship like russia isnt smoke. it 
  weed
 may your day be as flawless as your makeup. fiery red smokey eye look for a perfect glam 
 on weed  
 @mariobatali in the bucatini allamatriciana why does the guanciale taste smokey. either way  meal was divine
 i can smoke on my medication im about to start 
 south hempstead ny tue apr 4th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 the smokehouse burger  
 beerbqd pork tenderloin  grilled vegetable kabob and smoked cheddar bacon polenta tonight 
 the beginnings of roasted tomatillo and avocado salsa for our smoked brisket tuesday taco 
 big pharma is scared of weed..and they should be 
 not sure whether @ordinarynh smoked brisket  ecstasy or goat gouda  ecstasy or if its found 
 just not weed.
 no weed
 you had me at weed 
 studio work  smokey eye for a janetmichael inspired shoot with steveselmanphotography  model 
 @goyochefathome    balontines of smoked picana stuffed with goats cheese  toping of confit 
 burnt corpse 3  american dry gin  grapevine smoked vermouth  cointreau  lemon juice. green 
 lets stay up late and smoke a j
 jenny block too smokey 
 feeling like a chai guy from black acre.  really nice  smokey chai tea delight 
 i dont smoke weed to get me high. i smoke weed to protect your stupid ass from getting killed by me.
 or weed.
 with this amount if smoke there better be ribs and brisket @altonbrown 
  @ great smokey mountains 
 launching april 10th  the vegas cannabis magazine phenohunt pack from green life productions. 
 taking in the @sixers game tonight in style in the cadillacclub   and were getting smoked by the awful 
 oh. my. gawds. @ omc smokehouse in duluth  mn 
 preparing for @tasteoftexas tasteoftexasfoodfestival2017 nomnomnom centraltexas slow smoked 
 about to just smoke it up
 @rbcafela if you dont make your own smoked meat i could use help on a us source.....been trying for 12yrs to source it in memphis.
 ion smoke so im sippin syrup for the pain .
 @benoitny x @hometownbarbque  smoked and roasted beef short ribs  sauce bourguignonne  homemade 
 cant wait to recreate @desiperkins smokey eye 
 and weed 
 who wants to hangout with frances and i tonight i promise were nice. and well smoke you out. 
 where theres smoke
 a van covered in green neon lights just drove down our block blasting smoke weed everyday
 my smoke is as green and bright as my eyes holla
 all i do is smoke 
 this looks like @whatth3hale  eyes when she smokes 
 me when im mainlining thick cut hickory smoked bacon and exposing the deep state 
 enough distractions. leaks. rice. smoke. mirrors. @senategop @senatedems support  defend the us constitution as youve sworn to do.
 she smokes too 
 @iaintdoit just open the smoke thingie and shoot it.
 isnt htc weed lanissa
 just saw a recipe for a cannabis burger  im so hungry for a weed burger
 @alllieeb cannabis 420
 bless mary this sweet soul from ar  blessing me tonight  right after she served me  went straight to smoke a cigarette waho
 self control and self love is beautiful rn... 4 months percs and weed free and 5 months celibate. 
 smoke weed im over that
 my actions tonight have driven me to smoke a blunt
 found a roach in the living room blunt roach finna smoke this bitch fuck it
 @midnight smokey and the budget. budgetmovies imlate
 report christian mccormick was arrested for fleeing police twice this week. officers say they found pills and 362g of weed in his car @nc5
 @markhoppus kind of red white and blue in that case because if he smoked it that she has this reproductive system
 @nc5akoehn @nc5 weed isnt decriminalized where he was arrested
 holy smokes what the heck 
 do you smoke
 south hempstead ny wed apr 5th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 first mt. dilishi run is tonight weedoggie during the spring and summer  the first wednesday 
 we are starting the fire and getting this bbq wednesday started smoked chicken and ribs served 
 smoke doritos not weed  
 @lhasbc eoy sale sat. 411 fr 10am2pm hill country signs  719 hwy 183 behind smokey moes. profits 2 student scholarships. @libertyhillhs
 first mt. dilishi run is tonight weedoggie during the spring and summer  the first wednesday 
 @jimcramer he is not procoal. hes just blowin smoke.
 guess well go with a smokey eye today...  
 all i do is smoke weed 
 or they just smoke 
 to smoke with 
 this job might be a great fit for you extern  smokey point smiles dentistry   marysville  wa hiring
 its official put emacs is king on my tinder profile.  right under allergic to cats and smoke 
 brown rice crispies @naturespath  banana and @manitobaharvest hemphearts with my cashew milk. a 
 a harry potterthemed cocktail list featuring the ginny weedsley with rosemary and thyme
 @ketchmarkwcpo @cincywxman @jacobsweather and a short time to get there sorry smokey and the bandit pun lol
 where there is smoke  there is more smoke.  
 yeah  the disfunction of 8 years of fiction writing by rice  rhodes and company was weeded out 
 looking forward to @artweekboston amp featuring my strawberryfieldsforever hot smoked turkey with strawberry glazed 
 roasted maitake mushroom  smoked eggplant  ramp amp pistachio pesto  wild greens    new family 
 @thenigganextdoh @cliggaplease @key4 they stole a dimesack..... never that serious over 10 of weed.
 pursue 222 youth tonight 530pm  smoked sausage skillet dinner in 
 good morning quick smoke sesh to say hello make today worth living cannainformative vibeon 
 point all to this let children play without shame n protect n feed there energy amazing as speed now weed n surgery it fix bbzz please
 super beautiful today here in philly  but what are these purple weeds growing in my lawn 
 @janatjan have you had any interaction with the cannabis industry
 @michaeldelauzon @serafinos holy smoke  king abdullah is short  but he is the dude  respect
 experience first hand pov style with me a lot more. ate at traditionz smokehouse with the homie 
 the porky meaty and smokey goodness of barbecue ribs and rib tips. @ fletchers brooklyn barbecue 
 the most beautiful weed i ever seensmoked 
 i  weed
 @eminiplayer stopped and reversed and smoked some shorts. goodnight.
 icymi coconut lemongrass cannabis soup on getfreshtoast and @erikajschultz  super tasty and 
 when you find out your not allowed to smoke during the sat 
 thank you to those who produce  support  and work in this industry. from weed protection to large production 
 im also gonna do red beans amp  w smoke turkey sausage.... and some kinda greens
 me having a panic attack and feelings of impending doom  me after smoking 1 weed bowl wholeheartedly singing cotten eyed joe in my car
 south hempstead ny wed apr 5th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @ayejimenez @bguaps aw you guys are so cute  yes lets smoke this weekend super big sesh
 @jmv1070 deadpool is freaking awesome... smoke shows all movie
 @realcarrottop smokey eye...
 that new special im guessing replaces lightning charge. the one that looks like smokes b21 or mkvsdc flash special
 she wants netflix and chill with light weed
 while she at work im sellin weed out her house
 xer in my sytem from pm  smoke one in the am.... 
 anybody who brings me a vanilla chai tea with milk and honey gets cash payment and a smoke up. ccsu
 and my family vacation begins here in tennessee at the smokey wilderness resort hennessy 
 all the smoke 
 such a beautiful site @ cades cove  great smokey mountains national park  tn 
  red hemp yarn  55g 100yds  wool and hemp 2ply  @ebay
 pork belly  pulled pork  smokes turkey amp bbq ribs. so many options to go along with 3 pint night. brewsandques 
 for a very short time today  medical marijuana appeared to be tsaapproved on u.s. flights 
 when you cant smoke during the sat 
 @howtobegorjes @boxycharm yes  they can be used as a creamy smokey eye base  contour shade  or even a brow filler 
 @gurkhacigars thank for a awesome and amazing smoke 
 @johnarchibald they fixin to smoke yall out
 time to watch smokey and the bandut 
 big keno winners in palmyra mo at the rebel pig smokehouse and grill and chevys lounge  exciting news for ptown 
 you down to smoke
 someone teach me how to do a smokey eye by saturday 
 semesterly lunch with the boss man. pork chop and smoked duck breast 
 study cbddominant cannabis extracts reduce seizure frequency  via @enewsparkforest
 is that a weed
 our apple ciderhoney brined smoked turkey breast dwpbbq bbq turkey smokering bge 
 i need to smoke before i have a panic attack
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 dinner with mom @ smokey ds bbq in des moines  ia w @designed4ewe  
 humpnight after party  pvworkout pvamu pvspringfest2k17  pull up   37372 meadowview dr hempstead tx  tonight 
 i love @jaclynhill and her out of her comfort zone smokey eye rn its gorgeous 
 tonight might just be the night i try weed 
 id love to keep chatting with myself on twitter but i have weed to roll   peace out  self.
 who wannna smoke 
 so to all of this ganja
 no more smoke and waffle house. smoke in waffle house 
 should i smoke tonight
 today i had a beautiful smoke sesh with my friends.
 @germantownrunne @terri101092 @1shawnster @drmike91  holy smokes samantha bee has the most annoying voice next to 
  smoke what 
 @dmccathern smokey white devil
 @pouredinpa @sarabozich love my pa breweries but meet my new friend robert hemphill  owner of cogstone in colorado 
 were finna need hella weed this weekend @chesccaa @itsmariabo
 to smoke or not to smoke 
 i smoke his ass 
 is that a weed 
 scratch that just my luck it will have me acting like smokey on friday passthebud illtakethat mycomfortzone
 should i smoke tonight or in the morning 
 smoke more weed  
 spooky black  crown and weed for my soul tonight
 atlanta now  how you gonna get @christuckerreal in spandex sheeeeeit superhero smokey daaaaaaaamn 
 grayson and i hiked to abrams falls in cades cove great smokey mountains national park  awesomenationalparks 
 cant sleep. smoke sesh in honor of winberryfarms cannabis vibeon  just chillen  say hi  
 beautiful smokey mountains granite in stock now. get it while it lasts. @ jackson stoneworks 
 repost fingazz843  tbt back to @irishpride534 last year at the @thehorsebc smoke out rally. 
 south hempstead ny thu apr 6th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @violetskyrose says she needs friends i call her on discord and she ignores me  sent her smoke signals and she called the fire department
 where the weed at
 georgia tornados call for smokey eyes  prom girls start booking your appointments 
 blowing smoke rings at red lights
 i absolutely must have a pair of the smokey mountain chacos
 causing the disruption. and causing the dog to chase its tail. putting up smoke shield after smoke shield. it will 
 @sandyballz3 all i wana do is smoke a little chronic
 blowin on a pound of marijuana 
 @irishgrl1970 smokey 
 tbt this past weekend pulled out blue for the first smoke session of 2017 smokedchickens 
 @yahoonews you know what fuck the gop.  why cant i just have a nuclear option for recreational weed
 you know what fuck the gop. why cant i just have a nuclear option for recreational weed
 thursday sipandshop special 50 off smoked sausages @stillmanmeats 5730pm grab a drink  grocery shop  and hide from the rain for a bit.
 for smoke.... 
 i soak pork butts in apple juice overnight  then inject  a rub. old smokey electric. usually about 8 hours. 
 18 blunts will be smoked by saturday
 every morning i make myself some green tea and i smoke a blunt on the balcony   looking over the mountains . life is great .
 first stop today was j. leonardos bbq in east austin. loved the ribs and chicken and the smoked 
 orange  banana  sweet potato and carrot smoothie with plain yogurt  chia  hemp and flax seed with cinnamon blend that shit
 @hotluckfest flank zappa  fry segall  sidespread panic  smokey ribinsauce  pig frieda hotluck
 my brother swears you can only smoke to trap 
 not if you smoke 
 great point so whats the purpose smoke screen 
 how to weed them out 101
 i want that benz all black   smoke tents and red seats
 you cant overdose off of marijuana  
 @djmrgreez @mcdago29 @oldschoolest80 des n me  we only smoke that best. that dankest fuckin chronic having amateurs 
 looking forward to making more smoke fired pieces for @festivalintl.  jeffrey roedel for  
 voices fashion video shoot look 3 first pass in lightroom as i weed down content prior to 
 @cbsmiami smoke drifting across okeechobee road at griffon road.  police blocking entrance to everglades holiday pa 
 idk how i like smokey eyes on me 
 with my weed 
 smoke rings billow out the window of my cadillac this beats the weed  and im the fcking 
 gym workout this morning. spring cleanup of lawnmower  including oil change. sprayed weed killer. dinner tonight at oneils.
 bones smoked the field today awesome job @ralphnks @hlynnsm @tylergaff for getting her there. first win of the me 
 bones smoked the field today awesome job @ralphnks @hlynnsm @tylergaff for getting her there. first win of the me 
 @willpulos @timeoutnewyork awesome hope its cannabis @highergtv 
 i smoked a whole oxtail. look how its falling if the bone. with mushroom  carrot noodles and 
 south hempstead ny thu apr 6th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 2pm solo smoke sesh for winberryfarms cannabis for acknowledging my passion motivation vibeon cannainformative 
 take 2 solo smokesesh winberryfarms cannabis for acknowledging my passion motivation vibeon cannainformative 
 if you are covering cannabis news  odds are  @tomangell  writing now at @massroots  broke the story. give the man a 
 thats a wrap on this turkey bird  seasoned this one with @meatchurch deeznuts and smoked it with a bit of post o 
 i need another spring break @ cades cove  great smokey mountains 
 thick filets with @bigbadchef thickcut smokecured bacon. want some steakporn filetmignon tendersteak 
 more weed
 it was so awesome. so smokey  so meaty  so satisfying  so much umami flavor. and its just 
 it was so awesome. so smokey  so meaty  so satisfying  so much umami flavor. and its just 
 this is why i smoke weed
 ima smoke a massive amout of bud tonight at kytae show ...literallylit
 finna go smoke now
 today i was feeling like doing a purple smokey eye..but realized i dont have enough the right shades of purple to do the look i wanted.
 i was photographing smoke recently and grabbed some video with the iphone. the red is created 
 @foxbusiness he can start by not killing  the healthy rules that create goodclear governance and stop mistaking every regulation as a weed.
 cayenne truffles amp lavender smoke. hootchandbanter french winedinner foodporn @ hootch amp banter 
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 10 day brined  12 hour hickory smoked corned beef brisket  piled on texas toast with grainy 
 kings smokehouse tonight at 800pm  
 im so hurtttt. when i washed clothes last night i washed a bag of weed that was in my pants pocket 
 631 to smokey 359 miles magner.
 today i learned that smokey bacon peanuts are tasty @cecimiller
 taking our awesome placement student out to lunch to thank her for her great work @ the lancaster smokehouse 
 brother smokey reelected as our opseu president. lets get to work 
 southwest sweet sticky rib tips smoked with maple  oak and a hint of apple woods the  burnt end 
 hi i like weed .... fashion .... art .... music .....
 super bowl  smoke  social sunday @6
 @ultimatejazzfan honestly most of my cash flow has been made day trading on the short side this wk and got smoked long.have to look at spec
 @sneakyjoseph smoke 
 yall know how craig and smokey just sat on their porch throughout the whole movie friday well i want that so i ma 
 all i do is smoke weed
 in deep need of a smoke today 
 and weed
 skipping this job interview to go smoke and eat tropical smoothie
 i need a smokey eye makeup tutorial for for hooded lids. then i need to master it by march. oye vey. @macnmahalia you do 1on1 lessons
 officials said a group of  protesters dressed in black broke windows  threw smoke bombs amp started the raging blaze. arrests made
 northwest cannabis solutions will be here today be 3pm  7pm. come on down and check out their 
 red smokey valentines makeup from @redlmunoz  
 north carolina knows how to bbq   slow smoked brisket from treehouse whiskey and fork in 
 no weed simple 
 tbt still feelin high from the homie @slinkjohnson official smoke out bday party at the 
 smokes weed once 
 so in love cant wait to create a blue green smokey eye amp recreate the one you wore in the video endless possib 
 lifes short smoke a port on a port   in new york calculating like a dork
 @brickyardwineampspirit for dinner tomorrow evening. 23 5pm to 7pm. thai shrimp  pork belly and smoked steak.
 no more weed 
 @cloudypack lets try to link up tonight. smoke session
 finna smoke dabs for the first time today
 male heavy smoker 40 packyr with chronic cough  central image can 
 lifes short smoke a port
 male heavy smoker 40 packyr with chronic cough lateralxray shows 
 shrimp amp chorizo skewer wtomatillo salsa  paired wthe great north special stock ale. sweet  earthy  spicy amp smoke 
 numerica night on the mountain   friday 23  see website for details performing live  smokey brights  numerica
 updated dinner menu starting tonight slow smoked bbq half chicken with choice of two sides we 
 stop by @north45pub tonight for free tastings  4 pints  and smoked ribs amp bbq specials at brew hog night gt 
 south hempstead ny thu feb 2nd pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 pork loin cooked on the smoker. 
 @christuckerreal @ebonyonair @ks1075 smokeeeyyyy
 thefive  the anarchist black bloc or antifa group came from oakland w shields  poles  smoke bombs amp pepper spray and joined the students
 nose smokey  roasted malt profile smokey  slight pepper   chocolate and roasted malt... chance 
 @politico @schwarzenegger we should pray for world peace  smoke marijuana  and follow science. peaceful religious storytellers are welcome.
 tbt to last year feasting on fresh  juicy  watermelon atop the smokey mountains 
 recap of 2016 smoke management program in jeffersoncounty osucoarc cofarmfair2017 
 one of my favorite games to play on the train is which of you guys is carrying that super potent weed we all smell
 and weed and tacos 
 looking forward to this one. pioneers in medical cannabis.  emeraldconference 
 since the wife left on a retreat   i cooked some red beans and rice w smoked turkey neck and 
 all you do is smoke weed
 ready to smoke wurst sausage homemade smoke @ upper arlington  ohio 
 nfl committee to consider marijuana as option for pain management  via @eazeteam cannabis4pain cannabisforbrain
 hook people on pharmaceuticals and profits will never run dry. allow the legal use of cannabis...profits go away. 
 buffalo shrimp tacos with smoked bacon and blue cheese  via @mrdodd16
 orlandolostfound lost female cat meadow woods my cat smokey has been missing since november 29th. she is 
 i smoke  
 wine  weed  flashdance on mute and @mytits on @rwdfm
 super smokey  @ vaughan  ontario 
 super smokey  @ vaughan  ontario 
 life is short  smoke a port
 finna be solo blowin in houston all weekend . bff cant smoke and fuckin sister pregnant 
 got a big weed stash pocket fulla cash just seen a big ol ass  forrest kline
 like if we cant jam hall and oates  gucci mane and teddy pendergrass during the same smoke sesh icfwu. i love all jams  i dont discriminate
 i smoke the pounds of the green 
 looking forward to testing out the new smoker sb sunday with a nice brisket
 i havent been to smokey bones in awhile
 @middparent @teamrickandilsa  foster feral cat smokey says hi  @tcm 
 @cannabisnseeds smoke me out
 after i smoke 
 sweet swisher smoke now on 
 should i overdose on marijuana
 dinner tonight at 1200 market street in philly. lots of police. suddenly about 100 protestors marching by the restaurant. strong weed smell
 when the smoke is in your eyes  you look so alive
 day off hustlin  yoga  tacos  weed  and moving forward.
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriendkapg how bout dah cash me outsiidee lmao
 but with weed 
 gabe trained me to be the ultimate smoker lmao
 roses r red weed is green fuck da police  n smoke like a queen 
 @kilroywuzhere holy smokes  batman
 @juliedicaro the smoke monster wha
 sing and smoke weed 
 285 channelwood circle tower response report of  fire  smoke   1146pm prob food on stove call
 285 channelwood circle hirise response report of  fire  smoke   1146pm prob food on stove call
 go smoke a j 
 @burn1tv1 your single source for all things cannabis.  music   news   fashion   and culture. 
 or smoke weed 
 i want a cute cuddly girl to smoke and watch spooky movies with
 babe @missmathewsa   makeup by me   skin  @ajcrimson cream foundation.  matte smokey eye  
 yes weedpleeze
 i wanna smoke a whole lot of backwoods  but my surgery is tue
 hi im ty and im addicted to marijuana . hi ......
 weed weed weed
 strawberry amp shrimp gazpacho with smoked olive oil and flowering herbs livefire chrishastings onthemenu 
 smoke weed 
 south hempstead ny fri feb 3rd am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 i  weed
 i want some grits amp smoke sausage 
 im at the legislookahead this morning w @wvpress. reps from legis  chas pd  wvu healthsci  natl marijuana init. are here. stay tuned.
 @chefsymon smoked brisket or smoke short rib chili
 no more weed for me 
 @heykayadams these outfits tho... holy smokes.
 @jasonanddeb no need to bring a tent to port a when you can just build a hut out of all the washed up sea weed.
 or have a lil super bowl smoke out.
 smoke some weed  
 who can resist todays lunch special applewood smoked pork loin with roasted sweet peppers  
 sen. president carmichael said he has been driven to support medical marijuana by constituents who shared their testimonies. lookahead
 so how you smoke out an apple 
 you smoke it  
 @showingnakedguy j will jack your cock so u can smoke and have coffee. use my mouth to clean up
 where the weeds at
 there will be smoked prime rib tonight  foodporn primerib smokeygoodness wheresthebeef 
 amp smoke 
 jennies smoked burgers and tornadofries  legit almostgone whatdiet thanksyelp @visitfredtx @natepharmd 
 just off weed 
 it was an honor to participate in the legislative look ahead this morning to discuss medical marijuana. thank you  @wvpress lookahead
 @smokinbarrrels smokey is you gt smokeyyt
 thirdhand smoke ths may harm young children   thirdhandsmoke ths
 bbq its whats for dinner. brisket ribs pork dinnerdate tailgate @ smoke modern barbeque 
 something wicked mezcal  habnero sangrita  pineapple  lime  smoked salt  cocktails at tapestry 
 the device detonated  spreading smoke through the restaurant  but caused no serious injuries 
 good things happening in btown tonight. pork being smoked for tomorrow pick up in support of 
 screen door griddlestack burger and fries double patty  pimento cheese  smoked scallion mayo  pickles  lettuce 
 if anyone wants to smoke me out im here hello hi hey hola 
 but can i smoke it  
 tried the sweet potato poutine w waffle cut sweet potato fries  andouille sausage gravy  smoked cheddar amp mozzarel 
 @venicemase will u and freddie be smoking a lot of weed super bowl sunday
 its almost dinnertime at @brickyardwineampspirits 5 to 8pm. pork belly  smoked asada  thai shrimp.
 thank you lane county for this spectacular advertising campaign. weed  beer amp crotch rot lanecounty tmi 
 urth studio new bee  edition collection 2017 @elysium420 marijuana.michelle wigwagpipe 
 i smoke too 
 gorsuch prosecutors will almost always overlook marijuana crimes but the tax man never will. 808 f.3d 813  814 2015 quote shortened.
 who wants to smokey
 @tgmowerman we shall what is ever uncovered... there is an awful lot of smoke.
 @taylorsosavvy still in hempstead im finna leave in a minute
 a big bag of weed while jamming to cudder tonight sound awesome but to bad i have nobody to smoke with 
 south hempstead ny fri feb 3rd pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @fiveoutofkevin its 420 p.m.  are we going to smoke some noobs or what
  smoked some girlscoitcookies amp ogkush @odr0912 beautiful sunshine beauty skincare 
 when you have no more weed 
  smokes weed once  
 @akolodziejfrs  marketing strategy is incredible. snorted a few horny goat weed before. locked in
 order your slow smoked @calicomfort take out orders early on sunday for sb51   we will also be 
 im thinking that is just his stash of weed  no  
 when i convince her to smoke with me... shmood noneofmyxxxs  @ cleveland  ohio 
 togo  @ black dog smoke amp ale house  @blackdogcu in urbana  il 
 come get these af 1s 100 812 smokey blue @ urban legend stadium 
 wine  weed  and a veggie sub on wheat  tgif
 if i smoked a bowl before i did my makeup i would end up not doing it 
 holy smokes. im in love. @levyrestaurants @modacenter @pinckneycj this is what im having for dinner. you 
 im at smokey js barbq in austin  tx 
 higher than weve ever been @ smokey mountains 
 at blue smoke of dallas  the art of smoking  dallascigarartqueen  smokingnow smoking cigar cigars 
 light and smokey  drinking a le pete by @barrierbrewing at @foragersnyc   
 my fianc was just telling me about when she smoked weed she used to stash purse burgers
 tonights smellovision.....baby back ribs enjoying some hickory smoke.......premium 
 joe i still havent killed big smoke on gta  pablo brooooo i was so heart broken when i found out big smoke killed cjs mom 
 saintlouis trimmed  memphis rubbed  ambler smoked pork ribs.... i live  eat  dream.... bbq 
 smoke weed every daaaay mike epps voice 
 pregame smoked rib eye.  at @golden1center in sacramento  ca 
 whos down to smoke
 @sarahksilverman sarah how much weed did you smoke before asking for a coup
 you smoke  
 bag full of weed and a bottle of crown apple   tonight gonna be interesting
  such a clean beating  purple smokey eye w| pop of pink for ms. echohalls night at the 
 about to smoke my 4th bowl for today  
 blue cookies all we smoke 41 hoodhippies 
 and now on cooking with kartoffel im smoking a turkey burger with hickory chips in my smoker box. 
 my cats hid my weed
 where are my friends....... kass i smoked weed again
 if you smoke at all 
 i only feel the urge to smoke when im stressed.
 im legit tryna smoke my sweet tonight
 @ashhgotti smoke some
 we smoke a blunt together  then solo our own @wizchloeefa
 just tried @locustcider smoked blueberry  @peddlerbrewing obsessed drinklocal drinkwacider
 finna smoke again
 after watching smokey unsuccessfully hunt a spider  i now understand why he is so worried by changes in the amount 
 darryl be laaaaaaagging. we were suppose to smoke at 930pm and he barely finna get here 
 weed mi a smoke mek eyes look satanic 
 my shirt inspired people to pickup more weed today 
 where the weed at 
 this is smoke and mirrorsa metaphor for the whole life of this ignormaus trumpcorruption  
 this is smoke and mirrorsa metaphor for the whole life of this ignoramus trumpcorruption 
 ribs  burgers  and stuffed mushrooms are ready and prepped for the smoker. shrimp are still thawing
 @eriic419 @fox25news @suellen6786 @bigdaddycane420 @redbuds i bet they picked beginner pot smokers just to try and prove a point ..
 south hempstead ny sat feb 4th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @damelillard red smoke midame3 
 checked @ericchurch off my bucketlist last night and holy smokes its a first but not last thank you for a solid 
 thanks for the iglove my brother stay smokey doubletaps doubletap botlorg botl cigars 
 lifes also too short to smoke mids
 yesterdays winged eyeliner can be todays smokey eye if you believe in yourself.
 got that weed blowin
 no more weed 
 enjoying a ranch ricotta frittata w cherrywood smoked salt.  districtspice eggs vegetarian glutenfree 
 shopsys catering super bowl 51 promotion  signature smoked baby back ribs    
 special report cannabis greenhouse boom in monterey county  kion 
  brillianteye mike.fx mainphotographer amp founderof ganja.girls has the eye of a true 
 peace  many thanks to the art club at hempstead high for the invitation to talk about 
 got the smoker rolling bright and early. favorite part about saturdays. smokedmeatsaturday 
 on @thequeenmary investigating with @nickgroff @amyallantdf @chadlindberg tonight holy smokes @nickgrofftour
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 police has killed more people than weed. thinkaboutthat facts weed
 come holla at the deejay across from tax kings amp queens today up until 3pm. @ cheap smokes 10 
 carolina smoke bbqs baked beans start with 3 different kinds of beans. then a little of this a little of that and 
 @jaclynhill please do a soft smokey eye  because a lot of us dont have the kylie palette if we wanted to do your look   love you queen 
 so in a very untexas thing  today im braising a brisket. no smoke flavor  but you delicious veggies and tender beef. excited
 just shooting some skull friends today with @henchmenprops @ smokey hollow bruce trail 
 our awesome hall guide thanks eliza   many thanks to the art club at hempstead high for the 
  the weed 
 confessional saturday  i smoked weed 
 across the havana bay from the cruiseship port  a cuban facility pumped smokey pollution into the atmosphere. 
 nike air force 1 07 lv8 718152 017 smokey bluesmokey blue 100 size 813 available now to order call 51374494444 
 natural smokey makeup for the day in chicago  
 am smoke.
 its not weed  
 this how i be after i smoke omg 
 where the weed at 
 @harrisontenzer @jmoney2stackz higher as in smoked out because it sure as shit isnt a better class.
 cigarkings cigarqueens starting this smokey good day with a 
 these two are destined for the smoker tonight around 9pm. i think theyll need 14 hours or so. 
 i smoke  
 3 blaster smoke ring blower 
 goodtimes @ axinn library  @hofstrau in hempstead  ny 
 dont waste your time with subordinate options. advertise with vegas cannabis magazine   the 
 look who facetimed me young mila weeda 
 my @thermoworksinc smoke is a godsend. so easy to monitor my smoker temp bbq smokemeatnotdrugs thermoworks 
 got that iron rolling smoke early. ribs  wings and sausage cooking on applewood. gotta love the weekends.
 also a 6pm smoke hour
 finally  @ mercedesbenz of rockville centre  service  @mbrvc in hempstead  ny 
 i do not smoke 
 ....and dont forget the smoked bbq ribs truck tonight.  @wisebbq 58pm in front of  dicks 
 heres smokey
 @icutyolawnduhh warm smokey eye
 netflix and weed and tacos day 
 houma louisiana  im coming back to smokey row tonight. edmlouisiana edm trapmusic trap 
 do not gaf about the super bowl if its got weed in it its super to me
 all bowls are super if they have weed in them
 @hermitagebrews has done it again for all you sour lovers  aromas of oak  vanilla  light smoke  
 @judsonlecompte discussing weed mgmt in tea at srashs. @ashshort @msuag 
 tried doing smokey eyes and now i look a raccoon. 
 south hempstead ny sat feb 4th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @thebutteryone ok suddenly now shes a jazz enthusiast.  i bet he made her smoke pot and shoot heroine.
 can you smoke woods in the japanese tea gardens
 greens   with ham hocks amp smoked ribs   yams   cornbread ouuuuu momma comin thru
 11lb pork shoulder fresh out of the smoker  now to finish slow cooking with beer... @ western 
 @suittiedelivery gimmie one rib @ zzq smokehouse in eagan  mn 
 14.4 ponds of pig love. going on the smoker tonight.  @fogocharcoal @meatchurch @biggreenegg superbowlfood bbq 
 all i do is smoke 
 can bees get high from pollinating weed 
 drinking a smoked blueberry by @locustcider at @peddlerbrewing  
 lot of weed smoke all of the time til im nauseous
 its not smoke its weed
 sb787 new garrett county commissioners  marijuana facilities  location 
 5 hours to smoke these ribs. looks amazing nashville life is not terrible. 
 the beautiful electric table. bigassrooster salvagebbq @ salvage bbq amp smokehouse 
 the struggle of having to smoke on a snowy mountain
 @calicocats420 living here has made me realize the smaller the town the more pot smokers... not a lota tokerz my neck of the woods 
 ufchouston drink your gin and tonica. smoke your marijuanica. 
 @callawaygolf @foresightsports @jasonfinleycg holy smokes batman. her first shot with the new epic sub zero compare 
 nose tart apple profile tart smokey apple... teacher of the year 
 today was realll good  @ smokey mountains 
 lifes short smoke a port.
 @vickie627 judgejeanine  organized protesters armed w shields  poles  hammers  smoke bombs and mace arent grassr 
 black out like you are absolutely functional and quick but its so much to deal with that while youre deep in the weeds its all a blur
 i can smoke my ass off 
 whipping up the weed tea
 wearing all black so you can see all the weed crumbs on me 
 hurricanes  jambalaya  smoked bbq brisket  and smoked cheddar grits. new orleans in highlandpark 
 my dad is making smoked spare ribs for the super bowl tomorrow. am i living a dream or what
 lancer .223 30 round smokeclear magazine  ar15 
 portland pd on point with the weed related gif again. 
 my nigga @that1niggaa came out the blue with a blunt  quick hw smoke break ranchbrake insider 
 i only smoke weed
  you and haley can get smoked 
 i dont smoke but this is beautiful  
 finna smoke and listen to drake  lonely tonight
 outta weed so im just going to listen to pink floyd on repeat
 and she is letting clint smoke in the house....right across the table from her...shes outta control tonight.
 whos down to smoke
 me and my cat mo are gonna smoke this bowl and call it a night
 sam cooke  smoke rings
 @philimanjaro @michaelsluke weed
 i have a margarita  my makeup is beautiful  my cat is here  the weed is loud. i am truly living
 hung out withsmoked weed with the taco bell workers tonight lol litttyyy
 having to defend my general revulsion re philly last night just corroborated my argument n made me chain smoke out of frustration
 but weed will do  
 hi fav to smoke with meee
 my weed man got a pinky ring with a blue diamond in it. i be trying not to laugh
 so we just cooked tacos  red lobster biscuits  and weed brownies at 3 am lol
 finna smoke
 dont diss my smokey eye ive been doin the shit since 10th grade 
 .@thejgold do you smell more like smoke after a night at soot bull jeep or tire shop taqueria
 you smoke now  
 who finna smoke a super bowl
 brisket seasoned and ready to go in the smoker. fight for 5 is on 
 where the weed this early
 whos up and down to smoke 
 @tomloftuscj what is the likelihood that a marijuana bill will be considered
 this didnt suck. heres a prime grade brisket covered in @meatchurch  holy cow amp smoked on my @grillagrills . 
 south hempstead ny sun feb 5th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 getting ready to make smoked sausage  potatoes  and green beans. forbreakfast becauseican starving
 heres a sneak peek at the ribs and the tips in the smoker ribs smoker bbq bbqbrethren 
 happy super bowl smoke weed hope the blue team wins
 i do this after i smoke 
 beef rib sausage with hatch green chilies being placed into the smoker by wayne mueller. superbeef houbbq bbqlife 
 foggy wintergarden  at myhome. lots of green weeds i see and patterns of light and texture 
 foggy wintergarden  at myhome. lots of green weeds i see and patterns of light and texture 
 were making a cheesy bacon dip for a super bowl party. its kosher. say what smoked soy beans
 cornbread smokeybones  @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  colonie  ny 
 cornbread smokeybones  @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  colonie  ny 
 super bowl menu for today burgers with grilled pineapple  hotdogs for the kiddos  smoked ribs  jalapeo cheese bread  chips and dip amp dew
 studentsection what loss is the toughest for a teams psyche getting smoked on the road like zona @ ore or a tough home loss md with purdue
 bbqribs beans smokeybones @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  colonie  ny 
 its a smokey superbowl sunday at @meatings today   call in to place your orders before we 
 duck bacon wrapped poppers hitting the smoker. superbeef  houbbq bbq barbecue sb51 
 need to smoke just a couple racks of ribs but its kinda cold out
 chase and josh remind me of big enos and little enos from smokey and the bandit @callmenip
 bacon eggs amp rice smoked pork belly  soft egg  koshihikari rice  pickeled asparagus  tempura beads. brunch 
 crab cakes nc crab  legumes  smoked carrot jus brunchmenu changeisgood 
 mr.allans smoked briskets for sb51 houseparty homemade dryrub brisket oakchips 
 at @epcarrillocigars we have a lot of choices for you to enjoy today  light up your favorite smoke during super bo 
 repost fingazz843  tbt back to @irishpride534 last year at the @thehorsebc smoke out rally. 
 brisket in the smoker. lets cook brisket texas barbecue 
 5 am up to stoke the fire and get a 16 lb brisket on the smoker for the big game tonight. low and slow just like @franklinbbq
 getting smokes for wifey checkedin @ f.l. roberts 88 s. maple street 
 bbqribs beans applessmokeybones @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  colonie  ny 
 bbqribs beans applessmokeybones @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  colonie  ny 
 bbqribs beans smokeybones @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  colonie  ny 
 our luscious raw lasagna has made a return layers of sweet basil and hempseed pesto  newdles  
 im jus going out for the drinks  smokes  amp thee fooooooooood 
 super bowl  smoke out  hml for addy 
 i loveeeeee smokey eyes 
 prepped and ready to go on the smoker...country ribs for burnt ends 
 whos not watching the super bowl today and wants to smoke some joints
 wish i could smoke a cigar with clint eastwood  sylvester stallone or robert de niro
 pork belly  smoked asada  fish tacos  curried shrimp and vegan chorizo at grapes amp grains in barrington til 5pm. 
 today on the @masterbuilt smoker cheese burgers  and pork tenderloin sliders on fresh ciabatta bread danggood
 super bowl sunday smoke @ kings gate senior living 
 whos tryna smoke a super bowl before the super bowl 
 my view today  tennessee @ great smokey mountains 
 pregame. ribs are on the smoker with applewood. 5 hours until we eat. 
 tgburbank smoked pork and white bean stew  20 hour smoked pork shoulder  sweet potato pure  
 picarones @islaatx purple sweet potato fritters  smoked pork belly  spiced maple chancaca  aji 
 if anything  super bowl sunday is a damn good excuse to smoke some @costco ribs  
 rice but no beans  milk no cereal and weed but no rollies smhhhhh
 getting ready for super bowl 8hour smoked ribs with just an average bottle of red. ribs 
 burnt ends or cheesy brisket travs...cant decide @ sugarfire smokehouse in valley park  mo 
 2017 style so far spend 45 mins blending a smokey eye and meticulously teasing beachy waves  then throw on an old band tee amp beat up boots
 happy nationalweatherpersonsday to all my friends and colleagues @ great smokey mountains 
 gorgeous february day. latergram @ great smokey mountains  gatlinburg 
 whos trying to smoke a super bowl today 
 wings and feather bones getting plenty of smoke for the super bowl party. 
 @satcheljoseph im making jalapeno stuffed smoked chicken thighs
 today. cons woke up with awful cold  scalded my hands with pressure cooker steam  made my blender smoke. pros church was amp hummus is 
 last nights smokey eye motives 
 leg of lamb with garlic and rosemary with hint of hickory smoke for the big game @biggreenegg 
 @rebeccagrants a little smoked peppers wrapped in bacon stuffed with venison sausage and cream cheese gofalcons 
 which competition style slow smoked meat do you start with when ordering our tailgatersbbq 
 the bar im at has a whole hog smoked. this is going to be a good evening.
 south hempstead ny sun feb 5th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 valentines smokey eye  @abhcosmetics modernrenaissance 
 holy smokes  batman check me out  robin    batman robin pixelart xstitch 
 my sister just told my whole family that i smoke weed at the dinner table on super bowl sunday..
 smoke weed 
 i dont have any super bowl plans so it looks like im just going to have a solo smoke sesh 
  bge smoked us an amazing pork butt and some incredible ribs woot delicious bgenation @ 
 for dinner tonight i made smoked tea and tomato soup and roasted jalapeo and chorizo queso 
 we smoke weed 
 ultimate icebreaker do you smoke weed
 lots of vanilla  also lots of smoke  plus oak and caramel. h... xreserve imperial vanilla porter 
 here to smoke that super bowl.
 @funonabundunn naked smokey does not have a black
 beautiful smoke ring.  great job must be deliscous. @cigarchingon @hashtagsmedia @smoothdraws @fatroach72
 beat the sunday dud vibes and come down for the smoke show open mic comedy every first and third sunday of each month @ 420pm  yyj kush
 @funonabundunn i use the smokey palette everyday and have to switch to naked 2 when im adding black
 come smoke super bowls tonight as mike rita hosts stoner sundays were giving away a 
 main course smoked rack of pork w honey chinese mustard glaze superbowlfiesta @ bellas 
 super bowl of weed sunday
 the falcons smoke oregano
 apb looks awkwardly fascist. dont give andy from weeds ultimate power over a police force.
 happy super bowl sunday smokeshop mannyiriarte cigar thebestornothing billboard gentleman 
 what is a super bowl a super big bowl of weed
 heres our super bowl spread queso dip lil smokes pepperoni mushroom and new mexico green chil  
 super bowl sunday  great food   jambalaya   chili   vegetable soup   crock pot cheese dip   burgers   smoked onionsdogs   brownies ......
 its so smokey in here trammell eyes burning. 
 martha stewart making weed jokes might be the best super bowl ad tonight
 well created for the style  drinking a rohrbach iron smoke wheat ale pilot by @rohrbachs @ three meadows   
 so... is it legal to smoke a legarrette blount in texas  i mean @theweirdteacher @nathanstevens
 @gavindawson @gbagnation @1053thefan @1053ss   we went away from the smoker tonight and went kabobs rib eye ste 
 a perfect analogie for the average pot smoker is sour diesel and girl scout cookies as blue dream is to green crack.
 this table will not leave and im just trying to get tacos and smoke.
 holy smokes she killed it 
 holy smokes she killed it pepsihalftime 
 taylors dad smoked a pork butt for 11 hours today so thats by far been the best thing about the super bowl. 
 hickory smoked pulled pork sammys now on sale at hidden acres greenhouse and cafe. come get some 
 now that the super bowl is over its time to smoke a couple super bowls
 or a super bowl of weed 
 my oak smoked chicken and sausage was exceptional tonight. only wish the falcons had won.
 free smoke out on me tonight yall can thank tom brady we getting dumb lifted
 finna go smoke amp make beats looks at location 
 bro  you tryna smoke a super bowl
 the falcons werent the only birds that got smoked during the super bowl. @ southpaw bbq 
 no smoke
 i dont like the way weeds ended  wheres celia hodes
 is catnip weed for cats idgi
 after tonight im going on t break so obviously i have to smoke the rest of my weed tonight 
 students parade from marblehead to the hempstead field after the patriots super bowl victory 
 super bowl sundaze smoke sesh  
 jus finna smoke 
 super bowl made me mad had to smoke a wood
 i dont smoke ciggies. but i sure sat outside for the tea.
 @ryuzojin hi tony i like weed nice to meet you
 only if i can smoke it 
 love chillin w my smokey. so solid 
 three things i learned from tonight  1 brady is goat  2 our cab driver tried to sell us weed 3 pasta salad is incredible when drunk
 interesting. i wonder if marijuana will relieve my vertigo. having menieres is such a bummer. 
 scents of storms provoke spirits up in the flashing clouds smoke wildly sweet 4 the succor divine purple lilacs...  in vestments poetics
 south hempstead ny mon feb 6th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 i kept having weed dreams so i had to get up and smoke and its early and cold
 its burger monday 12 price burgers all day come try the bbq burger @1732meats smoked garlic 
 its burger monday 12 price burgers all day come try the bbq burger @1732meats smoked garlic 
 oh please  bring on the cheese  photo marussia mondaymotivation @ blue smoke 
 holy smokes batman can i get a double tap please  my friend lindsey said this.....  have you 
 friday  february 17th. smoke chambers 10 badges. badges on sale now   link  
 happy monday from me and smokey love you lots @ eastern kentucky 
 no more weed 
  vortex smoke rings on ellen
 avfhome booth 3520 at the nynow show. sultry and smokey yellow and bronze combination. 
 i am near gatlinburg  tennessee...the great smokey mountains must be on fire again today...smoke everywhere you can smell burning
 where the weed at
 @richebloom @kickstarter holy smokes that looks awesome
 making smoked sausages 
 @sarcasticrover and the rogue nasa and smokey bear ones awesome scienceon
 nails  smoke  then library 
 realdeal smoked bbq beef brisket in school food service yeah  we do that too check out that beautiful brisket se 
 im at two js smokehouse in palmyra  va w @finanzinho 
 off today finna smoke my life away
 me omg im still sick how annoying me proceeds to smoke
 5x super bowl champion 4x super bowl mvp 7 super bowl appearences 2x reg season mvp  1 smoke of a wife how do u even argue it goat
 5x super bowl champion 4x super bowl mvp 7 super bowl appearences 2x reg season mvp  1 smoke of a wife how do u even argue it goat
 @senatorsessions mr. senator i please ask you to support medical marijuana cbd. im a sc disabled veteran amp it truly helps my pain lesson
 @jazzyj12 @millbauer shouldve smoked that deer bro
 ribs prepped and ready for the smoker.  6 hours is going to be a long time.  @stumpssmokers bbq ribs 
 im at demos barbecue amp smokehouse in jonesboro  ar 
 hope he hurry up with my red beans and smoke sausage
 who is starting fires on okeechobee i had to turn into smokey the bear and call 911
 @thenickmanzione shouts to @grovestreet2x for the smoked brisket doe
 all i do is smoke now
 what i learned in class today part 3 how to smoke opium and where to find a nice pipe
 @gogreen1lind we support anyone who can be helped by cannabis. we are currently working with several norml chapters to support project22.
 wheatgrass  shot of ginger  pot smoker @ fountain of youth juice bar amp cafe 
 and thats all beads snow @ hemp tent eco boutique 
 you smoke 
  to dislike the kkk when he found out they smoked pot please somebody wake me
 tonight smokin cuban patty melt. flat top seared coarse ground chuck  smoked cheddar amp 
 all smoke signals point to no. 
 south hempstead ny mon feb 6th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 super stoned sunday. was there a game on weed won  superbowlsunday superstoned 
 red beans w smoked turkey necks   sweet cornbread   candied yams amp ghetto koolaid  my mama taught me how to cook  allforbae
 sweet n spicyhoneyhickory n brown sugar wings and hickory smoked pork loin goodeats 
 that 911 call tho its so smokey in here and i have to poo  crazyexgirlfriend 
 wednesdays first prize is an awesome shock top grill amp smoker warm up your brains.  8pm 
 kstate fans booing bragg like weed isnt absolutely integral to surviving four years in the little apple.
  are red  ganja is green  if its not you maybe its maybelline
 omg he traveled and smoked the layup smokey
 omg the cigarette smokesmell is killing me.  the hunt for my own place begins this weekend
 quick get bragg some medical marijuana sunflowershowdown
 its the weed 
 what did he smoke....... omg 
 @erikaharlacher @kylehebert honestly  my crispiness limit for bacon is if i wind up getting that smokey semichoke cough from it
 cleaned  laundry  smoked a blunt  ate good. finna pass out
 about to smoke it down
 we have an awesome lineup of hotties tonight holly smokes 2 drinks wwristband. bulleit whiskey 5. more than 2 dozen girls on tonight
 @billykennymusic come smoke some of this green with me 
 @chaseyerself @caocigars thanks for the smokey welcome
 yeah snoops looking for his weed on tv... so my prof  1231 pm
 @jessfiorentinoo also try the double smoked bacon croissant sandwich i rate it a 910
 campus smells a lot like burnt bagels and weed tonight.
 you are what you smoke  
 where the weed at
 any thoughts on this allnatural weed management naturecide has lots in store for 2017 residex targetspecialty
 amp weed 
 why do yall rt a white girl with blue eyes who does nothing but bold brows and a smokey eye while there is actually talent out there
 red carpet event  the marijuana be lit  red or blue do you as long as you gettin rich 
 regrann from helpingkitties    please donate  repost justbakecakes  this is smokey  a 
 i smoke cannabis because its my anxiety medication. the same way its medication for seizures  
 they stole peoples style. then they ate sex supplements  horny goats weed  extenze  etc. in excess causing them to 
 @keknewsnetwork @sargonofakkad @hugoleroux   th greatest degeneration we call them. look at us pussies  smoking weed  watching porn
 wish someone was up to smoke with ths early
 south hempstead ny tue feb 7th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 bruh im dead ass finna start adding weed into simple recipes. like fucc the oregano and parsley we sprinkling weed in this spaghetti
 @justsomedonkey smokey
 @zellienet evacuated after report of smoke. fire officials are onscene  investigating.
 @thesarafree evacuated after report of smoke. fire officials are onscene  investigating.
 just weed 
 how it smoke  
 @alonpinkas @oritperlov beirut was sunny but kinda smokey too. lots of diesel back then... cigarettes too.
 one show not to be missed this year is smoke on the mountain gospel musical comedy 
 great smokey national park  nationalparks tennessee northcarolina flyfishing fishing outdooradventures 
 @johnnyyoo82 not mr yooso pass it on he is a murdering dea scumbagherb smokerssellers are narcoterrorists f gop fascism very much trump
 great smokey national park  nationalparks tennessee northcarolina flyfishing outdooradventures 
 great smokey national park  guide kevin howell of davidson river outfitters northcarolina flyfishing 
 great smokey national park  rainbow trout flyfishing nationalparks outdooradventures fishing tennessee trout 
 @deishsuzaka @smokey8 i think smokey is 
 great smokey mountain national park  guide kevin howell of davidson river outfitters flyfishing northcarolina 
 aapl at new alltime highs. smoke em if you got em.   lights a cigar   apple
 resisting the urge to smoke a fatass dutch
 my reefers louder than a speaker
 the first batch of back ribs. cooked low and slow in our smoker. kansas style. 
 a treat a thunderstorm  @ great smokey mountains 
 for my rhfamily  theraindropstheraindrops @ great smokey mountains 
 big papi has cigars i need to smoke his and ray lewis 
 @jaclynhill watching johns insta story and im like dont hate on warm brown smokey eye that tutorial is why i bought mac red brickrule 
 we love smokey 
 might smoke a j to mitty collier later tonight
 happy  hempy lunch with @manitobaharvest hemphearts  
 life is short smoke a port @theslumpgod
 day 2 of pebc thinking strategies  spent the morning observing and debriefing 9th grade english class at smokey hi 
 when the smoke is in your eyes  you look so alive.
 no i dont drink wine but i smoke purple grape 
 my reefer louder than a speaker 
 id smoke a j with her
 @pvnkkitty and rapists should be in prison longer than someone arrested for marijuana
 its winter and smokey bayer been highbernating
 first smokey of the dayyyyyyy @ ke  ke in coral springs  fl 
 first smokey of the dayyyyyyy @ ke  ke 
 this is why i smoke 
 thanks sharina hemphill for makeup iamsharinaq  photoshoot @ grambling  louisiana 
 mid mtn smoke break.  420 stoner chemdog prop215 sb420 snowboarding snowsummit @ snow 
 a little smoke session and netflix 
 @f3strut smokey in the news 
 our smokehouse burger has become our most popular @foodeeto menu item. order some bison burgers 
 @jenellromero  marshalls in smokey point by costco it was only 11 
 tonight smoked squash ribwich. smoked acorn squash ribs glazed with morita pepper bbq sauce  
 graeters black raspberry chocolate chip milk stout is now on tap  @ smoke justis 
 gw pharmaceuticals to develop oncology portfolio after cannabis medication shows promising results  via @telebusiness
 yo this cigar is amazing my father the judge. it smokes awesome @fbdr24 
 smokes weed once 
 betsy devos confirmed as education secretary. in unrelated news  smokey the bear has been reported missing amp dapl will proceed. rip earth.
 @jefetx @mattytx82 dont count as brisket unless you got that smoke ring. otherwise you have pot roast. 
 south hempstead ny tue feb 7th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 before | after | smokey eyes  on my beautiful model makeupartistvic   facingbeautystudios 
 kendrick smoked this verse..... blackfriday @ south richmond  virginia 
 lifes short  smoke a port  on a port  in new york
 i want smokey 
 hickory smoked graphite wood floor.  offered in solid or engineered in 4  5  6  7  8 planks. 
 hickory smoked graphite wood floor.  offered in solid or engineered in 4  5  6  7  8 planks. 
 hickory oak smoked wood floor.  offered in solid or engineered in 4  5  6  7  8 planks. 
 @laurajanegrace will u smoke a j with me im super fun and cool
 @absoluteandie this is awesome just need weed and taco bell perfection
 south florida police  school officials discuss medical marijuana concerns at forum in fort lauderdale 
 im out of weed 
 no network for a bit..more 3s.  hemp 32 mccaskey  17. 3 to go..mccaskey  playing 3 2 zone
 fam big worm sent shooters after craig and smokey for 200 he spent more on the shooters than smokey owed him lmaooooo
 lifes short smoke a port. skimask
 @gamecockmbb holy smokes making me a bball fan   go cocks
 maybe we can call them big ben or smokey 
 lmfaoo im dying im watching cops and this lady called the police because someone stole her marijuana plants 
 correction on last goal... @jlalli12 with hemp
  some smokes 
 lifes short smoke a port on a port in new york calculating like a dork
 grano arso orecchiette with smoked lamb sausage  dandelion  smoked garlic and a drizzle of pugliese  extra virgin o 
 the city of henderson passes a 6 month moratorium on retail sale of recreational marijuana growingtesting it is 
 i only smoke that 
 day 2 of 3 hr philosophy class the guy in front of me said he had reversed into a homeless man and smoked him out after.
 the smoke w model mua kyana. fashion magazine photoshoot published photography 
 days off all i do is smoke weed  organize amp clean my apartment 
 i will learn how to do a smokey eye before the year ends 
 gucci smoked shit .... 
 @loudweeddaily a beautiful field of dreams cannabiswellness
 biglittlelies premiere with hbos smokeshow alepombo. one of my favorite neighbors on the red 
 joel is the ganja king of my dreams  santaclaritadiet
 and smoke it all up 
 hello 20s  @ blue smoke sushi lounge 
 lifes to short to smoke shitty weed
 move aside tobacco  kentucky farmers are making the switch to hemp  hemp kentucky america
 omg this episode of thebachelor is nuts ... what is this  6 girls home in one night holy smokes. byee yallll
 @oppositepicks i smoked all my weed up on this years super bowl5 joints up babyjust like 5 super bowl ringspuff  
 watching santaclaritadiet. its like weeds meets zombies. @timothyolyphant is amazing in it.
 if youre not watching santaclaritadiet youre missing out. weeds meets zombies. @netflix is slaying it.
 who are these kids screaming at 10pm what have they smoked
 i will not smoke those  
 if you care about me or my art you will rt my weed makeup
 no more weed smoke  for me 
 coach weedins the goat
 south hempstead ny wed feb 8th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @roanoketimes even the blue ridge marathon party...all those sore athletes had to hang out in a cloud of secondhand smoke @cityofroanoke
 @harrietvwallace @craigweathered @foxnashville smokey curves.
 twitter is like stumbling into a room hosting a dozen arguments  but everyones so deep in the weeds you cant even enjoy the blood sport .
 if you smoke weed u will be hot and move in slow mo  youve now been informed. 
 too early for the fuckery where my weed at bye
 not smoke .. 
 tonight on ham nation. two smoke and solder videos and more.  9 pm est hamradio 
 to smoke weed
 westmoreland co has the most people covered solely by state police hempfield is the states largest muni wo its own police department.
 my pops  joey peluso  joins us for a very special weedsday 3pm et on fb liveask him questions here to be ans 
 im leaving my house early so i can get to work early and smoke a clip before my shift.  mta hmm. nope.
 who smokes weed 
 do you smoke weed 
 come join us for wayback wednesday tonight   music from the 90s2000s at monterreys smoke 
 henderson places 6month moratorium on marijuana sales. details   am720kdwn
 this saturday im performing live with the amazing edyblu at the ivy city smokehouse in dc. 
 how do you do weed
 come join us for wayback wednesday tonight   music from the 90s2000s at monterreys smoke 
 only smokes in the summer. @phatnat17 @gabimauricio13 
 im gon smoke my blunts by my self...... and fo ma self.... @xavierwulf
 finna smoke me up some kale 
 smokey was once neighbor bobbys cat. when bobby was evicted he couldnt take him  so smokey is now my cuddle buddy. 
 new article by alice mead from gw pharma discusses legality of cbd and cannabis @projectcbd @gwph 
 smokey eye  medium foundation coverage  light highlight amp contouring  smokey black with a 
 @mspetdeli smoked pork sammie is the best
 dr. tony butterfield  a @uutah chemical engineering professor   shows off a smoke cannon to the village scholar l 
 el pavo smoked turkey  no. 1 sons rosetido kraut  sharp cheddar  mayo on a zaatar bagel. its 
 is marijuana bad for you lunch table discussion
 or smoke me out . 
 a yellow light  is more like speed up so you dont get smoked by a red light rather than slow down nowadays.
 bees knees cocktail. dd gin  smoked honey @q39kc kc kcmo kcbbq ginstagram deathsdoorgin 
 light speed  blazin chronic through the galaxy  hydro  doja  chocolate thai weed  or we might be sippin on gin or hennessey  
 and i bet smokey bear shows up 
 daniel hemric smokey mountain herbal stuff 21 rcr nxs chevy for 2017. nascar 
 staycation beefeater 24  homemade smoked pepper vodka  cocchi americano  amaro nonino  black walnut bitters  blood 
 i love smokey eyes 
 carolina pulled pork sandwich and cheesy grits @ sugarfire smoke house 
 todays special our naked pulled pork sandwich 7oz of delicious slow smoked pork on a 
 @cooperroisin yes. everyone safe.  smoke smell no bueno.
 @lordford dammit not donny. smokey classic
 @globalnews where theres smoke. . . 
 brown matte smokey eyes are just kind of my thing
 just weed 
 @senatorann @repfreiberg  i support the proposed bill to legalize marijuana in mn. huge rural employment and tax revenue opportunity.
 interesting @freightfarms panel at sww17 including discussion of potential for the iot tech in legal marijuana mar 
 green smoothie with spinach  banana  frozen pineapple and hemp seeds. drinkyourgreens vegan glow 
 when me and alana sour on weed maps 
 here at @lacumbrebrewing chili con queso pretzel burger sliders in the menu today ... smoked 
 holy smokes spankys shenanigans happy hour  feat. ted garber on taco thursday is back  no 
 tonights feature fillet mignon with with double smoked bacon  fingerling in a asiago ragu @ the 
 south hempstead ny wed feb 8th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @brynnesational his name is troyand he also offered me to smoke w him
 short smoke break a paul garmirian 15th anniversary short robusto i found while i was in the 
 kathleen lights purple smokey eye using affordable drugstore cosmetics.httpst.cozadwvhpeh6 enjoy 
 testing out @marcbeauty highliner in earthquake smudged it out to a smokey eye thanks @influenster for sending thi 
 @beautyofweed peace  tranquility  pain relief.... cannabiswellness
 its wingwednesday at @meatings come by and try our smoked wings with a pint of 
 for the love of peace  health  liberty  and freedom make an executive order to reschedule cannabis today@realdonaldtrump @deahq @nro
 terror immigrationban refugees france masa maga passengers evacuated from smokefilled station in paris 
 nah. me  weed  and gin.  
 betterpopgroupnames the mane smokers   resist   notmypresident   trumptrain   maga   trumpputin   trumpleaks 
 them all you do is smoke  me 
 significant smoke mellows out. no alcohol burn. light bodied. goes great with blue... sue  photo
 lets stay up late and smoke a j
 san bernadino  come smoke one at the taco sesh  
 get ready @gcschools high school students. realdeal smoked st louis style bbq ribs and long stem strawberries for 
 stock up on the weed while you can  bernie bros. and thanks again copolitics sessions 
 bye to progress on legalization of marijuana. hello to disproportionate arrests of minorities for using drugs at th 
 nevada official eyes summer launch of recreational marijuana 
 grabbing some smoked brisket. @ handsome hog in st. paul  mn 
 caution food post grilled pork chops  smoked basmati rice  and spaghetti squash. delish 
 baby eggplant  scallions  olive oil and smoked herbs d provence salt  home grown tomatoes  goat 
 you may have seen the smoke yesterday. tonight  the 1million dollars this business lost and what the owner is say 
 the weed  
 jason zucker smokes one into corey crawford who is noticeably fighting the puck tonight.
 can we discuss @matchbox369 fire and smoke anyone fans self
 love smokey eyes @ village of washingtonville 
 he said he liked the kkk til he learned they smoked marijuana and then said decent people dont smoke pot. 3 stri 
 dinner. green pizza with smoked sausage  roast radicchio and arugula 
 and i have no weed
  weed 
 porknowsweeps smoked a 8 bone pork rack it was delicious with wild rice and roasted potatoes 
  i never met you til saturday at chads party but you smoked a j with me and didnt even know me so good looks a on that ill hyu
 i am smoke
 about to smoke 
 @hammeltime39 ill smoke some ribs and brisket in my backyard this summer for you. welcome to kc
 @clearwaymn wondering what the official clearway mn position on recreational marijuana is
 smoke smoke smoke
 shaggy this isnt weed 
 @siusview i was watching too much smokey and the bandit. 
 where the weed at
 both  mostly smoker 
 @therobdyke have you read smoke gets in your eyes and other lessons from the crematory by @thegooddeath  if not  do  youll enjoy it.
 dinner 29 smoked ribs  salad  and twice baked purple sweet potato whole30 ribs smokedmeats 
 there isnt any weed in my house 
 @bbcadnan @rlisternews sessions once joked  he liked the kkk til he found out some members smoked pot. racism 
 note to self... never eat cornbread after you smoke
 bout to smoke this mini j
 amusebouche for tuesdays dinner with @amihoexperience and fieldworkbrewingco smoked jicama 
 finna smoke
 lifes short smoke a port on a port in new york.
 @bicyclingmag @gooeyrabinski whats next the weedwatch legalizeit @highergtv 
 blowin smoke is now foa limited time  the malts smoked by @opsecbbq 
 you got knocked the fuck out man in the smokey voice from friday 
 nevada official eyes summer launch of recreational marijuana 8nn 
 it be that weed 
 my momma made cabbage  smoked sausage amp potatoes yesterday ampampampamp cornbread  omg finna smash this lil plate
 an amazing plate of food kpaulslouisianakitchen paneed veal with a smokey creamy lobster creole 
 smoke weed
  to smoke
 jason bourne snaps more necks per month than charlie sheen smokes grams of rock
 @the420radioshow they are leaps amp bounds ahead of us on this. cannabiswellness
 official autopsy shows there was marijuana in his system thug 
 if a student smokes pot  should they be considered unsuccessful amp not a scholar
 tbt to that time donger913 and i rode to work  nearly chocked on coffee smoke and then had to 
 armando martinez is making pozole  this is the smoked pork that he is going to use  come get some  lol 
 armando is making pozole  this is the smoked pork that he is going to use  come get some  lol 
 @shakeshack how am i supposed to order a shack burger ahead when thats not even an option on your app did smoke shack take its place
 all i do is smoke weed
 @freebeacon she must smokem peace pipe with lieawatha 
 is that smoke  
 @johnharper holy smokes that is awesome.
 @usccarolinanews yes we cannabis
 holy smokes  only 10 more days until i get to make party with @atmosphere in tucson. roadtrip
 it begins tonight have fun smoke smokewillrise 
 lifes short smoke a port
 i think im done not smoking  life too short and niggas too annoying where the weed at
 @valenars @princeofdew @sexyplant smoking weed and watching porn
 had a great lunch at @waterworkstal  with the tallahassee lunch club. the chili burger and smoked collards were . 
 i live for a purpelypinky smokey eye
 @realdonaldtrump @senatorsessions  who thought the klu klux klan was  quote  ok until i found out they smoked pot called naacp unamerican
 @jesus pot weed green mary jane good notevil buds buddy buddies smoke herb green eat green bongs alchemy
 @jesus pot weed green mary jane good notevil buds buddy buddies smoke herb green eat green bongs alchemy
 i have weed 
 roycooperpresidenttrump will end marijuana prohibition in northcarolina together 
 dont get on the freeway from smokey point to marysville its stopped bc a semi went off the road
 survey finds most police officers support medical marijuana  
 in honor of nationalpizzaday... today we present to you our hickory smoked pork belly  pesto  
 sharper than a shank nd my marijuana stank
 hickory smoked spare ribs. smokedribs bbq hickorywood redhotandblue @ red hot amp blue  fairfax 
 let me scoop ya up and smoke a j with you
 on this snowy day  time for a giant pot of @twgteaofficial smokey earl grey tea  yummy 
 this and some weed 
 tbt to that time i did a music video for the legendary smokey robinson. goodtimes dancelife 
 jason rosen @theroser  of smoke season shredding this past monday 
 8 addition tea smoked tequila soaked sweets  foodflock 
 lunch meeting at samovar tea lounge. had the smoked duck jook  which was bomb af  paired with 
 interview by late bob abrahamian of smokey amp glen ross about curtoms loves children  @soulsourcenews @soullegends
 south hempstead ny thu feb 9th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 we were honored to serve the legendary jack clifford of @foodnetwork some slow smoked @calicomfort bbq today 
 smoke weed 
 beautiful hunter sausage ready for the smoker @catalystcam by chefbrooksy snowday sausageparty 
 @vllllb 2. red smokey eyes should be more popular
 where the weed at 
 listening to @keatonhensonkh   watching the smoke from the inscent flare up and kiss my ceiling  i felt intangible
 @triplestunned whos jason his gf on phone our weed dealer. lmmmaaaooo
 @joselinekellyx @xoxoashleyadams beautiful red bikini and panties joseline i smoke to
 i heard smoking unfiltered menthols was bad  so now i just smoke unfiltered
 and i smoke weed. 
 tomorrow my friday cocktail will involve smoked mezcal.
 what you smoke 
 @taylorzhante @olefoolahhh @trilljas and the weed and the fun and the luuuuv
 practices eyeliner can be tonights smokey eye if you work hard enough and thats my life motto
 the weed here is spectacular
 loving this black and gold shimmer cocktail dress at hemptonsretro  should i @ hemptons retro 
 appreciate all the love @bestfoodsdg   racks on racks of slow smoked cali bbq. whos hungry  calicomfortbbq 
 on the menu tonight cumin beef terrine  sichuan egg noodles  smoked pork broth. ubdinner @ 
 where the weed at
 smokey pork posole rojo  with guajillo  ancho  hominy  radish  avocado  smokey pork  and 
 definitely want to smoke some bowls and do some art tonight after this shower.
 @420 need some rolling trays or weed tables look no further 
 @jugdesh1 lift is a cannabis news source they arent responsible for the bill  they are reposting on it.
 @zakftnyr my late  great uncle lived in rockville centre  had an office  and owned a lot of real estate in hempstead.
 look what i just went to the smoke shop and bought finna get super high 
 i watched kid cannabis today on netflix  def good lesson on idaho history  loved it
 holy smokes twc rightfully being sued by riot games and netflix for sucking.
 st. louis style bbq ribs smoked in house with triple fries served on a picnic table. 
 i have no weed
 @iansmadison ianspizza smoked brisket amp tots pizza 
 @usashero6 @harlydogg @jackpmoore oh my god  seriously  smoke a joint. no one hates you because your gay. i dont know you to hate you.
 @harlydogg @usashero6 @netflix @jackpmoore what netflix or my cannabis company
 @harlydogg @usashero6 @netflix @jackpmoore what netflix or my cannabis company
 pine cone smoked duck breast  dry aged and koji cured with a 4 month black rice miso glaze  
 holy smokes  look at @rosie new profile pic. this is awesome 
 mildly manageable and pleasant.  drinking a dank amp sticky by @thehopconcept @ smoke eaters   
 pine cone smoked duck breast  from @bradkilgore for his collaboration with @chefryanpoli of the catbird seat 
 smokes weed once 
 so bitter almost like drinking pine sol i love it  drinking a dank amp sticky @ smoke eaters  
 moderate. pleasant. not a big bite to it.  drinking a hazy train by @fieldworkbrewco @ smoke eaters   
 @emilykonold1 smokey  he has leukaemia
 sky is crystal clear tonight everything is silent can only hear the wind but so chilly.ill smoke a cig with my lonesome self and the stars.
 and weed 
 omg smoker is tonight amp i cant contain myself pray for me
 sugarfire smokehouse  sweet baby cheesus 
 sugarfire smokehouse  sweet baby cheesus 
 holy smokes my eyes are so blue today
 @stlouisblues @tara9191 game winner tomatillo smoked n pulled chicken sandwich onion ring  provolone  lettuce n t 
 @airlivenet holy smoke
 no more weed for awhile after this weekend
 its friday .. smoke some dope
 thanks for telling me  but unfortunately ion smoke 
 amp weed 
 when the smoke hit your eyes 
 @lnorton @kevinjsanders @almightybam lee what you smoke this morning
 .@skilletrustic lived up to the hype. duck confit and andouille sausage omelette  cheese blintzes  smoked ham  and 
 yummmmmm bbq to go makes for a good friday  @ smokehouse 52 bbq 
 my squaw smoked a nice south alabama buck. @southernboyzzz @geraldswindle @wademiddleton 
 that time i sang with smokey robinson and berry gordy. watch the gershwinprize concert tonight on pbs. 
 @orcrist86 that would be good  but im going beansoupier with onion  carrot  celery  liquid smoke  sazon con culantro.
 state officials  bankers and cannabis industry stakeholders packing the house today at the 
 need a new backwood buddy j dont smoke no mo
 happy groundhog day michelle vanselous gallery amp salon is now featuring a handful of hempz 
 the right way to enjoy a friday  @ smoke shack bbq 
 watch smokey robinson receive the library of congress gershwin prize on tonight on @pbs at 98c 
 thanks to marijuana alcohol abuse is disappearing at a steady rate. bars are closing while pot shops are thriving. toke on.
 pork on the smoker cooking slow for the valentines banquet lcc tonight at 630pm. free and 
 makeup fashion weed money amp tattoos
 silly hat standup welcomes all silly hats  including smoke alarms @thommahoney 
  today amp tomorrows entre   crab stuffed shrimp wrapped in bacon or smoked peppercorn strip loin  add a bottle o 
 no offense pero when seoras try to do smokey eye it looks like they got punched in the eyes
 up in smoke.
 we smoke to fetty sing zoowop
 eyes are like the smoke you.. linger on me   you got me so high i can.. finally breathe
 kansas is attempting to legalize marijuana in order to makeup their budget deficit
 @atrout920   im more talking about the strategy of evil statists ...  trump wants pharma concessions  pharma hates legal weed.
 this months classes perfect lip and essential smokey eye. next month contour amp highlight and flawless foundation  i love my job.
 looks light  tastes heavier and noses smokey  with a smokey finish through the... gratzer  photo
 alessio just smoked a dorito crumb out of the rig
 @nwskeywest the clouds look awfully smokey over the lower keys. are there any reports of fires out of the everglades
 ganja queens tonite at @461churchstreet 9 pm onward. come early to get your seat @ cannabis 
 where there is smoke  there is . 
 yak burger with sweet amp smokey bacon amp chipotle aioli and cookie dough shakebest 34 i ever spent. omg  
 tonights special @taqueriahorsham mole dan dan noodles w mole pipian   smoked pork shoulder  
 purple smokey eye today since i always do brown eyeshadow looks lol 
 blue smokey eye 
 i guess todays finna be my last day to smoke for awhile.
 vanessa has an interesting relationship with pork @ haywood smokehouse  waynesville 
 new taplines have us rolling 14 deep including new brews grodziskie smoked wheat  giantsbane 2x stout amp the returns 
 @daneggenwpost smoke screen  they will prob spring a new eo this weekend
 always happy to see our friend @kassimosgood81 stop by @calicomfort from some slow smoked bbq...walchef... 
 having a smoke and watching stranger things with talan has been my highlight.
 what did she smoke 
 @fudalll @thefrozencanuck yeah i think thats our cat smokey it looks just like him 
 drinking a smoke on the port by @jailbreakbrewco at @jailbreakbrewco  
 friday night @ 800 pm me jasae lets drink her no  me jasae lets smoke her no me 
 woods stank  but the way they smoke smoothhhhh 
 goals tonight  smoke with ezale on the stage 
 @teaellepea1 @maqaiti i just had the most delicious big smoke burger at the big smoke burger at the rideau centre dining hall lol
 and smoke sausage and potatoes 
 this isnt nam  smokey  therere rules 
 now on pbs smokey robinson the library of congress gershwin prize for popular song wsamuel l jackson hosting. tune in
 about to smoke 
 baaaa rosemary and mint panko crusted lamb chops  smoked gruyere whipped potatoes  lemon 
 this is music smokey truly is a living legend gershwinprize
 watching the smokey robinson gershwin prize. ive recognized just 2 of the performers. was impressed by 1. he deserves better. whoareyou
 @topflightsmokey smokey i done found ya dream 
 my mom keeps going on about smokey robinsons eyes someone help what do i do
 gershwin prize to smokey robinson on pbs.  great show
 balsamic glazed braised @cheshirepork shanks with smoked pork amp veal demi over polenta. foodfanatics  
 im finna smoke 17 grams tonight  
 eye spy with my little eye a duck hiding in the weeds 
 bart smokey smokey
  just a lil smokey eye by me 
 i love smokey robinson with all my but i sure wish he hadnt had all that surgery. poor man can hardly smile. gershwinprize
 cigarkings cigarqueens botl sotl lotl smokem if you gotem. 
 sing it... smokey  mygirl   
 can the weed smoke me tonight 
 amp smoke 
 can i just smoke my bowl in peace
 molten  smoked chocolate cake with house made marshmallow with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream 
 compost tea grown mixed light greenhouse is one our favorite kinds of weed whats yours
 this smokey robinson gershwin prize special on @pbs is interesting. i dont see anybody with soul actually honoring him. 
 lifes short smoke a port on a porch...
 i havent smoked in awhile but tonight i just might blow something.
 i  weed
 bts earlier today creating bold smoke with my new @marcbeauty marc jacobs beauty highliner 
 bts earlier today creating bold smoke with my new @marcbeauty marc jacobs beauty highliner 
 eyes or lips  it does it all from bold smoke  clasy red lip  the new @marcbeauty marc 
 this isnt nam  smokey  there are rules.
 straight hair. my hair is starting to do an effect where the brown fades into a smokey blue and 
 smoke smoke  smoke weed weed  weed.
 if i smoked today solo solo would you blame me thats a rhetorical question. the fux given are nil 
 guess who finna smoke phat tonight  @babygirljovanaa @kaarluhx 
 betty wright  ojays  luther  temptations  commodores  anita baker  chaka  smokey  lionel  barry 
 im on this drink im on this smoke im going super crip tonight
 its 200 amp im just now about to smoke
  top 10  trends over the past 24 hours   what is a pangolin  smokey robinson  myles garrett  2017211 0204 cst
 my eyes from all that smoke
 up in smoke 
  smokey robinson  myles garrett  batman lego movie  the great wall  mike ilitch  eclipse 2017  danielle bregoli  2017211 0504 cst
 730am makeup gigs. smokey eyes and red lips all day long. this will not be enough coffee. 
 u took this picture at www hours of the morning. full moon over the smokey mountains 
 also screw drinking tonight but i will smoke
 south hempstead ny sat feb 11th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
  smokey robinson  myles garrett  batman lego movie  mike ilitch  the great wall  eclipse 2017  danielle bregoli  2017211 0804 cst
 do you smoke with your
 this was the super plate that went with our super bowl last sunday. venison sausage  smoked 
 damn smokey and the bandit. thats cold. 
 before heading back to nc  i will visit my fave neighborhood store @nwsmokehaus @visitduluth for smoked fish 
 this is a smoke and mirrors data point.  who defines suspect rhetorical. theresistance 
 these ribs are headed to the smoker were celebrating mikes 50th birthday  today  
 bring on the beignets  photo niniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii brunchgoals @ blue smoke 
 this might be a weed and netflix day
 saturdays special smoked cajun chicken w red beans and rice 7.99 @ fox hollow golf course 
 @rileyreidx3 @madonna @madonnaillumin @nanaritamarley one draw dj magic d aka smokey da hills farmer 
 the pacific coast booth has a interesting smoked fish and goat cheese dip. adding that to the list of must trys 
 it looks like i lowkey have a smokey eye thing goin but really i just smudged my eyeliner
 kbc bbq sando toasted bun stacked with brisket  smoked sausage  pulled pork  slaw  pickles  
 im feeling smokey  
 theres a smokey and the bandit marathon on today 
 if i was a smoker id enjoy cats a lot more
  dossier  what is a pangolin  smokey robinson  myles garrett  batman lego movie  the great wall  mike ilitch  2017211 1104 cst
 red smoke  
 aaaaand nooow  the smokey jalapeo popper burger  with @jaiydawoof 
 yarn and handicrafts of the smokey mountians  
 we are at sammys game amp the dude in front of us has a stash of weed amp im getting a contact high rn.
 lunch and picking up some robs for the smoker at @publix in irmo  sc w @ginjaninja219 
 looking for an easy  heat amp eat meal try one of our smoked stuffed chickens easymeals 
 @sarahuccio @officialnhie @thekingbrand420 if it makes ur weed last longer  why isnt she high because she is just showing her weed
 burgundy smokey eye on thealiciabarnett for @hornokplease hallmarq nyfw fw17 backstage 
 postyourquenn weed.
 when at @stlmardigras with the head smoker of @sugarfiresmoke  eat ribs bbq ribs stl @ 
 my uber reeks of marijuana and is blaring gucci mane. incredible
 luvin  carrot salad with tahini dressing  hemp seeds from @amymcree  livewell 
 lyfe h@ck dont wash your mascara off in the shower  come on out and there u have it the smokey eye look
 police report 92yearold rubye james was brutally slain over 70 for marijuana.  
 how horrific police report rubye james brutally slain over 70 for marijuana 
 nice berry flavor  but not too sweet. i even get a little bacon smoke in... berry belgian waffle 
 @rangersw4tp @mikethestoner1 @crazybatmanfan @eriic419 @jena4n @hazyhigh  when they say weed is for me....  
 high off weed and lots of gin
 anyone tryna get some food within 10minutes in smokey point
 covers up black eye by turning it into a black smokey eyeshadow look 
  saturday night live  edward snowden  anna nicole  dossier  what is a pangolin  smokey robinson  myles garrett  2017211 1404 cst
 f is for fendi party was too wavy i met tyler and fake teared up eyes got watery but i held it down and i almost smoked some nigga in there
 yesterdays pork riblets with @meatchurch dia de la fajita rub  it was a all day smoke 
 @morphebrushes 35o for an all over warm smokey look quick and easy     eyeshadow 
 why is catnip legal but weed isnt if my cat can get high  so can i
 supervisors to discuss marijuana regulations 
 tune in to @tcnewstalk am1130 at 5pm for capitol roundup. medical cannabis amp more. @nickzerwas tcnt capitolroundup
 theres something so charming about burt reynolds in smokey amp the bandit 
 holy smoke batman  drinking a smoked porter by @stonecellar at @stonecellar   
 james charles is a great mua but i would appreciate if he would do something other than a burgundy toned smokey eye tutorial
 my 1 100th checkin ... is awesome  drinking a special smoked porter at @kinneycreekbrew   photo
 checked in automatically with the uber checkin app  at @rallysportsbar  smokehouse 
 beautiful day outside to smoke
 south hempstead ny sat feb 11th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 its not a homeless person on the black box outside of blue smoke in nyc. but wormy the cat 
 two peas in a pod @ smokey mountains 
  saturday night live  edward snowden  anna nicole  dossier  what is a pangolin  smokey robinson  2017211 1704 cst
   food porn alert    tonights hog plate... smoothered smoked pork tenderloin w sherry 
 acid on me like the rain  weed crumbles into glitter.
 brisket success.  decent smoke ring  pull about tender.  @biggreencraig @bgbrotherhood @drbbq @bigcheftimmy 
 spatchcock chicken  homemade rub  offset vertical smoker  super tastiness 
 drinking a hazy train by @fieldworkbrewco @ smoke eaters  
 drinking a haze faze by @tapitbrewing @ smoke eaters  
 also i think our cat is high. mostly because it reeks of weed in the apartment. heres looking at you upstairs neighbors
  @ smokey point chapel in marysville  wa 
 not only is everything garbage buuuuuuuuuuut i also dont get to smoke @ all tonight 
 the toughest place to smoke weed in nyc 
 omg they selling weed on this episode of bobs burger  
 ultimate goal is to grow hella weed live off my own land with my little farm animals and style  shoot awesome sets that i direct 
 im the official backup speaker for @tedxstanleypark on march 4th holy smokes lots of work 
 i have added shrimp scampi over parmesan amp herb grits and spicy creole shrimp over smokey cheddar amp bacon grits to my regular menu. bless.
 i gots to have on that rondo wit the smoke shield 
 tgirvine smoked st.louis pork ribs pear bbq sauce butternut squash hush puppies fresno chili 
 im trippin i just smoked a 7th early 
 @billmaher at your show... can we please smoke a j togerher tonight... on me... life long fan  and not a fucking dumb american.
 i havent done my makeup in a week and im really feelin a brown smokey eye
 my grandma smoked my dank stash
 looks like were having pork ribs for dinner wildboar bbq @ smoke 
 whos down to smoke some weed
 fay fay pull up to smoke and barrel tonight. wild night ahead im sure  
 how we feel about being overall champs for greek sing holy smokes  @ kentucky alpha phi 
 we shot this engagement shoot with smoke bombs and holy shit it looks so good
 runway american dream strongbeermonth2017 strongbeermonth @ smokestack at magnolia brewing 
 @mattyruger hi thanks for weed friend
 uk set for cannabis boom as gw pharma storms ahead  
 i have a soft spot for cookies n cream @dippindots  @ smokey mountains 
 what he smoke 
 the smoke that produced the all you can eat ribs. bigedsbarbeque @ big eds bbq 
 smoke more weed.  
 seriously mentalhealthified mentalhealthnewsradio mhnr mhnrnetwork @ smokey mountains north 
 have you ever closed your eyes and just listened to smokey robinson sing
 santa cruz is about the weed  hila klein 2017
 charlie  the concentrated cannabis collector
 we are why we smoke
 shred squad  @ smokey mountains 
 matt tremont hits the ring post match and beats down janela. penelope ford runs out with a weedwacker czw eighteen
 3rd show in 3 nights. michael ray tonight. michaelray mexicanthatlikescountry @ joes on weed st. 
 no more weed for awhile 
 todays burger was so lit. im going to crave it again after i smoke.
 finna smoke this blunt
 this weed
 and smoke some weed 
 they really burnt all that weed
 no weed 
 hello weed is good
 smoking weed gives u schizophrenia i learned tonight
 alana with weed 
 they need make another friday with smokey amp dada on it together
 blowin smoke on a saturday night @kylarae14
 this why i smoke weed
 whos down to smoke with me tonight lmao
 kentucky bound to see blackberry smoke so glad you loved your gift @cmuncastermusic 
 starbuckshack mix smoked butterscotch and mocha syrups to make your drink taste like a twix. add caramel drizz for full effect ur welcome
 oh the places we go.... @ smokey mountains north carolina  
 .@gwpharma uk set for cannabis boom as gw pharma storms ahead  
 our podcasters on mhnrnetwork mentalhealthnewsradio mentalhealthified @ smokey mountains 
 south hempstead ny sun feb 12th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 smokin weed amp eating waffles on this beautiful sunday morning   really couldnt ask for anything else right now 
 sunny sunday ahead  but road closure on state road 40 due to smoke from a prescribed burn 
 pork shoulder is on the smoker  dinner should be ready in 12 hours.
 up in smoke  up in smoke
 smokey amp smokestack phillynefl cityofbrotherlylove @ dalys irish pub 
 enjoying the view while driving through the great smokey mountains
 can we do a throwback on a sunday holy smokes theyre all so young  
 whats there to do on a sunday coffee and smokes xd
 dinners cooking...red beans with fresh smoked sausage...yummy relaxingsunday @ country club 
  apple supports medical marijuana  
 obscure grape silvaner produces mostly dry wines with pronounced earthiness  minerality and subtle smoke aromas.  
 obscure grape silvaner produces mostly dry wines with pronounced earthiness  minerality and subtle smoke aromas.  
 holy smokes  only @wellsfargo can make a simple task overly complicated and impossible. bankinglaststraw  lookingfornewbank
 @tbfinney wait a minute isnt a smoke and coffee breakfast
 where the weed at
 holy smokes @rosenbergsbagel  these bagels are a spiritual experience thanks so much 
 or just smoke outside my gosh its beautiful today
 kermie hasnt smoked in awhile. @thcvibes420  those sirens make him very paranoid. 
 about to start the giveaway for the weed stash zipper pouch dallas 
 to win the weed stash zipper pouch rt my  and we will pick a random winner by 6 pm tonight must be following me amp 
 im finna smoke smh.
 no more parties just weed and netflix
 a beautiful day to smoke marijuana outside
 tonight at 7pm come play gilmoregirlstrivia at @smokeybonesbar taunton @ smokey bones bar amp 
 Tuscaloosa: AL to Ruston: LA
 yesterdays eyeliner can be todays smokey eye if you believe in 
 sarah got me @ great smokey mountains 
 where the weed at 
 some of our smoked brisket in eggrollmpls awesome pho serving up different versions every 
 front label of new packaging for our hemp burger amp hemp burger crumbles. getting ramped up for our new local grocer 
 front label of new packaging for our hemp burger amp hemp burger crumbles. getting ramped up for our new local grocery account @alfalfasmarket
 front label of new packaging for our hemp burger amp hemp burger crumbles. getting ramped up for our new local grocer 
 why we  smoke 
 find weedclub select at harvest shops in san francisco @harvestshops 
 big up big smokey 
 wanted to smoke  mayb later
 i would have too. smokey had my 100  and craig had just got his check yesterday. they playing with me. 
 new music video out now dj smokey  blessed never stressed official music video by @positivepabs check it out r 
 stuffed  tied and hung up to smoke 150 pounds of venisonpork sausage with my old high school classmates.  good tim 
 all prayers to her family. but why do we lock up people who sell weed for 20 years but allow rapist free after 3mon 
 patricias pop up is going down right now @abbeybrewingmia enjoying smoked duck with a homemade 
 just realized if i marry again  i can be someones lawfully weeded wife 
 boozey bacon @whitestarbar  if youre looking for a smokey  warm  strong drink... youre 
 bluehens downed @hofstrawbb 7356 in hempstead on jan. 15 behind 24 pts12 reboundsby @nicole33. @delawarewbb cahoops
 thingspeoplesaywhentheyrehigh  weed covered weed is the best.  thingslorettasays thingsthicksays camhouselife
 @dyingvirgin beef ribs. pork ribs. brown sugar. brisket. smoked. are we barbecuing or grilling
 south hempstead ny sun feb 12th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 sunday smoke day cigar cigarsmoker dominicanrepublic @ das haus 
 cosmo and smokey at tanagra. cats @ brownstown twp  michigan 
 tune in tonight at 7 pm to   kuafradio to hear smokey and the 
 holy smokes does @kristincav ever look amazing makeuphairlook on point eredcarpet @eentertainment grammys
 so how did it smoke  
 talking fordf150s  firearms  smoked cheeses  a great sunday. awesome afternoon with my new 
 @jmbreen101 @bijancbayne @edbarkowitz @philliesviews smoke bomb thrown at dick allen phillysjackierobinson 
 the smoked andouille sausage from @cloveandhoof is delicious  but the lamb ones are like crack 
 i need to smoke a couple js with @madflavor once in my lifetime
 got weed in my shroom tea
 purple weed and thick latinas 2017
 sour weed and petite bitches 2017
 this is incredibly dry with a light mouthfeel. there is a little smokey amp chocola... irish stout 
 @lolkalli fentcarfent isnt just in heroin here  its in cocaine  mdmax  oxyperc  any street press  and its ended up in weed amp thc caps
 health officials face criticism over medical cannabis rules cannabis4pain marijuana  
 i am the white version of smokey from friday...........
 u smoke that purple lettuce
 @mikeljollett any spotlight on @drjillstein  all expense paid trip to kremlin in 2015  sat w flynn putin then auditthevote smokescreen
 training. @ smokey mountains north carolina 
 purple drink  i still sip. purple weed blunt still lit
 i first read this as bagel of weed 
 main course... shrimpandgrits with andouille and smoked country grits. kitchenistasundays 
 crushable  drinking a retro grouch by @bikedogbrewing @ smoke eaters   
 drinking a supercell by @fieldworkbrewco @ smoke eaters  
 drinking a tank 230 by @bikedogbrewing @ smoke eaters  
 looking for names   pink moss isnt taken or green weed they go  hand and hand with blue ivy
 if everything works out...going to the smokey mountains for a relaxing spring break with @brookenelson05 and 
 teddy got this kitchen so smokey my eyes is burning
 purple smoke in the airrr
 mane where the weed at
 when the smoke is in your eyes  you look so alive.
 soft smokey eye  
 did he smoke weed
 this weed literally tastes like the green sour skittle omg
 thank you @pennstatefball for teaching me sweet caroline  and chain smokers we were able to sing along
 even though my queen didnt win a grammy tonight....at the end of the day... her smokey eye slayed every single pers 
 finna smoke amp gts.
 finna smoke amp gts..
 that smokey eye tho 
 holy smokes  i turned 20 today. @ empire slice house 
 @amelancon89 lesson learned dont smoke inside when parents are home 
 you know whats nearly impossible to overdose on marijuana.  heroin overdoses spike in louisville @cnn 
 to smoke or not to smoke
 to win the weed stash zipper pouch rt my  and we will pick a random winner tomorrow must be following me amp 
 landscape with color pigments and weeds. @ phoenix institute of contemporary art phica 
 all he do is smoke 
 purple weed  purple drank  purple heart sargent. im the best rapper in the game no arguing.
 ca cannabis in a turbulent time  on tues  feb. 14  at 130 pm  room 2040  state capitol  sac  sf  @ilikemike
 smoke smoke smoke
 every night misty talks in her sleep and tonight she said  that looks like some dense weed
 why i just find weed. at some table i sat at
 lets stay up late and smoke a j
 hi this is snapchat and i just wanted ask why is its so fun to cut and past weed nugs everywhere
 watchingg that episode where tina  louise  and gene accidentally sell weed for these two blueberry farmers.
 the wind is wild tonight. holy smokes
  is what i smoke
 @sarahksilverman weed will also  sparingly  be involved. writing and production
 im damn near finna smoke
 smokes weed once 
 420 no weed
 and smoke weed 
 heres a look at the situation from i80. you can see the smoke in the distance. issue at 24th south amp highland. 
 vegan curry goat  ganja roots and health healing detroit metro area one meal at a time 
 front smokey the bandit back brisket with tater tots ianspizza pizzaheaven @ ians pizza 
 this friday  feb  17th smoke chambers. hosted by @vindanko  10 badges gets you into the show amp after party 
 21317 todays special 1 12 turkeycheddar artisan sandwich on multigrain served w a cup of smokey pork amp p 
 @diecastfans do you have smokey yenko 66 chevelle
 hi  my name is a. mcklveen an im addicted to errrrythang.. fast cars  bad bitches  weed amp promethazine gucci
 excision  illenium  alison wonderland  zomboy  ganja white night  odesza  bassnectar  ghastly  slushii  dillon fran 
 not for kids  new labels required on marijuana edibles starting tuesday  waleg
 i have no idea how this state patrolman didnt realize i just smoked a blunt me n my chink eyes almost gave myself away omg omg
 @mckennamarie22 smoke the burger joint 
 finna smoke one
 all i do is smoke weed
 im at two js smokehouse in palmyra  va 
 to smoke or not to smoke 
 nick saban responds to lester cottons arrest friday on marijuana charges. 
 omg  you are an amazing police officer you smelled weed and took charge... too bad about the violent crimes going on while you did that...
 why did i smoke 
 @catsuitfan looks amazing. so hot in smokey black latex.
 this smoked mortadella sandwich will be the entree of tonights tv dinner. itll be served with 
 recipe testing whole smoked pheasant for @fieldandstream bluesmoke ushg wildgame bbq 
 you know this mannnnnnnnn  smokey voice  
 tonight special edition register2smoke on smokesessionradio @ smoke session 
 where there is smoke.... 
 i only smoke weed 
 me to weed  
 holy smokes batman  talk about a saturday lineup 
 so what we smoke weed
 today was scented with sea salt and smoke from the beachside forest breezing through  creating a 
 5 things you should do for your eyes in your 20s hargraveeyecenter @millennialeye dont smoke  eye exams  keep s 
 @jhall7news @7news whats he respected for his ability to hold his liquor well thats shot to hell now. good lesson for kids. smoke weed
 certifeyecomp smokey and colorful@certifeyetweet 
  on smoke 
 me when that smoke burning my eyes  
 the only candy i can eat is crystalized ginger  the only makeup i can wear is smokey eye  the only way i can get off is watching the crown
 kathleen lights does a gray smokey eye using naked 2  enjoy 
 glitter amp smoke for @skylersamuels tonight  @edieparker @mrmontyjackson makeupartist 
 im spending too much with the weed man this foo got a blue diamond pinky ring  la niggas
 im not gone get deep on why i smoke   i deadass only smoke because the shitz amazing and it puts me in a good mood
 just as i say that  hempfield rattles off 5 points including a tyler hilton trey to go ahead 2420. 145 in q3. @llhoops
 what you doing after you smoke out of this 
 what you doing after you smoke out of these 
 @dfergie20 @morgancary tbt to smokey eye 
 blowin cloudsof the smoke
 cmon nick i watch the show to see some entertainment and smokeshows  not your piece thru these short shorts. thebachelor
 unlikelyemergencies some stole my weed man
 @certifeyetweet certifeyecomp spiced up blue smokey eye and a taste of the rainbow  o and i threw in a vday look 
 i eat at least an avocado a day amp usually i just keep it simple w some pink salt  pepper  amp hemp 
 i smoked bath salts  and well... unlikelyemergencies 
 someone call the smoke patrol. i need those straw coozies from bimini stat thebachelor cc @kfcbarstool
 pork tenderloin coated in @carnivorerub red w a side of 12 hour smoked bonein pork belly. 
 @madflavor is it true are we having church tonight if so  i have some blueberry cannabis just waiting to be toked.
 i forget his name but ali micheal ex bf is a nyfw icon. i smoked weed with him once
 no more weed. 
 update finna smoke a blunt
 thunder getting smoke by my wizards tonight 
 okc getting smokeddd
 getting her butt ate by smokey the bear this nigga burnt out 
 man  @vanessagrimaldi is a smoke show.  thebachelor
 warning about weed laced with opiates turns out to be a false alarm. news 5 @wews at 11pm. 
 to smoke or not too smoke
 if you in vegas  link up wit it amp smoke tonight 
 im tryna smokey smokey. 
 my goodness  who will share this @ the heartsillsinclair fan club meeting sat.  1030 a.m.  smokey row in pleasan 
 a weed 
 feeling the urge to smoke 
 dont textcall me after 5pm tomarrow im gone be smoked out with my wife in her guts happy valentines mfs
 im so stressed my eyes were red today and ppl asked me if i have been smoking weed
 two men were arrested after officials allegedly found 109 pounds of marijuana during a traffic stop friday 
 an intersection at three branches of the little river in the great smokey mountains. 
 just smoked out our door dash delivery driver
 i made a playlist last night after i smoked and its full of joe walsh  pink floyd  stevie ray vaughn and rush. high me has great taste.
 where theres smoke... 
 coulda been our national bird. i love the wild turkeys  out here in the great smokey mountains. 
 you are what you smoke 
 @vpetrescu  @imperiousexpo  the weed blog  speakers   exhibitors 
 every beauty guru uploaded the same makeup look for valentines day. like easy soft pink rose gold heart smokey blowjob eye w fake lashes.
 every beauty guru uploaded the same makeup look for valentines day. like easy soft pink rose gold heart smokey blowjob eyes w fake lashes.
 every beauty guru uploaded the same makeup look for valentines day. like easy soft pink rose gold heart smokey blowjob eyes w fake lashes.
 feb.19 bdayshappy 77th bday to the great singer smokey robinson
 somebody bring me a ginger ale or sprite i will smoke you out.
 enjoy your sex and sweet dates while i smoke my heart away.
 finna smoke this backwood
 he allegedly said he thought kkk members were ok until he learned they smoked marijuana legalizeit  
 i hella miss callo and smokey 
 watching the thrillseekers debut match in smokey mountain wrestling on the @wwenetwork what a trip @lancestorm amp @iamjericho vs the infernos
 summit county has the highest rate of marijuanarelated er visits in colorado 
 tfw u chain smoke n make self harm jokes cuz deep down u wish you had died the night you were shot  like damn why n 
 south hempstead ny tue feb 14th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 got smoke in my eye  mandown
  happyvalentinesday photo southernlivingmag @ blue smoke 
 roses are red weed is green fuck bitches its 2017 leave em in the past dump in the trash @interscope sign me
 .@smerconish isnt coors beer the macguffin in smokey and the bandit
 where theres smoke... 
 lift up your eyes to the sky  then look to the earth beneath for the sky will vanish like smoke  amp the earth will..httpst.coarzf7in9dy
 @chrislhayes therein lies the questionsuspicion. awful lot of smoke for there not to be any fire.
 cee lo green smoked a sherm stick before the grammy
 cee lo green smoked a sherm stick before the grammys
 yay uploaded this rose gold smokey eye tutorial for valentines day i am going on a makeup 
 red lips or pink smokey eye
 wondering if iowa sen. amy sinclair will bring her new best pal  scott walker  to forum in pleasantville  1030 a.m.  sat.  smokey row...
 amazing collettis smokehouse burger  super  custserv amp epic music at the crystalcity @goodstuffeatery 
 big day at magnolia students  union members  cannabis workers get 15 off. kushy punch demo from 1 to 4pm. valenti 
 ima wear a damn smokey eye bc idfw valentines day
 amazing collettis smokehouse burger  super  custserv amp epic music at the crystalcity @goodstuffeater @chefspike 
 tom from @buabar in the east village shows us how to make the smoke and spice tequila jalapeno  
 blowin smoke
 inman squares veggie slice of the day  mushroom w smoked mozzarella and 
 happy 5th valentines day to my love. i couldnt do life without you @ great smokey mountains 
 today 56pm est reidwatersradiowave strictly ganja tune on @1amradio 
 today 56pm est reidwatersradiowave strictly ganja tune on @1amradio @dashradio artwork by @phvrvohxo 
 roses are red  violets are blue  please test your smoke alarms  theyll save you and your family too happyvalentinesday
 andy is doing community service today so the guest has offered to smoke meowt amp drive me to run all my errands. yes.
 a valentine story. love familyhistory valentines ancestry @ meier junk amp weed farm 
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 going home after class just to smoke amp watch fifty shades by myself and im so content w it
 my hemp billprotecting industrial hemp growers passed out of ag 130.  thanks for the lettter of support @newwestgenetics @colofarmbureau
 i tried to do a dark red smokey eye  but it just makes me look like i smoke meth in the sewers
 wish i had a group of girl friends i can smoke and sing my heart out to love music with today 
 were rocking some features today in honor of valentines day. smoked and deepfried ribs are 
 my babys bring me steak shrimp and weed lmaoooo 
 tbt this weeding weekend thegoodlife happyvalentinesday to all us single men ... and to all 
 where there is smoke there is  
 im on weed and im tearing up because its sunny
 amp weed
 @koatubbs its a bit smokey on twitter 
 donate to me to go to vegas i promise you your money will go to my mcdonalds and weed for the weekend sickstorybz@paypal.com
 finna go smoke me a big fat bleezy str8 to the noggin
 coming soon....... our newest sandwich family member  slow smoked pork belly with our 
 coming soon....... our newest sandwich family member  slow smoked pork belly with our 
 coming soon....... our newest sandwich family member  slow smoked pork belly with our 
 new arrivals at the farm store half smokes and a custom mangalitsa boar sausage with sherry and 
 south hempstead ny tue feb 14th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 south hempstead ny tue feb 14th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 a stream runs through the great smokey mountain national park near gatlinburg  tn. surrounded by 
 the mountains and the dank weed 
 a smokey eye and a nude lip  photoshoot experience behindthescenes jasminakimova makeover 
 he look like smokey from the pjs 
 @shelbychong peace love amp weed haha 
 raise your glass with shallotinfused mezcal and pickle brine tequila house made  sangrita  smoke chili salt oyster 
 nothing like an ultimate  sensual smokey eye  all things mac feline eye kohl and metallic 
 nothing like an ultimate  sensual smokey eye  all things mac feline eye kohl and metallic 
 what lip color goes with a red smokey eye replytweet
 all that weed  
 jack hemphill with a careerhigh 30 points in tonights win. the ravens will play wesleyan christian academy on friday at 2 pm
 this preworkout has me feeling like smokey from friday
 i broke in my own house  amp stole my own weed. should i call the cops
 i have no more weed 
 all i did was smoke and sleep today. solo fuckvalentines
 @hippieoflove whats your favorite kind of weed mines blueberry
 240 days is too long commissioner nipper on marijuana moratorium waltonbcc
 come to colorado anyway  its  awesome  the ganja is awesome tytlive
 @jasonkessler15 @gatorhoops kings of leon  stone temple pilots and smokey robinson
 when you try to do a smokey eye and turn into bucky 
 im tried af  niggas just finna smoke they self to sleep
 smoke smoke smoke 
 valentinesday for us... a smokey irish pub in atlanta playing pool. @ irish bred hapeville 
 @bdf that my friend is a good old fashioned smokey blobby amoeba cutter 
 @jtmassey79 there is so much smoke at this point it seems inevitable
 went to put the dirties in and found some washed weed in the laundry machine...welcome to 
 went to put the dirties in and found some washed weed in the laundry machine...welcome to 
 smoked rib eye  house smoked with alder  apple amp hickory with a baked potatoe yvreats dinner 
 blunt smoke eye protector goggles 
 this saturday stonedpicassopopupshop at smokey shops in manassas va...we will have live art 
 new video coming up on brows then burnt orangered smokey eye. go check it out @makeupbyemmy ignore my awkward f 
 @sstaceysmom @cosanostra60oke you can see his eyes in the blue smoke
 i live for red smokey eyes  thanks to @jaclynhill its all i do anymore 
 he tryna smoke smoke tea  
 @275yungsimmie for xxlfreshmanclass2017 @xxl dont sleep on big smokey
 valentinesdaydate jazzstandard jazz bbq bbqlife valentinesday @ blue smoke 
 creamy smokey flavor.  drinking a wholly smoke by @beachwoodbbqlb at @urgegastropub   
 i can never smoke in peace 
 life short  smoke a port  in new york calculating like a dork. kill bill track suit preme shorts. 
 like whats valentines all i need is weed amp my carne asada burrito 
 what a weed
 bbq brisket sandwich  the smoke joint bbqbrisketsandwich thesmokejoint downtownbrooklyn 
 and some smoke
 what is cannabis  cannabis 101 
 i did an awesome pink smokey eye and i didnt even get a picture
 almost got killed at smokey bones but its fine
 at some point we all smoked that dirt weed
 why this weed look like carne asada 
 i did a fuschia smokey eye tonight for work paired with an all black outfit and i like to think thats called killing it 
 its mandatory that all wiggers smoke crystal meth
 weeding highlights green rush in las vegas. cannabischapel 
 solo movin slomo i smoke a lot of weed 
 @younggawhd its too beautiful to smoke
 @pinkieclc @ali @potus alwaus have to weed some out if he finds a weed he will tbrow it out  
 budding scholars  rejoice colorado county approves marijuanafunded scholarship  via @huffpostpol
 budding scholars  rejoice colorado county approves marijuanafunded scholarship  via @huffpostpol
 south hempstead ny wed feb 15th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 smokin sour you still chocolate weeded
 if floyd and mcgregor fought floyd would fuckin smoke him
 tryna have a large quantity smoke sesh this friday or saturday
 my cheat for under eye circles is to make a smokey eye that continues to the bottom lash...iwokeupthisway
 good morning.......at starbucks for breakfast  enjoying a shaken green tea and double smoked 
 @moecasonbbq checking his ribs in the smoker at the q in the lou. please welcome melindas hot 
 sausages at woodyardbbq in the smoker. please welcome melindas hot sauce and their 35 products 
 @moecasonbbq pulling the ribs off the smoker in st. louis. please welcome melindas hot sauce 
 breaking prosecutor weeden wetmore has rested his case. claytontrial
 prosecutor weeden wetmore has rested his case. last witness was deputy dean swan. claytontrial
 prosecutor weeden wetmore called 65 witnesses to the stand amp entered more than 400 pieces of evidence before resting today. claytontrial
 blue light up smoke illusionled 
 blue light up smoke illusionled 
 psa to my blunt smokers blue raspberry white owl is a must
   super food porn alert   today at quincy street bistro we have a smoked prime rib juci 
 its that ginger and rice water  weed. lol.
 i have 2 tickets for smokey robinson tonight at foxwoods 10th row if anyone wants them
 i channeled @lauraneuzeth today with my orange and purple smokey eyes using the milkmakeup eye 
 cannabisjournalism  kentucky store owner accused of marijuana trafficking in edibles 
 wait why isnt weed measured in tablespoons
 money and marijuana 14yearold charged as adult after brothers shot  killed during attempted robbery 
 feb 25th @anodynecoffee  smokey back from cancer  get tix at  @localfirstmke @radiomilwaukee
 currently giving my brother a lesson on weed 
 smiertka joked theres an unzoned area by the state capitol. think gov. snyder is down for capitol cannabis
 my cousin smokeatron been getting down on this fish amp shrimp caldo... i had to do it 
 @centennialatl jr beta members earning service hours  weeding the library collection. interesting discussions about 
 south hempstead ny wed feb 15th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 yesterdays eyeline can be todays smokey eye if you believe in yourself.
 yesterdays eyeliner can be todays smokey eye if you believe in yourself.
 must try the stl cut spare ribs  rubbed amp smoked kcstyle over hickory  from @bootlegginbbq downtownstl 
 proudly pouring @hardwina hard count ipa from @greenflashbeer enjoy a pint and some slow smoked bbq today... 
 just smoke it 
 tyad of smokey and these memes 
 slicing the brisket at first class bbq in hempstead  texas. please welcome melindas hot sauce 
 serious love affair with my smoked salmon bagel at continental bagel in the @bywardmarketbia  
 snider family unveils plans for massive marijuana facility | broad street media 
  donate or share to support delaware marijuana legalization in 2017
 kathleen lights teaches to do a brown smokey eyehttpst.co7fily0eilmenjoy 
 538 media will need fire and not just smoke  to impeach trump or force him to resign  copolitics @cjr nytimes @ap
 had to cutt my workout short today.. that smoke getting to me 
 mostly i just use my hornt up energies to smoke hella weed and write jams
 who smokes 
 this is me training my gag reflex with a marijuana lollipop before images of eroticism 
 this quick and easy smokey eye will be coming to my channel very soon  i used the highliner 
 happy hump day come and try our delicious cocktails  smokey mellow and fluffy bubbles 
 @46savannahrose what  no marijuana its making big bucks in colorado
 my weed green baby 
 valentine fifth course sous vide 7x hanger steak  smoked potato croquette  haricot verte  red 
 makeup from my boudoir session last weekend. so much fun doing this sexy smokey eye 
 gop story too easy ppence in the dark  smokescreen
 @kamalaharris the obama operatives in the intelligence agencies need to be weeded out  they are the fifth column.
 if i o.s. rapped about pot i dont smoke green but i take down grass like a weed eater. rhyme gimmeabeat
 @alphateamkiller weed is for degenerates
 do you smoke  ...... smoke what
 five dresses. three sets of heels. pool wear. a ridic amount of sparkle. makeup for a killer smokey eye amp red lips. i think im vegas ready
 in the weeds
 @burn1tv1 your single source for all things cannabis.  music   news   fashion   and 
 where are my sisters  why are they not indulging in my self pity as i smoke my cigarette
 omg this happens look in the sky its a bird its plane... its weed goodenough marijuanarain 
 kush smoke blowin everywhereeee you already know its a green affair no i dont walk anywhere im flyin in styleee.
 @linnyitssn ivanka is dying on justine trampjareds    has bn blowing smokey flames if ivanka fnd th justines wife is blkbelt she wd shit
 need to smoke a fucking blunt after watching fifty shades lmfao
 a black smokey eye makes me feel so hawwwt haha
 so... did you smoke it 
 all i smoke is .. 
 green smoke to black
 up in smoke
 were having weed
 the weed 
 crew love thestonedpicassopopup saturday smokeyshopeva @ the smokeyshope of virginia 
 when you call your weedman at 900pm but he show up at 130am   takehispack  whoelseheserving  ishereallyon  whyhenotjimmyjohns   
 why do i have the urge to smoke and be with friends at this most ungodly of hours
 why do i have the urge to smoke and make friends at this most ungodly of hours
 where the weed at
 kidney bean hemp hummus    via @allrecipes
 @konng @neecaltxt im living on a cloud of smoke  
 oh please we arent going to be distracted or dissuaded by these smoke and mirror reports from white house. theyv 
 @dredbeveridge ravioli made from thin slices of rutabaga  filled with smoked ricotta  plus a kohlrabi pure.  was delicious.
 south hempstead ny thu feb 16th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 this is commentary  not factbased news. triple check sources to weed out fake news disguised as real. 
 this morning  hempstead town ida is considering a project in @hempsteadvill  
 finna be moving slow asf at work i shouldnt have smoked. 
 smoothie yum strawberries banana blueberry spinach almond milk hemp protein doterra 
 pitmaster nat the cat and his huge homemade smoker in belle glade  florida. been smoking for 60 
 another satisfied client of the day from 1272017 lisa loved the burgundy smokey eyes and the 
 i just killed my weed speech
 starting my day with my breast health  the wise woman way by susan s. weed 
 why i smoke by myself 
 patriots bb reminder  field workday sat. 10am need parents  edgers  weed eaters  ladders  zip ties  shovel  tools to assemble bleachers.
 @itswaltbitch @babyanimalspic bet  this is smokey 
 @spencernw12 youll have to just come and see for yourself if smokey is up for it saturday 
 @msnbc stock market looks forward to banks selling diriverative  duke energy dumping coal ash in river  smoke stacks spewing mercury
 ltinsert every silly pot smoke metaphor heregt synergy 
 believe it baked sausage amp broccoli rabe with smoked mozzarella all day delivered to your door 
 news from my window longweekend coupon @ hemp tent eco boutique 
 cajun pizza made with our smoked andouille sausage. recipe coming soon to  @ lake 
 important watch the first congressional cannabis caucus @ 11 am pt2 pm et today @  thanks to earl  dana  don  jared
 and when the smoke is in your eyes you look so alive
 hendricks apparently weighs 197 pounds on route to sat early weighins. could be a smoke screen but will big rig make weight ufchalifax
 starting march 1st you can be caught with 4oz of weed and not get arrested  ticketed  or acquired to appear in court. 
 youre just live everyone else  except youre a thick goth bitch and you smoke weed thanks @spellcrafting
 youre just like everyone else  except youre a thick goth bitch and you smoke weed thanks @spellcrafting
 .@cnns jeffrey lord must have the best weed stash.
 box 2597 e53l16 on scene investigating a smoke condition. h1  w25  tl10 assigned.
 too smokey for my tastes.  drinking a blue monk special reserve by @struise at @maxstaphouse   
 i smell like bagels today on the bus instead of weed. happy friday 
 tonight catch the smokey hero duo at the world famous honkytonkbbqchicago 730  930.  @ 
 i am drinking weed coffee and watching twilight on this fine friday morning
 my weed. 
 is it too early to hit up my reefer man 
 loved creating this blue smokey eye look for my client the other day  beforeandafter 
 a way to a mans heart is thru his stomach ... im cooking red beans w pig tails and neckbones ... smoke sausage ... and my sweet bread ...
 @sirroscoe snvtch is pulling up @ 23pm  join us in a smoke40oz sesh mane 
 ok i am the king of the survivalist let us plant lettuce carrots sweet peas watermelon cannabis hemp without persecution or die.
 also watching kid canabis has inspired me
 im not suppose to smoke in my room anymore but its like that monster has already been created so its slow
 new dj smokey  blessed never stressed official music video by @positivepabs link  
 some guy rolled up next to me in his cadillac  made eye contact  held up his blunt  amp exhaled a giant cloud of smoke. happy friday
 kentucky weed.  
 see smoke wftv 
 sucking my own cock off on snapchat today tune in for narcissistic fridays with your favorite pile of shit ryan hempsey
 beautiful day and smoke. sesh  
 please add heartsillsinclair forum  sat.  feb. 18  1030 a.m.  smokey row  pleasantville to your list.  they dont 
  is a 2ndry blog page for the legalization of cannabis
 @dakotapaige420 did you hear coral reefer is coming to vancouver for the mailorder cannabis cuptwelve high chicks magazine
 @ocomeon @905habsfan looking forward to be on the front pages of the toronto star and montreal gazette  smoked meat and bagel ring busted 
 @chewls9810 im thinking about moving to colorado  plenty of mountains n weed
 lol original looks just about smoked @ ebay shopping 
 lifes short smoke a port
 i rather do a clean beautifully blended classic smokey eye w two colors than do an eye look with hella loud colors thats not even blended
 @cerromerussell gon have to smoke some more to remember your stash spot
 life short smoke a port on a port
 homeland to film 6 am  10 pm on sunday  feb. 19  at 110 livingston st will include explosions  smoke  police  mil 
 my smokey eyeshadow is getting better. its all about blending and blending and lots of blending.
 i love weed omg
 @tig718 now and then i light a little smoke in the truck out back......
 while in gatlinburg  tn why not go to the great smokey mountains 
 todays special... smokey brown sugar pork  drizzled with a scratch gravy infused with blackberry preserves 
 cedars trying for 9th ll boys hoops title tonight. mccaskey has 14  hempfield 7. lancaster catholic has 1 2003  unbeaten state champs.
 @sidsince94 try bambu papers they burn super slow the only ones i smoke now
 @lilfreakinu  absolutely. its the smokey eye piercing that would mindfuck any slave into despondency.
 can one smoke cat nip
 tonights uni model is sr pitcher @jonlipinski . the vols will be wearing the smokey greys to kick off the season h 
 smokes weed once 
 south hempstead ny fri feb 17th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 should i smoke
 short quick smoke cigar cigartime afterwork oraioslife canwintergoaway itstoocold @ 
 cant none of the niggas  that try to get me to smoke  beat me up. so all that talk is irrelevant as hell 
 whatever asshole stole fat jacks bbqs smoker die in hell.
 i have no weed...
 im gonna pick the option that allows me to smoke
 and weed.
 grilled some smoke sausages and a goetta dog to go with my first baseball game and summer shandy of the year. 
 mmmmm smokey.... mmm bacon... @odettecoleman craftbeer beer beerstagram beersofinstagram 
 time for those @lowesfoods sausages sampling the vampire hunter  bavarian  kielbasa king  great maple smokey mapl 
 sweet and sour chicken   wings   crab cakes  stuffed clams  short ribs  burger on bagel  smoke saus   chic salad   hot dog  salami  pep sub
 candler friday night. . . . docmartens fire friday @ smokey mountains north carolina 
 smoke this weed 
 life is short smoke a port
 fan art friday is up in smoke @toymachine toymachine toymachineskateboards cheechandchong 
 mild smoke  wood  soaked  waterlogged driftwood  algae  mild caramel  herbs.... kindling  photo
 @thedallasclavin yeah but tht grey looks to much like tennessees smokey uni
 mnufc the new kits look a bit smokey.
 danny colliers ab strain must have improved since yesterday  he smoked an rbi triple. jack zoellner singles him in. its 22 after one.
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 holy smokes its crazy raining....think i just saw an ark float by 
 soft smokey eye on @rutinaofficial for abffawards2017 using @kevynaucoin sensual enhancers   
 i liked @diamonddixiellc before.  they just covered eastbound amp down from smokey amp the bandit  now i adore them.
 @luvnewinfo waiting for spring and this view from my deck. nantahala lake  smokey mountains
 drinking a galaxy juice by @fieldworkbrewco @ smoke eaters  
 first compassruler drawing. an ashtray w big doobies from every nation w smoke rings of peace. stoner 420 
 this buzzard ass weed omg 
 lose yourself  @ smokey mountains 
 david foster wallace was accused of making weed look cool.
 interesting profile. smokey aroma and taste. would go well with a bbq... seven sharks acircling 
 getting smokey
 im forever getting smoke in my right eye
 are you gay do you smoke your eyes are pretty 
 always in the pursuit of excellence  going to smoke this prime 1  brisket starting early this am. 
 life short  smoke a port on a porch  in new york calculating like a dork.
 point me in the direction of the good weed in st.paul 
 sexy lawyer stopped by tonight. great sex followed by meaningful conversation. no weed  but greg made up for it. goodthingsforgoodpeople
 had to get round two of this gem from tn  drinking a from tennessee with smoke @ library place apts   photo
 im rockin pjs and no shirt  i smoke weed eat yogurt
 my cat smokey 
 craig amp smokey friday
 craig amp smokey friday
 nations only hempinfused wine is made in n.y.  roc
 at this point i just need to smoke and close my eyes
 lesson learned today  do not smoke and drive
 yesterdays eyeliner can be todays smokey eye... if you believe in yourself. 
 holy smokes there are a lot of coppers out tonight.
 light brows with dark smokey eyes are always so pretty
 tacos  weed amp @narcosnetflix .. oh yeah hes a keeper 
 currently watching how to infuse a whole chicken with marijuana and how to sedate bees with pot smoke. wtf am i doing with my life
 tacos  weed amp @narcosnetflix 
 south hempstead ny sat feb 18th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @popville any news about the source of all this smoke
 goodness hes in the weeds again. @geraldorivera europe @huntsmanabby @petehegseth @foxandfriends
 we liiiiiiive baby yeaaaaaaaa stonedpicassopopupshop tonight 710 @ smokey shope in manassas  
 blasting waiting for weed.  wyo this saturday  music catchmeoutsidehowboutdat  
 diet schmiet. its time for a brighteyed.  brunchgoals @ blue smoke 
 2017 spring forecast @ hempy hollow 
 we should not weaken nms whistleblower law. argument that it cuts down costs and weeds out frivolous lawsuits  ring hallow. truthmatters
 catoftheday one has amber eyes  the other green friendly  bonded brothers smokeyampbandit need a home together nh 
 literally began working on my smoke for mkx  not bad at all. very simple 
 i  weed
 i  weed
 global cannabis seed banks are accepting bitcoin  via @btctn
 taking advantage of a beautiful sunny day to smoke some brisket and porkbutt  bbq @langbbqsmokers 
 my smoothie game is on point today. grass fed choc whey  mct oil  organic almond milk  hemp seeds  fresh greens  strawberries and banana 
 up in smoke highlife realniggashit hiphopweekly loaded trap rapperlife saturday mfm 
 this is our madeinhouse smoked sausage. come try some today 
 pork slider from the smokehouse sevenseas @seaworld 
 @tiffanyyygrace surprised the weed jar isnt labeled too
 smoke smoke smoke
 holy smokes batman. 
 beautiful day to relax by the smoker.  beef brisket and venison roast. 
 we have brought it back. the carne cabeza.           12 hour smoked pulled pork with provolone 
 blowin blunts at the same rate as you smoke cigs
 my smoke stack burger from @shakeshack was worth the flight alone. amazing. cometocanada 
 up and moving this morning thanks to terras medicated cannabis espresso beans
 waking up slow and smokey on this fine saturdaymorning
 @275yungsimmie finna be in the 305 tonight  blowin smoke clouds fwm
 ive found heaven in a sandwich. i slow smoked a shoulder and a butt and my wife made these cornbread buns. the perfect sandwich wslaw
 spritzing with newcastle beer man this is awesome brisket nachos @ smokerbuilder mfg 
 official smokerbuilderdotcom beer spritzing device @ smokerbuilder mfg 
 is there any data on former smokers restarting since the election or sales spikes for cigs and alcohol
 before amp after i aced my smokey eye makeup class at sephora. teacherspet 
 smoke dance  smokey eye valedictorian
 @mikespearman3  beer spritzing @ smokerbuilder mfg 
 my cousin told me all i do is cook  smoke amp do makeup i felt disrespected
 it makes you feel wanted  amp when youre with another tea smoker it makes you feel a special sense of kinship. lou 
 brisket progress @ smokerbuilder mfg 
 smoke 2 weed and then i smoke 2 weed
  cask conditioned mocha amp cigs  imp. smoked porter   8.3 abv  88 ibu  mocha amp cigarrettes conditionedonaji chili peppers  cinnamon  si
 @honeyv tacos and weed
 driving through the great smokey mountains  headed to knoxville to 
 on the menu black bean soup  double the cumin 4 smokey flavor. use @rotel to kick it up. 
 i think im feeling a blue smokey eye tonight.
 a special meal for family and loved ones. spaghetti  cornbread  turnip greens  smoked turkey legs  baroque ribs. no 
 makeamericagreatagain by all singing smokey robinson songs @samuelljackson the library of congress gershwin prize 
 saturdays are for the boys @ smokey mtns 
 tonight  ny strip off of the smoker  mac amp cheese  onion rings and cheesecake for dessert.lifeisgood
 bro egleston square wreaks of weed 247
 my manager just asked me did i smoke weed or was i naturally slow
 south hempstead ny sat feb 18th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @offnotespodcast @offtherailbeer @cascadialiq thanks for the high praise  get some olde winston smoked porter while 
 i am going to a function tonight and will be attempting to do a smokey eye i hope i dont look like i just got punched in the face
 hanging out in the big smoke for the weekend with awesome friends @ harbourfront toronto 
 so so bbq not bad brisket  could have used a little bit of season. @ smokey mos bbq in austin  tx 
 how do you do marijuana
 making my awesome pot roast in the inst pot  w smoked paprika roasted red potatoes amp honeybalsamic brussels sprts for dinner w a friend.
 quick smokey eye put on black eye liner. cry. when youre drying your eyes with tissue it smudges into a cute and easy smokey eye. 
 ribs  cornbread amp sweet potato fries... yum @mylakegeneva @ smokeys bbq  
 urge meatloaf beef  pork  chorizo  wrapped in applewood smoked bacon   @urgegastropub 
 look at that lovely smoke ring. 
 we hiked up to a waterfall today  @ smokey mountains 
 just want barbecues wdrinks amp some weed this summer is all.
 bbq brisket and hot sausages at nola smokehouse. with slaw and mac choux mampc 
 where is the smoke 
 indulge yourself tonight with braised pork belly   charred cabbage kimichi  smoked apple butter 
 whats up with girls that get so into their gym makeup like this bitch has a winged tip and a smokey eye arent you going to wash your face
 @lasmokehouse enjoying brisket and hot smoked sausage  worlds best macamp. 
 new formulation at isflc17  i support the rights of moslem immigrant gay couples to defend their marijuana crops with automatic weapons
 islc17  i support the right of moslem immigrant gay couples to defend their marijuana crop with automatic weapons 
 ... belly up platter  baby back ribs. pulled pork. smoked brisket. classic coleslaw. mini 
 we have brought it back. the carne cabeza.  12 hour smoked pulled pork with provolone cheese and 
 @piffenie @hippieoflove got some sour apple today  awesome weed
 @gordonramsay smoked pepper jelly glazed ribs. what ya think 
 craig hodges wouldve smoked all these guys. jbl3pt kyrieirving nbaallstarweekend
 lifes short  smoke a port.
 weed i smoke that
 music. weed. rice. 
 finally watching smokey robinson get the gershwin prize.  love the music. love watching the dc establishment try to find the beat and words.
 duo of smoked links. fig and duck with pork belly next to our house andouille sausage. tonight 
 alcohol is awesome but i agree about weed. @robynlynee @norinyc
 my dad finally smoked with me omg
 warning dont look if youre hungry course four braised short ribs with a smoked gouda polenta. chefsdinner 
 i love a true smokey eye.   makeup by @fayesmithmakeup  hair by nadiabullockhair  photography 
 just started weeds on netflix 
 whos tryna smoke a blunt and see fifty shades darker
 major success tonight on the smoker made a killer santa maria style tri tip with a hickory smoke. best ive ever done. amazing
 drinking a pliny the elder by russian river brewing company @ smoke eaters  
 weed weed 
 elder gt younger. discuss.  drinking a pliny the elder by russian river brewing company @ smoke eaters   
 abh glow kits   modern renaissance pallet  naked smokey pallet  tarte pro2 pallet too faced white chocolate chip pa 
 @alonlevy jp smokes like a chimney and mostly tobacco mariguana keeps mexicans healthier and that raw fishsoy protein is not healthy.
 charles you smoke 
 what you doing after you smoke this 
 no i dont have weed officer  i have laser vision and thats why my eyes are red
 everyone out partying tonight and im inside smoking weed and watching futurama for the 10th time thru.
 air time  bruiser  stone sober  cochise  smooth operator  fire amp smoke  gangsters wildside  catfish john. i saw some amazing bulls tonight
  the weed 
 green leaves coated with thc produce smoke @currensyspitta
 my future is cloudy cloudy from kush and this gun smoke
 the best news ive got tonight is that my mom can no longer smoke cigarettes in the house. this is awesome.
 we also split a bottle of really smooth bordeaux. soft tannins and smokey. also 13 alc...sooooooooo
 craig amp smokey....minus the peer pressure ... everyday friday   houston htown 
 smoking on that purple weed im color struck
 to smoke weed or not to smoke weed
 im watching @animalkingdom marathon hyfr while smoking weed  marijuana is the best fucking high on earth 
 @nro when are services. would love to attend. would enjoy bringing flowers weeds. and applauding gleefully. rot in hell evil sorcerer
 its official im a blooclot ... just cant stop smoke  fanto man
 some weed and
 i so tired that my eyes are blood shot red asf  like no like looks like i smoked about 10 blunts 
 do not. smoke. marijuana
 why do you smoke 
 tonight was lit because we played risk smoked cigars hokka and kicked everyones ass in rick i dominated the world 
 food   weed and netflix tonight  solo
 when the smoke clears  nobody beats a cannon deal. nobody
 south hempstead ny sun feb 19th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 chef andrews brunch sando feature this week is dat loin house smoke pork loin  barrel aged red 
 50 years of dragonbreath  which cant be good for the skin  not much water or indoor plumbing. her smokey eyes trash cus no makeup tutorials
 tonight is the night nyc i will be performing i only smoke in war zones 6pm @corneliastcafe theatre change 
 when the j gets short and the smoke starts burning your eyes 
 we have brought it back. the carne cabeza.  12 hour smoked pulled pork with provolone cheese and 
 i really think im about to do dreyahs smokey eye with glitter in itching to do it
 peace out richmond. dont smoke too much crack while im gone @ richmond station 
 who can i chill and smoke with today on this nice sunday 
 green weed purple weed cause i keep on rolling
 myparentsonce stole my weed
 sunday. 72f and sunny. ribs on the smoker and @stonebrewingco stoneripper in my hand. yeah  this works for me.
 im finna get me some grams and a bottle of weed and im having fun on a sunday   fuck it.
 my dad is slow cooking ribs in the smoker amp some guy walking down the street came up to our gate amp offered him 15 bucks to try some 
 @elevatedstoner weed crumbles into glitter
 blowin smoke check it out
 the smoke makes this so good.  drinking a frau blcher by @barrierbrewing at @barrierbrewing    photo
 why did i go to bed with a full smokey eye
 looks deliciouscant wait for the hempstead jersey mikes sub shop to open 
 smoke your way to the kushkard table in the bluedream room  at the cannabisweddingexpo  
 sunday morning running dates are the bees kneeseven if he did smoke me the entire 7.5 
 im so sad that my dont be a cunt smoke a blunt isnt @ blue limestone anymore 
 me ringing up a guy cute guy i guess i smoked a blunt too early this morning me its never too early him i think i just found my wife
 smoke this weed by myself
 lifes short smoke a port on the port
 banana  clove. a little smoke but not too sharp. like this one.... sunshine and hoppiness 
 @cheedrofriend that angry smokey license plate 
 ombr smokey eye w glitter liner @certifeyetweet gold glitter  @tartecosmetics pro palette  @smoovegalinc susie la 
 of course smokey excited for kei to come 
 that was a quick trip cross alligator alley thank you devil weed  haiku stoner
 redwood smoke shack brisket right out of the smoker. so good redwoodbbq beef brisket 
 hi friends i need a weed plug in coral springs
 we are very excited to feature corsairdistillerys awardwinning triple smoke as our 
 roadtripping on an absolutely beautiful sunday afternoon  greatsmokymountains @ smokey 
 second stop of the day to see the fabulous @makeupbyjustin and he gave me a smokey eye beat down 
 sugarfire brisket amp patio dining. been all over the south  but sugarfire smokehouse  st charles  missouri beckons 
 preparing the beef brisket to be smoked tomorrow in the morning. look at what my wife can do. 
 @jleezee2525 @ambeezy10 should i smoke some ribs with this  
 wings on the smoker traegergrills traeger @ ferguson pool 
  @jeffroux how is smokey 28
 blue eyes crying in the rain by the smokey mountain boys  george jones  from soundhound 
 tea smoked maple leaf duck breast bourbon barrel soy glazed hakurei turnip  baby bok choi  okinawann sweet potato 
 whoa. smokey and peppery. very interesting  drinking a sandal tan by @libertinebrew at @libertinebrew   
 my weed stank like chitterlings nicca
 broke out the smokey joe for some quick grillin tonight. didnt want to bust out the big grill.
 .@latimes @kurtisalee @snoopdogg  going bowling all day today  fyi   so if i can smoke snoop under the table i dont do chronic i shall.
 severe thunderstorms tonight starting by 9pm. i feel like ive got to prepare. gotta hit the weed plug  the liquor store  heb  and ppp.
 putin is big worm double agent orange is smokey 
 i smoked crack just long enough to know what penis tastes like.    fifty shades of black
 beautiful sunday and a wonderful smoke.....joyadenicaragua estel sunday cuatrocinco cigar 
 or i was thinking a smokey look with like purple  iridescent halo eye .. which
 south hempstead ny sun feb 19th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 she hung around with a blonde named smokey. she loved him even tho he was cokey.
 iron cowboy eduardo aparecido no match for fire amp smoke. theamerican
 chris wallace went bananas over the russians spy thing again holy smoke
 smoke weed 
 when bouncing or swinging is just not enough sensory happyplace autism @ hempy hollow 
 @usfadmike what you got grilling this weekend  smoked ribs ready for saucing... 
 teaching smokey eyes tonight at 7pm  
 smoke weed 
 shifting my weekend here in the smokey mountains  seems appropriate to be smoking. alecbradley 
 if you smoke then smoke
 i want some boiled shrimps  potatoes  smoke sausage  snow crab and crawfish. with a big shot.
 @laronnie visited the dominican riviera uptown with smokey and i today... dominicanriviera 
 @hippieh8er yum.shouldve had you come up this weekend. smoked pork butt  brats  saurkraut  beans  sausage and chicken. related im fat
 happy nationallashday my top pick smokey eye mascara from @bobbibrown lashesfordays winkwink 
 second brisket that i smoked this weekend. secondjob 
 is it acceptable to barter weed for musical performances 
 fifty shades of grey is like soft porn  but socially unacceptable to pull your dick out and rub one off  smokey
 sunday smoke with drewestatecigars cuatrocinco cuatrocincocigar    joyadenicaragua 
 slow smoked boneless ribs and garden salad on the eggegglifeeastsidegrillingnchilling 
 slow smoked boneless ribs and garden salad on the eggegglifeeastsidegrillingnchilling 
 me after i smoke 
 slow smoked boneless ribs and garden salad on the eggegglifeeastsidegrillingnchilling 
 i see u @daveeddiggs at nbaallstar doing big things the west should smoke the east tonight  too deep  too much firepower westbrook  mvp
 and weed 
 is it smokey  
 nor smoke
 the smoked baked potatoeshalf masked corn on cob dont even need salt  pepper or butter. and 3 
 how we ended sunday funday... in a cloud full of smoke from niggas burning out amp doing donuts 
 nice little add by thewalkingdead putting the trailer from smokey and the bandit. they should have checked for some @coorslight
 did we just witness smokey and the bandit meets twd 
 anyone else notice the trailer from smokey and the bandit in tonights twd thewalkingdead talkingdead @thewalkingdead @talkingdead
 she burnt my rug amp dropped my weed
 is that sandmans trailer from smokey and the bandit i love this show walkingdead @walkingdeadamc 
 creole white beans amp rice with sausage amp  smoke turkey with served with barbecue ribs
 thats the smokey and the mountain trailer  thewalkingdead
 @kaseyjones800 at the bar so ima keep it brief but f1lthy  blackyouth  fki  demokratz  jaylen  dj patt  mike dean amp dj smokey come to mind
 and smokey 
 @amctalkingdead why was the smokey and the bandit semi trailer in the show tonight 
 @amctalkingdead why did you use the smokey amp the bandit trailer awesome  show
 should i smoke
 winter flavors applewood smoked tomato fettucine with sweet lamb sausage  artichokes  rosemary 
 same for me but with weed 
 this smoke to me 
 @theantibrianna smoked turkey. i cant stand pork 
 its about smoke 30 for me
 who doesnt love a good winged liner  fluffy lashes  a beautiful warm toned smoked eye and a 
 im finna smoke 
 filet mignon w smoked goudapotato gratin and green beans. this was the homechef food delish freshfood 
 she steady asked about oomf amp oomf broke my heart.. she aeen know tho ... oomf smoked with her amp all.. that shit was weird.
 finna smoke
 watching friday   and thinking about how these niggas got shot up for some weed... ay no
 theres so much smoke from the fire im starting to feel nauseous 
 both but weed 
 @cameronesposito id go smokey from friday
 finna smoke this blunt and call it a night im tired asf
 my whole heart is full. absolutely loved every second of @nonames show and i took too many pictures peep smokey i 
 green challenge smoke a bowls and take shots
 me i will not smoke tonight. i got this  me 4 hours later 
 damn this weed is so purple the bowl looks cashed.
 @walkingdeadamc anyone notice the smokey and the bandit trailer in tonights episode of twd  eastboundanddown didtheyevergonorth
 cleaned my living room and kitchen  washed and toned my hair  did my nails  got two packages  scored free weed  got paid  not a bad day.
 @genghistron3d @brittsieee aww lil smokey 
 the boys smoked me. @ fort lauderdale a1a marathon amp half marathon 
 the girl from stevie j show obviously believes in ganja giottos 
 south hempstead ny mon feb 20th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
  50centwings  get em after 8pm. take that  monday blues. @ blue smoke 
 but smoke
 like you have options of how you want to smoke whatever but you can be super comfy but at a fancy restaurant
 @robneyer between this and the smokey the bear tee my bank accounts been lighter as my fashion game has been upped.
 its never too early to start planning your weekend look  right this smokey eye by bg makeup guru @payalmua is ev 
 29. you smoke
 @joebucsfan spent saturday studying @bbqfranklin technique for pork butt. 5.5 hrs of smoke  2.5hrs wrapped 30 min rest. 5pm gonna be good
 spent the morning watching @sendonnelly working. he helped manufacturer cabinet tops at robert weed plywood 
 aint smoked a newport since friday amp im feelin great.. hope i can keep it goin
 the fucc is the fifth element smokey 
 my hair is smokey quartz
 when i smoke by myself  
 and then smoke
 who in atlanta trynna scoop me and smoke a lil 8th or sumn
 im a fan of anything stephanie izard does.  pork belly pancake  smoked pork and toffee shake 
 burn the candle at both ends  hoping you see the smoke  red light  green light  maybe its yellow  ive got my si 
 @brvcks friday scene  when debo walks up on craig  smokey  and red on craig porch 
 tgburbank smoked mussels  creamy polenta  braised butter beans and kale  garlic velout  
 up in smoke 
 its me or the weed 
 @wyffnews4 we see a lot of smoke on raven cliff mountain from caesars head.  any news on this 
 sharpselfmadethat t.o.t.d smoke  its a beautiful day in the 
 this friday feb 24th ill be performing my cannabis inspired act as cannamiss marquez in 
 @wyffnews4 park rangers and fd officials scurrying around at caesars head looking at the spreading smoke coming up on raven cliff mountain
 somewhere over the smokey mountains. @ smokey mountains 
 our all time favorite table setup in the bbq smokehouse we loved collaborating with 
 i smoke socially. and never while fucking around. the air is already thick with stank. maybe if its funny... 
 i miss summer and all the weed i had  
 texas brisket at @dallaslockhart @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 and weed  
 mesquite smoke pear bonbons. 45 cacao peru craft chocolate. complex. creamy. sweet fruit cut 
 meltinyourmouth brisket at @dallaslockhart @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 road trip  @ smokey mountains  tn 
 big show from florida as @wheelerpro45 joins as do bruce  conforto  reed  smoker  @stevegelbs amp @figsny 6pm @snytv 
 my house is a smokey mess right now and my eyes burn like shit.
 im at two js smokehouse in palmyra  va 
 @bettydrapers i just watched it holy smokes so cinematic and beautiful and aesthetic and wow  
 @mclarendante @skintightrubber @blackstylelatex this is why alien has different colors. the smokey black looks awesome in bright light.
 happy place @ smokey mountains 
  cannabis 
 my landlord offered to smoke me up 
 i made a new bodybutter recipe today. it has a nice smokey scent from bay laurel oil which is 
 thinking smoked havalina roasted hours full tejas dressings from are unique culture
 i can smoke to that 
 wha wha where da weed at
 south hempstead ny mon feb 20th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 nationalloveyourpetday my girland boy kacee and smokey 
 turned the weber smokey mountain smoker into a charcoal grill for some quick chicken wings  looks like a little e 
 where there is smoke.... 
 smoke more weed
 life short smoke a port on a port in new york calculatin like a dork
 uhhuh  now will citizens assume the same license to smoke therein or can they be arrested for possession or more f 
 i will never not love a pink smokey eye
 i love that my eyes never get red when i smoke 
 timeless shot  timeless film  smoker batman voice. 
 649pg cannabis research is just tip of iceberg as weed science ramps up httpst.cos4kbsqj2te  @weedfeed 
 not having weed 
 with a special lady. on the smokeymountains @ smokey mountains 
 now mn needs to legalize weed. well have a 2 billion dollar surplus  i welcome the sunday liquor  sales tax revenues. bye religious bs 
 @bigtemer @slootskie can i smoke your cock
 the cats stole a bag of weed and hid it probably in another dimension cats are cops now
 i like to smoke green when i feel blue
 im scheduled to teach 93 lessons in march holy smokes 
 i get smoked playing the table games  i just play texas hold em in the poker room from now on @tylerskaarup
 congrats smokey @johnvarlas @nebmedia @savannaowens23 
 october  2018 in hempstead  ny  7 pm on a saturday night  hockey fans please welcome home. your new. york. islanders
 @secretarystate truthfully  for a beginner its a very good deal. you should get one. i look forward to trying your smoked meats.
 new rims  smoked tail lights  under glow lights under dash and under car and new subs all being put onin scion now 
 and some weed. 
 texas needs to legalize marijuana  back ampknee pain isnt being helped with their medication
 texas needs to legalize marijuana  back ampknee pain isnt being helped with their medication
 thankyou @wucf and smokestack lightnin for adding let in the sun to your playlist blindraccoon @blindraccoon 
 @955klos cat folk are crafty  and will smoke your stash and sex up your friends  dog folk are just happy being on the couch. my2cents
 you and weed 
 lifes short smoke a port
 set times for the palms at the satellite @thesatellitela fever high 900pm  smoke season 1000pm  the palms 1100pm amp ethan burns 1200am
 dropped 30pts tonight with only missing 1 shot. put that in ya pipe and smoke it. ballislife
 peace  love  and weed 
 smokey ice  pulp riot is the paint. noir  smoke and lilac for  the shadow  mercury and lilac 
 this friday  vol. 1 of new smoke show will be available for pre order on @itunes countrymusic newsmokeshow 
 i havent worn makeup in 3 days cuz of my stupid eyes and im itchin to do a blue smokey eye
 i just got weed in my eye
 as i smoke 
 im out of weed 
 blowing your smoke outside and into the atmosphere gtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgt 
 where the weed @
 @jynnjuicee swears i drug her up on some else when we smoke  its that louuuuud bihhh
 now on cooking with kartoffel im adding the wood chips to smoke the bbq chicken 
 smoke weed 
  weed 
 only weed 
 aroma is subtly smoky but also sweet like mango. flavor the smoke is sub... oskar the grauch 
 @gordonramsay apple wood smoked pork ribs with a homemade raspberry bourbon barbeque sauce. 
 @deadbunnyfrank thats because its a shit terrible makeup job. too much eye smoke
 @mycommtrans please reschedule the street sweeper at the smokey point transfer station. 1030 at night is not acceptable. @arlingtonwa
 @rmduarte11 smokey 
 its my birthday so i seasoned my cup of noodles with weed 
 its my birthday so i seasoned a cup of noodles with weed 
 smoke weed 
 now that we have sunday liquor we get to buy weed on sunday too right mn minnesota
 today is the best holy smokes its beautiful out. hello sandals 
 imma sing to these hoes. i hit the gin then we smoke
 south hempstead ny tue feb 21st am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @dublinhempco genealogically yes  but it mostly will give you a headachebut it will save our planet hempbetter planet cannabiswellness
 or is it the weed  
 come out and support the legalization of marijuana in south carolina at the state house at 230 today. we need the support it canwill happen
 green smoke to black
 @glambertoo1 @curiousher @pappiness  im calling bullshit. whats your source i actually voted for carter on my 18th bday smoked mucho pot
 commissioners approve a 15 000 grant to combat marijuana grpwing fields.
 support for marijuana growing like a weed in texas  uttt poll says 
 @carlquintanilla lifetime high is a good name for a medicinal marijuana dispensary
 pulled pork sandwich with slowroasted pork shoulder  smoker bbq sauce  melted provolone  
 @dalejr mr. jr watching dan pat show.  holy smokes your wife is gorgeous  lucky man 
 taco tuesday at pork shoppe we fill em with smoked brisket  pork amp chicken . . andersonville 
 uttt poll support for marijuana growing like a weed in texas 
 finna start selling fucking smoked sausage and shit . 
 no more weed for me ..
 this is to a member of your fandom. hemp me to get rid of curious cat @joegatto @jamessmurray @bqquinn @salvulcano 
 and weed 
 special prosecutor weeden wetmore will make his closing argument after lunch court reconvenes at 145 pm
 he reps broward amp he smokes sour what do you do
 do you smoke 
 rice is the hemp of food. hemp is the rice of textiles. versatilityrules
 godamn. i get super cranky when i dont smoke weed for a long time lol. or maybe im just naturally irritable
 @starfuckedmodel show off under your smokey black latex.
 i was surrounded by the marijuana
 out of weed 
 @thirsteacorp smokey and the bandit thirsteatrivia
 friday when i smoked 
 this why i smoke
 @reefermcgee @billmaher @gop  what does this have to do with my choice of medicine cannabis saved me from big pharma narcotics. be real
 the videos are being uploaded via @goodfellows52 smoke signal system...it will be awhile 
 ryan calling smokey robinson the smoke man on the office is one of the shows hidden gems
 zani caliboy enjoyinglife @ brushy mountain smokehouse and creamery 
 prosecutor weeden wetmore has spent the past 2 hours presenting his closing arguments. hes not done yet. claytontrial
 @thirsteacorp  smokey and the bandit  thirsteatrivia
 special prosecutor weeden wetmore has spent the last two hours and 15 minutes recapping his case against thomas clayton and he isnt done
 inside the great smokey mountain ferriswheel @ the island in pigeon forge 
 is that a weed
 special prosecutor weeden wetmore just wrapped up a nearly three hour summation in clayton murder trial
 south hempstead ny tue feb 21st pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 out of weed 
 vegas todays awesome deal at oasis medical. cannabis staymedicated 
 dyl and i having dinner tonight @ holy smoke 
 worked out  ate two meals and have dinner being made  bagged 195  and smoked a blunt with a shot of jameson.   im 20 years old and happy.
 @dorianomagliano come smoke a j with me pussy
 chips  salsa  hemp iced tea  ginger wheat beer. yes  a good supper @wr3kl00s 
 @ferndiggity clever have you ever heard of a lasagna garden brown and green layers that compost themselves and kill the weeds under them.
 shrimpandgrits with north country smokehouse andouille sausage so damned good. @pigtalenashua 
 straight slaying the competition in medical marijuana on my king 
 @hardball @splcenter weed out hate  java joes  des moines 
 i got a big weed stash  pockets fulla cash  jus seen a big ol ass.
 when u dream about the weed and wake up kushed
 started playing this video and smokey started flipping out trying to find the cat  
 so far i have written about riverdance  softball  golf  my tea party  trying sushi  eating with chopsticks  the smokey mountains.......
 guess smoking weed isnt an option for me 
 @therebuildingyr nah  cline still isnt that good.  you must be his weed dealer.
 pink volcanic smoke is above average 
 smokey smoke 
 stacked toasted amp smoked smore for delicious sweet finish markettablebistro virginia vaeats 
 wish i could have a list of all my google searches while im high  ...  what music video was craig and smokey watching on friday 
 @eggysway @cuddydave13 rick james ... thirtythreee chains  damnnnnnn smokey voice
 its weed cat 
 @brooklynbrewery staff dinner smoked lamb shoulder with persian rice cake pairs with tripel 
 fire water  made with watermelon @westernsonvodka  paired with grandmas amp smoked ribs with green beans texas 
 i smoke the pounds of the green 
 cajun twist smoked beef brisket dirty rice  chicken pepper onion mushroom kabobs. all seasoned with 
 to smoke or not to smoke
 where the smoke at 
 i need weed amp a strawberry banana smoothie
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 dont smoke but my eyes low
  so what we smoke weed  
 why do my eyes look like i just smoked a bowl on my break
 a guy tonight offered to do my homework and smoke me out well just marry me why dont u
 private smoke club saturday
 who tryna smoke hml
 whos down to smoke with me
 lifes short  smoke a port on a port.
 out of weed 
 life short smoke a port on the port
 banana  peach and peppery apricots.  drinking a hellion by @ritualbrewing @ ritual smokeshop    photo
 my uber driver just offered to smoke me out
 @thirsteacorp smokey and the bandit thirstteatrivia
 cots cityoftrees smoke out socialhighsesh sacramento saturday march 4th 630pm to 1200am we 
 cots cityoftrees smoke out socialhighsesh sacramento saturday march 4th 630pm to 1200am we 
 vacuous rex 2 moonlight weed santa sonata
 6th grader can you smoke on campus me no  definitely not  it is prohibited  6th grader points at group then w 
 smokes weed once 
 @trafficjamsam @foxnashville could be a reefer.
 u of mn extension weed resistant meetings in montevideo  slayton  st. james  and hutchinson 
 south hempstead ny wed feb 22nd am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 the plural of margarita is darn good time. happy nationalmargaritaday @ blue smoke 
 one time i smoked weed @ the versace store loudchallenge
 spicy. cheesy. smokey. our bacon wrapped jalapeo poppers are smoked amp brushed with our kc sweet bbq sauce. a perfe 
 @itslogie smokey the bear
 yesterdays eyeliner and mascara does not turn into todays smokey eye... it turns into a mess
 our all time favorite table setup in the bbq smokehouse we loved collaborating with 
 @gvmb1t @ohmyitsjiax smoked salmon on a whole grain crumpet wiv a blotty banana and moi protein mate
 credit where its due visible @dartmedia police presence at west end this morning. arrests made. fewer loiterers  panhandlers  smokers.
 inman squares veggie slice of the day  roasted red peppers  smoked mozzarella  olives and 
 feelin the philly. prime rib  grilled peppers and onions with smoked cheddar bchamel. enjoy 
 thank you @jeffreyhayden for being such a great supporter of a smoke free generation mnleg @smokefreegenmn 
 thank you to the people of mn for standing up in support of a smokefree generation mnleg @smokefreegenmn 
 smokes weed once 
 juicy joose james okeefe about to smoke cnn tells hannity hes set to release hundreds of hours of newsroom footage wikileaks style.
 @miramargaret johnnies  8 pm  weeded  and someone tries to take one of your salads  
 i taped the marathon of @animalkingdom on my dvr cable amp im watching it now amp about to get high blunt of weed hyfr 
 overdose on marijuana how thats called living life @ashleyylovee  
 im about to smoke by myself 
 another artist to keep en eye out for sxsw2017 @mollyjburch amazing slightly smokey vocals 
 what i learned in college today how to not get arrested for possession of weed when getting pulled over for speeding
 asknasa viewing with a magnifying glass  smokefog generation is visible in a great many nasa mars photos.  generating an atmosphere there
 @hleradio @kjmp52 @elliesangelwing @riraj7773331 @ufcyoda @bobonfarm @reeves5150 locally smoked brisket  sausage  turnip greens...
 stop by for free tastings  4 pints  smoked ribs  bbq specials at @north45pubs weekly brew hog night  thurs 69pm 
 james okeefe to smoke cnntells hannity hes set to release 100s of hours of newsroom footage wikileaks style. 
 beautiful sunny day here in malibu. if you are in need of getting a medical marijuana card  recommendation we are open today until 600pm.
 up blowin up this smoke.
 @1070bee @ewt79 @lesleyabravanel @hillaryclinton @potus.   why dont you smoke some more  pot .
 places ill miss green dragon  toots on s cuz of my people  deep south growlers amp liquid smoke.
 its on  smoked frog legs seasoned with @oldbayseasoning. 
 do you smoke weed
 james okeefe about to smoke cnn says hes set to release hundreds of hours of newsroom footage wikileaks style  
 bees on bees on knees from theeddybar  @malfygin  cheongsam smokey tea liqueur  lemon  yusuf 
 i had to smoke
 apparently its nationalmargaritaday  and @graffiato is serving up smokey @mezcalsilencio 
 my dad just called me to discuss the dangers of marijuana  feminism  and being a liberal. i need gin.
 sexy shimmer w some smokey eye blackzinfandelbeauty carlubin licensedesthetician 
 check out our new cw blog find captivating hemp and healthy living content here  whycw 
 the first bacon done on my new primo is off smoke. ended up using a mixture of hickory  apple 
 @myfriendleroy do you ever smoke brisket
 waiting to drop a smoked pork loin in this puppy. i bring this hopper to my fights  now my fruit will smell like bb 
 so can i smoke weed
 south hempstead ny wed feb 22nd pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 president smokey thomas letter to toronto life. re toronto south detention center 
 @rmitchell66 @bruhhhcomedy @xxericxx @theo54boi young toni and smokey the bearian
 going southwest  smoked bbq ribs w baked beans  a side of collard  greens and lime rice  
 going southwest  smoked bbq ribs w baked beans  a side of collard greens and lime rice  
 going southwest  smoked bbq ribs w baked beans  a side of collard greens and lime rice  
 all that and a smoke  
 look at smokey playing with peoples emotions @thesportsbosses 
 lt@skeltergt i dont smoke  cocks or otherwise
 thanks @aggieturf for coming out today to help identify my many weeds. hope to be ahead of them moving forward. panoramagolfclub
 hooper says she advocated for @hempsteadvill to get antipoverty grant  it was hempstead or @freeportny.
 if your living isnt great you should prolly smoke up
 popz smoked ribs 
 what a beautiful day to smoke marijuana
 kathleen lights green gold smokey eye. if you like this look watchhttpst.colwzkvazccwenloy 
 rest in peace wrestler johnny k9 aka bruiser bedlam from smokey mountain wrestling.  his real life persona was legendary to all who knew him
 1st smoked pork belly blt paired with @allagashbrewing confluence lvbeerweek pork 
 @traviserwinwriter i woke up from my nap and went out to the patio for a smoke and look at what my wife is readin 
 cooking a smoked sausage and cheesy orzo dish tonight
 gulf shrimp ceviche with smoked lime  blonde ale  tricolor chilis  micro cilantro and crispy 
 jury sentencing with probabation for felonies like rape in texas is a horrible idea  allows a defense attorney to weed out all thinkers.
 is james okeefe about to smoke cnn  hundreds of hours of newsroom footage wikileaks style | zero hedge 
 where the weed 
  weed 
 everythingfallsapartwithout weed.  best mood stabilizer ive ever taken. beats pharmaceuticals.
 this little baby will be up tomorrow on my youtube channel i did a halo smokey eye using the 
 work was awful but im finna smoke this blunt while i do my homework so its coo
 @expatjake @melanieeresman sure  just add weed n eat
 is james okeefe about to smoke cnn tells hannity hes set to release hundreds of hours of newsroom footage wikileaks style.
 @plagueofprogs @melanieeresman @expatjake youd be surprised how many cons smoke..they just dont talk about it in polite company
 bacon wrapped burnt ends go on the smoker. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android 
 @melanieeresman @plagueofprogs @expatjake just point a this guy and smoke it 
 @kirstenpowers  love your arguments  but arguing with kayleigh is like talking to a monkey. whats your secret wine or weed
 @highlandscots  about 100 students showed up tonight for our power hour to clean the weeds on the school farm.  th 
 hey @alexdonno  @dougplagens hosed me. i rushed home from smokey mountains to tune in. im back seat sally i guess.
 burnt ends  smoked pull pork amp killer corn foodporn @ char bar 
 this short hair girl with big glasses on jeopardy is cute holy smokes
 cats shouldnt be made to smoke cigarettes.
 5th grade boys learned about the mitzva of tzitzit and enjoyed smoked brisket with all the trimmings at the frieds 
 smoke some weed  have a jameson  then read the news about these 7 earthlike planets.
 where is the marijuana
 just smoke 
 when @dantakita isnt home to smoke me out and call out dube for being gay 
 i need to smoke so my right eye is as red as my left 
 and we smoke  
 @sporttaikjoe severe marijuana overdose lmao
 you smoke  
 i live in denver.ive been to many shows here.the most pot smokefilled show i have ever been to is @thundercat 
 finna smoke one and 
 i just made medicated banana bread and now my whole apartment reeks of banana weed fml
 get smoked like port
 lifes short what its worth  wrist work                                              lifes short smoke a port on a port
 omg watching bong appetite on @viceland fixing up a korean kimchi inspired cannabis infused meal...im losing my mind with hunger.
 lets stay up late and smoke a j
 @shmamilla sweet thanks guys lets all smoke a blunt together
 twitter weeding out troll behaviour  irish times  
 lifes short smoke a port
 hb973 new garrett county commissioners  marijuana facilities  location 
 interesting review on table 23 by @tallytable. gotta try the smoked mullet croquettes. 
 i smoke my shit in peace
 south hempstead ny thu feb 23rd am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 smoke more weed unleash the green.
 headline correction @senrobportman weeds out ohioans  americans..... 
 thanks for the weed
 my first summer of college my boys got tired of rolling my weed for me and locked me in my dorm until that bitch was perfect. omg.
 its to early in the morning for my bosses anti weed propaganda bullshit 
 blowin big smoke
 street tacos are smoked pork belly  chorizo  sweet onion  cilantro and sriracha. athensga 
 my favorite color is featured. a smoked out olive eye for lorac and olive green lips from nyx 
 where theres smoke... 
 @ggarlock that sounds like a burlesque routine not a stance. does he do pee tricks  too shoot smoke rings launch pingpong balls
 to smoke or not to smoke
 cut pharmaceutical production and replace it with cannabis.
 where is the weed 
 must be from that weed smoke eyes chinese cause we smoking sour diesel
 smoke weed 
 new sit down jamaican @thejerkshop on lewis in bedstuy. from khem  who smoked jerk all summer in front of the school.
 havent smoked  any weed since sunday  im starting to withdraw 
 this isnt your average calamari..weve added double smoked bacon  banana peppers  and chillilime aioli 
 @willfurr im just over here looking for the smoke at the pacers front office if pg gets traded.
 smoke weed  
 new meal plan for this week smoked brisket and you dont have to cook...at all im in 
 @cheveedodd you should start a mountain weed farm.
 tough decisions must be made in preparation for the nativegardentourwatch chris discuss the dilemma of weeding. 
 @reeferchiefer @chopsumbong monet suburb  beautiful colors you captured here  reeferchiefer 
 im at hofstra university  @hofstrau in hempstead  ny 
 veterans lobbied for marijuana reform yesterday at the capitol. 
 come by and grab lunch today. serving brisket and pulled pork just off the smoker starting at 1100.  we are at 10 
 lunch with a pooh bear @ smokey ds bbq in des moines  ia w @designed4ewe  
 finna smoke lots of trees and learn how to embroider today
 scoop   smoke
 lunch with a pooh bear @ smokey ds bbq in des moines  ia w @designed4ewe  
 im finna smoke this dope .... 
 and got fake weed plus window jumping lessons. 
 @tellerbanks  that is acceptable according to smoker statutes
 @nbcnews rt to support  hb 2165 repealing marijuana prohibition in texas  
 @nbcnews rt to support  hb 2165 repealing marijuana prohibition in texas  
 my old man offered to clean my bong water before i smoke w homies 
 lifes short smoke a port on a port 
 @influenstervox @marcbeauty i love the smudging effect for an instant smokey eye @slturbeville highliner
 no one needs to be in the sun  surrounded by dust and weed smoke for a weekend  esp someone pregnant.
 swank purple smoke  too. 
 gop we want to stop crime  completely ignores the fact that legal marijuana significantly drops the crime rate 
 yo new seether at the 420 smokebreak today tune in @potter98rock
 i want smoke eaters today
 .@binns just smoke the weed in the bathroom assigned to you by the government
 but not on marijuana 
 me  micah can you roll your rs  micah  i can roll weed
 still nvr smoked with oomf she must b scared
 lunch blog applewood smoked marinated fillet mignon my own rub  ill pass out after this foodcoma lunch 
 barbecue and sweet tea. @ henrys smokehouse 
 hi my name is susan  i love eating fruit  wearing comfy clothes  and smoking weed in the sunshine
 yes  you can smoke in the venue tonight akron just cool like that
 which weedman take cash app
 south hempstead ny thu feb 23rd pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @mercobaseball @blakecheesman he smoked a bomb off me  its required.
 hay bale garden no weeds  no fertilizers and less watering what a simple but amazing concept   via @shareaholic
 finna smoke
 beautiful evening for a beautiful smoke. thank you mr. jorge from @jnvcigars 
 smoke again and smoke again
 we have brought it back. the carne cabeza.  12 hour smoked pulled pork with provolone cheese and 
 @vice good. weed is degenerate
 great stuff at 2m smokehouse today. out of ribs  but the brisket was phenomenal. loved all the pickle varieties too. 
 .@redskytapasbar thanks they should be great. smoked at 275 for 90 minutes. seasoned wlanes bbq  sweet heat.
 checked in automatically with the uber checkin app  at @rallysportsbar  smokehouse 
 im at @rallysportsbar  smokehouse in toronto  on 
 im at @rallysportsbar  smokehouse in toronto  on w @whitestar2009 
 i hoed smokey 
 @jdub26pt2 clearly. a flatulent compliments to the chef renaissance man whose favorite song must be smoke gets in your eyes.
 omg did you really say this holy smokes 
 @sheilavee look at how reefer madness style journalism attacks cannabis fakenews 
 when he smokes weed 
 @jessimaepeluso snacks is code for weed  isnt it 
 will smoke a port out the hole in my neck
 @ewhow is it in weed atheism lol
 smoking weed  sippin tea amp makin cookies with the fam bless
 @dylancozens  nice smoke today. keep it up. management is watching. stayhungry
 @puppymnkey @criticsocial i support legalization of weed.
 closing out schooled at @goodgoodcomedy is @thedookness  talking about her first time smoking weed. a cat is involv 
 who wants to smoke some beans
 should i smoke or 
 how spontaneous am i  well one time we was heading to miami but ended up in the smokey mountains instead @sierranation11 @lanapresley
 @mirandalambert holy smokes. what a show. seriously my favorite 
 lifes short smoke a port
 thank you @theabitabeer for the perfect pairings with tonights tasting menu smokedaddybbq 
 i have weed 
 copper smokey eye   
 how to sparkly smokey eye  sparkly sparkleymakeup 
 9.8 pounds of pork loin in the fridge to brine. excited to put it in the smoker tomorrow. fingers crossed.
 this is why i smoke 
 why do i not have copious amounts of weed at arms reach
  who will smoke weed now
 @siientdreams reaper being able to shape shift and turning himself into a smokey cat. sits on jacks lap and demands attention.
 have a weed meal 
 roses are red  the weed is green  this pot is for you  yadidimean.
 mostly any purple weed is my new favorite so surefires black cherry soda is kinda just like a 
 colorado local news reacts to trumpsean spicers threats of crackdown on state sanctioned recreational marijuana  
 im about to smoke some weed
 im finna smoke my own dope
 @daledixon @texaninoz @rbgsydney malvas are a big family. tall pink malva grow almost like weeds in maine.@dianeyoung77
 theres a hickory smoked turkey leg  a bowl of rice  and a bottle of mae ploy sweet chili sawws calling my name 
 we had the biggest smoke session tonight
 omg yes. every time i smoke i take a shower it be feelin so gooooood 
 just smoked a dutch from lake charles to orange.
 smoke   smoke amp smoke 
 we can smoke again
 @nikkiciggy @quebecsmokers omg yes id love for a hot woman 2 be smoke blow sucking my cock fantastic
 substitute in first hour  i just want to point out that someone around here smells like weed so you might want to look into that
 south hempstead ny fri feb 24th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @realdonaldtrump some of my finest hours have been spent on my back veranda  smoking hemp and observing as far as my eye can see.
 friday 224 pulled pork bbqslow smoked with applewood sampling of beef brisket kennys baked beans fresh cut slaw 
 beautiful shot from my morning run.  @ weedon island preserve 
 not a fan of this slow sound. i listen to future to get hype not smoke weed.
 big bag of weed amp a muddy ice tea.
 our hot smoked salmon is a great protein option for events the fillets are brined  smoke roasted  amp basted w a h 
 holy smokes i was blown away by this burger @swensensmiami needs to be on your burger radar 
 a history of detroit northern  19162007. all girls school now  dia. distinguished alum smokey robinson  aretha fr 
 holy smokes what a dream the russians are having. rostov draws manchester united in europa league. unbelievable
 interesting article canadian marijuana lps are producing just 5 of what the market will need  cannabis canada
 @boomsadatboom @julietselassie you love it smokey
 the baseball team will have its smoker saturday  february 25 from 611pm. come out and support the team and have great time. @scmschools
 its a beautiful day to smoke outside
 how bout them hogs on fire keep it up  guys smoke those auburn tigers tomorrow. wps my
 the baseball team will have its smoker sat  feb 25 at the moose lodge from 611 pm. come out and support the team and have a great time
 wearing heavy contour and smokey eyes to school is trendy now trust
 @mirandalambert what a show. holy smokes. seriously hands down my 
 @mirandalambert what a show. holy smokes. seriously hands down my 
 eat po boys . . . poboy friedchickenpoboy shrimppoboy catfishpoboy @ the lancaster smokehouse 
 hong kong phooey fritter smoked and fried pork fritter  gouda  mustard n mayo  ltop on toasted buns 
 like every morning when i smoke i just have this urge to want to clean
 smoke some weed. 
 only 16 amp shes a baddie  love amanda  and this smokey eye look she did  
 where the weed at  
 its a beautiful day to enjoy freshly smoked goodness while exercising your craftfreedom. especially for 3. 
 no not the weed omg 
 im at smoke machine in coral springs  fl 
 new hempstead  ny contemporary ranch with golf course amp lake views 460 000. carole@carolenovickrealty.com 
 brampton project paneled walls  smoked grey crystal chandelier classic contemporary design 
 hunned spokes amp chronic smoke
 silver tones make us swoon we are totally in love with this beautiful smokey silver that 
 when in texas... @ smokey johns bbq 
 amp smoke  
 just finished taking a free smokey eye makeup class at @sephora  amazing team amp talented people feeling beautiful 
 states rights for bathrooms  but not for marijuana  its all about big pharmaceutical and big money
 come try our latest cold weather cure smokey tomato and red chile chicken pozole only at taco zone 
 my classmate smells like super strong weed and im having an intense headache 
 @machusonline what one smells the most woodsy  smokey
 smokes weed once 
  @ great smokey mountains 
 repost in hd bbq smoked ribs foodporn from rodneyscottsbbq @ rodney scotts bbq 
 house prepared smoked brisket ravioli brisket freshpasta ravioli eatpgh 
 it would appear that there is a wildfire or control burned going on near clarksville. city is covered in a smokey haze. arwx
 maine shrimp with aji panco seco  smoked yogurt  chimichurri  and cilantro salad 
 applewood smoked ribs amp tips bbqdetroit detroit barbecue barbeque eat pork chicken 
 south hempstead ny fri feb 24th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 the international cannabis farmers association has a story in todays sacramento bee. read it here.  
 we have brought it back. the carne cabeza.  12 hour smoked pulled pork with provolone cheese and 
 only weed 
 its a beautiful day to smoke
 big fire above jacobs pickles on the uws. the whole neighborhood is super smokey... hoping everyone is ok. 
 chilled smoked duck breast salad served with a raspberry vinaigrette. wheatridge cheflife 
 its simple. you wanna smoke weed and be working at burger king or quit that shit and earn a stash look at me.  
 @caaofficial @youtube straight from denver  colorado usa home of retail weed and awesome mountain 
 @alaskagal1 pms try some weed relax
 our first trip to weedon islamd what a beautiful place definitely 
 who tryna slide to this lil smokeback with the gang tonight
 music courtesy of haley weed. jared lemine on guitar. @ bold bean 
 music courtesy of haley weed. jared lemine on guitar. @ bold bean 
 minimizing the opiate epidemic by focusing on marijuana ... score one for big pharma. long live the gop  lover of 
 @joerogan they grow hemp in colorado...  why dont you source your @onnit supplements with it  
 i dont know who tonights anthem singers were but holy smokes they were great  i love to hear them at every game.  amazing flapanthers
 fdny battling a smokey 4th alarm fire  with over 177 firefighters  
 fdny battling a smokey 4th alarm fire  with over 177 firefighters  
 smoke while we smoke... 
 holy smoke batman 
 @johnlegere august.3 1973 you smoked alot of pot listening to pink floyd darkside of the moon
 just dropped some  on ig @ozenadixon makeup deets posted on there of my pink glitter smokey eye  
 @braincandylive have you used the not smoke machines at the same time as the hovercraft
 so what he smokes 
 holy. smokes. friggen awesome  this happened @thedeanambrose @deanambrosenet 
 first game of michaels senior year  they beat smokey mountain 112.  michael had 4 at bats... 
 all i smoke is 93
 holy smokes the creatures team the chocolate chicas just took 3rd 
 double tap if you love a good warm tone smokey eye  
 tonights steak feature center cut of ribeye served with a roasted potato medley amp broccoli. finished with a smoke 
 highlights from tonights dinner. smoked sea bass  beef tenderloin taco  marsala glazed beef rib  and pastrami slid 
 i didnt smoke weed today cuz my chest too sick and i ended up wit eye doc apt  all new tires  bought draws  saw a movie 
 @srmurphy1 those ribs look amazing. what is your fav dry rub looking to smoke another pork butt for the acctourney 
 all people do is smoke now its so annoying.
 i can smoke a blunt tonight  in peace 
 me amp smokey earlier 
 rolling up my weed and i peep its purple 
 23 then @knuthstudio painted them with smoke flares. turneresque desertisland desertx 
 swf003 @ great smokey mountains 
 this why i smoke my damn self pmtfo
 @kathleenlights1 was flawless in her last insta post no one rocks a smokey eye like her queen iloveyou
 how do i have no weed
 @nc5 watching now.. you know its kind of ironic that its called the great smokey mountains  and its earned the name now. climatechange 
 i almost tried to smoke my controller omg
 @grannyst  or it means ali jr. brought back a little ganja with him when he returned from jamaica mon
 where theres smoke... theres  
 fdny battling a smokey 4th alarm fire  with over 177 firefighters  
 great group this morning for the runnerdudesaturdaygrouprun . 60 runners weedoggie beautiful 
 south hempstead ny sat feb 25th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @sarahglime early morning thoughts while sitting in a parking lot watching young people smoke there life away
 a deer talks on diego me do deer normally talk jm no  but alicias deer friend talks. me does alicia smoke hallucinogens jm no
 tobacco smoked pork for dinnerpartydnld tonight officialwinstonsalem @ 1703 restaurant and catering 
 the grits is smoking weed 
 its smoke out saturday  folks. the pig will be served at noon with sausage and corn dirty rice  and mustardcollar 
 making some bacon on the bge with applewood smoke. bbqbreakfast 
 to smoke or not to smoke
 @willardclub @pimpingpolitics @mrshinnh @mrhinnh   my trump counter ritual  hours in smoker bacon wrap pork loin w 
 the epicenter of cannabis research amp innovation  @ganjagirls @superlativemag @bitchslapmag 
 the epicenter of cannabis research amp innovation    @ganjagirls 
 @mrshinnh @willardclub @pimpingpolitics @mrhinnh   im in love with my smoker.  im always on it  even for others. certified bbq judge too.
 happy mardi gras get yo mardi gras fill with our smoked shrimp sliders  bens gumbo  red beans n rice mardigras 
 its a beautiful day to smoke 
 plumes of smoke from the attic of the vacant historic corbett building at 7th st amp 6th av. fire trucks causing clos 
 ya smoked these. omg. off the hook delicious  
 hickory smoked duroc pork belly burnt ends are on the special board today while supplies last @ 
 where the weed @ 
 smokey super ultra muffin breakfast. home smoked cheddar  beef jerky crumbles and bacon. tasty 
 when cannabis is used as medication   the outcome is absolutely amazing 
 no your mom has a stash of homemade cannabis peanut butter cups in the fridge.
 follow smokey the cat on instagram 
 grand opening scotch plains bbq beef brisket slow smoked texas style 14 hours. jalapeo cheddar sausage 
 grand opening scotch plains bbq beef brisket slow smoked texas style 14 hours. jalapeo cheddar sausage 
 grand opening scotch plains bbq beef brisket slow smoked texas style 14 hours. jalapeo cheddar sausage 
 pasta jambalaya smoked duck and andouille sausage and shrimp....and a crawfish 
 today ive been followed by a weed company and a republican 
 where the weed at
 trump is reversing marijuana legalization and reinstating private prisons. connect the dots. anyone who supports th 
 checked in automatically with the uber checkin app  at @rallysportsbar  smokehouse 
 if you smoke cigs  you understand how great a cig is after a big meal. orgasmic.
 @rhyshoskins22  nice smoke rhys.as i said to your fellow bash brother @dylancozens stayhungry management is watching. like 2cu2 in philly
 lane county community members are super stressed about marijuana rights. probably we could have all predicted that issue would be a big one.
 @soimlikeword @ap i believe he smoked out with amy carter
 @fmanjoo manjoos ganja has a nice ring to it...
 who wants to smoke weed on the stoop tonight w me
 what weed are you
 9lbs of beef rib goodness about to hit the smoker. with secret texas beef rub.  aka salt and pepper. s amp ps the c 
 sweet jesus i just love this crew @ moat mountain smoke house amp 
 service delivers lemonade to your door  with gift of marijuana 
 south hempstead ny sat feb 25th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 where the marijuana at   
 baby back  baby back  ribs 12 rack of ribs  with a smokey jack and pear bbq sauce  celery and fennel slaw  served with fries  16.99
 hey kids catch me on weeding out the stoned tonight in worcester  ma. 9pm tix 
 apple banana spring roll with green tea ice cream @ smokey burger organic 
 day 3 of voting. doing a little yard work today and look what we have in the weed eater. from 
 in 11th grade horry county tried to pull me out of ib and sent me to alternative school for having .7 marijuanas in 
 holy smokes its beautiful outside in tempe today
 freee smoke 
 a quick update in regards to the film highsical   the cannabis inspired weedmusical . staylifted staygrateful 
 the principality smokey 
 when your client is beautiful to begin with  youre just adding a little glam. smokey purples  
 @nmfuture assualted a cop w deadly weapon resist arrest weed charge amp organized crime
 thank goodness for clearchoicecannabis lakewoodwa legalizeit  cannabis seattlestoners 
 getting lit for ganja tonight
 makeup menu groomed eyebrows for starters  soft smokey eye with a side of contour and 
 im at smokey point chapel in marysville  wa 
 @margackles @fredsfam too late. btw this shot killed me when it happened. holy smokes.
 we can smoke
 triplejs jjj bbq homestead goodfood abouttogohurtmyself @ triple js smokehouse barbecue amp 
 @lyn1350 good evening  est  hope youve had a productive day ive been weeding.
 im at smokehouse barbecue  independence  @smokehousebbq in independence  mo 
 finna smoke my head off tonight 
 im coming over tonight and bringing weed 
 sippin lean and smokin weed  im from the southhhh
 prepping a 14 lb brisket to slow smoke for the @boulderwell staff 
 tried a new restaurant tonight..... smoke the burger joint  pretty bomb 
 because beef short ribs plates are the bomb  thats why  i smoked these beauties on my @traegergrills 
 @stanmcintire @oldgeekgal some weeding amp culling of the party is necessary to make that happen. like mccain amp graham amp collins  etc
 fuck how you living  cash money i get it @ shamu smokehouse 
 fuck how you living  cash money i get it @ shamu smokehouse 
 hi im shaking i want weed
 when people think you have a smokey eye but its literally just eyeshadow and under eye bags 
 drinking a smoked blueberry by @locustcider @ sugar land  tx  
 them all you do is smoke weed  me  
 mans texas arrest shows conflicts over medical marijuana 10tv 
 lorain mans trip to city hall ends with marijuanarelated charges 
 @cutfortime were at the bar chatting about mezcal  and our question is is it typically smokey is that a common quality
 @dickallen15 . @phillies  smoke bomb  thrown at dick allen. 
 out smoke 
 secondhand smoke kills. fyi. shade to my friends. direct shade.
 i hope my wife is a smoke show like thomas rhetts 
 used to produce a damn fine array of smoke rings w cigs  but swur i just exhaled this crazy spiraling vortex visual vape message
 bought a half a p to smoke and pint of purple to chase it 
 @tdub2lit i dont smoke omg 
 next up pork butt smoke on the @biggreenegg seasoned with red hot riplet seasoning from @oldviennallc 
 south hempstead ny sun feb 26th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 @purposefulact where was your video shot from yesterday it was beautiful reminds me of smokey mts in tn
 flammenkche with smoked salmon at caribou caf phillyfood frenchbistro phillystyle 
 hello  my name is the spotted wood sorrel and i am not a pesky weed.   looking a bit like 
 who tryna scoop me for a fillup and weed smokes  stranded
 who tryna scoop for a fillup and weed smokes  stranded
 hundreds of scientists urge trump to withdraw from un. climatechange agency  via @washtimes  hemp trees
 windows down and rolling through opel mack  omg i smell weed me  welcome to opel
 preparing to smoke a pork picnic roast brined rubbed and ready ndsumeatscience 
 sun blasting out of the smokey  looking clouds in the blue  sky skyline sunblast sun 
 rolled pork loin stuffed with italian sausage spinach asiagocheese going to smoke this 
 these lil niggas selling weed you aint making no profit so whats the point
 not smoke 
 to the neighbor who blasts oldies every sunday morning  thank you amp bless your soul. i absolutely love waking up to smokey ribinson
 lets go to south mountain and smoke a few bluntssss.
 sunday special smoked pork tenderloin  red eye gravy  green beans  parker house roll  side 
  im sticking to weed from this day forward
 @siromatic oh yeah a girl dog named smokey
 nothing like some burnt ends from dalies smokehouse bbq stlouis stl burnt delicious 
 where theres smoke ... 
 smoke smoke smoke
 i will smoke your ass 
 smoke being smoke
 its a beautiful sunday afternoon   lets smoke and thank god for life
 sitting in my apartment alone yelling at my cat about the wizardry brad marchand just displayed on that goal  holy smokes
 wow.. conforto smoked that homer
 @seanspicer attributing marijuana usage to the opioid epidemic is ludicrous. try the pharmaceutical companies  or do you have stock options
 @mishlgeexoxo smoked pork steak porkbutt . and meat loaf. you have to try smokedmeatloaf its awesome
 finna call the police on oomf  i been tryna buy weed since yesterday and he keep beating around the bush 
 todays fridge clean out featuring a cheddar dutch baby  smoked salmon  spicy kale  mango salsa  
 @brownsfan32 smoked a brisket yesterday it was amazing 
 from a slab of bacon to delicious blt sliders  todays special...thick cut cherrywood smoked 
 kyana just kidnapped me  smoked me out  and gave me an organic facial.  someone needs to wifeherrrrrrrrrr
 my ride needs to get here so i can smoke that sweet sweet weed
 yesterdays mascara  todays smokey eye
 very enjoyable on a sunday afternoon watching my smoker do its thing.... creature of habit 
 gop lawmakers circulate bill  push for hemp comeback in wisconsin 
 south hempstead ny sun feb 26th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 competition ready slow smoked pork ribs @calicomfort   calibbq lownslow turnintime kcbs 
 strict marijuana laws benefit no one but for profit prisons i wonder how many gop folk own shares in for profit pr 
 high off weed and lots of gin
 we have brought it back. the carne cabeza.  12 hour smoked pulled pork with provolone cheese and 
 do you amp your biz partners understand the chemistry of cannabis knowledge  power  profit  amp prowess. 
 nothing like a good cup of cannabis infused  caf con marijuana cannabiscoffee coffeelover wakeampbake 
 big smoke session
 @mohammadonna @cernovich @vandives omg a marijuana addict
 @airbnb up in smoke. with my brother  a nam vet who died last october. love you sonny. started saving for your service at vet cemetery. luvu
 every time i decide i will go for a natural makeup look i accidentally wear a glittery smokey eye and 3 different highlights
 @nannisss344 i washed my weed  kill me now ahaha 
 @jimmiejohnson while i love the entire hendricks cast  i missed carl edwards and smoke out there today
 beef short ribs on @biggreenegginc tonight.  smoked w mesquite  rubbed with @meatchurch holy 
 surprised me with this one. not usually a smokey kinda brew gu... smoked vanilla imperial porter 
 we already have weed  we dont need big pharma to make it super expensive  
 smoke weed
 yoni sprinkling smoked salt flakes over his tuna crudo with watermelon  radish  and citrus. 
 slow down on the weed you starting to look a lil burnt out
 lifes short  smoke a port
 i forgot how much i loved the show weeds
 southwest smokehouse burger at @chilis 
 tonights smoked dinner baby back ribs amp jalapeo poppers meatchurch 
 course no.2 @thoroughbredto@thegabardine@beausallnatural beer dinner tea smoked trout w trex gruit 
 @missangeladavis smoked neckbones  blackeye peas with smoked neckbones  maccheese  sweet potatoes  fried cabbage and cornbread
 @realmikefox shaking. he smoked some cannabis  mary jane and within minutes all shaking stopped completely and could talk normal.justsayin
 @anildash @davidkharbour this story broke me. heart hurts for his wife  family. the hate has to stop. clear the smoke  break the mirrors...
 great me and aria finna smoke in peace 
 the best burps are smoke burps. the ones that remind you of the awesome meal you had 9 hours 
 ackee salt fish vegan style collars with gluten free fried dumplings ganja roots and health  
 ackee salt fish vegan style collars with gluten free fried dumplings ganja roots and health  
 of course i had to add some smoke bombs to tonights family session. ive been photographing 
 loved serving up some smokey gumbo tonight for @knon893fm mardi gras gumbo party. thanks to the voice of the people 
 tasso ham  slow smoked heritage pork shoulder. . . charcuterie handmade local wholesale 
 hay bale gardening no weeds  no fertilizers and less watering what a simple but amazing concept  horse and man 
 nose smokey  roasted barley. profile bitter chocolate  smokey  light finish... cowboy curtis 
 when the smoke is in your eyes  you look so alive
 to smoke or not to smoke 
 whether its weed or stem cells   michael j. fox is looking really good tonight oscars
 i am watching old marty and weed uncle sing hamilton  this isnt like hell at all oscars
 on my bucket list drinking a beer and smokin a j with @sethrogen...only if i smoked js  though...
 @81launchcity @dkrazy88 @mantobertoc green smoke
 when you do all the weeds 
 holy smokes @johnlegend sing it.
 omg all that smokey eye makeup is so hot 
 no more weed for a while again
 5 do you smoke
 both but i smoke more 
 having a chucky marathon with some pizza and some good smoke 
 holy smokes that was awesome oscars bestpicture 
 or weed 
 @tatianaking she smoke pelleted out like batman
 mostly smoke  
 no matter how much weed i smoke i never get red eyes  born blessed 
 what are you doing after you smoke this 
 is weed as haram as pork
 @moniboyce holy smokes ... that place looks bobbybitchen     it means super awesome .. that pic i havent seen till now nice
 @gucci1017 no smoke
 south hempstead ny mon feb 27th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 finna smoke this doobie first
 catch me comedying this week tue green lantern  lex  730  wed uk cats den  8 thur twisted cork  lex  830 fri church of cannabis  indi
 yeen hml  dont be all night weed might be gone  
 i been tryna hyu for some smoke 
 sippin some coffee... smokin some weed...  jus uploaded a new song from me check it out
 @smokeyfranks72 appreciate it big smokey
 on saturday  some of our students volunteered at project makeover. they painted and pulled weeds 
 all i really smoke is sour d
 @nwsseattle @komonews @king5seattle @kiro7seattle received almost 1 of snow in 25 minutes. 140th st ne and smokey point blvd in marysville
 last day watching @fox5vegas they slam marijuana every chance they get and there is no real news i tried because i like gay jason and mike
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 lifes short smoke a port
 finished ham brined  smoked and glazed. chefmattswain kitchenlife cheflife 
 prosecutor weeden wetmore says he will likely seek the maximum penalty for beard life in prison without parole. claytontrial
 welcome to the greener side of living  medicinal cannabis gets the goahead in south 
 scoop smoke a b i have no friendssssss
 special city weve got middle eastern smoked short rib  beet hummus  spicy greek yogurt  
 then you are too ditzy for weed. wait  mature first. js 
 new song and music video out now dj smokey  i got up next official music video by @positivepabs check it out now 
 @ironmonkbeer this evening. pork tenderloin  baby back ribs and smoked salmon all special 
 sam travis loves spring training. he just smoked a threerun homer here in west palm to score pablo and hanley.
 ap  state responds to appeal over definition of usable marijuana  bdcnews
 where the weed at
 my emotional forecast today 60 anxiety attack  25 cannabis tea  99 hot gas
 finna smoke a blunt and watch sausage party 
 @capitalweather @dougkammerer @dullesairport  whats up with all this smoke in chantilly thick and smokey
 pop of aqua blue on a smokey eye moreaboutbeauty daytonamua orlandomua @ daytona beach  florida 
 tryna smoke a j with @hippiesabotage after their show in dc
 tired af eyes  low and blood shoot red and the sad part its not from weed  its from work  ugh
 so i just made my self some tea out of my weed stems... im high af 
 lifes short smoke a port on a port in ny
 how to get stoned with no weed easy  be a muslim lesbian  
 israel makes it official cannabis is not a crime @cnni 
 spent the day exploring the smokey mountains. @ great smoky mountains national park 
 israel makes it official cannabis is not a crime 
 you smoke 
 south hempstead ny mon mar 6th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 wassup smokey here 
 wild boar bratwurst and smoked pork belly with aged cheddar polenta and sweet n sour peppers. 
 id be living in beaver creek if i aint smoke 
 it is starting to look smokey outside.
 perfect storm tonight. glassraanta in  clendening whos been a good 3rd pair d out. nvr rooting against nyr but good time to get smoked 51
 happy birthday to me...excellent ribs at smoke jack @ smokejack  southern grill amp bbq 
 thank you ranger dana for a fantastic presentation on the great smokey mountains nps everyone 
 whats a brewer to do on a relaxing day off... make smoked brisket chili with delicious 
 quartz and smokey quartz earrings being prepped to head to @lemonwellness quillandquartz 
 smokes someone out gets smoked out do you have cash for me 
 quartz and smokey quartz earrings being prepped to head to @lemonwellness quillandquartz 
 @acarl1985 interestingly  that is all cleared up. must have been contact weed eye from you or @mayaayana
 is today taco tuesday i had smoked chicken soft tacos.
 i have weed 
 @calagtoday is there a resistant weed story link is it resisting being posted  
 our smoked beef short rib from sunday nights @chswineandfood toasted barbecue finale party. we 
 to sale weed or do porn which is a better option 
 we have a designated smoke device zone and thankfully the moron who messed up yosiefs jersey isnt welcome back. 
 wander where the wifi is weak p.s. the jeep is for sale @ smokey 
 wander where the wifi is weak p.s. the jeep is for sale @ smokey 
 first arriving engine reports light smoke in the building. lnk
 magentaskies arent visible above the smokey mountains when flying at night  having trouble keeping my music connec 
 all i do is smoke weed and then smoke more weed
 i want a veggie burger from smokey bones
 @elliottfprice sophie has talent.id get that laminated and donate it to the deli in to that sells mtl style smoke meat lol
 im feelin joselines sparkly smokey eye and bright pink lip lahhatl
 @pollytheanna @spottheloon2010 my family use to do that in the smokey mts. ha
 i am outside tryna enjoy my lil smoke sesh but there are feral cats fornicating
 this place in carmel where theres this well and all this green scenery man its so peaceful and you can just smoke 
 where theres smoke 
 please keep all of the oklahoma firefighters in your thoughts. we live an hour south of the fire and our house is surrounded by smoke.
 they are will be smoke 3.17.17 
 all i smoke is 
 jason offered me weed amp i said no...dummy
 finna smoke by myself 
 @dockcop actually  hows this ciderbrined pulled pork with cornbread  smoked bacon baked beans and lots of bourbo 
 all this smoke is burning my eyes 
 holy smokes  go ahead @bricheer13 
 i need summer to arrive so i can smoke outside in fucking peace
 @hspaulds chelsea haha rack them this is my house smells faint trace of marijuana our father who art in heaven hallowed be thy name th
 to smoke or..... 
 @barryjohnson she was investigating how hemp might be used in flavors sold to the masses.
 netflix amp ... smoke
 same smoke 
 san jose cop arrested  allegedly stole suspects marijuana  via @mercnews
 who doesnt love bbq baby back ribs these were smoked under the grate for 2.5 hrs then wrapped 
 @mycommtrans 3rd request   please reschedule parking lot cleaning at smokey point transit center. 10pm is a tad late for that noise. thanks
 smoke after smoke
 its a smokey moon over tulsa tonight. 
 i love ribs. smoked slow and low. vertebrae disgusting. on the menu at malarago 
 more weed  
 i smoke at 420 am and pm yaaallll stoner
 lemon oregano roasted frogfish  legumes  baby artichokes  smoked olives smallplates tasting 
 south hempstead ny tue mar 7th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 the smoke from the west texas fires is awful this morning.  praying for everyone fighting them.
 i can smoke again
 this morning sunrise from the smokey haze from the fire down south loph county .@chriscbs4 @christomer 
 nutmilk 37 soaked brazilnutsampcashews. sunflowerseed meal. hemplt3s. peanut amp sesame butters. pepitas. maple syrup. 
 @raaaaaaaandy5 ive lived through this  a friend whose weed budget would have covered a cat plan so no er for kidney stones. kids today...
 the smoke from oklahoma is making for a beautiful sunrise in west texas. 
 this smoke stank man....
 so is marijuana  whats your point 
 celia hodes on weeds is my spirit animal.
 weatherchannel fort bragg aaf  nc treehigh  grasslow  weednone see  for the full forecast or download
 tacosandhenny gonna be such a vibe tonight  beautiful women  tacos  weed  henny  seriously what can be better
 its the weed
 gunna slow down smoking for awhile  i smoke too much and its starting to affect me in the worst ways
 nahh ima smoke his weed then leave
 meet our oddcouple  smokey and maya strangebedfellows 
 but weed isnt smh 
 hi my name is gucci mane im addicted to everything bad bitches  fast cars  weed amp promethazine 
 smoked bbq pork chop 10oz seasoned  apple amp peach wood smoked 
 he finna get smoked today 
 all of our stops  including ours at @wrightstate are smoke free we kindly ask riders to not light up at any of our 
 rogan josh with halal smoked brisket halal brisket halalbrisket roganjosh curry spice 
 getting ready for the day starts with natural looking makeup then quickly escalates to a smokey eye and bold lipstick
 or take it back to detroit to smoke smh
 is it just me or is it really smokey
 lifes short  smoke a port
 all our customers at smokes every friday and saturday night  @arnulfo79 
 did you know we have a green puerh called impression its a little smokey  with hints of some 
 @sisonlikenissan @calicomfort @jeffdotseth he knows his slow smoked bbq but he might be a little biased. we look forward to your visit
 but not weed 
 attn customers unfortunately  we will be closing early today due to smoke from the nearby 
 debate over recreational marijuana heats up at capitol 
 the @billygoatchips have partnered with @sugarfiresmoke to create a sugarfire smoke house handcrafted seasoned pot 
 history professorwe had a horse named smokey. one day he found my sisters weed stash. he was lit for 7 to 8 hours. it was awesome.
 new music video out now dj smokey  i got up next official music video by @positivepabs  
 new song amp music video out now dj smokey  i got up next official music video by @positivepabs link 
 @jongyeonji smoked  aldubxdtbysinagnibenjie
 @jongyeonji smoked meat  aldubxdtbysinagnibenjie
 yooooooooooo that ball smoked his face omg
 todays stuffed burger  seafood stuffed smoked pork burger | filled with crawfish  crab  
 smokes weed once 
 is that a weed
 im flexxed up call me smokey next up 
 nah ill just play leaf green n smoke light green today.
 no weeds for me 
 thank you @osuplants for the personal weed id lesson. i enjoy learning from you as a professor amp coach. osupss 
 washed ass fry. super washed ass jeff. washed ass dwill. poor mans steve kerr. a smoker with jumper. and a dude tha 
 254 smoke some
 having dinner @ taino smokehouse in spring valley  ny w @jonathanslavin 
 holy smoke..... headed home to clearwater and alligator alley shutdown and were getting turned around just outside 
 for those that were asking  my marijuanarelated content is now mirrored over at @tfvcommunicates...
 todays special slow smoked bbq brisket sandwich served on soft pretzel roll with housemade slaw amp tangy bbq sauc 
 the pa auditor general wants to legalize and tax marijuana.. details tonight @brcnews13
 i hear idaho doesnt like weed  idanope @ boise  idaho 
 not to be dramatic but if i dont smoke weed in the next 30 seconds i will self destruct
 south hempstead ny tue mar 7th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 my art culinarie  class students did it again today  smoked pork 
 hey desoto county  do you need your smoke detector checked or replaced  let us know   service is free this saturday 
 @jongyeonji smokey robinson  aldubxdtbysinagnibenjie
 so many beautiful views  but not one was as beautiful as you  @ great smokey mountains  north 
 nevada moving forward with recreational marijuanaplans  cannabis pharma
 i need to stop watching weed videos at the hair salon
 chickenfried tuesday chickenfried frog legs w chilibraised greens  pimento cheese grits cake  smoked sweet chi 
 national weather service confirms tornado at lake of the ozarks  hi  holy smokes i thought it was a tornadono
 do a weed 
 sweet swisher smoke official music video  shot by @zinikarts of honduras 
 tonights sunset brought to you with a side of smokey haze okwx cloudporn @ country aire 
 this. is. so. accurate. especially the smokey eye part. 
 we smoke weed 
 jeopardy smokeshow tonight. alison
 we smoke to fetty sing zoowap. 
 @hillsboroughpd youre telling me that marijuana is illegal but cat nip isnt okay...  
 yum @beyondmeat beast burger with smoked gouda  spinach  tomato  ketchup amp mayo on olive rosemary toasted bread 
 goucher  poll shows that 56 of marylanders support legalized marijuana
 @ohbliv ahhhh yes eye need mo weed
 join us in fort worth saturday night at the woodshed starting at 7pm @ woodshed smokehouse 
 where there is smoke... 
 watch @morningbreakclt on wednesday to see chef lewis make sorghumglazed smoked pork belly 
 its just weed  myself and i
 nelson adopts cannabis business license scheme  bchc pharma marijuana
 ginger tea and a little weed .
 thegreatsmokymountains @ pigeon forge smokey mountains tn 
 you smoke 
 just threw a pork butt on the smoker. cant wait to pull my pork in the morning 
 where did all of this smoke come from smoky sunset in carlsbad  nm more photos on tonights blog 
 more smoke. 
  finna smoke a blunt 
 with weed 
 scene car next to us at a red light. young men frenetically airdrumming amid billowing pot smoke. this song on th 
 absolute smoker from john coltrane. rare 1959 deep groove pressing of the 1 stunner blue train. 
 retweet if you are down with replacing pharmaceuticals with weed whenever possible  
 lmfao what weed dealer accepting square cash 
 flat. iron. smoke. 
 my first taste of kansas city bbq prime beef short rib from smokehouse bbq hungryjamiela 
 whatayaknow......its smoked pork belly wednesday at slow hand bbq......no really  what do you 
 @survivinamerica @rondii tv cabot cove is really mendocino ca  part of the emerald triangle  largest cannabisprodu 
 her eyes light up the way weed light up
 @shaybrizhae @stfuashleeee probably looking for smokey rehab center 
 holy smokesreally if so  thats awesome 
 the internet self care is lush bath bombs and candles and cute memes me oh.. kicks weed pipe  porn  and hunterxhunter behind the coach
 @disneyparks @disneyland favorite float is elliot with his disappearing act and his smoke disneyparkslive
 axis deer burgers. smoked out the house and alarms going off in the 
 @bozzlughtyear and gin smoke and lies
 you smile whit shine on your eyes you smoke whit pain in your heart
 sausage party and blunt smoke
 omg i just did like 50 lines of marijuana
 just smoke on it.
 when the smoke gets in your eyes  you look so alive.
 weed wrapped in weed on top of weed hellyeah 
 most of the speakers are in support of brooks and reids cannabis resolution. oakmtg
 i tried recreating @kathleenlights1 pink berry smokey eye. her look was absolute perfection. i tried my best to ge 
  im off weed .. im off weed 
 i  smokey quartz 
 @jayahemsworth hello morning im single and from hempstead new york
 dense smoke advisory until 7am for coastal amp inland collier  including cities of naples amp immokalee due to smoke 
 dense smoke advisory until 7am tomrorow for coastal amp inland collier  including naples amp immokalee due to smoke 
 early morning smoke sesh... ribs eatlocal supportlocal shoplocal communitynotcompetition @ 
 this saturday we will have salmon on the menu follow the smoke and try some new barbecue 
 south hempstead ny wed mar 8th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 cilantro lime thai curry coconut marinade then a hard 60 minute 350 smoke then 190 overnight. @cheshirepork 
 @kristinwinknews in my red bikini to support internationalwomensday i just cant go outside because of   smoke amndome algunos tacos 
 damn big worm shot smokey nut ass 
 clovis nm wed mar 8th am forecast today smoke hi 73 tonight mostly clear lo 43
 elkins nm wed mar 8th am forecast today smoke hi 75 tonight partly cloudy lo 45
 roswell nm wed mar 8th am forecast today smoke hi 75 tonight partly cloudy lo 45
 @pufffycloud thanks wife lets smoke weed after
 the apple fennel salad is as delicious as it looks. pickled fennel  green apple  arugula  smoked cheddar  drunk pec 
 im out of weed. 
 shoutout to the smokey eye on that marie curie snapchat filter for giving me the confidence to demand equal pay. 
 shoutout to the smokey eye on that marie curie snapchat filter for giving me the confidence to demand equal pay. 
 after 12 hours in the smoker  this brisket is ready to be sliced brisket barbecue pitmaster bbqlife meatlover 
 in other news i hate my eyes. tired of people assuming i still smoke. no nigga i just have naturally sleepy looking features. fuck.
 somebody better call htown fd.. total smoke show @htckelly 
 on the smoker they go brisket onthesidecatering bbq 
 miss your smokey eyes 
 inman squares funky amp veggie slice of the day   funky  prosciutto  pickled fennel  smoked 
 @theonlysweeney @lachtalk @worldwidejim680 holy smokes brisket is disgusting
 @theonlysweeney @lachtalk @worldwidejim680 for louisville brisket  its @cliffysmalls gtgtgt feast gtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtholy smokes
 50 cent wings today at @bubbaq   choose from mild  med  hot  mustard  sweet  hot amp sweet seasoned  slow smoked  
 @shermanxavier have a weeding saturday i cant
 marie curies smokey eye on @snapchat 
 this is  going to be on tonights special of a smoked pulled pork sandwich. pair it with a pint for only 20 
 why does the marie curie snapchat filter have a smokey eye and other feminist concerns
 @lafupacabra at this point my phone rings and i am like thank you jesus. i excuse myself and go outside to talk and smoke. i give my home
 run for us too we love running and hope to participate in the smokey mountain 12 marathon in september. gbo 
  chill af smoke a blunt to netflixandchill look it up on spotify  itunes  amazon  google play anywhere laidback
 just threw up   finna smoke
 holy smokes this is a spring line up and sneak peek at summer 
 smoke smoke 
 just tryna smoke trees drink teas amp listen to india arie. i zza simple man not a simpleton.
 about to smoke out green on my lower lash line.. lets hope it doesnt look too crazy 
 brad smokey skies near the davis mountains in west texas from fires in the texas panhandle. some of this hazesmok 
 @djsmoketv hi smokey. what do you use
  @ smokey mountains 
 3day vaca in the smokey mountains. at @kroger in pigeon forge  tn 
 kathleen lights will show you how to get the brown smokey look. watchhttpst.co7fily0eilm enjoy 
 interborostudents see image of smoke bomb thrown @dickallen15 blackhistorymonth @dhunttrib @mlbnetwork 
  hi yes im having a party on saturday bring yo enemies and get turnt off free keg smoke me out amp get crunk welcom 
 a cincinnati police dispatcher was arrested after police found  approximately a couple hundred pounds of marijuana in her basement.
 thingoftheday  kojibrined duck smoked beet greens  rice grits  candied mustard etc @ watershed 
 insane @spartanrace comes to hempstead on saturday benefiting @shrinershosp.   
  smoke
 2 hour lunch break....hmmmm finally a chance to smoke outside. beautiful warm afternoon @ 
 la mise.  artisanbread @ smokey amp the baker 
 the deliciousness you can create with our hemp burger crumbles 
  just announced thu apr 20  7pm weedeater 
 starting this sunday well be featuring 5 tallboys and a smoked dinner special check out our fb page for more inf 
 end 2q dubuque  hempstead 34  cedar rapids kennedy 20 iahsbkb
 new song amp music video out now  dj smokey  i got up next official music video by @positivepabs 
 @webergrills boston butt for some excellent bbq  hickory smoke.  dry rubbed.  low amp slow
 south hempstead ny wed mar 8th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 funguy lo mein. mushrooms  cabbage  smoked tofu xo. 510pm. come get sum 
 the warriors blew a 31 lead in the finals  the falcons blew a 25 point lead in the super bowl  and hempstead blew a 21 point lead at state
 kaines son arrested | wtop  via @wtop he sets off a smoke bomb flees amp resists arrest but doesnt get charged
 had to smoke before i did 
 omg weed tampons exist.
 @jongyeonji hemp jewelry  aldub86thweeksary
 lifes short smoke a port on a port
 @gwaldenwftv @tterrywftv @bshieldswftv @rmccraniewftv @wftvweather @ebonideonwftv sunset and smoke in port st.john 
  that and weed 
 freshly smoked hickory bbq spare ribs.  try a full or half rack 
 clovis nm wed mar 8th pm forecast tonight smoke lo 43 thursday smoke hi 80
 elkins nm wed mar 8th pm forecast tonight smoke lo 45 thursday smoke hi 85
 roswell nm wed mar 8th pm forecast tonight smoke lo 45 thursday smoke hi 85
 @kristenwadleigh now i want you to do a smokey eye like this  youd slay 
 so my niece about to scoop me and were about to match the weed. stoners 
 to smoke
 go smoke a j after this guys mwmadness
 lunch at mixto day 2. today i got the soy chorizo tacos with smokey red sauce. delicious allyson is rehearsing fo 
 so at this point .... im finna just smoke my life away....
 @hidetouken also sophie tries to kill him with weed killer for being nosy and she is v nosy herself so oh the irony
 want some smokes amp mustard.
 me after seeing el paso smoke shops starting to sell blue raspberry white owls 
 plano bbq round 1 to lockhart smoke house across the board awesome 
 theres smoke and theres smoke and theres smoke and theres smoke and holy wow  trms @maddow tonight is brilliant. trumprussia
 correction  the two largest cannabis magazines in nevada.  1 2 pinhunting @ vegas cannabis 
 i swear when smoke gets in my eye i be looking like who did it
 smoke and smoke 
 to smoke or not to smoke
 @collierem we are smelling a lot of smoke at the aventine so we know if there is a flare up again thanks so much for all you do
 i do not smoke
 i have weed 
 @winknews smoke at the aventine at naples on collier near forest glen 311 is closed is there any update
 the kings army update  kimmy getting smaller and smaller. vahid is growing like a weed... i 
 i dont eat my greens i smoke my greens @godperf
 @arikari07  tristan did you do a smokey eye today  me no its just my face im always tired. it look good dont it 
 this weed is beautiful but my camera isnt doing it any justice
 going in tomorrow to renew my medical marijuana card. expired in november. cannabis startup life postponed. looking forward to my medication
 really glad snapchat made sure to include marie curies famous smokey eyes amp airbrushed skin on the filter they made specifically for today
 @dabbingtons im about to smoke a j lol
 going out for a smoke and a sketchy ass car rolls by super slow like they are looking for somebody to cap brickhill
 when the weed man ignores your calls 
 i really attempted to finish this blog post and then i smoked and now im watching the office 
 dont let big marijuana prioritize profits over public safety   drugimpaireddotcom 
 blue cheese  good smoke. blue dream  purple drink. blue green.
 smokes weed once 
 @thedonfonseca @johnnyorteez no flavored smokes 4 me madonna... corojo wrapper  habano binder  nicaraguan filler aka  the gent
 @bremorren sideshow tattoo in smokey point  marysville but ask for tony hes the shit
 i  weed
 so did we out smoke them tonight 
 the gop had th plan all along b wouldnt dare reveal it during th campaigns. smoke amp mirrors hd voters thinking they gav a sh re medicare.
 great presentation tonight on copd and marijuana use. looking for a tool for your patients @atscommunity 
 south hempstead ny thu mar 9th am forecast today mostly cloudy hi 45 tonight partly cloudy lo 31
 r.i.p. biggie march 9th 1997 @ smokey joes cafe 
 @gitaskapoor @kantakkantak   the termites are everywhere and they need to be weeded out.
 @wafcclassichits smokey amp the futuremaker lol
 the pitmaster brisket  pulled pork  smoked sausage  slaw  jalapeos satisfying down to your 
 bronze summer smokey eye come thru  the @morphebrushes copper spice palette is giving me so 
 200 pounds of marijuana seized at police dispatchers home  via @lawofficer.yikes
 melted the rest of my cambozola into my eggs.. smoked cheddar sausage and some apple fritter 
 can i convince my wife i ended up here for breakfast smokey joes cafe was my goal location. side note smells lik 
 @christuckerreal @faizonlove  smokey must of owed big worm 200 again but big worm got impatient even tho that was smokey 3rd day on the job
 wooooo hoooooo thanks for gettin your onionzon a shrimp po boy.  smokeemifyougotembbq 
 oomf will forever be a fake ass smoker
 @thumbelinaiq gorgeous hypnotic vista. throw in some sweet tea  a cannabis cookie  some mozart and youre on the road to nirvana.
 idk which i hate more  the feeling of smoke in my eye or sweat in my eye
 @trishamurphy20 while i smoke and eat salsa in my bathroom 
 .@vancouverpd raiding cannabis culture hq  van pd assisting toronto police with search warrants in vancouver  stemming from to investigation
 hannah might have the flu so tonights bad suns show is her funeral roll out bring some weed and send her off in style 
 he who looks at the earth  and it trembles  who touches the mountains  and they smoke. 
 smokey from smokey and the bandit was a white supremacist infiltrating the police. smokey was a socialist.
 all this over marijuana  
 any weed men in astoriaqueens bridge accept cash app
 inman squares funky amp veggie slice of the day funky  bacon  smoked mozzarella amp pickled red 
 damn smoke weed amp talk isnt an option  
 manbeastbbq returns to the brewery tonight with smoked brisket  smoked pork shoulder and even 
 house clean weather dope smoke green yup great day 
 pork shoulder is cooked in oj  lime  apple amp white vinegar  coriander  allspice  bampw pepper  smoked salt  cumin  oregano and annatto paste
 i organized a nice pitchin lunch today at work. i brought my smoker in and fixed smoked bbq ribs kansas city style 
 get cash get cash and then go smoke
 speakingthetruth  there  will  be a  boiling  point in all of this trumpputin  situatiion.  someone will go  up in smoke very soon belief.
 @scotteisenphoto @universalhub holy smokes  thats awful.
 i need a toker poker and a smoke buddy omg omg
 overheard in the newsroom  via @schwartzchron okra is a slimy weed. it should be destroyed.
 at least he legged his asscoulda smoked his taco 
 i smoke too so... 
 @treschalmo are you asking me to look at highlights i could pull up brandon weeden highlights and bases on that youd think he is good.
 every blunt i smoke today will be in honor of christopher wallace  
 south hempstead ny thu mar 9th pm forecast tonight partly cloudy lo 31 saturday sunny hi 41
 @artsyjudith how can marijuana beat big pharma and big booze and little minds. seems almost impossible.
 thanx to @dangross215 and @elevatedntn for sharing our protest @cityofcamdengov in support of cannabis decriminaliz 
 our house had bees living in it amp they smoked them out and it smells like smoke still and im nauseous.
 this is why i smoke.
 a little smoked cornish hen experiment. goodthingsarecoming coloadobbq slowandlow denverbbq 
 @joshgordonxii flash  flash  yard dash.. come to oakland  winning team  beautiful weatherwomen  did i mention weeds legal. offseason
 crews responding to a report of a grass fire o near green mountain. light smoke visible from hampden and 470. 
 excellent schnitzel sandwich @sterlescle  and try the @goldhornbrew smoked ale  its outstanding 
 fuck a weeding ring i rock his iceeee
 tbt smokes triplecrown display at the speedway museum last summer usac midget sprintcars 
 dont criticize me when youre smokey eye looks like a black eye  not today.
 love  peace  happinesssex  weed  money.
 clovis nm thu mar 9th pm forecast tonight smoke lo 40 friday smoke hi 67
 elkins nm thu mar 9th pm forecast tonight clear lo 45 friday smoke hi 76
 roswell nm thu mar 9th pm forecast tonight clear lo 45 friday smoke hi 76
 @mattmakens @coorslight  smokey and charming flavor
 my day morning commute with the weeds  read @voxdotcom over lunch  evening commute with @ezraklein on @podsaveamerica im a trumpcare pro
 smoke. smoke. smoke.
 tonights event... gurkha cigars gurkhacigars in cedar hill  come try some new smokes to the 
 really good  and great with smokenewportnews port bbq  drinking a nitro series dry irish stout @ smoke  
 thats a cut crease  not a smokey eye 
