 roll one smoke one and we all just having fun
 when you thought this was weed the whole time 
 all i do is smoke and eat junk food and play in my make up  all day everyday 
 hungry  tired.. need to smoke.
 i light the weed up amp hit it 2 times 
 @nicdelahigh bruh. no sun. no soul food. the weed is straight  but i need that southside gasssssss.
 when you come home and your bf smoked all ur weed bc he thought you took what you wanted with you and you dont have money for more 
 rain drop drop top i smoke marijuana non stop
 @revolucian yeah  that...thats not how marijuana works...
 professor so how many of you smoke.. crickets professor cmon  its legal now.  15 arms shoot up
 i will not talk to you the same way i have in the past bc im tired of it just going up in smoke and i dont need your two cents
 this shit hit me hard like  so many relationships end simply bc one side is unhappy. thats how you weed out the 
 wonder if i would have gotten at least one call if i didnt smoke that ref in the face
 i only fucked with ya cause i mean free weed whenever ya know 
 will you just smoke the blunt and shutup
 deleted every single message thread on my phone   filtered out a lot of weeds   and a ton of pictures. movingforward
 need to live somewhere where weed is legal to smoke
 lets hope bannon smokes more cigarettes every day 
 theres literally kids out here gettin trashed everyday amp i just smoke a few blunts  nap  repeat
 when you drop your weed 
 the whole tl needs to just sit and smoke a blizzy
 been listening to my sister listen to chain smokers closer but the only word being used is ping pong for the lyrics amp its still turnt
 @badlandsnps check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days 
 im kind of tired of weed  drugs in general
  not the day of da weeding bruh . 
 all this weed and no one to smoke it with lol
 drop the nerds you with amp come smoke joint with he whos winning
 i need more smoke buddies that can actually match with me instead of always wanting a pull from my stash  
 bong  lighter  smoke buddy  action.
 as cheesy as this is  i literally just want some friends and have a much needed smoke sesh wnothing but good tunes
 out here selling weed to buddy 
 .@tuckercarlson tucker  how the hell do u get to b a congressman when ur as stupid as swalwell is it because they do a lot of weed in ca
 if you cant handle bongs  papers  gravity bongs amp bowls  then you cant out smoke me.
 my vision is clearer thru smoke and them mirrors.
 @colinparent and effects of legalization of marijuana dispensaries.
 whenever i tell someone  nah fam  im cool. k dont smoke anymore  i get this exact reaction why not every. single. time. 
 bouta smoke this blunt then plap 
 bout to throw on this cannabis honey and cinnamon mask on my face
 smoke weed everyday
 lol everytime i smoke 
 why tf smoke come out our microwave every time we use it 
 @senwarren go smoke your indian peace pipe
 @granderojo @sonyaellenmann good for killing weeds in hardtoreach cracks  though
 i lose every time at the part where bruh say you dont smoke tho 
 when youre bf lets you smoke her crumbs 
 nah bruh wasting the weed couldnt be me  owwie 
 when your down to smoke but no ones down.
 lmao akers has to smoke 5 newport smooths at one time 
 special appearance by berry gordy jr. and smokey robinson at the opening night of motown 
 i smoke weed almost every day amp its been one day wout it amp im already stressin lol this shit ridiculous
 is care truly affordable back and forth they sill order still i have willed myself to this point once legal ill never smoke a joint
 mfer tryna make me smoke a white grape white owl  lol
  me and smokey are the same person y we both got hamster snaps  ilysm
 sir  @azizsartajpk you should stop weed asapgt
 my mother calls i have no time to talk  but i can find the time to drink and smoke
 you know i smoke when i drink  its tradition
 he said that it was shitty weed  laughed really hard  took a picture and put it back.
 rain drop drop top i like to smoke and play black ops
 @shelbychong @tommychong ill do 100 hours of community service if you let me smoke with you 
 then just buy more weed and invest in a bong 
 ay guey  thanks lets smoke two at the same time 
 i wanna smoke one with mama one day
 @hersheydenise1  if that worked their would not be a billion smokers in the world amp 5 million deaths a year from smoking
 my cousin thinks weed solves every problem  i mean every problem 
  still in new weeds... been held up by a serious bout of bronchitis. anything helps. @gofundme helpme money
 lmao @ me this morning i almost smoked a bowl b4 class but didnt and then i showed up and we had a test hahahhaa i kilt it tho
 @cbs47  you know we are all tired of the teenage sex trafficking and legal weed promo. what have you done this month
 do you think that witches and wizards in harry potter world smoked weed are there other magical drugs 
 trafficking it across state lines make it federal ion think im willing to go to the feds over weed trafficking 
 @jennypnolan and prob i was supposed to be pulling weeds but instead staring at bugs and eating tomatoes  berries  green beans off the vine
 @dougducey @bishopolmsted you should have discussed how many lives we can save from opioid death and addiction with legal cannabis.
 perspectives change and so should the law. end federal cannabis prohibition. cannabisismedicine cannabiscures 
 every time lindsey cleans the house she throws our weed out 
 @badhombrenps check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days via 
 when your bf leaves his weed for you on purpose bc he knows youre poor gtgtgt 
 time to start binge watching weeds again
 15 thc  10 cbd  lets see how it smokes thoooo   blunt to the face
 dont listen to gucci mane or young dolph during class cause i swear the whole time all youll be thinking is skipping class to go smoke
 whenever im lowkey fucked up after i roll up i always just put weed in my pants pocket for whatever reason lol
 imagine the shame of raising a son who grows up amp ends up ditching his child amp baby mama bc he only wants to buy tattoos and weed
 its always time to smoke
 wednesdays featured panino scamorza toast   smoked mozzarella cheese and pancetta  cooked italian bacon on art 
 running isnt for a smoker i tried lol
 yeah  i had a drink  yeah  i smoked yeah  you think i need you  but i dont.
 @dirtbagdxniel i dont smoke w33d sorry
 make her roll weed all the time
 while the smoke screens fly and the pretender tries to lure your gaze to the next illusion how many things has he talked about that have 12
 yesterday my bf told his friends hes datin a lil hippie amp when they asked why he humorously said bc she smokes drugs then goes 2 protests
 @virtualdude @notquitecolin @helloeyemj he didnt talk about legal weed  pussy
 our @radrewlarson is running out to reports of a fire in waterbury on south main. anybody see anything beyond smoke
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoke  yeah you think i need you but i dont
 bruh nobody got weed in the a
 time to smoke n shit.
 everytime i freakin smoke in my car my dad takes it either to fill up its tank or get something done the next day fml lmao
 new toy for the arsenal txbbq grillintime @ tonys smoke shack 
 i swear i go broke just from buying weed and ordering pizza 
 kobe has officially reassured me that only champions smoke weed
 do you smoke some more pertinent to least times than 1984  
 the feeling right now  roll one and smoke one
 @fleshnchrome too many legal pot smokers.
 buy weed from your teenage neighbor amp die. 
 having no one to smoke with after work 
 i need a shorty to roll my weed
 @iamsampeck27 two quick things he has said the kkk is ok and good people dont smoke marijuana  how is he not a maniac you agree with him
 when u wanna rip a bong that is looking at you in the eyes and u cant smoke bc ur joining the military soon 
 yeah  i had a drink  yeah  i smoked
 @fireandweather damn all that smoke and no scbas firefighter
 you can smoke a whole pound of cookies  that dont compare to how high im bout to get   @rexxliferaj
 aye when we was in college i swear @orngbeanie fav line use to be i aint got no weed but if you fill my swisher ill smoke you out 
 this girl from my school put her fish in her bong and smoked it
 yaaa luv u 2 ig  cig smoker..  
 friendships based off of weed are super trash you need a blunt of mine to vibe with me  lol what 
 every time lip smokes a cig  i smoke a cig
 i cant fw nobody that smoke weed every hour of the day
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoke 
 this man said i tried smoking a black one time and that shit hit me back  yeah stick to selling gas dont smoke it big bruh
 at the entrance of every public building is a gauntlet of smokers... cough  hack...
 watching our tax dollars go up in smoke @ berkeley. seriously
 pork butt done with its 10 hour smoke therapy. @ pig in a pokey bbq world headquarters 
 @rafaelvet26 lol i never smoked  i always dipped.  it was more efficient lol
 @morginevett me and jon smoke the same and we have since before we started dating and that is how i know he is my soul mate tbh
 hell yeah bro im fenna slow done and some days dont smoke at all 
 but the wizards smoked the celtics 
 i smoke everyday but cant keep up with a lighter
 does hilltop really think theyre the only school tht smokes ha.
 the smoke one 
 my roommates r such potheads it smells like weed everyday lol
 i take soo long to smoke a bowl by myself like w no one else here to pass it to i just camp on it the whole time 
 im so sorry me having to pay cash for gas interrupted your 13th smoke break of the day erleen. il be more considerate next time.
 @billmaher @jmpalmieri go smoke a joint you smug pothead.
 fenna put this hat over my bonnet and go smoke  im so stressed rn its always something
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked
 even though some mornings i wake up dead inside  i still own two fursuits and weed is now technically legal in ca. thats something.
 makin my money and smokin my weed  @lilpeep 
 theres a whole music video block called the bong show on fm they just played kiaara feels they arent fucking around loll soo weedy
 if you ever see a man with thumb nails longer then the rest of his fingers u can bet he smokes blunts daily 
 heroine is seriously whack  stick to the weed man 
 @marcorubio  just tax paying americans that dont want to see all theyve worked for go up in smoke because of this rouge trumpbannon combo
 i did not know it tool 2 hours to smoke a blunt
 what you think im bout to do after i smoke homework  
 my roommate smokes like 3 cigarettes a day and every time she coughs i swear she sounds like shes gonna die  gasping for air and shit
 i like to smoke and i like to drink. sometimes i do both at the same time 
 we r the new americana  high on legal marijuana
 i smoke all day  everyday idk what my life would be like if i didnt smoke
 we gotta smoke one last time suh 
 hybrid weed gets me in a stupid ass mood
 bouta smoke and bang this boston market 
 soon as i find a girl with a mindset similar to mine that smoke as much dope as me imma wife her no bs.
 damn  i swear all people do is smoke weed everyday on snapchat amp drink.
 only smoke natural leaf gars 
 when cole smoked a blunt with me before he left one time 
 you cant remember shit cause you smoke that reefermy mom every day. 
 yeah   i smoke daily
 tweeting about your boyfriend when youve been single for over a year to weed out the soft ones who dont go after what they truly want gt
 really posted it way back but weed grower dont need the bs but we should b under some protection law as our own union work hard not slaves
 this me everytime i smoke 
 rather live wolves in this doggy dog world my odds surviving b greater than this ha  choke smoke but need a toke now thats amusingly funny
 i sat next to a man one night. he was extremely sniffing the weed i had for sale at that time  then he turns and says to me...
 roll one up and smoke me out
 its funny cause a lot of you who smoke everyday have told me like a million times im gonna quit soon.
 running on love and weed 
 update i smoked amp i just got back into bed.....ill be out in 5 minutes 
 the cool thing about @datkidwithabass is that hell smoke all your cigarettes when you pass out.. but hell always leave you one
 officially one year smokefree 
 if you spend every last dollar on weed  alcohol  coke  etc. you have a problem.
 the groundhog needs to go somewhere  sit down and smoke a joint  cmon spring witcho funky ass... i been waiting for you since october
 ohio state on marijuana charge for recruiting visitor its not a good reflection on us 
 and instead of weed we got every other kind of drugs. ladies and gentlemen this is a stupid man  like judas the antichrist.
 @isaiahrashad smoke sum
 high on legal marijuana 
 i neeedaaaa smoke.
 if you smoke bath salts this happens sort of speak 
 im tired of all this health bullshit if i wanna smoke im going to
 so close to beating my cousin in 8ball he the only nigga tht smoked me every game
 professors who make subtle weed jokes
 who tryna bring me a lighter  free smoke 
 some smoke a birthday blizzy w me after class
 yeah and obama did coke and smoked weed... 
 id play patty cake   have some tea   start a fire and call him smokey shiiiiiihhhh 
 can my aunt just fucking leave so i can go smoke in my car in piece
 im startin fresh. clean slate. or at least ima try  weed out all the negative inmy life
 @lilred1482 ill b dead  by now fukking wit you kall me smokey 
 i be so joked every time i pass the smokers in front of the library smoking by the tobaccofree campus sign
 @shopmarauders when i say hood girls im referring to the ones who fucked the whole hood  smoke milds  amp fight every day lol
 smoke weed everyday
 anyone is allowed to paint their face or do whatever they want go smoke more meth dumb ass @druggieslut @styloncaster @lovemeidle @boypls
 because we both work everyday .. we dont got time to do shit together but smoke after work
 @saffronian @ilsefrau u cant get medical marijuana from a hospital mail order only. why target this one company when dozens are doing it
 more rt and likes and ill drop it til then im smoking my weed 
 sweet. jeebus. cigarette smoke also improves your health  light em up 
 when the weed man and the fuck buddy arent answering you i am stressed lollllll
 @thelion this is what theyve said on radio here in dc. they called the smoke  fire a while back.
 looking through old pictures ive taken and reminiscing the memories as the smoke lingers 
 year seven of our gathering begins with smoke and music 
 i felt bad buying papers in front of this mother and son first time my morals came into play with weed almost sobered up
 i used to legit be a chain weed smoker like i didnt go longer than a few hours without smoking. only smoke a couple times a week now.
 but i gotta smoke 2 more blacks and im done frfr. so whenever i get my pack  thatll be the last one.
 bruh weed legal out here tho
 bouta smoke until i pass out literally 
 been a long time since ive had jacks abbey framinghamer. theres tons of smoke in this thing  its brilliant.
 i be dropping so much weed around my computer that whenever i finish my gs i can still have a good 2 bowls on bong off the shit i drop
 get you a man who smokes every waking hour of the day because hell forget the arguments you guys have
 @jwgop but hes a policy wonk for a policy wonk he sure either says stupid stuff or says i dont want to get lost in the weeds a lot.
 bouta smoke this blunt with this nigga eli
 just heard cam newton has been traded to the bears for a pack of smokes  a nail file and a case of 9mm ammo... more to follow
 liquid marijuanas just missing @bredee5  
 fuck @boystomen    grows till the end of the choad trouser ham slow smoked its unnatural  just a schlong to you  magic wand pee pee
 bring us weed santa cruz
 @cassandraxox i just smoked two blunts to the face and this third gonna have me starving
 it is the number one issue @jackkingston we dont like crooks amp where theres a lot of smokefire geeez please go away @cnn @donlemon
 i smoke bouji 
 brush my teeth wash my face smoke a blunt 
 myrtle grove taught me how to shotgun a beer  smoke a cigar  and hit a dinger all at the same time 
 work o ur a marijuana outlet here
 @itskaywaa its only lit when youre a middle school kid sneaking off to the woods behind bampg to smoke reggie lmao
 dont smoke brack. loverocksnyc
 please stop flexing on b grade weed lmao
 go smoke some more meth sean. 
 i swear im the only one in my friend group that doesnt smoke.
 mi nah stop bun mi ganja so put on do handcuff dem
 every other dog is terrified of thunder and rain and smokey literally goes up to the balcony to watch it 
 so how much weed did u smoke @parkergabbie 
 i always joke about having to put weed in my pants if i got pulled over and i just actually had to do it  lmao
 send all submissions to hemphopmagazine@yahoo.com the bible for the new entertainment 
 sometimes being in a relationship and smoking too much weed ends up with extremely cheesy purchases online that see 
 my dad lowkey checks my car for weed all the time now and its so funny bc i literally have a piece under the seat
 dont want no negativity in the air  i just want gas smoke in the air  @bcmoneyman86  magnoliacartelreleaseparty 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 @easeworld my air plenty smokes over here bruh dont worry
 lets talk about the quality of this portrait.  love this smoking hot smoked out crease.  my fav gold glitter 
 i used to be sober every second of my day  but now i cant sleep without a bowl of weed.
 where were yall at when i used to smoke everyday  lol ive changed now.
 @isaiahrashad insane show lemme smoke you out
 i cannot sleep for the life of me  think its time for a bath amp some smoke 
 time to smoke 
 marijuana just needs to be legal because im tired of my homies getting locked up for some petty ass weed charges smh
 bouta smoke amp go to sleep.. bubble bath when i wake up 
 as refugees by the millions leave the united states and the repressive smoke house barbecues  and flood regions in 
 this is why im slowly over the ganja wave. i am way too tired and drowsy.
 i literally need to smoke a fat ass blunt  i think im having withdraws. its been 4 whole days 
 @lovedesre u smoke
 @reptomprice single payer. otherwise  youre blowing meth smoke up asses
 after i smokeva backwood i be too relaxed
 once people start smoking all you see on their snap stories is that one blunt they smoke a day
 its roll weed time 
 if you put 1000 cigarettes in front of me i would smoke them all im very stressed how are you
 i literally smoke a blunt every night before i gts
 trumps attorney general wont rule out attacking legal marijuana with r... 
 lmao they going say one of the counselors smelled like weed the other day 
 smoking weed  and talking at inappropriate times lol 
 just got back from therapy and smoked a backwoods before wrk its friday lets get it
 me  every time someone constantly puts weed in every story 
 you smoke like a fucking chimney
 dispensary is the next stop legal weed is so so so so so great.
 yeah im bof. yeah i had a drank yeah i smoke
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked
 @solongcharlotte forever a smoke show dear
 @dougiefresh818 exactly especially if you let me hit lol.. now if he didnt have a job and literally smoke weed all day with my cash no lol
 colorado marijuana sales holding steady with 109 million in january 2017  
 i swear weed can be the devil and ruin so many relationships.
 when yo mama and auntie blowing straight loud in front of you and you wanna hit but they dont know you smoke 
 i dont think hempton has enough money to buy out icahn hlf stake
 my mom said if i ever get pulled over and they find weed or alcohol in my car shes gonna let me sit in jail amp drop me from her insurance 
 bout to smoke me one mah self. should get hella faded doe amp smoke 2 before work 
 im definitely the smoker that every time someone has a health problem i have the impulse to ask if theyve tried smoking weed for it
 my roommate woke me up by blowing smoke from a joint in my face i love her so much
 seriously u all are fake i just wanna buy weed
 my co workers think i smoked and thats why im hiding my puffy weed eyes lmfao
 so i make it mandatory to smoke everyday or else id flip the fuck out on my co workers  classmates amp physical therapists bc i got issues
 got a chance to smoke a home with @ftbanthony and josephcarroll94 dam good one lujo 
 uruguay legalized marijuana in august 2014. now columbia has too.  
 i think for 420 this year ima smoke till my hand cant lift the blunt then buy some one hitters
 i need more smoke buddies 
 @laidbackmelo9 only when the smoke go in my eye
 jeff sessions says he will enforce federal law  and thats rattling the marijuana industry  via @bipolitics
 i cant just smoke one blunt and be done im always the one to be the last one in 
 this weedman has just blew my fucking day night life every fucking thing
 niggas fav pick up line you smoke amp you bitches fall for it every time lmao
 @leftsidep bruh this is literally my favorite video on the internet i watch this shit at least one time everyday haha you dont smoke tho
 @colehuffman also until weed is legal if i still think it should be punishable. if its a law it should be punished if guilty
 you are not a hippie just because you smoke marijuana 
 one of my co workers just tricked me into smoking weedwax out of his vape pen he wanted me to try out im so mad i got this finessed
 said she wanna hang with me and smoke up all my weed i said...mumbles unintelligibly @pamperedpimpp
 pointeclaire could be getting a licensed medical cannabis producer. aurora cannabis is hoping to take over this bu 
 @newshour @calebhell another example of the bad quality of the federal weed 
 when youve time traveled right out of 1969 and find out that weeds still not legal. 
 bc no one wants to pay for weed all the time 
 if you have me on snap all you gone think i do is smoke smoke smoke lmao
 we smoke every time we wake up and all of a sudden  she dont wanna smoke  but also dont want nobody to smoke without her.
 downers grove wtf smoke then 
 the source of all that smoke over springfield is something northwest of the airport 
 shades then ganja .. yeah
 all i need is weed  allah  and pills
 chicks will drink like a sailor   smoke cigs and raw dog all weekend then do yoga and go vegan and swear theyre a health guru 
 @eaglescfc smoke a fag lmfaoooo im in tears yeah its so crazy how much things are different
 old smokey @ lizardville beer store and whiskey bar 
 my professor is a fucking savage tbh. hes in his 60s and he tells us its cool to do ecstasy or weed because he does it all the time lol
 while your springing ahead sunday  dont forget to check your smoke detectors. 
 baker mayfield got smoked. that cop was ex all state db
 dont water the weeds. weeds water highroad cantfixstupid
 when you about to smoke and realize youve lost your lighter 
 the work never stops and when you do the weeds take over your lawn. homeownership landscaping 
 i think it is normal to see a girl smoking weed and it is not wrong at all and should not make fun of it as well fo 
 can someone tell me what wybmabiity stands for @ railhead smokehouse 
 resetti is almost ruthless than my mom was when she used making me watch her play the game or picking weeds as puni 
 im running out of weed........already dying lol. 
 my aunt amp i have just been smoking amp watching weeds all day long
 think im freal gonna figure this tune out and change some lyrics so i can have a song about making @harp01 smoke crack
 one day ill smoke a whole blunt by myself
 i need some weed bruh
 i have such a hateful passion towards marijuana  cant stand to see it or smell it 
 i want weed to be legal so the emerys go away.
 what if you burnt my soul instead of your weed
 what kinda weed is this i ask that at least 9 times to whoever im smoking with  
 thats a first.  there is a service dog sitting at this intersection with a giant bag of weed in his vest.
 make her roll my weed all the time
 @wifeemailer you mean this doesnt happen every time anyone smokes weed
 i smoked 2 much of that wacko tobacco  then this happened i need help pray 4 me 
 she get dck  weed  and ignored . dwi nigga
 i dont smoke weed cuz i listen to rap music mom i smoke weed cuz i fricken hate my life. u treat me like a 5 yr old @evanbreen
 if yall smoke jointsblunts go buy a cute lil roach clip from @pdxfunmale  super reasonable prices amp adorable designs  link in her bio. 
 the first ill buy weed and rent a place to blow get a jon collect and flip  
 @jjauthor @vandreeson @baron28baron286 @tuckercarlson if alcohol had the same prohibitions as weed  hospital ers would go out of business.
 premiere watch @tukicarter new video drinking weed on @respectmag  tgod @ atlanta  georgia 
 please when smoking your cigg please have some manners and put your cig down  instead of letting the smoke blow into my face
 @vandreeson @jjauthor @baron28baron286 @tuckercarlson as a follow up  how many hospital beds are occupied because of alcohol abuse weed
 damn my nephew annoying af i had to light my shit up ampamp smoke 
 swear every time i go on facebook i see a chick i went to hs went looking like she smoke rocks
 its weed not a dead body. tell the cops whose it is ffs you dumb cunts livepd
 @vandreeson @enjoythesurf @jjauthor i dont do either  any more. however  weed never sent me to the er. alcohol i am pleading the fifth
 my mama otp talm bout she know i smoke weed  amp that i think she stupid .
 @jayrsmoove hell yeah  im tired of breaking up weed 
 march 10th marks a day in history. the first day no one in 252 had marijuana  pray for us.
 idk how anyone can smoke. i seriously smell like shit after being at the casino for 3 hours  where most of it was in a non smoking section.
 i smoke cigarettes back to back now its crazy
 i hope the people who work @ cannabis culture stay in jail they were so mean to me and my friend when we went there laughed at us 
 the first time i smoke a new strain of weed it always put me to sleep
 bouta smoke and ko 
 @kenfro @jjauthor maybe so. my point merely that med marijuana is law in md and hogan is not the legislature. he enforces laws on the books
 @monicae163 they must have the really good stinky weed.
 @maaaybenot u fucking get me u have always understood me now every time ur sick im gonna ask if youve smoked weed recently ily
 10. they are already hiding their tracks in the weeds of campaign finance. the 10 million dollar entry on 
 livepd open container  weed  baby... 
 the one time my parents want to smoke with us and no one has bud near us 
 so im watching this cops live show and these two dickheads got pulled over with an open alcohol container  at least 4 oz of weed ...
 i cant go to jail . i smoke to much weed amp i love pussy
 first off ur not going to outrun the police on a moped 2nd weed open container and baby in the passenger seat no seat belt  stupid livepd
 @jesusculture holy smokes  the 7th hand is on its way
 the one time rudy wants to smoke and im at work until 3am  
 i smoke tooooo much lol
 yeah i had some drinks and i smoked again.
 me throughout the day smoking way too much weed coworkers alright were leaving this time ill pick you up me @ 9pm never replies
 than we smoked after the workout and went to our 8 oclock class centralrys17
 @maybeacrook @jarnoldtamu85 it just made me have like one negative tick on smoked meat. its good but its just not a fav of mine.
 @jjauthor true but i think weed should be legal because it better to control weed then the drug cartel
 i cant remember the last time ive purchased alcohol or weed hahaha
 flaked on a weed sale. never will i call her for a drop off.
 smoking weed after work is the one
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 everyone gotta smoke alone from time to time and just think
 roll one smoke one
 not a good time unless i smoke mine
 smoke weed everyday
 lets smoke one for the ones sleeping
 why am i so addicted to sex amp weed .. literally my everyday personal struggles 
 why isnt marijuana legal
  i know i aint smoke bruh why am i tweakin so hard
 i gotta friend that sleeps every time we in the box. blow smoke in his face  he wakes up 
 @johnwdean @harrysiegel its hand stamp dt lapdog loyalty to hannitys go sicem cue. preet sniffing in fox weed patch to close for comfort
 protip dont smoke a bowl then watch blazing saddles for the first time. im so confused. i need time to process this
 i need to smoke everyday of my life to live on this planet
 bruh that weed just slapped the fuck out me
 to smoke b4 i knock out or just knock out lol 
 my weed so loud i cant hear your bs
 i can literally smoke amp listen to music all night 
 so its 230am and im not even tired cause im too hype from the show. guess its time to smoke one and relax. 
 i smoke weed wherever i go like its legal
 almost everytime someones tried to insult me they always bring up that i smoke weed amp do drugs... ill take it lmao that hurts so bad 
 my weed tolerance has dropped so low its actually stupid
 our zor award officially arrived amp we couldnt be happier weed man is the winner for the 
 @butterfliesblue @condompizza shut up lol its weed
 sdp smoke one drink one pop one
 so shorty flew herself out to see a twitter nigga with no money  smoked  fucked and got put in a hotel or should i actually finish reading
 quote from jons mom back in the day at concerts you didnt need to bring weed all you had to do was breathe. i swear she cracks me up
 i just dabbed but let me sit down and get to my weed. i need weed everyday. and then a coffee.
 yall smoke weed are you an undercover cop
 you didnt shower and you smoked homeboys weed...he had every right to put you out. 
 you smoked all his weed and slept in all your clothes. you didnt shower  brush your teeth get more weed or order food. you gots to go.
 tried to smoke my bong this morning thinking it was frozen  it was empty so my first bong was a dry one happysaturday
 lol imagine if ki mask didnt smoke  the amount of lyrics he could fit into one breath than he already does would be vrazyy 
 just watched this @j5robe monster on @secnetwork replay. holy smokes. @vandymbb anchordown 
 thats crazy  i prob woulda smoked his weed too tho... lmfaooooo
 still smoke that good shit yeah.
 bouta roll up amp smoke this facer
 @trevonjb wth bro you coulda sent me some btc seriously did you sell was a weed induced knee jerk response to etf and drop 
 literally i had a headache and smoked a bowl and felt better. its literally magic  
 this was my face when shorty said she rolled 4 js of his weed while bro was at work slaving 
 smoke weed everyday
 he raped a baby didnt even go to jail and im on probation for a year for weed... 
 she dont smoke but everytime she w me we b faded
 and she had the audacity to smoke up a cali nigga weed and not drop on it. three whole blunts thats a felony in the state of california.
 she smoked all his weed  dirtied up his bed with outside clothes  prolly had stank cooch and then get mad when he said you gotta go...
 not a good time unless i smoke mine
 veganbbq special at @veganshopup today @pineboxrockshop  mesquite smoked maple barbecue 
 bruh kiaraliz forced it last night with the weed  shorty kept rolling and rolling and they were all fat ass woods  i was slumped 
 my coworkers donated to my weed purchase bc im not supposed to b spending money  if that aint love idk what is
 its my brother @mnymknmills birthday he bouta smoke weed today
 ima re tweet the shit out of this atleast 6 times an hour lmfaoo stop letting ugly bitches smoke period  
 and what piss me off more is that the police worry about niggahs outside selling weed but dont care about these kids missing
 i kid you not i scrubbed my body like 20 times in the shower and i can still smell the weed
 definitely goin to the next orbit smoke out and city of trees smoke out for more derb juice kingofthcsyrup
 im at smoke in md 
 my dad just asked a subway worker if he smoked any weed at the christian rock music festival over the weekend. cant make this up.
 @uniteddrugrehab and of course the person is going to say marijuana. its the harmless one. no one says  my 1st drug was heroin geeze
 @impl0rable how many minorities are serving absurd sentences on the basis of smoke that calms and never blazing and destroying anything.
 good  at least the birds are still free to smoke in one of the worlds greatest cities.  liberty 
 hopefully i run into someone i know at this event and smoke up one time
 @nacclinicottawa this ol hippie uses legal cannabis products for pain. i hope i live to see the day when cannabis 
 @rvawonk @louisemensch what in the world did u smoke carolineu r nuts. champs of obstruction of justice r obama killary.2 criminals go jail
 desperate to help their kids  parents seek alternatives as marylands medical marijuana program stalls. 
 imma smoke that joe dirt till i feel it in my face.
 a cute boy complemented my weed bead necklace on the train and struck up a convo w me so dont say the grass doesnt do positive things
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked yeah you think i need you but i dont
 lmao my dad said hes done smoking weed  this man is crazy bc hes tired of ppl mooching
 play this almost every time i smoke 
 every morning i wake up to that beautiful smell of weed 
 i swear weed makes you think outside the box 
 we also smoked two blunts last night and he didnt let me put ins o shit
 trumps us attorney general is a man who is on record saying he didnt have an issue with the kkk until he found out some of them smoke weed
 its a great day to watch @marylandwlax smoke cuse.  because at maryland  the women have to do everything.  terps lacrosse oataat
 ohio needs to stop fuckin around and just legalize marijuana recreationally.. im tired of my unreliable dealers lol
 i sit back and watch you smoke that weed and but you are no longer the one i need 
 lets have a contest 1 person gets drunk everyday  1 smokes a pack everyday  and 1 smokes an eighth everyday and lets see who dies first
 your bf buys 3 chargers and smokes 4kings cigars gtfo
 what a great day to smoke one then take a mean ass nap.
 how you got face tats and cant smoke 
 one working smoke detector per floor  at least one working co detector per household  it is the law. 
 just trying to smoke before work but my piece broke and my other is lost somewhere lol
 im here at work while @joshyaris is high as balls at a weed festival 
 @brownshelby5 you smoke bongs stop playin wit me  lol
 charizard a crazy smokey 5050 porter and stout. beer colorado @averybrewingco @ avery 
 who tryna smoke sumn
 now its time to go smoke. 
 about to go bruce leroy on these weeds.  wahhhh. shonuff. weeds @ 
 im at the smokehouse barbecue and brews in lake buena vista  fl 
 @willmenaker very excited about our plans for a national beer  weed  and cigarette delivery service it will operate 24 hours a day
 goes to weed festival byyyyeeee 
 im practically running to my room to go smoke lol
 so much tumble weed
 hope the cops at least smoke the blunt the just took from me instead of throwing it out
 instead of going to the stpatricksdayparade today...i went and bought and ounce of legal weed
 legalize marijuana and the shadow stat drops. 
 eric is there weed in heaven  even though its on earth  me yeah  why do you think their clouds in the sky.
 the ras just caught me smoking and i had to throw away my pipe  grinder  and the rest of my weed. im literally moving in 3 days fuck me.
 @femaleoutrage 4a guy who claims hes really smart his goto explanation 4 everything i had no idea. leads like he golfs from the weeds
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing @ greenwood hills track club  
 you fuckin knocks  all yall want to do is smoke weed lol
 why isnt marijuana legal
 wasnt it called ice at one time  too i dunno  im colored. all we know is coke  crack  weed  amp heroin. 
 im takin the smoke by 15 
 @lilshogys101 i smoked it 
 so spicy.. but good  can taste dem hops... azacca firkin w smoked peppers 
 time to shower  smoke a blunt.    live a little 
 i smoke at least once a day. most days it is only once... dats not too much is it 
 sometimes i think weed makes me dumber but sometimes i think im just stupid
 whos trying to smoke a wood and go to the ostrich festival
 i hate when smoke gets in my face 
 who can bring me some weed dt
 every one here smokes pot too
 lmfaoooooooooooo weed didnt kill your friend.... i shoot so many cops tho. you got me there. kill 3 every time i p 
 counting down the hours of this work shift so i can smoke a joint
 15 minutes watching aampes livepd 3 marijuana busts  al latinos. heads up @nlgnews
 why does one get a citation for possession of marijuana when its illegal but arrested and taken to jail for alcohol @danabrams livepd
 i got pulled over one time and i was nervous and farted and the cop said it smelt like weed but it was just my fart
 i just wish my boyfriend would call me so i can stop refreshing my lame ass tls and go smoke 
 @fpselijah i need to stop smoking weed lol
 there are at least 5 niggas at a time on my snapchat smoking weed in the same spot making the same stories with the same music. get a life.
 smoking in the bathroom so my little cousin doesnt see and he says i see my mom make weed all the time so i dont care 
 your mind is soil   every morning weeds may pop up being negative thoughts . clip them before they grow any more
 its sad to see how many friends you lose just because you dont smoke and you start dating someone
 where the fuck the lighters at how am i supposed to smoke dope in the parking lot with no lighter
 @brylynaiwohi not to be a stalker but i am but uhm... just curious to why so many weed accounts follow you 
 in the grocery i heard a woman say if were buying the hemp well need to buy this too referring  i think  to tuna. boulder is so boulder.
 just gone smoke and gts
 i swear i smoke the best weed in the 757 and thats on my hood 
 yeah  more weed. 
 smoking weed calms the soul 
 me whenever i contemplate not buying weed to save  
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 time to smoke now
 it smells like bath and body works and weed in here
 yeah i fuck you for a hour then i smoke it off
 she asked me if i smoke and i said yeah
 i cant even face the whole blunt gotta smoke half and save half for later.
 i smoke when i drink its tradition
 smoking weed was an everyday fucking thing for me. its been months  i am dead inside.
 just smoked some indian kid in fifa
 420 smoke time fuck it been smoking this whole time
 3 oclock smoke sessions with bae 
 @jaddddde go smoke one
 we smoked for an hour cause the time change 
 i should go smoke sumn
  i am like a lighter to a ciggarette. watch me smoke
 suns up say a prayer lets go still snowing @ cherokee  indian territorygreat smokey 
 i want to own a weed bar one day
 bouta smoke another
 desperate to help their sons seizures  these parents moved from md. to colo. for medical marijuana. 
 while your springing ahead today  dont forget to check your smoke detectors. 
 my weed so strong i swear 2 god u would think its cologne. i go anywhere in the world and just make it my home.
 its a whole bottle of crown in my back seat. and weed is literally everywhere.
 in other newsbirthday coming up tminus 9 days and counting. ill be more legal than weed in california  strong 21andmoresavage
 attorney general sessions wont rule out using mafia law to go after legal marijuana @alternet 
 back seat cypher  me my weed my lighter   pass the weed to my driver  my driver like macgyver
 @nickfartley i thot u where bouta be the first person to ever die from smoking weed... eyes rolling back into ur head n shit 
 @keepladywarm i totally agree w u. dont let trump take what many worked for legal marijuana.
 missed the weed festival and samurai jack yesterday  l
 while springing forward  why not check your smoke alarms daylightsavingtime 
 selling weed is the same as robbery and beating a store owner just say you racist man and get it over with 
 now that weed is legal in massachusetts  i smell it in public everyday. progress 
 ma ur mcm fights for weed to be legal as a recreational drug but not for the people charged w years in prison for weed possesion 
 i only smoke 1 cigarette yesterday hell yeah
 @zizzleb get you a weed leaf hat man.. those are the way to go lol
 if yaw hid your guns and weed like you did your bms and girlfriends yaw wouldnt be in jail
 i literally smoke strong youll think the weed lift weights
 so its ok to fight with a cop because you traded some weed stop justifying this boys actions comply with the pol 
 can this man successfully treat opioid addiction with marijuana 
 to the people who have time to go through and weed out people on every social media platform  i would say getalife.
 need me a lil smoke buddy
 id rather be smoking weed whenever we breathe every time u kiss me
 i actually know the most about marijuana and i know myself so well because of that  that the world could potentially come to an end.
 @foxnews is blowing smoke again our military is the biggest and most powerful in the world
 og barely smokes its hilarious hell kill a pacc of squares before two whole joints on my mama
 the bitches that post i want to smoke  everyday every hour stop trying to be cool bitch just smoke we dont care 
 yeah i smoke dope whats your problem 
 i just need to smoke a couple dozen blunts and ill be good with all this bs
 its not legal to smoke weed in nawlinesssss but erryone smokes so
 every time im with my best friend i literally become slow bc he continues to roll backwoods and i continue to smoke them 
 clayton daniel smokes a 2out  rbi 2b to put @jsubb up 10 in the 3
 @idronehd my father taught me many of the birds  the trees by leaves amp bark  all the weeds  amp lots of other stuff but did not know juncos
 i really smoke every single day atleast 3 blunts 
 in jamaica  the history of cannabis goes back to slave days.
 im goin be that dad that wakes my kid up in the morning by blowing smoke in his face
 bouta smoke nd go see kong dolo
 @littlepuffin she dont smoke so she said thats how she be turnt 
 @vapingit tell them to put that patch on my arse and kiss it. ecigs worked better for me guess im fired up for smokeless alternatives
 because a nigga has work at 4 and im trryna smoke before i go in lol
 @otmlou well next time we can go in on some and get him to cook them and smoke with him 
 its crazy how many problems in my house cause the smell of weed
 @glassicprod @sminobrown holy smoke
 it takes me literally a whole week to finish one blunt i dont smoke like i use too
 when cops tell you illegal weed is a health risk    
 shorty not here.... time to smoke a lot of weeeeed.
 ive been smoking weed and working out literally everyday for over 10 years. fuck your stereotype
 golf wives are always smokeshows
 parents if you dont talk to your kids about marijuana  where are you supposed to get it
 time to smoke a l to the face and bump some music best part of my day
 psa my mom doesnt smoke. one time some girl at work said to me imagine if ur mom didnt smoke. bitch she friggen doesnt
 do i have to make smoke rise to tell you that the time is right
 my manager complains hes behind on inventory work today but goes out for smoke breaks every half hour on the hour. 
 glad to be off for the rest of the day and tomorrow period.. finna smoke this joint  wash my ass then wash my clothes...
 do you even smoke weed if youve never spilt bong water all over your face while trying to smoke while laying down
 sike i smoke every once in a while but usually only with sean 
 wish i had friends that smoked me out everyday.
 if you hit me talk about smoke sumn or lets get it cloudy. nigga you rollin up  not me.
 @lrihendry  city and state for what walmart lol question 2  in the states where marijuana is legal can they still test for it
 weekly i need weed tweet
 you think i came here to visit friends hell no i drove 21 hours from oklahoma to california to see a real  live tumble weed
 you think i came here to visit friends hell no i drove the 22 hours from oklahoma to california to see a real  live tumble weed
 @doo what he said  lol we smoked this morning
 time to smoke where yall at
 yall just smoke to snap.
 nothing makes me happier than great weed  
 he looked straight into my soul and it smelt like weed @lainaboobitch   me 
 i smoke and i drink till im faded
 you probably werent wondering  but every legal weed salesperson out here is about as chill as youve imagined
 you cant say the word bong in orlando smoke shops i see
 too many snaps of people buying weed in colorado today.
 this is me every time i smoke  
 @gavinnewsom i partially blame newsom for the opioid epidemic in ca by his support for legalization of marijuana. its a gateway drug
 idk why but sunday nights are peoples favorite time to buy weed
 hope im alive for weed to be legal everywhere
 when you smoke hella tree but youre still like where did all my weed go when its almost done
 roll up my weed soon as the day start
 it makes me so mad when i see moms blowing their cigarette smoke into their kids face
 @whoismattaston whenever you want to  smoke a blunt instead 
 it makes me so mad when i see moms blowing their cigarette smoke into their kids face
 every single time i hide weed from myself i always end of losing it done neveragain
 let me smoke this last blunt of my life  and pray i dont faint or have a sezuire
 ok google  how to make marijuana brownies. my aunt
 do you like oregano well i mean i smoke it everyday
 smoke weed everyday 
 we get it you smoke weed  you dont have to post it every 3 minutes
 time to smoke some ganja
 @jodieemery ffs  create a business plan around selling legal weed  once the law has been changed i think youre screwing all dispensaries.
 elizabeth just lost her weed in the grass... dumb bitch
 roll one  smoke one
 i smoke lots of weed and yeah thats everyday yaaaay
 idc how many times i brush my teeth  the taste of weed lingers in my mouth for at least 3 days
 swear.. will always call him smokey too 
 if you cant handle that fact that i drink n smoke then dont hmu tryna have a relationship bc i aint boutta stop for someone temporary lol
 i love you @paulmccartney @billmaher @jonstewartshow but fuck yall for quitting weed. pussies.
 i hate when im tired as hell but wanna smoke too. it takes me 5everrr to actually get up and roll
 later today i then confirm that one of our managers come to work high everyday and grows his own weed lmao
 niggas who smoke everyday never have lighters 
 i literally smoke everyday  every single day  skin looks amazing still  eye look amazing still
 my smoke alarm is going every every 7 minutes for no reason and if it doesnt stop soon im going to go insane.
 girls that be on every scene and smoke everyday  
 this is me   but at least i got weed. 
 @kaylatrim i have no weed and no one will sell me weed 
 i have never had this much weed at one time. makinghistory
 fenna smoke and eat tacos 
 she curve me imma hide sum weed in her car coulda had this but no how u like jail
 @prettyadonai google detox for weed and no lol i pulled a cup of pee from under my nuts you can buy fake pee too i heard that shit work
 @prettyadonai google detox for weed and no lol i pulled a cup of pee from under my nuts you can buy fake pee too i heard that shit work
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 niggas who smoke and drink everyday be depressed as hell.
 if this nigga lived closer i swear my weed adventures would be everyday 
 why does jeff hate weed so much the attorney general is a super hater
 my mama said do you smoke everyday  i said umm nah 
 i lost mine to a man whos now a marine and smokes cigarettes itmatters  
 @liyah0507 @bbscottt hung  cmon now i put this on my dead bro grave when did u ever see me hang wit em or smoke w 
 my smoke detector is just staring at me like.. 0  0
 me @theywantliyahh @eatmhanique bout to throw a smoke out soon  yeah  no limit
 3 smoke marijuana its illegal where i live but not really i havent done it here but based on my xp it wouldnt kill all withdrawals
 i swear my coworker gets stupid faded every time we smoke together 
 my bf wont even wake up and smoke a blunt with me so i have to smoke by myself and im about to me stupid high 
 this weed coma bouta be sumn serious tho
 am i the only one who sizes up fellow air travelers to determine whos most likely to help me fight a smoke monster
 am i the only one who sizes up fellow air travelers to determine whos most likely to help fight a smoke monster
 i just smoked out my moms boyfriend amp my aunt  awkwardmoment
 yeah i need to smoke
 co2 helps the weeds  not the food crops. already raising the price of your food  but you didnt notice @raulrevere @nytimes
 she ion smoke but every time she with me we be faded  id never change on you  girl you my baby  promise i protect you thru any altercation
 @shreec @medium u should be sitting in a jail cell. lay off the indian wacky weed.
 my momma swear weed a serious ass drug 
 200 million a year in tax revenues each state form marijuana   drugimpaireddrivingdotcom 
 and every time i find myself when the smoke clears.
 i saw one of my favorite bands last night w 1 of my fav people amp smoked my fav herb  amp today im seeing work by my one of my fav painters
 been up 4 hours bc no weedno sleep
 bing bong tattoos r great until u realize u arent with the person amp bing just means u hate google and bong means ya we get it u smoke weed
 the world is going up in smoke. are we just going to sit there and do nothing 
 when people ask do i smoke a lot because every snap i have a joint rolled up ltltltltlt
 i smoke weed like its legal
 if u have a bf u love very much then why the fuck are you asking my bf to smoke with u
 @nacclinicottawa greetings  at 63  smoking cannabis recreationally since 68 med. since 01 acmpr now. cannabis law 
 time to smoke 
 chevrolet silverado smoked tail lights at tint magic window tinting. call us for a free 
 i literally hate pot heads like i will not date someone that smokes i think its so fuckin nasty like why do you enjoy being slow as fuck
 not really interested in going to shows or festivals that are in states where weed is illegal.
 1915 smoke lake tt1915 
 just smoke and dont think nate
 world...get ready for our weekly talk radio show  blowin smoke live every tuesday night @ 8pm cst 
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 i love weed  tag your favorite smoking buddy mondaymotivation 420nursesapparel awardwinning 
 i had to break the weed up  it was an unhealthy relationship
 repost chachavavoom i love weed  tag your favorite smoking buddy mondaymotivation 
 bruh why dont people trip off me soo much like if i wanna be high everyday leave me tf alone amp stfu amp go smoke or something
 me smokes so much weed i end up smoking the guy out every time i hang with one
 shit smoke shower shotgun spank @twizzle1 @lynchy9811 @christiansoucy @adamkroian @slivz7
 @blondehighkitty lol  me too. we should start a stoner church. a cannabis based religion that exempts us from the law. legal anyways but sti
 one day ill get a job in the cannabis industry lol.. one day.
 the dopest tradeoff in history happened ystday driving.i was hungryamphad weed my passenger had pizzaampwanted to smoke.yall know what happened
 farmers in italy fight soil contamination with cannabis  via @cbseveningnews pollution environment italy cannabis
 @guyfieri. me and my buddies just sat down at your smokehouse in louisville wya
 smoking weed is my therapy 
 this really why i smoke everyday 
 mondays featured panino  scamorza toast   smoked mozzarella cheese and pancetta  cooked italian bacon  on arti 
 jerseycitylawyer u.s. senators seek clarification from department of justice regarding federal marijuana 
 at this point im like why ever smoke when if u just eat an edible that shit have u high for hours
 stop grabbing titties and smoking weed youre not at ohio state anymore we are trying to win a super bowl 
 @hayhaysturg now hes informing the class that marijuana is legal medically and recreationally in some states
   vs. do you think legal weed sales will impact the rate of alcohol sales
 i swear im a marijuana demon
 leave me alone. hands on my face. lost in the smoke. i cant see a thing.
 whoever said you cant workout and smoke weed is a lie.
 literally a group of cops out here smoking weed. dude pulled out his phone to record it and the cop pulled his gun out on em.
 live and live smoke one soon 
 george rodger young smokers cadge from every passing soldier. u.s. cigarets have become prime currency in italy.  1 
 @mforeign  lol invite me next time yall smoke
 @npr i understand this is an attempt to curve it ala legal weed. difference is an entire species hangs in the balance. this isnt jail time.
 wow look at this absolutely crazy you can smoke this gun thats on your left hand side literally a smoking gun with 
 being around my momma make me wanna smoke 40 blunts bruh swear to fucking god
 weed weed is good for your heart the more you smoke the happier you are 
 rico said he was pulling up at 3 to smoke its literally 337pm and i havent heard from him.. he probably got hit by a car
 how i be every time i smoke  someone always asking  r u ok 
 how is alcohol legal........ and weed isnt........   .    .  . how is alcohol legal.............. at all
 fully legalizing marijuana would go a long way towards that. 
 my lungs are so congested rn and if this is what smokers feel all the time... couldnt be me.
 your mcm listens to lil uzi vert and smokes mids
 how does the same system that sentences minors to jail for weed  let someone go for raping a baby 
 no way did my dad just ask me why isnt there a fucking bong and weed left emoji im done existing
 if you consider caffeine a drug... between weed  alcohol and coffee... im on drugs all the time. literally 247 for a good 2 years.
 remember when my ex in 8th grade broke up with me for smoking weed cause i do  
 if you gon talk over the music the whole time we smoke stay df home
 heroin vs. cannabis 
 slavery is a weed that grows on every soil.  edmund burke 
 successfulstoners bill maher i have never made a secret of the fact that i have tried marijuana. about 50 000 times. @billmaher
 dropped off my smoke its a good day time to roll up 
 @tyreck45 @tweetsfromryan hell smoke the whole mf blizzy if u ont stop him 
 successfulstoners @stephenking stephen king  i think that marijuana should not only be legal  i think it should be a cottage industry.
 i move thru weed and use my talents to portal  lights my life strange closet 23 market st as 236 b  see death slaves soldiers n state school
 buying weed is so easy in santa cruz lol.
 do yall have to take a snap every time you smoke a blunt
 i learned that even speaking on people in a positive way is a no if its not said to their face. gotta stop blowing smoke.
 but bells my teams running back  so he gets a free pass  and because smoking weed isnt a big deal 
 i would be high on weed on the time
 bath salts are legal in missouri but marijuana isnt 
 bath salts are legal in missouri but marijuana isnt 
 @modsun will u smoke with me lol u said to hit you up
 if i go to jail it because of marijuana
 happy birthday to an og brother @nickbonner37 dont smoke too many legal cigs  
 this fool said good ganja ill pay 1 to hit that .. pfft
 i smoke so much by myself i get tired of it 
 @michaell0302 push for legislation that allows companies to develop clean hemp based fuels and plastic products.
 this nigga hit the bong to hard and sucked the weed down the bowl 
 my favorite time to smoke is before bed lmao
 @swervho smoking isnt illegal.. now smoking weed is illegal  but nobody said anything about smoking weed. now did we lol
 i also sat in pee today. damn. i had a lame ass day. now for real time for yoga and weed.
 when the smoke from the blunt get in one of your eyes so youre crying out of one eye and that hoe be just running nonstop lol
 @michaell0302 thats the problem  transition it just right  there would be more jobs. hemp produces 15 times faster than lumber. many jobs.
 it takes approx. 2 hours to grocery shop with a girlfriend after 2 drinks and loads of smoke 
 when you cant remember where you put your weed. 
 the medical marijuana farmers market is on target to be held at magnolia wellness  161 adeline street  oakland from 
 i get tired of rolling my own weed
 @latimes weed gos pill  for the pane reeled who will be the first  one @kushfarmonline
 hate when ppl just sit on snap and smoke all fuckin day
 the next person to smoke a cigarette in the car with is getting punched in the face i swear to god
 yeah cause if you use fake weed youre just a debatable person to begin with 
 dude wakes up like 5 times throughout the night just to smoke a cigarette and its annoying af. walking thru here waking me up all night....
 tory lanez music will always be so dope to me . like i could dead vibe and smoke to his music and be so relaxed .
 avery how many cigarettes do you have to smoke a day........ me ok  its time for bed
 i been tryna smoke since earlier lol wth niggas on
 do you think going to jail for 2 grams of weed will help your rep for the music industry 
 smh i made mad life decisions based on whether i could smoke bud or not
  amsterdam holland today where r the cops donuts and reefer time
 bouta smoke 
 i smoke because i enjoy the high not to hid the pain.
 i want a harry potter themed weeding that would be so dope
 bruh do not try to smoke w me if u be smoking flavored gars
 should weed be legal
 ugh i just woke up. i always smoke and go to sleep for like hours and hours
 been 24 minutes man going to smoke and pray to my frog for clarity
 born alone die alone i let the drugs take my soul first time i buy some weed i was sold
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 so homegirl fucking comes in and knock the goddamn bong over and got nasty ass bong water all over my weed... getout
 done sharing my weed bruh 
 i die everytime on neighbors 2 when the girl smokes a blunt for the first time and cant stop coughing  
 in ten years from now  weed gon be legal in many parts of the world.   imagine what the world would look like then.
 arent these shits banned why the fuck are these now allowed do people not realize weed is legal 
 mfs b gookin on weed 
 dont smoke but my rolling skills still superb 
 i told this girl she shouldnt smoke bc its bad for her teeth and she told me that her amf is also bad for her teeth so whatever...  
 now i can roll my weed and drive at the same time...i need me one 
 i need a cigarette so do i put pants on and go smoke one or nah
 need a smoke buddy .
 that weed just penetrated my soul bro
 my fav thing to do is chill amp smoke
 time to smoke
 @timmacgabhann smoke betrayal every day.
 im so tired of smelling weed
 im real tired of weed being such a fuckin legal issue yet its mafuckas out here raping kids and shit not having to pay for shit
 there are two types of people @ 420am  the one who snaps their studies amp the one who snaps their weed lol
 i really just wake up at 530 from 10 hour naps to smoke more blunts and continuin to say fucc the world
 lmfao ima make a story time about my weed trip yesterday.
 eat fruit. wash facebrush teeth. do yoga. smoke a j. start the day.
 isnt fgcu a smoke free campus then why is a professor smoking outside
 when your professor says he doesnt like weed because when he smokes it gets him paranoid where he sees spiders. 
 time to smoke some weed
 at least know suhm about it and can start a convo off that  but i swear to god all bitches like is drugs and weed. foh with that basicness
 these niggas at my job take cigg breaks every hour. im finna light this cannabis
 idk why mom asking me all these brand new questions about the trip lol. ik weed is legal in colorado  you smoke still  mama dont.. lol
 who tryna smoke sumn
 a girl told me one time its either the weed or me   me 
 am i really about to be lazy and smoke in my room for the first time instead of smoking in my car... yeah i think i am 
 i need to wake up earlier so i can have more time in the day to smoke weed
 okay but this is me every time i smoke 
 happy born day to my cuzzo joey man. smoke up big cuz 
 @hoez4sale but why post 15 snapchats everyday of you just smoking . that just annoying like i can see by one snapchat that you smoke
 me when the bassline drops on father son holy smoke  blkswn @sminobrown 
 i smoke to much problems of a 20 sumn 
 my grandma need to smoke a blunt her temper tooooo short she get mad over the littlest shit
 @ksubikayy bum downstairs if you tryna smoke im bouta face some shit
 see this is one of those times when i think you wake up and smoke pot. 
 if someone wants to take me to work ill smoke a b wiff u
 everytime i come to my grandma house  my weed comes up missing. like wth 
 im trying to smoke and hit up somewhere good to eat 
 i just need bout two bags one to smoke one to flip 
 if yall hid your guns and weed like yall did your baby moms amp gfs yall would never be in jail
 take a shot everytime a college kid writes a paper on marijuana
 everytime i smoke a paper i gotta wash my hands 
 anyone else think that native american reservations should have been the first to have legal weed
 @lolaturswagg @ruinmylifepls but didnt u say .... i dont smoke and laughed historically 
 im almost positive this lil old man that comes into my work everyday smokes fatter than all of u
  i know she the bomb ... she hit bong like a smoker 
 im almost done with work tho should i face a weed brownie
 @imanivanleer lol yeah no i wonder it too all the time  ahahah no one that smokes replied to you 
 i was angry the first time i smoked a brisket  it was so good. i had not done it because of big barbecues lies. its like mr. robot w pork.
 pharma first industry to be disrupted by cannabis. there is a reported 25 drop in opioid usage in states with legalized cannabis. sxsw
 love.char weed strain in the works 
 i roll me one smoke to the face
 she dont smoke but every time she with me we b faded
 me and my cuzzh dt denver 420 cannabis cup. yeah yeah
 let me find out you makin my 13 year old nephew smoke weed amp that your ass on ma
 soooo michael brown didnt rob a gas station... he just sold them weed... and went on to assault a cop. im confused what changed
 doesnt holding your phone up to your face amp blowing smoke get old  
 exclusively for men hempz with tattoo protection and hemp seed oil one and fone and gentlemen g dark tanning loti 
 midwest hommies bring weed to these dates 
 @kidganja203 nigga just bc you dont smoke no more or have niggas to front on bc they smoke woods fohhh
 u smoke mid i dont remember u couldnt handle da gas  
 fake news was taken seriously when a marijuana dispensary reported accept food stamp that made colorado state implemented new policy sxsw
 kayla u smoking today mei smoke everyday b
 @foxnews evidentally the aurora board is smoking too much ganja bc they r high as fk.
 today is the perfect day to sit at the lake  drink a radler  smoke a joint and listen to title fight
 smoking weed really helps me build a tolerance towards dealing with bullshit on the everyday basis
 i need a 150 jays to smoke.............. all to the face
 when your mom thinks youre smoking weed on your snap story  chilldownma 
 im so tired of picking up weed from the hommie these niggas unreliable
 roschelle is my new fav holy smokes
 @integrityguy word bruh lets grab some brews y smoke some cali weed amp also pretend to be dating on social media
 lol first time i read this i had to think to myself it it so said much weed  
 @montana0323  my dad was so right.  he never went to mds.  the dr will surely find something  he smoked like a chimney amp lived to be 90.
 every time someone says an eight i think of weed lmao  corrupted
 the number of people sentenced for federal marijuanarelated crimes dropped for the fifth year in a row. 
 ideal day to do nothing but smoke pot  craft sigils  paint shit  annoy my neighbors with loud music  compare my chin to peter steeles
 in need some one to put me on some smoke out here again
 if your man cant out smoke me  you single.
 sorry for the weed rant. i like weed and think there are too many misconstrued negative expectations for users
 so to everybody who cant smoke over they mama so they somewhere outside smoking the cold
 he dont smoke  but everytime we together we be faded....
 who knew you couldnt talk n smoke at the same time 
 three neighbors with snow blowers. not one offered to help.  4 hours later  thanks jerk weeds. dontbeadick
 an aunt you can smoke  go clubbin  rap along to trap music  be fat  amp talk about anything with is the best 
 i just need a smoke buddy
 i literally said i would smoke you out 
 ill smoke a backwood every morning naked in front of the mirror listening to music lol 
 my fav thing to do is chill amp smoke
 youre on the seaweed diet yeah  i see weed and i smoke it
 literally cant stop smoking weed
 the good weeds lit on this one. yaaa.
 bio professor you name an interaction youve had with a plan over spring break student uhh well i smoked one  
 never go to a bar with boys. they leave you to go smoke all the time.
 my weed girl  im literally fucking weak but its the truth 
 when your boyfriends the plug and you get smoked out all the time and given free bud all the time 
 @jwav0 im bout to smoke this blizzy to keep from pulling up amp shooting up your whole house
 quincy is my roommate not my boyfriend  im officially done with him since he went to smoke without me 
 informative article. we are so stupid when it comes to weed research. 
 once i smoke this blizzy  imma forget all about you
 @torisimmons10 yall leave the weed at home 
 yeah if all weed looked like the one on the left  id probably make it illegal too  
 every change this girl gets she goes and smokes a cig and comes back smelling worse each time.. of course im next to her 
  you know ill smoke da whole world boutcha put on my suite go get my boots ill go to jail boutcha uk who u is luh baby stop
 the green line smells like weed every single time i get on it. coincidence
 @skinner28d how many never smokers are actually vaping nicotine on a regular basis not a single puff in past 30 days  but daily or weekly
 brianna is officially hired as my smoke buddy applications are closed thank you goodnight
 new studies show if marijuana is placed up your ass you will be stoned for 8 hours 
 im just tryna smoke one good time before i quit for good 
 all weed smoke for you bruh 
 selling 240k in weed a month.. wth
 finally got the lawn mowed. well  just the weeds. but still
 i swear i smoke everyday 
 crazy how playboi carti shouts out g weeder on the new single ... i remember selling clothes to that man at the cerritos mall
 when the smoke clears  and youre the only one left  what will you have to remember
 who sells weed in the grove 
 im sooooooo hype to put this face mask on and smoke this blunt. ive been waiting
 work was slightly frustrating towards the last minute...now im off and its time to smoke a joint and play some pinball. 
 i could smoke so many blunts and knock out sooo lovelyyy
 need new smoke buddies when we get back to the ville 
 i definitely doooooooooo not smoke weed and i laughed 
 you cant have negative views on marijuana use if you mind ur own buisness. 
 wanna know how californian my family is my mom has weekly weed deliveries and my aunt has a therapist and a psychic for her dog. yep.
 @sminobrown is on the uprise father son holy smoke is 
 time to smoke biggest bowl ever.
 only reason i would vote is to legalize dope. just to watch this stupid fucking world go up in smoke.
 bout to do a face mask and smoke a j  i love me time
 about to smoke and knock the fuck out
 i will b bitter every damn day until marijuana is legalized nationally or at least in the state of kentucky aka prime grounds 4 weed
 thank god 4 sean hannity. hes spot on with his commentary amp i love his tvamp radio program  he weeds out madcow amp al 
 i said i finished my homework idk what to do w myself 30 yo veterinarian roommate says yeah smoke a bowl have a drink hahaha ok
 i wear a face mask whenever someones sweeping near me on a jobsite but ill smoke 100 cigarettes after 4 beers no problem
 every time i shave  oh god their going to id me for the cigarettes at speedway also me i dont smoke also me you dont have facial hair
 if all you do is smoke and show your gun on snap chat dont tell me to follow you 
 she just put weed in the bowl.  she dont have time for herself.  she puttin points on the board  yes.  you know she carry her own.
 every time i shave  oh god theyre going to id me for the cigarettes at speedway also me i dont smoke also me you dont have facial hair
 @realalexjones buddy youre a pussy lol you sound like you smoke 10 packs of newports a day
 i swear every time i cook  the smoke alarm goes off. 
 me im gonna go work out  my 11 year old sister r u really gonna work out or r u actually going to smoke pot like every other stupid teen
 its so annoying how against marijuana old people are cuz of bs like reefer madness lol
 barstool smokeshow snap chat has a wonderful way of making me hate myself 
 @warriorspr @warriors   cool..needs to score pts with kd out too..lets go..420 rally smoke..
 id rather be smoking weed every time we breathe every time u kiss me
 i think im going to quit smoking weed for a while
 i think the green is from all the new marijuana groves  
 when you drop the last of ur weed down your vent 
 @brandimarie4455 he got his weed back not his bong wtf b
 @clarkfurbush great thats very reasonable of u. stop believing that everyone is blowing smoke up your ass. realize theres a possibility
 @xfreespirit coulda had a whole smoke sesh 
 @alexis38sanchez i dont smoke but still love listening to music is that still cool
 if he stays up for the whole 24 hours and smokes 3 an hour 
 bouta smoke then try to sleep
 missing my favorite smoke buddy 
 every time im lit i just want to smoke a million cigarettes and its so annoying seriously
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 @yourstrulyyy  shutup you dont even smoke 
 also i just drank liquid weed lol.
 missing out on a session bc i cant smoke bongs right now 
 time to go smoke
 i wish weed was legal wher i live
 u can smoke weed in public in la too cops ddnt even care
 would you smoke a barbecue flavor backwoods if they existed  because i think i would 
 a mf will be quick asl to sell you a bag of stemy ass weed just for the sale 
 smoking weed everyday not cute idc
 i pray to buddha i never have to smoke this. 
 theres no need to fuck your cousin  dad   brother  grandpa  nephew  son  or smoke meth  but u dont see me tryna t 
 im literally the worst smoker ever that i take an inhaler hit right after a bong hit
 ima smoke one for all yall godamn yall need jesus i pray for all yall every night one love
 just got off time to smoke
 put down the drinks and the smokes. lets go see the world.
 my brother is my new smoke buddy 
 i love when my friends wake me up to smoke  thats loyalty
 man i just wanna be famous and rich. smoke  workout  have some orgies and create  im tired of working. im tired o 
 just playing xbox and listening to russ just missing weed and a girl
 im laid back naturally so every time i smoke i move tooo slow boogie
 bring a pacc of backwoods and we can smoke
 i hate this time because it takes me at least two hours of debating before i go outside and smoke
 httpst.co3xwuvxwwbk fake news drags me into the weeds on the cbo  draintheswamp 
 lesson learned do not do gravity bongs if you havent smoked in ten days
 worst part of coming home at a weird time theres no one to smoke with
 @realdonaldtrump @snoopdogg snoop dogg smokes a lot of weed he is very confused from the years of drug abuse j 
 that hookah shit is annoying on snap no bs every snap is a bitch blowing out smoke
 bro why did we get trip capped on me yall got smoked in the team fight fam handle your 1v5s at home bitch me 
 @love first episode of season 2 and you guys play chance the rappers smoke break. i literally love this show to death. 
 every year i smoke my bracket lol 
 hes just mad cuz he was listening and rapping along to the next episode and he missed the smoke weed everyday pa 
 im disgusted every time i think about when i smoked cigarettes.
 the first kickbuttsday at area @wncinformation campuses. all smoke free in august  
 that cannabis oil really put me to sleep  havent slept this good or long in a long time
 im bouta sit in bed all day smoke weed  watch college basketball and fuck my wife itsmyburfday
 @veevee @realdonaldtrump healthcae for your family or weed something tells me a modern hippie will choose weed everytime.
 lol sori i ran out of weed last night id prob do a weed face mask 2
 sessions says its a stupid idea to say marijuana access can combat opioid crisis
 can the person smoking weed in van ness station please.. not
 how you niggas smoke everyday without a job
 day one. no marijuana.
 ive known people that overdosed on heroin or ended their life because of heroin addiction. that is lifewrecking. marijuana is not.
 ...that time i sold my grandmothers wheelchair to score some weed.  said no one  ever. 
 maybe using cones so i can roll weed will help my life efficiency instead of bong rips
 lol throwback to highschool when i could actually handle concentrates and smoked out of a trippy stick every day
 ive never done drugs but smoke pot occasionally. and graduated college and law school. no jail ever. so hes an id 
 tbh the only way i can handle what has happened in the last 5 days is smoke. if im not high im having an anxiety attack.
 @jeffsessions you have seriously got to get with the times. weed is not worse than alcohol and should be regulated accordingly.
 and smoke one for nate dogg today 
 so if weed become legal  is they freeing all the bm in jail or wha
 there is no way the ag can be this stupid..if you think marijuana is slightly less dangerous than heroin  then u sir r mentally disabled.
 i want to blow pot smoke in jefferson sessions face  and since its barely a crime in my state id face a 100 fine for it. i think
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 one thing about me i stay with good smoke lol
 if you see me smelling my fingers after lunch  its because i had barbecue and the smell of wood smoke on them is just too irresistible.
 to everyone in my mentions  yes i fucking get it you wouldnt waste your weed on a fucking face mask goddamn it
 @dailycontessa @bethreinhard i cant think of one person that over dosed on weed
 out off all times my gma dumped my weed. if she woulda left me one courtesy blunt.....
 whenever youre weedman certain ones give you advice about weed amp smoking listen
 rip nate dogg i smoke so much weed that you wouldnt believe and i get more ass then a toilet seat.
 just got excited all over again i get to see both my sisters and my niece and weed is legal there omg amp they gave me 350 spending money
 president complains about snoopdogg. i think he should follow snoops advice and smoke more weed everyday.
 with the aunts @ hickory river smokehouse in springfield  il 
 whole oz of jack herer but no one to smoke it with 
 @cannabisdir ru kiddin this ol hippie cannabis never should have been under any type of prohibition at any time 
 need a smoke buddy who always down to smoke i face too much wanna share
 after 22 hours of shoveling like a slave im about to smoke   take a hot asss shower for like 2 hours than just lay down all day
 tired of going all the way to monroe just for weed bruh
 @staytrue lets smoke one rn perrita
 selling pussy money weed bracelets for 5 each serious enquires only dm me
 @realdonaldtrump in michigan blowing smoke out of your ass again put the fuck up or shut the fuck up orange face
 bongs are a waste of weed 
 just cuz it went from smoke shack to filipino turo turo  @smallschicago is anything but a trendchaser  
 @brucewolfchi is weed legal in dc if so  then he is fine based on past behavior
 i was suppose to be dressed an hour ago . let me hurry up so i can go smoke 
 will smoke someone out for a lighter 
  theholyherb cannabis is for healing and edification of your body amp soul.   om om  god 
 hmmm  how many marijuana overdose cases have there been  and how many heroin overdose cases 
 i smoked lawnmower grandson lollllll
 @seanhannity oh good lord  seriously you who has your head so far up 45s ass you cant think straight. smh keep blowing smoke sean.
 i officially hit 4k on ig holy smokes  mama i made it. lol.
 lmao i swear every time i dont smoke for a while i can taste the bud in my mouth 
 you think jimmy buffet smokes weed also puts emoji over pimple 
 got in a fb fight with some 40 yo over fucking smoking weed  growup
 as much as i want to stop smoking for a little while i equally want to smoke this joint to the face right now
 @rvawonk @wonkette  its like smelling the bs thru the drumpfster fire smoke.
 what did the big chimney say to the little chimney youre to young to smoke marchdadness
 it finally happened. i ate those liquid nitrogen rice balls that make you breathe smoke. idk.
 i could never sell weed bc i swear i would peel everyones head 
 my bf really sick he didnt even smoke today amp he smoke every hr lol
 i will smoke a joint and think about that. 
 they should play it every time someone gets smoked in chiraq 
 @jeffsessions heroine only slightly worse than marijuana are you crazy or just plain stupid 
 time for some texas bbq . ohhh hell to the yeah. @ lockhart smokehouse  @planolockhart  
 ready to go put on my face mask  turn on hulu amp smoke a fat ass blunt
 @laurentpellet16 @stlmelisanicole there you go  melisa. im not blowing smoke here......id love to see you do this. so plan on packing
 whenever smoke hits my lungs. and i realize how much i love music simultaneously.. i realize why i love to live
 @daveweigel i have been to rehab for alcohol and there was a 20 to 1 ratio for opioids to alcohol no one was in for weed bc not addictive
 need liquid marijuana amp an incredible hulk ..
 as my doctor is listening to my lungs  he asks me if i smoke  told him i smoke every day  and he said  we might have to burn one rq. 
 the day the federal gov legalizes weed will be the same day they start releasing niggas from prison or it and oh yeah pigs fly
 man with a plan  now sessions must go  ag said cannabis is as bad as heroin  thats from 1 law enforcement in g 
 nothing i despise more than constantly smoking people down  i get if i ask you to smoke but every single time.. buy your own damn weed
 id love to smoke a joint with the attorney general.  reefermadness legalize 420 
 @jonchristian i mean traditionally we smoked like chimneys and lived on mostlyscotch diets
 us marine raiders and some marijuana plants somewhere in afghanistan 
 @juniortaijeron much love  amp i gotchu on a blunt whenever bc we never got to finish that smoke sesh at my house that one night w hunty
 lmao idk how im supposed to save money when im going on a tropical vacation  concerts are coming up  weed adventures for days  and food 
 crazy my asthma has been good every since ive smoked
 i think im ready to smoke now lol
 yeah my birthday 420 but im not bouta jus smoke all day 
 i will never understand how cigarettes are legal but weed isnt
 yall never considered him a role model for kids bc he smokes weed but now all of a sudden smh 
 idk. maybe its me  but i think its so unprofessional to come to work reeking of weed. do that shit on your own time
 stop posting about weed and alcohol on your stories no one fucking cares
 if you thought fat 12 year olds didnt get back on d when you were a kid  you should see fat 35yr old desk workers who smoke 2 packs a day
 @kschmidt67 @agowa @king5seattle my portfolio with cannabis related companies taken  serious fall everytime sessions speaks
 update still at taylors job just chilling. i left for about an hour to go smoke amp her boss just so happened to sh 
 @potatofi @baihao did you let the magic smoke out
 when your weed man give you free grams because you buy from him all the time 
 go read my writeup on the latest marijuana statements from attorney general sessions on 
 @jcynic @matthewpcharles sessions views on weed are outdated and border on senility. heroin really
 i like weed and alcohol ....  
 people start smoking weed amp all of sudden go hard lol
 our attorney general has stated that heroin is slightly worse than marijuana. the guy who creates laws for us. wheres the bleach im thirsty
 @bitchrelaxx stop stressing mamas smoke some dro 
 work and weed be having my ass slumped man 
 you know i will smoke the whole world bout you  
 bruh this dude on my snap literally posts either weed  food  or him running on a treadmill. tf
 i smoke a lot that dont mean shitttt i can afford my habit i can still get up go shopping or get my nails done  etc. i can handle my own
 svu weed and laundry. all im missing is u
 attorney general jeff sessions believes that marijuana is slightly less awful than heroin   yeah  sure buddy.
 co worker keeps trying to sell me a big ass bag of weed for 100. when he says how big it is i feel like its shitty weed cus its cheap asf
 @jimjamesbarron @kingsauma @usatoday actually i got one. us law states marijuana is illegal yet 6 states have legal 
 the new luxury marijuana marketplace targets big spenders  
 fuck yeah he altered a smokehouse. 
 @frediehampton @djamery @cnn yep  my bubbles the real world based on real facts and deep thinking. now back to ur basement to smoke weed.
 the new attorney general said that marijuana is just as bad as heroin. whaaaaat
 the music gods should of used plan b the chain smokers
 @sjschauer ig story is always great. put that in your vape and smoke it 
 meth heads not hemp users are the odersjeffsessions dont over think it ohio morgue overflowing with bodies 
 one thing ill never do in life is smoke 
 need this to drop to smoke a blunt while listening to this 
 my two favorite tv series are really desperate housewives amp weeds 
 @not69madison ill smoke u in
 bronzy smokebig waves  perfect for every day and in every way . . makeuphair by yours truly 
 brandons my fav person to smoke w because when i get lipstick on the blunt amp i say sorry hes always like no thats awesome 
 yeah i smoked  lol
 what a day its been . time to smoke and watch the clips play  clippernation
 bout to smoke one
 chillllllllllllll  just cuz u dont smoke   forreal 
 and soon she will outgrow the weeds and all that will be left for show are things beyond her imagination.
 i dont even remember what happened  wokeup one day and was tired of partying all the time. now i just smoke dope and work and seek new life
 dont send me snaps of you smoking weed  idgafffffffff
 @xweedposts bullshit. i am 51 and i didnt dick off because of marijuana and i worked in education for 25 years. your a kid
 this is a fucking joke. i used marijuana to stop taking opiates and have four years clean  smoke every day. 
 gentlemen  that brings me to my next point. dont. smoke. crack
 i swear my hair never wants to cooperate in a ponytail until im doing nothing but smoking weed and going to sleep
 @notgatordd nope. i dont believe drug users should be in jail  but comparing the  of weed convictions to heroin is crazy 12
 alcohol is stupid   weed is tight
 almost time to smoke 
 forgotten weed stash donated to goodwill @cnn  ccp @dianavruiz
 crowded jails cause of weed sales
 smoke weed everyday  
 i smoke so good every time i come home 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 we smoke in texas like its legal
 maybe he got confused and meant the trump administration instead of marijuana. 
 theres your answer folks.. athis is why it has taken so long for weed to become legal. these industries are pressi 
 ill fuck you for an hour then ill smoke it out.
 ill fuck you for an hour then ill smoke it off
 lemme tell yall bout this one time i smoked crack
 im so glad my neighbor decided 1am was a good time to weed whack his front yard hell yeah dude
 ok  so i dont smoke amp i dont do heroin however  im gonna go out on a limb amp say weed amp heroin are no where near 
 @cannabisnw colorado isnt in the northwest. spokane is in the northwest. where are our weedpons theres no weed emoji bummer
 plsssss oklahoma legalize marijuana bc   im tired of these fuck ass drug dealers
 swear ta god im bouta smoke this half by myself right now
 yeah i think i might quit smoking weed 
 first night back at the jamaican with one of my crazy ass weed man 
 @goddesslnme thats should do it.but when u come out of ur weed comatose state amp after the orgasm u r still stressed u out
 every time i smoke i get so drunk
 never smoke with white lighters  
 putting on our weed mad with a job was the best decision mayson made all year  we high every morning
 i still have like 12 hours of driving and im running out of weed by the minute 
 lmfao when you got weed and a bong but noooooo fucking lighter
 time to roll some weed
 that turned into a rant lol let me go smoke some herb...
 smoke some weed for ya manz this morning but only if u using one of these dope lighters and not 
 she dont smoke but every time she wit me she be fadeddd
 saying weed is slightly less awful than heroin would be like saying my jumper is slightly less wet than kobes.
 anyone who smoked weed recreationally for 5 yrs has probably spent enough to have put down payment on a house. are you working at 7eleven
 @joerogan you just as bad. you smoke weed but the @ufc fighters you interview cant. they suffer more than you stupid.
 @fikes10 its someone that basically grows and tends to weed legally my mom tells me all about it on a weekly basis
 me amp kayla was making keshawn so mad last night  we gotta stop smoking all that weed befor we go to sleep 
 i thought the point of graduating early was to get a head start on life  not to smoke amp drink your way around buffalo every night lol
 can i get a random 10 minute break whenever i want do you smoke no no.  oh.
 forget smoking weed. ill just get high off of nitrogen
 i remember one time i smoked at work and i was paranoid af
 if its sumn i hate its dusty ass weed
 bout to face a blunt of ralphs weed
 jeff sessions on marijuana drug is only slightly less awful than heroin  via @yahoonews stuip @jeffsessions
 my mom thinks i smoke weed to escape the harsh reality of life  i smoke so i can go to sleep on time at night
 @frediehampton @djamery @cnn yeah i got weed  for medicinal purposes. global warming has been fucking up my lungs bro. so sorry  cant share
 this smoke detector has been going off for 2 fucking hours
 @mariahhshelby @dylanvanhorn88 @adriangunter yeah were having a st pattys thing  green beer and reefer all night 
 @jeffsessions  what a moronic and stupid thing to think weed is a problem. politicians are a problem. you have a lot of money in pharma
 this one time i took a percocet bc i was cramping and not knowing wtf i was doing then i smoked a tookah blunt omg bitch i was dead
 out of money and out of weed. it officially happened. i hate this.
 refueling posttrack workout berry hemp banana acai bowl at @rawjuce look who surprised me 
 smoking weed has me so slumped  how you supposed to have the energy to cheat  
 @billmaher cant smoke weed but... 
 bout to take a xanax then smoke this motherfucker
 now im about to drop a 4 in a 2 oz and smoke gelato till my eyes drop
 man @bubbawatson can smoke a golf ball. wow. arnoldpalmerinvitational
 i swear if you smoke before you take a shower you gone get out dumb gassed 
 im curious about his stance on alcohol is. to my knowledge  there are no rehab clinics for marijuana. 
 there is no biblical reason to not smoke weed. its a herb that was put here naturally by the one in the sky itself. soo try again 
 jeff sessions stupid to say marijuana can fight opioid epidemic. research it may be a good idea.  via @voxdotcom
 refueling posttrack workout with @bishreid berry hemp banana acai bowl mattjoseph78 
 @domdenverphotog @denverchannel now that marijuana is legal here  at least do it legal.
 for every blunt you smoke  save 5.
 posts one weed snap 17 responses of whaa nat since when hmu
 freeadvicein5words smoke weed every single day
 if you dont smoke why u going to smokersclub lol
 time to smoke 
 @jeffsessions said that marijuana is only slightly less awful than heroin.. how does someone this braindead become the attorney general
 i smoked hella dro before i took the act. went in that bitch like a  d  b  b  b  c.
 if i see that shitty goodwill weed in my feed one more time.. 
 i wanna smoke all the time to hide my problems but ive realized i have to face them alone 
 yeah i had a dream yeah i smoke yeah u think i need ya but i dont
 or roll one  smoke one  and make gamoni hide the rest from me again 
 not a good time unless i smoke mines 
 when your professor asks you how much weed you smoke daily ......
 if i dont let her hit my weed she sit there amp pout
 guys  if justified taught me anything  its that the coal miners are mostly dealing weed and meth now so... they have jobs.
 lmao remember when the smoke can out  ur head  
 growing up i said ill never smoke jacks now im on a pack a week 
 bout to pull out a beach chair and smoke like 10 doobies in my front lawn
 i still dont understand why weed isnt fully legal everywhere  especially when it was less harmful than alcoholcigarettes which is legal
 im confused middle school girls listening to trap music smoking weed and getting dicked down is cute now..fuck that i fear for our future
 now that weed is legal whos going to start the first company to brand joints as swag
 if you put pictures of weed on your snap story your a clown .. buy some wax its not the 70s anymore
 all the crazy drugs that are out there and ive only smoked and tried shrooms. everytime i tell someone i tried shrooms they bug out. why
 @bethreinhard i think he is referring to religion  not marijuana.
 you girls swear your the shit with no job  no car  smoking weed all day  drinking every weekend and have no plans for your future 
 patrick stewart reveals he uses weed like  every single day  via @mashable
 if you still call weed dank lose my number b
 i said it the day it happened. this is a smokescreen. this is bs  meant to take attention off of russia and the rest of it.. trump
 i swear yo its seem everytime im smoking weed at home i gotta take a shit
 so yall gone legalize heroin but not marijuana  get the entire fuck outta here 
 sessions promoted a bill to establish mandatory death sentences for a second drug trafficking conviction  including for dealing marijuana.
 all i do is work amp smoke and turn up every now amp than lol
 sean spicer is currently melting down. holy smokes.
 when you see the weed start sparking  
 so fucking annoying when i go into qt amp i buy sticks  they seriously always have something to say.. like ya i smoke now gimme my shit 
 we literally just smoked 4 blunts
 @katramsland patrick stewart reveals he uses weed like  every single day 
 yo its literally impossible for me to sit and write this paper unless im stoned so lemme smoke first sheesh
 eating at smoke for the first time
 id rather not do the second. marijuana decriminalization is one thing not every drug needs to be legal and thats 
 cnn dt uses smoke screens to avoid more important issues. he can twist and turn any small petty issue into huge news. dt taught you well
 bouta smoke this dutch amp fall back 
 almost everyone i know is in a relationship im here like wheres the weed at.
 lil jerk weed
 my professor just told our class to go smoke a joint to not be so stressed out all the time .... 
 @foxnewsinsider @senschumer why dont you do something instead of blowing smoke up the dems ass all   the   time
 yall keep saying weed dont get yall high likeeee stop buying the same bs strain from your boringass 
 kadie hempfling with 15 points in the loss.
 bruh bouta die and all dude can say is he need some weed  
 let the ganja enter your mind body and soul
 patrick stewart uses marijuana every single day
 like bruh im trynna investigate high profile cases im not worried bout puttin ur cousin manman in jail for weed
 i smoke with you  cause youve taught me to
 love this group check them out at cue17 on saturday morning in smoketree @ggusd @ggusdedtech @mslnguyen4 
 to smoke and skate or play frisbee golf wat shuld i do
 well my bf dont smoke.  
 our society is soo fucked up. a man will face 20 years over weed but this bitch gets 3 years for raping a 13 year o 
 colorado congressman says hell fight the attorney general if need be on marijuana via the cannabist 
 fisher davis smoked one too many blunts
 trump administration stance on marijuana almost as bad as heroin..... just let that sink in for a minute.
 frisco young pros event @ 3 stacks smoke amp tap house  @3stacksdallas in frisco  tx 
 finally off the clock and running to a giant dog and  i dont care if this gets me fired or deported  intend to smoke a giant joint.
 holy smokes is this a smart configuration of furniture in classroom via @crystalkirch cue17 flipclass 
 eyes drops first then smoke
 my next girl has to tap the black every time we smoke
 jeff sessions stupid to say marijuana can fight opioid epidemic. research it may be a good idea.  via @yahoonews
 dead bones up in smoke somewhere in california the final rest in peace 
 having to go back thru security every time i go smoke is such a bitch amp of course i always seem like im up to no good 
 sxsw is the only event that make me think weed is legal
 if u smoke the devils lettuce u deserve to be smoked by dem cops real talk
 i remember when i use to not smoke
 nigga roll my weed and get tf up out my face
 every time i see luffy play i remember that time at evo his drunk ass played santarouman for 2500 or some shit and got absolutely smoked
 mi remembaa .. di fuss weed weh mi bun roun mi a 10 mi affi light it again and out it again .. its like a band a play a riddim inna my head
 im convinced the only reason marijuana is illegal is the oppression of minorities bc it aint the calming effects or the health benefits.
 i would sell my whole soul to smoke with snoop dogg
 time to smoke one then do my hair 
 what every smoker say the day before they smoke again  .. 
 everybody in the world  here we go  fill your body  with the smoke and thats the way to go
 yeah ill smoke a beer
 good to know you can get more jail time for carrying weed than raping a child that barely is hitting puberty yet 
 id choose weed over alcohol any day 
 @rileyvelichka when you talk about weed in front of me 
 some niggas smoke everyday  well i drink everyday lol
 he like he got weed to smoke fo a long time 
 sometimes i wish my parents would smoke weed just one time .. so they can have that experience and stop thinking weed is bad lol
 damn i aint smoked in a minute and im high off life bro i swear
 yall lil bitches b skippin school to smoke sumn fuckin reggie 
 its so crazy that marijuana still isnt legal like...
 my mom just asked my cousin amp i what we smoked on lol whaaat
 done being a housewife today and now its time to smoke the greens daddy got me.
 i need to smoke or im literally going to beat the fuck out of somebody
 yal gon pass up a free smoke session with me  that hurts.. damn b. 
 the only time you should have some to say is if i blow the smoke in your face.. but idm anyway yeen gone fight me 
 all the weed in the world couldnt numb the pain in my soul
 your wcw smokes blacks on her snap
 holy smokes even @relevant picked this up. hats off to @brandenharvey  
 @mystikalgod666 also opioid painkillers are literally medical heroin and no one bats an eye but medical marijuana is a controversial issue.
 if they legalize heroin and not weed america will be officially fried........ 
 many reasons why im still here. i see that nowampit gets clearer eachday. i havent had sexor smoked  ive been super focused.gotta keep going
 shoutout to the nice lady cop who didnt take my weed  amp let me go without a ticket. privilege
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked  yeah you think i need you but i dont 
 sent @alexmendoza52 a snap chat of the weed filter  she sends me a bong
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 bruh sad story seeing old homies smoked out amp shitt
 literally my mom thinks not many people smoke weed 
 the sunken stoned eyes of a white law student are so sad bc i know he thinks black people should go to jail for selling him his weed
 bitch if you wanna smoke meth and starve then do it. dont be a cunt when someone goes out of their way to show concern. good fuckin riddance
 parents are still not home.. which means time to smoke a blunt 
 my moms mad bc my hoola hooping woke her up but u know what really grinds my gears  girl your smokers cough every morning at 5am.
 k so  everytime i smoke a cig dis gon pop in my head now 
 are they born with it is it maybelline is that last nights smokey eye how many licks until you get to the center of this analogy
 2017 still smoking weed still goin to music festivals still spending guap i do me how i do me u feel
 the other day i renewed my weed card right next to where i used to get donuts as a kid lmao how time flies
 about to try a drink called liquid marijuana
 i dont think ill ever smoke again. bcs the memories that came with that last blunt are too good to be replaced.
 still sparking . think i smoked 3 blunts everyday
 myself and @laserrotshow on the liquor and that good dank legal pacific northwest weed 
 my feet are fucking killing me  ready to smoke sumn and poke sumn
 this shorty is the first shorty in a long time that didnt want to smoke my weed  she had her own when i came over mvp
 i need smoke buddies
 guess what its 420 somewhere roll it  light it. smoke it  onelove 
 smoking weed is literally the best thing ever
 @missyoutommy @time @realdonaldtrump or teenager zach hammond shot in the back by cops over two marijuana joints. c 
 mary joe from bms is and will always be a smoke 
 taught me how to smoke shoot dice an now u in a grave
 time to smoke some green for all the leprechauns of the world
 state warns leafly on ads for marijuanadelivery services 
 one time a full 10 minutes after we smoked cole could see his breath outside and thought it was still smoke
 you dont do weed sean. 
 if you cant take drugs and smoke and still handle your business ... its just not for you pimp
 happy st pattys day yall  dont forget to smoke some green yadadamean
 i am not trying to get high at work for all the people coming through blowing smoke in my face 
 she gets dick weed then ignored  thats a dwi nigga ...
 it seems that every time i tag a tweet wresistance i weed out 45 followers  yay  please exit stage left if u r still supporting him.
 @louisemensch @potus @potus44 yeah and @seanhannity said he smoked pot and did a line in hawaii  can he go too
 @judusmaximus damn i was gonna say cuz im old but i dont remember last time i smoked hookah
 my mom just said you know you cant smoke after you get your teeth out 
 thank god everyday i have great friends  thats why every time i pop a bottle or smoke i say amen
 its st. pattys day make sure to smoke ur green today
 imagine smoking weed in the streets without cops harassing 
 @newmoneyoldmel i think almost every foodball player take some type of pills   medicine  weed something cause all that hitting they doing
 that we can solve our heroin crisis by legalizing marijuana so people can trade one lifewrecking dependency for another thats only
 thats abt 3 back woods ill make out of all that weed for a 2 hour high no im good 
 nate dogg heyeyeyey   me smoke weed everyday 
 well  if the captain says so...    patricktstewart reveals he uses weed like  every 
 every morning i wake up look at my phone for 30 min  shower  brush my teeth  smoke a few blunts  eat  then start my day 
 idk why i be so excited to go home every single weekend. i do the same shit . sit in the house with the same ppl and smoke 
 if this motherfucker smokes a cigarette in hallway again im going to jail today how many fucking times i have to tell you
 so yall rather legalize heroin before weed im so fucking done with this country man 
 @rocioandujo its annoying like i dont think youre a badass bc youre smoking weed on snap
 i am here for this rant that @eleven8 is on. i have heard so much trash this week. its all uh  yeah  austin tx  smoke some  uh  yeah  yeah
 i wish i can smoke my blunt while i get my nails done
 do you drink marijuana wait i am confused
 @noahnicolella maryland lost when are you going to smoke shampoo
 i need some weed and retail therapy smh
 @bjohn352 no wonder sessions says weed is similar to heroin  hes been smoking spice
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked 
 sick days call for weed and harry potter 
 15 minutes holy smokes 
 fucking love when my co workers give me weed
 new orleans on st. patty day holy smokes were crazy  @ 
 starting intothebadlands. holy smokes that opening fight scene. i think i ohmygoded about ten times.
 i really roll blunts amp smoke for hours at a time 
 this still has me confused. the country is legalizing hiv before marijuana 
 i literally just found a bottle of my favorite weed ever in my room  theres one nug and i have no smoking device im going to kill myself
 she dont smoke  but everytime she with me we be faded
 joe rogan and tj kirk both actively worked against bernie backed hrc  amp voted against them.  the one path towards cannabis legalization.
 @thehill is the very talented legal mind blowing smoke out of his ass who knows youre the fucking president  start acting like it
 has anyone ever actually smoked tobacco out of a bong
 we were born to mothers who smoked and drank  our cribs were covered in lead based paint
 you know you bought some bs if bruh tell you tell me how that shit smoke 
 take a smooth bubble bath and and smoke this
 tune into our snap chat tomorrow for a @mssmedicinal aka natalie take over with our evolve come smoke with us  
 my roomie said she dont smoke everyday but watch that change when august hit 
 she dont smoke but every time we together she be faded 
 i think the president is smoking weed
 lmao im nicer than u b ill drop ha off go get her some food and even would have smoked a couple with ha .... 
 just once id like to stand at a trolley stop and not get smothered by someones cigarette smoke 
 this song is just about weed so its not relevant to me but it is such a jam that i still listen to it everyday  
 so stupid ive worked out my whole life this would not help maybe it was a resturant serving weed dumb   
 on st. pattys we smoke ashton and peterson event going on here at humidor fine cigars 
 every time i smoke a bowl  i take a big hit for @laganjaestranja  the person id most like to smoke with 
 i just want to smoke everyday  reminiscing on them times i was broke everyday. annamae
 three wizards crowded with weed.
 912 months of probation amp possibly a week of jail time  all for weed. what a great justice system we have
 weed in my swisher imma everyday smoker
 these part time weed men annoying as hell
 dont smoke and drink my mother every time i go out like ok mom all i said was im going to the mall
 happy saint pattys day  im not wearing green but ill tell u one thing.. ima smoke that shit 
 every time i smoke i feel fat af
 you put it in your mouth  you light one end  and smoke... been the same way since day 1 
 this nigga tried to get me to smoke with him last night.. sorry buddy i aint see you roll it.
 my ex boyfriend who made me stop smoking for 16 months now suddenly smokes weed bruh
 of course snoop smoke 75 a day i smoke at least 3 a day.
 yo my co worker bought me food  beer amp weed for giving her a ride life is crazy 
 smokey  drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing at @unionbrewhouse   
 yeah  i had a drink. yeah  i smoked. yeah  you think i need you  but i dont  besitos
 just told my mom that me and every single one of my friends shes ever met smoke marijuana  she has now been contemplating life for an hour.
 so i officially think my dad knows i smoke now i came in the house eating all the chips amp he snatched it and said buy ya own munchies
 one time at a campsite  i met a guy who had a dog named cannabis
 yea gotta roll dem fattys ji loose otherwise you wasting weed lmao 
 i need a new  amazing show like weeds or desperate housewives...
 barbecue @ salt  smoke 
 fuck a green beer. i smoke green kush everyday.
 my first time trying weed ever i ate 2 edibles amp hit the bong hard as hell
 love watching my friend smoke away his life  @ smokes tobacco outlet 
 i cant buy a pack of smokes without running into 9 guys youve fucked jaffar
 my dad forgot to tell us he put weed in the thanksgiving turkey @savannaarral
 yeah go smoke and dont let the door hit you on your way out douchebag
 yaaaaa i had a drink yaaa i smoke
 i did get weed for a whole lot cheaper when i was single
 bouta roll one up and smoke in the cold once again 
 i can drink all day everyday. whenever i smoked it was one long hit and i was like aight im good.
 the reason they call themselves this is unknown. an accepted theory is that one of them smoked parsley and then went on a rant about norcal.
 everything blowing bouta smoke and dose off.
 bitch im running out of weed
 happy st pattys day smoke the green 
 yeah smoke my ass to bed yeah
 everytime i smoke a cigarette i say is gonna be the last  then something pisses me off and i light another one. oh well
 i smoke by myself every night.
 illegal grow raids how do we know it was an illegal marijuana grow are we suppose to take the laws word they been hatin since legal
 happy st. pattys day @ nixons rocky mountain smokehouse amp tavern 
 bru i swear you do more then weed 
 brandons grandpa thinks im a good kid cuz i always pass on the bong hits  but its because i only smoke spliffs
 that trump smokescreen has worked perfectly. instead of 100 focus on ties to russia  were wasting time on these wiretap allegations.
 spent st. pattys day at work with these cuties  @ smokey bones 
 i dont smoke but every time im  with him we be faded 
 i gave nate this can to put his weed in and he just gives it away thts fucked
 single mom who smokes lots of weed eh.  and a good person too says  you 
 they have a legal weed delivery service in boston
 if smoking reefer is just gonna knock you out.. especially at 9pm on a friday thennn perhaps you should just stop wasting money on it 
 make sure yall smoke yalls greens for saint pattys day
 my aunt did she smoke weed 
 why did my weed man put a roach in my bag  im so confused
 i need to smoke bruh
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 im literally a mess with out weed 
 all the dreams were held so close  seemed to all go up in smoke.
 getting free weed is my fav
 pulled out my weed and my mom just kinda stared at me and said yeah im down lol
 what a productive night mowed  fertilized  and weed controled front lawn and deweeded flower garden  placed weed cloth down  and mulched.
 this is getting bad. every black person smokes weed. yeah right. showing out ok cameras livepd
 time 222 smoke. 
 shower was love now im bouta sit back and smoke this face
 @kinglilg is really dope  listening to his music on spotify lost in smoke 
 i swear weed put me in a calm kool azz mood i b like man fuck all that just chill 
 when you have some smoke  but no gar 
 to smoke then paint my nails or paint my nails then smoke 
 i think i drank that liquid marijuana in 2.5 seconds
 who the fuck is weed whacking their lawn at 1230 in the morning
 i think i smoked one too many blunts taaaadayye
 who got the gars ill smoke
 every weed is marijuana
 i s2fg every time i smell smoke i literally get turned on its not fair
 tired of watching yall smoke them shits
 will drink smoke etc etc  everyday for the rest of the month. i think i can pull it off  therapy
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked  yeah you think i need you but i dont
 bout to smoke some coke... this seems like the most reasonable thing to do
 the event ended before 420 bless since i couldnt smoke towards the end.
 annual alcohol related deaths 88 000 annual marijuana deaths 0. jeffsessions is either stupid or being paid off by alcohol lobbyists.
 my mama mad cause she smoke reggie and i smoke loud 
 anyone in salt lake city notice how many of the homeless smoke cigarettes it is expensive but the free loaders do it anyway. why
 everyone should know about alcohol companies paying millions of dollars to keep weed illegal...
 food and weed are literally the only things that are making me happy rn
 every morning i wake up. the first thing i want is my  amp my weed 
 i just couldnt roll up or smoke thats when u know its time to take my asss to the hospital
 i havent smoked weed in 3 days bruh  shit crazy.
 @qtrain5 dont forget to live and smoke a pound of weed every now and then no matter what the random drug screening policy is
 i slept for about 11 hours lol. as soon as i got home from work i showered and smoked a few bowls and i was out by 1130
 i got a whole funeral to go to and all she worried about is weed thats crazy
 @ghughes51 is there a reason why marijuana isnt legal in utah i dont see one.
 leah was talking to a customer about weed wth
 time to smoke 
 @uhhmaryxo yeah it was supposed to be just a smoke night...until we stopped at pats lol
 i need to bust up weed but i just did my nails what do
 i smoke when i drink its tradition
 excited to smoke. fuck. leave me b. 
 its still crazy to me you can just go buy weed legally in colorado except for me bc still not 21 
 i think im ready to try weed.
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 i wish my nieces were here to pull some weeds. theyve got that high strung worker bee lawson blood. you should see my aunt phoebe... 8o
 i said i wasnt smoking anymore  but every time i get w. my cousin aleese she got me buying weed
 and i had no idea that cannabis is legal in uruguay ...
 niggas still willingly smoke milds lol
 @straincentral is there anyway for someone not to be allergic to marijuana. make a long story short a friends smokes and pukes every time.
 at least you didnt buy two packs just for your weed man to not hit you back  
 i think its time to smoke some weed
 weldon angelos was sentenced to a minimum of 55 years for selling 900 of marijuana and possession of a firearm.
 someone popped smoke in my face and ended up arrested lol
 my body so tired... ugh i just want to smoke
 border patrol probably not a good idea to smoke right before you cross the border us 
 she dont smoke but everytime she with me she be faded 
 @mostdopenickie ive smoked weed at least thousands of times and i cant say this has happened to me lol
 i was surprised i remembered the lyrics for this weed is mine
 babylon a murderer but we know i amp i a survivor so dem push up di pressure while dem drink wine and smoke dem cigar peace and love
 i smoke when i drink its tradition
 everytime i come to my  job someone has to point out how it smells like weed in there bitch shutup
 mj would smoke kobe one on one
 @rangerclaymore @perttplatifus @ajenglish mediocracy is an acceptable way of life for many. its easy for many to get lost in the weeds..
 its crazy that marijuana is legal here
 nah me and offset been shopping for mad hours. i just wanna get my nails done and smoke now
 riddle me this how am i supposed to smoke my dart  drink my coffee and switch in and out of first and second gear at the same time
 yeah im both  yeah i had a dream yeah it smoke. yeah you think i need you but i dont..
 but are there any guys left that dont smoke every day 
 ross shit so crazy just to sit and smoke too
 by the time i die  weed should be fully legal and its going to be a great time.
 cari levy on medical marijuana its almost impossible to overdose marijuana. deaths by marijuana are associated  not induced. paltc17
 my dad is pretty much making me smoke with him..
 i know it breaks your heart that i only smoke vape  cause i dont smoke gars  babe im at an old school bar take a joint to the face
 @fidtradz101 if we need seasonal workers  there should be a reasonable  legal process that protects our citizens amp weeds out crimeampterrorism
 i swear i thought i smoked my blunt but i didnt lmfao dangg that syrup got to me 
  iono why my mama wasting her time to make me take a drug test ion smoke
 if youre geeked to smoke everyday  i think you should put the weed down and actually address your problems.
 free smoke everyday  
 who down to go to lake tawokani and drink sum and smoke some
 yeah free smoke goes
 can we replay free smoke
 they need to replay that free smoke one more time 
 @seanchriscole lol  thanks.   kenobi couldve just nicked his cloth and smoke came from that.   maul did have lot on.   lol
 gonzaga needs to feed biggums weed boy every time down the court.
 got a haircut today that lasted 1 hour and 10 minutes. holy smoke my hair aint that technical. but i think i look good.
 currently ordering weed delivery while a handyman i called from an app assembles a tv stand i bought on amazon. mixed feelings on all of it
 free smoke go crazy
 why free smoke go so stupid
 internet customers every time i talk to one they have a smoke alarm beeping every min due to needs a battery. change it  annoying.
 well now that im off work early  time to wash the old mans car  then smoke  then change  party and sleep
 if cannabis becomes legal in maryland im going into that business
 it kills me when i go into someones houseapartment and they smoke inside. i want to puke every time
 did drake mention sorority in free smoke bc lmaoooo wonder how many girls r going to use that line
 every time i get in my feelings   i smoke a blunt and feel better 
 todays gardening...made the border super obvious bc the lawn guys just hack the crap out of everything gt 0 weede 
 teenage fever and free smoke my favorite two songs  morelife
 yoooo free smoke free smoke  ay wordtomyenemies
 smoking weed makes it easier to do push ups
 anyone trynna smoke and do sumn
 i am mesmerized by the way the light hits the smoke 
 i am literally dreading buying weed from now on because it will never compare to what i have been having
 working 12 hour shifts at a smokeshop makes me go insane 
 @ryxnello a single weed. i need to repent
 @think about it. the acengers for marijuana
 slightly smokey  
 @flyinhawaiian89 ill smoke you at the next one
 almost forgot drink drink smoke clean bathroom then smoke take shower go out to local bar maybe
 just one single marijuana  
 edible arrangements in states with legal recreational marijuana are really missing out on a huge market...
 just tryna smoke and watch this fight tonight
 yall smoke toothpicks  i pick the steak out of my teeth 
 i got alcohol. someone gimme somewhere to drink it. i got weed. someone gimme somewhere to smoke it.
 whats a liquid marijuana lol
 @zomdadon you the one who want weed shorty .
 aint that the fuckin retard that said weed is only slightly worse than heroin 
 i smoked one time while i was at home at school i smoke damn near everyday  that shit terrible
 the way this one woman is laughing in here  i think i could make a reasonable guess how many packs of cigarettes a day she smokes.
 4422 free smoke teenage foever 
 swenbygtb smoke weed every night before you go to bed
 need a female friend to smoke with. tired of smoking with niggas everyday.
 time to smoke myself into a coma and hysterically cry over the passing of the man  the myth  the rock amp roll legend...chuck berry.
 me when the end of free smoke happened 
 yeah free smoke on repeat for the rest of my life
 people roll up anywhere in colorado  i guess thats what happens when weed is legal
 when your brother tells your mom youve been smoking weed so she makes you take a pee testltltlt
 guess ima just smoke amp gts.
 see one smoke one
 my mama need to leave so i can smoke lol
 cooking with cannabis class at magnolia wellness is 319 from  24pm. the session will be taught by john sanders. 
 aint smoke in a minute im in the mood to
 damn bruh ate 6 of these cookies sitting here didnt even know they had weed in em lol well im about to be fucked in about a hour
 i swear to god if i could go back in time to anywhere itd be going to the up in smoke tour holy shitttt
 wow i smoke so much weed i smoke at least one cloudy bong rip every day lmao im such a stoner  
 i didnt realize how legal weed was in cali until i got here. you literally smell weed everywhere.... i love it.
 why is it necessary to smoke every 3 minutes
 next spot hemphopmagazine @hemphopmagazine  lilbankhead945 @legendfilmlabs @ sxsw 
 mask off was the best song to drop so far until free smoke dropped tonight
 i swear a smoke sessions with me might take you to anew deminsion
 lilbankhead sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 he said he smokes and drank  was supposed to stop but he cant 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 its time to smoke again
 i swear im the only person who doesnt drink or smoke.
 smoking weed is shit i did in middle school  i had the addys everyday in high school
 1 day and 500 miles from legal weed and i can barely contain the excitement
 im bout to smoke a j no grabba first time for everything
 i just need a lighter to smoke this j.
 this is me every time i smoke 
 glasses glasses which one should i pick  @ aampa smokers outlet 
 avery smoked me in the head with a brush earlier and now i have a bruise on my forehead
 just because i put 420 on my snap doesnt mean i smoke shitnasty
 @yallmyhoes make me some  ill buy the weed. lol
 for the first time in a while i couldnt find weed in boston at 3 am
 why do people smoke and snap 
 now that marijuanas legal in ma  when somebody buys a bong  it should say  for grass use only  because bonging tobacco should be illegal
 they asked me at the er today if i had taken any illegal drugs like marijuana...its legal where i live buddy
 im not supposed to smoke in the crib but fuck it right
 yeah free smoke my shit.
 you know you getting old when you too tired to smoke at the end of your nights so the only time you smoke anymore is before work. smh
 cannnnnnnnnn thotty bugatti get up  smoke and go hop on some  before church at 11 without going to hell or nah
 i stopped smoking weed after spending 15 minutes searching my phone under my bed.. while using my phones flash light...
 when someones cigarette smoke gets in my face 
 you think free smoke gon be a single and have a video
 blow cigarette smoke in my face and youll take a blow to the face.
 i feel more and more jamaican everytime i hear the end of free smoke
 last 48 hours. slept maybe 4 hrs still pumped to film in the smokey mountains soon.
 first few notes of get throwed  whole crowd smoke sumn b 
 @bruceprichard during piperspit train wreck at wm5  was downey supposed to continue to blow smoke in @rroddypiper face @heyheyitsconrad
  thatawkwardmoment when you try to quit smoking weed but your homies roll thru before brunch w a big bag of bu 
 after 8 hours on the smoker  time to wrap brisket and cook 34 hours 
  duke said i cant smoke 
 i half to smoke so l can function everyday l have health issues the pot doctor told me two times a day vs 
 im surprise alcohol is legal and weed isnt
 @vp @judgemoroz @potus hopefully he will make marijuana legal for medical everywhere and not let sessions go after millions depend on it
 @booksrg8 @lisacrispin @jonduncanhagar ok  ive been in that situation. wear a mask to avoid breathing in smoke.  m 
 free smoke really too cole
 literally everyone smokes in pittsburgh
 i do not smoke  but ill bring the lighter fluid aka liquid nitrogen aka raw sewage aka hennessy. 
 my cat literally keeps eating my weed
 like idk if my body can handle any more weed for a while
 everywhere i go i always have at least 3 lighters on me and i have sixteen at home right now. i need a smoke and i dont fucking have one
 when you and katelynn are the only ones that smoke lol so were straight chillen puffin our blunts in the back seat
 sparking dat weed up without no permission
 if u smoke dutches.... you probly dont wash your hands 
 @guywormy my reaction when we smoked from a gravity bong on the roof lmao 
 roll one  smoke  when u live like this your supposed to party.
 im both yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked
 literally going without weed until this young man gets back 
 funny everyone complains abut uzi saying yeah but drake literally said that shit 100 times in free smoke 
 swear this was me during the intro of free smoke 
 cj volunteered to wash smokey while i take a nap
 @jeffsessions stance on marijuana is slightly less awful then heroin. dipshit. 
 rolling up a fat one for the playas to smoke
 lets play begonia breed or weed strain 
 every time i smoke a wood 
 @itslaybandz it definately was lmao. we aint even plan for the night to go the way it didmy mama tb my room smelt like weed
 just joking  i tried to smoke one time amp didnt inhale right so i quit 
 @dbcopa you know i never said there was collusion  case closed. i just see a whole lot of smoke  amp enough reason fo 
 yeah i smoke that strong a lot
 free smoke probably my fav but idk because i love each amp every single one of them
 i literally need weed in my body so bad why am i always broke
 wow  i dont know if @mooselickbrews atmoosphere is supposed to be smokey  but it is.
 nascar on the radio  good smoke in hand. apiratelooksat40 
 ive done that before..  smoke a blunt mama 
 anyone in stillwater need there yard mowed amp weedeated this summer
 mowed the lawn  pulled weeds  have lukasey clothes washedampironed for the week  and dinner is cooking.. how am i not wifed up yet 
 mowed the lawn pulled weeds have lukasey clothes washedampironed for the week and dinner is cooking how am i not wifed up yet happysunday
 teenagers that smoke cigarettes are mad stupid
 grocery stocker hey lady my friends need saving i introduce leave me alone mark galvanized next month 49 no teeth smoke cigs drink a beer
  thats probably why we are so tired   all we smell is weed welcome to cali
 free smoke ay
 for the first time ever  the federal government is referring to marijuana as medicine  the real strategy  via @ther
 bro weed dealers so unreliable.
 mowed moms lawn today and now back spasms. 13rd the size of my yard  but 5foothigh weeds.
 i face so much weed its crazy 
 oh yeah smoke  
 my aunt bought me a weed cookie im dead 
 portland madiba riddim do not disturb  free smoke  sacrifices 
 @jesseebarness @tjwurtz u hit juuls cause they either want to smoke weed and cant handle it  or think for some reason nicotine healthier
 i said i cant smoke on sunday this mf said you think you going to heaven 
 beat me in a fight and ill smoke you out for three days how exciting. violence and free weed
 my mom thinks i smoke all the time 
 uzi wrote free smoke drake said yah too many times lol
 yeah i smoke   yeah you think i need you but i dont
 more time yuh affi remix di thing dem and still maintain di hype.  mortti | smoke grey  clean 
 when the bass drops on free smoke i literally fall into the sunken place 
 @goldengateblond @sacca what do they do in states where marijuana is legal
 allllll the sudden you smoke the weed
 i smoke everyday thats that dedication
 put the weed in the trunk if the cops try to stop us theres no reason to front
 i think i smoked my last bowl but i know i have weed somewhere i just dont remember where 
 the only thing that helps me is weed i swear.
 all boxes or ciggarillos and cartons of ciggarete come with a free lighter  @ aampa smokers outlet 
 a @rappin4tay i got lyrics of myself i have in my mind amp i can think more of  i was in the military and i smoke medical marijuana to relax
 because their short term memory loss from the weed makes them have to go back and see how profound they just were. 
 question 12 do you think weed is in the same category as cracc  meth  heroin etc
 my boss wth is up with all the tips you get puttin some marijuana in the custos bags dnt worry ik u smoke thats all u ever smell like 
 if you smoke weed.. brush your teeth before kissing or talking to me.
 what if they allowed marijuana consumption in the military 
 you smoke a lot yeah and you breathe too often  like let me vibe 
 im going to get ramen and play overwatch and smoke weed. literally what is happening to me.
 i wish i was high all the time without having to smoke lol
 im not going to kill myself over this shit  thats why i smoke weed every day
 ffs this isnt a step closer to equality this is appeasement  smoke and mirrors. its a light. seriously. a light 
 i dont see how people smoke and do homework at the same time  my ass be stuck for hours 
 i swear weed fixes everything 
 bruh whatever weed you smoking ima need that 
 berner said when him and wiz drop their album on christmas they also dropping a new weed strain and seed pack 
 when you get done smoking his weed and his girlfriend call right on time for him to bring his ass home so you dont gotta kick him outgtgtgtgtgtgt
 got pulled over and the cop found our weed   but missed a joint and my pipe  and let me keep my alcohol haha
 need somebody to smoke with  that has a lighter 
 face mask  lil smoke  cup of tea  its all calling my name
 nothing annoys me more than someone who wants to smoke all the time but cant roll 
 about to smoke this dope and knock
 i fucking love weed bruh.
 where there is smoke.....   ubers president is leaving the company after 6 months 
 i need some weed amp gars asap
 now i now  how marijuana is good for you  because i hear it every day  hour after hour  but in college it had a somewhat different purpose.
 i always say im not crazy then catch myself being crazy af i need to smoke
 you got kicked out the military for smoking weed  bye
 @susansarandon beyond the acting  u astound in appearance u amp ms lange must not be smokers like bette amp joan
 canttakeawaymy weed  if youre not a cop. are you a cop  you have to tell me of youre a cop.
 im at that point its time to smoke a joint 
 @whtthesoul i was vibing to free smoke  teenage fever  fake love  sneaking  2 birds one stone  and do not disturb
 i always say that the first thing ill do it when i get home is smoke a bowl but i think i sit on my phone for an hour before i pack one lol
 every time i smoke w bri one of us do some dumb shit 
 conductor remember there is no smoking on board the metro reasonable person ill smoke my weed if i want  i love california.
 conductor remember there is no smoking on board the metro reasonable person ill smoke my weed if i want  i love california.
 wasted hella weed fo none 
 i wanna smoke but my whole body is aching from this stomsch virus and i cant put myself through anymore pain 
 she said no   like you could actually sniff weed out of your finger nails to get high again . im so
 smoking some bomb ass weed  fucking all my exes and crushes  partying and asking for forgiveness on my last day 
 free smoke yall fw it bout drop in a few 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 irrelevant person no job amp no school u smoke too much  me full time student amp bx therapist 
 yeah i smoke weed lol  i could tell because i smoke weed too
 alotta new familyz we turnt errone know i love weed like ah pizza
 only slightly less awful than heroin. ok. thats why you can od the first time you shoot up but cant od off weed 
 in 1967 keith richards was sentenced to a year in jail for letting mick jagger smoke a joint in his house friendshipgoals
 @natemoda tell him to stop drinking his beer every night hes drunk every night he smokes crack
 this is my 7th time watching weeds. i have a problem.
 bouta smoke this gas amp crash 
 i need to stop smoking so much weed all the time 
 im at the gym amp i swear im sweating out weed lmao
 you know  if someone is going to smoke in the building im happier its weed at least that wont kill me.
 all day everyday  with snack ampa smoke breaks in between  
 i have the flu  my spending funds getting low  i have no weed. yeah definitely gotta get back to texas asap. lol.
 i can smoke a whole backwoods in the dark without destroying it yet yall cant even get urs through one rotation 
 more life been playing this whole time  done ran out of weed fuckin around 
 melted smoke detector and burnt furniture outside the house that caught on fire. dog rescued  man taken to hospital 
 yoo everything tht could go wrong went wrong  a female fainted  a flood in one of the cells  the smoke coming out o 
 my last relationship was based upon sex  physically fighting and marijuana.
 @kampenkreator @fitzwithme yall down to smoke some heroin
 for which drugs will they be testingheart  pain  choleterol meds legal weed  who has ties to drug test facilitie 
 what makes you mad my moms bf smokes and got her smoking cigs again after 15 years 866.246.8923 bigboy  live 
 my mom said these weed socks i have are for santeria. u caught me
 so  let me interpret for those who dont get it  you can blow that smoke somewhere else. 
 i smoke every single day amp i still manage to have as amp bs noexcuses
 say you worked for 20 years but had to quit due to a back injury. you file for unemployment but get denied because you smoke marijuana.
 think the time has finally come to where i will no longer smoke dope
 say you worked for 20 years then was fired because of budget cuts. you file for unemployment but get denied because you smoke marijuana.
 ... because there is no good time to smoke skunky marijuana... 
 im sad i dont live where marijuana is legal
 bouta smoke one
 im tired of buying weed and watchin these broke niggas smoke my weed.
 am i the only one who likes to smoke before they workout 
 lmao i seriously have an amazing story to tell  never smoke laced weed
 the attorney general main focus is on marijuana but not putting a end to opioid abuse.. thats beyond crazy
 @samgdf @lsukernik @iankar passionfruit is great yeah. free smoke  4422  and gyalchester too
 let me get to the point  and lets smoke this joint and turn the radio loud.
 stank gone tell me lets go get kushy i told him i dont smoke he gone tell me next time i see you ima hit you wit my car since u lying 
 lets smoke amp watch veggietales
 i think i need some smoke time 
 waking up with no weed is like... give me a minute bruh.
 only time i see somebody under 30 smoking cigarettes is when they tryna quit weed 
 or you could just smoke hella weed and remember it lol 
 it is a right of every individual to control impulses to  say  overeat  drink alcohol  smoke  etc. this right is go 
 i smoke weed with my dad so yeah 
 just doing hw when an army solider knocks on my door amp i thought it was a cop who was taking me to jail for smoking weed whenever i wanted..
 bouta smoke onna lake 
 colorado congressmen vow to fight the feds should a cannabis crackdown occur.  cannabis colorado
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 yeah. mouthwash like crazy the next 2 days amp dont smoke 
 @wisn12news shaq has smoked one too many things.
 hell yeah i smoke weed cause i like to go green
 every time i listen to the intro to free smoke i be like . 
 my professor literally said it smells like weed  how you gunna do it and not share 
 aaahhhhh i 4got to bring my aunt a bag of weed 
 dont smoke on ya lunch amp come back to work without food i am starving literally
 lmao put up a snap of guac and abbey messages me saying that looks like creamed weed hahah creamed weed im dead
 she get dick weed and ignored thats a dwi
 @youngdolph drop bullet proof so i can smoke backwoods while listen to it 
 ever since i told my mama i smoke weed  she think every time i leave im bout to get high  like girl relaxxxx
 like out of all the things in this world to go to rehab for i never thought weed would be one of them
 i see da vision bro  selling reposts on my soundcloud for 10almost at 1 million plays on my one song  lets link and smoke some gas 
 i cant stand cigarette smoke and im stuck next to a chimney all day. that shit is gross  
 nate dogg or get ready for the next episode  hey ay yay yay... me smoke weed every day 
 watching cops cop whens the last time you smoked meth lady uh... yesterday
 i smoked tooooo much before bed
 i swear ima weed junky lol
 dem smoke cant change the facts  no matter how many times they say it  
 i thought drizzy was bout to take us to church when i heard free smoke start the first time
 all my cousin does is smoke weed  show off her tits on ig  and listen to hiphop. this is not the future we asked for.
 ill never forget the time i cooked the weed scale in the oven on accident lmao 
 and so i can smoke whenever i want
 fuck the weed i got that ur nails  
 free smoke goes crazy
 sneaking out to smoke 1
 but seriously if you wanna take me to wash clothes  ill smoke you out lol
 she say she dont smoke but everytime she with me she faded
 put that in your think piece and smoke it 
 i smoke when i drink  its tradition
 @daynperry hope you get seven weed jokes in response to this.
 ya mcm makes you throw 5 on it every time ya smoke
 @jdabz420 @ccsexton92 bruh the most  weed still i swear
 i dont think you can really say you fw smokepurpp until youve vibed toheard this  classic 
 youre a fruitcake if you smoke berry fusion
 everytime i sit at this light i think of that kid that almost got smoked @coleleggieri1 
 my flight leave at 7am and i gotta smoke all my weed before i get on that mf lol im rly bout b fried
 so my neighbors below me smoke bruh was like smoke that shit i said i be smelling it he say you smoke i said yeah he say i gotcha later bet
 ay please dont smoke heroin
 theres one single bluebonnet in my yard. plenty of weeds  though. 
 @dattaxpony some liquid nitrogen snack that makes smoke come out when you bite them
 im not even a smoker but every time i do bra my mind be so relaxed... im fenna start making it a habit because my mind gone drive me crazy
 @slipmatwax i agree  but id add that it must sell legal tested cannabis.
 bruhhhhh... imagine  you cant get a job because youve been smoking weed. benefits are supposed to be temporary. m 
 eye couldnt. aint go be no next time . ion want no smoke . 
 when we are doing activities in spanish and some kid said hes smoking tomorrow morning and she asked if it was weed this professor fucks
 woow...with legal marijuana can they still test for that 
 i think i figured how to cure that dudes opioid induced constipation  smokehouse pork pizza from little caesars
 smoke weed everyday
 if i seriously lost all my weed im going to flip my shit i swear to god
 @roycoopernc so when will we be joining the 20 something states where weed is medically legal. or even one where its legal period maybe...
 soo you just sit up and play in good weed all day  
 nate dog hope you ready for the next episode hey  hey  hey  hey  me smoke weed everyday 
 lets set the record... i dont illegally smoke anything... legal co
 let me set the record straight... i dont illegally smoke anything... legal co
 you know what bugs the fuck out of me me being a serverworking with younger servers  knowing all they work for is money for weed
 remember when weed used to make everything funny yeah me neither
 what bugs me is being a serverworking with a few younger servers  while their bragging about making money to buy weed after work
 cool roadtripping stop. 1834 snelsonbrinker cabin wth smokehouse. history travel firstdayofspring roadtrip 
 but you still selling that bs weed 
 fuck my back up account on insta is either full of weed  sex pictures  my dogs or some shit . but this time ive done right ..
 swear that marijuana keep it crackin
 i smoked a blunt w at least one of my mangers at every job i worked
 free smoke amp teenage fever 
 free smoke instrumental  drake morelife beats hiphop rap trap music mondaymotivation garyvee based lilb
 should i lie to my parents and tell them im going to see jordy and actually just go smoke weed secretly
 can we remember that last year my intro for my hi for a period of time was as wise snoop dogg once said  smoke weed every day. 
 every time okc is on i think steven adams smoke a lenio time to get down with this funky norteno
 jesus what do u call this weed strain  percocet
 stuck on your ex  smoke a gar
 @forzacorrado well at least he didnt smoke weed
 i dont day smoke. no way. night time im over here killing lighters every 3 days 
 lol hoes dont even b inhaling the smoke  just b wasting weed and shit 
 @davidcoleman27 words. words. words. im a military man. i shoot terrorists and smoke cigarettes
 day 1 without weed  im dying
 i swear its the niggas that never put nothing into a smoke session always talking bout pass the blunt
 i think i should rewatch weeds once a year for the rest of my life
 some lady came up to me in the parking lot leaving and said  damn smoking that ganja   she hit that hoeee too 
 johnheilman needs to stop smoking weed when hes about to go on thelastword
 free smoke ay
 @target i feel like i just smoked a doobie after watching that target commercial hazydenver mindgames
 bouta smoke n knock out 
 @pcgdstudios @unionjackpub hastagh beer hashtag battalion ale hastagh cue the smoke  battalionale
 im still waiting for a goth boy with shaven off eyebrows and a dark smokey eye to come into my life and love me.
 yeah smoking weed on snapchat is cool but have you smoked weed on your instagram story before 
 ig ill just smoke this blunt and gts 
 every time i smoke dro i be strong for bout 6 hours amp my mom be getting on my ass 
 about to smoke me a blunt and knock out
 how big man like you could be on da park everyday  know you gern beg for smokes and gat the audacity to never have lighter 
 swear i had myself convinced that weed was legal unless youre on probation
 damn  uno dissed yachty on the free smoke instrumental already  fuck
 how uno get the free smoke instrumental before tory lanez
 i miss shorty. i need someone to smoke with centralrys17 
 we ate   shower  now its roll weed time 
 i swear drake is saying free shmeul instead of free smoke 
 lmao my gma literally walked in on us rolling a blunt amp have weed all over the table and didnt say one word about it
 every time before i open this dudes sc story i think he posting pics of guacamole but it ends up being weed
 same goes with smoke sessionsdrink sessions and etc 
 future florida home whenever yall visit my me all youre going to hear is classic celia cruz and then find me in a lawn chair smoke a cigar
 swear i just b smokein when im board 
 bluntchallenge  ill smoke anywhere 420 is everyday 
 i fuckimg love weed bruh
 i fucking love weed bruh
 keep calm lets smoke @theextravagant1 420smokeout pt. 2 hollyweed ed. 42017 get discounted 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 wish i at least had some weed 
 @tsvmlkl yeah same alcohol is terrible for ya which its crazy how thats legal and weed isnt yet no one dies of weed overdoses lol
 why would anyone steal your crappy weed that you get from a cop  
 i will never in my life talk to a shorty that smoke boogie
 i used to be like ew weed is gross ... until i hit the blunt the first time
 my goal is to get weed legal in ky this year.
 texas will never make it legal seeing as though racism towards mexicans is the reason weed is illegal in the first 
 after 420 ima stop smoking....says every smoker lol
 i smoked out of a rubber type of bong shit for the first time 
 7 more hours amp weed is all gone 
 bro how the only good free smoke instrumental was on youtube hours after the songs dropped .. but now these garbage remakes are all over
 especially wen my dad smokes everyday amp teases me on smoking . now drinking wise . i cant anymore . my body wont accept the alcohol.
 i need to be in california smoking good weed somewhere enjoying my life
 @brookie425 legal weed
 shorty in the beginning of free smoke was goin crzy.
 @classicdadmoves also asks to help him outside with a chore for a few minutes  4 hrs later raked leaves  stacked wood  mowed  weedeated.
 liquid weed is the next best thing 
 i swea sum yall on my snap smoke so many blunts every day n every couple hours. like do yall be faded for a few days straight
 and smoke weed everyday 
 if youre generally a mad person  you either need to start smoking some weed or start smoking some weed.
 lmao she can follow the wave feelings gon b hurt when i tell her im in class but on snap at a smokeout  
 @nickdiaz209 snapchat consists of three things  1. partying every night. 2. weed. 3. people awkwardly looking at the camera.
 taxes on marijuana could bring in more than 100 million annually  state officials said monday 
 i smoke when i drink its tradition
 tears of joy come to my eyes every time the beat drops in free smoke
 @cannalifenet hey thank you so much for the follow looking forward to chatting about our cannabis family event
 lmao my teacher telling us to write our favorite song soo im bout to write sum cheif lyrics fuck it dope smokes
 i wonder who will be the first person to smoke weed in space
 new smokepurrp  woah prod. tm88 amp southside music video  
 i play the intro to free smoke 23 times before i listen to rest of the song 
 roomie i could call my pastry hook up  non weed me judging him r its the same person i would call for acid m thats not a point for u
 my fav song and that free smoke the rest is crap lol@ 
 my dad smoke any good weed lately  me every now and then.  my dad they call it loud now right   great way to start my morning. 
 @taragranahan smoking is a head high eating is a body high ive smoked every night for 30 yrs helps me sleep after i laugh lol
 @analyticsedge hope you ever done any analytics for a cannabis festival
 my weed money will go to diapersi felt that one deeeeppp
 california says 13 marijuana dispensaries owe 12 million  john nobels fed planet greens too 
 they be buggin  talm bout you only hmu when you want weed  .... you my weed man what you expect  
 most chicago niggas are actually broke because they just spent all their money on mikes  fendi belts  and weed 
 lol they said dolph use to be a barber he never sold weed
 suns out  im lit and a beautiful day. time to smoke outside...
 @markanthonyspce no suh  i cant massa said i cant smoke
 im gonna look for my weed one more time and if i dont find that shit.. im blowing this whole fucking rez up
 literally when he said why do potheads get so excited to smoke someone out for the first time is so true like it 
  opioidepidemic is destroying americas future. proof states with legal marijuana see a huge drop in opioids use.
 @jakestrauss if i wanted to listen to someone try and sing id go to a talent show an free smoke and no long talk are literally the same song
 when i dont get a break at work for nearly 4 hours  i smoke a whole cigarette in 3 drags 
 beware this demon bring shame to stupidity like i bring honor to smoking weed every day  oh snap lol
 kids these days really stepping their game up. seven... seven cases. and marijuana kidding aside  why is this i 
 i have 4 more hours b4 ill be home but currently in a text convo wit one of my treemen cuz i gotta secure my after work smoke 
 every time i wash my face after i smoke i feel so much higher and i dont get it 
 free smoke ay  free smoke ay  free smoke ay 
 my mother really needs too sit down and smoke one
 maybe it isnt allergies. maybe its the pack of unfiltered clove cigarettes you smoke every day
 before work i have a whole concert.  its therapy like newports for smokers. gets my mind right.
 this saturday we at @faceznightclub wonder b performing his hit single fuck  smoke  amp chill shit finna be cr 
 why r people still doing drugs lol cmon we all grew up  just smoke ur weed n be happy peopleunless ya wanna pee 
 swear ever since i stopped smoking weed and doing dumb shit  no one talks to me anymore lmao. goes to show you who your true friends are.
 for the first time ever  the federal government is referring to marijuana as medicine  news via @activistpost
 paul wall said he does smoke where it is legal. watch live 
 had been dancing nonstop for two hours and was dry mouthed from the sunshine blotter and lots of weed.
 we smoke in public everyday b.
 yo i smoked a blunt of moon rock once and slept for 20 hours.
 um marijuana is legal in co amp her job is 100 legal how does that make her a drug dealer
 smoking weed with you cus you taught me to
 got this blunt in my hand lol im to tired to smoke it 
 and she will drag a bitch on say so.... so play wit me. bitches can get smoke to these days .
 going to try and live my life sober well at least from smoking weed
 im being punished why am i sick a few days before an important event i sound like a pack a day smoker 
 my mom dead thinks i smoke now 
 every kid needs both its parents in its life. we wonder why the world going up in smoke now.
 so apparently im supposed to be in a music video amp my part is to represent maryjane without having weed in the video. 
 can you not smoke in my face
 420 feet to go smoke one for @berthadigssr99.
 i swear all this nigga  @robbwil1 does is smoke weed make burritos and do push ups all day 
 she get dick  weed  and ignored thats a dwi nigga 
 every time i wana smoke ill do 20 pushups ampevery time i wana masturbate 15 sit ups that way by the end of the week ill be totally ripped
 if you been selling weed since 1990 and havnt bumped to cocaine theres a problem
 if i didnt smoke i wanna know how many friends would i have
 applicants camp out ahead of lemon groves first day accepting paperwork for marijuana dispensaries 
 dave chappell has to have the ability to smoke anywhere in his rider. he smokes everywhere
 free smoke get harder every time i hear it
 done drawing for a couple minutes. bouta freak this mild and take a smoke break 
 just smoked a nonfiltered newport and i swear my soul felt it.
 yeah weed  jk 
 @marcelegance weed  or just dont work at all... how r u ok with ur mom picking up ur slack like dat
 hmmm do i take the hookah in the bathroom with me so i can smoke while havin a bath or do i try not to force it for a minute of my existence
 idk how many times i gotta tell these girls who tryina play cute. stop that shit  you wasting my weed dawg. 
 now i can smoke whenever i want
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 he said yeah i know you can smell that thats some good weed  
 snoop dog donated the smokes 
 my aunt just goes if i could smoke an joint before work everyday i would
 my aunt just goes if i could smoke a joint before work everyday i would
 uzi the weed 
 these goth black chicks that are one with the universe and smoke cigarettes and show off they nipples on twitter and swear they woke ltltlt
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing @ tavern on main  
 i smoke everyday bruh
 ice should be allowed to go to every school and weed out all the illegal immigrants in school to be deported
 mom...seriously smoking weed is not a phase  its a lifestyle  @jaylynbland 
 who tryna smoke sumn 
 i fuckin smoke heaters and fight bitches @mayykayy
 i dont know how people can smoke blunt after blunt  my ass would be in the dam hospital  i get high as hell if i hit the blunt one time 
 anything that bothers me i just smoke cramps headache stomach ache teeth hurting smoke 
 i smoke too much  the problems of a 20sumn.
 @utcoachjones i will literally sell petros and smokey dogs in neyland every weekend for the rest of my life if you 
 i just wan smoke one big joint and wake up whenever cooler fete start.
 i think we smoke at least 15 blunts a day now 
 its so funny watching this guy on sc talk about his grind everyday when he sells weed out of his moms basement
 so tired of the smoke amp mirrors
 me every time i go out with @hshoberg and i see him smoking weed 
 @beadjunky18 @mjsmith11 @scottwalker i dont smoke..  i have a jobbbbbbbb to go to.
 me every time the fucking smoke alarm goes off in my apartment every 5 seconds 
 youre going to consistently get into arguments over marijuana because one of you smoke more than the other 
 guna try a weed bath bomb  
 i smoke when i drink its tradition 
 my mom literally said she would rather dope me up on anti depression and anxiety pills than me smoke pot are you fucking stupid
 bruh kinsler smoked that one
 i used the clover instead of the knockoff weed leaf emoji because i am tasteful  alanna keenan 2017
 someone smoke sumn
 i think its fucked up how you cant smoke weed in target
 im fucking dead bc this is me when i smoke 
 @blizzy @laybayy smoke in the shower
 do you remember my little brother  yeah i just smoked some of his weed 
 maaaannnn  theyve been smoking for years. they smoke and cant even afford lighters  so they have to adapt. lmao 
 niggahs want smoke   until they get kontact
 @morganmurphy you said you were going to smoke after the show  but i cant find you or anybody smoking. where r u i brought joints
 im literally never doing weed again.
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 my grandmother 78 and smoke more than me  i love her i swear.
 he needs to go  i worked from 6 am3pm and ive been wanting to smoke all day .... 
 shoutout to the asshole in our complex that smokes weed on our porch every night amp hacks up a lung while blasting music.
 no ones up to smoke with me 
 oh my god you smoke weed its a drug. dont mind me ill just go perish in my k hole a fucking festival @sxmmie
 ive been pouring bong water into this plant every night amp im so high i dead ass thought a weed plant started growing 
 if i didnt have weed... i would be fucking in jail for killing somebody omm
 bitch i didnt need you to get high. we both just happened to smoke everyday and i was with you everyday because i 
 i need some gars dutches honey fusion il smoke a blunt bring 3pks
 actually 4 teenage fever 5 free smoke
 smoke weed everyday nate dogg voice 
 getting a big cloud of cig smoke in my face from the person in front of me is just how i love starting the day
 @katyshudson @theellenshow @portiaderossi stupid ass william hearst supposed to use fucking hemp bitch not cotton. 
 its 639 am why i smell weed already i know its legal but damn man start the day first 
 professor is reading a problem about cigarettes.   how many of you smoke silence  classmate well  smoke what  me screams internally
 to this straight up smoke show that taught me everything i know  has one of the kindest hearts 
 niggas on snap rolling up weed but aint brush they teeth yet .... come on now
 im bouta get right back on my crazy obsessive workaholic shit... ill save more money and smoke less lol
 i literally get so jealous watching bong appetit this man just put a pound of marijuana into a tub of water imagine being that happy
 beyond excited to see how well this cannabis treatment works on me. cbd endometriosis
 come smoke a cigarette and let your hair down  then pray for the rain to go away
 confused why posting snaps all day everyday of you smoking weed and doing absolutely nothing with your life is even a thing
 i smoke wheat everyday  420 grain it
 yeah not like every msu player smokes weed at the pointe or anything 
 one thing about me   idgaf   my real mama know i smoke weed she all the approval i need 
 kaleigh i love how youve smoked weed with everybody else but me. mom youve smoked weed sorry mom 
 lemme get up amp workout so i can smoke lol
 i aint a smoker but i literally sat down for 30 minutes trying to figure out how cigarettes are legal  and weed is a struggle to be legal.
 smoke weed everyday 
 i do not sympathize with none of my co workers when they talk about needing smoke breaks. you chose to smoke thats not my problem.
 today is the last day i smoke weed all day every day. im taking a 6 month sabbatical and see where it goes from there.
 thats 56 grams of weed bruh 
 stupid thots with weed.
 would you smoke crack for 10 million  
 did smokey really get outta rehab
 one of the attorneys said someone mustve had a baggie on them cuz the mens bathroom smells like weed. guess who now wants to go in there.
 would you smoke crack for 10 million. me 
 wed. featured panino scamorza toast   smoked mozzarella cheese and pancetta  cooked italian bacon on artisan br 
 maybe i shouldnt go out in public with joggers  weed shirt  and juicy shoes. people have staring problems and i have a resting bitch face..
  everytime i smoke  u sno  it sno  
 tropical gars are trash how do ppl smoke them
 had weed brownies for the first time on tuesday. 
 i swear  every single nypd officer is a smoke show
 i really have no problem smoking weed with you on my day off  but im never spending my money buying it.
 bruh ... what the hell did he take   do   or smoke  
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 5 minutes into the dave chappelle show and i need some rapper weed in my life
 how does this chick on my snapchat have a blunt in her mouth in every single snap. she snaps all day too  how u have enough weed for that
 we get it u smoke cigs u dont gotta let us know in every snap story
 my ex so can you sell me free weed  mehangs up trap jersey in rafters
 he smoked this freestyle  
 i smoke  i drink  im supposed to stop  i cant becaaaause
 thru out the day to the neck i smoke at least 45 blunts
 i literally just smoked one hit and im high holy shit.
 why cant weed be legal everywhere
 so my homeboy smokeweed. takes fake piss to work everyday. the one day they decide to drug test him  he was so high he forgot his fake piss
 @celusk05 and the ones who smoke outta water bottle bongs
 literally smoked a blunt n brushed my cats for an hour
 im actually parked velllyy close to the smokers bench too cause when i got back from lunch there was a spiot right up front fo mama
 betty boop glass on sale for  20 @ aampa smokers outlet 
 yal dating bitches who get their weed for free lmfaoo bless up
 @justinjm1 @wilsonvaldez desperate smokescreen its still all about trumprussia
 if we arrested every single kid that was caught with weed  there would be no one left on campus 
 bouta smoke this dope tho 
 now that ive got your attention.  fuck with me lol ill get your cannabis event popping 
 people are seriously trying to use the death of a student in watertown to push the legalization of marijuana. what the fuck
 bitch i will inject heroin and smoke meth for 10 million tf 
 squaddy mi nah stop bun mi ganja so come out on di handcuff demmmm 
 need to tell heb employees not to smoke around customers at @heb in west lake hills  tx 
 make sure your story is right if you get pulled over. like let me know if you tell the cop theres weed so im not lying to his face 
 littleknown syrup that eliminates cough in only one day  especially in smokers   health 
 yall need to stop smoking weed in berry im tired of these fire alarms going off please and thank you
 sorry mama imma smoker and a drinker
 shitttt ill smoke the whole pipe for 5 million wym 
 duck being basic. i smoke every minute but 420
 my neighbor is literally a rich 60 year old lady who smokes weed all day and tries to fuck my electrician.
 isnt marijuana legal there  
 why are stoners so fucking unreliable if i stop smoking weed will i become reliable qtna
 first thing i had to do was cop a zip texas weed is trash
 @tylerrrb hell yeah lol he sampled building a ladder in free smokes
 searching the house for a lighter and i found a full pack of smokes instead  helpful but i still need a lighter 
 this woman at my job just said she smoke 8 black and milds a day tf 
 @xogeorgieporgie probably. but every time they smoke without permission  im raising the age limit lol
 hops and grain start quickly topped my smokey malt  and finish... smoked imperial pilsner  photo
 what better time to talk about the ever controversial cannabis than april join us in conversation about cannabis 
 pms  smoke sumn.
 i literally dont remember where i put my weed when i was hammered...... 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 i cant smoke no mid il rather face my own blunt call it what you want but you cant say i smoked that shyt with you
 @rileyannoconnor @lollapalooza roll one smoke one 
 probs going to buy mad weed tmrw bc why not
 @danalarsen @jodieemery i think youve been watching reefercaffeine madness  one too many times. grabbingatstraws. ohffs
 @woodyharrelson kudos for quitting weed. a high person inhabits a bubble with their chemical. loved ones cant really touch you. be here.
 i lost my weed and have work in an hour fucking sos
 im at jds smokehouse in bel air  md 
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked yeah  you think i need you   but i dont
 i stg every time i smoke with jeff he steal my lighter
 wine black and milds are actually so gross why did i just smoke one on my break 
 @kameronbennett natural for me since i was a kid. try to not smoke weed bc whenever i stop for a few days thats when they come back
 i need weed im goin crazy
 sorry but sending me 18274 snaps of weed isnt gonna get me to snap you back
 i smoke at the end of every bad day  but when everyday is bad...
 my coworker and i just snap eachother every time we smoke
 this delivery service just took two hours to deliver my weed last time i order from them..
 legal or illegal  there is plenty of weed to go around  @yahoofinance @rickjnewman 
 i love weed in general lol 
 saturday will make 30 days without weed or alcohol. its crazy that ive smoked every single day since my first day of college lol
 i went through a period of not smoking for the longest time and now i smoke all the time
 jae celebrating at the magnolia wellness medical marijuana farmers market. mark your calendar  we will be rocking i 
 front gate this am... between crazy weather fronts and heavy smoke  work looks creepy 
 i would try to stop smoking weed then i remember that weed is all natural 
 maaann...lol...if only they chose weed instead 
 i hate how the radio overplays drakes music  i legit heard free smoke about 3 times already
 i guess its time to rewatch weeds
 off work time to smoke one 
 do you smoke  yeah  you tryna ball up  yeah but i only have century...  me  
 i havent smoked a wood all day and now im slightly in my feelings this has to stop im about roll up lol
 the weed just brought me back to life one time for the weed 
 yeoooo i went super fucking hard every 420 and this one .. i dead dont even think im gonna smoke when the time comes 
 j cole makes music for nighas who wear sandals and smoke black and milds
 ...projected il could generate 349699m per year on marijuana if prohibition were lifted and the drug were allow 
 if im rolling my weed  dont put me in your snap 
 i swear every time my wisdom tooth start aching that means i needa smoke. sounds crazy but fr.
 yeah  i smoke  yeah  i had a drink  now im both
 slavery is a weed that grows on every soil.  edmund burke 
 i pray you smoke with me
 r u still gon b here when the smoke clears 
 when your co workers distract u from the fact that they smoked all of the weed buy buying you chicken fingers..
 i listen unless ive been mixing  i smoke when i drink its tradition
 why is it more acceptable for a frat boysorostitute to go out amp drink to oblivion every night but not for someone  to smokes every day
 why is it more acceptable for a frat boysorostitute to go out amp drink to oblivion every night but not for someone to smoke every day
 fuck it.... madiba riddim remix soon come. free smoke remix too.
 bruh yall know my jobs ratchet because i had to break up a fight between employee and customer  then got smoked out by a customer 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 i want to smoke with every1 so bad but i cant at the moment 
 how many rips from your bong do u take each night 5 inhales of the marijuana per night  mom
 yall put free smoke on here but not controlla   madiba riddim   or passionfruit boi 
 @lcruzofficial smoke a blunt and take a bubble bath. breeeathe babe 
 i couldnt get my legal weed bcus you need a fucking california id 
 naw but seriously... i think there might be something too it. im going to have a new kind of relationship wit my weed now 
 just burped a bubble of smoke 
 got weed no gars 
 mfs smoke themselves to the point of stupid sometimes...chill..reflect
 you cant just steal weed from the company nate
 whenever i run out of weed i just think of all the blunts i took for granted
 wasnt tryna smoke tn buuut thts the only way ill gts so  it is 
 my life goal as a young smoker is to to one day be able to smoke a whole cigarette in one drag
 me to weed after i randomly wake up at 4am confused af you got me again heh 
 time to smoke
 i would smoke a blunt but no gars 
 im at that point its time to smoke a joint
 think i got problems say that im crazy love marijuana smoke on the daily
 i smoke soo much now that its like the days just go now...
 yeah i had a dream   yeah i smoke   yeah you think i need you but i dont     mood  
 god is weeding the fake ppl out of my life still... did i lose you @ main event entertainment 
 if you think i got time to smoke an sit in a nigga face you got me bent pop in 2k or sumn
 dorian williams was sentenced to 100 months in prison on conspiracy to distribute marijuana through the u.s. mail i 
 my professor told us theres no good in smoking  if he was referring to weed  son listen  i admire rihanna too much to care what you said.
 i wish i could see more people talk about music  art  and nature instead of weed  alcohol  and relationship troubles .
 @tomaresco yeah definitely ill have to check them out then. yeah free smoke bangs in the whip.
 i swear to god everyone in the sault smokes fucking meth. yall are nasty as fuuuuck  enjoy having no teeth
 ion smoke but every time i be with you i be faded ..
 i will smoke an entire blunt in my seat belt and get so mad at myself after the fact
 gt is  this a good spot to smoke  hell yeah. and they pull out a joint fatter then ours.
 if you got 15 minutes for a smoke break  try having @cameronsbrewing 
 @rmiriam @andrewberkshire must have seen that huge plume of smoke a couple dozen times that day at least.
 shorty dont smoke but he said he will for me
 the radio about to playing free smoke 30 times a day
 would you give up weed or alcohol to save your relationship if your so says its the cause of your problems
 i just had my morning smoke sesh  and now its time to do my makeup  i love my days off
 my monthly maintenance is literally like... buy weed  get nails done  necessities. thats it.
 the main annoying part of this drive is that the other 3 im in the car with are all smokers so the amount of times we stop is ridiculous
 me and my brutha bouta smoke a backwood or two..fuck all that
 . @caseystern theres smoke coming out of my radio
 when tf did our smoke session at work become a therapy session with beer and throwback music
 we bouta see if weed really the cure to everything
 its crazy that weeds still not legal and alcohol is but im not complaining about alc being legal  
 for some weed shorty smh 
 shoutout to the people that think its fine to get hammered drunk all the time  but talk shit on weed. yall are dumb.
 im still confused how someone can smoke 60 cigarettes everyday.
 speaking of blunts  why isnt weed legal everywhere. 
 @mattgelb @toddzolecki lol  id pay fourfigures for video of todd getting smoked in the face with a hot dog.
 one time at work i was laughing really hard at something my manager said and he told me to stop smoking so much weed
 @annielowrey   how many holes can one man golf before he smokes a camel  how many merlots can one man drink before he lights up again
 i dont tumble  im just a regular weed
 free smoke my fav song at the moment 
 passionfruit and free smoke are the next radio singles trust.
 i was offered weed and cocaine at least five times a day in miami.
 love when no ones home cause i can just sit right on the front porch and smoke a blunt
 who tryna smoke and get food or sumn
 i think this weed has my in the right mindset for a nice shoulder day
 just got told i should go to rehab for marijuana use .............. what
 i stay away from hard drugs  so whenever im going through something and the weed aint doing it for me  i result to major changes.
 time to smoke 
 my folks got me weed eating and cutting the grass... bruh all kinds of wasp and bees flying.. im running and duckin shit every 2 seconds 
 the problem with going to a barbecue joint for lunch  you smell like a smokehouse the rest of the day 
 taught myself how to drive a stick shift today cause i was desperate for weed and my tires popped
 ik its hard to believe but there is a decent chance of every cent i make today going to my weed fund
 we broke him out the hospital to smoke oh my god im going to jail 
 time to smoke about it
 man i was looking at my snaps from last week i really would po up a 4 each day take half a pill and smoke like 8 blunts to da face 
 me i smoke everyday mom mom everyday am i going to have to send you to rehab    she was legit serious...
  man smoked like a chimney 
 @bombaybacon didnt one of your friends wanted to smoke but they had no weed so you didnt roll through lol
 time to smoke a blunt and put a face mask on.
 yo smoke ... drop this shit already  
 i want what he smokes. he prob vapes liquid depression
 i wish i lived somewhere where weed is legal 
 sean you got weed me yes  sean welllll we aboutta have 6 blunts in rotation im soo excited  on the way bye
 you know you go to humboldt state when it smells like weed in literally every single class
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked.  yeah you think i need you but i dont 
 every time i offer to smoke with someone it doesnt happen lol
 got to read a new play on sex trafficking in the marijuana industry thx @jennajwelch @reveal @cironline for making 
 would yall cop if this was cannabis infused 
 has held up well. light taste of smoke  prune and ... stone imperial russian stout 2014  photo
 @bennrhoodes smoked with no bruises or anything just headaches 
 this guy always sends me snaps of weed at 420pm. smh every single day  too.
 if i had a quarter for every time i saw an actual tumble weed in colorado id have like 5.
 i need a smoke buddy
 i almost punched dylan straight in the fucking face cuz i thought he just said ya shannon smokes too to mom
 @zanesavagexxx ill smoke you out lets link bruh
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 i shouldve never go white nails  i smoke to much 
 okay but seriously someone tell me where i can buy some weed
 i have a recipe pulled up on my computer and my sister seems really interested but she doesnt realize its for vegan weed brownies
 my tt said  its ight if i smoke my blunt i just.. i just gotta hit it one time  fucking crackhead
 quit blowing that vape smoke in my face i have a drug test tomorrow
 my health professor said by a show of hands how many of yall think marijuana is dangerous only one person raised their hand not me 
 i say this everyday but im done with weed
 she said i aint sniffing it i would smoke it i said you wouldnt shoot it bruh
 i havent did weed in a while and dont plan on it for at least a year it got to be too much i got paranoid and im a lot happier now tbh
 if i had a dollar for every time someone sent me a message with a weeding typo instead of wedding...
 @clubanother how often did u smoke i was like every hour daily for at least a year it was bad your body definitely craves it when u quit
 thats literally more than a ton of weed  on one boat. can you even imagine 
 trying to wake up after u smoked 5 blunts sucks lol i was sleeping like a new born
 i know my heart has gone cold because when i see the il recreational marijuana bill i can only think of how theyll screw it up
 a dude asked elizabeth  so you tryna get that pipe n she goes yeah lets smoke lmfao
 if campusparc tries to arrest me for smoking weed ill just drop out. checkmate
 @bristoltj @kiiiuhh thats why its funny bc she thinks id actually need to go for weed lol
 smh niggas really be out here vaping at least smoke that shit through ya nose bruh
 walked into whole foods for the first time and i think i was the only person in there not wearing something made out of hemp.
 omg my moms the same she said in need to go to rehab for weed  
 go  to the bar  off the weed  a few xans and just drink until someone tries to fight me
 about to smoke one then watch empire
 and marijuana needs to be absolutely legal. i have anxiety problems and it affects how i play sometimes.
 people that smoke weed are so annoying i swear 
 bouta smoke by myself 
 @senmccain cant be that stupid  can he  holy smokes   
 smoke weed its good for the soul
 @thekidfrankiie what about the weed that wants me to go to work i need that one too lol
 tweetsfrom10yearsago legal weed in colorado yeah right ill get there in my self driving car  idiot.
 @monstermike197 whole time it wasnt weed
 after a good workout or smoke sesh 
 would you smoke crack for 10 million dollars me 
 one time at beer barrel in lima  jackie made me pull weeds out front in the heat and i literally hated her lmao
 had an annoying stressful long day so im going to smoke weed  do this shisiedo eye mask and maybe eat idk. this whole week is stress.
 lets go smoke some dank thats what we say in arizona where in az lake havasu
 looking for a one who to smoke bongs and listen to bomb music with
 i smell weed  and i swear its not me lol
 if i was a millionaire  my whole front lawn would be made of weed.
 reason 8762728 that men are trash they lure you in with good dick amp then steal your lighter so you cant smoke a bowl when youre stressed.
 wouldnt put it past the government to have put something in that legal weed
 @kgthabest man im bout to smoke this to the face gn
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 each time i hear about a good person getting arrested for weed it makes me so sad.
 and every time i smoke you are what i think of
 my brother  i smoked weed one time before and got so fucked up i could make time travel possible
 why dont you roll up a joint of time and smoke it right up.  
 i swear i need to smokeright now
 well fuck then kick it smoke weed for a minute
 when you come home and you stereo and weed is missing 
 you bring it all on yourselfthen we smoke then we drinki tell her go think it over  but dont ever over think
 last time i talk to a fuckboy for 2 months  go outta my way to go see him  smoke him out amp let him touch my boobies again. wasted time 
 you smoke them out for the kisses  always askin for a shotgun.
 cant wait to smoke pot amp get drunk all the time again lol
 idk how ppl face i cant do that. too much weed for me amp i always end up getting paranoidoverthinking.
 and i wouldnt care if she at least said bae im bout to smoke this ill get you some more later but that never happened reason 17 she an ex
 good work. time to smoke.
 am i the only person that weed keeps up all night interesting in every fucking thing
 @gencyclopediax every time i smoked bud even if it was a paper my heart was dead ass popping out my chest that shit felt ohdee scary n crazy
 swear i just b smokein kuz im board 
 tolerance is so low  still smoke a whole gar
 every time i see tulips  i cant help but think of my weeding. its my favorite flower  and we 
 1912 smoke lake tt1912 @gallerydotca 
 @erikabadoit smoke 12 grams one for every hour
 maryland lawmakers  hogan admin reach deal to update ethics laws after morhaim medical marijuana ethics probe 
 what about fixing all the laws that have taken children from cannabis families 
 me amp my cousin was bouta blow that shit over spring break. he got the weed i got the gars
 doit4dizon 50 push ups everytime he smokes 
 still dont get how cigarettes are legal but weed isnt 
 he taught me how to roll weed amp load clips ..
 did the winter leave your lawn looking like this weed man can spring into action and save your 
 @respectmyelders i guess i can agree with this. i could swear that bales batman was a smoker. hurt my throat every time he spoke. lol.
 a follow up story into what happened to the massive amount of cannabis donated to goodwill would be 
 college is time to drink alcohol and do the weeds                     professor chen
 just goes to show  every time you outlaw one narcotic ppl will find a new way to get high. just make weed legal alr 
 free smoke on replay nawfr
 i tried to get a smoke in before julias recital  and when i say i chugged that bong... i chugged that bong.
 finna smoke this birthday blunt to the face
 pull up with a gar and we can smoke out 
 no one from hsbc went to jail for money laundering for a drug cartel  but a mom was sentenced to 10yrs for 30   worth of weed 
 @sandylo lol the last time i smoked was with you that time the incident happened. lol
 ill smoke 13 blunts and ill make one snap smoking  plus nobody cares to see a whole bunch of snaps of you smoking
 when you smoke before bed and wake up still high  thebest
 im done spending all my money on weed
 all the women i work with are talking about their kids or planning their wedding. im literally counting down the hours until i can smoke...
 whenever im loaded with weed  i have the urge to smoke it all in one session
 im the international lighter thief smoke so much i touch a lighter and by habit put it on my 
 bouta eat then smoke
 if you smoke like i smoke then youre high like every day
 when your in a drive thru line and the person in the car in front of you blows cigarette smoke in your face... not great.
 @queennnataliee dont smoke for 24 hours and u usually pass. otherwise ur probs fucced
 well those who are locked up for possession dont get out because weed is legal so 
 bruh idk what youre smoking but it definitely aint weed or tobacco 
 think i might have just smoked my last cig for good.... well see where im at in two hours tho lol
 dead too tired af just wanna get off wash clothes then smoke some
 we get it  you smoke blunts in your car everyday and post it on your story. congrations u done it
 why do we need this did i miss something are we running out of weed like seriously are we running out of weed 
 my response whenever my moms asks why i smoke weed so much 
 free smoke  ill fight bout mines  
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 jeremy plumb @plumblyne  the wizard of weed  shares compelling stats re. opioid and heroin addiction. 
 @kselick @jodieemery @cannafeed wrong selling illegal weed will still be illegal.  selling legal weed may become legal.
 my 16 year old brother i think legalizing marijuana is stupid   me 
 us every time we smoked  
 blanked statemtn i didnt ask for suggestions but thank u for suggestions once again to a weed idea i thought up think of ur own up next time
 in the middle of downtown minneapolis. where all the police be. i was doing coke trades. and running a weed drug cartel. wow. 
 am i the only one who gotta smoke before they see their bm  lol i just need a calm state of mind
 @chrislhayes @nihonmama smokes in one hand  rosary beads in the other
 i have a hard time imagining a person who applied for an fbi gig that also still smokes weed in the car. 
 smoking weed taken a walk. 
 stop wasting weed on ur nails that shit stupid u dont even smoke why u jacking smoking culture smh bitch go some s 
 i heard free smoke on the wiz today. so now i am preparing to hear this album a million times in the next 3 months.
 my co worker just smoked me out and now i have to play with 5 year olds. yay.
 the smell of black and milds is so strong and i used to smoke at least some shit a day... now that shit make me wanna throw up
 strange idea weed is illegal  tobacco legal  alcohol legal. when is the last time anyone died from smoking weed oh never hmm
 @maryrarick  i was just followed on ig by cannabis digest. lol. coolerthanithought
 which backfires bc now im bouta smoke a face and take a nap
 @stonekettle what i meant to say  is that its melting  and will soon go up in smoke.
 wish weed was legal so i could smoke that at work instead of cig breaks
 im going to continue to screenshot all of ashleys snap chats since she looks like a smoke show in every single one. ilovesingleashley
 i have hit a pheasant and now a tumble weed the size of my car. swkproblems
 3in1 shampoo  conditioner  body wash with fresh hemp and omega3  mancrafted clt bodycare haircare organic
 confused as to why boone is so smokey
 3in1 shampoo  conditioner  body wash with fresh hemp and omega3  mancrafted organic clt bodycare haircare
 hello from ur fav weed heads 
 @cletribegirl that didnt occur to me  but then i dont smoke. so yeah.
 a mom leaves her kids in a running car at a gas station to get smokes  car gets stolen perp calls 911 to report. why isnt mom ticketed
 i smoke all day everyday. ion got no stamina . but with shaq in his prime . ill win at least 3 rings right now 
 i thanks god weed is cheap in cali lol. i literally cop a o every 3 or 4 days.
 so since weed legal i can smoke outside now without the police saying sumn or naw lol
 i have all this weed and no time to smoke it 
 if my nana smoked weed shit would b bout thru
 youre never going to believe what we just got on our shelves. colorado cannabis bison jerky grab some from our 
 requested on here im bouta smoke up  
 i got a part time job  i smoke amp fuck and i been workin over time  
 i smoke one 
 im done inviting karina to smoke . im officially unfriending her too   so who wants to be my new smoke buddy 
 i think helen was high on a special strain of weed when she did this.  
 back in the ville though  who want the smoke 
 i want you to think it was a mistake every time you smoke with me
 doing county time in utah starting monday for marijuana possesion on 170... 7 months ago.....12 miles from legal state line  timeflies
 i remember when the cop pulled up on me amp was on some it smells like weed lmaoooooo do you see weed  no alright imma go then 
 repost chachavavoom  i love weed  tag your favorite smoking buddy thursdaymotivation 
 i think smoke videos something we gonna cringe on a few years from now.
 bruh this weed is purple
 when babysitting niece  she insisted on watching her tape of wizard of oz everyday. in turn  i insisted on smoking weed everyday. tcmparty
 ok we get it you smoke but this is seriously me i have done this 
 when you have bomb weed  dont go on a nature trail. ive done this trail so many times and managed to get lost. 8 minute walk to my car. 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 when he only smokes on the weekends but you smoke everyday lt
 im tired of getting these msgs  what makes yall think i smoke  
 i also used to smoke weed literally every day and i mostly smoke on weekends if i do now. all things in good measure. for me at least 
 is that a felony amount of weed i need a ruling so i can check it off my bingo card.  livepd
 bitch weed legal what the fuck i gotta pee fo
 taking all negativity out of my life  dont have time to be a weed
 taking all negativity out of my life  dont have time to be a weed or be around them
 free southside smoke 
 nothing is more annoying then ppl snap chatting their weed and little stacks of dollar bills
 i dont want to keep turning to this weed which only helps for a couple of hours or so.  i need a new outlet asap
 if hed rather drink alcohol than smoke  hes not the one for me
 lovehate relationship w sticky ass weed
 i need a smoke buddy
 i think ill watch weeds again but i cant deal with nancy  she was so fuckin annoying
 everyday im growing like weeds amp you just couldnt keep up
 i need a weed slave.... someone to roll my bluntsjoints and goes and buys me lighters and weed and wraps whenever i need 
 liquid marijuana time o boy @ the village pub in bradley  il 
 yes  i know resin on my toof from the fat marijuana joint i just schmokedso...  yeah 
 that stuff thats supposed to make cig smoke go away is burning my nose.
 @maxbeckaaa the chain smokers1111111
 lmao chucho just said  ok so we just gnna smoke these 6 blunts and go home 
 lmao chucho just said  ok so we just gnna smoke these 6 blunts and go home 
 @tillamookcheese do you know if anyplace in utah sells your smoked cheddar i tried it on a visit to portland and would love to get some.
 someone buy my food after work ill smokedab u out 
   wuss good lil mama. hmu ill smoke you out. 
 shit was pose to drop in feb but had to weed out some weenies on the team sorry for the wait  
 wikihow how do i know if the weed is kicking in or ive always been this stupid
 i hate running out of smoke
 it smells like a hot box in here. at least two cops here. i asked if they were gonna enforce weed laws. one said yeah. nothing so far tho
 @simbris legal cannabis reduces opioid overdeath by 25. thats over 300 souls in ny alone. nyconconyesnov7 
 running the streets all  day and be w her daughter for ten minutes then borrow someones car too go smoke 
 oh in maryland driverless cars and marijuana will both be legal in 5 years. not in sf right now  but i am.
 jae crowder got smoked and has the audacity to talk shit lmaoooo
 fat smoke sesh on hilltop  kickbackchill
 you alright dude yeah i just smoked too many cheyennes
 bitchs get a lul weed in em amp think dey can drag me
 i realize im an on time person  but what makes me late is the smoke session after im done getting ready to go anywhere
 i really need to by myself a fucking bong im tired of not having nothin to smoke out if 
 everything smells like weed in 5 points amp i dont kno whether to be happy or scared bc theres so many cops.......its b
 i want to go to a cannabis festival
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 everywhere in 5 points smells like weed... idk whether to be happy or scared bc there r so many cops
 ..fucking starving and ready to smoke 
 yeah i drink  yeah i smoke. you think i need you but i dont.
 yes. they also got smoked in the sweet sixteen. again. which happens every single time steve alford gets there. 
 i want to smoke out of a dope ass bong and just go to slee
 time to smoke and knock tf out.
 i smoke zero of the reefers  but i just laughed out loud at this for five minutes. reefermadness 
 tryna smoke until i cant feel my face.
 teenage fever since way back do not disturb glow free smoke
 what do butterflies really mean bc i get them every weed transaction i make...
 here are the prohibitionists whove donated 10 000 or more to keep marijuana a felony in arizona 
 @bobw6206 im confused. you went with kids or you didnt go with kids. easily confused. i live in washington. just smoked a bowl.
 me running home to smoke myself into oblivion 
 this happened one time i smoked with zach  
 if i smoke ima get tired. 
 idk what lasts longer my relationships or my weed
 she get dick  weed  and ignored
 woke up this morning before sun up  took a shower  smoked a bowl  and i feel like a million dollars on my way to part time for fuck it money
 making beats on a small ass touch screen tablet is soo calming that and  the calming hookah lights and the legal weed makes this future bool
 @chicofor @impeachtrump8 yeah lets see how that plays out i have a feeling this is smoke and mirrors by the left so americans dont see
 this niggas said strollers gun smoke and ventra cards . mfs hitting every bus 
 people who shame moms for breastfeeding in public are likely the same ones who smoke 5 feet from entrances. mothersmilk breastfeedinpublic
 i need new buddies too smoke with
 she just...bruh my weed 
 how many blunts do you think i smoke a day 
 i roll up my own smoke. @youngdolph
 what do you do with marijuana in a state where its illegal   you cant burn it.  kate mckee simmons  westword mag.   humor spj journ
 if you have a great healthcare plan  now was the time. youre just blowing smoke and america isnt buying it. stop 
 a smoke stupid lmaoooo
 goin thru the motions  no one there to guide you go ahead light the weed  play some shit that you can ride to
 anyone down to smoke one and i buy food also lmk 
 how many grammas out there smoke weed 
 everytime i come home late and im tired my mom believes ive smoked weed..
 its really crazy that weed is big business and niggas are still in jail for weed....
 im still such a lightweight. i use to smoke soooooo fat. i can barely hit a blunt a few times with out dying 
 also long live chingon sqau  only sqau that talks business  mogul moves  and success in everyday talk  we aint on that bruh tryna smoke bs
 weedeater is playing tomorrow and i am going to smoke a q to the face.
 after spending over a billionaire dollars  the koch brothers plans to murder millions goes up in smoke. say hi to adolph losers.
 at least weed is there for me
 is that 1 worth unfollowing when youve gotten such joy out of the rest ...i mean one weed bra can really ruin my day.
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 smoke weed everyday
 im about to smoke weed for the first time ama 
 my phone has weed residue on it at least 85 of the day 
 mannn smoke some amp then tell me yall wanna enforce these laws 
 @nickiminaj that smokey eye with the mask is fucking it. fuck it uppppppppp
 i can still remember how the weed smelt when you were ridin shotgun  no seat belt
 2 outs rbi single for florida up 20 now. great i cant handle losing to the gators. time to smoke a cigar
 i think weed have a good time
 i dont see how these pro athletes jeopardize their chance at millions to smoke weed.
 i just wanna smoke and get to know the deepest part of your soul
 @cedricsocold @jazzlynrandi i got the whip smoke this b and lets get it
 you cant put smoke back in a cigarette  and you cant fix a broken relationship
 dog lets smoke to bobby womack i swear this shit bang so hard
 @realdonaldtrump why cant marijuana become legal  tax it use money towards health care
 @pinkydink @sadeshalom  i needa b at least a month sober before i get drug tested bc i smoke too much 
 if you ever smoked with joe in high school i guarantee you that that missing lighter you had  he stole it 
 too many part time weedman in louisville 
 i always just smoke as many cigarettes as i can on break at work and listen to twiddle
 i recommend smoking at least three marijuanas before watching this 
 its time to start brainstorming a revolutionary way to smoke weed.
 bouta smoke a fat backwood lol
 i smoke a very unhealthy amount of blunts... i think its time to switch to papers 
 and that is time to quit wen the weed man tells you to do some shit lol funny timez  @vice @complex  quit 
 i swear music and weed fixes fucken anything
 think im gonna go smoke on the porch and read either leaves of grass or the @cwpress fight stories book.
 every single male danish student we are hosting at the college smokes....i mean  if they get cancer the treatment is free at least.
 @jennnunya @dnwinston @sardarae @tbursoni  i smoked and ingested a lot of stupid things during my hippie days  but never smoked a 
 lol i hid weed and now its not there 
 im actually meeting up with mom to but yeah just let me know and well smoke or something love you chula 
 you know you dont smoke when you take one hit and cry 4 times in 10 minutes bc something is too funny... lmao
 he dont smoke but everytime he wit me he be faded 
 grabbed dutches kid behind counter hit me with a time to go smoke drugs .... niceeeeee
 everytime camerons somewhere  a smoke detector goes off..
 @surlysemantics @mernahuana yeah but thats bullshit. i can kill myself with legal alcohol but go to jail for weed  that does infringe.
 legal cannabis bruh
 having parents that smoke weed is so fucking annoying because thats literally all they care about and all their money goes to
 amen keep them pills 4yourself. to every body trying to push pills. let people who no what cannabis can do have it 
 someone who knows about selling weed dm i gots a question
 @chiquis626 you should try a cannabis bath bomb. the bubbles glow gold that will relax you so much loveyoursnapchat
 i smoke a blunt after every meal. idk why its just natural to me.
 i smoked out my co worker on break she said you my bitch for life now  lmao.
 succulent whole smoked chicken with moroccan spices @ lake mohawk  new jersey 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 i pick up lil mama and put some weed in her
 move to connecticut where the weed is legal 
 just bcs i smoked with you yesterday dosent mean i smoking with you today...stop staring amp fake talking to me. your blowing me 
 i cant even smoke my gar in peace
 what stupid idiots eating the marijuana. just flippin be honest with the officers and nine times out of ten the work with you livepd
 every time there is a stop pertaining to marijuana all i can think of is last weeks episode of its marijuana dumbass livepd
 just know ill smoke the whole world about you  
 every time i smoke make sure i hit jamals first
 @iamspilly based on your previous 2 tweets  this poll  and you live in co  im just going to go ahead and assume youre doing the weed.
 who got some weed bruh
 time slow when the weed drag
 i think when i smoke the rest of this weed i got im done. i gotta take a break frfr.
 hmu if ud test negative for marijuana. i might need ur pee
 fuucckkkk smokers memory the worst 
 i think imma bring weed to set and just be high the whole night
 i can still remember how the weed smelt when you were riding shotgun  no seatbelt.
 kinda amazing how much music amp weed can change your entire mindset
 my dad  the libertarian  will tell you that hes for legal marijuana because hes never heard of two guys so stoned they got in a fist fight
 checc this be icy asl ... @joobathemenace smoke one before you perform  
 i smoke so much cuz i cant help but think about all da flawed unloyal shit dat goes on a day 2 day basis... i wish i could not care
 alien amp 911 bc i smoke too much and watch too much x files and documents 
 every time i smoke w devonte i be regretting that shit  mfs be brain dead
 stick your sean miller takes up your pipe and smoke them 
 uk a mf thirsty when they walk 2 hours to get some weed 
 every time i go up to the bar i think  wow  someone smells like weed. then i realize its the joint stashed in my wallet.
 ill rather smoke weed then get drunk any day cant handle them hangovers man that be too much lol quotestoliveby ep pinned @sickpromo
 @fidelrapstro not sure. im off but im tired. was down to smoke and kick it for a few thats all
 unreliable ass weed dealers
 all im reyna do is smoke on dope while blowing millions
 let them smoke cancer sticks ill hit this bong lol cancerfree thc thcmeds cbd they 
 we have more serious problems than a year wall trump needs to incorporate cannabis into his health plan 
 seriously have the worst smokers cough
 roll one  smoke one.
 if you live in a state where marijuana is legal amp youre in the nfl  does that mean you still can get fined for using it during the season
 once i smoke i will be at least
 lil uzi vert makes me want to smoke chewing tobacco
 bro this one nigga i went to school wit dont do anything now but snapchat  smoke bud n listen to a boogie all day every day literally
 well........................time to smoke again
 went to go smoke and realize its pouring 
 i think i loose a year off my life every time i go to coyote jacks. cant hear  cant see  and loose half a lung from all the smoke.
 just want to smoke a b and go to sleep. worked 12 hours today
 bouta smoke this dumbass blunt
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 im such a lame ass  i literally sit at home amp smoke by myself every weekend lol.
 time to smoke soon
 anyone know what happened at the smoke shop by walmart on lake pleasant
 im literally so blunt that you could smoke it 
 im so happy i dont live in a fuckboy state like arizona livepd you have the size of your thumb in weed jail you go 
 my mama just said this weed gone be too strong for me.. bro if she dont get out my face.
 phone call was clutch bouta smoke a fat ass blunt
 never been to a more confusing club  you have to go outside to smoke she come back through the entrance
 do you guys ever smoke a bowl and think about how many times youve orbited the sun
 lmfaooooo aye on god i gotta chill on the weed i swear i literally almost got hit by a train 
 so thats flirting shawty not eve like that on my brother grave every time i text her its for some weed or lean tf 
 literally woke up joey to smoke cuz i was bored.
 god damn it every time we drink and smoke we listen to my chemical romance and freak out over it
 i swear i smoke too much  
 i swear i smoke too much  
 they sell weed at walgreens on the strip
 every time i smoke hookah  i get extremely light headed.
 killthebill  if it didnt imagine my mom and her squad  posted in front of his house in wheelchairs with their  medical marijuana pissed.
 if you going to smoke wit niggas at 330 in the morning..... you single....
 yeah im both...yeah i had a drink  yeah i smokedddd 
 i literally smoke in bed and watch friends every single night before i fall asleep. 
 bruh i just sat here and like smoked 5 joints and i didnt roll them good either so they didnt smoke good just cause i got a lot of weed
 why df am i awake i might just go smoke.
 my friend nick is addicted to marijuana and alcohol  he literally started tearing up when they didnt pass him the blunt smh
 drank one  smoked one  will pop one for you buddy.
 i think the mix of alcohol and weed fucked with my system today
 @nymphetam1n3 smoke sum then knock out
 if humans put hemp seeds in their coffee or tea every morning we would all live to age 100. doesnt get you high either  but its illegal
 as a fellow golf addict  we hate going in the weeds and we brag about our game. lie about our results. blame golf. 
 yeah im killing myself everytime that i smoke but i draw the line when i am eatin
 day one with the family and no marijuana everyone is annoying
 i always have to brush my teeth before i smoke...
 you smoke weed like its legal 
 time to smoke 
 @mitchellvii @jovanclordim health ins rates are based on age  zip code amp if you smoke. no explanation on why its cheaper
 nick wont wake up should i blow smoke in his face
 thats why usually the first time i hang out with someone  we smoke and go to the movies lol only bc its the only 
 maybe canada again  or somewhere weed is legal 
 mouth wash after you eatdrink amp smoke. every single time okay 
 i swear i know javannah just texted me to buy her some weed   i hit her with the 5 lmao its cool if she dont tho 
 made breakfast  smoked a joint  amp put on a face mask im in such a good mood
 @southsidejqbred lol yeah ik ..i dont like being judged based on my recreational habits...ppl seem to think smoker stupidlazy etc
 @naetella thank you bb. lets smoke one one night when i get off.
 and now theyre gonna have liquid marijuana for dogs whygrandmasmad
 he weeded out his addiction by going to rehab 
 work and smoke. swear thats my life  
 @steadycraig @randballsstu didnt that one say something about smoking marijuana if you played it backwards
 some people are lighter than vapor  stop worrying yourself over a puff of smoke 
 lol i think i just rather sit in the car amp smoke 
 uhhh neither but ig smoke 
 reason 7351738 why weed should be legal. its about time politics caught up with science. this 20 year gap does mo 
 i rather weed over alcohol any day. .
 if youre going to smoke at least inhale that shit
 community blueprint and thug boy. last generation to smoke a cigarette legally. ill put a whole country in jail li 
 @ashwildcats22 we can be cute and get lunch and smoke cigs having majorrrr withdraws from u and jess 
 if you havent smoked a barewood....youre seriously missing out
 i drove from miami to dallas. im going to smoke with sworn in  i fucking swear.
 some guy at my work wanted coffee and i said are you using that as your pre workout and he said no i just smoke weed for that ok
 out here slaving im too pretty to be out here snatching weeds man. this an ugly persons 
 legal weed in 2018 
 i think i drink more than i smoke now
 when drink alcohol and not notice how strong it is  thats when you officially become a alcoholic. same goes for weed.
 whenever someone talks about girl scout cookies i can never tell if they are referring to weed or actual cookies
 tryna smoke a blunt and cop some juicy berry 
 im sure weed will be legal in all 50 states by the time i leave for tour sutherlin
 niggas be spending they last on weed  ...
 im caughing so much now  i cant take any more smoke  please get this investigation over with and these crooks ou 
 big fire in the downtown merchant district. defensive operation now  smokefire from one end to the other of the bu 
 if a girl has hippie in her bio  it means owns a tyedye shirt and smoked weed once
 nah fam they perfect to put all ya shit in when you go out. chargers  weed  lighters  
 someone plz help i dont know how to smoke weed withiot a lighter
 that one time i flushed the weed.....lol 
 lmao smoke breaks gon be sumn serious @ work when weed become fully legal.
 bouta smoke some stress away 
 i frfr smoke soo much loud.  i cant ever c
 @mrswhich128 ask them how many cloves do they smoke  is their favorite pavement album ok computer
 on my playlist   weed should be legal everywhere nostringsattached  podmosphere podecho stonerfam 
 my new @ is inspired by my 2 fav drugs  heroin and marijuana  because theyre basically the same
 if u gon just throw 5 every time u smoke then just dont smoke   atleast not with me
 what do we bring to an italian themed potluck fundraiser smoked pork and hatch chili arancini 
 i aint saying alcohol should be illegal but how is it legal when weed isnt you have more control of your body o 
 allergies have me fucked up here. my eyes make me look like i smoked the fattest joint of all time
 can we smoke first comes out of my mouth at least 15 times a day
 stop your grinnin and drop your linen tonight with weedeaterofficial live at @grampswynwood 
 yolo his parents know i smoke pot  they know petes brother smokes ... well he actually ingests and gets high for 20 hours lmao
 bruh my weed
 do you think i care if no one is going to wife me up bc i smoke weed like every other day  hell no girl im trying to enjoy my life
 slavery is a weed that grows on every soil.  edmund burke 
 should marijuana be legal
 the problem is that the enablingexcuse making adults used to be the minority  and their kids were weeded out. now  
 how do i get my roommates loud annoying weed smoking bf out of my fucking apt 
 idk how many times i have to tell everyone. when it comes to weed  the government is corrupt. 
 i feel so betrayed when my bf smokes wo me
 literally just to get food amp smoke. .. and talk shit to each other all day.
 i have time to do my makeup but id rather smoke a bowl ill do my makeup on my 30
 beer pong  weed  and friends
 our new attorney general said marijuana is slightly less awful than heroin. the latter killed 13k in 2015  the former killed 0.
 just used our new @traegergrills smoker for the first time. went with a whole chicken to start. pretty much as awesome as you would think.
 uzi say i do not smoke with no white hoes bc they lace shit hahahahah lmao like what
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 so if we both smoking weed why am i the only one who isnt decent enough 
 in this big ass uber high as fuck thinking about how high about to get when i get to this weed festival 
 @fxckumean @everythingg1k i knew was too turnt last night cuz when they was smoking in the morning i didnt even wanna smoke bruh
 ...someone who knows robby mook  congressman...please tell me what he smokes...and is he pelosi son
 ive got the most perfect spot to stare at the stars listen to music amp smoke a b
 every time i smoke a blunt i sneeze. is that suppose to be a sign or something
 bruh my weed 
 my blunts already smoke for an hour...hell my joints burn for almost an hour 
 aye bruh  who trynna take me to va 4 my first show and skip school  theres gone be bitches and weed 
 the world is going crazy think ill sit back  smoke a joint and watch the bitch burn silenceisgolden
 i put on this new peeling mask and it has a faint weed smell to it
 yo i honestly just learned how to roll joints after 14 years of smoking weed every day
  lol all you do is smoke on snap
  they smoked yo cousin right in front of you intothebadlands
 tired of smoking all this weed alone
 i know if i smoke im going to be dead to the world
 one day im going to wake up and know i made it because i have enough weed to smoke to last me the rest of my life 
 i wish nc would make weed legal so i can stop having carpal tunnel pains everyday all day.. and trust me ive tried other things.
 crazy how something like marijuana is legal in some states while others have people in jail for it
 youve done a podcast about ecigs and one about marijuana  its time for a bonus episode about marijuana vapes @sciencevs trypod
 @chelseylynng wow bro u r so kool  do u smoke w33d  wow bro r those piercings r34l u r so fckn edgy brah
 come see us at the ovation and let us buy you an order of shrimp stuffed smoked while sluppies 
 if all you do is sit around  smoke weed  with no job or legal money .... i dont ever think ill take you serious 
 swear ill smoke me a nigga
 one of my coworkers sells his best strain of weed for 200 an once... what am i still doing at taco bell
 everytime i smoke and i cough more than three times first hit i know i need to go get some water cause im finna be on my ass.
 no one to smoke with
 every time tori and i make something theres always smoke 
 every time tori and i make something theres always smoke 
 too many weed puns  i cant handle it 
 thats called the struggle when you have a pinch of weed left no more  gars or bongs but a fresh 8 pack of ball p 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 idk how many packs of woods i smoke a day  im not braggin im making a point. this shit a everyday thing  not some fake lifestyle
 my parents see me so fucked up they think im off opiates but naw im just smoking that killer weed
 just got off what work .. buuut no weed 
 every time im sleeping  everyone wanna blow up my phone to smoke likeeee tf 
 canada is legalizing marijuana in july 2018. time to start saving to get the fuck outta here. am i right
 alright its time for a rant before i smoke a fat one.
 @arithedj smoke sumn
 i smoke a fair amount of weed and i swear edibles get me zooted af off like two bites.. every time.
 why do u need weed when u have light therapy mask and iphone night shift
 .. did you drop the weed .... did you drop the weed ...... did you drop. the. weed. ......... myyyy nigga
 i need to stop smoking these gars  as much as i smoke  they cant be good for me...
 literally get tired of facing blunts need someone to smoke them with
 i think i might have a fuckin prolem crushin aderall n marijuana  cus i cant study for shit.  @rexxliferaj taught me.
 like literally been having days off like these to just drink amp smoke all night
 idk how many times i have to tell norma that i dont smoke for her to get it but yet she asks me to smoke every single time im with her
 but im dreaming again too...but i havnt quit smoking im just running out of weed  i was smoking that much weed bruh
 prince would still be alive if he had been on cannabis based remedies its time to end the lies about cannabis. sta 
 nigga swear he dont smoke but be looking blowed i know one thing i wont fall asleep around @lilduval  snorecontest
 how do you see cops responding to a fire and finding weed and think but those missing girls smh
 just heard on the news that weed will be legal in canada by june 1st  2018
 thats hella bs its no way one head can smoke all that  
 i wonder where the workers who reek of weed go to work in the am   statenislandexpressbus
 think im only going to smoke on thr weekends...
 if this is an example of the push to make weed legal black people are phucked. you dont know what the sellers  whi 
 see what we been trying to push cannabis for years no one would listen to us. 
 finally i  for one  cant wait to try marijuana for the first time.  
 i really spending my savings on weed and not selling it  stupid
 didnt help that i worked the night shift at a smoke shop either
 what is left to talk about if weed is finally going to be legal in canada come july 1st  2018 
 free smoke instrumental gt
 i swear when you stay in la everywhere weed prices is high 
 oh yeah lets smoke frfr 
 every cigarette you smoke takes 7 mins off your life.... think about it
 @gbellseattle marijuana possession uhoh. isnt that a felony punishable by death in our new admin
 i wanna move where theres legal weed and music festivals... 
 one time i tried to smoke an ibuprofen out of a light bulb
 tonight smoke session radio live on  also ig live .. fb still has me blocked for vids 
 i can only justify spending money on ubers and smokes why am i like this
 everytime you smoke with @chaunsimmons 
 @stephenasmith if military personnel and members along with law enforcement can go with out weed for a few thousand a year can go without
 i cant wait to go on hikes every single day and smoke a shit ton of weed along the way.
 time for the first weed smoke of the morning 
 i got smoke everyday
 last night i put on a face mask and smoked and fell asleep. woke up an hour later to go pee and looked in the mirror and shit
 @myfabolouslife freestyle on 600 breezy free smoke instrumental
 learned about marijuana abuse im my abnormal psych class today and i really had to play devils advocate like how does one abuse weed
 but yeah... nothing abnormal about smoking weed  you can smoke it in its natural form  dont need to process or add anything
 nothing but smoke every time i go to my brother house
 driving through oregon listening to weed advertisements on the radio amp wishing i already lived here
 i dont go on dates i smoke to the face
 she get dick  weed  and ignored. thats a dwi nigga 
 caffeine and cannabis will have your day feeling stupid good.....can you handle this
 nothing like the days where every single cigarette you smoke hurts your stomach
 i have to work with weed at least once in this lifetime. it is my calling
 lmfaooooo weed and noodles bruh im dead 
 i be driving around w weed and alcohol in my car like if i get pulled over my ass aint goin to jail lmao.
 jerseycitylawyer another federal legislative push to protect legal cannabis  @jdsupra 
 each passing day that goes by  the more disgusted i am with myself that i actually smoked cigarettes at one point
 so thats what we do now  smoke  drop of laundry and bounce 
 i swear to god if this kid in my class keeps bragging about smoking weed hes going to get punched in the throat. r u 5
 i once had someone who was drowning theirselves in alcohol at an event tell me to stop smoking weed. lol.
 im so confused  like yall dont see the smoke comin out my mouf at the end omn  
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked
 when your bosses keys smell like weed and it chokes you out. yeah that happened
 everyone has a white friend that takes weed way too seriously
 a preschooler in my fta came up to me and said do you know the song smoke weed everyday  holding back my laugh i said nope  never
 @caluhhh tell me where im spitting weed  i do ghost inhales b
 @joannaariasc ill smoke you up and we can talk about all our problems freetherapy bffgoals
 every time you smoke a cigarette mac demarco gets more powerful
 i honestly truly literally cant believe that weed is a schedule i most dangerous category drug while meth is schedule ii
 i hate when a bumb ass niggas who smoke cigarettes and sit outside all day try and talk to me. find a job or school or sum. tf out my face
 i can officially say i dnt smoke weed nomore 
 literally have taken two naps today. my body is smoked. off to da gym before work i goooooooo
 imagine being so pressed for attention that you post something everytime you drink or smoke 
 workout and smoke then hit the library who widdit
 nephew have you smoked weed me today nephew what  me what
 @jbrinkk @barackobama ..if a person faces death susanrice. i doubt it. hes probably smoking weed and golfing. b 
 her everytime i smoke i all i think about is sex idk why   me 
 why does this creep have so much spare time its golf tweetingt.v.inventing smoke screens @twitter @maddow 
 dave east stole tory lanez flow on his free smoke remix  disappointed
 if an undercover cop tries to sell you weed amp you rob him will you go to jail
 ya wcw smokes blacks and milds well talking hella shit about you
 the halibut i smoked this weekend its so good i hope and pray the sockeye run is good this year.so please pray with me pray with me.salish
 not mine. he dont smoke....tragic 
 im bout to smoke my last blunt in hopes that i will be blessed with more dopeage later lol
 nigga i smoke good everyday. i probably live the life that you wish you could everyday.
 @anthonychieffo @danvvhite lmfaooo u think ur the only one whos got money cause u sell weed just remember who put u on kid
 im crazy i get jealous...... im crazy and will hurt ya soul if u do me dirty.  and if i dnt have weed......beware 
 if marijuana is legal when i hold a federal office im going down and going them... 
 if marijuana isnt legal when i hold a federal office im going down and joining them... 
 this girl smokes bampms sober  for whaaat
 some of yall need realize weed isnt for everybody
 back seat smoking good weed 
 kush clock says its time to smoke. 
 i hate when in have nothing to smoke before a workout....  zonedout
 i drink and smoke time to time 
 @charlesornstein hating all the smokefire talk. its a prosecutor thing to say to bring unwarranted cases  probly 
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked. yeah you think i dont you but i dont ayyyye
 these part time ass weed mans be blowing it 
 youve never smoked crack if u think that . lol 
 i used to fien for weed now its just whenever i have time now
 son my mama is like 50 yrs old amp she still smokes so i know the dream of me being done with weed is just never gonna happen.
 super yikes this was bad rt @avilitsweat your mcm shames sex workers but he sells weed lmao. 
 every time you smoke a cigarette  you lose 10 minutes off your life  which are then given to keith richards
 i drink from time to time but i dont smoke
 @cpimpthagod i really thought it said the cops was selling the weed 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 aint weed legal in miami now
 veterans groups fight for marijuana access to curb opioid abuse.  states with medical marijuana programs are begin 
 veterans groups fight for marijuana access to curb opioid abuse.  states with medical marijuana programs are begin 
 can whoevers been smoking weed on our floor every other goddamn day for the entire school year please stop
 ive smoked 2 packs of cigarettes in the past 24 hours i hope i drop dead soon
 1912 smoke lake 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 who got a bong come smoke at my pad
 @spookychan yeah  thats how you know when the dj is going on a smokepee break. if both hell play the long versio 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 i might smoke everyday but i still go to school n work. i always handle my priorities
 who trying smoke and knock back this hennessy
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 my cousins gf got her ass done and she cant sit for 2 months everytime we smoke i know her ass just wanna sit down 
 time to smoke 
 omg you smoke weed id have never known  bruh  how the fuck do you think i stay happy constantly
 takes uber to buy weed
 bruh mans just gave me jungle weed
 i put the weed out many times as i want  its a facial
 tired still need to shower and smoke and sleep 
 i know youre a feminist you have to be rt @avilitsweat your mcm shames sex workers but he sells weed lmao.
 we gotta call these clowns the fuck out. every single time. we need to slash and burn the fucking weeds. noracists 
 motherfuckers are crazy for popping pills you better stick with weed
 literally the minute i go outside to smoke it starts to pour. what the fuck.
 cant even watch this game because every possession theres a whistle holy smokes let them play
 the weed sellers out here never wanna deliver that shit fucking annoying
 the weed man never on time
 every time i smoke in the car i ash on myself 
 id rather be with someone who smokes weed every night than someone who gets shit faced almost every night
 @braeden1johnson reminds of that one night  u said marijuana solves everything 
 this yo first time smokin nah i smoke all the time lol 
 ya its time to smoke
 youve hit a low when you actually smoke a game...
 2530 mins is an hour or 2 in weedmen time 
 i love to see people who talk down on smoking and people who do it fail..the ones who smoke do good itsva big slap in they face 
 bouta smoke again damn
 so like my aunt dead ass brought me weed and a beer earlier 
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing @ wildwood dr  
 i can entertain the hate but i rather smoke a blunt to the face
 well at least they didnt find the weed...  pray for me guys..
 welp if you trynna get a hold of me sorry my parents think marijuana is so bad im going to rehab so hmu while you still can
 just because you smoke weed it doesnt make you a fucking hippie this has been a psa
 maybe i should start smoking weed cuz anxiety attacks every day is exhausting 
 my mama swear to god im retarded because i smoke weed.
 next time i smoke imma be counting 10 bands facts im on my grind
 i was soooooo tired 30mins ago  amp i cant rub one out cuz my cousin up amp i cant smoke cuz niggas too scared
 seriously twitter  modern day twitter jail but really for weed 
 @jimcramer booyah from missouri jim .. watch youre show every night ... cannabis industry .. what do you think of 
 she ion smoke but everytime she around we be faded
 i literally catch the smell of weed leavin my body when i take a shower in the morning
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 imagine raising your son for 18 miserable years just for him to grow up and become a nigga that smokes mid grade
 i think my lowest moment was the one time i thought i was smoking weed but i was actually smoking tobacco and it made me throw up ..
 so to co for making its first billon off legal marijuana sales.  money back to the state and not cartels.
 was going to rag on some of our staff that smoke  since we see cancer deaths every day. on the other hand though  i dont wear my seatbelt.
 if youve ever taken a man made pain pill to soothe you or knock you out  youre aokay.  however if you smoke a plant  your bound for hell.
 tell attorney general stop comparing marijuana use to heroin addiction 
 welcome to colorado home of legal weed amp the imminent threat of spring snow days.
 stop asking me why im wearing shorts cause i work in a office. im inside all day. i dont go outside amp smoke every hour 
 the only negative thing about smoking weed is cotten mouth.
 mfs pissing me off gon push me to smoke
 rather smoke the blunt to my face
 brickbybrick @phanthekonnect talks music  mindset and medical marijuana  
 hubby all you do is smoke anymore. no wonder youre hacking up a lung all the time  me coughs and goes outside to smoke
 what kind of a crazy psycho has to smoke a whole joint before leaving the house omg
 i got the day off so im going to smoke a bowl in the bath and sing some sylvan esso
 @peglegporker @pitmasterpat asking for help 4 smoked bologna. father in law from covington  tn didnt get a chance to show me b4 he passed.
 exactly. stop acting like you do b dont want smoke. i had yo blood on my polo shirt from the first fight  sh will 
 4 months ago  many more states legalized marijuana  trtc reported record sales then the entire pot stock sector crashed big time. go figure
 @ggmartiinez i love ur eyebrows and that smokey eye shit  that shit cute
 niggas will have 50 pairs of jordans smoke a bag a day but still asking for rides to go somewhere an trip about gas money
 @tcm623tyler @zcribben or that one time i read weed was going to kill me 
 if your eyebrows are dark brown then pleaseeee dont do a smokey eye that goes all the way up to your eyebrows. im begging you.
 jamal just ft me while im in class   i said im in class  this man steady talking bout you trying to smoke  what time you get out 
 if you still think legal marijuana is a major threat to our society  you are truly adorable 
 i find more drugs in rehab centers then outside how tf u gon send me here when i smoke weed
 that one time i left my purse in a cops car with weed... lmfao idk how he didnt smell that shit 
 @bohippien idk how much ill actually b able to smoke here but i can def hit it a few times out back 
 @valuinvstrtoday @johnhempton @tmorris93 ask hempton to name any other deeply ethical company and i will bet you 
 southside  smoke with me on thurs.   i have an hour of new music.  thatshowthelightgetsin smartmouf 
 fuck you for an hour then i smoke it off
 i said i smoke weed
 its time to smoke.
 im so starving but im working so ill just smoke a cig about it
 that union i used to be forced into is literally attempting to unionize marijuana shops amp dispensaries in california. funny world we live in
 @valuinvstrtoday @johnhempton @tmorris93 of course  but with hempton his determination of ethicalcredible seems t 
 bit aint out hea livin fo mney   i iive so i can smoke gud fo da rest of my life. faxts rastathoughts
 if yall did a pushup for every hit of weed or sip of drink youll be in good shape trusssss
 my first time buying weed since i been home  
 last night tita amp i were smoking a blunt and this bitch drops it .. we start seeing smoke from under my seat.. we were about to start a fire
 dave east free smoke freestyle 
 i think pussy puts me to sleep faster than weed does
 she dont smoke but every time she with me she be faded...
 legit morning routine wake up  shower  put a face mask on amp smoke a blunt 
 fuck yea got 420 off work this year maybe ill smoke slightly more blunts than usual
 im put alcohol  tobacco and weed under one roof and call it  the sin bin 
 my math professor definitely smokes weed
 one more time  i need an ounce of weed.
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 when youve messed up so many things then smoke and start thinking about more stuff you could mess up
 .@stevesisolak asks @lasairport if they can install amnesty boxes 4 travelers that realize they have leftover legal marijuana in their bags.
 a simple change of the mindset weeds the weak ones out
 lmao any time anyone asks me to cover them they always add ill slide you weed too
 @imagrumpycat @mayaalexxanderr me everyday when id get us smokey mos in stats lol
 even though marijuana is legal  i still have no idea how to go about buying it.  i assume you just go to bevmo and request the mo
 coming home this summer to do nothing but stack and smoke a lil something get cute from time to time
 all day @ work all i think about it goin home to smoke  
 all day @ work all i think about is goin home to smoke 
 anyone interested in working in the legal marijuana industry  let me know youd be working out of cle elum.
 annoying motherfuckers always trynna smoke my weed .
 yeah im both. yeah i had a drink and a smoke. you think i need you but i dont. both
 @vinnyblazin i smoke cigarettes in front of you every time bro  why you bugging
 marijuana aint legal but we smoke it all day
 she hate i smoke dem cancers but im all bout takin chances  honeywalnutshrimp @ houston  texas 
 i will never understand how alcohol is legal and weed isnt.
 rather see a lacrosse practice going on then niggaz on the kids swings and smoking weed  
 my mama just asked me where da weed at. like to smoke. and was serious. if yall could see my face.
 @realmuckmaker with sessions  we have dope but weed is still not legal
 nigga i love the taste of weed you stupid 
 @stonerc when he talk about the steelers and weed i be hurt. lmaooo bruh be goin in.
 bae and i gonna smoke it together right in front of your face  
 mama threw my weed away im ready to fight
 me tell her to smoke a fat one dreema i told her to take a bubble bath there are two types of people in this world.
 bruh this bitch smoked out  
 the guy selling loosies on the green line is also playing nate dogg from his backpack. i dont even smoke and im tempted to buy one.
 me yeah i smoke. i smoke 
 im one of those stoner parents when my son is sleep i smoke me a face and even high i can still take care of my responsibilities  
 please check me into rehab the day i decide to smoke weed out of my fucking nostril. 
 i forget that weed isnt legal everywhere lol
 holy smokes im starving
 i smoke weed like its legal .
 you ruin marijuana by smoking every day.
 i dont smoke to get high. i smoke to survive. i smoke every day.
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 ay got sumn to smoke to in am 
 smoke weed everyday.
 @sfbart is smoking weed now legal on bart trains cuz it is happening on mine right now in the tube eastbound.
 i hate when my brother smoke in my car bruh 
 its times like this when i truly realize that im addicted to weed 
 bouta smoke and take it down. yall be easy.
 theres so many things you can smoke out off why do this lol 
 but it also sucks because every time we smoke  they want me to roll up. im gonna hold a seminar so they can stop using me.
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 medad we needa stop smoking dadcheechampchong smoked so much weed where he stopped smoking cigarets i got the beard just need the mindset
 medad we need to stop smoking dadcheechampchong stop smoking cigarettes by smoking more weed  i got the beard amp weed just not the mindset
 medad we need to stop smoking  dadcheechampchong stopped smoking cigarettes by smoking more weed  i got the beard just need the mindset
 take minor drug sale offenders. dude loves slinging weed teach him to sling something legal
 why people who smoke weed have to put every blunt on their snap story
 im here for all the free smoke freestyles.
 ive smoked weed a lot  still do. but im abstaining soon. tried cocaine twice. and liquid molly once.
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 every time my boyfriend hears about the  legalization of marijuana he says hey obama did that so its cool.
 you dont need to send me a video every hour of your weed or your smoking  i get it  you smoke. i probably cgo away.
 you dont need to send me a video every hour of your weed or your smoking  i get it  you smoke my dawg
 you dont need to send me a video every hour of your weed or you smoking  i get it  you smoke my dawg
 you have russia expert on and youre wasting time on bogus rice smoke screen 
 we wonder what hitler wouldve said about legal marijuana. 
 how many more men will i let smoke me up and fuck me before i realize im still empty and broken 
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 where is somewhere cool to smoke in connecticut 
 fav thing to do after work come home take off my boots   go to the bacc yard  smoke stooges amp slapk my music
 sean be like lets smoke it out the pax 
 can someone please tell me why that one time i smoked a white mans weed has ruined smoking for me in general
 why do girls think men that smoke every day broke
 @jamejudith stop putting smoke up our rear ends just because youre one. act with class and be a president.
 i swear weed is a miracle. one bowl later and my shit feels 80
 yall only have 1 hour amp 15 mins left to buy weed from me 
 hes dropped out  quit his job  posts videos of him smoking weed everyday. his life is literally going nowhere im so frustrated rn 
 smoking weed with you  cause you taught me to
 just met alexs moms british boyf for the first time amp the first words he said were have you any marijuana im trying to get fucked up
 i think what ill miss most is 3 oclock coffee and our smoke breaks...
 sometimes they sit in my parking lot amp stare at me. like bruh im just trying to smoke my cigarette  drink my coffe amp take my break.
 na b i smoke broccoli cuz its good for me  no toxins or nun dat shit  
 every bitch want a weeding ring but every bitch fucking on everything
 jadins life but every blunt he smokes makes it more distorted
 i think running out of weed might be my least favorite thing
 i need to smokeeee fuck the bs tired of stressing 
 tolerance is solo still smoke a whole gar
 poobaampnicholas rolled a blunt for me to smoke just cause they love me  i swear they are my brothers 
 @jonesgotdajuice smoke sumn
 this how be at work every time somebody smell like weed  
 fuck the man said ur mom smoke stee stams
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 if youre worried just call. im tired of everyone 5150 me. im not crazy. just a weed fiend. soberthoughts 
 i used to drink all the time  but thats bad for you. now i just smoke pot all the time.  one of my bosses. bahahaha what the fuck.
 wake up a hour earlier  try not smoking weed before working  try working instead of talking  try earning instead of begging.
 i cant smoke for 32 more hours
 bouta go smoke this burner and see if my squirrel homie outside waiting for me
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 sad bc my fav person to smoke with has to quit smoking 
 someones been weedwacking their lawn since 630 this morning. i hope a fucking birds poops on their head.
 you know your tired when your weed gets delivered and you fall asleep instead
 i asked b.j. if she just woke up bc her eyes were puffy amp she said  you been smokin weed bc your eyes are puffy too bitch. 
 @jeffwvtm13 @wvtm13 flood the state with ganja just flood it
 my weed man baby mama texting me asking me questions  ill tell you anything to make you mad gone head bruh 
 @davidneevel thank you you are a genius on par with edison now find a way to make dt go up in smoke and youll get the nobel prize.
 i swear i gotta play lose you amp do not disturb about 4 times a day. free smoke amp teenage fever too.
 blacks are have 4 times the chance to being arrested for small amounts of marijuana than caucasians despite usage b 
 i think its time for the first mowing of the weeds...i mean lawn. i guess @dylanscheuring has something to do this week.
 lets smoke one 
 some one send me some good weed 
 this girl smoke a cigarette every morning. im convinced its her breakfast.
 i need a smoke buddy
 only two people ik out here that had some rl stupid gass that shit u feel off the first inheal ... tired off smokeign this everyday shit ..
 mood @unotheactivist  free smoke
 you use to smoke hella milds  
 my smoke detector is so bs man that thing goes off every time i smoke and it dont even be too foggy 
 @chasingsnyder seriously. every detail down to the trail of smoke lol
 my english professor just told us she used to smoke weed lol
 governors ask attorney general to leave their legal marijuana alone
 @danielducle vw bug would smoke your bmw
 @tallant1billy @mattkola1776 washington dc or state. they have legal weed in state
 middle of her manicure this girl gets up with foil on her nails to go out and smoke a cig im done 
 @paulieviz let me know when a yankee is dating a college smokeshow  no rush 
 wednesdaywisdom from the most adorable cannabis activist in the world full video  
 my facebook friends think its legal to smoke marijuana in kc now 
 joining my council at the regional mayors conference discussing new marijuana legislation in california. 
 never forget that one time i did a 6 page research paper on marijuana legalization start to finish in one night and made a 96
 lol my professor just told me to stick with marijuana
 @brooksdeuce yeah too much smoke  i think u forgot all the work i done displayed in front of your very eyes. but okay 
 everytime i think somebody from the merce is cute smokey be like fuck no 
 too much dicc smoken going on
 smelly sweaty stinky overweight huffing amp puffing pudgy finger people eat less dont smoke wash after going to powder room
 the legal notice which is sueable by a court of law for defamation of character. i do not drink  do not smoke  do drugs. i have never
 im tired of telling old white woman to stop smoking in the parking a lot and go smoke at the smoke area at work.
 yo @superkingofbros. you one of my favorite wrestlers right now. i need to smoke a fat joint with you. next nyc evolve show
 loblaw is covering medical marijuana for workers. will other employers follow 
 i be smoking everywhere and anywhere as if weed is legal here in utah 
 literally just want to smoke two blunts amp do homework for the rest of my morningafternoon until i have to go to work
 in the court house and listening some kid talk to his attorney about how he should smoke weed lol
 i dont mind smoking you out  but if its an everyday thing...yeah im slapping the shit out of you. get ya own weed some time you kefe.
 all they do is argue  smoke  and fuck. i know this aint healthy bruh
 some random kid just spit into the wind and it smoked me in the face. thats how good my day is 
 being in a negative atmosphere is like weed smoke if you are around it too long your attitude will begin to stink too. leave at oncejoy
 every time i fucking smoke i get a nasty ass sore throat tf
 i love having an hour lunch . i can eat and smoke a cig and still have time to chill lol
 this cannabis research symposium is being held on 420. im gagging  this irony is not lost on me. 
 rehab for this weed addiction
 if you smoke cigarettes brush your teeth and rise.
 mcbanon should check tobacco stats.12 million deaths each year u.s..  cannabis  non addictive substitute
 its a good day to be a hippie smoke that shit ds17wednesdays hippie 
 posts every time they smoke on snapchat  niggas and bitches  we get it
 bitches smoke weed one time and next thing you know she got dreads and longer armpit hair than me
 in streets lik sum tumble weeds
 @slurjenka i would love to smoke a bowl with harry and go to that yearly fair oregon does with the tents and the food and the art
 or that one time someone smoked a blunt in the restroom  that shit was loud asf 
 one cuz looked all professional and shit but every time we was in the same area i always smelt weed....
 @kyliebam10 and some smoked brisling sardines to go on the guac toast.
 where is the weed. no one has weed g.
 the first time ive wished i was still in smokey  just so i could hit @codylowe88 with his first t as a hc congrats buddy well deserved
 @kamrlocal4news your identity of the person interviewed is not andy halloway hemphill co isnt down but up from amarillobcat
 can someone smoke with me after work. ive had a crazy day at work. i needa chillllllllll
 lets smokey b4 too
 i went to the store to buy a lighter for this photo... the woman thought i was gonna smoke weed... yeet just making 
 who think they can out smoke  me 
 but i thought u didnt smoke @lilduval
 persona has all the weed but no wraps personb wants to smoke but has no weed a offers b a smoke out if b buys wrap who keeps the backwoods
 mom do you have to smoke everyday its becoming a habit  me 
 first time smokers are so funny to me
 at a restaurant and local news is on. holy smokes. the gop is gunning for @ossoff. literally every break has a negative attack ad.
 when i smoke too many blunts wo a drink  
 bitches be spending hella money on weed amp liquor amp their nails when u shoulda been gettin that grill fixed witcha teeth throwin gang signs
 anyone need their lawn mowed weeds pulled something pressure washed
 imagine throwing ounce of weed on a white t shirt bruh 
 i will literally fart on the next person that breathes cigarette smoke in my face. toxic air for me and u 
 baked goods laced with marijuana send 6 hospital workers to emergency room 
 ive got let go with mad weed  before i remember a cop pulled me over for taillight found 4 blunts..he gave em back said get home safe
 son smokepurp sound like uzi  nav  nessly  and trav in one song.
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 always bout smoking weed   or how they used to hoe back in the day   or how they was a superstar in every sport bac 
 every time i smell cig smoke it makes me want to gag
 i love weed bruh
 get a liquid marijuana 
 when you make smoked southern hash bc you own a 15ft smoking trailer. smokebig porkbutt idobuttstuff porkme touchmyoink
 i smoke weed while i workout. thats why i wont join a gym and i workout in the comfort of my home...ijs
 back seat smoking good weed 
 that boy bugz dont want no smoke in madden yo  drop this niggaa off every time yo lls
 that boy bugz dont want no smoke in madden yo  drop this niggaa off every time yo lls
 @thehill you poor stupid thing  youre a fool  but dont realize your who process is just smoke and mirrors
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 bouta smoke a few blunts  shower then gts
 i swear everytime someone tells me about their problems my first solution in my head is always smoke a blunt... or have you smoked today
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 i just want go on the lake and smoke   but its beginning to be impossible to cop at suno
 born in the 90s weed babies
 yoga burn tonight  almost melted. holy smokestacks. @yogafitlinden you are literally changing my life  body amp soul.
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 fresh out the shower  got under the warm blankets laying next to bae  ready to smoke .... and the lighter goes out  whomp whomp whooomp 
 @micah0118 @dearauntcrabby sean spammity cant see the truth thru the smoke   he needs too go also hes toxic
 buy the ted nendoroid solely to steal the bong it comes with so you can give all your fav anime girls a fuckin bong to smoke 520 binch
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing at @mandalaybay  
 its 1137  i had a 12 hour shift. no weed  only beers. fuck your feelings.
 more life top 5 bruh this was hard  1. passionfruit 2. gyalchester 3. cant have everything 4. free smoke 5. madiba riddim
 @bigbowlsnblunts i dont even smoke but ill prove u wrong fool  tell me next time ur working  ill take a break just to prove u wrong 
 tell me why i know this dude who has two kids and hasnt worked in 6 months...just plays video games and smokes weed all day
 after a day of thinking amp being confused  time to smoke a bowl or two 
 @washyplushie all i can think of when i think of it is tiny good crust thin pizza slices and cigarette smoke
 my mama said  i know you be smoking that reefer  but why it be so strong  i said thats loud girl she talm bout well it need to be quiet
 every time baseball season starts im reminded of the first time i was caught red handed smoking weed back in high school.
 987 kissfm is lit right now with push smoke live in the kissfm studio with djflex listen 
 time to smoke some bowls
 im bouta smoke till i finish this whole damn cd
 my husband thinks that playing golf and smoking weed is harder than being a nurse in the ed.
 we bouta free  smoke chill ......
 lmao use to tell me weed wont the move now you blowing everyday all day  
 im just gonna keep posting stuff until i burn out .. the music not the business .. smoke a joint and play it loud .. google  addam b. love
 @donlemon where there is smoke  there is fire. you dont question  but i do.
 im just going to drop off some weed 
 this is smoke a blizzy with your shorty hours
 i literally just chain smoked 7 ports thats how stressed i am 
 @bigbusiness swear i think it was smoke dza that made me go  recently lol
 da fam gt ju astaire from stockton  ca.  bro got some groove music to smoke to   james bong  
 i truly cant imagine living somewhere where weed is illegal again
 i wish i could still smoke every day all day not having nothing to do lol
 i swear this some good ass weed i had to put that shit out amp light it up 6 hours later
 i helped invent weed stores.  i have more friends who fight homelessness than work in tech.
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 so im the only one with out smokes and the one one with beer and some how yall end up drinking my shit
 smoke weed everyday
 imma roll one than imma smoke one
 lmao  theyre worried about body scanners but they smoke. yeah  alright.
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 voting against the legalization of marijuana yall was stupid for that one  thingsiwontapologizefor
 if the smokers can take a 15 min break every hour to smoke. why cant i take a break every hour   seems fair.
 ill post some deep shit later. but for now. im starvingggg. time to get some food  listen to some music and smoke some weed  goodmorning
 @mayagofed mireeeeyyya. lol  lets smoke
 when you eat good everyday ... i always get confused when ppl said stoners be looking sick amp smoked out cuz real 
 you gotta be a broke  unmotivated pot head to be looking sick  spending all your money on weed instead of food lol cuz i dont understand
 i have nearly perfect grades  exercise daily  hold a job  and i smoke pot every day. so fuck whoever says smoking makes you stupid and lazy.
 @mxlxnie im going after 6th to go smoke 
 my brother every morning blasts the greatest songs and just smokes until its time for him to leave for work. lol the life gtgt
 if you pull up with a bong or a pipe  i will dead go to the store  get my own rollup amp smoke by myself 
 legal marijuana advocates are uneasy with sessions stance 
 she get dick  weed  then ignored thats a dwi
 so 10 days without alcohol easy peasy where the weed at 
 some smoke from the caf hit my eyes and i swear it was the end of the world. 
 sometimes i look at yalls snaps and wonder what that gpa looking like like how yall go out and smokedrink everyday
 who wants to smoke for over an hour  
 thingsiwontapologivefor being happy and smoking legal weed 
 i smoke everyday and i live by myself so  
 swear cigs r a laxative.  my man be shittin a storm after he smokes.
 dear every dispensary following me all of a sudden  im loyal ..i have my own plugs..i dont need your overly priced weed...fuck off
 i swear ima go blind one day for how many times i get smoke in my eye cus wtf
 i been smoking weed  before the 5th grade this a mans world  bitch stay in your place @youngdolph
 arnold schwarzenegger smoked tylenol one time and look what happened. is this how you want to end up kids say no t 
 someone is going to lose a limb if i do not get my weed from my ex
 every time i smoke weed 
 this man smokes gars on the regular and hes still  
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 i didnt smoke before my drawing class and now im crazy tired
 @omgmaine haha hell no  i dont smoke dirt and its gonna happen later this month.
 i smoke everyday   my shit burnt out moe
 ive been doing this thing with all my weed lately  where i save the last lil nug of each strain i have and put them in one container..
 i only hit that one time  smoke that one time... only take one time 
 @marydee4678 but fuck it ive got dogs and food and weed and that is literally all i need
 ur mcm smokes pre workout
 im really about the have to buy my own weed for the first time
 im about to have to buy my own weed for the first time
 i really ran out of weed the day i got my bong. god is testing me
 one thing i love about the suburbs is that i can literally smoke a bowl in my driveway out in the open at 3pm without worry
 id enjoy going if they were smokefree but big tobacco has scared gambling giants into believing bs like  theyd 
 head over to  where im going live in 5 minutes ill be talking cannabis news  products  amp taking your questions..
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked.  yeah you think i need you but i dont .
 i remember when i was in school kids would smoke weed at school  thats illegal did you report them na. lol
 its amazing how many things you can handle through the power of marijuana
 slept in. got dicked down and smoked up. picking up some grub. allison is coming over later. issa gr at day.
 buy a broke bitch some mcdonalds   and smoke a bag  wit ha she swear she done finessed u 
 one of my professors from last semester just blew his cigarette smoke in my face as i walked by
 when she does ur laundry but accidentally washes ur weed 
 i love having the confidence of a weed that got ripped off the grass by some 5 year old and then run over by a lawn mower several times
 thingsiwontapologizefor how much weed i smoke  how i dress  my mindset  my characteristics  how i march to my own beat
 roll one . smoke one .
 my mom thinks smoking weed is so disgusting.. amp i just wanna get her high one time so she can see why i love it.
 yeah i had drink  yeah i smoked. yeah you thought i needed but i dont
 wth did you smoke marijuana is not your drug... 
 yeah nigga i rather you then me  im inna backseat smoking good weed . dolph
 legal weed sold in pharmacies in uruguay starting in july. there is a walgreens joke in their somewhere. 
 @dinocleveland this is all smoke and mirrors the private schools are recruiting athletes from all over many  pubschool kids dont play
 when the smokeshow goes to sit next to you but is off by one row 
 kevin gastelum not fighting cause he was flagged for smoking weed. im so tight
 she smoked me in this workout fthebike  @ tribelife athletics home of crossfit tla 
 @shitmyfoodmakes every. fucking. night. im out...except for the whiskey and weed part.
 high on legal marijuana
 @kingberto why is marijuana flagged by usada its stupid af
 gastelum flagged by usada for marijuana  pulled from silva fight  usada kelvingastelum andersonsilva mma ufc
 i swear to god every time i touch this door to go outside to smoke one of my neighbors pulls up
 i promise the world will be okay if you dont inform everyone on snapchat every single time you smoke weed. 
 @apexcris every single time im melee by a warlock im dead  meanwhile backstab and smoke got nerfed.
 idk if im just broke or if i actually have no desire to smoke
 i aint smoke all month for this bs
 there is a guybreaking up weed and rolling a joint on the 7 train right now. decriminalized is one thing but have some decorum  sir.
 weed will get you through times of no money but money wont get you through times of no weed
 gov. martinezs deadline to sign adding opioid abuse to medical marijuana list is today. could it have saved my son 
 im about to roll up and blow the smoke in macs face to wake her up. tell me it aint love
 you better pull a joint  put a worm around that mf smoke it yo the face
 i smoke like its legal 
 it stresses my soul out when my mom tells me to stop smoking weed
 no body smokes everyday to be cute  
 let the drugs take my soul  first time i bought weed i was sold
 nikkas flexin w a high point talm bout fukk round n get smoked
 i officially dont smoke no more
 @sebastianorsene yeah lets smoke cigarettes without him
 could just be me but after i brush my teeth and then smoke a blunt the weed taste sweet at.
 @xxxrachelroxxx as u know i already fucked up the whole sobriety thing just no more meth coke or heroin just beer amp weed everyday
 my professors know i smoke weed now 
 @fionacray if u were here id shotgun a beer in your face and then smoke a cigarette to drive the point
 ill be in colorado for a week sometime this summer. weed legal there right theres beats there
 follow my snaps  dinero89   @ marijuana state bitch 
 my town officially has no weed man. 
 everyday marijuana saves the day
 i cant believe we ask a groundhog for weather reports but smoking weed isnt legal
 @martygrimes yeah  youre both yeah you had a drink  yeah you smoke
 payin 4 weed rly b adding up im not finna stop buying it tho 
 im going to make a whole cannabis infused dinner pairing with dab tasting like bong appetite goals have some many ideas its ridiculous
 i smoked 100 000 blunts to the face
 all i do  is smoke and think about you 
 when you think weed finna be legal 
 but itd be hard to find a job  weed laws are ridiculous and its arkansasbible belt.  and i fucking love foco sooo idk
 its cool being high  but this weed been making me sleepy amp i nap for 3 hours .
 living in a place that has legal recreational weed is sooooo convenient.. i dont have to worry about shitttt
 i swear my history professor smokes an ounce a day bruh
 where in the world do get weed in union 
 @taurusguzman95 us everytime we smoked with david and daniel  
 every time i go to war i give em smoke
 @bukowskiquote. i agree  because many will abuse marijuana...
 i fuck you for a hour then i smoke it off 
 i just wanna smoke everyday  reminiscing on them times i was broke everyday ... 
 @poshpacino they know i smoke so they prob think im selling a ton
 @chameleonusa i spend easily 200 to 400 on weed a month. i smoke everyday. 
 @gingerwins yeah  that sounds about right. on one hand i can see his point  on the other  dont smoke weed during football seasonlegalize
 theres a gang of asians that go to the smoke shack the same time i do and the only english word they use is fuck fucking fucked its scary
 my dad wants me to go to rehab because i smoke weed.
 i be tryna to not judge the mfs that smoke weed on snap all day everyday but when you make a snap smoking a square lmaooo boy 
 i keep running into weed . its so tempting 
 every since weed has became legal in cali  ive been getting booked for shows 
 you not hood just bc you sell weed my nigga and just bc you sell weed dont mean you an throw up a b in your flikks eastongangbangers
 how many times do i hear potheads say im about to stop smoking weed
 likeeee my feelings fading away like a blunt when i smoke to much
 and backwoods trash. ill never smoke another one. them shits get me sick every single time.
 i smoke when i drink its tradition.
 @deannamorton ill smoke u out all day and buy u food 
 so its been an hour now since i had a few drops of kyle turleys  hemp party favors and i f 
 im so tired of smelling weed 
 what ive learned on probation all that money i was spending on weed could have been put towards facials 
 polysci professor ive researched marijuana as well
 jus bouta smoke some weed
 do you work in legal california cannabis industry have thoughts on labor unions  third party distribution lets talk ben@thekindmedia.com
 when you spend literally every hour of your day by yourself  weed becomes your best friend
 @notmeganfields @firetrucksdom69 i can play smoke on the water on guitar so id say i know a thing or two about music megan
 memory. smoked me healwaywins smartypantys @ olde sawmill  dublin  
 you smoke your green  im spending mine
 fuck yeah got you almost feeling drunk after you smoke it. 
 what kind of weed youve been smoking. what kind of drinks youve been drinking  a
 @imyourkid ...was hoping bong appetit would show viewers more about how to do this yourself  expand cannabis to ppl who dont smoke  but...
 they go crazy for some weed man
 aint shit change i just smoke everyday now .. that jumper still wet tho
 this 8 year old boy wants to bake brownies amp yelled at me to not help him  go ahead buddy make weed brownies for all i care
 what did you just smoke or vape  sage og from humboldt in the bong over here
 i just smoked and put on a facial and i am so slumped now.
 time to go smoke free atlanta 
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked
 yo happy b day @biggdaboii smoke a fat bowl of meth for me
 bruh this nigga smoked the fattest joint before this cuz idk who the fuck uses these 
 cray how the cannabis cup is always on my birthday  crazy how i never go  crazy
 crazy how the cannabis cup is always on my birthday  crazy how i never go  crazy.
 fuck all the small town cops that ever pulled me over just try to bust me for weed they couldnt even find..
 i swear all i do is smoke all day 
 this kid that i work with talks about weed all the time but doesnt get high...
 poor bass didnt put up much fight amp got dragged through the weeds he made it out good in the end tho 
 i done see i gotta go for some smokes tonight bruh
 i remember why i hate coming home everyday every time i go smoke a cigarette
 ima go smoke dis blizzy
 u realize alocoholtobacco cause harm to peoples health and weed doesnt but its only illegal bc gvt is unable t 
 my mom was flabbergasted that they actually have weed festivals hahah i was like girl i go every week 
 these classes hell lol room full of drinkers and smoking   reminiscing on times they drank and smoke .
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoke  yeah you think i need you but i dont
 obama is the one person i want to smoke with one day 
 you may think a dandelion is pretty  but remember they are still a weed.
 yo all the smoke spots closed in the hood b  yemenibodega i dig it though
 so weed not legal here officially yet.....hurry tf up
 see this is why i dont fucking smoke with people my fucking lighters always come up missing
 ugh. can  anyone in north bama bring me a smoke its been 4 days. i just want one. i swear.
 patients are ditching opioid pills for weed  cannabis legalizeit unitegreen uniteblue tcot
 patients are ditching opioid pills for weed  cannabis legalizeit unitegreen uniteblue tcot
 at the er after being beat up by police at the jail last night  and they try to set me up some one put weed in my p 
 i dont need to have a fist fight with you when i can just smoke you amp carry on with my day. 
 kyle just looked at his teeth in the mirror and pulls out a weed leaf out of the middle of his front teeth
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked
 im in the fucking weeds with all of this damn work that these professors assign  but im on twitter. developingarthritisfrommykeyboard
 i count cash and smoke gas every day.
 she dont smoke but every time she w him she be faded ltltltlt
 and you smoked a bong before bed 
 its like every time i smoke now i get hellaaaaaa sleepy.. not the wave rn.
 those wyd after smoking this memes r accurate and all but if i smoked anything from those pics i would literally just pass out for a day
 brookshire you supposed to chase after jesus.  lexi well i smoke to many cigarettes to run... but im tryin 
 bitch ive been to jail with weed in my vagina before dont play with me
 i think jordan is missing again amp now i have no one to smoke w 
 im tryna smoke some gelato fucking with dolph
 sloooww bouta smoke and sleep
 yall kkk are bologna egg sandwich smelly ass people yellow teeth bad breathe bandits  god said smoke  killlle 
 i hit weed amp leave the world for hours at a time.
 i spank its weed ass
 swear she makes me want to smoke and thats not even my thing  solange @ 2017 super bowl li 
 i need a smoking buddy das always down to smoke wid me
 ive interviewed tons of celebs nbd. last night i smoked a joint held by willie nelson the night before. thats a whole new level of awesome
 off work time to smoke
 @jontronshow just to let you know  marijuana is poisonous to dogs. same with hops and chocolate  they cant take it.
 we smoke all the time  b. 
 whos down to smoke one 
 this the face i make when im holding in the weed smoke 
 i want to smoke a fat bleezy in a bubble bath right now
 mfs will face a whole blunt on snapchat and record that shit. i mean i basically just smoked it with you at this point lol.
 youve run out of weed anxietyin5words
 i pick lil mama up now its weed in da air
 i pick lil mama up now its weed in da air
 @larrywilmore bro ill smoke you out
 ima smoke this bowl hopefully i knock tf out within the hour damit
 today is my mama birthday  if you smoke put one in the air for her cuz she i know she rollin up right now.  
 i dont smoke everyday but whenever i do smoke i b blowed to death 
 my soul mate gotta smoke weed or she not my soul mate
 blowing smoke to handle real issues away from main media.   still focusing on garbage. 
 i wanna smoke in my mama house but idk how. im too slow for this lol
 brah if you didnt put in on my blunt you not hittin it.. i stg ill literally smoke in front you and wont give a fuck
 ifuckedyabitch then smoked a face
 first thing i smoked outta my new bong was blue dream so yea thats her name now 
 asked do she smoke she told me no im smoking up all the weeeeed first day i hit it she told all her friends now they on to meeee
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 2 weeks without a single puff of weed
 @heatherbayles @ericmccormack i think matthew may have just smoked one to many joints before this statement
 its time to smoke
 im smoking that weed everyday but never hide my faith
 smoke weed and jerk off
 ...you seem to be conflating two arguments. i never said they wouldnt want to smoke recreationally. but some would 
 she dont smoke but every time she with me we get faded
 stg if i dont smoke a fat ass bell in the next hour or 2 ima go crazy
 every since i started staying with my momma she been tryna smoke loud lol knowing she cant handle it
 time to smoke myself stupid and see what pops out
 anyone thats available to go to alki  got two seats open. beer and weed less goo
 @sonyaellenmann that all vanishes like smoke when the far edge of their cohort decides to push you into the sea for the health of the volk.
 im going to opening a medical weed delivery service in slo. im offering a 510 minute get your card online with your first purchase
 she dont smoke but every time she wit me we be faded
 now listening to at40 52988  amp i thought i hated every single abc song amp the horse they road in on  but i dont hate when smokey sings.
 he dont smoke but everytime he wit me he be faded 
 bruh you remember we smoked like everyday then one day we was smoking and couldnt get high @denbowdadon 
 @him650 lmao cant smoke in ubers
 if you smoke your opponent great  youve proved your point. you get smoked go back to the lab and come back with something to prove
 @oliviarose96 either being taken to the slums or being gassed by weed 
 im not a huge art fan nor can i interpret it so my mom said smoke some weed before i go to my discussion class
 if you really think about it. everyone who says they gone stop smoking weed because its legal and everyones going to be doing it
 and im far from cheap i smoke sumn wit my peeps all day
 if i see one more person tag the fyseokmin lightstick post with lol a bong how can i smoke out of it im gonna kms
 smoke weed everyday 
 i smoke pot. i like it. yeah
 @spazp youve never had it smoked
 you can cure addiction leaving it to beer amp weed no crack heroin or meth amp ure cured @mbelcher1981 @xxxrachelroxxx that is the light
 yeah i need to smoke 
 i need a basketball trainer that dont smoke before the workouts 
 yeah when yal stop tryna get us for weed tf 
 @dougheffercan smoke w33d everyday
 she said she only smokes when she drinks.. i said but you drink every day..
 so you wanna start a legal marijuana industry colorado will tell you whats what  via @apkristenwyatt
 every relationship is yall goals yall wanna smoke crack and be in love now  im confused ill just stay single if thats the case
 my dog was just carrying around a container of weed and my dad goes hey a  nala has his container you want it back 
 cop by smokehouse
 @beefact yea u dont just let ur 3 year old smoke crackj bc thats the life it chose save the bird
 the first thing i want to grab in the morning when i wake up is my lighter and weed
 i am listening to the preppiest girls talk about how immature and stupid this one girl is because she smokes weed. lmao yall the dummys.
 @queshaxoxo smoke one
 yeah i smoke pot  yeah i love peace  doooit @ monterrey  mexico 
 finally break time  time to smoke some fire 
 come smoke 1 b  
 i wish weed would just go ahead and be legal. im tired of hiding this smell when a nigga wanna smoke lmao.
 still come out to co  we can smoke out and talk politics tytlive
 ill rather be smoking weed  whenever we breathe. every time you kiss me. rihanna
 @yoselfx we bought legal weed lol all the esquedas are wanting to get high lol
 @fordthefool @aplus90 @1cue thats why i dont smoke that shit lol
 this boy at my job just said i remember one day you came in you was high ..... then i dont think girls should smoke lmao gtfo my face 
 big sean got that smoke
 me and britt sat in front of mcdonalds for 20 min to smoke and download this big sean album bc were outta data lol haaha..
 when you realize youve smoked half the blunt without music 
 good one at landisville  hemp 17 leb 16.  218 to go in the half
 i would give up smoking blackandmiles to smoke weed everyday period
 maybe idgi cause i dont smoke but like you can snap chat other shit than every time you smoke a blunt just sayin 
 my partner eric gotting who was instrumental in leading us to victory in indiana will be on smokefree radio tonight 
 @redmaryland is just fine with the government dragging ppl off to jail for growing and consuming weed thats crazy 
 i need more drinking buddies all my smoker friends hate alcohol
 @abbyzawilla literally us we were like lets smoke and then continue 4 hours later were talking about why the sky blue
 free alcohol or weed 
 this is too true likr the only drugs that stay in your pee for a long period of time is weed so how tf u get caught 
 hasnt smoked weed in 4 hours  im going through withdrawal  please respect my agitation
 he said he fuck her for an hour then he smoke it off 
 is weed legal in south carolina if not its cool the cops not worried about weed since its good shit 4 ur health amp should b legal. livepd
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing @ the smiths house  
 @kaylilynn  girllll lets smoke later
 i smoke so much weed my mama think im addicted.
 lmfao this is a desperate ass attempt but if anybody gots weed hmu
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked
 correct. liberal judge smoked too many doibies b4 making his decision. lost to many brain cells 
 next weekend im back on shsu hmu lets get gassed out. in need of smoke buddies dm me. only if you can hang
 i say baby just drop that cheese cause you cant smoke for free
 nobody. id smoke it all to the face.....  
 at least i have all of this weed to smoke by myself
 gotta drop 3 on my tattoo on tuesday i cant buy no weed for a minute now 
 @creepingsharia @businessinsider yeah  theres a smokescreen in this somewhere...wait till it clears and see what rears its head.
 ion smoke  but every time im with him we be faded 
 where theres weed  theres disc golf
 yeah me to time to smoke 
 wish i had someone to smoke w here im tired of smoking by myself lol
 heres what it looks like when the cannabis industry is taken seriously. 
 @andrewcte smoke you face off duh
 yo we literally smoked all day 
 my face is weed
 my mom and pj had a full plan on im a weed addict and they sending me to rehab 
 this plane has an ash tray in the bathroom. if youre not supposed to smoke then whys there a fuckin ash tray
 yeah im def finna smoke lmao  aint realize it was dis time of night.
 you smoke a few times amp now ur such a bad guy... foh
 tempted af to go outside and smoke with daniel and sean but fuckkkk last minute packing and im crying too much lmao
 drowning my feelings in a fucking liquid marijuana.
 thats why her love her life would rather go smoke some weed with his friends then see her after he get out of jail bummer
 a nigga got woke up for some bs and still aint get no smoke
 u ever roll a joint to save for later but realize how good u rolled it so u smoke it hahaha
 i smoke tooo much for me not to keep a lighter
 they think they supposed to be best friends cause they mamas used to smoke crack together back in the day. 
 you dont smoke do you  since its legal now mom i barely even drink  let alone other extracurriculars me 
 remember that time ben hempfling chocked me and punched me and pushed me against a refrigerator like 5 min ago yeah me either lmao
 i guess marijuana if federally legal now. remember dont have it around children bitch. call a social worker on your ass @potus
 i just had to convince myself to smoke weed thats how tired i am.
 every morning i wake up go out in the living room to smoke and theres already a full bong pack scattered on the table because no1 picks up
 @realdonaldtrump you fucking jackass. they like it because it doesnt include them  and they blow smoke up your ass because youre stupid.
 bouta smoke   take a shower amp go get my nails done 
 how do you smoke your chin off
 just put indian hemp on my scalp
 @xxxrachelroxxx amp ya know i managed to drink a beer amp smoke a joint amp it didnt ruin my life amp i didnt do anything stupid fuck naaa
 yeah i had drink  yeah i smoke   yeah ya think i need ya but i dont 
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoke   yeah ya think i need ya but i dont 
 @slamonline ...nobody goes to rehab  fights or committs crimes after using marijuana...yet we cant say the same about alcohol or opiates.
 oh yeah we are on a highatustbreak for all of frebruary and i miss weed so much
 i dnt think i got weed at the joint 
 @alexflogwango smoke dat and record sumn
 no one texting me back im bouta smoke alone
 bitch you smoked a blunt  first time is always the best as they say. 
 remember that time ben hempfling chocked me and punched me and pushed me against a refrigerator last night yeah me either lmao
 @isaiahrashad  i put ma weed in yo blunt
 lol i should be the one in that circumstance. im in a state where ganja is legal  
 tired of buying my own weed 
 in a world ripe with misery... fight back and fuck it. smoke up 
 i literally just wanna face blunts until my body cant inhale no more smoke. i need a real smoke break im tellin ya. life crazy.
 you wanna smoke a bowl  yeah duh you got time yeah im in shoes though
 everytime i think about this i have to smoke a cig
 i always say just do a light wash of color on the lids  youre going to work 15 mins later ive got a fierce smokey eye.
 neither   but smoke ig 
 @allierambo @matthewtmcd holy smokes ur emoji is preg i love it
 in no way am i succesful rn but all i see are these motherfuckers hooping and smoking weed and trapping. shit annoys me.find your potential.
 every time i hear smoke by demrick i always get smoked out unexpectedly. its on rn
 @kehlani just swing thru after the signing to smoke a blunt and watch some harry potter.
 all one must do is pray to @xxxrachelroxxx amp weed amp beer will show up within the hour it worked for me all hail the goddess rachel roxxx 
 howwww did i lose a lighter when all i did was smoke amp go straight to sleep
 my coworker takes smoke breaks like every 30 minutes and its annoying af
 makin my money and smoking my weed
 my brother think all i do is smoke 
 you know where me and the homies gonna be at every sunday come smoke with us  driipdriip420710 
 one of them bitches said lets put on some nigger music to smoke too please stop letting hispanic use the n word
 just smoked tea out of a bong lmao
 i remember people used to ask me all the time why you smoke on snapchat so much while listening to music now everybody do it lol 
 cant remember the last time i went 24 hours without smoking  weed just be finding its way to me
 every time i carry around an iced coffee i feel like nancy from weeds lol
 nigga roll my weed amp get tf up out my face
 if you have to smoke or drink every time you are with your friends wyd
 cats gettin smoked i see.  bout time they play a ranked team cupcake sch pac12 
 our apartment is full of smoke everyday bc my roommate will literally burn water when she cooks
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing at @bjccnews  
 well now ik smoking weed helps with a hangover
 @kfcbarstool absolutely shocking that glenny didnt wake up with like 3 smokeshows
 i love how every day i say im not gonna wear that much make up  30 minutes later and i have a smokey eye and wings 
 whenever it touches my skin i get itchy.. amp one time i was smoking a blunt amp a piece of weed went str8 to the back of my throat amp i couldnt
 finding someone to smoke w thats not annoying is so hard bruh
 @teeveeo i was pouring liquid in my mouthlike a drop or 2 and i hit myself and i accidentally drank a lot of medical marijuana. help me
 i remember sophomore year i asked this one scrap couple if they smoked and they both looked at each other and said every 420 o clock
 @cheddar did you know wa state made 185 000 000 last year on sales tax on cannabis     @ogsendog @cypresshill
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked. yeah you think i need you but i dont.
 only in reno will you actually see a tumble weed pass the front of your vehicle
 @arcticjessica smoke weed every day every night
 id rather be smoking weed  whenever we breathe  everytime ya kiss me  dont say that you miss me  just come get meeeeee
 i hate weed mans that take hours 
 two smoke ready to rip @nepgenduro still waitlisted for a row with over 700 entries sumterenduro yz250x 
 why isnt weed legal
 every time i smoke n i try to take a snapchat i always get smoke in my eye. snapchatbloopers whatudontreallysee
 anyone that smokes has like 10 lighters but theres always that one lighter thats your fav amp youd be sad af if you lost it.
 oh yeah and selling weed is definitely not a career at least sell some crack.. up grade  do something
 everything can go except cheeks i need them  but lol yeah weed most definitely 
 the last time i smoked meth thats what happened the cops took me to the psych ward for 96 hr involuntary hold 
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing at @piperspub  
 update apparently this kid got caught smoking weed in his spare time after his day was over. guess fight is off 
 im just tryin to fuck and smoke all night and play with it from time to time .while we rest up  possibly view th 
 if you smoke how i smoke then your hi like everyday
 just about to wash clothes and smoke a blunt i guess 
 yeah...i need to smoke
 when you tired of tha same weed all tha time  classic boyznthehood hollyweed gwoof 
 facts  cause my ass would either drop it or choke on smoke  
 so whos tryna drink smoke have good time tonight .
 i need to smoke im tired of this regular ass oxygen
 when you get caught sneaking to go smoke with yo cousin 
 wwf with seven lighters and two cats. seeks archer with a soft spot for puns. no smokers. must be cleanish apocalypsepersonalads
 if anyones trying to rent a room in northwest reno  hml 250 a month amp you can smoke weed all u want
 i think this squirrel might have gotten into my weed stash   danm you squirrel danm you  
 flambeed for the first time. almost every single smoke detector went off. still have my eyebrows. results worth it.
 the worst case for weed  is the same as many things ...  the opportunity cost of spending time getting high versus going for a walk.
 @rrrosaliii @tialeelo lets go then  ill smoke out out with the little bit that i have left lol
 patients are ditching opioid pills for weed.  
 literally all of union bluv smells like weed 
 @zaydasavage you know that weed is legal not federal but state as long as you are not being stupid and stealing power you are good
 bouta roll up amp smoke .. yayyy muchly needed
 ima drop weed in front of the staff where i work so they start sharing their shit
 also how the hell does leveon bell get only one vote for comeback player of year methinks its got a lot to do with weed suspension.
 i will never understand how people take pain killers recreationally. i feel disgusting right now. how the fuck is weed not legal.
 i swear the people at ou suck at hiding the smelll of weed  bruh yall aint foolin no one
 idk y everytime someone discovers i smoke weed their whole perception changes... i smoke weed. i dont commit crimes. i have my@reasons. bye
 rather smoke to the face these days
 also weed is legal in dc
 every time i smoke a regular gar or even a paper  i jus think to myself  damn  if this was a leaf id be that much higher
 yeah i drank and yeah i smoked
 let me smoke  let me drink  let me do my drugs all the fucken time
 @ericmerida20 you did try hard i give you that but yeah lets just blame it on that weed you smoke  i never tried it now that i remember 
 @ilduhe shit no never tried that. i think ill only smoke tobacco on purpose when im fw the gars tho lmao
 this random ass girl in san jose just smoked me and my moms bf and her nephew out im so happy but she hella knows
 and we smoke that kuuush  yeah that kuuush amp we ball like swoosh swoosh  yeah like swoooosh
 i love to smoke weed. thats my therapy.
 i swear to god every party that i go to someone thinks i have weed
  bro im pissed we didnt get to play today that was bs but aye ill smoke a blunt w u faceaaaas
 life is better when u smoke weed all day everyday
 when youre rolling a blunt and drop some weed. 
 missing my weed
  no seriously guys talk about the come up but use their paycheck on weed  every week 
 holy smokes what a brodeurian cartwheel  two pad stack save by martin jones.
 bruh someone slide and smoke one 
 @sarahksilverman this ladys nephew is a marine. let that sink in. some junior marine is getting smoked because his aunts retarded.
 almost got in a fight with this gay in my uber pool who defended chain smokers but now hes singing million reasons
 tired but not too tired to smoke
 since i have a low tolerance for weed i can b high in one good hit
 i dropped the little weed that i had all over my seat and i wasnt even high at the time 
 remember that time you held the blunt for like 10 minutes and just let it burn... i never wanted to smoke w u again 
 fine hoes cant smoke for free either buddy 
 lil smoke left im bouta roll it up
 just fucking relax. drink some tea. listen more than you talk. meditate. smoke a cigarette every once in a while.
 i dont smoke soo.. 
 how about that absolute smoke in jose perezs snap story
 she dont smoke but every time she with me we be faded 
 my weed tolerance is fucking ridiculous lol i dont even cough after i rip my bong 
 hijacking fiction gave me a t shirt i smoked marijuana with them fuck yeah 
  i smoke dick all day everyday 
 time to go smoke a 1 000 cigarettes as usual
 this is me everytime i smoke a blizzzzunt 
 im just going to go smoke this glass dick and pray i fall asleep
 i remember in hs we use to get up every morning  smoke  listen to some music. get munchies then go to school happy asl 
 i do this everyday after i smoke  
 hey elizabeth. you think you can get me a deal on a carton of smokes  next time youre in az
 and smokes wood tip black amp milds 
 not sure if i should start my day off right with a couple bongs rips or smoke a fat ass dick to the face
 @drekdnd then let me grab the weed this time and said damn derek you rolled a fatty   i was just like bruh.... 
 lol lame niggahs gotta stop gassing these hoes i swear i will be single for the rest of my life before i blow smoke up a bitch ass
 growing cannabis the legal way for medicine @costafarms as part of a 3000 person agriculture 
 growing cannabis the legal way for medicine @costafarms as part of a 3000 person agriculture 
 if you bring swishers to my smoke session im beating your ass
 i swear ion see how yall smoke dem shits 
 ol stinky ass cig smokers
 some one lets smoke on my lunch
 did high times just say the cannabis community doesnt leave trash behind image below is ht in 2013 not cleaning u 
 why no one i have ever worked with knew i smoked weed  
 italys military narcos cook up cannabis cures 
 having weed but no gar ltltltlt 
 my mom weed jokes are so funny she always makin joked bout me  charles amp jared when we go smoke
 why is it every time i cook my smoke detector goes offall the hrs i watch @foodnetwork i still cant cook. i should stick to engineering
 if the whole world smoked a joint at the same time  thered be world peace for at least two hours wise words of my father
 i have to meet and smoke with @lovearianna one day 
 it would have been so easy to knock   call even   break in and wake his ass up and be like smoke with me  
 @lophiile and smoke like a chimney.
 how many jobs do you know that allow you to poop and smoke a joint at the same time
 wtfff  this is my second time leaving my weed somewhere 
 ive betted money  pushups  clothes  weed  lunch  verses  and sexual favorsno mystic on this superbowl lol i need this w today riseup
 my life consists of work  baths  cleaning  and smoking weed lol
 haha every smoker needs this. 
 i need a girlfriend so i can stick it in her but well we watch this harry potter marathon and smoke
 hand held smoke machine. working on a way to attach to my wrists and remote control. still a 
 i smoke literally everyday.. im not sure how i pull though every day but i do. thankful.
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoke
 mom  next time yall decide to smoke pot in the car   please just be mindful amp roll down the windows.. 
 niggas was supposed to eat and smoke hours ago... also nobody volunteered to walk to the gas station
 enjoying time at the offices of @theemeraldnews with humboldt state univ. professor fred krissman amp cannabis consul 
 i hope weed is legal by the time my uncles hair is as long as mine 
 we smoke @ least a 35 everyday lmao wow
 all the weed amp no lighter. fml.
 drugs have destroyed so many relationships that were once flowers around my heart  now just weeds.
 we get it ur a white girl who smokes weed and gets drunk every weekend and you post it on every social media because your too edgy.
 every time i send somebody to my one of my weed men they tell me next time i cop and bless me 
 its seriously a beautiful day to be outside and smoking weed
 all  except the scary one and what kinda weed is this  literally lol 
 stop trying to hold conversations with me on snap.  i smoke too much weed to remember the last shit i said
 three smoke shows and a bitch who couldnt handle the cold weather  
 this new single some smokeeeeeeeee
 this new single some smokeeeeeeeee
 this new single some smokeeeeeeeee
 im trying to take this older jj seriously but i still c him as the boy who made weed donuts days
 to the smoker hack lady on the train...  think its time to cut back.  i am feeling the tar in the air
 @jessburley97 my smoke show roomie
 i hate that medical marijuana isnt legal everywhere there are so many people with chronic pain that would be helped so much
 if its my weed i roll my own mf blunts amp i light it up amp hit that hoe however many times i want
 told my mama i needa go smoke outside she gon hit me talkm bout  the fuckin windows are open  lol
 oh damn i went out to smoke and a fumble happened
 super bowl on the west coast is lit. im watching all niggas stories smh. weed legal and they sell liquor 247 smh
 @unksilkk smoke one 
 mann where the weed at 
 this that yeah im boutta smoke a blunt music
 i feel like i should start smokin weed. next time someone offers me the blunt im going to smoke it
 nothing better than weed alc drugs and harry potter deathly hallows part 2. judgeme
 the first super bowl in the era of legal weed in vegas is so much fun.  what time does the game start btw
 they might as well just make weed legal 
 operation faded cannabis is a success 
 square smokers swear they dont be killing ppl with the death stick 
 i think im the only person that can take a xanax   smoke a blunt and drink and still be anxious and wanting to fight a bitch... 
 nothing puts me in a worst mood than losing my weed. like wtffffff son i literally just copped that 8th 
 remember to smoke weed everyday for nate dogg
 @scorgisaur im freaking out xd its seriously everything from cocaine to meth to marijuana
 every time im high i miss   cuz hes my favorite person to smoke a blunt with 
 well  smoke session time 
 yeah  i had a drink  yeah  i smoked yeah  you think i need you
 life interesting for me right now. ive got to remember one day at a time amp manage this crazy life a chunk at a time. holy smokes
 yeah i think ima go smoke one again cause a girl in her feels for no reason rn
 @blucigs i think a pack of smokes lasts longer than one of your atomizers. three hours rip off
 drink and smoke at the same time  
 then if you read the article it says the baby has received a tremendous amount of second hand smoke. naaa b lmao. 
 my friends are all just mad because i smoke them every time we play what do you meme. memequeen
 i took a thc capsule and every time i burp or cough i taste weed 
 i smoke tooooo much 
 time to smoke my lights out
 time to smoke 
 i feel like the falcons  went grabbed my bong. put fire weed to get over the patriots winning  ya hit the bong wno h20 fml.
 i feel like the falcons  went grabbed my bong. put fire weed in the bowl to get over the patriots winning  ya hit the bong wno h20 fml.
 are you high yeah i knew it well thats what happens when you smoke it
 finna smoke this blizzy amp gts.
 so use to smoking alone i forget to pass the blunt literally every single time i smoke wit someone else 
 who cares that the pats just won when weed is legal in mass superbowl2017 
 my neighbor beating his bitch again .. uma jst smoke my cig amp act like nunin ain goin on lol
 having a smoke and a grape soda ya
 traded a smoke for a food stamp dollar
 you should be here to smoke this b w me 
 this for the people smoking weed everyday  fuck with they say let the pain go away
 if ya smoke like i smoke then ya high like everyday nate dogg
 bout time you starving artists get any kind of meetings w a label  ill have a weed man in every state....
 they really be wasting all types of weed on bong appetit
 then he tells me the weed i have some co workers and i dropped so i cant like nigga why you tellin me
 she dont smoke but every time she with me we be faded
 yall think i would be molly if i aint smoke 
 i taught my brother how to smoke from a bong i feel like ive accomplished so much in my life
 lived in the  in the mid 80s. saw my fellow white  female traveler jailed and deported for marijuana possession 
 i just unfollowed someone on ig who posted a pic holding some new weed product but underneath his nails were filthy as hell.
 i fall asleep everyday at 3330 am. getting things done  rearranging  smoke  chill  start things  plan  get ideas. all that.
 idk what it is about pumping gas but everytime im doing it i just want to smoke a cigarette
 about to smoke one
 high on legal marijuana
 wheres the damn weed mann.
 @tonyora actually nvm she did say smoke yup its cuz i didnt walk her all the way mann   lmaoo
 all this weed man fogging up my memories   etc.
 i think weed is fogging up my memory etc.
 man i think all this weed is fogging up my memory plottwist
 smoke weed everyday
 hit up my weed man for delivery neighbors they think that he live with me
 im scared i dropped weed in my moms car a while ago. every time i come in  it danks  but ik ion have anything on me each time...
 how alcohol and weed can help you lose all those fucks youve been giving  titleofmyselfhelpbook
 how alcohol and weed can help you keep all those fucks youve been giving away titleofmyselfhelpbook
 @adoremilli lol smoke one for me today millie and bob  onelove
 @chunchinemarie if he smokes buy him some  and some rellos and a bunch of lighters 
 when someones short term memory is so bad. you think they smoke weed on a daily basis 
 u rly ain got no one to talk to in this world man. i just gota smoke weed and get fucked up lol daym
 anyone else remember the time that walmart had a snack bar section that you could smoke in memories
 if school offered a class called smokology and taught you about weed and strains i would attend it a lot more often
 @beckjpg lol its funny because i watched her smoke about 12 cigs one day and  i took a couple bong rips with her when she was pregnant 
 after work im sparking up not one  not two  but three fattys and i cant smoke them all by myself 
 why brush your teeth in the morning when you can just smoke a menthol cigarette @thesunderingsea
 gym   music   animals   cannabis  alcohol work   we all have one 
 3 days no weed bruh. think im getting withdrawals lol
 had an awesome workout session. bouta put some chicken wings in the smoker now.  good morning
 why am i smellin weed please dont tell me i done came in this bitch wit sumn on me without knowing again
 they said i smoked my life away cuz im smoking every day
 if the whole world smoked a joint there would be world peace for at least 2 hours
 tbh i could smoke alla dat in an hour or two  
 jordan tishler md how to get the right dose of your cannabis medicine.  mmj boston health wellness sexuality
 wont yu roll a nigga weed  do sumn extra and a lil sumn special for me
 bitches be wasting weed making snapchat videos.
 i just wanne see u smile i just want to make u mine u would could spend time to smoke away time we could go anywhere
 this weekend was my first time smoking weed i will never do that shit again... until next time.
 my mama said god revealed to her that i smoke weed lol
 treatment  and new wings on jails  how about decriminalizing marijuana.  1st time minor drug offenders dont need jail normally
 @phildruyor cool story  bro p nothing a little more weedsmoking cant handle tho im sure  youll be alright  buddy
 me and my friends literally cuss each other out and do low blows and well call each other a hour later and smoke a blunt
 dude asked if i still smoke hell yeah i do i ask does he uhh..well every once and a while... like every day this nigga
 purp one of my fav weed strains but it aint the most potent strain... so you bragging abt that shit dont really mean shit these days
 i got weed with no gars 
 lmao pot 1. is safer than tobacco and alcohol. 2. theres people in jail longer for slinging some weed  than molest 
 i think my bros weed might b more dank than mine tf
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked 
 i cant smoke with the face
 but there are still many good christians yes but what are you doing to weed out the bad ones nada
 im dismissive and no one likes me because i talk about weed all day  420
 deleted everyone that smokes weed off my snapchat  tired of seeing you mothafuckas blow smoke and talk stupid.
 missing this meal so much  @ kimchi smoke barbecue 
 done for the day time to smoke big dope
 knock knock mount pleasant weed man wya
 @postmalone you smoke so many cigs you got the cig emoji by your name on snappy 
 lets smoke somewhere outside 
 i smoke the world out bruh i need to stop 
 my health professor asked us what we did for the superbowl amp this nigga said i smoked amp chilled ....
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoke
 @boycrop or like.. weed extract. its supposed to be safer than smoking but its still a lung irritant. u can also just have vapor wogt
 smokes weed and goes to edm shows a few times fuck yeah man i need to get out to denver asap man i dont belong here man
 bruh only jeffree star would smoke out out of his oil blotting paper .. while his face oil is on it. bye
 lmao when it rains it pours and that cop took my fucking weed
 5 days doesnt seem like that much but it is when youve smoked everyday for the past 2 yrs
 every newport i smoke and every sip of henny i take gives me 5 str
 this whole no car thing blowssssssss i cant remember the last time i smoked 
 when you tell your freshmen to write an essay about a moment that shaped their identity and one writes about smoking weed for the first time
 yo danny amendolas shorty is a fucking smokeeeeee
 you have a newborn baby and smoking weed seriously 
 bron traveled and smoked the lay.
 bron smoked one too lol and he traveled...
 lebron smoked that layup bc he traveled balldontlie
 1st of all he traveled 2nd off he smoked it 
 every time i wanna smoke a cigarette i just think  yellow teeth are not attractive. yellow teeth are not attractive.
  shorty traveled and smoked 
 the only relationship in my life is my bong with my weed. fucking love those two love birds.
 bruh kevin love smoked us man.
 omg bruh traveled and smoke the lay up  
 whoever reads this book im writing is going to think im on all the drugs. theres a massive jeweled bird and a talking face made of smoke.
 isnt weed legal 
 mann bruh im just tryna smoke a blunt rub some booty while she play in my waves and i doze off thats all
 she aint want no smoke on @billmaher the other day tho 
 i think yall still in high school think its cute to smoke and post it on snap every time u smoke .... its not cute u dont look cool
 i need a smoke buddy that lives close 
 tolerance is  so low  still smoke a whole gar
   me and @itsdonperrion just made a new one. smoke somethin.  cashoverclout smartmouf
 @theartsyhoe i only really smoke whenever i go to cleveland.like i will be in about 3 weeks.
 time to smoke now 
 i swear i turn into mrs giggles every time i smoke
 will never join @marriott rewards. they are discriminating against smokers. yeah @hilton n @ihg  for having smoking friendly hotels
 well  midnight is here and im not tired yet. commence the knockout smoke session.
 i cannot smoke until nighttime otherwise ill fall asleep at 5pm and wake up at 11pm and my body thinks its time to go for the next day. 
 one bowl smoke seshs are offensive and a waste of my time
 when someone puts a pic of salad on their snapchat story i think its weed before i open it. every. damn. time.
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked
 shitty day but at least weeds legal.
 dese weed smoking hours
 i smoke two joints in time of peace and two in time of war
 smoking weed amp watching tv. weirdmusik hiphop mondaymotivation
 and i know im not the only pot head who breathes in all extra when they smell that good tumble weed 
 remind to not smoke when im running on 4 hours of sleep and my body is physically worn down bc anxiety.
 i ask my bf if he smoked weed today. he said no. later hes texting me a story amp accidentally mentions him smokin weed 2day. like okayyy.
 idk how many parents have come home from work everyday for years and not at least smoked one blunt
 females only good for buying bs weed   amp rolling thoints lol
 lmaoo niggas brush their hair and smoke blunts on snap
 i swear i rather hang out with her all day just chill  eat  or smoke then be on ft with her most of time 
 i smoke one straight to the face
 2 hours trimming weed loll
 val  can we smoke   me  yeah we can  val  who the fuck do you think you are  
 wash your face  moisturize  brush your teeth  smoke a j amp have a good sleep 
 yall i swear i done listen to @jayytune1k part bout 3 times on nba smoke lbvs
 smokes weed for the first time 
 but no one to smoke with
 next two days off i think that calls for a marijuana kart 8 bender....
 im sorry but there is not one single person fucking with my smokers only playlist
 throw that pussy in my face on the first date bish i havent t ate yeah lets smoke that eighth better not leave a trace
 tolerance is so low still smoke a while gar...
 idk why im not tired i smoke hella indica
 about to be me when i eat this weed brownie for the first time 
 i would never think that i would be the one to say i want to smoke
 bruh is that a cannabis strawberry smoothie  
 time to smoke and forget all the bs
 bring me a lighter ill smoke one witcha
 swear i smoke so much that i wake up with morning sickness
 finns smoke theses blunts and maybe go to school no bs
 ill sir on my ass today smoke almost a whole pack of cigs amp think about what a joke my life it
 @ripemmett lmao im on papers b cant smoke until i go drop
 @potus @nationalsheriff @whitehouse  a lot of the police think that marijuana should be legal  they only do their job make it ez amp legal mmj
 wish i had someone to spark me all the time lol i hate buying weed all the time
 meanwhile  jeff sessions is nominated for atourney general  which poses a threat to minority rights everywhere. also can rollback legal weed
 i be forgetting weed isnt legal recreationally lmao
 and then have the audacity to throw my weed man in jail for 10 years smh  
 does one homework assignment lays in bed smoking weed for the next 6 hours ive earned this
 welcome to tasty tuesday. edibles are buy one get on half priced. students  union members and cannabis workers get 
 @flowverchild imma stop smoking weed forreal forreal  though. cant fuck around with my health like that. pray for 
 i think gchs put weed in our applesauce
 @kfile i like to imagine he emerged dramatically from a trapdoor in the senate floor cue smoke machines
 i had weed right by my nightstand so every time i woke up i smoked myself dumb comatose slept like baba
 not a good time unless i smoke mine  too many drugs that make ya go blind
 @djhoop most bitches in this world smoke something so ig u gone pass up every bitch that does 
 @irunoncrown smoke sumn  go to a new state soon as i fuck em
 my 80 year old professor just told us she is still sexually active and smokes weed
 @laurelmildred @nydailynews youd have to show us the science showing causal relationship to get traction. youre out in the weeds here.
 had to walk out of my midterm because my weed was too stinky and everyone was staring at me 
 it also helps that im actually doing shit with my life now other than school...i literally have to find a good time to smoke
 got no one to smoke one and pour one with me
 when you have no one to smoke with
 when i smoke i be so much happier. forgiving and loving everybody  sometimes..
 every time i would smoke ill sleep the rest of my day away smh
 field full of whiskey  weeds  and wine running on empty but i never got tired of keepin mama up all night and makin daddy want kick my ass
 my criminal justice professor said weed either makes you hungry or sexy
 bouta win and smoke all 14 gs the same night  
 every time i wash clothes i either find weed or money
 without having to smoke so i think thats good.
 i remember when i said i would never touch marijuana i say as i put my edibles in my room 
 hi  youve reached happy time medical marijuana  whos your bud graces moms voicemail 
 why does every single student at evergreen smoke and then take the elevator holy fuck
 my professor straight up just said go smoke crack  yolo justfsuthings
 a high times cannabis festival 
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 i smoke everyday thats that dedication
 i realized why i smoke so much time to change my life
 i smoke bout everyday and ya boy still keeping a 3.1 
 it literally takes me like 4 hours to smoke one bowl if im smoking by myself. amazing
 get off amp smoke one to the face. 
 smoke weed and have a good time
 @stogieloggy smoke one  drink one   pop one
 now that i smoked im tired now but if i keep smoking ill be up all night
 i didnt smoke no grass today  thats because im the one on stage.
 if i dont find weed in mexico  imma cry the whole time there.
 i can get out of my house at 2 am to go smoke and my bf still wouldnt get all crazy and possessive. thats the type of love that i need.
 my fav thing is when @jannaahhhs mans amp my mans link up and make plans for us all to smoke together
 he smokeddiff era ship boardcommitted adultery sinning i do it for god no sin.his father was real crazy jerk asshole  r father 12amp12.
 professor babble sitting is the smoking of the 21st century. unless you smoke  in which case you have a double death wish.
 patients are ditching opioid pills for weed.  
 @gavinnewsom california will go chapter nine within 10 years over this pension monster for public employees. time to weed out sacramento.
 i totally smoked weed with cupid that one time 
 carjacking victim told investigators he was held against his will for more than 12 hours as suspect bought  smoked drugs. more on @wesh at 5
 @pewdiepie smoke weed everyday
 if weeds bad for your memory  how come mines excellent  
 like pizza  weed  feet soaks  face masks  funny movies  in my place  peacefully alone. 
 @awudrick @bankstodd only a  a hippie in california would invent something they did not need  unless was for flattening weed  originally
 break that shit down  roll that shit up   amp smoke it to the face 
 roll my weed time haha
 @imlowkeyfamous a legal marijuana dealermarijuana vending machine  at least thats the only time ive heard it used.
 ima go smoke it to the face man and keep going. today has been frustrating
 @magsdillags no weed didnt but its impotant to b nice 2 him for still offering i guess
 she dont smoke but when she with me she be faded.
 every time i smoke in the car i get ash on me or i burn my self 
 all i do is sit and think about all the girls that curve me and smoke on it
 like this tweet if youve ever done the weed 
 @jvsbe its lit we need to buy some weed before we leave otherwise this drive bouta suck
 nea president vows that there will be no relationship with betsy devos.  teachers  your dues go up in smoke.  
 im officially done with marijuana.
 bitches be trying to pay me in weed. nope. yeah  i smoke but thats insulting. i take my work very seriously.
 just smoke your fucking bowl  i need the bong 
 check this out. stop smoking weed and see how many of your friends still hyu
 @theundeadhearts i put marijuana strains to art 
 its the weed minute
 what if weed was legal everywhere but only from 420 am to 421 am and 420 pm to 421 pm
 one time christine texted me i love you bc she thought she was going to die from over dosing on weed
 if i had all the money i spend on  marijuana id be a million times richer
 i dont know how pregnant women get away with smoking weed because every time i go into the obgyn they take a urine sample 
 you can argue with me all you want  but smoking weed all the time changes a person.
 we definitely need to smoke to wash down that cake
 i live in hempfield. i will happily pay a small pittance for valuable psp protection. 
 who started the stupid statement lets go to the weeds or similar words. makes no sense and you need to stop it.
 our lyft driver literally just smoked us out with a joint  @rubysayswhaaat
 overtime...holy smokes. sports  ladies and gentleman. you just never know.
 if you smoke dont post that shit everyday on your snap. we get it you smoke
 i bought willies reserve weed today  the container is like chew tobacco containers. maybe all past weed was in chew containers
 applied to all the jobs and all the apartments. now its time to smoke all the weed and drink all the beer 
 if you smoke everyday youre an addict. face the facts. dont @ me
 people say well you can abuse marijuana. well shit  you can abuse 
 was this supposed to taste smoked ugh  drinking a big swell ipa by @mauibrewingco @ world of beer   
 done w milds b. finally realized i needed to stop smoking when someone told me i had a smokers cough 
 @chall33 @nickcassella @espnnfl alcohol causes many more health and psychological problems not to mention family issues than weed. fact
 my ass smoke grabba for the first time and wasnt ready
 @domkozacek remeber i smoked one cig one time and you lectured me forever
 im running low on weed but im getting some soon and im having a tough time coming up with a ration plan.
 roll one smoke one
 k smoke weed like its legal again.
 every time i hit this weed its like a ....idk its some shit going on with it tho
 i need to live in a state where marijuana is legal.
 if youve never tried it  smoke weed and listen to vaporwave.
 process that takes like 2 hours total on a bad day  unnecessary smoke breaks every 10 minutes  process ends up taking 3.5 hours.
 if i cant smoke and swear  im fucked
 if you smoke everyday thats cool  just at least have a goal in life. aspire to something great  dont b a bum
 my boyfriend said hes leaving me for a bitch with curly hair amp nice eyebrows that smokes blunts smh can u believe this shit
 i seriously love when elijah and i go outside and smoke a blunt and talk. i will never get tired of that feeling.
  my fav caucasian  i love you boo we need to smoke soon
 all seven of my roommates smoke weed  its fucking great
 every time grandpa would plant weed  grandma would pull it.
 niggas who smoke nun but joints b so boujee like they shit dnt stink 
 aint smoke a joint in 6 months. fk round and burned a nail
 how the hell is it that four loko is legal but weed isnt
 need new smoke buddies
 most i did in the military was smoke a lip blunt when i was overseas  yall hitting the meth lab  jesus christ.
 all i did in the military was smoke a lil blunt  yall going to the whole ass meth lab...christ in heaven.
 i thought id never say this but im fuckin tired of weed  a nigga smoke to much.
 every time i smoke i always end up knocking out when i get home haha
 no seriously u can go back2 ur crybaby scardeycat freebie enabled world ampgo smoke anothr bowl of pot ampescape all 
 if he drinks hennessy  smokes black and milds  wears snap backs he will cheat on you.
 i would show up to work on the day that we do a coffee with a cop event with two 18ths of weed in my backpack...  lifeoftyler
 imagine bringing smoke bombs to a friendly ffs have some shame 
 i would show up to work on the day we have a coffee with a cop event with an 18th of weed in my backpack. 
 time to smoke
 ifiwerepresident  flint would have clean water  cannabis would be federally legalized  amp mental health issues would be taken seriously. 
 why every nigga think his weed is flame
 seems like every time i smoke a black with these long ass nails i drop it
 i let the drugs take my soul  first time i bought some weed i was sold. reup
 @robbierobb nah only when i smoke with dj  bongs bowls papers blunts  same as always bro.
 the analogy of ca defying federal immigration laws is analogous to marijuana law. federal law is enforced everywhere here in spite of ca law
 @cnnbrk but after they fail they sum times go to jail and suffer in jail .. while their so called exs dont have baby at all.. blow smoke
 cleaning out my closet and found my piece... what good are you without weed cmon lil buddy
 to smoke a blunt or to take bong rips to the face  question of the night
 ryanare you still making one weed
 fuck all that shit trash. fuck you. stupid cunts. wasting a bitches time. maybe cus i dont smoke marijuana idk the fuckin logic
 and of course the day i decided to smoke  in my car and not put eye drops in before comin in the house my mom comes to talk to me 
 why do people snap me pictures of bongs and weed like cool dude its probably legal where u are.. i usually snap b 
 everytime i smoke in my the smoke alarm goes off.. y
 everytime i smoke in my the smoke alarm goes off.. y
 @cnnbrk ... there r many that have already said..id rather as a parent have my son out of football and if a smoke bustletgodue2ageworks
 i swear i stopped smoking now when i smoke niggas b getting high off one hit 
 419 swed weed every days
 trippin on bs smokes weed fuck the bs 
 swear it wasnt a good smoke sesh if no one tells abbie to hit the bowl
 yeah i had drink  yeah i smoke
 @jbaileysmom @ringod01 only those smoking weed in colorado think bernie won
 @akirashell @sublife3 cam you smoke a huge bong
 smocks weed one time 
 imagine if u time traveled to 2017 amp heard the sentence im paying 80 dollars to see the chain smokers at a baseball stadium
 well i read my first source time for a smoke break
 i wake up at the same time every morning just to smoke lol
 who can drop the least amount of weed while rolling a joint  lesserknownroadtripgames
 im in a whole twilight. this the last time i smoke before school i promise  
 just spent 50 minutes listening to my psychology teacher tell us why we should all smoke pot weekly. college
 now for some the inhaltion of marijuana is called euhazmat that can lead to certain death based upon ur own modified immune system
 wake up brush my teeth then roll one up for me to smoke
 i would eat bread and butter every single time with jess after we smoked 
 they say i smoke too much but idgaf i wake up every morning screaming roll one up
 who you think taught you to smoke trees
 my hope is that one day cannabis happy hour will be the norm 
 i swear  weed sellers should be giving out w2 forms to their customers. 
 i swear  weed sellers should give out w2 forms to their customers. 
 mitch mann teaches weedens 4th grade about sound  sound waves and local history through music.  @willvaden 
 im not going hard this weekend. im literally going to sit in ur couch smoke my life away and watch law and order 
 i wont knock you out but my weed will
 i roll me one smoke it to face
 its crazy how many fans the smoke got that want to see us fail .
 holy smokes once i start looking at that fries emoji i cant take my eyes of it.
 i cannot finish a whole gar of this weed 
 if you know me you know i have deja vu every time i smoke weed 
 no. all that weed yall should just tax them lmao mexico is ruthless 
 sorrynotsorry to the guy we caught smoking weed on the aqueduct. protip dont do dumb stuff along our running route.
 @mkniu send me ur mf address cuhh i gotchu on a surprise day one time for all those times you smoked me out
 bro im so tired of these part time weed mans
 @dailysanfran stop the ban on drugs marijuana is actually legal it just hasnt dried on the booksyet
 when people become weed heads  they become sluggish  lazy  stupid  and unconcerned that line kills me every time 
 when your bf hides the weed from you so you cant smoke lt
 @micleeeee @davidminpdx roughly 1.5 million drug arrests annually  over a third are for weed.
 @jasonpinter if you do go then weed or beer
 how crazy that we still have to smuggle weed into the country 
 who tryna come smoke in an hour or so
 @realdonaldtrump and if you ever put a person on marijuana against a person on alcohol and compare person on marijuana will win every time
 should probably stop answering with cigarettes every time my coworkers ask me if i smoke lol
 wednesdays featured panino  scamorza toast   smoked mozzarella cheese and pancetta  cooked italian bacon on ar 
 my professor told us that if we are going to consume marijuana we should make brownies
 its cool that mn put rec weed on the table. but we need the federal government to legalize it. many employers only recognize federal law.
 @barstoolradio go to my buddys house all the time  mostly to smoke weed and watch sports though
 california rolls its own cannabis trademark protection 
 i think you should stop smoking weed   good luck in your next relationship
 if you havent ate smoked samurai wings from hooters stop whatever youre doing and go do that now
 me can i deduct the vet bill to treat addie dog for marijuana toxicity if she found it on a running trail accountant ... ... what
 if i ever get arrested for possession of marijuana im punching a cop in the face bc im not going to jail just bc i wanted to get high.
 i think im out of weed to 
 recreational marijuana law proposed in minnesota  legalizeit cannabis unitegreen uniteblue tcot
 recreational marijuana law proposed in minnesota  legalizeit cannabis unitegreen uniteblue tcot
 just smoked this professor in ball
 every time i smoke with some they make my ass roll..
 need a new weed man while mine locked up i got rules dont bring me no bs weed n dont be down the street for a hour
 @capitolcurrents lots of military smoke to relieve stress amp military service starts at 18.  home from deployment to oregon amp are criminals
 yeah buddy cool g wagon but hmu when u drive a 07 pontiac that sounds like a weedwhacker
 my cat smokes crack. i needa ship this how to rehab.
 my little cousin smoked weed for the first time and this is how its going 
 my mama just ran my pockets cuz she thought i had weed
 is getter starting a weed club or a riddim collective  im way confused
 found 3 lighters  a shit ton of hemp rope  and my fav chopstick. its a good day 
 yeah bitch i smoke vor e  do you even smoke vore  high off that vore  faded off that good vore  roll that vore
 i remember this one time... i was smoking a lot of weed  my professor
 bruh my cousin called me just for me to smoke him out
 some times i roll weed up fa no reason
 probably bc when you grow up you realize everything you were taught about marijuana is bs
 the handyman fixed our light and then handed us a nug and said here  go smoke yourselves a bowl ive g2g
 my aunt comes in as im grinding my weed and just questions my whole existence
 i hate when newbies want to be able to smoke more  dude i wish i was still a one hit wonder literally celebrate when my tolerance goes down
 blow smoke everyday for all my lost ones and foes locked up 
 every time i smoke a joint i add 17 more minutes to my life
 ...so when she said she was down to smoke weed wit me for the first time  my heart filled with joy. im filming this.
 @buffguy good thing youre dating me before i become a famous organic weed growerlawyer
 smoking weed like its legal  traplivesmatter chickenseason onlythechicken 
 event menu favorite eggplant chilaquiles with smoked tomato sauce. groupmenu eventmenu 
 yeah  im both yeah  i had a drink  yeah  i smoked yeah  you think i need you  but i dont..
 smoke weed everyday
 @madlabsvapor not exactly sure  but over ten months without a single smoke
 i cant tell you the last time i smoked anything  im doing good 
 idk but if your 22 amp you still live with your mama amp all you do is sit on your ass and smoke weed all day your a piece of shit.
 looking forward to going home  smoke and pray for a snow day 
 i dare you try and touch legal weed @jeffsessions
 youre stupid as fuck if u still think that just because someone smokes pot that they cant be productive with their life
 @smokeynobandit @iammrcarson pass that weed over here bruh lol
 if youre gonna snap you smoking inhale the fucking smoke bitch
 so glad that in 2017 we have an attorney general who was a kkk supporter until he found out they smoked weed
 the kkk were ok until they smoked pot.   united states attorney general.
 the kkk were ok until i found out they smoked pot.   united states attorney general.
 tolerance is so low  still smoke a whole gar menage on my birthday tap out on the first stroke
 stop in and see us  we have all your cannabis needs  @ green valley wellness 
 i swear to god i had a drug test once and all of a sudden since i couldnt smoke they didnt find a reason to hang 
 finally i found my legendary boss fight. yeah i can smoke that like a boss. 
 not likely no more legal weed 
 oregon bill makes it illegal for employers to bar workers from consuming weed in offhours  unitegreen  tcot
 oregon bill makes it illegal for employers to bar workers from consuming weed in offhours  unitegreen  tcot
 my mom co worker found out i smoke and blessed a nigga with 5 grams for free 
 i think me amp my niggass the only people who drop weed  lol i swear too god
 @sweetatertot2 @rlh2606 please  i  pocahontas elizabeth warren have smoked many liberal chiefs peace pipes  to get to where im at 
 pull up dog ill smoke ur ass think im playin 
 one time this teacher tried to tell me you can overdose on weed and i was like no...
 yeah i had a drink yeah im smoked
 i think im cheech  i think im chong. i got my weed  i got my bong.
 just happened to snap this snail buddy today while weeding  and now i discover @nhmla is soliciting pics for 
 it might come across as cheesy but serious shoutout to @ladyweetly for being my rock in not buying smokes anymore. three years next month
 money long like lil uzi  got 50 in the uzi  smoke yo ass like a loosie
 i smoke a fatty like that everyday... 
 bouta smoke this dub
 guess blowing your vape smoke in a chicks face is the new thing
 so we all know i suffer horribly from my asthma and im always one 4 meds but someone recommend smoking that ganja lol what any insight
 smoke weed everyday. 
 im just assuming every nigga that sell weed on the eastside locked up
 when you feel the weed start to hit and someone knocks one your door criminalminds 
 @sierradallas the 2 big ones almost look like smokey and diesel.. so i think that means you need the little one. 
 super bowl party with ganja jerk chicken  jerk shrimp  last but not least. the vegan jerk 
 i watch kid cannabis almost everyday.
 yeahhhhhh yall officially lost me with this weed shit now  
 can drug dealers stop acting so serious about weed lmao literally no one cares
 so yeah if youre depressed  ttpsen.wikipedia.orgwikifluvoxamine and weed if that doesnt work message me d
 i swear these the ones i cant smoke with lol 
 @tweak626 @xlmarine @sgtmorgan811 @kenburgess01 someone tell mad dog to release the new roe fuck its time to smoke some goat fuckers
 sighhhhhh all i can do is smoke when i feel like ppl are tired of listening
 also require every adult to smoke one weed a day at night
 jen and randy just smoked 4 blunts in less than an hour what the fuck
 alanas mom thinks i smoke weed 
 what happened to ur project  umm i was setback  by smoking weed while dieting
 the nigga say cuz we on too amp we smoke goop every single daaayyy  moe im fuckin dead 
 im practicing self control  because at this time i wanna eat odee smoke odee and tweet odee stupid shit  i think im doing well lol
 i smoke cigs amp grass 258 amp never have a fuckin lighter why
 tired of folk thinking im blowing smoke when i say shit.
 i have one hour to smoke as much pot as i can before its kaputo for the night because surgery in the am
 i have a blunt in my money bag and every time i open it all u can smell is weed
 but nah yasiel wanna go big on us   got a whole upgrade. hell smoke us every race 
 i cant testify too many times about how cannabis has saved my life. without it opioids would have been my death. staylifted
 or smoke. either one 
 attorney gen on the kkk they were okay until i found out they smoked pot  but he says he was taken out of context. so.. theres that.
 me at work every fucking time we smoke 
 cop on the other side of the freeway  car music plays in background me its too loud friend yeah u should lower the mus... me the weed 
 everyday i say ima smoke a wood and sit down and watch a movie amp i never do i always end up on this phone then sleep
 i dont smoke. amp if i did smoke i wouldnt smoke a blunt i would hit the bong one time and sleep my problems away bye 
 i smoked and within 5 minutes i looked in the mirror and slapped my face cuz i thought my freckle was a bug
 i know. i smoked a j on the boulevard many times
 without hard work  nothing grows but weeds.  gordon b. hinckley 
 lol tarahannon grapes and smokestacks 
 ive finished the weeds series 4 times now.... still not tired of it 
 its my roll weed time
 alex and i smoke and do the dirty every night  i think thats why im so happy lol
 @foxnews the potus need to start with the drugs in colorado.if weed is illegal. shit right in your face. law and order
 when you smoke for the first time 
 how many times must i see this pic  its not weed guys lol 
 smoke weed everyday 
 co  ca  or  wa  if youre in the weed business  be careful.  sessions will put on a big show of harassing you.
 @gavinnewsom its time to clean house in ca politics and weed out the grifters like newsom and de leon and actually put honesty back in sac.
 is it wrong that i pray then go smoke weed
 maybe i should smoke then pray
 pisses me off that weed is legal in mass and im still getting fined up in nh
 where marijuana is legal in the us 
 if you think millenials are mad at @justintrudeau over ditching electoral reform  wait til he bails on legal marijuana.
 @govmarkdayton  you compare cannabis to alcohol  but one is legal in minnesota amp soon will be sold on sundays. you are killing your legacy.
 bouta smoke a fatass java fuck backwoods
 if i smoked cigs i would probably smoke them thru my ass cuz i dont wanna stain my teeth
 watching a weed documentary in class... hell yeah
 starting to wake up early everyday and i havent smoked in forever  whose mans am i 
 legalize marijuana  tax it. put tolls on the state borders. 
 @senwarren go beat your squirrel covers somewhere else  fauxahauntess. no one wants to hear you fake smoke signals
 snowed in smoke a blunt and handle business on the computer that youve been procrastinating on.
 time to smoke 
 stop in today for real backyard barbecue amp awardwinning ribs. freshly smoked amp grilled to perfect. cincyeats 
 im goin out by the lake to smoke a blunt for break and i swear it doesnt matter how many times i do this a week i still get so excited lol
 @silencedhippie can i buy just your hemper box without actually subscribing like a one time purchase lol
 history says the founding fathers were hempfarming theisits that slept with their slaves. dosent get more liberal than that. marijuana
 i said  trump will reverse the weed trend if he can  for his pharma buddies. trump voter said no  he will totally legalize ...  really
 i know weed festivals r still not easy to put on. locations r hard 2 get cuz the neighborhood dont like weed. but still 5 countys in da bay
 @tjmommyy dont remind me his stupid ass was hiding he smoked for 2 years.
 .@citizensfedup remember folksgetting more jobs dts promise is his smoke amp haze.hes only making billionaires ri 
 its not a smoke sesh unless cody drops his lighter 
 poppin pills smoke a wood to da face
 the face of a man who smoke all mf day .. but power nap often  
 @jeffsessions make weed legal n ill dismiss the plethora of racist remarks youve stood behind over the years
 i think i shall eat a weed brownie and have a unicorn bath  
 as i snap back to reality  smoke out all the mysteries
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked
 so sad i live in a state that demonizes weed so much. its not that serious
 the day marijuana is legal for recreational use is the day ill feel safe to drive around everyday
 obama deported two million people. i did not know any of them. ur wondering why i did not protest. thats why. its all a smoke screen.
 when the girl walking in front of you keeps blowing cigarette smoke in your face 
 dowden just told us hes never smoked before but hes gonna start since its legal
 legal heroin in pain pills  legal meth in add medsamp cannabis is schedule 1 stop this fake drug war @realdonaldtrump @usfda reschedule now
 limes and weed dont knock it til youve tried it. 
 @heartbreakveezy smoke sumn
 bouta smoke  vibe out and create
 legalize marijuana  i am going to fight for that cause i love it 
 so who tryna smoke im sparking 
 worked out showered had some eggs whites apple cider vinegar and now we smoke 
 when you smoke every day and actually run out of weed  
 same thing i do every time i smoke a fat blunt chilllllllll 
 @illeonredmanl i smoke a yeezy every month if that helps. not a pair  just one shoe.
 stop 4. look familiar used to be quality packers smokehouse. lupe limon is now running the show at this location. 
 @carlyshort i swear lol. pretty sure like 2 minutes of smoke rolled out of their nose...
 get you a man who tells you im so proud of you when you tell him you smoked at work for the first time nerd
 @shadaeeeee go after that hollywood brat bastard. his brother is a nice kid. what the fuck happened to this dick weed mommy s boy
 @soldierlovesme  @policelover22  he smoken hot but taken ladies his mine .. i love him so much
 im convinced ms duffy smokes weed everyday
 @albertv48885109 @lizaxrowe @princeyahshua @dogfartnetwork dont  smoke blunts. u r not supposed to inhale cigar wraps
 one of my fav joints of all time   by @alboges  that summer all i did was fuck bitches and smoke l under the ac
 i always got weed under my nails...
 if you smoke weed youre not a good person. spread the news 
 @billmaher  wake sleeping giant usa when trumps unconstitutional crimes reach the nixon point. smokers are officially herb narco terrorists
 anyone else remember when lana del rey literally stopped her performance @ coachella to smoke a bowl legendary
 handle any situation. smoke joints to the face to stay motivated @xdannyxbrownx
 my sustainability development professor put a picture of weed in the power point and said think green  dont smoke it lol
 these bitches r pregnant amp still smoke amp drink
 @senrobportman @potus oh my  you might be target of career destroying tweet vlad and bannon will be so upset. smoke and miirrors senator.
 dude fuck my bf finessed me for all my lighters  how am i supposed to smoke dis bowl
 @zammnma yeah but hes all for weed he just dont want it smoked in his house...fuckin annoying
 my nigga your morning meeting could be to smoke  like ill get up for that 8 oclock
 @senschumer you want to smoke one or whatever .realize you are a narco terrorist to trumpgop etc.trump the chinese say a man is his secrets
 @chrissamnee love me some classic logan  i see him eating that smoke at some point lol
 bitches stop smoking weed amp all of a sudden talk down on it like they werent sucking dick for dubs back in the day
 bobbianns mom on the phone be happy  drink beer  smoke weed everyday
 i get a u smoke everyday maybe 3 times a day
 my squad leader was smoking 3 cigarettes at one time and just threw up right in front of me  then continued to smoke the same 3 jacks.
 fuck bubbles i blow smoke
 how many blunts do you smoke in a day from the time you wake up till you gts  answer it
 we get it  you smoke weed. you dont have to make a post on sc every single time you do. 
 i smoke everyday 
 was going to get ready for a date  but smoked a joint and put on sweatpants  expecting to only be five minutes  but now im unmotivated.
 i swear half the kids in high school school would never smoke weed  if they couldnt post it on vscco or snap.
 i swear half the kids in high school wouldnt smoke weed if they couldnt put it on vsco or the snap.
 group pushes for medical marijuana in indiana bill gets to senate floor for first time 
 its 420 ish somewhere smoke something 
 i still question daily how alcohol is legal but weed isnt
 swear i done smoked like 8 strains never heard of before  
 i swear half the kids in high school wouldnt smoke weed if they couldnt post on vsco or the snap.
 i guess youre just a habit i cant break  cause every time i see your face  i need one more toke  just like second hand smoke
 my dad tries to cook but the smoke alarm goes off everytime lol
 this should be legal everywhere. period. cannabis over chemicals any day for me 
 this has happened to every smoker before  
 my fav spot to smoke is the lake ...
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing at @lefthandbrewing  
 we were interviewed by chicagotribune about how cannabis consumers can find love 
 when you go from laughing to wanting to put your head through a wall  its time to have a smokey and hit the hay.
 if i ever went to jail cause of some weed i would b sick...
 smoke weed drink lean yeah we never stay sober.
 its time for me to smoke again 
 you tell a weed head his weed trash and he will fight you like you talked about his mama
 you tell a weed head his weed trash and he will fight you like you talked about his mama
 she dont smoke but every time she wit me we be faded
 beholdeth thine blunt that we hence smoke with dem boyz @allstartswithn
 literally me every single time i smoke 
 high on legal marijuana
 @tiffysniffs put every fruit on pizza  weed out the weak
 @realdonaldtrump sir  sessions spit in the face of millions of chronically ill who are in need of med marijuana. grownups in dc  april 2016
 one time i smoked weed and i got stuck in the zone for about 2 hours and my senses were ridiculous.
 shameless drinking game take a sip every time lip smokes a cig
 @pervertedcreep every serious smoker i know whos done it comes back definining it as an allencompassing too fucking much
 yeah im bout to smoke lll
 valentines day is in 5 days...i have 5 days to either think about spending money on this weed or this gift
 if i could hang out with one person for a day i think it would be @ochocinco beat him a few times in fifa  smoke a cigar or two.
 i sound like im a heavy smoker every time i wake up
 fav this to smoke me out
 fav to smoke me out
 yall supposed drug dealers weed men or whatever the fuck dumb as hell if you post  that bag on line.
 swear toian be wasting weed
 @pewdiepie smoke weed every
 @pewdiepie smoke weed everyday
 when its your first time smoking weed 
 @scotchtayp8 agree... think he spent too much time with the reefer
 fuck yaaa weed  i got my own smoke
 ryder amp big smoke from gta sanandreas taught me you cant trust not 1 soul lol
 our new attorney general at one point supported the kkk until he heard some of its members were using marijuana.
 b lets smoke then talk bout shit thats abstract
 this is how we start blackberry smoke... @ varsity theatre  baton 
 im so frustrated lmao time to smoke
 shout out to the guy who smokes me out every time i deliver to him
 if youve smoked like twice that doesnt mean u smoke right
 yea just going to smoke this one out
 u know ill smoke da whole world bout ya 
 yeah  people lie  numbers wont keep me high  drugs is close roll one up  pour a cup watch the world go up in smoke
 boy ill never forget that time russ was like mrs. claire smoke a pack of cigarettes everyday
 if chris asks me one more time if i smokevape or drink i will riot. i have told you twice already stop asking
 s2g whenever i dont have weed or alcohol no ones my friend lmao
 @strategicthghts @terimooring his explanation is compelling amp enlightening.  reinforces what many of us believe was liberal smoke blowing
 when you having a long day and you roll up some weed but then realize you dont have a lighter 
 cps what happened in that pom charge me i got caught with weed on me wtf do you think happened
 i really couldnt date someone that smoked everyday  just couldnt  such a waste of time amp money to me... once in a while ok but everyday 
 lol wassup wit this hoe she stupid aint it.. i gotta explain every little point to her and break it down like its some weed 
 lol at the one summer when people used my backyard to smoke every night...i had a new bong every week becuse people got sloppy.
 cant have a chick that smoke as much as i do. ..hell naaa
 if you were honored to smoke any of my bongs. you know.
 @dojikkomeido yeah  that ive been smoking weed everyday for months
 @ad31 happy b day my son u dont smoke though
 dont drop the weed in the bath hannah...
 all i do is smoke  workout  study  and play 2k on a daily basis
 @axajii @mythfroggy @dayys7 your ep is literally named after weed lol
 @fbonacci @wutangcannabis well hey wu  i was thinking  if states can force feds to explain stupid laws  can co get weed dispensation
 have a good day from the team @ smoke sum bbq.   paul  vince  erica and patty
 time to log off for some me time...im not going to let this fucked up world bother me  im above all of it and can see thru smoke goodday
 i was going to get my bf weed for valentines day but he stopped smoking
 yeah   but weed makes me high  ijs 
 my man tell me his dawg need some weed so i go to the crib and guess who open the door. the missing leg mf lol
 every time i ask my mamma for some money she think im going to buy some weed lol 
 said every smoker ever  
 if u roll one up imma roll one too. oh u say u dont smoke well thats all that we do
 @crumbskull i prescribe for you weed amp pinball  fred for some dumb reason. dumb fart dr.  doctoring your fart problems with weed
 @gasoperated300 hell yeah almost everything is more lethal and addictive than weed.
 im going to invent a device that allows u to smoke blunts in ur room without ur mom bitching
 im finna just start buying a 3.5 every time . going back n fourth to the weed is getting outrageous
 mom stopping for a smoke @ intersection of us 301 and lake street in lawtey  fl 
 @bonnhere @washingtonpost @msnbc it just saves us a lot of time. when the whole garden is full of weeds you plow it under amp plant a new one.
 i literally moved to colorado for the women weed and weather  yeet 
 how do you sell weed without knowing what strain youre selling
 smoke weed everyday
 i literally go to class  work  smoke and talk to my bf all day.
 10 says some hippie is trying to smoke a blowfish right now. 
 a weed newbies guide to legal marijuana  via @motherboard sharingiscaring sister fucktrump 
 @abc oh yeah and legalizing weed is a good thing.  joke
 i want a front seat show and a smokey bar with drink specials all night 
 swear all i need is beer and weed and im good
 yeah i had a drink   yeah i smoked  yeah you think i need you but i dont
 california seeks advisers on marijuana rules 
 lmao my weed mans got a new shorty every time i see him
 when she on snap talmbout she high as fuck but her previous three snaps she aint inhale no smoke. 
 @bennythesnitch @foxnews @potus unbelievably this many liberal idiots born without brains  must be the pot they smoke
 first time smoking weed while renting garfield kart 
 cant breathe. been three weeks and id like my running and energy back. @ the everett clinic  smokey point 
 when someone takes your lighter and then pulls it out the next time yall smoke 
 swear i put weed in everything lmfaoooooooo
 perks of working for my uncles smoke shop that is next door to his tattoo shop i see all the flash sales b4 they go public 
 @claytravis you ever go to college at gw with smokeshows like this 
 @thefive bob  we dont care what the wall costs. at this point  it must be built to protect us blow your smoke somewhere else
 i burnt the shit out of my finger with a lighter and my mom laughed at me and said good thing you arent a smoker
 glacier point. still that smoke witch stayed all day but an incredible view and a really 
 @ryyudo 3 smoke weed every day
 all my cousins in pennsylvania think im crazy and smoke weed on the beach everyday  i wish. 
 @ryyudo i smoked weed.  every day.
 just going to smoke a blunt and continue my day as if my life wasnt just like something out of a fucking drug movie.   vegas is crazy.
 lets doctor know im pregnant  them have you smoked  drank any alcohol  or taken any illegal drugs within the last 30 days 
 @albinohorse over a million iirc more like 2 million insurance jobs would disappear in a puff of smoke. obama feared taking that on.
 fav album to smoke to hyperview  title fight
 @melaniemaxwell holy smokes  people. it worked snowmoon 
 i know chase get tired of seeing me every 10 secs for some weed
 craving a berry hemp acai bowl
 buying weed is fucking dreadful. bouta start growing my own shit 
 this guy snaps the weed hes growing amp im watching him fuck it up its so funny lol
 if weed legal why do yall still continue to smoke dick
 @iamthechipthief bork weed everyday
 what dumbass drops the weed in the first place lol 
 my mom told me i need to stop smoking  everyday cause thats not a good life to live. bitch says who  you need to smoke everyday.
 kitchen clean bout to get me a bubble bath  smoke one and call it a night 
 taje so unreliable moe lmaoo  takes 20 years to respond. im just trying to smoke
 my brother just told me he goes outside every time his gf takes a shower to smoke  he has a whole strategy.. its hilarious
 ignore how ugly i am for taking a vid of me vaping but seriously i cant stop fucking laughing at the smoke only co 
 @modsun my dream is to smoke with you one day
 i smoke when i drink  its tradition
 @harrybuffalooh how is it legal to smoke wgarage doors closed thought days of having to wash everything after going out was over.
 cause im a pimp when i drink so i limp when i walk i drag my feet but when i smoke i just side defy the laws of gravity
 drinking a smoke wheat everyday. cheers to the weekend  marias weekend drinks 
 how many alcohols have u smoked today
 reminiscing about  other being able to smoke 
 if you like to smoke weed i suggest you get to co asap
 literally all i do at school is smoke amp do work ..
 federal bill would allow states to determine marijuana policy  legalizeit cannabis unitegreen uniteblue tcot
 federal bill would allow states to determine marijuana policy  legalizeit cannabis unitegreen uniteblue tcot
 literally lol at people that think you cant be a successful smoker. you lost af and im sorry for you. 
 im about to fight this bitch she just blew her cigarette smoke in my face 
 my mom deadass think i fucking smoked .
 3rd attempt to smoke weed in a 3 or 4 month time frame and happy to share every attempt proved it not my thing anymore
 when you and your bf had a shitty day at work so he smokes you out and buys delivery and spends the night
 every time i smoke 
 nobody have to fight you to off weed any rehab
 everyone can smoke my penis tonight im takin a bubble bath and meditating
 you know its kind of a holy trinity  between the people who think smoking weed  parenting  and reading harry potter are personality traits.
 lmao stupid ass kid has a full ride amp hes letting people record him smoking weed. i swear sometimes people dont have a brain.
 literally smoked all my cousins out at a family gathering lt33
 how do they not know what a adios or liquid marijuana drinks are in new york
 boy i swear @nba2k has an update every other motherfucking night like nigga i just worked 13 hours i just wanna smoke drink and hoop fml
 i hate cigarettes now because i know that whenever i decide to smoke one im a lil depressed.
 cigarettes and alcohol are legal  but weed isnt
 a group gather around the practice room and smoked weed  one got a handjob  and there was a fight. all in an hour. 
 i literally smoke to it think and be happy and it helps with my insomnia
 the only fun memory i have from freshman year is when i went to go smoke in the janitors room and they were cool with it
 even when i smoke alone i still somehow lose the lighter
 im out of weed ... at least i wont be going to class high now
 @gasoperated300 man im sorry to hear that. i buried my best friend a month ago because of alcohol. he preferred to smoke
 its possible to smoke marijuana on a daily or weekly basis and still have yourtogether.
 thats why i smoke my weeed yall b buggin.
 im about to smoke wd in the bath like the totally bonkers outof control free spirit i aspire to be
 im going to get lifted  dopest cannabis  food  art  amp music event ever free entry check it out on eventbrite. 
 bruh i need to smoke 
 do you think when weeds legal people will bumb blunts
 @caticooney smoke one 
 @deezytyw smoke one 
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked ... yeah you think i need you but i dont
 @billmaher you say you read books in college. but you cant remember anything in them because of all the marijuana smoke.
 5 different riders today have smoked me out. thats one hell of a welcome colorado
 he threw away my weed and bowl but its all good i got a one time pass greatful blessed
 almost time to get off and workout and smoke 
 shorty said weed was a date rape drug so its no way women would be turning down sex after smoking it if in fact it 
 i smoke everyday 
 im on my grind for the day.. wake up smoke pray and think
 upgrade time. hope i dont let out the magic smoke. 
 bruh lol do yall know what the fuck a date rape drug is... for one weed cant b a date rape drug if you willingly hit the blunt
 what if you could sit down with a down ass person and tell each other literally every sin and fuck up youve made and just smoke it off
 am i the only one who thinks its rude to smoke a cigarette while going through the drive thru
 no more injecting marijuanas and alcohol at the same time.
 i am proud to announce that delivery of ganja roots and health. will start every thursday march 
 liquid marijuana is officially my favorite drink. soo good 
 @cowgirlpal @msnbc 3rdly 90 000 christians were killed by those bastards just last year. 1 every 6 minutes. put that in your pipe amp smoke it
 i live by little rock  ar and i think my variety of lawn weed is all of them.  small flowering plants of every variety. @photodm
 @drewpog yeah i copped a gram and rolled up two joint with a roar tip smoked smooth asf the live resin was insane stupid see through
 ive been pretending the lawn is prettier with weeds for too long. they just grow soooo fast so mowing is endless. @photodm
 has anyone seen @klemp smoker missing  
 this is nonsense. why not enforce sodomy laws  what about enforcing federal marijuana laws in colorado  oregon  ca 
 its really a principle thing . the first time it happened and you smoked my entire blunt   i let it slide ..
 whenever i smoke a blunt and drink coffee im literaly invincible
 whenever i smoke a blunt and drink coffee im literaly invincible
 no one be smoking with me so i just smoke alone 
 i smoked so many blunts dis morning an it aint een 12 oclock 
 yeah im both  yea i had a drink amp i smokeee
 its way more girls i could have had if i smoked b
 imneverlonelywhen im listening to music and smoking weed
 my manager just said he couldnt wait to go home and smoke 5 blunts. im literally dying  i love my job. sometimes. 
 yeah  im both  yeah  i had a drink  yeah  i smoked yeah  you think i need you  but i dont
 dats all i can smoke for rn up here my son nd ur fava taught uu to respect ur elders didnt i  
 smoke. pray. sleep. pray. smoke.  
 every time i smoke i wake up the next day regretting it 
 im smoking every weed in the world when i get home
 its smoke somewhere  
 if i didnt smoke weed  i promise you i would be in jail rn lmaoooo
 i need to smoke so i can stuff my face some more
 me every time i hear someone complaining about people who smoke lmfao fuck you guys 
 when u wanna smoke a blunt but ur bf is at work amp he is literally the only person u know in cabot
 i know the last time was tainted with excessive alcohol consumption and thats just not the way to smoke for the first time
 cant wait til i smoke my mom out for the first time. 
 but in the mean time  ill smoke this blunt
 happy bday g lets smoke one whenever u free @masterroshi21
 when your hubby wakes up the baby just to bug him and then leaves you to deal with the crying because he has to weed the yard right now 
 literally going to hit it until i pass out and cant smoke any more weed
 i go through my weed wayyyy too fast
 sitting in smokeys and take on me comes on the radio and all i can think of is @trentbarny singing it in class everyday
 mama said leave weed alone but i think i need it thooooooough 
 psa ppl are tired of seeing every single blunt you smoke amp every shot you take on snapchat  please tell me you do something else w ur life
 woke up w these items in my pocket lighter  headphones  a nug of weed  one single piece of extra gum
 also scammed my way to a free joint by an old fashioned trade of giving him literally scraps of weed and making him feel stupid
 beautiful day to play and smoke.....and drink with your crew golf shank rockypatel sungrown 
 if you go full sober from weed and brews  do you think that you will actually go insane and spite everyone around you just because
 yeah im both  yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked  you think i need you but i dont 
 when youre about to smoke and you realize you dont have a lighter
 when youre about to smoke and realize you dont have a lighter
 i always leave my house at this time cuz you know its a smoke break lol
 foe nem talm bout swimming after we smoke 
 i smoke gass all day ay i cant feel my face ay
 invest in marijuana the case for the legalization of weed  my last story for energy amp resources digest.
 invest in marijuana the case for the legalization of weed  my last story for energy amp resources digest.
 the day i finally get to smoke one with @zromocitydon and play my music for him ill feel almost completed in life
 this duck is in front of me and my smokes going in its face lol i wonder if its getting high
 how do bath amp body workers feel about the 15 year olds who come in to cover up the smell of marijuana
 it be takin me two hours to get up and smoke
 yeah i smoke a lot but at least i got my life together. 2 jobs full time nursing student  bills paid  im doing good. so worry about you 
 last time my wife @legsamilelong saw @tonystewart live he won his first nascar championship lets go smoke 
 i only smoked two times and it wasnt all that .... i need a b yo 
 adultingisapain man what a crazy day everyone and their mom came to roll smokes today.  so glad i can sit down and take a breath
 only relationship ive been in recently is with weed. it hasnt let me down. thats the only relationship i foresee.
 @prbayport into the legal marijuana industry now  invest pennystock stockmarket
 tell me why this boy smoked 5 bowls  2 joints  6 blunts and took a bong hit before his match 
 omg  my fav weed man say he quit selling  whyyyyy ohh why
 am i the only one who doesnt smoke weed
 im finna cop 2 gs and smoke by my damn self bruh
 smoke weed  pass all my classes  work 40 hours a week
 i hate those black people that smoke weed and show guns on snap everyday
 for the first time in 8 months  i said the words i love texas today.. i was referring to the fact that its legal to smoke indoors
 i wish i was a smoker  be high asf all the time ...but no i like to get stupid drunk than puke amp wake up half dead
 big smoke at the lake
 its cat pee and weed night.
 thats classic big smokey 
 how can anyone just get high all day long every time i smoke im on the floor laughing asking for fuckin chicken wings
 me amp joey literally cant smoke ever wo one of us dropping the blunt at least one time
 when you faded faded af at a restaurant and hear someone say that it smell like weed. 
 everytime i smoke . i get sleepy 
 boul smokes one time and doesnt know how to act 
 bored at the pad all a lone guess ill smoke to pas the time
 bouta smoke before i go in .
 every time i smoke with jefe he takes my lighter 
 its time for a smoke break lol
 link lets smoke sumn
 that weed b smoking 
 dont get a fucken bf who picks weed over you
 smoke weed everyday.
 @bmichael9x yeah the bars i frequent there super divey bloomfield spots  still let you smoke
 but for real all yall do is drink henny and smoke black and milds and get sweaty in clubs every weekend
 @swansonerik @thejeepmafia  i take food just as serious as i do mopar this was gouda  provolone  muenster amp smoked cheddar on wheat
 if you take dexter  desperate housewives x weeds  walking dead... you get @netflix santaclaritadiet with @drewbarrymore.
 lol a nigga could at least bring gars if he aint got no weed 
 i just bought legal fucking weed
 if you smoke a dart  you have to put cream on your hands and brush your teeth  @abieuuz
 if yall want ur kids swallowed and u smoke  my roomate is free  hit her up lil bruh bruh
 @billmaher lets smoke out. 
 lifes a trip sometimes  so i smoke up at times  because there are no bad times  when all your time is spent faded
 always good chatting with @timgriffinbig12 our postgame bbq talk got me craving some smoked meats. its not burnt e 
 5a first round  harris co @ starrs mill maynard jackson @ cedar shoals  jones @ statesboro lithonia @ villa rica  union grove @ n hempstead
 when ur high do u ever look at ur tweets sober and think i sound high when i wrote that bc thats me every time i smoke
 wanted to do something tonight amp got offered to fish  smoke  drive 2 hours  or to gamble. i think im gunna take a nap instead 
 i smoke all day   everyday .. b coming in sooo high   amp idgaf 
 im just fenna cop a half and smoke til i knock out
 in really about to go out of my way to buy a red bull bc this weed gmfu
 i dont think ill ever go to rehab for weed   my feelings towards weed is its a plant grown from the natural earth
 every guys face when they find out i smoke cigs now 
 all those things are needed when a convenient store opens up too.  relax  bruh. just say you want legal weed and st 
 bouta take a shower  smoke  amp gts
 i love how he still hits it like fuck you motherfucker said i could smoke 
 smoke weed everyday lmao
 yea  i smoked crack once and it happened 
 every time i tell a guy that i dont smoke he instantly stops fwm  it never fails 
 bout to smoke for the first time in 5 months 
 you dont hit me up no other time  but im supposed to take you to get some weed and you cant give me some gas money foh.
 internal battle do i smoke all of my weed so i can quickly and easily fall asleep or do i not bc my throat is fucking sore help
 @anwoclass smoke arisu everyday
 17.5 billion in 1991 dudley i couldnt smoke a million dollars worth of cocaine or did i
 my aunt said the house is been quiet all day and my cousin said buy some weed it will get loud.
 magnolia canned beer is coming to south bay whole foods at feb 17 @ smokestack at magnolia brewing 
 themyou dont need weed to have a good time  us uh yeah we do we need a whole bunch of it lol like frfr @drugsdotcum
 bruh this lady wild bruh... bruh  my weed 
 after work smoke sesh with kai never gets old 
 this bitch @blveacid dont want to go out and would win some weed   stupid ass 
 would you agree that marijuana should remain in the same drug class as heroin
 @daviddobrik why does dom sell weed isnt it legal in cali...
 every time i smoke its for my people gone 
 get yourself out of the weeds every now and then. watch the video gt  
 when youre about to do something stupid and then weed saves you from making that mistake 
 tbh i smoke so much like damnnnn my high doesnt last long or it takes a lot to get me faded lol but everyone says i always look faded 
 no one up to smoke
  was great . nw self time mood tired of it . fuccit smoke a couple then bed for wrk in 
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoke
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoke
 i dont like the fact that i gotta wear eye drops every time i smoke 
 yo they got so many joints in rotation. like damn i done smoked like 100 times im good.
 protip start smoking so you can take smoke breaks and work less. the time it takes off your life wouldve been spent working  so why not
 time to smoke a bowl 
 i remember when weed was illegal.  person from washington state. 
 idk why but i have strong urges to play wolvdoomvergil in mvc3  urienguileakuma in sfv. smoke in mkx. batmang in inj  jago in ki
 i get scared when my manager starts gassing me up cuz i assume hes going to ask me to smoke him out
 im just tryna get this  make this music amp smoke so i need a shorty on the same page
 its not just black people in jail for marijuana lol 
 @docdeason  where is all the smoke blowing in from been pretty crazy last 2 days
 so yeah that forecast for next weekend means i might have to bust out the smoker
 legal weed in the 251 
 tell me why i joined the buy and sell page for baton rouge on facebook and someone is selling weed on it lmaooo
 everyday i gotta wake up and smoke one for unk
 to do good work one must eat well  be well housed  have ones fling from time to time  smoke ones pipe  and drink ones coffee in peace.
 im going to smoke this whole bong in under 2 minutes. watch me.
 somewhere in the corner under clouds of marijuana
 literally the reason i smoke 
 @sinsibility one day the country will be unified about something politicians did together legalize marijuana gop dem
 my only goal this year is to make 6 figures  keep drinking beer and smoking weed. yeah im on the right track.
 you ever hit the weed and it takes over youre entire mind amp soul.......im fried boo
 @tmacc i do respect him.. sorry i think after 3 years we should be traveling and having an apartment not wasting all the money on weed
 @strazboy hppay birthday bro im bouta smoke a fat one for you rn dead ass
 man can we just fuck all day. no seriously like all day. 5 minutes smoke increments and thats it
 yeah smoke crack 
 i swear i need like a candle in my car because it never stops smelling of marijuana stupid cloth seats 
 is weed legal in this stupid ass state yet
 free whoever thats in jail for marijuana possession
 can my brother leave so i can fucking smoke damn
 ive spent my student loan money on weed too many times  but cant go back now
 every time the yellow smoke clears. shoutout to @houstonfiredept for being so cool  trustinbanko    @iampsdnym 
 @chanteaaaj they do it every single day tho like we get it you smoke
 of course if a mf smoke 7 blunts a day they gon be stupid
 moms think she slick stealing a blunt out my pursegirl ima always recognize when my my weed or my money missing
 if she doesnt eat right or workout but she smokes amp drinks. let that go
 brandons dad smoked all my fucking keef from my grinder smfh
 smoking weed and cleaning the entire house is my new way of relaxing.. lol yeah  id say things have changed. 
 same nigga lol  cuh weed eater came up missing 
 oh  one last reason why they are trash larry sanders literally chose to smoke weed and skateboard than to play for that organization
 i dont see why marijuana isnt just legal everywhere yet. like cmon
 if you add me on snapchat youll see some fucking crazy shit  sexy stuff  alot of weed  occasional other drugs and me in general just wildin
 just want to smoke and rewatch death note
 @meekndhumble i think it comes down to how much weed you put in it but word im making every pull count outchea 
 so we have attorney general sessions  whats next for marijuana  so pass it
 im getting tired of bitches blowing hookah smoke in my face in their stories lmao.
 i worked there for a few years. miller would stop in  have a smoke  wed all debate politics. it was and remains a world full of evil to him
 all of sudden it snows and no one got weed 
 she dont smoke but every time she with me we be faded
 i seriously gotta stop shmoking weed for a bit and stop spending so much loot bc i go broke too fast sometimes
 smoke weed everyday @ westminster  maryland 
 do you agree with the federal law that marijuana should remain in the same drug class as heroin plz rt boys
 @connorschnell omg happy birthday mr snails see u ina couple hours we just got in mi. gone smoke blunts n get crunk
 next weekend is the start of ppl getting drunk  going to jail  fights  and a lot of weed smoking mardi gras bitch
 yeah i see one smoke im tossing person out. so fast lol 
 honestly i hope trump does take out big pharma bc that would solve so many problems going on in florida. fuck drugs. smoke weed everyday
 bouta smoke bc its tht type of day
 blinks tumble weed passes in the background crickets start chirping 
 the fact that its legal to get into cannabis distribution out here... prime time.. about to make a come up 
 thats your job rt @jeremiah337 when the weedman finally snaps 
 @chefvictorbhugo im sorry your days r so miserable that the only way u can get thru them is by smoking weed. i hope amp pray you find jesus
 my dad just referred to smoking weed as bonging   i.e. are people going to be bonging at the party   
 i just know this smoke sausage bouta be so good
 me every time i pick up weed 
 imma pray for those girls who smoke. confess to me .
 let them smoke  it easies their minds so they dont have to go off and do some crazy shit on your dumbass  
 not spending no more money on weed
 here to buy those great hippie inscents. yeah those. @ herbs house  recreational marijuana store in ballard  wa 
 we just put weed in the bowl  we dont got no time to roll
 i smoke weed everyday cuz i like
 dont smoke in my crib if youre going to be stealing lighters. 
 it turns out cigarettes can kill you cuz when you didnt come back  every time that i thought of you i smoked a whole pack
 i eat my meats and fruit and veggies everyday  i wash my tail and i dont smoke or do anything else im very healthy and my body is proof 
 ppl say well you can abuse marijuana well shit you can abuse cheeseburgers too... you dont go around closing burger king
 man led zepplin aint no joke  i can fight to it  workout  smoke weed to it  take a slab of acid  sleep to it  fuck to it. beautiful music
 my family cant say she learned it from me because i never did that maybe smoked but not in front of her only dranked once wher
 im on that molly weed and drink think i need a percocet
 she dont smoke but every time she with me we be faded 
 my moms so tired of watching me suffer that shes now encouraging me to smoke weed 
   you have the leave emojis bc you smoke stee. but youre dope as hell homie
 finna smoke sumn fuck it
 this is the best time to sit in my car amp smoke sumn 
 i need to smoke a blunt mann.
 i rather be smoking weed whenever we breathe
 i seriously have no respect for you if all you do is live off of your parents and smoke weed all the time.
 just remember  weed cant just wake up one day and say im srry i cant do this nomo. moral of the story smoke more  date less.
 kenny be merchin all i do is crack cardsfinesse   smoke amp claim j cole is the best 
 last time i checked  you cant smoke dck  but im not going to sit here and argue with someones whose twitter nam 
 she dont smoke but everytime she wit we be faded
 you know you from ny when you almost read this as i smell weed b 
 she dick weed amp ignored thats a dwi
 smoke weed everyday 
 welp at least we have a fat ass jar of weed 
 joanne smokes a single joint
 tolerance is so low  still smoke a whole gar
 this is me at every event that i cant smoke at. 
 i wish my bong was still smokeable  
 i can vibe to smoke break at any time of the day @chancetherapper
 lets smoke this beer @zskiles
 time to smoke this 
 feeling like shit just put on a princess dress  make some grilled cheese  and smoke. 1010 works every time.
 all this weed and no one to smoke it with.
 think im just going to smoke a blung on my way to school that way my face will be puffy anyway it wont matter
 if youre looking for love  a weed dating app maybe the way to go  cannabis mhealth cultureofhealth hcsm
 finna smoke some for my first time 
 now to smoke my weed and knock the fuck out
 who wants to smoke a blunt with their buddy borm 
 bitches hit the blunt one time in they life amp all of a sudden they weed head stoners. oh
 i be having no one in the a to smoke with  yall r trash 
 kendrick already top 10 ever and approaching top 5 ever. go debate ya uncle that smoke loosies and swear dmx is bet 
 everytime smoke break comes on i think about la
 i had 2 roll his weed up mfs just irritated my soul 
 there literally isnt a bad part in reefer madness the entire movie is one big high note
 i have chills every where. weed and greatest hits albums is a hell of a combination.
 i swear wiz amp snoop are the only two that can smoke blunts in public and get away with it 
 literally all i do is mind my business and smoke my weed. why do bitches hate me stop being mad and roll up 
 every time i try to blow os i get smoke in my eyes. 
 females that smoke amp jam song lyrics on snapchat are annoying. then post like 50 snaps.
 if she smoke  watch anime  loves music  and like to fuck i swear ill put a ring on it
 whenever i have a coughing fit it reminds to that i should go out to smoke
 are d.c.s weed delivery services legal 
 cuomo opposes legal weed  while helping his alcohol industry donors @alternet 
 cuomo opposes legal weed  while helping his alcohol industry donors @alternet 
 mannnnnnn i hate hoes who b posting pics of they bloodshot eyes. we get it. u smoke
 the kids insulting trump are the same kids who still sell weed and act like thats a viable source of income. no one wants your mids steve
 bitch i really dont smoke nomore im so serious this time son 
 we have a million ways to say marijuana what makes u think you can scope out terrorism this way 
 last night i had to smoke a cigerette in my seat at the @barclayscenter because theres not a smoking section stopprofiling
 d.c. weed delivery thriving  but is it legal 
 hey d.c. i dont think anyone should go to jail for selling marijuana and congress should be illegal 
 brush pumper pulling in through the smoke to assist on a wildfire in moore  ok. 
 my coworkers solution to every problem i have is weed
 @alderlaneeggs @actaccordingly were not voting here but cant say i agree about hemptons hlf coverage.  4 him it seems to be abt ackman.
 got an hour to smoke 
 i swear @torylanez be taking more ls than uncle snoop at a new weed strain convention....
 @lebatardshow @stugotz790 sounds like he spent a solid decade smoking weed with these phlegmvp performances he puts up on a weekly basis
 idc what u say bruh weed is heawphy
 just yanked my bowl piece off my bong and it flew the weed in it all over the carpet 
 @3rdwardarchie literally you after every smoke session 
 smoke weed like it legal  fuck what the law say 
 so  @apsyoungms kicked my son out over some marijuana mess. parenting is tough lds kaseysworld weedcontrol 
 i wake up and smoke away all the demons every morning
 i just want to see smoke in our lights and november blue played live thats literally it
 this is seriously for cigarettes i think ive seen 5 people who smoke. every guy i know douchevapes now stopprofiling
 @kevinjacksontbs which drug do you think is more damaging to a humans health  alcohol or marijuana
 so  @apsyoungms kicked my son out over some marijuana mess. parenting is tough lds 
 taught me how to smoke how to shoot dice and cop the jays
 as soon as my dealer is awake im stock up and rewatch the fuck out of weeds
 everybody and they mama sell weed in vegas
 paper. weed. lighter. 
 i really just want to go somewhere pretty and smoke by myself
 @dukartbrady @tangelclappin one time this same girl put up a live feed of her and her friend smoking weed it was sick
 philip aldrich of @dellemc says infosec we cant be running around putting out fires when all there is is smoke @rsaconference rsac2017
 staring out the window while i breathe in that smokey goodness. 
 come smoke a cigarette and let your hair down  then pray for the rain to go away
 colorado marijuana sales hit 1.3b in 2016  up 30 from year earlier 
 i dont know how to roll a joint very well but still smoke like a bigboy
 i remember when i was gonna sit @loveeddie777 down and tell him to stop cuz i thought weed and alcohol were the dev 
 you drink all the time  why not smoke some weed with us its the same shit. yeah good point  you guys wanna do meth same concept.
 @wexboyvalue hempton blocked me because i challenged him.  he talks out of both sides of his mouth on hlf.  see 
 @wexboyvalue hempton called hlf scumbags but now he says they are highly ethical.  i think hes as guilty of thesis shift as anyone.
  i smoke so much weed i forgot it wasnt legal 
 lets smoke away the time
 whaaaaat  smoke weed everyday. youre going to like the way you feel  i guarantee it. 
 blowing your vape in my face is just as bad as blowing cigarette smoke in my face gtfo
 currently me about to drink a 5 hour energy while i smoke this blunt 
 yeah  you been homeless affects you in ways you dont notice goin through the motions no one there to guide you. go ahead light that weed
 imma smoke every single cigarette i see after this shit 
 i been selling weed long before i added you on snap  didnt just start this year 
 every time i come into my english class at least 1 person smells like weed. 
 @hot944 @flexreport google addam b   .. 56 double solo albums online .. smoke a joint and play it loud ..
 she said you have a 1 in 5 chance or higher to get a heart attack after an hour of smoking marijuana ... i should b 
 roll my weed if yous the one.
 what strain do i want to smoke first 
 @datbitxaly when i move imnprob gonna hit u up to smoke  like every day 
 i miss smoke sessions with bro. literally the first thing on my list to do when i come home 
 one time i smoke wit asian niggas and they had to put some extra shit in that i swear niggas put soy sauce in da lo 
 we bouta smoke good
 @kjduffey black person gets arrested for weed but a white person wouldnt what does this imply that cops let white people go with weed
 one of my life goals is to smoke a blunt with @thejanicexxx one day tone bone  one day... lol
 who tryna smoke sumn
 i dont smoke bongs blunts only
 i dont call myself a producer .. ill leave that to others .. google addam b  .. smoke a joint and turn up the volume   ..
 idk how my uncle smokes every 15 mins.
 @antishony omg u should b able to quit weed no questions asked cigs can b hard bc of actual withdrawals
 day 50 i feel i can officially say i am no longer a smoker. it feels great..
 luv roll the weed up  let your hair down  shut the blinds  cut the music up  wait turn around one more time
 we should all be ashamed of ourselves for partying to get smoked by lil mouse
 three phones let my general hold  dont smoke strong we be mineral blowing  @lothraxx tape got some  
 three phones let my general hold  dont smoke strong we be mineral blowing  @lothraxx tape got some  
 i think the only good part about smoking weed is when you just start dying of laughter lol
 you know when im mixing i smoke when i drink its tradition
 nail on the head..   he should go back to vietnam and smoke some more rice cakes. @dizzypam @anitadwhite 
 i stopped smoking so i could do nursing school but i swear to god school makes me want to smoke 500 blunts to the face in one day dead ass
 i rather be smoking weed whenever we breathe...
 meanwhile  its not the weed its overrated. but its the terms relaxed  feeling good  eat good  not caringthat get me high.
 my favorite friends episode is every one that chandler smokes in.
 @jkrowlingss youre the original harry pothead youve apparently smoked too much pot if you believe mr. trump is anything but good.
 bout this weird ass sea weed mask today from @ultabeauty lets see if it peels normally u like that other one that rips the skin right off.
 bemynativevalentine amp ill make you chicsininaga with bakwezigan after a long day of hauling smokes on the lake
 yeah i had a drink   yeah i smoked
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked
 bruh  weed  kief  and wax all in one bowl  zooted. ultimatebowl
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoke.
 the fuck its legal to smoke where im at so idgaf if kids present 
 one time i tonged kissed a girl who smoke cigarettes amp that was so terrible bruh
 every  single person tomorrow should hang out chill and do a lil smoke sess to forget its valentines day and were single 
 now i just heard him say smoke one 
 lol  lol   i heard the bo. hanging out with his red rich buddy out boating and literally getting high him and m.o i knew he hid smoked
 when i took my meds for the first time and forgot and smoked i was so damn slumped  couldnt sit up straight  
 about to smoke n gts 
 wyd 5 minutes after you smoke this 
 any nigga with a red shirt can front like a blood. even puffy smoked a motherfucker up in a club.
 puts picture of weed on snapchat story now theyll think im cool.
 part  saturday  its a smokers affair  @ baltimore  maryland 
 @e666s a wood and a 8th then woulda said fuck her in her face and smoked it to the dome clout
 crazy chick asked me if i wanted to see a picture of sex so naturally  i said yeah. it was a picture of weed idk this is all weird.
 be making sure i got some to drink every time i smoke 
 i need to go rehab i cant stop smoking weed
 i cant imagine dating a girl who smoke cigarettes
 i dont even smoke i literally cant i have asthma attacks for 48 hours after the fact so anyway
 grinding my weed for literally like 5 minutes or so before i realized i didnt put any weed in the grinder.... 
 i just need to smoke and knock out this essay 
 someone drop some weed off for da kid
 the guy who said i thought the kkk were good people till i found out they smoked weed. is now attorney general. the top lawyer of the land
 running out of weed should be against the law 
 he got himself a bong we can smoke out off 
 i was half asleep then my roomie texted me talm bout lets smoke a blunt so now im awake
 every time i go out  im blowing that smoke out. i buy it dont even know the price
 nvm the smoke hit my face i couldnt resist it 
 you need weed therapy 
 its time to smoke 
 @canativeobt @sieve70 @sayanythingblog yeah  prob best to leave gun at home but very unfortunate about the weed
 i swear to jesus that without weed i would sleep 0 hours per night
 because smoking weed is equal to beating a woman... this isnt 1924. get your head outta your ass 
 should i smoke more b4 bed....
 every single time we smoke. @kenzieeetk 
 @tommylitch shes saying which one should be legal. not which one is legal. alcohol should be illegal before weed is the point lol
 at least theres weed 
 im mad as hell i lost that weed b
 donate ur paypal cheks 2 yung based god @ gabef3291@gmail.com please for mntn dew and weed xdd
 i have no lighter to smoke this weed with...
 every morning i text one of my homegirl like if you come get me ill smoke with you  works every time 
 bout to go smoke me this dro stick  happy valentines motherfuckers
 i had a dream that jon jones came back and fucked dc up in 1 round then smoked a blunt in the interview with rogan after.
 lil morning jog through the hood  wash smoke dawg  then push up on my sweet thang 
 remember when i hated weed yeah i do
 i swear im a smoker for a reason...
 what if i only buy the weeds every other weekend 
 how the hell do i get the old man who reeks of smoke not to sit next to me in class anymore fricken dying in here pissed gtfo
 spending a lot of money on a dozen roses.. money for a plant you cant smoke ..
 same muhfuckas tellin me be cool will turn around and smoke they employer if they paycheck missing two hours. i dont understand
 anyother  time they let us smoke but now they trying be on some shit 
 classic marijuana sales are tumbling as a new way of getting high takes over  via @clusterstock
 i met this girl who said she wanted to be friends and smoke buddies  so we go back to her place for some bong rips right...
 my stupid fucking paisa ass gardener was in the same spot i swear for 30 minutes w his fuckin weed wacker.... i slammed my window he looked
 ima smoke a blunt for every ex that fucked me over in honor of this day
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoke
 1915 birch and spruce smoke lake tt1915 
 i smoke cigarettes because thats what youre supposed to do
 @nortonchildrens @jcpsky this is the face i make when i find out youre a smoker 11minutes 
 wonder what it be like to smoke a whole pound of weed. i need me one. @ mille lacs lake 
 who all single and tryna smoke today we can be single and high together 
 about to smoke  bubble bath  amp get dressed for work 
 lol my grandma thinks weed is equivalent to fucking bath salts or krokodil or crystal meth. stupid
 yeah i smoke cali gas and i still face at least 4 a day. my tolerance just high
 me and baby smoke weed faithfully everyday  modern day maryjane
 drop that smoke   
 bouta smoke all say
 so we smoked for a bit and after like 23 hours they finally come and they came with spare tires bc we had to change the ones with the merch
 nothing like hard liquor and marijuana to make me ignore all my seriously flawed relationships
 slowly weeding out all the fake motherfuckers who claim to care for me 
 but any who i get bailed out and now im going to court and i find out i had 114lbs of marijuana thats 50kilos thats fucken federal time
 the dea says that hemp is just as dangerous as heroin 
 how many on marijuana 
 when you single for valentines day but the weed come through 
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 i wish i could smoke a cigarette every where i go. if the government can do whatever they want  why cant i
 spending valentines alone. but least i got some weed.
 im not bouta go broke just cuz its warm outside fuck smoking some weed
 spending the day with my two loves weed and pizza 
 happy valentines day 2 myself lmao time 2 smoke a joint
 we live in minnesota can someone tell me how smoking weed is still illegal 
 bouta smoke a lagarette 
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked
 this professor just came and sat next to me too bad hes not cute and is blowing cigarette smoke in my face....boy bye 
 how do people smoke in there houses and cars and live in that shit every single day
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked. yeah  you think i need you but i dont.
 @hollajdane smoke one in the cig canal for me
 alcohol should be illegal n weed should be legal.
 wait but that 70s show is kinda my go to every time i smoke and i just finished the series so like wtf do i do now..
 imagine smokin weed in the street without cops harassing  imagine going to court w no trial
 fav this tweet and ill smoke a blunt with you
 @armorguy there is a lot to be said for the face time that being there inperson brings  but weeding out the noise is easier from afar
 i swear i get sick whenever i smoke anything other than a backwood
 just smoked right in front of a cop and he didnt care. shoutout california 2k17
 rhobh eden needs to go smoke a joint  chillax and have several seats.
 wish i coulda smoked before this long ass class
 im at work looking at the clock thinking bout how much weed im bouta smoke when i get off and the wake amp bake 2moro..vision me
 you smoke  yeah i can hang 
 @msnbc it is simple legalize marijuana and you will have less opioid related deaths. this is true in every state. its wrong not to legalize
 @youtube my friend went on the pro golf tour @rickatfox and told me @marlatellez can you imagine never being able to smoke crack again
 yeah i smoke blunts 
 my little tiny mother grew up in a hippie commune and she confessed to me that she stopped smoking weed in order to have me goals
 if youre going to put smoke in your mouth whether its cigs  weed  or electronic vape cig you gotta brush your teeth 
 if the judge dont put me in jail tomorrow imma smoke a spilt in celebration
 my weed missing fam
 smoke weed everyday.
 dont invite me to smoke to just hit it one time tf 
 first time in my life im so tired i dont even feel like smoking weed
 youre a huge pot head when you plan out ur meals ahead of time so you have money for weed later
 somebody b nice amp take me to the ville  i need to go to practice ill smoke one w yall
 valentines day is every day when you love weed 
 why does majority of my money go towards weed  like
 seven talking bout weed  bgc17
 should have booked a room for a single session smoke out...
 my mom handed me a container of weed. what is life. 
 @victorhauk @walkersaxplayer @amperez @jakemillauthor @deplorecraft what does this even mean smokefire brilliant
 after just one marijuana 
 oh damn this has to be scaring the hell out of millions that prefer to sit on the couch all day  smoke dope and pl 
 soo blunt you can smoke my truth
 bruh i lost a whole ass joint and im already at my weekly weed budget max
 my stupid bf wont wake up so we can smoke amp eat
 lets smoke one
 lmao first of all this too many heads for one nigga to have the weed amp second of all who has this many friends  
 and this is why weed should be legal in all states.. trumpputin administration  lastword pmjoy
 @alienknife weed boy son of weed 
 i think the distorted sense of time when high on weed pot is part of what helps drive creativity at least in me
 can i get one whole marijuana pls 
 we get it  you smoke weed everyday of your life. please stop posting snapchat videos
 i had so many people at work asking what am i doing tonight ... same shit i do every day .. smoke 
 last time we smoked we was circling the damn mall for 30 min trying remember what entrance we came in through 
 @trilllife214 only after work we should smoke some time g send me yo  dm
 what do girls see in boys who dont have a car  gang bang  smoke all the time or the only thing theyre good for is partying
 crazy to think i wouldnt go near weed in high school ... life yes
 when you make it back to the south and weed aint legal
 border patrol finds drug catapult at usmexico border  along with 47 lbs of marijuana 
 hard to watch this stupid fucking world go up in smoke
 @drunkenpeasants when is a good time to smoke that legal tobacco questionthepeasants
 every time i waste money on bullshit i think abt how much weed i couldve copped 
 tonight consisted of face masks and bath bombs  smoked a j.  time to get down on some video games.  ending valentines day perfectly. 
 yeah i smoke yeah i toke amp yeah im a loke 
 bouta smoke a blunt after disneyland with my love 
 lol @ the asshat that hid and left eye drops and an empty bag of weed in my room
 @dresmoothh lets smoke one
 serious question. should i a save three blunts for tomorrow  or b smoke one now and only have two tomorrow 
 sheon smoke but everytime she wit me she be faded
 negativity in the air. where is my gas mask. i should have never lit that fuse. no i have to sit here in the smoke.
 to be jew a long smoke stake to burn to my jew brother sisters we matter we walked line we matter i work insane hours still human be one.
 i swear  trump could stab his wife on live tv  and some folks would say  yeah but obama smoked  and the dishonest media said nothing.
 compared to getting someone to roll for me and we sit there and smoke the whole thing lol
 thank you to my fckin roommate for setting off every smoke detector in the house an hour before my alarm goes off on the day i work a double
 imma be single forever  50 yrs old smoking weed like tobacco 
 every hour is biscuit hour. photo joningoglia @ blue smoke 
 break the gar down i got the weed 
 everytime i see him smoking weed i get mad cause i swear he said he doesnt smoke weed 
 everytime i smoke i got robbed earlyyyyy lol
 bout to take a hot bubble bath  and smoke  a backwood at the same time 
 my friend who doesnt smoke yeah his ex left his weed fibers all in the couch so we had to clean it up.
 i am untouchable you would think i was in jail but im in mexico buying marijuana from miguel
 people r dying everyday in rochester from heroin..... why cant u just smoke weed and chill
 i hate it when my lover. when she smokes without me 866.246.8923 bigboy live  
 @kirkandcallahan @kirkmin still surprised that you take jabs at the nhl when bs coverage during cup run is why 98.5 smoked eei. fact right
 only if i could smoke weed and still handle business 
 thats crazy i really use to smoke all day day and quit jobs beattheodds
 im talking bout get smoked in a fight in general lmao 
 i hate when clients at my job find me on insta bc i go from sweetampinnocent to purp the marijuana smoking machine who says fuck every 2 mins
 catapult used to launch bales of marijuana across border.  
 we fuckin  my nigga.. no dating @sizzle808mafia smoked that beat..
 senate chair adams seeks to reduce tobacco use  improve health and save taxpayers . only 10 of smokers stop witho 
 72 in a 40 i got weed on me but its cool im not going to jail  
 i dead ass want to smoke people who take my seat in class. i obv sit there everyday for a reason 
 when you tell the dr you smoke weed everyday they be like mmmm 
 drug catapult  47 pounds of marijuana found at usmexico border 
 drug catapult  47 pounds of marijuana found at usmexico border 
 cant wait to see cannabis h8ers smoking in 25 years when its legal for recreational use  
 i smoke everyday amp i still got straight as 
 having to explain to my mom that buying more weed at once is cheaper than a little at a time
 couldnt even smoke my first blunt without some bs 
 negative effects of smoking marijuana  you now have less marijuana
 drug catapult and 47 pounds of weed found at u.s.mexico border. see moregt abc13 
 imagine smoking weed with out cops harassing
 imagine smoking weed in the streets without cops harassing
 thanks to this perfect person for blowing smoke in my face for 7 days  what a wonderful week 
 this guy smoked 5 cigarettes back to back and ashed every single one of them on my bar
 this guy comes to class every day smelling like he took a bath in weed
 i just need to smoke and a bubble bath man.
 tired of you bitches wasting weed  
 since that transfer what has iran done with that money.  yeah i dont now either but dont see any smoke 
  when u drop a bag of weed at the store and when you go back its still on the floor
 bruh smokes cigarettes 
 stop asking me what i did this day and what i have on that day and other strenuous memory questions i smoke a nice bit so those are quizzes
 i think my fav part of working at smoke shack is getting the first pick of the new lighters 
 i always got weed on me but never a lighter smh
 the catapult was being used to throw marijuana over the u.s.mexico border. 
 yeah im both   yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked
 i try not to have regrets  but i think it was really fuckin stupid of me to smoke cigarettes those few times i did.   ill stick to pot. 
 been smoke free all of the end of jan and middle of feb  like i said tho still smoking that broccoli 
 @halleybordercol r u fucking for real.  wow..vote someone else whom smokes weed every fucking minute with barely hghschool education.  moron
 you should see how i look  @ magnolia smokehouse 
 high dinna tower swear that weed give me power i wake up and smoke some for hours
 bruh i never knew ds2 had his face in the smoke  
 for the last damn time .. i dont sale weed  
 the weeds a span of time in which you will seriously question your will to live  or  at the very least  how much you really need this job
 my mufuckin throat hurt man   im literally about to stop smoking fr fr .. one i be mad asf buying weed two i need my weight back up
 our government is fucked by how it refuses to accept the benefits of cannabis but literally does nothing about the deaths from cancer sticks
 i have my exs bong and i dont nearly think about that girl as much as i smoke the devils lettuce nocorrelation  
 @smashcoots @domangirl  i think i see weeds growing outside here  lol
 investigators say a drug catapult and 47 pounds of weed have been found at u.s.mexico border. see moregt 
 smoking weed has saved my life many times.
 @sonyatvnash @coleswindell   google addam b   56 double albums online .. the music not the business .. smoke a joint and turn up the volume
 every single time im out of weed  i tell myself im taking a tolerance break amp then someone just gives me some weed 
 every single time im out of weed  i tell myself im taking a tolerance break amp then someone just gives me some weed
 chilllleee when he opened up that smoker i cant resist good barbecue 
 pray4djt  @brunelldonald  youve got wolves on your train  in sheeps clothes.  need to send out a party to smoke em out
 imma either drink sumn or smoke sumn tonight. in honor of @xolovelymes jordan year 
 tucker carlson is one of the best hours on tv. always eager to see who he is going to put in the smoker.
 i needa stop smoking weed. or at least exercising more. cuz i only ran like 3 games and im bout dead
 you think they can put smoke me
 @meredithhope23 i wannna see one of those hay things roll ... insert hand motion me mert that would be a tumble weed    wheninaz
 @torontofire couldnt agree more. such a tragic loss. smoke alarms and home escape plans save lives. check yours n 
 i smoke pretty much every time before i do my makeup so putting in eye drops is apart of my routine lol
 wake up smoke a gram wake up smoke a gram same shit repeated every day bruh find a gig
 so my mom is reading lauren and i the news and she just showed us this drug catapult where mexico catapults weed bundles over the wall
 drug cartels cant lucratively capitalize on marijuana exportation to the us if its legal 
 legal smoke
 one more hour  then 24  smoke  shower  sleep
 idea making a weed delivery service as a scheme to force my artwritings on other people as the gift front under dc weed laws. instafame
 i really believe that my nephew should be born a day early for national weed day 
 smoke comes through little bit lighter body than i... class of 88 imperial smoked porter  photo
 vegans let you know they vegans all the time and smokers let you know they smoke all the time
 @lrihendry thats one way to weed out the leakers
 i swear weedman have no perception of time... 30 minutes in weed time is like 2 hours 
 all in your grill..4xmes that come smokelike a hippie miami with @yungzoebarz and 
 steven crowder joe rogan  i know more about weed than you do.... 
 swear some of you tweet everyday how you smoke or drink everyday like get a life 
 i smoke when i drink its tradition
 i need smoke buddies
 i like that show bong appetite they be cooking with all that weed
 i aint spending no money on weed the rest of february. time to save
 @rageking legal weed crack 
 seriously debating about just selling weed for a living again
 .bouta smoke and lay down .....hooping got me tired
 my mom asked me why i have so many lighters i told her because i smoke weed.
 its either i cant remember where i hid my weed  or my mother found it and took it 
 ...this is not the first weed catapult found by border patrol agents. 
 the shit you can get done when you put the weed down for an hour is blowing my mind
 are tumble weeds real thingslenna
 negative effects of smoking marijuana you now have less marijuana
 7 years for marijuana cant we go after the heroin dealers and let the small marijuana dealers alone... sheboygan 
 fuck yeah ill smoke you out  
 she said aw yeah now ik you smoke weed  wtf kind of store is this 
 @arjunguptabk well if you live where its legal it is a weed forest technically. illshutupnow
 throwback to that one time that my mom and i were investigating who had smoked outside my house...
 her ex smoke cracc man goddamn lol 
 im sure ive said this before but let me reiterate dont fucking tell me when to roll my weed get ur own u broke bitch
 @seanhannity. i think this is a bunch of baloney a smokescreen general flynn could be a mole seriously they can put people all i know is dnc
  you know ill smoke the whole world bout ya    put on suit go get my boots ill go to jail bout ya  
 @omarretamoza hahaha got eeemm i wanted to see what you would say but yeah smoking weed lol
  you know ill smoke the whole world bout ya    put on my suit go get my boots ill go to jail bout ya  
 @billmaher if dc can get legalized marijuana  then i feel the federal government should make it national as i believe the fed governs dc
 i ate a piece of this weed brownie amp forgot bout it. its so crazy bc the high snuck up on me.. i had to realize i was high..
 grab another beer  smoke a cigarette  knock 20 minutes off my life span  in that order.
 yeah i think im gonna just smoke my life awaay
 7 days a week  7 different freak  but i got tired of fucking hoes i just sit back amp smoke my weed
  i remember our smoke sessions in the garage lol best times
 weed is illegal and its wrong to smoke goes out and underage drinks every weekend
 @danaeverly this happened to me once...i didnt realize they were a cop until i openly said i smoke weed..whoops
 i keep going days without smoking a cigarette and every time im done withdrawaling  i smoke one and ruin everything 
 if marijuana is legalized you gotta free every person locked up for selling it
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive. i smoke it everyday cuz it keeps me alive. funniest video ive seen in awhile 
 i wanna be crazy about one nigga only. lick all over his face  hold him down  show him off  smoke a blunt w him  hustle w him  amp love him
 @haylazyla didnt you just see me at speedway why didnt you say that to me your delusional asf meth lol i think ill stick to my weed. 
 holy smokes alex looked fine af in our face time.
 took like an hour to smoke a blunt hell no 
 there was like an explosion somewhere in valencia. wth was that. i could hear it form gv. and see smoke
 drug catapult and 47 pounds of weed found at u.s.mexico border. see moregt abc13 
 time to smoke a bowl.
 i just want to cry but ig ill smoke a b instead
 why the fuck people doing so many extra things with their blunts. like roll a pearl and smoke it. and why u pissin 
 face masks  weed  @whiteyygee   n a bunch of snacks lt3  issa good night
 @chanelantonet96 @skinnnyme @jaiiyonce  lets go to fucking austin weed is mf legal there 
 catapult used to launch 47 pounds of marijuana over the usmexico border seized 
  60 dollars a day. there is no way its just weed bout to get the this is the last time talk 4 the 6th time.
 but if you smoke reggie you still going to jail 
 eat an apple every morning and smoke some broccoli every afternoon 
 no time to smoke a blunt  my day finna be like 
 you never realize how many women actually smoke until you drive down beltway 8 at 7am...
 i hate living in a state where marijuana isnt legal..  chronic back pain isnt something to fuck with...
 bouta roll up imma smoke my life away
 im really rey buy one of the hookah things you put the weed in 
 me and @moniixbieberx18 fight for less than 24 hours just to make up and smoke a blunt
 if you call a rig or heady glass a bong then you cant smoke with me
 so  its illegal to possesssmoke marijuana.... but now we wont be charged for carrying 4 ounces or under im confused.
 robbed my bitch pimp right before this  came up on some pre rolls weed and blue faces ill rob the plug ill rob the p  clock in 
 my mama threw my fuckin weed away im mad as fuck 
 robbed my bitch pimp right before this  came up on some pre rolls weed and blue faces ill rob the plug ill 
 been told yall you better watch out for those light skin boys with that tumble weed haircut
 new drug policy in harris co.  misdemeanor marijuana cases will not result in criminal record if you take 4hour 
 new drug policy misdemeanor marijuana offenders can now take a 4hour decision making class instead of other 
 if theres anything college has taught me  its how to smoke a cigarette in under 5 minutes.
 who on earth would ever smoke tobacco out of a gas mask bong
 @baloogz @khrisp thats just muscle memory ill try to pass the blunt to my friends who dont smoke multiple times in the same session lol
 im going to fuck harry potter run that castle smoke deport voldemort 
 yall lie all the time thats why i smoke everyday
 i left my bong at jordans and now i cant smoke weed before class
 all you have to do is smoke crack amp have 3 teeth left to be invincible to anything 
 ima just roll my weed and pray about it moms workin two jobs and i aint ok about it
 ive had a lung infection this whole time and just thought it was smokers cough 
 not many ppl have access to weed as good as mine.
 the funniest part about this is literally none of us smoke weed 
 free meal of the day barbecue  cole slaw  potatoes  and beans from rolling smoke 
 i rather drink alcohol over smoke weed any day 
 500 words on the time i saw my first weed  an odyssey article by me 
 i always wait to buy weed on 421 cuz thats when it goes on sale. you just have to be patient.
 yeah  im both yeah  i had a drink  yeah  i smoked yeah  you think i need you  but i dont
 i swear i dont be wantin to smoke till i realize there aint shit to do
 what smokeshow is trynna get wifed up at whisper tn
 @niimmitz yeah but that doesnt mean hes not.   ok im really done with this stupid subject.   can we go back to dick and weed jokes now
 its about time weed is less dangerous than tobacco and alcohol. studies also show weed doesnt affect the teenage 
 bitches that dont know how to properly smoke or at least inhale irk my soul 
 if you think your life is going bad just remember that the youngest jonas brother got arrested for carrying weed
 as nate dogg once said  heyayyayay... legalize weed every four years. @snoopdogg
 everytime i smoke anything from anywhere 
 @pvrplevision bro got messages still from last year almost exactly us talking bout goin to smoke at ur old pad bruh
 my hair smells like cook food and smoke  every time i leave a damn party
 i been making my mama take her ass in the weed shop she think she pose to juss get deliveries amp shit nahhhhh bitch
 running game like the summer tournaments  smoke sumn sip sumn with a player on the bench
 dude.... i want one from the moon on the day i was born and one from the day i first smoked weed 
 everytime i pull up. she said all she smell is marijuana.
 when you got nothin to do just smoke one or two and take the time to listen to an album beginning to end.
 if president obama would have gone on vacation every weedend they would have raise so much hell. 
 wow they letting me face the blunt and i ddnt even buy the weed
 i just wanna smoke everyday  reminiscing on the times i was broke everyday  
 tory lanez really smoked controlla  very disrespectful i love it
 bronsky with an impromptu talk on co and legal marijuana @eaglesgather gatheringeagles17 foamems
 i always feel so stupid when i think someones so innocent then i find out how much they drink or smoke or fuck like wth . 
 when vara wanna smoke with you amp this her 1st time  ass boutta b feeling good 
 when youre singing both and you yell yeah i had a drank yeah i smoke and your parents just start staring at you 
 @iamminas rt for the answer. i dont think i cant be compatible with shorty that dont smoke but wanna see what they think
 you smoked again how many times have you promised me that you were gonna stop 
 you smoked again how many times have you promised me that you were gonna stop 
 wish i had someone to smoke with me all the time lol
 thats a big tumble weed @cbs8 @dancohencbs8 @aliciacbs8 windyday sanysidro wind weather wx 
 bouta smoke sumn n listen to dis new @1future
 so far my moms  a. laughed at me for not having a fake b. asked if its legal to smoke weed in new hampshire
 she rollin my weed i swear im too td yeah im goin pound da pound
 this guy i cant stand had the audacity to smoke a blunt right in front of my house. srsly my dads a cop wyd
 time to get weed
 when i drink   i smoke..its tradition
 every time i ask to hangout with my friends my mom thinks im gonna drink or smoke or something
 swear this is my cousin  hes an annoying person to smoke with 
 the weed put me down every trip 
 you smoke jacks every day and taco bell for every other meal...i can only imagine how funky ya pussy is.
 just want weed  sex  and in n out. i have weed but im still missing the other two things
 right next to the denver airport someone mowed hemp real big so every plane can see. shoutout colorado
 about to smoke my face off
 you ever just get those sudden urges to smoke a backwood because same 
 a lady who smokes is not good for the soul
 every time someone mentions foundation  i just think to myself who will march forward when the smoke clears
 7 days a week 7 different freaks i got tired of fucking hoes so i just sit back and smoke my weed
 fun idea you dont have to snapchat every. single. time. you smoke weed what a concept
 opens @lawrence6 snap story in front of 6 yr. old sister its a beautiful day to smoke some drugs  man
 hate when my bf at work because then i have no one to smoke with me 
 16 hours in the bath and now the smoke anovaculinary fasteddy sousvide @ soddydaisy  tennessee 
 me whenever i smoke 
 bruh there is a little asian kid next to me... about 6 years old... and keeps repeating smoke weed everyday. what music he listening to
 i smoked a joint with my general manager at lunch today lol
 its one way to weed the smart ones from your base. 
 its time 2 smoke
 working wyoung guys is probably the most annoying. no one cares you smoke weed all day amp stop saying bro every other word.  
 @snapchatsupport please let me save other users videos so i can save @parishilton snaps to laugh at when im on weed  okay thanks.
 @texasstarlight i wish missouri had legal weed
 .@massago dont try conflating opioid deaths with marijuana use. no one dies from marijuana so run an honest antio 
 when your mom catches you smoking and asks you how many times you smoked 
 @saucyystoned everytime you want a cigarette  smoke pot  fall asleep wake up  want a cigarette  smoke pot  i slept it away  3 days your set
 @taylorxyoung yeah  then mangold said that that wasnt the case  at least for logan. could be smoke and mirrors.
 this the best time to smoke i swear
 she get dick weed and ignored thats a dwi nigga 
 55 hour work week done. shot.   wheres the weed at
 @atfhq lots coc dealers over the counter weed it as pend orille county lied and under g meth a doses are getting in cocking and over ds md r
 do u have to smoke a blunt every time it rains
 i smoke when i drink its tradition
 yeah i had a drink.. yeah i smoke.. yeah you think i need you but i dont..
 how the fuck have i hid that i smoke cigarettes for almost 9 goddamn years
 paco cracks me up everytime we smoke together. 
 @realdonaldtrump niagara  ontario canada is a great place to live when you get tired of the shenanigans and weed is legal.
 coworker tells me to get to work because i step outside every 45 minutes to smoke
 coworker tells me to get to work because i step outside every 45 minutes to smoke
 i just wanna travel the mf country... and i wish weed was legal everywhere 
 bruh had a smoke session with @bobatl 
 good weed and me time
 i can see a million dollars with these smoke dreams
 hydrating essentials@earthlybody hemp oil  @sheamoisture face mask  @freshbeauty sugar lip scrub  @lushcosmetics m 
 hydrating essentials @earthlybody hemp oil  @sheamoisture face mask  @freshbeauty sugar lip scrub  @lushcosmetics 
 i done smoked every single swisher  but island madness
 every time i smoke i just cant get high
 why is alcohol legal everywhere but weed isnt 
 as a smoker i think the legal age to smoke cigarettes and drink alcohol should be swapped
 i know weed is legal in washington  but the lawmakers are fucking high with this alcohol tax. 
 crazy how the radio bleeps the word high but not drunk like weed is worse than alcohol or something stupid
 tired of smoking weed frl
 i swear every time i sit down and get comfortable to smoke a bowl i have to pee  even if i just went pee 2 minutes ago
 all i can smell right now is weed and ive smelt it for the past hour... maybe its a sign ill be smoking soon 
 im mf tired . everytime i smoke i feel like a snorlax dummy.
 i done got so used to weed being legal  im reckless with it....va cops would be ready to lock a nigga up
 yeah until he asking you for 11 dollars for weed and gars 
 smoke weed everyday. 
 all my cousins do is get on snap to smoke   they smoke when they get up and i doubt if they brush their teeth like that shit is annoying
 say swear you smoke nigga we couldve been getting high whenever im in atlanta 
 i got arrested for smoking weed and my dad swears that im going to jail
 am i desperate enough to smoke again but this time in the rain hell yeah
 yuh know what ma  i have loved weed for too many years for it to be a phase.  powertothepot
 how do i work at a weed dispensary but can never find a lighter 
 once upon a time i couldnt get a mf to do a damn thing when it came to weed and his friends
 my moms bf leaves to go smoke a cig my mom i would marry my ex tomorrow
 bright flash  smoke  towards muscle shoals airport. @waff48 
 every weedhead i know are fucking morons.
 tonight was bs. thankfully i have weed and new music
 i remember smoking w alycia  ray  sanah amp tristen  and him and sanah were literally screaming at each other over who could smoke the most.
 put the weed in the salad theres a cop chey
 @nfamouskaye i agree i check my followers every once in a while amp weed out any strange ones
 phoenix man who said cops forced him to eat marijuana files 3.5 million claim 
 i smoke all my ubers out
 i think shes referring to weed 
 i love weed but i dont want to do it everyday all day ya know  like yeah ill take a hit here and there but lets go actually do something
 didnt realize i didnt have a single peice to smoke out of when i got home so i taught myself to how to roll a blunt within 5 minutes
 @buzzfeednews next time i see my weed guy i pay him with two candy bars and see how that goes lol
 somewhere in the corner under clouds of marijuana
 every body knows she only drinks alone amp she only smokes when she drinks
 think im bein more upset at the fact i cant smoke or sip sumn.
 stupid  lazy amp uncontrolled thats what marijuana does to u
 we bouta eat some cough drops and smoke some cigarettes 
 bouta smoke myself out 
 time to smoke 
 lol she threw me the whole bag of weed and the gars 
 born alone  die alone i let the drugs take my soul first time i bought some weed i was sold
 man startles me by waving hand close to my face  gestures for me to take out earbuds you smoke no. how old is u 18. walks away
 to all the americans who think ca must smell like weed all the time.... i mean youre not wrong
 @ smokers   what just happened to me  
 i think i smoke one too many blunts today  @gucci1017
 i quit smoking weed 10yrs ago but cough like someone taking bong hits 
 trynna smoke all dis b4 the night end 
 mercy hospital used to take the patients out hourly to have a smoke and the nurse brought the lighter patients cant have lighters in there.
 mfs mad cause i dont got time  i work 5 days a week amp go to school full time amp on top of that i got to balance out my marijuana addiction
 doug wilson one of the greatest tv characters of all fuckin time on weeds saying no ones going to take a blonde man seriously to silas.
 doug wilson one of the greatest tv characters of all fuckin time on weeds saying no ones going to take a blonde man seriously to silas.
 im tired of smoking of this weed alone
 every time i smoke i think of victoria and unique lmao
 every time i smoke i think of victoria and unique lmao
 herb helps but i have to smoke like a chimney. lol fireup insomnia
 drug catapult  47 pounds of marijuana found at usmexico border 
 holy smokes its seven am
 @heyheyitsconrad  get a drink smoke a joint and have a good time. classic @bruceprichard
 i wish i had someone to go on walks with and smoke blunts with everyday
 if u aint brush ur teeth and smoke a blunt yet this morning u missing out on life
 @whitewaterrr ive seen it all now lol  the weed will digest  not sure about the bag though.
 the weed so loud bitches get ignored
 aniya had me smoke the other day and i almost died 5 times i dont see how yall do it lol
 legal marijuana in ma means display your paraphernalia for sale in the window on a main street.  
 as vinegar to the teeth and smoke to the eyes  so are sluggards to those who send them. 
 that moment when you really need to smoke a cig but your lungs literally cant 
 i was like why the fuck would ian mail me a contraption to smoke weed out of mom  think about it.....and i think thats what stumped her
 is the person responsible 4 ur twitter handle  a smoking weed b completely insane c really stupid or  u guys got 
 i think imma just smoke this blunt without shorty
 how many blunts did you smoke 
 we smoke ourselfs to sleep every night
 yall remember that foreign exchange student  ins eenish yeah. before she left back to portugal i offered her some weed
 1930s refer madness takes washington  jeff sessions new attorney general  good people dont smoke marijuana 
 i swear everytime i go see oomf we smoke amp run it bout everything    be high asf 
 youre my lighter to my cigarette watch me smoke
 i been know to pop a couple tops  yeah i been known to smoke a little pot  yeah its hard to not 
 you know the deal  follow us on snap  buffsbarstool and see smoke @alyydean and friends all day and night  
 i can get used to this weather  or at least until it smokes again in 2 days
 smoking weed everyday isnt cool especially if you dont know if you are going to walk across someones stage or not
 roll up 2 blunts at a time a lot on my mind i only smoke by myself
 hot hot hot in desmoines again today.  golf  bikes  shorts in mid feb.  bugs amp weeds getting started. 
 works every time             salute to all the glass pipe flower smokers everywhere @ 
 i literally wake up thinking about smoking weed lmao
 this man took all the weed before he left but couldnt leave his daughters car seat base  petttty
 joe smoke @ good time charleys 
 @pewdiepie smoke weed everyday
 @datkidrasheed yeah  youre right. imagine the number if it was a week long holy smokes.
 @zachattach7 @ohherro we can go visit her in boulder maybe see @linze2 and smoke some legal cannabis
 @yoitsanahita @marymahaf3 @mrzeock @aliciagoku opioids have multiple deaths a day as does alcohol weed not a 1 in 1 000 of years
 im waiting for my nephew to slip up and leave his weed out  hes 16  and smoked my 8th and took my xanx..
 i just heard somebody say they were having withdraws from not smoking weed... are you dumb
 @joselugomma lol hahshs lets smoke a big stinky l soon
 every time i go a couple days without smoking i get the random urge to smoke
 holy smokes stalker much @sealthedeal3646 
 when you left in the house with you and weed cause you bf leaves u to go ball 
 cannacon seattle convention  i tried marijuana once. i did not inhale. b. clinton  last day 
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoke
 i am sure alan taught that play to coach weedin 
 there are a ton of brush fires going on around here. smoke plumes everywhere.
 i feel dead  bout to smoke and hammock somewhere
 @apompliano @mhdempsey agree there are s balancing life amp blding co  but looking for obsessives weeds out startup tourists  wantrepreneurs
 when mama think you smoke  
 shredder fuiehck noieh nigga marijuana truce radio i goiit u blooiid my momma ouieh we dont eat grapes one loiive tupac
 cmon so we can go take slim weed. @reddsolo
 yeah i had a drink yeah i smoke
 legalise cannabis and criminalise alcohol @bellaflokarti @simbris
 plant my ashes into a marijuana plants and smoke bongs of it and think about me while getting high and listening to tupac thats my wish
 i make one massive playlist every year thats marijuana inspiredinduced  and i wish i had people to exchange music with.
 dont fight them smoke italian seasoning
 ready 2 live @ the beach with no females  they r annoying never want 2 smoke with annoying people  
 so to @nativeroots303 durban poison strain soo tasty
 @therealrvd weed is legal in colorado 420 
 yeah  i had a drink  yeah  i smoked. yeah  you think i need you but i dont
 new drinking game. take a drink every time jodi from shameless tucks his hair behind his ear or lip smokes a cig.
 i really asked manny amp kayte to sleep with me last night and he rolled a blunt drunk as hell and literally held it for us while we smoked
 its crazy how alcohol is legal and weed isnt  like that shit makes 0 sense lol
 @ashlynndahl  weeds and almost every other show  still havent finished new girl 
 i seen a girl walking and smoking a blunt and then i remember weed is legal now   lol
 i swear i do more than smoke 
 bouta play smoked amp haxsano fuck me
 if i dont see smokey soon ima go crazy
 ashleys birthday @ smoke amp barrel  @beerbbqbourbon in washington  dc 
 bruh my high school is not going to lose bruh lol ulontop nobody want smoke
 @hippieoflove smoke 1 every 4 hours or all at once as needed 
 b4 i went to the airport i smokedampi put a bowl in my purse so i can smoke on the way.. bitch i forgot that was in thereamphad 2throw it away
 yeah  i had a drink  yeah  i smoked yeah  you think i need you but i dont
 one more time legalize marijuana on the federal level. impose a federal tax on marijuana sales take the tax applied to healthcare in the us
 literally im only dating my weed  she loves me enough for the both of us
 @aflirtyourself @lesneaque just dab some liquid smoke onsee how that works for yiu
 every time jula says she doesnt smoke 
 need a smoke buddy
 myplanetwouldhave all strains of cannabis legal every where and public smoking world wide   and immediately use the left over.
 take a shot every time you sniff weed in hollywood
 are you sober yeah you smoked a bowl and had a glass of wine at this point in my life that is sober
 so crazy bc i literally said im going to smoke a pork belly tomorrow 
 @farinella @sammm57 bruh tell me about it we cant smoke before we play lol
 whaaat  i had edibles before i smoked. thats crazy 
 lmao on god face it n blow the smoke in ya face 
 bouta roll my weed up 
 @ucanttakemyguns so a weed bath 
 do you ever just smoke a cig and you can just feel you organs digest and move food and you just keep thinking does my body think its dead
 exhales smoke whilst making a sassy  sarcastic face followed by a headshake  a smug grin and a sigh 
 did the whole sober thing for about 14 hours  general consensus not about it  smokes boys less go whos got em
 xan got me slumped  fena smoke den gts
 i think im officially pro at secretly smokin the ganja in my bedroom 
 tonight my boss checked my purse amp goes brenna is this weed amp i literally said shit  you tell me  it could be  she was kidding
 i dont remember smoking weed  this boy listening to mac demarco for the first time
 i just want to smoke but i forgot my fucking lighter and im so sad
 new strand of cannabis oil wd420
 time to smoke
 me when @sydneyalyse15 wants to smoke a cig in between times lol 
 lets get one thing fucking clear smoke machines are never appropriate
 brianna smokes weed everyday and i drink it wtf did erin drink that made her like this amp why does my mom think this is so funny
 if youre too busy to handle any new tables  youre too busy to go on a smoke break every ten minutes.  @tiporgohome
 putting yourself on your story smoking weed everyday in your car is fucking retarded. grow up lmao
 snap  smokeedog  
 i dont smoke unless im drinking. yeah but you drink all the time.
 we smoke on that load amp we sit amp we talk every time we roll arounddd
 ltblackdethgt im going to go smoke a 8d ltsych0gt yo roll me one too
 every time i hear a liberation talk its about weed. cucks  
 ihy corn balls that tweet  i lay up and smoke every time it rains
 nigga tryna go out  have a good time  drink my beers smoke my weed amp my nigga i bring wanna start fights and shit always fucking something
 you know you tired from work when you too lazy to hit the weed 
 im bout to smoke it out my memory
 this nigga just smoked a toothpick
 cause everyone that didnt smoke weed all of sudden they bug smoking lol
 hpbd to my homie  love you mama smoke a bday blizzy  @cristamoreland 
 bruh i love weed quotes from tonight
 im bouta just smoke mad blunts fuck it
 sooo  yeah i didnt smoke today 
 they call me an alcoholic but i drink every other 2 weeks hennessy  while yall smoke weed every 3 hours just so you can feel smart gtf
 we coulda had a alcohol weed blunt
 im having withdrawals from all the beer cigarettes amp weed i was hooked on this is killing me literally
 winter kills financed by 2 weed smugglers. sterling sentenced to 40 years in jail goldberg found shot before the 
 its sunday and the thing im looking forward to the most today is this stella im going to drink and this weed.  not church
 10 ps of dem grapes i done smoke all the shakes
 if all you do is smoke amp drink amp go out ... then you cant sit at my table. go in the corner for a time out 
 tabitha and i dont know what moderation is. we smoke 4 bowls and 2 blunts and the a few hours later were like lets get m o r e high.
 @alecthedurdle every. single. morning lol i think its that wildfire smoke though that is nearby finally hitting us. its crazy outside.
 i dont share my weed stories okay  aunt darlene
 time to get weed whacked at @greatclips in dundalk  md 
 @pinklady56 time to weed the weeds.
 swear one of my bosses knows i smoke weed amp shes so mello about it 
 being a reefer running reef tanks i can tell you this is the most serious marine issue ever 
 every bitch i done fucked with in the last year been on the same shit. they want my bag and my weed.
 somewhere warm w good food amp weed is legal 
 some one take mine and burkes phones away before we really buy a smoker..
 i roll me one  smoke to the face.
 me tropical beach and weed perfectionin5words
 corporate usa is stupid  like youre fired after you smoke weed and fail a drug test  but well honor your memory when you die of cirrhosis.
 i just want to smoke great weed and play bf1 all day 
 if a girl single  she leading on at least 2 niggas to get free food and weed
 since i have to work all day ill just take hour long smoke breaks
 i swear i had so much to drink last night amp i smoked so much  idk how i managed to wake up amp not get a hangover.
 @daroff my take jews didnt leave former soviet union only to witness  dictatorship in this country. spiritual workers unite weed out hate
 i literally just fucking lost 6 grams of fucking weed
 thats not exactly true  amp if weed is the only thing stopping you  youre crazy  
 yeah  im both. yeah  i had a drink  yeah  i smoked.
 think smoking weed cured my allergies
 if youre smoking on the t platform youre disrespectful. if i move away from the smoke and you follow me  youre disrespectful and creepy.
 i hit the bong one time last night and was in a weed coma 
 ive gotten denied of so many jobs for that stupid ass marijuana charge
 sun. featured panino scamorza toast  smoked mozzarella cheese and pancetta cooked italian bacon on artisan brea 
 in the service industry  if youre not a smoker and you want a break  youve got to literally break down crying.
 at least you smoke. all i do is work 
 why did u go to jail again... stealing or weed
 i need some weed who im baton rouge pull up on me
 ive been in the front driveway  smoking weed and staring at my phone in the car for 45 minutes now. need motivation to shower and gtfooh
 on this date in 1940  singer  songwriter  producer and motown legend smokey robinson was born in detroit.
 st pattys day parade will be the last time i smoke  drink and eat like shit til spring break
 yeah straight edge is cool and all but i heard they got weed here
 my biggest fear is running out of weed
 i still cant get over charles koch working on marijuana bombs in his 20s. 
 how do i always fucking wash my weed  waste of 45.
 time to smoke.... gotsomechanging2dointernally... youslippingros @ 
 if you smoke weed ur going to hell buddy
 you smoke crazy dontcha you smoke crazy dontcha
 @maryjaneassoc @fundannacf we have thc and cbd drinks from legal  as well as cannabis quencher also the powdered drink mix from fairwinds
 body of a skinny kid  soul of a fat one need to sit back amp smoke a fat one
 its the crack of the bat  the roar of the crowd  and the smoke from 
 legal weed in california will never be the same  shit will be bunk
 time to smoke 1
 am i the only one who thinks skunks and weed smell somewhat similar 
 i didnt smoke yesterday at all bouta be first blunt in over 24 hours. wow
 lrtgt holy smokes suzy is so beautiful such a graceful landing such a cute face she pulls i cannot believe what an adorable person she is
 @maiamagnif how many weeds have you smoked lol that is madness
 us border patrol finds marijuana launcher on border fence 
 yo twitter peeps. doing a research paper. do you think the legalization of marijuana in colorado has an affect on drug abuse in minors
 this kid literally goes i smoke cigs for the culture honestly you are so cool with your white ass face and blonde ass man bun goodbye
 ive always thought that every cannabis legalization organization should have the position of joint chief somewhere in their structure.
 @realpolitiki you made me stop. look. think. did i put the right date... yeah. damn  i am that old...lol. id smoked for yrs before i quit
 in high school i used to be able to smoke before school and in the morning all the time good memories but welcome t 
 that would shock me. ive never seen any founded police toxicity reports that show hard drugs are laced in weed. bu 
 today was a struggle. first time in weeks maybe longer i just didnt have it. one bong hit later and everything changes. weed is medicine.
 @tacobell im going to start smoking weed so i have an excuse to eat your naked chicken chalupas everyday
 i know they need a hit of that everyday smoke
 you can go to jail for smoking weed  but nothing happens to those people who put the ice trays back in the freezer without refilling it.
 green soap at the car wash perfect time to smoke and i think i will 
 the time i need weed is never the time i have it. 
 @laganjaestranja love you ganja hope youre doing well
 naga said all she do is smoke weed and fight...fuckin pitt bull
 mi nah stop bun my ganja...so come put on di handcuff dem
 which one to smoke 
 me brushes teeth before work me also eats chicken nuggets on the way to work amp smokes  why do i even bother
 about to smoke me one... ha  just kidding. 
 james arthur  smoke clouds  is officially the mood
 sometimes you wake up and drive to colorado to buy weed w ur bf 
 let me smoke one and chill b4 i get some lawyers fees 
 i needa smoke b 
 a kind word  gesture is like a beautiful flower upon the weeds of negativity choosetobeaflower makesomeomebloom 
 no one is ever down to pull up and smoke 
 me there are so many shows i need to watch also me just rewatch weeds again. 
 just did a stair workout. my legs are smoked.
 my dad thinks its funny to make weed jokes all the time now that its legal 
 @zaidaragon its cause all ive smoked before was from a fucking pen pipe a gravity bong was a big next step 
 youre comparing a weed citationno jail time  no police station ..... to entering a country illegally  huh 
 keith peterson smokes at least 3 packs a day.
 ga legislators amp @governordeal should decriminalize pot amp i neither drink alcohol or smoke pot. stop destroying livesits safer than booze
 15 an hour man fuck weed
 vrs..numeral unosbuenos nochos machadasfuck the devil and his pradasionada to the hood the world b all goodroll one up smoke a wood
 i smoke everyday lol
 so everyones going out  im the only person staying home and smoking weed  lol
 lmao every time i see chris tucker i can hear smokey sayin daaaaaamnn. 
 @remittancegirl @politicalkel okay ill drop out of this. you are that singular one. the world does not have to blow smoke up your ass.
 so today my grandma came over amp she proceeded to tell me she got offered to smoke weed for the first time
 the first time i catch my kids smoking weed...it just better not be my weed.
 @tftiandrew ay just remember to go into your closet to hotbox cause our dorms have sensitive smoke alarms 
 your mcm posts about the one bag of gas he cops from his plug a month but smokes mids the rest of the time
 happy 420 hahaha. its 1020 here but its weed time somewhere. and here
 bouta smoke 
 when i still smoked menthols my mom asked me what so terrible happened in your life that made you start smoking me 
 imagine smoking weed in the streets without cops harassin
 you know ima smoke the whole world about you put on my suit go get my boots ill go to jail about you
 lil mama love to smoke my pack   she love the way i hit it from the back
 flaunting that you smoke weed  drink every night and live off your parents aint cute hunty 
 me and asia  die every time we smoke
 now to smoke one with my brother in law
 stop making cute lip stains and shit bc it doesnt really work out when you smoke all the fucking time 
 yeah  i had a drink  yeah  i smoked
 tired of sitting here im tryna smoke 
 this guy literally just messaged me on tinder and said i smoke blunts shawty
 were on the way to corpus  im in the back seat  and cant smoke in the truck. my life is terrible right now
 about to smoke amp vibe to this in my car when this drops 
 @kleach212 wbu tho. how many dicks have you taken for cigs and weed
 bouta step light and smoke my weed. 
 i need a new apartment where i can smoke inside so i can rip a cig every time lip gallagher does.
 bruh the first time i ever smoked a backwood  
 before you take a rip from the bong remember there are starving children who could eat that weed
 thats not weed  mama. its incense.
 time to buy some weed socks
 time to smoke until i knock out ttyl yall
 the amount of years youve been smoking weed can legally drink @bawwsadface
 i smoke and drink everyday
 time to smoke another blunt because now im up and not tired 
 i am seriously wide awake for no apparent reason i even smoked and im still up 
 buy legal marijuana online.we offer legal marijuana in bud form  calltext us a   16788038775 visit our websit 
 i laughed up a whole appetite im starving but want to smoke first 
 stop snapping me weed bruh ion smoke 
 off  time to smoke this tweed good morning
 soo brit wanted to smokeshe couldnt leave amp i was like bet but i had 2 go get it bc her plug didnt deliver so i 
 roll one smoke one
 yeah i smoke the cookie for lunch
 time to smoke. 
 tabitha buys like 4 grams at a time and we need to not smoke all of it in one night lmao
 squaddy mi nah stop bun mi ganja so come put on di handcuff dem 
 @beneathblackmen you left out the legal weed 
 if we could smoke in classrooms this would have been me at the start of every night class 
 coffee  pizza and marijuana enter my body on a daily basis.
 im gonna start smoking again just so i can take 15 minute smoke breaks every hour.
 when the person next to leaves class for 10 minutes amp comes back smelling like weed..... every class 
 when the person next to you leaves class for 10 minutes amp comes back smelling like weed..... every class 
 @haleywhitemannn happy fucking birthdayyyy girllll smoke upppp 
 i want to smoke a bong with @rickygervais 
 i have the memory of an elephant  but i smoke like a chimney  so it lasts like a fish
  a lot of dicc smoken going on but were is that geting u 
 i smoke almost everyday but that doesnt stop me from doing my homework amp going to work.
 i see how you handle your busy life now coworker after smoking weed 
 mama called me lastnight drunk  talm bout 18yrs here now you grown i smoked a black for ya
 bro wth  such an old choice man. they nigh as well said smokey from friday. 
 hello  im still doing hadoop.   thousand yard stare  takes a drag on a smoke  ive seen some serious shit
 this is my inner turmoil an hour after i tell myself imma take a break from smoking weed 
 lunch time is like  do i eat  do i smoke something  do i nap all of the above would be great  but theres not enough time.
 make the most of indian hemp seed ... and sow it everywhere g.w. 
 @pinkcow19 youre supposed to smoke it not swallow it lol
 whats on fire near congress heights in md massive smoke rising. md
 bouta smoke my morning one rn 
 me and my smokeshow  @ the melting pot 
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 i just saw cannabis caucus ready to bump heads with trumps antipot attorney general  via @clarkstondaily
 i just saw cannabis caucus ready to bump heads with trumps antipot attorney general  via @clarkstondaily
 i just saw cannabis caucus ready to bump heads with trumps antipot attorney general cannabis 
 i just saw cannabis caucus ready to bump heads with trumps antipot attorney general cannabis 
 @starlifenick i dont wish ill on anyone except the fu ass motherfucker smokepurpp
 every time you with me im rolling up a fatty cause i blow hella weed
 i fuck you for an hour than i smoke it off
 yeah im both yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoke
 theologyscience views welcomeovo @drake @ hempstead lake state park 
 theologyscience views done @ hempstead lake state park 
 some ppl just brack heads that has nothing to do with weed 
 my daddy dont want me to smoke but come in here gassed up every single day
 smacked getting my nails done amp my nail lady said she can smell the weed over the acrylic 
 been smoking weed allday and banging this tape  liluziverttape  lil uzi vert mix by @djzeeti np on soundcloud 
 when you see ups stop by your house and just pray that your @silencedhippie hemper is in that truck i just want it mannnnnnn
 i shouted im goin to smoke some weed across the thruway and this kid standing next to me just said same i laughed so hard lmao
 cant imagine how good id eat if i didnt have to buy weed 
 i can smoke whenever i want too nahfr
 @fullcourtbest yeah once we learn the tricks of the bullshit trade it makes it alot easier of for us to weed the wastes of time out
 big presidents day saledo not operate a vehicle or machinery under the influence of marijuanakeep marijuana out o 
 chain smokes marb menthols  works his ass off every single day in the blazing heat or freezing cold  a man who is tough as nails amp here i
 negative affects of smoking marijuana you now have less marijuana.
 in rehab my name rose i smoke og and cookies. the judge but me in this bitch instead of jail and ill do it
 can next be those bong smoke guys i like being hip 
 turned down 3 smoke outs in the last hour  thats the first
 @morgyg22 you think weidman would smoke him
 everyday i tell myself to not smoke at work and what do i do 
 bitches be like smoke me out whole time be wasting weed 
 if the whole world smoked a joint at the same time  there would be at least 2 hours of world peace. and thats a fact
 im not buying weed for a minute
 yeah i had drink  yeah i smoke. yeah ya think i need ja  but i dont 
 every bad thing for you youve been told about marijuana is a lie literally lies our government made up
 i may not smoke weed for the rest of my life  but i will alwayd support marijuana rights. it should be legal and alcohol should be illegal
 @darmokandjalad @n7irl if you smoke like i smoke then youre high like everyday.
 you pray for purple weed  i pray for purple money
 @thatdivaaa supposed to say smoke 4
 @saltmarshworm weed and indian food
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked
 i use to drink and smoke all the time 
 my professor just asked the class for a lighter so he could smoke his cigarette 
 this is why i smoke a j everyday before the 1.5 hour bus ride home faded
 you cant buy happiness but you can buy weed  and thats pretty close @ibakedenver @emeraldzoo @nativeroots303 
 @rustysombrero unironically suggesting tiny amount of weed for stomach issues. little hit every few hours saved me when i had food poisoning
 @genecridertandd he smokes  drinks  dances. marco rubio hangs to get face time but leaves early. how he keeps his boyish features.
 bf im highbon weed and i feel like im on meth   @itsxman
 bf im high on weed and i feel like im on meth   @itsxman
 being so high you throw the weed out the window instead of the gar guts  
 almost 2 million people put in jail for possession of an illegal substance. 13 is for marijuana.. genius
 i need a cigarette but i cant leave to smoke one kmao
 my ex hmu tryna smoke lmaoooooo this the same nigga who said he hated girls that smoke when we were dating 
 mark got no teeth i smoke drink beer work alot hours stupid a woman make sense to hold hand eternity what a lady mark got no answer to life
 driving up to buttfuck  georgia to smoke krystal kush and drink pee pee beer  with my boy dick cock brown god
 yeah i still smoke but im a productive smoker
 lil mama love smoke my pack  she love the way i hit from the back 
 i got my weed back from the cops because i said its medical and im terminally chill
  rey go smoke a b   wyd 
 had to smoke one
 fav to come over and smoke and drank
 everytime me and bae bout to smoke we jam tupac 
 @ewwwmedrano33 smoke one to that
 how the fuck weed not legal
 when you smoke so many cigarettes you literally cannot comprehend life 
 smoking weed becomes an issue when you cant get a good job because your pee dirty.
 when the weed and postmates show up at the same time 
 @lexikurt like its one thing to smoke them  go ahead idgaf  but if you really dont think theyre bad for you  you need to sit down 
 my girl gets mad every time i smoke out a bowl bc she said it looks like how i prolly used to suck my ex bfs dick  im so weak.
 @samoanthor44 @jennawede i hit my bong twice lol yeah definitely i dont smoke and drink together for a reason haha
 oh you smoke weed well i personally think thats thee most dumb ass thing to waste money onampi literally see no point in it. but good on ya
 every white girl goes through the i smokes weed for the first time and now im enlightened phase
 tell the cops he has weed  
 gunna chill amp watch indiana jones amp smoke some bs
 why did i think quitting stogies  weed  and booze all at one time would be good for me
 i literally said marijuana when i lit the blunt lol
 @jewiwee i dont smoke blunts with anyone but my bf so ill hella take more than 2 hits
 i think the best thing right now for me to do is take this zzzquil shower wash my face then smoke this bowl. ill be set.
 ill never forget the time my old manager said to me have a good night sam  dont smoke too much fuckin grass ahh good times 
 @silencedhippie im at the cannabis cup every day 
 time to smoke
 we can smoke a lil sumn in the rain
 @lixiaklems if you wanna snap other peoples boyfriend about selling weed go ahead but not mine
 @aaronalexandra this literally has happened twice in my life its so weird  i didnt have weed
 @berniesanders fight isis distribute free marijuana to afghanistan heroin markets distribute free marijuana to u.s. heroin addicts
 they need 2go smoke anothr hit of pot or anothr line of blow.better do it while they can b4 welfare drug testg. no 
 belly full. bouta be smoked out and 
 @mexibroh @h0llyw00dharmon both yall can die by tumble weed in stupid ass texas
 usually when im dating i try to tell the person the weirdest shit and be as crazy as i can. just to weed the weak ones out.
 antivax movement is natural selection helping us weed out the stupid ass humans
 im go have too smoke on this one .
 i just smoke blunts all day everyday unbothered like what can i have my life
 @kssandraaa smoke with me im tired of smoking alone .
 @galdytron the weed pen u gave me gets me stupid high n i love it so much
 gar no weed
 everytime i smoke a blunt i remember how much i love blunts lt3
 why do i smoke wheed and watch x files i get so nervous
 for the first time in a while im not in the mood to smoke. like bleh
 lol good thing im bouta smoke my feelings away
 too many a weed has passed through my lungs
 ive officially gone almost a week without that ganja  whos tryna blaze soon
 bout to sneak out the pad and smoke in the whip
 meant to only take a one hour nap and im just now waking up  7 hours later... dont smoke weed kids
 meant to only take a one hour nap and im just now waking up  8 hours later... dont smoke weed kids
 mental health music meditation weed workouts effortless flyshit
 its over for first .. ion feel good amp im bouta smoke 
 my smoke buddy working od and now she always tired 
 can i get a weed man thats 24 hours bruh
 work. save money. smoke weed. thats the new workout plan. get my pockets fat and chunky. by sitting at home with my wallet 
 if u cant smoke and do your work you dont need to b smoking period
 eh...back when i smoked i would put bout 4 grams in a cigar because i knew id eventually face at least 5 blunts th 
 she dont smoke but every time she with me we be faded.
 i literally smoke everyday
 i really smoke everyday
 do you know how stupid you look blowing out smoke w no weed in sight basic 
 they got my cell buddy again fuck the law man weed isnt a crime  
 need to smoke sumn 
 no matter how many times i wash my hands or drench them in lotion  they always smell like weed 
 ever smoke a whole blunt and it literally does nothing to you
 swear everytime i smoke w diamond she always says shy  im not smoking w you no more. 
 i know chicken chalupas are expensive  but holy smokes 6 for 1 thats just absurd 
 i wonder if @barackobama has taken advantage of recreational marijuana in dc
 i be makin up meals me shid after i smoke  random combinations of food ideas 
 when smokeshows arent on your side of the gym  youve got to improvise
 tell the cops he has weed comedy busted 
 any and every time i smoke with someone new and its my weed  i always say i hope ur not a torch the bowl ass bitchnigga
 that nigga smoke snap got me dying
 deon has hemp juice and @hannahld23 said he sippin bong water lmfao
 lmao i dont like to put my business out there but i just learned im definitely doing jail time for months for weed.. i want to diecry
 she dont smoke but every time she with me she faded
 if you are not investing in the legal and medical cannabis market your missing out on our generations tech bubble 
 @dougose its infuriating. we cant safely drive on our roads or trust the safety of our dams but weed is legal and ammo is difficult to buy
 lawn seats at concerts the best bc you can smoke and chill without all the pushingppl stepping all on you.
 needs friends who r down 2 smoke all the time sos
 i need to smoke my face off  
 tell the cops he has weed amp fuck his roommate  
 i cant even make it thru the day without spending at least 1000 on food and weed  
 bruh leos reeeeks of weed and it aint me this time
 happy born day bruhh @860lawave t tf up  lets smoke sumn
 i smoke everyday thats that dedication
 youre supposed to be here by the last song youre supposed to bring me your brothers weed
 @bradkynalyse i cant complain though  i seriously have been soo lucky with amount of free weed ive gotten its ridiculous
 whats up with all these clarkston lacrosse kids selling weed on their snapchats i cant tell if its more funny than stupid.
 the one friend goes tell the cops he has weed  
 tell the the cops he has weed 
 my professor just said dont mix weed and spaghetti i swear this nigga was at my house for traphouseweekend2k16
 literally took one hit of tammys weed and im high af lmao
 one day ill be paid to smoke weed in my house all day
 @abc7newsbayarea great better than anticipated... not having a politician in there has been refreshing. weeding out the worms and crooks
 tell the cops he has weed 
 tell me how you iike my strain if you cop while im here ill smoke with you    exclusively 
 @evanbreen if the employment section of your facebook about me says boss at self employed  you definitely smoke crystal meth
 music amp weed  rastarasaan trumuzik hiphop rap music art peace onelove soul weed artist advocate 
 time of the year to go lighter  shades of smokey blonde. maintain the light  bright and health 
 if u being an asshole to me cuz i smoke weed ill smoke in yout face so that you have a good reason to be an asshome to me 
 omg my weed man just added me back on snap d 
 every time i get fucked up  i keep repeating this is why i dont like drinking...i like weed lol
 should i just buy one last g and smoke one last time  i have a left over wrap 
 i get it you smoke weed  but do you really have to post every second of it on snapchat
 tell the cops he has weed  
 think of how much weed i coulda saved if i wouldve learned to say no smfh
 if i smoke ...its all forgotten about ...and they say men are mostly the whole fucking problem in relationships 
 bruh if you smoke my stuff it will make you go brain dead 
 wow medical marijuana   but no alcohol on sundays 
 @sinlegion add this to your playlist for the next time you smoking weed. 
  smoke weed everyday 
 when you have no one to smoke with
 i roll one up smoke to the face
 we get it. you smoke weed. you can stop posting about it every day.
 my weed man talking bout i talk to him like im his mama 
 if i had a nickel for every cigarette your mom smoked id be dead
 @dreamyydreamm imma just smoke a stupid amount of weed till i actually go deaf at this point
 very confused as to why children are buying juuls if youve never smoked... your getting yoursleves addicted to nicotine for no reason
 i need a drug sniffing service dog for many reasons hahaha  mine hates smoke of any type. lol  
 @zakbagans well  yeah  especially if kids r allowed into the other stuff...in fact all vegas should b smoke free like dallas and rockwall.
 the amount of times i think to myself in a day why am i not smoking weed right now is disappointing
 nor do i have time to watch niggas sit on their couch and smoke weed singing trap music that they dont live. thats not inspirational to me
 i have a weird relationship with weed
 i smoke when i drink its tradition
 rt @hypebeastrelly lmao magic traded for a nigga who smoke black and milds between quarters
 @lanclebsports what day and time does hempfield play next
 when your professor starts making weed jokes while the whole class is on a skype call with an established artist 
 im seriously one of the only people i know that has never tried to smoke . i feel like a lame ass
 she dont smoke but everytime she with me we be faded
 i been tryna cop some weed since 12 oclock lmao
 i swear. i wish weed wasnt so good
 we out here smoking alcohol and drinking marijuana
 i swear my hitters probably smoke longer than some of your joints lol
 soo nobody trynna smoke
 i feel like thats what you get from stealing all of matts weed from his car that one time soo... can you really co 
 guys    what did weedsport do this time
 selling marijuana is against federal law  but its legal in colorado. so why cant new york city decide to allow undocumented immigrants
 crazy how chief keef had nighas running around thinking tooka was weed and not a person they killed
 every one on my snapchat literally just smokes everyday 
 this weed so good every hit i take  it hurts lol
 off the next couple days... im bout to smoke.
 bruh who got some gars and tryna smoke
 @jeninloves30 hate going to shows at oracle lol they confiscated our weed last time such bs haha
 time to take my recycling out and smoke this doobie.
 whole time i smoke crack 
 she dont smoke but everytime she with me we be faded.
 yeah i smoke weed before working out dont judge if you havent done it
 we are going to be the generation of parents that make weed socially acceptable at barbecues 
 why @kreal always smoking weed talking about allah and independence from america that nigga crazy.
 smoking weed every day and drinking every weekend damnsure isnt gonna get that law degree you wanted
 the face your weedman make when you text him for a front til payday  
 im on probation thats why i wont fight her bitch you smoke weed every day you aint too worried about probation you just scared 
 you can tell when a girl smoke by their nails.
 @ienjoyboobs nah they ask you to smoke but show up wit no weed . crazy right  yeah i know
 if your down just smoke a bowl and do some pushups itll cheer ya up
 need a shorty to roll my weed
 @stonelighthouse well then isnt that why we do term limits trump can quickly weed them out.
 lol bouta smoke with my my mom . lmao what is lifeeee
 if i worked out as much as i smoked i would be so rippped
 . d.a.r.e taught me to just say no.  it applies to alcohol  weed  girls boyfriends tryna get at me.  no is 
 every time marcia clark smokes a cigarette on ojvtp  it makes me want one so badly. 
 remember that time when i would only smoke marlboros
 we smoke up like everyday
  we should smoke one time when im in cc 
 only person that inhaled more smoke than snoop is pete davidsons dad in the world trade center sorry shaq ik thats your fav buildin to climb
 some yall tweet im high af every time yall smoke a blunt 
 they left my house to go smoke with kiaa  amp kiaa said the weed bs 
 to all my friends that ive smoked out in a time in need.... who fucking gots me
 aaron rolled a joint then put the roach in a bong and now im never smoking weed again
 smoke a whole one at once  she  literally  is outside for less than 5 minutes when she goes to smoke and then comes back in  but i digress
 cigs laying around  well i smoked a whole one or more at a time  but  again  my point is they stink and its  im sure  even more
 i swear its fun being in a relationship where both of yall smoke
 i buy weed from the sketchiest people bruh
 i feel like a new person every time i smoke. reasons why i gotta stay high  to keep sane.
 butta smoke another face 
 butta smoke a face 
 @kuhhsandra just tell her you like listening to heady jams.  then play smoke two joints on repeat.
 smoking weed sends you to 11 months in military prison. hebron shooter got 18 
 unc came through with the marijuana. ill be sleep in 20 minutes.
 i love how my brother made us late for his bus because he had to smoke a blunt in the back yard for 10 minutes then got mad at us for it
 bro hit me talm bout lets smoke amp go get some breakfast lol say less
 drinking orange juice and smoking weed is good for ones soul 
 until i smoke a cigarette  amp have some coffee do not talk to me in the morning. i probably will snap on you.
 just had some fuckin assnuts push me aside and scream why do you smoke so much at me while i was vaping in the smoking area
 if someone steals my mf weed one more time i swear someones going to die
 in the fog going to brantford cannabis culture. ill be out front greeting people as they come to support police r 
 bruh we smoked way to many beers in the parking lot  @eliottnolan
 when your bf tells you youre losing your juice by posting about weed on snap...when you never had juice to begin with 
 smoke weed everyday  
 i didnt smoke your weed. but you broke up with me over some stupid reason.
 1 acre of u.s. cropland contain between 50 amp 300 million buried weedseeds  510 germ and emerge every year weeds farming
 @mewefree pensimple  a handheld grinder  container  amp weed pez dispensor lol peep 
 im bout to smoke my whole off day
 lol some guys came to smoke by my bros pad  but i guess they thought i was finnuh snitch amp they dipped 
 @itskilla007 every time i see her she tells me that we have to hangout lol its so cute  weed will bring us together 
 my general manager from when i worked at mcdonalds just went through all the trouble of finding me on snap just to try to sell me weed
 i cant wait for recreational weed use to be legal. im going to be so blatantly disrespectful with my blunts honey
 a true smoker will always make time  
 yall think i can roll up a blunt and smoke it all within my fifteen minute break
 @thatweirdguy yeah lets definitely smoke soon
 last time i went to a weeding an old person poke me and told me youre next so after some few years i saw him at the funeral and i said ur 
 id smoke out of c. montgomery bongs 
 literally every single person in my family smokes or has smoked cigarettes except me 
 oh  yeah  they care about the environment. toxic smoke. 
 growing weeds on my front porch. b 
 @grneyedmandy born in la and headed home if thats the way things go... and legal weed 
 go to digital smoke signals on facebook. many videos there. last day. bear witness. pray for water protectors.  
 i need a permanent smoke buddy
 my bf has been binge watching the fuck out of weeds lately amp all of a sudden he wants to hit up tijuana... 
 lets be honest do u even smoke if there isnt vids of it on ur snap everyday
 i think someone just literally smoked in the stair well in community
 should weed be legal
 every time i smoke a newport i gotta sit down
 damn i aint bought weed since sunday....thats how you know i been tired af
 @bellamayyyy @tiffanyyyprado lets smoke after my workout
 oooooo shid  and fuck yeah im boutta cop 3 ozs flip 2 and smoke one lmao 
 repost therealhigheyes2o4 with @repostapp   good weed all day every day @ los angeles  
 im sending me snaps of your fucking weed im not buying it
 so many indica  so much endo smokeits hard to breathe
 running round on cannabis asking where my panties
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 theres a woman who smokes cigarettes and then drowns herself in bath and body works body mist to hide the smell. instant migraine everytime
 i need to weed some of this negativity out of my life
 im raising money for smokey deserves equal training too. click to donate   via @gofundme pitbull
 i literally said this morning that i wouldnt smoke anymore but here i am
 every time i smell smoke i swear im sittin by a bonfire watchin her swayin  me and my buddies and the guitar playin
 @mikhmuffin come. ill smoke you out starts packing the goods from my jar
 you wanted more in the front seat show and the smokey bar drink specials all night
 if youve seen weeds  jimmysteve is in it
 back when ejtoodope was making smoke sumn   @ 
 trying to smoke but idk where my lighter is so instead of finding it im sitting here w my bong in my lap hoping a 
 i be wanting to smoke and workout  every time i listen to ds2 while i workout
 i guess it takes falling asleep with a cough drop in your mouthampwaking up 2 hours later w it still in for your smokers hack to go away.
 also  my aunt and her husband are probs getting divorced and my 16 year old cousin has been smoking weed. ive been gone three days  guys.
 my english professor cant pronounce marijuana right he says mariana and it reminds me of mariana from the fosters every time 
 bout to burn 1 ryt now......havent smoked all morning a nigga finna b high as hell in 
 @k1ckstand you get a smoke every 6 seconds at a ammo cache wtf how on earth did they think this was a good idea
 yeah  border agent just waves the guy carrying the bale of marijuana right through like it were salty snacks. 
 bout 5 minutes after i put eyeliner on i end up wiping it all off cause i got smoke in my eye
 bouta get some weed amp fix me some pancakes 
 less than 24 hours to smoke all this weed left 
 me after i cop a whole q and smoke it all in one day  
 @kellingyouhoes when i take a shit my nigga come in there and pass the weedblack. ive changed a pad in front him so no not like that lol
 we saw the weed man yet again legal state washington we way up here jazzbones tonight lets 
 if your weed ever goes dry  put it in a mason jar with a little bit of an orange peel for 3 hours. youre welcome 
 sluggish  lazy  stupid  and unconcerned thats all marijuana does to you
 every time im visiting my mom and i go outside to smoke she says  omg youre going outside to be bad  
 my parents are texting each other every name they can think of for weed
 this woman on the radio who is preaching smoking weed goes on to say if youre stressed dont smoke thats what alcohol helps with.  wut.
 not a good time unless i smoke mine
 but in the mean time imma just smoke one and forget about it 
 could see the smoke from dt vancouver 
 buying weed significantly improves my mood
 buying weed significantly improves my mood
 well i am officially done smoking cigarettes amp weed amp drinking so wish me luck lol
 i aint smoked all day  thats crazy lol
 im about to buy some stock in whatever company owns the juuls that yall smoke the fuck out of
 if i find out you smoke cigarettes  ill drop you quicker than you can blink an eye
 she smoked you   tuck. time to step it up. dont take any libshit cmon man 
 and my niggas still in jail facing time for weed 
 @reptrentfranks says nukes can be snuck over the border in bales of marijuana. wonder what hes smoking 2018midterms maga
 got my slightly wrinkled hoodie on  no eyebrows and the slight smell of weed on me..im ready 4 class
   j goes off on @hobbyistcast and richard had weed dick. you have been warned podecho podernfamily podmosphere
 no flaming tumble weeds here. 
  bruh eat the butt cant smoke with me   mozzy
 i lisstennn listennn unless im mixiiiin. you know when i been mixin. i smoke when i drink its tradition
 finally got ky to sleep im fianna smoke amp soak in my bubble bath 
 lmao one of trumps ppl legit just said that the immigrants r bringing weed and nukes over the border  kms
 a classic padroncigars smoke. a classic clivecussler story in the dirkpitt series. a classic 
 that one moment ... when you have to drop what youre doing and smoke. 
 my man bought us a grinder today  amp its so about time we have one .. i mean we are heavy smokers we should have been had one lol
 @melanieeresman @expatjake i go on amp off with ithavent smoked any in a year and i dont like drinking..i have twiiter to take the edge off
 ten marijuana busts in one day at el paso port of entry. 
 kiss the coals  breathe in smoke  and i say here i am  send me lift my soul free and so unafraid here i am  send me
 they inspire me though. one day im going to sell bulk weed. why not itll be legal soon. by then  ill have a 
 i just smoked a blunt witcho gf
 i cant believe in the year of our lord 2017 marijuana isnt legal
 hell yeah finna go to the hottub and smoke blunts wit my boo 
 not every person who smokes is a bad person... not every person who goes to a temple is a good person.
 @usatodaycontain disrespectful display of intimate body parts  weed  sexually dysfunctional confusedpeopleamp illegal criminals in colorado
 when you smoke and look at it its crazy lmao im here staring at it trippin allllll high
 today has been one hell of a day. i just want to take a bath n smoke a blunt
 yeah smoke that cigarette buddy  every white mom when she pulls up to a red light and the person in the car over is smoking a cig
 how many friendly rolls can unc get.. holy smokes
 bought this hoodie and told myself i would smoke w it on and i done it sooo many times now 
 yeah i love to smoke 
 bouta smoke 1  then take it down..
 ill never forget the time i smoked out of a bong and the bong water was dr. pepper.... dr.pepper..folks
 you literally put paper weed and turn the rollers 
 going through all these snap memories i drank a lot of lean and smoke a lot of dope 
 some days i wish weed was legal in ga
 all mine do is drink and smoke and go to the strip
 whenever someone says they enjoy watching doctor who i just think about how much marijuana they smoke
 its like every time i smoke  my brain recalibrates itself lol
 me yeah i took a t break but im gucci imma smoke and no one will be the wiser  me takes two hits  me 
 who think they can out smoke me 
 @ballhard3 i dont smoke  im just tired of being ignored
 the second you put marijuana before your relationships is the second youve ruined marijuana for me
 @mcgurlproblems im on my couch watching bong appetit on vice. wishing i could smoke and eat pie with you lol.
 i remember one of the first times that i smoked kush and went to go see paranormal activity 3 back in 2011 lmao i shit myself
 my baby djorn got fat since the last time i saw him . das what happens when you smoke away a military contract
 ive smoked dan in 2k and ping pong about 20 times total today..  i think hes done playing me forever
 anyone who ever smoked with me a say i got stupid pearl
 @x3dr1x @fatkiddeals yeah ive smoked out of one before
 every time i smoke weed im like hm maybe ill actually have a good time  its never happened before but maybe itll happen this time..
 every planet youre  breathing weed smoke and swimming in lakes of lean 
 lol i remember the first time i smoked weed 
 havnt smoked in 182 days
 sworeeee we were supposed to smoke  
 free weed mean you getting flipped by the plug stupid lil thotty
 she dont smoke but every time she with me we b faded
 nigga said he smoked 10 gars a day.
 mcwidow is a strain of marijuana. 
 goes 18 hours without weedmental health starts decaying rapidly
 i dont smoke but if i did now would be a good fucking time
 im soo jealous of abdullah saeed..bong appetit.ive been doing research longer then hes been alive stuckinohio.will work for weed
 @healthythings1 @tartiicat oh  recreational marijuana is legal where i live. if you are 21 you can just go buy it  like alcohol.
 might as well is something to smoke to.. but i feel you. at least you aint say mask off 
 roll something mama we can smoke in here
 if you have time to smoke poppers and put it on snapchat  you have time to do something you were paid months ago to do.
 if i dont smoke ill literally go insane.
 hey @fbi  when you guys have time from buying weed and trying recruit a mentally challenged man into isis heres a 
 bout to smoke this face amp start my day 
 @dbert smoke weed every day.
 @realdonaldtrump my mom loved to drink pt that helped kill her really early in her life i rather see weed uses then see people drink
 that one person you can just chill with   smoke and talk too ..
 the law does not require an employer to accommodate the consumption of marijuana.
 if you choose to smoke  your doc may refuse to operate   health tcot
 if you choose to smoke  your doc may refuse to operate   health tcot
 giorgia smoked a fattie and robbed target at gunpoint mr zook
 when i get my baby back ima try to keep him clean so he doesnt smell like weed every time i get pulled over
 i had a dream that i taught both of you how to smoke weed and we got super high in my apartment  @cyfranck15 @bfhermes
 @scrowder i enjoyed every moment watching @joerogan blow smoke in your face.. thats entertainment.. 
 @jforma @judetruth i used to trade my whole lunch except the cookies and the choco milk  shit was like selling weed b lol
 @therealmander. missing you enjoying a smoke on the back deck 
 just grabbed my pipe to smoke and i dont have a fucking lighter in my car stoplighterstealers2017
 i smoked 4 puffs of a cigarette last weekend which i never do and i regret every single one. i cant stop coughing. slap me next time.
 never smoking dem squares.. blowing that weed smoke up in da airr
 alanna thought the flag goody put up at the concert was weed is she good
 got my nails done yesterday amp theyre all white  now two are discolored because i smoke too much 
 i rather be smoking weed  whenever breath.
 @hardwick you seriously saw smokey and the bandit hundreds of times as a kid that explains a lot
 i b smoking rapper weed wit my gangg 
 if youre putting on a latex glove to smoke cigarettes  its past time to quit. that just happened
 why every guy smoke weed like damn where my sobers at
 @chrisparente @kathiejmornings lol can tell you never smoked   thats not what a bong sounds like . 
 @craigrozniecki true border agents tell me they find marijuana bales all the time but say fuck it  send it through. probably no nukes
 many smokers with chronic conditions take up ecigarettes  cultureofhealth lung tobacco pharma  addict hcsm
 ive suddenly developed an obsession with art deco style classic lighters from the 30s. and i dont even smoke 
 i literally live on an island now and i can smoke whenever i want and no one cares bruh 
 screeches because fav. smoke salmon  
 screeches because fav. smoke salmon  
 id rather be smoking weed whenever we breathe. 
 tell u a little sumn bout a nigga like me  marijuana residue on my whitet 
 roll one  smoke one  when we live like this youre supposed to party
 @jennaivy could you imagine.. death by tumble weed.... thats some me type of stuff
 i wait for the day lawd jeezuz when my mama says lets smoke mija i will not even hesitate lol 
 i think about smoked salmon rolls all the time
 @blkbk @imadesmartcool like the millions legislated to end homelessness  they went up in smoke expect for the publication of slogans
 ima be drowning every time i smoke now that my favorite filter that shits wavy 
 @ahdey lol my relationship with weed 
 black holes and revelations  muse  hot fuss  the killers  smoke  mirrors  imagine dragons. 
 black holes and revelations  muse  hot fuss  the killers  smoke  mirrors  imagine dragons. 
 @senrobportman is weeding out democrats from his events  chicken   via @huffpostpol @indivisibleteam @ncindiv
 i legit want to drop my class because like 5 people smoke and come in and stink up the whole classroom. cantbreathe
 my snap story consists of pot smoke  me getting jiggy to a down ass song  spontaneous shroom trips and studio time. all with my friends
 im so old i remember when the gop used to at least try to manufacture halfway serious bullshit  smokemirrors  an 
 roll something up. its time to smoke. 
 i dont smoke at all and i still get anxious when i have to pee in a cup
 smoking weed all the time is not attractive nor cute  soo why post about it all the time
 @tastebreakrs then why are you talking about weed not being legal and how am i supposed to know youre from cali
 playing a smoking game while watching weeds. rules take a rip every time someone mentions pot.
 i need some weed lbvs
 pray for cannabis 
 did @seanspicer just compare opioid addiction to marijuana use
 sean spicer said recreational and medical marijuana are vastly different. mentioned the opioid addiction epidemic amp that should b example...
 sean spicer just equated marijuana to heroin. idiots at the helm. is it 1937 resist seanspicersays
 @seanspicer  @marijuanapolicy is not part of an opioid addiction. have you ever smoked weed is safer than alcohol 
 sean spicer just said during a white house briefing that he expects federal enforcement of law regarding recreational marijuana.
 lets play how many tumble weeds can i hit before i get out of texas.
 i guess youre just a habit i cant break. every time i see your face  i need one more toke just like secondhand smoke.
 sounds like attorney general office will enforce recreational marijuana law and order
 indian tennis today win some lose some but mainly eatin dirt and dodgin tumble weeds.
 they finna outlaw weed everywhere again
 the attorney general once said the only bad thing about the klan was that they smoked weed. so yea this is what we get.
 did anyone offer you marijuana cant sell it  just smoke it.  btw  i am a legal marijuana advocate. 
 all these niggas do is smoke weed   and play loud music everyday i cant wait untill next semester so i can never see these niggaa agian
 it cant be overstated how big a gift it would be to mexican drug trafficking orgs if the doj took down existing legal marijuana regulation
 mood every day all day is to smoke weed
  everytime i smoke  
 i live next to a hospital. why is there a many doctors and nurses that smoke. i see it every day and i cant figure it out.
 when you have gars but no weed to match  lol trashhhhhh
 trump gonna enforce the federal laws on marijuana ha good we will just get smarter
 @zayforemperor @shelbychong i like my afghan hash has 2 crossed rifles on stamp says smoke russia to death afghan freedom fighters
 you cant have donald trump be president and not have legal marijuana at the same time. these are the rules  family.
 who cares about weed right now this is a witch hunt where socalled conservatives many are that  sorry eradicate what they want.
 @washtimes  high times go up in smoke
 @thomhartmann good luck with that. between deputizing cops to enforce deportations and marijuana laws  their plates will be full
 sean spicer states could see greater enforcement of federal law against marijuana 
 i can honestly say that i always get the highest every time i smoke with @julipalamara ... to the point that i cant feel my legs.
 @mightysg if your state want weed to be legal you shldnt be punished for another backwards one either. just gotta know where you going
 of course the trump administration is coming after legal marijuana  what else is maga supposed to mean
 not spending no more money on weed 
 not spending no more money on weed
 @time never seen a mean stoner but more people end up in jail or dead from alcohol. dont smoke it but not against it either trump madness
 that girl paradise is pregnant smoking weed on her snap. im actually dead. 
 made rocky smoke last night. one hit. she coughed her life off and threw up her soul. one hit... i died for a minute 
 yest @presssec claims our relationship w mexico is phenomenal now cites opioid addiction as evidence against cannabis  u kidding me guy
 made rocky smoke last night. one hit and she coughed her life off and threw up every bit of her soul.. one hit...   i died for a minute 
 sean spicer made an even worse claim when he linked opioid addiction to marijuana access. that is false. period. 
 so were going to go back to marijuana trials where you cant find a single juror to convict anyone cuz we all know its bs
 of course. but lets ignore tobacco  and alcohol. which cause thousands of deaths a year. marijuana  in case you 
 if only i could smoke with my mom one time lmfaooooooo 
 @jasonadammchug1 @jdruva41 @radleybalko then you know growth is about much more then just legal weed.
 comparing marijuana to the opioid crisis is ignorant amp disgusting. marijuana is helping us fight the opioid crisis 
 smoking weed wont put you in jail
 @jsoabove the battle over legal weed will be the tipping point for many gop supporters and political leaders that refuse to fight
 watching beyond scared straighter amp she told him if he smokes weed everyday hell be in jail by age 21 guess my bf will be jail soon wtfff
 @dangillmor @xeni @radleybalko those who have experienced the reality of legal cannabis will never accept returning to prohibition.
 spicers implication that legal marijuana makes opiate addiction worse is both stupid and indicative of the administrations unpreparedness.
 @cnnpolitics federal marijuana laws ok  but fed protection for lgbtq youngsters is not. what is wrong with this picture
 sean spicer wrongly links recreational marijuana with opioid crisis via @forbes  @realdonaldtrump
 every time i spray this body mist from vs it just smells like weed. so bad
 sean spicer wrongly links recreational marijuana with opioid crisis via @forbes  cannabis @maps
 more nukes. less safety  mexicans  transgender protection  and legal weed. fuck you trump.
 everyones safe  but needless to say that my nephew wont let me try to smoke on his vape pen again. 
 everyones safe  but needless to say my nephew wont let me try to smoke on his vape pen again. 
 i smoke gas to the face you smoke grass get a rake 
 @arianfoster just in time to target states that have legal marijuana.recreational marijuana users in prison is going to be big business
 lol omg my mama just gave me a weed brownie
 why couldnt she put the weed in her cooch
  make her roll weed all the time 
 i have never smoked weed. i dont plan on ever doing so. having said that this so stupid  it hurts. 
 .@joerogan whats your reaction to sean spicer announcing a potential rollback of recreational marijuana laws 
 legal cannabis is a job creator so gop will probably want to outlaw it. 
 my mom is so angry that there isnt a marijuana emoji lmfao  son of a bitch thats fcking bullshit
 roll one smoked to the face
 when youve smoked with the plug many times before and your number is still unsaved 
 @seanspicer look me straight in the eyes and tell me youve never smoked
 some bitch on my snap posted a picture of her pregnant ass and the next one was of her smoking weed
 dramatically slams 1984 on coffee table takes drag of cigarette exhales smoke  cute.
 if you criminalize and enforce the recreational marijuana industry  youre losing out on money
 no one to smoke with  i guess i will face this baccwood
 this motherfucker just connected weed to the opioid crisis 
 this old man is literally sitting outside moes smoking a pipe with weed in it what a fuckin g
 you see this crap they are going after legal weed. 
 totally agree. more marijuana arrests   more jail time  more private prisons  more money in their pockets. easy pea 
 sean spicer says justice department will increase enforcement of federal marijuana laws 
 washington state will resist federal crackdown on legal weed  attorney general bob ferguson says. 
 @americanna after what they did yesterdaytoday 2 american nativescomments bout cannabis todaymore angry than anything elseu r good soul
 one day ill get my mama to smoke a fat backwood with me. one day. 
 way to correlate the recreation marijuana to the opioid epidemic  spicey. 
 id i dont cough the first time i hit the blunt the weed is trash
 ladasia so fucking crazy  when i talk to this bitch its a must i have a whole black to smoke listening to her
 spicer drew a connection between opioid use and marijuana  there is no known connection between the two. go get the criminals who sell meds
 time to smoke good after this long day of work
 probs gon smoke with my dealer...she coo
 @willweaverrva doj didnt vow to go after weed states. thats a huge exaggeration.
 but seriously i buy weed and cant bring myself to roll it. im a sad person
 @matthewjdowd there has been a federal statute making marijuana illegal for many decades.bathroom laws always local ordinance or state.
 fucking weed man  how is this still an issue  how is kratom the same as heroin how is hemp illegal. fucking end the war on drugs
 @vicenews if these aholes take our weed hippies  liberals  snowflakes and cucks start buying guns
 i smoke weed like its legal
 the opioid addiction crisis isnt bc of weed its bc of how prevalent and easy to get painkillers are. weed isnt a gateway  surgery is
 yeah  they want to take it all. just heard on pbs that justice dept going to be looking at legal weed states to mes 
 i rather be smoking weed everytime that we breath
 cracking down on weed is one thing  but comparing it to the opioid epidemic is just wrong. we need the public to take addiction seriously...
 smoke weed all the time 
 @chrisgeidner @katysteinmetz @presssec so bathrooms states rights. legal marijuana fuck you states were sending the cops.
 republicans argue statesrights on almost everything but then go after states that legalized recreational marijuana. 
 fyi to law makers marijuana is not an opiate  you can help treat opiate addiction with marijuana  maybe thats where youre confused
 im confused as to when it became socially cool to just smoke and drink every single day  all day
 @brittanygage404 @richposlim i think if has to do with growing regulations in states bc they not shipping calicolorado weed. thats illegal
 my mom literally thinks im high all the time like ive never smoked can you chill out im just tired
 tired but not really in the mood to smoke some beans
 date you a girl that smokes in every snapchat story 
 fucking stupid. i know a customs agent who think you hallucinate and get high for a week from smoking weed.  
 fucking stupid. i know a customs agent who thinks you hallucinate and get high for a week from smoking weed. 
 cops really came on the bus to take a nigga off who had weed i am dead
 i literally used to base my whole life around partying amp weed amp drugs... things have definitely changed. its a trip to think about though.
 @norml says workers should stop being fired for choosing to consume cannabis. like if you agree  work mmj pnw
 the trump administration removes federal trans protection bc states rights..but the next day aggressively enforces federal marijuana law
 na i dont smoke every day 
 this deserves an all caps...why are people so freaking stupid this is not a federal issue just like the weed  
 this one time i bought weed in all quarters
 i literally smoke every night just to go to sleep. smh
 @yvonnelopez15 or ppl that swear theyre a fitness guru and binge drink every weekend and smoke cigarettes 
 bruh .. weed is legal   why do you still smell like reginald 
 so leave interpretation of title ix up to the states but lets cock block them on weed laws for no fucking reason. 
 oh i know plenty of weed smoking repubs. maga and all that though yeah 
 bby this liquid marijuana got me turnt lmao
 you might think heels are the way to go but after youre 5 liquid marijuanas deep youll be thinking differently.
 i am going to smoke weed every day hes in office... yeah as a protest  thats why
 idk ways goin on make weed legal tho 
 bouta smoke a fat wood then going prolly just be up
 you date girls who dont have jobs  smoke weed w their moms money  never wash their feet an u swear theyre bad bitches.
 tell me how @naythegreat had me high amp smelling like weed in my drug and substance abuse class that i have with many recovering addicts lol
 i got a weekly weed bill 
 jesus is my fav  he just smoked me out 
 u remember when we both snuck out the house to go sit at habush lmao an smoke @dajohndontcare
 it was like this for at least 7 minutes  as if all the hospital staff went out for a smoke. not spooky at all. 
 yeah just keep smoking your weed with your cat you freak.
 @ninabrandaleone seriously smokes one 2 mins before oh let me light up another one like chill
 dont tread on my weed. what a fucked up time it is in our country. 
 if youve never smoked then had an arizona tea you missing out
 me amp my bf have the most lit smoke sessions everyyyy night
 drumpf you dumb sonofabitch legal cannabis would pay for your fucking wall in under ten years.
 how many of you ignorant little smokers are mad now 
 @gnomeoffender @doubtnquestion also spending millions to keep marijuana illegal
 lol. just like making weed illegal. how are you going to enforce it
 senior year i got kicked out of school because i hid an ounce of weed to save someones football scholarship 
 ive been reading how to murder your life literally all day. i have put it down to pee  smoke  do drugs  and empty the dishwasher. thats it
 reason i speak to my workers the way i do i need to weed out the ones thats not going to stand up to me i need my workers to be strong 4 us
 people are literally dying in the streets from heroin overdoses  but youre going after marijuana users 
 i think you should blow me what i said i think we should smoke some og
 @cnn  great.....people are overdosing on marijuana every day.......please address the opioid problem created by licensed doctors.
 how many potheads voted trump well  then  kids  here u go white house spokesman predicts more federal action against marijuana npr  3 hrs
 sean spicer says feds will expand enforcement of marijuana laws  ny daily news 
 @sluttinsluts u betta stop smokin all my weed grandma or ima knock ya stupid ass out
 @alexanderswrld bruh u got any weed lmao
 @chandierr bro what would those mfs arrest people for if weed was legal nothing
 im about to start doing yoga u kno so i can be one with myself but then again when i smoke im one with myself 
 fuck her for an hour than i smoke it off
 this that time of the night where you just twist up smoke and just sit and think bout shit 
 been makin weed butter since 1 and shit still wont be done till like 430  then i still gotta make da cookies fack im tired tho
 she dont smoke but when she w| me we be faded
 sean spicer wrongly links recreational marijuana with opioid crisis via @forbes 
 @foxandfriends i luv our president  campaigned for him  support him in every way  except one. leave the weed alone. no worse then alcohol.
 every time i see this chicks picture i be like smokey from friday. 
 ayo i already be tripping off of weed do ik imma be tooooo fucked up 
 some girl fr unattached my lighter from my lighter caseholder when she asked me for it to smoke some pot   me 
 dont be a weed wacker  god will handle the harvest at his time.
 @deandesign101 @jver1 @deplorableljb @sandratxas what is the issue  staterights the admin wouldnt crack down on legal marijuana  then.
  hey sean...its legal for recreational marijuana in d.c....go try some and tell us if you prefer opiods
 hes better than you swear to god and kobe smoked you 
 bums never have fun.....all i wanna do is smoke...... im so tired of living life...im so tired of being broke 
 @deandesign101 @jver1 @deplorableljb @sandratxas but the gov can step in to stop state permitted legal use of marijuana be consistent.
 @abc there is no tremendous difference between recreational marijuana and recreational alcohol use except alcohol induced abuse of violence
 @refocuszone  california  please secede at light speed  what an embarrassment you are to this union  moonbeam has smoked way too much 
 can girls maybe not smoke weed or take excessive selfies in the bathrooms in between classes bc i have to pee
 im going through at least 5 gs of my own weed every day someone needs to fucking help me
 id rather be smoking weed whenever we breathe everytime you kiss me dont say that you miss me just come get me
 if anyone wants to smoke or go to the nail salon later lmk 
 in fact  legal weed has reduced cartel revenue by approx 800 million.. but go ahead. enforce it. destroy one of the best job creators
 yeah im both yeah a had yeah i smoke
 not a fan of legalized mj but assuming stopping this helps opioid abuse is unfounded pts who abuse dont smoke pot 
 this rhetoric is ignorant amp dangerous @seanspicer there is no connection bt cannabis amp opioid abuse  pot actually m 
 my professor just had to count on his fingers to the number 4 in order to remember that 420 was the marijuana day
 colorado just surpassed 1 billion dollars in tax revenue from legal weed... yall are really stupid to screw that up 
 @judykurtz yo  tommy  its time to fight the stigma of deathly marijuana.
 i done spared folks so many times dont want smoke wimme
 yall thought i was mad abt all these hateful exec orders just wait if the prez touches weed laws the earrings are comin out itsalligot
 now you gotta go bruh  i was chillin at first but now you tryna fuck with my weed 
 sessions will go after pot smokers in states where it is legal. put down that joint and go to jail its a return to the 60s.
 yeah i know ya baby mama fond of me. all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli 
 im contemplating how stupid one has to be to compare marijuana use to opioid use.
 lets see what the weed has to say.
  because there are so many tragic deaths from marijuana...
 ill have one liquid marijuana  hold the liquid
 every new album i have to listen to it while i smoke lmao
 @presssec colorado became the first state to generate more tax revenue from cannabis than alcohol in one year  70 million.
 opioid deaths have gone down in states that have legalized marijuana yet its being compared to the opioid epidemic yall fuck this country
 @potus colorado became the first state to generate more tax revenue from cannabis than alcohol in one year  70 million. decriminalized it
 if trump truly plans to ban legal weed thats a very quick turnaround on protecting states rights  and retracting transgender bathroom law
 @kodakblack1k yoooo u tryna smoke bruh
 noooooo i swear to fuck trump if you fuck with marijuana reform laws. thats not cool man.
 if i dont smoke everyday i get mad hiccups...weirdest thing
 @tomahawk23 oh yeah probably should have done that while i was in class. he smoked one in here at like 3am so its still strong 
 im at smoke in md 
 @twosixniko i kant smoke  so i might b becoming one 
 not on marijuana   hes going to let sessions outlaw that.  im thinking hes on cocaine 
 @realdonaldtrump has taken our healthcare  our equality and now is going after our voter approved legal weed. courting his own disaster. no
 honda is in the works bouta smoke tesla
 claire dani amp i would smoke amp go to ginza just to sit behind a table of cops 
 @bakednic im going to face and then when you guys get to the hood you meet up with me and we smoke again....
 yall i aint smoked all day my co workers are a lifesaver right now 
 food  netflix  marijuana and hulu
 bad doctors over prescribing isnt the cause of opioid abuse  marijuana is. right. 
 so now after all this time  feds are going to start prosecuting people in states where marijuana is legal under the federal law...
 me ima smoke weed with you for the first time hb that  dad takes off belt 
 i swear some of yall smoke just for the clout.  cant hit a blunt without 3 pictures and 2 videos 
 co topped 1 billion in legal cannabis sales revenue in 2016  now feds r going after state  generation for what 
 @keitholbermann this is uh  this is um....what the fuck is this is this because recreational marijuana is legal in dc is that why he ran
 i need to do a solo weed episode. too many pertinent happenings as of late.....
 i still smoke 6 times a day but i digress 
 pulln weeds in feb just not right
 i know niggas who just sit on snap amp smoke they life away.. only thing they post
 my sister spent 4 hours doing weeds and i spent 4 hours lying in the driveway complaining....jk i only spent an hour lying on the driveway
 we found @chiaradavis fake nail she lost from doing the weeds last time 
 are recreational marijuana and opioid addiction linked 
 no but the gop being soft on pharma amp opioid addiction are  are recreational marijuana and opioid addiction linked 
 did anyone every stop to think legalized weed is here to distract you if you want to smoke up be my guest just think about it though.
 i swear every time i pump gas someone hears my music  asks if i smoke  then gives me his number
 recreational marijuana is a lot safer than opioid dependence it can be used to go off of opioids.
 @joliekerr if i were being mean id tell you i wore it to bars in michigan while you could still smoke and a dog slept on it one time
 imma just smoke and be good and calm. cos if not i swear once my mom gets back its go time.
 i just held a 1lb brick of weed in class today and saw heroin  meth  cocaine  and k2 justcastlethings
 i smoke weed everyday
 you listen to j cole and smoke mid
 one smokes a pack a day. she runs out and buys them from the machine at my job. its like 9 for a newport pack. crazy
 @patmccrorync if u r going to control marijuana from the federal level then why not the gender level
 all thats missing from this story is her application to open a weed dispensary. 
 im a grown ass woman   living on my own .. but i will never tell my mama i smoke every day of my life lmao . sorrymom 
 thats why i rarely ever go to big smoke sessions  its a waste of time. 
 i think these back spasms pop up when i smoke
 @realdonaldtrump @potus @jeffsessions so this is bs ur going to pull going after weed smokers u have bigger fish to go after.
 yo queen high every day lol what u think she doing for that weed she smoke 
 @fffreekowtski @theleadcnn @cnn @jaketapper lol... go smoke some more weed hippie
 i didnt smoke and flower and or take a dab hit bc ppl were supposed to replaster my bathroom at 130p. not coming afterall. dab time
 many many to weed out..lol 
 anyone not willing to die to fight this enemy should be charged with treason. we must fight the thc terrorists.  were in state of hemp hell
 medical marijuana dispensary eyed at east allen bank where deadly shooting happened 
 medical marijuana dispensary eyed at east allen bank where deadly shooting happened  
 one time i smoked a blunt with @therealstylesp
 not saying im against weed at all by any means but if you literally revolve your life around it i think you fucked up somewhere.
 @sullivanradio if they try and enforce federal law to make marijuana it would be like prohibition.
 @peddoc63 but  an american who smoked a joint sits in a jail cell.
 rolling up the weed what you think  i blow an ounce a day.  lighters anything that matters.
 @presssec wants stricter federal marijuana laws because a dealer sold him a gram of oregano for 25 and hes still salty about it fuckboy
 re marijuana being legal look im a pothead and its never been legal for me  im gonna smoke regardless. but if they make it federal law
 i smoke every 14 days now
 smoke that tumble weed
 boy you cant tell niggas who smoke weed on snap with shades on aint cool. 
 @heyheyitsconrad @bruceprichard without blowing smoke  wm ix and other topics have been an amazing trip down to memory lane. outstanding
 youre a straight bum if you constantly smoke and drink everyday.
 listening to nav while u smoke is good for the soul
 no one could name a reason for federal interference with states having legal marijuana. oh right  pharmaceutical companies.
 were going to smoke weed whether its legal or illegal  so republicans can get fucked
 were going to smoke weed whether its legal or illegal  so republicans can get fucked
 at this point i want to fight my weedman.
 @joerogan what r u thinking about the marijuana crack down but the hipocrital states choice stance on transgender citizens wtfnews huh
 was supposed to go to the library after work but instead smoked with my coworker all the way home and now im about to knock tf out
 literally smokes a cigarette every 3 minutes
 i tweak at least once every time i smoke lolol
 im at magnolia smokehouse in brookline  ma 
 we states endure hot to cold r built tougher than a ram so b our weed speeds burn keep warm toasty clearer thinkin
 i think 2 much is thier a way to stop that oh yeah smoke weed  oh fuck i smoked the wrong kind noooooooo
 so happy the bowl i ordered for my bong finally came now i can smoke out my bong again
 no...not legal. not constitutional blowing smoke up the american people ass. ..httpst.co9wpbm1knsa
 i swear ima smoke my self one day
 if i have a smoke every time premier crashes im going to roast this pack
 @weedspost and u omg love ya so glad i waited couldnt handle weed effects young was seeing things n now clearer th 
 i slept the whole day  its time to smoke some weed
 im going to smoke one marijuana tn
 take every negative thought captive and hold it up to the light of christ. it is smoke that disappears when held to the word of god.
 @roguecontrarian @fusion 2 gifts bc now they will be throwing americans in jail for marijuana amp illegally confiscating their possessions
 cant wait for the federal govt to crack down on legal marijuana itsnot saw it coming itsnotatrumpthing
 i still think marijuana should never be legal  alcohol and cigarette prices should go up like 1000 you should need to pay for this stuff
 double negative so you do smoke weed  
 racist jefferson beaugard sessions iii is now going after legal marijuana. what are you going to do about it
 no weed  bouta take dis perc and pray to the kush god
 @senjeffsessions re marijuanaif youre going to criminalize iti suggest only sales of 1lb up not flood prison with users fine possesion
 @ltgiv dinging the cartels is quickly going to be a priority. besides  legal weed is turning out to be a cash cow and thats a big deal
 my number one goal thats not a necessity but is a major goal of mine is to one day talk and smoke a joint with @barackobama
  awesome radio station  first radio station to play our music... its our ep smoke break check it out music radio
 i was supposed to smoke a blunt with jadakiss.... that was on my itinerary.. jb
 federal protections for transgenders not ok.  using federal law to go after legalized marijuana ok. trumpasshole 
 these muthafuckas smoked yo godamn cousin in front of u nigga. blew his head off in front of yo face amp u aint gone do shit
 bouta smoke this l and knock out
 hilarious. we couldnt write how absurd it is. great actors. weed is not going to be taken away. sadly process has 
 swear to goodness do not smoke ur dog out around me
 when i go out to smoke  i take my computer with me and i write.
 i took so many ls at work today but now ima smoke with my co worker so i guess its ok
 when he says smoke a little smoke he does not mean to literally smoke your weed in the row in front of me 
 everytime kev amp i smoke we end up at the fucken airport
 my weed jar has a sticker that says heroin on it... lol
 @purespoken  @michaelberrysho doesnt address the colorado homelessness epidemic  weed did that
 dont fuck with the weed @billmaher @realtimers sean spicer
 just make weed legal ffs livepd
 @purespoken no one should go to jail for weed  but traffickers.
 .@realtimers realtime overtime @billmaher can we get dhsdea out of our state ca cops respects our weed smoking and immigrant population
 no one wants to see you doing drugs and smoking weed all over your snap storyyyyy
 someone scoop il smoke u up
 roll up and smoke one  keepinitbool
 so tired   just trynna smoke amp chill .
 im a cool person to smoke with
 wellknown crackhead at work asked me to come join him and his crack buddies to smoke so thats how the birthday is going
 sean spicer seemed to tie marijuana use to opioids. the evidence isnt on his side.  the washington post 
 here. here.   sean spicer is wrong to correlate marijuana use with opioid addiction 
 them  but not muslims. or indians in kansas bars. or trans kids in grade schools. or migrant workers. or pot smoker 
 my sis amp the girl im staying with smoke everyday but they have no idea what bongs or makeshift bowls are. i feel like im teaching a class.
 sommmmetimes waiting for the weed guy is almost rewarding as opposed to never running out... feels like xmas when a mf arrives
 @notmuggs @iostpierce im bouta smoke with friends lmfao dop you think im dodging ill play but get this shit scheduled
 @whitehouse do not go after marijuana growers  sellers  or users.we must analyze these experiments scientifically o 
 dawg they have me covering this cigar event and i think its time to go. all this smoke 
 im bouta take the best shower smoke amp knock tf outttt
 im prolly bouta stop smoking weed soon. im jus at that point in my life. bouta be one of those ery now amp again every otha few days smoker
 no one to smoke with
 my parents swear im their worst kid but my brothers both used to drink  smoke  sneak out and go to parties... all i do is lay in bed.
 @kampeas @rjc @mikepence what i told @vp  @wh televised weed out hate event calling on every kid in usa to weed o 
 lets smoke   yeah 
 is that a weed please stop referring to it as a weed
 @stogieloggy roll one  smoke one  and we all just having fun
 smoke weed everyday  
 @rjuan19 but i dont smoke so ig ill kms
 every single guy i talk to sells or sold weed  i swear lmao
 myfriendjim smokes weed everyday. he often dreams of going to paris. he says their weed is 
 bouta go smoke cuz i couldnt fuck wit it how i wanted too.
 yeah  i had a drinkkkkk  yeah  i smoked 
 mom walks in and sees this why does ur bf smoke blunts with his nose  lol mom bye 
 purchased legal marijuana for the first time 
 every time i come from a party or kickback  i smell like smoke 
 nothing like your smoke alarm letting you know its dead at 1 oclock in the morning 
 my mom b staring at me like u smoked amp im like wow mom go u
 i remember in waianae  me and the bros would always smoke out @ the game  and we would have to brush our teeth and spray ourselves down
 i need a smoke buddy
 i really hope smoking weed every single day takes you somewhere in life and when you need someone to talk to weed is there for you
 private prisons are set to make millions more when trumpf starts throwing potheads in jail for smoking weed.  repealampreplacetrumpf
 im lowkey tired of drinking  cops dont care bout the weed but im too drunk to roll 
 california officials and the marijuana industry are ready to fight a federal crackdown 
 smoke weed  everyday  payton mccauley 
 gramma said she smell my cigar smoke
 lots of weed category.  
 should recreational marijuana become legal everywhere in the usa
 why do weed when you can work night shift and be tired and hungry all the time without drugs
 @latimesfirehose @ktla marijuana is still listed as an illegal narcotic under federal law so the state has no standing whatsoever on this 1.
 icantrespectanyonewho talks shit about smoking weed and does it or has done it before .
 i shouldnt be able to smoke because i ball out online shopping every fucking time..
 bouta smoke and then be out 
 i gotta face at least one blunt before i match or smoke with anybody else
 sodomy is against the law. you gonna put every sodomizer in jail next to the cannabis smokers figure it out.
 smoke weed everyday
 @paulbegala wh says theyre going after legal weed mostly dem st. opioid problems get treatment mostly r st. trying take d voting rights
 i get tired of doing the same shit everyday....but if ima do the same shit everyday just let me smoke at least damn
 i smoke when i drink its tradition
 one of the hosts was a whiskey connoisseur and a scholar. i wish i smoked cigars  cuz yeah  he had some of those too.
 im sorry every time a white guy who smokes weed at work calls me lazy i throw a fit
 and as laws r changed n now legal as suppose to b free all the captives in lock up weeds legal but legal was trying make a buck off  have to
 one of them days you just sit on the patio smoke and talk
 whiskey is legal and destroys the liver  weed is a felony in some places i dont go out of my way to get stoned anymore
 @jduranx19 and weedwacking and
 icantrespectanyonewho smokes totallydisgusting stinky toodamnexpensive cantbreathe eeeewwww
 annoying to read all your stupid drunk stories when weed still isnt legal
 lmao yeah tell her smoke dat shit 
 weed isnt really my thing  but... yeah  id smoke a willie. 
 nothing makes me happier than weed amp tequila 
 its 2017  i shouldnt be bombarded by cigarette smoke when i try to go somewhere
 pull up   smoke sumn   drank sumn   leave   come back ... we hangin  @ worldmark orlando  
 i just smoked a blunt on ft with my mama tweaking 
 see the smoke when the sun shineswe will forever be faded under gold skiescaptivated in your 
 sneezy when i smoke blunts lol whyyyyy
 @thetempest1980 @libertarianwing did you go to jail for weed by the way
 saturdays featured panino scamorza toast   smoked mozzarella cheese and pancetta  cooked italian bacon on arti 
 let me get marijuana no. let me get that 12 billion dollars i made james oh yeah oh yeah congressman u.
 yeah smoke 
 i cant even take the marijuana episode of drugs inc. seriously
 i really wished i had a smoke buddy right now
 on our way to the lake lastnight dejajust smoke a blunt sit back and relax  me and annemarie falls in love
 you do you. ill do me. and i smoke weed.  get over it. i dont care what you do on your time. retweet if you can r 
 niggas learn what terps are amp think they know weed or something all the sudden.
 @soimlikeword no. not everything has a point. smoking weed in the wh isnt the most disrespectful thing thats happened there tho
 got pulled over and the first thing the trooper said was everytime you take off your there is black smoke.. i just smirked and played dumb
 when @laganjaestranja smokes ya out  
 @tristanmonte98 ...anyone that voted for this jerk after his vile actions and statements needs to have their weed taken away.
 kid cannabis is gotta be my all time fav movie
 why the radio change that smoke weed everyday to eat once everyday im dead
 thinkwhich is least detrimental a cannabis b tobacco c alcohol d trump  dncchair saturdaymorning createtech 
 about time you actually did something usefully. we hope its not some smoke screen 
 if weed didnt smell my life would b so much easier
 damn i have no wifi and no weed thats two of the ws. time i start drinking
 holy smokes  what happened to @boilerball
 bouta smoke a blunt on the island 
 for all whos confused icns evil and icnics a law abiding citizen who just smokes too much lol
 @spooniehumor  . hi steph.horrible what hoa has done .blatant lies.never smoked here. .desperate for help .eviction claims i plan trpmbone
 seal the borders. stop opioids. stop 1800heroin and legalize cannabis. @potus @vp @jeffsessions. cannabis saves lives  @drmannyonfox
 its to the point now where i smoke everyday  not even cause im a fein  i just b single amp bored 
 why do i get so excited about smoking weed when i literally do it at least 5 times a day
 @juziro at least let him smoke in vegas before yall play so when he gooses he can have an actual excuse this time
 i literally blew all my bong smoke into my mailmans face as he handed me my mail 
 weed smoke and alcohol 
 i smoke weed like its legal but i need to slow my row.
 i hit weed couple time put out
 we gon roll one  smoke one  when you live like this youre supposed to party.
 homework break time to eat and smoke and drink. @ gams garage in mchenry  il 
 new strains alert do si do 30 thc  liquid butter and weed bros.. come and check our flower 
 lol one time we smoked in logans storage unit
 reyna ass drag so hard lmao i coulda smoked 3 blunts by the time she ready
 exciting times at oak grove the smoke machines caused the fire alarms to go off
 tiara got weed all over the floor in this car we goin to jail 
 im so tired of parents treating weed like its heroin
 bottom line says iowa smoked maryland. which  as it happens  is more surprising 
 hesaidwhat no  sean spicer  the opioid crisis didnt come from people smoking weed  via @dailytonic
 @tma804 stop tweeting everytime you smoke babe. youre allowed 5 tweets minimum a day. youre on twitter probation 
 if hunter black smokes me one more time we are gonna fight
 str8 housemates r having a cringey fetishy convo abt drag queens time to smokesomeweed
 @mcremcrem my memory is kinda fucked tho idk if its the weed that did it or the xans. the whole month of october 2014 i dont remember
 smoking weed has taught me to balance things on my knees like my life depends on it
 literally no one smokes menthols
 god forbid one day you have a son like you  jeremiah. a boy who lies through his teeth  buys demonic records  and smokes the dope
 where are the cures  why is weed not legal when it has proven health benefits liquor is legal  where are the bene 
 @donaldjtrumpjr   if you guys let sessions go after weed  you guys   will get blanked  next time
 @amandamull as someone who literally doesnt have a single friend who smokes  this is puzzling to me.
 she dont smoke but everytime she with me she be faded.
 this @johnmayer song  emoji of a wave  is perfect to smoke to  
 wow a life without weed is basically just me crying all the time
 @zzenithgd @geometrycast he thinks your on weed
 @ohmygoditskat hahaha yaaa im in la for a month like whaaat dinner party. or at least a little smoke session
 if i dont smoke something by the end of the night imma fight someone im so done with the bs
 i dont need weed to spend 2 hours watching music videos on youtube  but it certainly helps.
 listening to mad love for the first time.. @iamjojo can we smoke a bowl together while we listen to vibe.
 my weed man lie about stupid shit. hell say he 20 minutes down the street and hmu 2 hours later talk bout you still need that
 just tell me you aint no where near me so i can hit up another weed man. you wasting valuable time nigga
 shouts out to the girls that actually match and dont expect to be smoked out every time
 who tryna come through and smoke sumn
 im literally just smoked a bowl and this has me literally lol 
 anyways im going to go buy some legal marijuana
 @deviousfranky smoke a blizzy
 me  realizing im having amp sharing serious opinions abt weed strains me i gtta go im canceling my subscription to myself
 bouta smoke
 @thejasonm @toddpierce04   im seriously not happy about this. i think its time for a smoke break.
 bouta smoke a bowl and crash out 
 making weed transactions over the phone in public cause its legal gtgtgt
 this gram of weed has been staring at me for a few days...
 lets all smoke one for mayno 
 my cousin smoking weed while listening to indian music and says thats the most relaxing shit
 my manager seriously went out to smoke a cigarette more than five times today lol  it sure was a crazy day...
 yo everytime i smoke loud and drink i be fuked down lmao 
 im bouta just smoke gravity
 i can legally buy and smoke eight ounces of weed but was just denied the purchase of a lighter
 how do i always forget i have an 18 of weed on me every time i go into a public place 
 @liljames1013  yeah amp smoked it
 id prob be a hippie who meditates for 7 hours a day amp smokes mad weed amp call everyone dude bc its a safe gender neutral term
 literally thought i was taking a normal bong rip  but no these faggots put tobacco in w the weed.
 im smoking hella weed before drop in tomorrow man
 im so sleepy  but cant fall back asleep so i guess its time to smoke about it.
 i wanna smoke a cigarette but no one will leave my side for at least 2 minutes
 your mcm still cops weed by the gram 
 i gotta be up for work in 2 hours man. time to power smoke and try to knock out i guess.
 im tired of smoking weed by myself goddamn it
 a girl that smokes blacks has my soul. she done had it for almost a year now and id like it back.
 it must b the ganja
 this some good as weed this shit makin me confess   gram 
 just need a shawty to roll one up amp smoke some broccoli when its time 
 good smoke hours
 almost nine and the ribs benn on the smoker for 3 hours already 
 amp ion think its no weed in the house....wth 
 i get slightly offended when someone asks me  do you smoke
 our plan to legalize marijuana will raise millions per year. the only ones against it are selling it now  and not paying taxes alpolitics
 strange to me ppl think smoking weed  growing up poor or going to jail makes them somehow real....nope
 @seanspicer research shows marijuana can reduce opioid usedependency. u and 45 need to get in ur time machine and come back to the future.
 i woke my mama up fa church i asked what time she usually get up  she said what time is it i said 920 for now she said holy smoker boy 
 idk how many times i have to reiterate this.if i was a professional athlete you couldnt pay me millions to smoke a blunt foh i need my check
 aint smoke inna minute 
 youre such a mooch  go buy your own weed  food  and drinks and stop smoking  eating  drinking mine when im not here.
 i wish weed was legal everywhere
 if marijuana were legal  intent to sell would be irrelevant  and the purchase would stimulate the economy. thatd m 
 @secbooger  police must have been paid to drop charges in cams home town. if i get caught with a stolen gun in my lap  and weed  its jail.
 sorry i pick up three clicks my teeth how feel near n threw blame weed love it no wonder take it jealous love hmmmph
 @sirhammerwinkle so weed is the way to lure you huh good to know. 
 my mom smelled my car and was like so whod you bring in here and i just told her i smoke crack cuz idk what she talm bout
 i remember having thoughts about my mom killing me if she finds out i smoked... now im gassing up in front of her like she bout to hit it 
 i cant just smoke a gar  
 i am officially done fucking with all other drugs i was doing except for occassional lsd amp weed 
 it smells like weed every time the heat comes on cantwaittomove 
 when you test it and the electric heating element in your smoker is still working after the flood. 
 @justintrudeau our kids need protection from opioids not cannabis.enough with the  stigmas.plz dont disappoint and dismiss our votes.
 nothing makes me happier than smoking weed idc
 how you make millions of dollars to play football and youre selling weed 
 i smoke everyday all day at school. but i think im done 
 @michealr @leighalei i smoke all day everyday b i rarely take breaks
 @haganmadi did you know i smoked weed yeah me either
 @tanamongeau because of all the fucking drugs youve taken and all the cigarettes you smoke.
 white cop now im gonna ask you one time  wheres the weed at
 its done like that because possession of marijuana is treated very differently than dealing marijuana. this way no one goes to jail.
 not me at all i drink like a fish smoke like chimney and the the last one is private sooooo 
  take pictures for psychology of smoke cloud if a video game or interpretation on art work.
 i swear its free smoke to any of these bitches 
 i need rehab  im smoked out
 i literally smoked dutches back then and now i think about it now and be like 
 blowing vape smoke in someones face is rude
 attorney general sessions has said good people dont smoke marijuana  that belief could lead to fuller jails  
 nah i forgot how rick ross smoked every mafia music
 i swear every blunt i smoke has dog hair in it.
 this how niggas smoke in jail  
 how many times a day does a guitar center employee hear smoke on the water
 im 18 and every time i try to smoke my sister and mom have to chase me wtf
 when u smoke a red after you brush yo teeth...  might as well be smokin a newport
 every time i smoke a cigarette i fucking gag and almost throw up and it pisses me off
 my weed stinky
 lunch time  smoke time
 i went on one date with a person. im not pressed that he isnt into smokers its weird that its all on the internet now but whatevs 
 ive never researched the tremendous versatility of hemp. 
 i never researched the history of marijuana laws. 
 every time i smell weed i get so fucking happy 
 this man matt elam literally make millions and got caught selling weed
 so you drink everyday but ignorantly scold people who smoke pot 
 yeah but marijuana is legal in some states. 
 @cybulski826 youve been smoked your whole life
 you crazy as hell if you dont think im bout to smoke this lmaoo 
 i try so mf hard to keep my car smelling good but my moms bf gets in to drive and smokes and stinks the whole car up how annoying 
 @foxbusiness @foxnewsinsider theres no room in jail because all the people theyve got in jail for marijuana
 we need to weed out who gets to talk about music  people are thinking thats a freestyle
 over weed bruh r u serious
 @kurtbusch @tonystewart @stewarthaasrcng woohoo kb41  smoke there you go buddy
 behind every scar  every drink  every cigarette and every bit of weed is someone trying to escape.
 i want smoke to be in the booth. straight up no bs cant hate that
 if i dont smoke atleast once every hour ppl get hurt
 time to smoke 1 or 2
 @omgitssarahhhhh as if we didnt smoke 39 at michaels that one time
 @uknoitsdmoney got u bruh. once i smoke this bacwood ill hyu lol
 the white house is full of shit. they want to enforce marijuana lawswhere its legal but leave trans issues and a 
 @kfcbarstool way to go out on a limb smoke for days
 heroin is a lot cheaper than oxycontin.  so they switch to heroin and then they od.  instead drs could just prescribe weed for pain.
 how cohosting vicelands bong appetit altered and expanded this weed nerds mind  via @cannabisencyclo
 did that 88 now i bouta smoke a blunt and relax 
 glad u could push off plans for a smoke sesh 
 i hate when i smoke and get stuck somewhere.
 @djtk bruh this nigga tried to give it to me i said get that tumble weed outta my face hahaha
 i like how every time i say something weed related my cousin thinks im serious and sends me a message that says enjoy
 the reason im single is bc no one likes weed and cuddling as much as me
 when you trying to remember the last person who asked to use your lighter to fire up the weed 
 on me cause imma still do me at the end of the day and thats smoke allot of loud a forget the bs  
 yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked. yeah  you think i need you  but i dont
 i had a drink  yeah  i smoked yeah  you think i need you but i dont
 my run time is also my smoke time and my mom said she wants to go with me  like yay and nay for obvious reasons
 @victoriamudrock cant smoke yourself stupid if you already were stupid  
 still disappointed that in indiana medical marijuana is illegal. cannabinoids could be a substitute to opioid based 
 @diversified420 @crystal420    everyday i want to smoke b4 work....
 i think she just got smoked in the head...
 @chopcheesehenny he talk shit lied the list goes one and said he could smoke me and im tryna fight him and his mans but he blocked me
 honestly idk why marijuana isnt legal in va yet  it literally calms you down and makes you happier.
 yall got cars  sacrifice yall weed money for a month and yall can go somewhere  
 i cant wait for the day when weed and alcohol dont play such a big role in a persons life  maybe then they will value relationships more.
 this weed literally has me hysterically laughing at the dumbest shit 
 my mom calls me every time im bout to smoke. it never fails 
 so i just smoked a cig with my mom lol  on the beach  underneath a million stars  yeah life is easy... and life is good.
 time to smoke and catch up on my shows
 blowing smoke bubbles at my head 
 gael garcia bernal migrant worker  please movie roles dont count. only crop youve worked is weed in your backyard.
 my ex just gave my connect the money for my weed im shook what just happened
 yeah man i can out smoke you all day everyday  i smoke hella blunts everyday yeah but can u take a glob to your face tho
 before i match or smoke with people i always face me one 
 a whole pastrami spending a little time in the smoker today. yummy  tender amp totally 
 alcohol and weed 
 ive realized  im the go to person everybody sends their weed amp cat snaps too and im totally okay with it 
 i just worked for 10 hours straight running around non stop with no breaks so now ima smoke a fat bowl and use the massage chairs @ my gym
 fav if come smoke a bowl or seven with ya girl
 ig im bouta smoke shower and go to bed
 hell yeah she smoke weed she told me my momma some serious 
 oh  deh ganja dont flow no more  cuz i fucking smoke so much of it. ay mon  me greedy to stupid.
 @smactechs @realdonaldtrump @seanspicer opioid and heroin epidemic and youre going after legal marijuana keep the feds. out of our states
 ill go down for the weed but i am not going down for the beer bitch what 
 okay  ill try to watch it again. weed isnt legal here  but ill try 
 buying skins and the little indian cashier said ah you know some people use this to put weed in.. u do that
 nigga said he smoked one marijuana lol 
 i always smoke alone 85 of the time. so  yes bitch ima make a 100 snaps while smoking lmao
 after a great and productive day i smoke.... mood 6lack rules @ baltimore  maryland 
 should we smoke one at a time hellll nahhh
 i love the way weed smells now lol but most time im good on actually being high. i just sit through the session
 dont smoke on no pouts
 i smoke some good ass weed everyday 
 she dont smoke but every time she w me we be faded 
 time to smoke it off
 smoke weed everyday 
 he gave me a jackpot. ion smoke these cheap ass gars 
 @rcdewinter for me  its wishing i was in a state where weed was legal.
 i fel into somewhat of a dream where someone threw an ash tray at me and i didnt catch it. i dont smoke  wth
 i cant smoke because i look stupid and i be high too long and ion like that 
 i dont see why alcohol is legal but marijuana isnt
 dudes that listen to shitty music n smoke weed take bars n drink lean all day and eats mcds almost every day........... stay away from me
 id rather be smoking weed whenever we breath everytime u kiss me
 i smoke 2 joints when i play video games and every 10 000 points 
 i smoke 2 joints when i play video games and every 10 000 points 
 chicagos the game and im all for the win  so tell me if its bongs or hemp
 niggas dead ass cant smoke for 5 years every time i think about that shit i be sick smh
 finally out of work time to smoke weed and watch anime
 every time i try to cook in my kitchen every smoke detector in my house goes off 
 i guess its time to smoke soon. that boy will be up any time.
 @loudwire japan was a base during the vietnam war for r and r so the song  my woman from toyko makes sense  smoke on the water is a corrupti
 i only smoke weed during my free time if i have some shit to do you wont see me smoking.
 that moment where you think youre out of weed but remember you have a back up stash that you almost forgot about 
 like i aint told you that 50 million times  but im not playing i smoke all day so ima try amp save a roll for you  
 when my dog start crying i just blow weed smoke in her face. she be relaxed after. 
 you can tell who doesnt smoke the herb because every time the subject comes up they act like the opposite of a stoner
 if i dont get to smoke within the next hour im going to cryyyy
 fucking asshole said he put up a 24 hour notice pined on my door  to change a smoke detector. they walked in 3 weeks before for same reason
 going to smoke this loud and pray  i want to die
 couldnt tell yall the last time i smoked a cigarette amp its the greatest feeling 
 bruh who tf brought weed browni oh yeah.. 
 that had to be at least 3 weeds
 because the war on drugs  especially weed  has worked so well  
 yeah im both. yeah i had a drink  yeah i smoked. yeah you think i need you  but i dont 
 @huffpostpol legal marijuana sales are huge  and @potus fight against them is more proof of his business incompetency and pettiness
 even without smoking weed you dont have to be miserable or seek anyones approval 
 online lawmakers push for hemp comeback in wisconsin  
 .@realdonaldtrump you realize legal weed brings in millions of tax dollars and hurts cartels all you care about it your butt buddies
 literally up for no fucking reason rn and its my day ooooffff time to start drinking my life away lol someone come over and smoke wme
 nawh nigga smoke aint supposed to be in yo lungs no matter how many pipes bongsz and paper u light yo shit still m 
 only been walking for 5 minutes and already got smoke blown in my face twice.
 i got weed delivered to the @bostonglobe for a story. youll never guess what happened next. mapoli bospoli 
 i believe in cannabis. ive witnessed how it can help people  save lives  and stop opoiod abuse. it should also be as legal as alcohol. 
 i smoke weed so im not crazy
 he left me some weed   but no gars 
 the shit i hate about ppl of religion who dont agree w homosexuals is that they swear up and down its sinning but drink  smoke  lie  etc
 omg my migos shirt literally reeks of weed......... it not me i swear
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke. and i swear too much on the regular. we gone let them hits fly  we gone let her go
 what do smoking weed stop i get money and smoke weed at the same time im goody 
 people that post videos of themselves smoking on snapchat all the time is annoying yeah we get it you smoke a lot  doesnt make you cool
 doctor asked if i only smoke 1 blunt a day and i said yeah but actually thinking about it i smoke at least 810
 medad my cough is so bad from the flu ...olegin all seriousness or maybe its from that cigarette i saw you smoke once in 2014
 yes i get it  you have a maserati and a few rolexes  you dont have to pretend to smoke your stupid vape to show everyone douchebag
 one time i whole ass ran a red asf light tryna beat the homies to a smoke spot.. like i think about it daily its a wonder nothin happened 
 bruh my dog a weed head already
 when you aint smoke all day so you choke on every hit 
 @soiicy @officiallyice nah aint no excuse b its been months son let me down. drake said they dont want no smoke b
 i swear everybody in austin sells weed
 tolerance is so low still smoke a whole gar
 just smoke one 
 according to some  cannabis may also provide key financial relief in the wake of the opioid epidemic.  
 if you support alcohol being legal and taxed but support the prohibition of cannabis youre a special kind of stupid
 i support legalized weed as much as the next cryptozoologist but the job title budtender is an affront to my sensibilities and soul
 no ones at the crib.. n its nice out... time to smoke 
 anthonywest aragon west held up by the budget  plans for thailand go up in smoke the australian rider will not 
 3 things im stingy wit my time  my food  my weed.
 reminiscing about the days when i had weed 
 i feel happier when i smoke raws
 im not going to class  hits legal marijuana finishes ipa  class yeah thats chill
 i guess the neighbors think im gownin weed. yeah the neighbors think im gownin weed. well motherfucker i am .
 also my fingers smell like fresh weed so thats why i have my hand to my face all day
 pa auditor general depasquale recommends regulating  taxing marijuana to help generate revenue. 
 why cant i have my first high every time i smoke 
 just got my lost in smoke 2 tee that @kinglilg shit with the 90s kid hat sucios @kinglilg 90skid lostinsmoke2 
 i guess the neighbors think im gownin weed. yeah the neighbors think im gownin weed. well motherfucker i am . 
 so is all of burke on fire or am i hallucinating smoke everywhere.
 wow  ive never seen anyone smoke weed before  tysm for putting it on your story every single time you inahale the devils lettuce 
 i swear after i smoke i be feeling so good 
 shamelessly flirts w the lil indian man that works at the smoke shop for a discounted bong
 first time playing ball amp im 30 who want smoke
 @refuse2lose2010 i mean hes cancelled his appearance. so theres some smoke
 and much safer than alcohol crime in wa is lower legal weed to bring state muchneeded 1billion or more tax re 
 home grow abuse hurts our legal marijuana perception  says @salpace  supports hb1220.
 who want be my uber everyday gotchall with the gas amp ill smoke with yall.  wassup
 @reallastname @polearmguy as a general rule  smoked and seasoned meat with sauce is great. vinegar based nah
 kyes happily resting before pushing our first born in to the world. great time for the latest cannabist show 
 my professor funny asl talm bout sarcastically like there gonna poison your weed specifically 
 @erieballboys @eriebaseball when you guys learn how to handle the running game and hold runners  well go ahead and smoke you in the court.
 even walkers need to have a smoke and a rest. @ walker stalker convention 
 i smoke almost everyday and i still maintain a 90 average in college
 literally saw an old woman almost turn into a tumble weed in this damn wind
 yo this girl smokes so much fucking weed  when bitches check my snap story 
 finally home from school now its time to smoke 
 yeah im both yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked yeah you think i need you but i dont
 she dont smoke but everytime she with me we be faded
 legal weed still makes me mad yo
 @ifindthemissing but you didnt ignore my rant....instead you frothed and shook like a pentecostal preacher. holy smokes enjoyed the rebuke
 i need a full day of just fucking  with smoke and snack breaks every like 3 hours
 im sad bc im running out of weed 
 legalize weed and send all the fuck nigga studs to jail  jadeforpresident 
 we smoke up like everyday
 uhhh i just saw a cop stop his car in the middle of an intersection to attempt to blow os out of his window with cigarette smoke
 when i see pregnant  women smoking it makes me so mad  it should be illegal to smoke while pregnant could we pass that law. @vancouverus
 off work   time to smoke some bowls and play resident evil 
 @senatormenendez @senschumer @njdotcom stop blowing smoke up eveybody but no grandpa will be deported but the criminals should be
 fav if you only smoke that gas 
 so you know fucking what im quitting cannabis related anything until i get a full time job.
 when you think its a storm outside but its actually smoke from all of the fires..
 sorry just a little confused why you can face a joint at 18 in california and cant smoke a stoag... idk just seems backward haha
 i smoke weed all day everyday even with my mom
 all the women that smoke weed only a daily basis gone end up just like her and wont see a problem with it lol 
 its literally the end of the world outside and i still cant get a booth at smokey row.
 my moms bf arguing with her cuz i have weed in my bra and its making the whole house stink and he dont smoke no more.
 literally just used my vibrator to reach my lighter so i didnt have to get out of bed to smoke
 when i was in high school  every time i got hit on dice i used to hit up oomf and go smoke and lay up sad as shit
 three charged in monroe county drug raid nine guns  marijuana  heroin  28 000 seized  
 @networksmanager smoke and mirrors  they think we are stupid
 i dont do drugs but if you were one  id smoke you every night
 @jasongay its early  but your well see legal marijuana on the pga tour before legal cargo shorts is my favorite golf one liner of 2017
 who want to smoke swear i need more smoking friends
 time to smoke some weed
 swear i smoke milds like blunts  shit crazzyyy.
 sooooooo.... my dad officially knows i smoke weed..... idk how i feel about that......
 next time you smoke your cone  pop the cap.. makes it easier to light.. 
 i know larry sanders is somewhere doing back flips seeing what happened to bogus. just hope he dont smoke one to celebrate n fuk it up 
 i just be smelling weed out of no where  idk if i be tripping orrr what
 i swear i smoke to much 
 you dont really have to take pictures of your weed every time you smoke it.
 i like to pee and smoke dope at the same time
 my high ass got the weed but no gars i swea i dont be thinking
 guey you just put tajn in the weed
 i smoke a personal every night b4 i go to bed
 if i dont smoke every few hours i turn into a demon
 @abbeyshea it has not been a great day  no. at least you can get your hands on legal weed. for now.
 my asthmaallergies can not handle all this smoke
 my asthmaallergies can not handle all this smoke
 im a different person when i smoke  im so much happier
 @ihg you know its a windy ne day when you pull up amp your hotel has a wall of tumble weeds in front of it 
 son smoked himself b. send help 
 everybody has facetimed at least one person who has never put batteries in the smoke alarm 
 everyday self care ritual sheet mask  incense amp weed 
 bruh weed make me so lazy from now on  i aint smoking no mo. 
 time to smoke a bowl amp do some 
 if you had to choose just one who would you smoke with
 this smoke is going to make me crazy 
 reminiscing rolling weed up
 stan the man got hella bands .. got a  on the weed plug on the xanax .... happy b day nephew @b
 okay so all of a sudden no one is sa has weed.
 this person has this horse very close to where i live and when i go outside to smoke i can see it staring at me like  i see you. kinda weird
 i had a drink  yeah  i smoked
 i seriously smell weed in this flight.  onlyincolorado
 how many times yall smoke a day
 why cant weed be legal 
 every night my mom rubs my back w that magic hippy voodoo weed butter and its so appreciated
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 no one wants to smoke with me so ill just face
 about to smoke one  
 finally let shorty smoke in my car  
 smoke weed every day.  pickmeupin4words
 off the next 3 days who tryin to chill  smoke and workout
 bruh.... i just want to fucking smoke with someone rn
 confused how you can be 21 years old and not know how to spell marijuana. no wonder youre single and on tinder. 
 lol people who smoke be like  im doing good i went a whole seven hours with out smoking  
 reasons why weed shouldnt be legal... go
 the first one youd see outside a 711 selling weed and the other one is that girl that always eats in class. 
 i rs lost a bag of fucking weed in my car 
 last night i learned that i need to sweep my chimney once a year after my house filled with smoke.  one ladder a pi 
 holy smokes the wind out here this morning its fierce rain and thunder in the area also. ohwx
 when i smoke i face
 @darealtank78 can i offer you a smoke and a pancake that will definitely make you sluggish....
 everytime. weed or cigarettes. 
 every time i smoke weed i look at myself and realize how cute i am
 i swear and i already smoked so im be happy af when i get to work 
 @juicyfishtaco smoke weed everyday
 every nigga ik that smoke is retarded in some way.
 i see your nyc pocket of sudden weed smell and i raise you nyc sudden tang of gunpowder
 this smoke is crazy  i cant even imagine how amarillo is
 after i smoke this dub bag imma stop smokin cuz yeah
 @abathingmido if i see plaque in your teeth  aint no smoke for you lol
 before i had smokes but no lighter now i have no smokes and a lighter y is the world cruel
 ..this time the smoke really flying into my face. i bend down to grab my gopro amp tripod off the ledge as my recording is now done amp ...
 taxes from weed in colorado go to the school system .. they said they expect to bring in 30 million this year
 every time i smoke i burn my fucking nail 
 instructor been talking bout smoking weed for about 6 minutes now lol
 @talkmaster   a day without feminist would be a great way for single guys to weed out the psychos from the dating pool.
 why cant weed just be legal in texas 
 have my whole day planned out amp then i smoke and end up laying in bed for 45 minutes 
 bout to roll across campus like tumble weed 
 but yeah  marijuana is bad you guys. 
 i wouldnt due to the smoke  just in general  weed isnt the same weed like before  a lot more chemicals in it than 
 i love my long nails but i have to smoke 
 once i smoke ill b very happy
 wish my sister hurry up for i can smoke and get this day counted as a suspension day
 @weedsenpai well at least our weed isnt garbage
 isnt weed legal in cali  
 mama know ion do nun but smoke  allattt other shii for the birds
 mf still think they got me figured out  any way good day to smoke  well everyday 
 @akakatie1 thats great mum amp dad both smoked amp grandma  none of us kids did  think all tired of living in cloud of smoke l
 id rather be smoking weed whenever we breathe
 ben carson  whoever your weed man is... bruh  youre amok
 i set off the smoke alarm every time i use the oven. every. time.
 @realbencarson  whoever your weed man is... bruh  youre smoking a really bad strain...
 mfs will have a petty weed charge  wont show up to court  and have a failure to appear warrant out for dem. like u gotta be one dumb mf..
 wake up brush my teeth smoke then record 
 my mama get mad when i call my weed my fix 
 my belt cost a stack all i smoke is loud pack you show out you get whacked
 idleness is actually literally really good..naturally..and marijuana is good..pleasures good.... 
 to meditate as awareness state many r tapping in as a. gain of events has been reveled as reveals itself thru a veil of smoke n need light
 and your all complaining because... marijuana is soon to be a legal drug everywhere so.... 
 inthisworld we have transformed marijuana into a form of entertainment but havent released one person in jail because of it
 woke up for the first time in years without an urge to smoke some piff and im so confused
 one time this kid told my mom i smoked behind bowie everyday. who tf would even do that
 i swear mathews 5.9 smokes so much
 these niggas smoke all day everyday but still late on the rent
 and cue the smoke  the lights and the dramatic music.....time to go into work. tuesdaythought 
 key to happiness is sumn to drink on  smoke on and sumn to go home and poke on.
 @thcax awh   was gonna say smoke. what time are you out  at 3 
 think about all the weed that gets poured down the toilet every year
 natalie  you cant smoke a whole pack in an hour
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 @jkarsh legal weed will be on that docket.
 yeah i smoke  doesnt mean i wanna smoke with you
 2 more hours until i can smoke some marijuana
 @governordeal how bout you fix the heroin problem that is killing people and let us have our medical marijuana that is saving lives
 @pre3tty1 lol imma smoke next time i see you  
 if weed didnt smell  i would be the highest nigga of all time
 my favorite thing to do before work is smoke out of my bong  smoke a cig then down 4 shots of espresso lol
 one more day until i can smoke again. just one more day 
 listening to my professors podcast to study for a midterm and realized it starts with the instrumental to smoke  drank by @wakaflocka waka
 one time my mom told me that i should try to quit smoking weed and i straight laughed in her face
 if you think its cool to talk about how much weed you smoke and how many boys you fuck its not so stop youahoe
 i get higher and save hella weed using a bong . i luuuuuuuuuuuuv it 
 istg if one more person blows cigarette smoke near me were gonna have a problem
 i have to take my moms friend somewhere today and i smoked in my car this morning and the past three days  rip me
 hmmmh watts radios compton marijuana wtf fuck u
 this generation confuses me bc people will judge you for not buying 31 gluten free face scrub but then go outside and smoke a cigarette...
 professor how many of u have parents who smoke random kid are we talking cigs or weed   
 someone explain to me how you take weed via your butt bc im so confused. what wypipo do in their free time is ridi 
 the only good thing is she smokes and shes really nice. but fuuuuck. facetime every damn 5 minutes calling every hour chhhiilllll.
 we just be trafficking marijuana
 i think im just going to go home and smoke and read on my front porch.
 i think im just going to go home and smoke and read on my front porch.
 every time i mention tender greens people thinking im referring to a weed shop
 smoking with weed you cause you taught me too
 i donated money to some guys because their music program was being shut down  or they just wanted weed idk but i did a good thing 
 its definitely time to smoke now lol
 @spookperson change the 200 000 a month on chemo to 200 a month on weed
 @rickybreeze yeah montreal was sick  the people  food  drinks  nightlife  fashion and cops letting us smoke lol. heard toronto lit tho
 @daveweigel id like to smoke what yall smoking...
 confused about what you should say your first time in a marijuana shop we got you coveredhttpst.co7az0t2gwqf 
 smoke weed everyday 
 shes looks like a disney princess but one that doesnt need a man and smokes 7 blunts to the face a day 
 remembering the time harry burke wrote about dean blunt which basically amounted to seems like weed... and helium that was good content.
 i swear marty smokes a blunt every time before he tweets something
 pa auditor general eugene depasquale projects 200 million in revenue a year if marijuana is taxed.   imagine what good that  could do...
 my mama said i need to stop using weed as an escape drug cuz when im sober my problems still gon be there 
 now the niggas i put on swear they can out smoke me  i just be like you got it b 
 im a lost ball in high weeds i swear
 on my second day without smoking my reefers. my everyday activities aint  interesting no more and my food isnt good.
 whenever i get the urge to smoke.... i just read out the quran...
 border patrol do you smoke no bp looks at visine and lighter  
 i swear my mom smoke
 every time i get on snapchat  somebody wastin weed.
 just got out the bath bouta smoke a cigarette and get back to my youtube liked videos i just listen to my friends so i can tell you how...
 yeah  future is a weed smoking absentee dad. just like ya bf but i dont see you writing think pieces on your situation tho
 i need a relationship like the one i have with marijuana
 @leahrboss  on the plus side.  a day without feminist will show single guys who the psychos are and can weed them out of the dating pool.
 im going outside with abbie alright go smoke and kill yourself i am
 i aint never done it but ig im snorting the crack since youre supposed to smoke it anyway  
 kadie hempfling a triple double 17 points 11 rebounds 12 assists and 8 steals
  swear i need a loyal weedman this nigga take forever or always gotta re up bitch you fired
 yeah  @jasoninthehouse  i hate iphones  iacaampdont like the smoke youre blowing. watch @johngreen s amptry again. 
 when ubers smoke u out gt
 every single smoke alarm is going off in my house and they wont stop and my dad isnt home sos
 my short term memorys pretty fucking solid for a weed smoker.
 srsly about to smoke a b by myself. 
 psa its healthier to take molly once every week than weed multiple times a day every week...
 all chicks do nowadays is smoke on snap chat and get they nails done occasionally 
 im soo tempted to smoke
 i sit in my whip smoke a black n listen to music everyday
 crying while smoking weed is the most horrible thing i swear to godddd.
 speaker use massachusetts marijuana revenue to fight addiction 
 liquid  marijuana i hate you
 how come every time someone finds out i smoke they just assume im high all the time lol
 she dont smoke but everytime she with me she be faded 
 first time buying weed off oomf and he gave me the deals
 pray for the families of this wildfire. it got so bad that the smoke traveled all the way to odessa.  
 that moment that the guy your dating goes amp buys weed from your ex while you sit in the car but they not aware of it 
 not a good time unless i smoke mine
 i need to smoke... im too worked up.
 lol that i literally cant stop smoking weed and tweeting about harry potter until 1am
 lol that i literally cant stop smoking weed and tweeting about harry potter lmao like that wasnt just a tweet one time i actually do this
 when the cops smell the weed but you tell them you already smoked it. 
 every time i smoke with a female  i secretly wonder how many dicks theyve sucked
 @starlifenick wat u know bout smokee robinson dawg thats one of my favorite mixtapes ever
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 when a bowl is too beautiful to smoke so you kinda just sit there staring at it for a couple minutes
 ill never forget when shorty said she like smoking reggie bc good weed be having her too high  
 i didnt know weed was legal here....its a wrap
 this is a crazy world  thats why we have to smoke weed
 when people become weed heads they become sluggish  lazy  stupid and unconcerned lmao
 wait  how will everyone know that i smoke weed if i dont take pictures every time i do it
 alcohol is basically a drug that is legal thats weird isnt it  im always confused why weed isnt legal thats all
 yeah i had a drink  yea i smoked
 @larryelder the plan is smoke....still is a taxable event  federal crime if you dont purchase.  why cant there be simple schedules of cost
 i just wan chill and look at you while we smoke a blunt and talk about good times hard times bad times and fly times ... itshtaf 
 literally  all day. minus smoke breaks. 
 infinite chips or one million hits of weed
 i just want to smoke a bowl while i sit on @notadrummer96 face.   
 im not a rich @columbiarecords artist .. im a homeless unsigned artist .. google addam b .. smoke a joint and play it loud .. 
 i have the lamest friends ever. i was smoking my buddy out  after one bowl he passed out. left me to smoke alone in a parking lot smh
 lonny woke me up with the stupid tv and now im making him smoke with me. its 5 am.
 apparently colorado has accrued 1 billion dollars in marijuana sales. so lets make every state legal. so it can create these jobs and stuff
 lucky i get to wake up next to this smoke show every morning  wcw 
 every time i smoke some bomb ass weed the night before i wake up feeling even more stoned   happyhumpday 
 yeah i had a drink and i smoke. man i said id do it amp i did
 if your life consist of not doing anything but partying and smoking weed. we cant fw each other. im trying to make it somewhere
 today is a day without a woman. does this mean we men get to smoke fat green cigars all day  and just be stinky 24 hours is a long time
 i love weed but if people seriously think itll reverse cancer they are fucking delusional
 dead asf swear a tumble weed could just float bye. 
 every single person at work either smokes or does chew. pretty sure the second hand smoke is making me sick. 
 i wake up for literally 3 seconds and the first words i hear wanna smoke an extendo you know i cant say no
 i smoke when i drink its tradition
 she dont smoke but every time she with me she be faded 
 every time i was coming over to smoke i didnt realize i was tricking smh
 instead of rattling your neolib mouth..show us proof smokingjoe ..youre always blowing smoke up our butts.. 
 yeah im both  yeah i had a drink   yeah i smoke .
 felony level  you have to have an awful lot of weed to snag a felony 
 historically marijuana possession has been a 1game suspension. well see what happens with this one.
 they tested out the smoke machine for entrances and just so you guys know it works
 my last person was defective so if youre looking for a pal to adventure and smoke with hit me up
 my brother in law friend girl smoked the whole time she was pregnant and the boy 4 looking 8 and might have learnin 
 mad props to the ganja bong 
 question.. where does leaving school to smoke and drink everyday get you in life  
 okay so i cant do drugs or ill get fired from my job but my co worker smokes crack everyday and gets away with it  like wtf is that shit
 bruh... i do not have to smoke my weed with you.
 i smoke like its legal
 i smoke like its legal
 @ilovecali i get it guys  you niggas smoke all day everyday but when is you favorite time to smoke
 every single day my hallway smells like weed. the guys next door smoke whenever lmao. they have no chill
 stupid medical marijuana stocks reacting to news. stupid money flushing away.
 @kcebert @chillymostfresh hes a weed stalker 
 @chillymostfresh @kcebert you dont know my wife. she goes out and pulls weeds every day. shes the weed terminator 
 ya smoke weed dontcha 
 i think i wanna smoke after school with my face mask on 
 i sometimes tell myself to not face a whole blunt  to just smoke half but i always end up facing 
 premiere watch @tukicarter new video drinking weed on @respectmag  tgod shot by 
 drop 5 or if i smoke her out she got me next time 
 like no one told me i would have to weed out so many snakes 
 1 oz and 14 of weed and u can get 7 years in jail  never going to missouri again 
 yeah im both yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked
 @dwayneharry i know that but who df gone put weed in they ass
 dont blame marijuana for pharmas opioid assault on americans. 
 i called off im tired i need to smoke some weed
 my professor really said if youre gonna smoke  at least smoke the good stuff 
 @jdunnington or ppl going to tribal smoke shops to buy them and the state sees none of that money. we need sustainability not one amp done.
 should we say grace before we smoke this bong
 me every time i tell myself im not going to buy weed this week 
 yeah im both  yeah i had a drink yeah i smoked
 lmao chuck left his weed with me and said save it for me for next time
 i remember this video b smoked something a little stronger cuz she was buggin 
 i saw a painting at the high times cup. i asked the dude is that berner he said yeah. its for sale. is it on weed paper. can i smoke it
 and its still  as far as i know  perfectly legal to not give someone a job for using legal weed.  hmm.  well  time to put may to test.
 just remembered i have a philosophy midterm in an hour... time to smoke
 damr vro is that weed which is ellegal or tobacco legal
 every single cig smoker in tn has came into walgreens amp blew in my face
 @madisonhronek @madisonhronek remember that one time on new years eve we smoked w rockford kids and they didnt know what that meant
 so i traded being able to go to bars and buy my own alcohol in australia for the opportunity to buy some real genuine weed in the usa 
 @countonvic shhh lets weed out the stupid people.
 i love the fact i can smoke with my parents but now everytime im lit when im not supposed to be they know 
 premiere watch @tukicarter new video drinking weed on @respectmag  tgod    
 females can smoke all day but not wash they pussy
 @povlur i literally have never smoked weed before
 the real money in the weed game. making organic chemicals to grow the weed. cuz those booths full of freebies. thats legal money
 if you smoke  you are either weak or stupid.
 is weed legal up here  cause colorado  im above you 
 @richiee95 bro ill smoke four bogeys at once every day for the next five years
 me and deandre smoke damnea every day
 i went home for a weed break and now i am very confused and standing in front of my ex boyfriends apartment
 @isaiahrashad wya lol im 7 hours early lets smoke a blunt firstinline 
 try to hit my moms car or smokey and ill handle you myself 
 i got weed for us to smoke. shorty issa rap.
 bruh  sketch ass homeboy in my class who said we should all smoke together is now arguing that heroin should be accessible to all
 next person to sell me some poop weed im reporting them to the cops 
 i smoke by my self literally 95 of the time lol that shit be drying me out fr 
 eat  smoke and watch movies first or workout first
 @doubletakejesse @armyparent wait...is this supposed to scare people into smoking weed or not  im confused.
 men who only snap themselves smoking weed are 9.99999910 times champ af.
 but weed is legal here so i guess it evens out...
 she dont smoke but every time she with me we be faded
 my hunger is on one thousand whenever i smoke i cant
 me everyday after i smoke my afterschool blunt 
 smoking weed all the time and having no goals is a waist of time and life
 so im at work and the plummer sees the carpenter and says hes about to go smoke a bowl by the lake and didnt even invite us fuck him
 every fire truck  undercover police  and cop car are speeding towards the pillar of smoke west of foco.
 coughs dad what u doing up there smoking weed   lol whaaaaat
 12 minutes into ganjas spring promo mix is a reason why i get up in the morning
 @asaakira ever try putting on a ping pong show or blowing smoke rings with that thing   intlwomensday
 yesterday i posted a pic of an amazing sunset with smoke bc of a brush fire. today  we still 
 using my tax returns to buy legal weed is how i imagine uncle sam wouldve wanted it to be spent.
 my mama used to threat that shed tell my gma i smoke weed if i act up  amp this whole time she already knew 
 @sophiesgunner @cbsnews so dogs can handle marijuana
 @amazonmusic  google addam b .. 59 double albums on amazon .. smoke a joint and play it loud ..
 i smoke when i drink its tradition
 @potus mr president if these cities an counties want to b a sanctuary for illegals if i am correct marijuana is still illegal federal raid
 @greggoodnight welcome to kokomoindiana where you cant smoke cigarettes in a bar but you can buy meth and heroin on every corner.
 when you try to balance  work  smoking weed  and partying. 
 yeah i smoked a lil too much.
 also  @ my body.. if i can drop weed like a hot potato why cant i stop smoking cigs 
 still confused why weed isnt legal in the whole nation 
 long day  its cold  rainy amp im done  so methinks its time for a smokesesh. time to smoke cannabis bluedream 
 @joshmye40051242 im smoked word man glad youre here watching me drink  spending time with your friends
 @foxnews @speakerryan  time to blow smoke up your own ass this time.
 i dont know how many times i gotta tell my mom i smoke for her to believe me lmaooo
 love my aunt bc shes an old hippie who smokes and my cousin too bc hes exactly like me burnt as fuck 247 
 idgaf what you choose to do with your body but i will drag your ass if you think you can smoke inside my apartment go outside 
 you can see pianist hands with long bended fingers extracting music from a magical contraption. smoke starts billowing suprising no one
 @katmckinley take away his heroin  cocaine  amp marijuana.
 when niggas cant handle the weed and swear they got laced 
 niggas stop having these kids think moving a lil bit of drugs is going to make them rich they going get smoked  smoke someone or jail
 im the laziest weed smoker ever.. i said i was bout to roll up like an hour ago
 prolly smoke some moonrocks one last time amp kickin the habit 
 i think i jut smoked myself stupid malia
 mom dukes think this weed thing a phase lls but shit at the end of the day a blunt put me to sleep soo
 how many of yall are going to see the smokechainers
 i took two hits off a pipe and used my smoke buddy like an hour again what the fuck is going on
 @drunkbrianf im just one of smokeys creations is represented somewhere. one of his cars is at ims at the very least. truly a great
 not smoking these past 3 days have really made me realize that i have a crazy dependence for weed
 no. because i explained asthma  croupamp2nd hand smoke2u in a conversational informative way my husband is probs gonna abuse me later4speaking
 these niggas come to smoke weed every night behind my house smh i swear irongate is so ghetto 
 ion see how mfs smoke woods.. i be tooooo high
 just smoked a joint. worried with the thought that i just broke my sobriety. its just weed and just this one time but still unsure tears
 hour ago  scoliosisosteoporosis was screaming and anxiety amp exhaustion levels nutso. after quality cannabis therapy  i can smile again.
 im not sure any one can top how much me and alicia smoke one the daily  weekly  monthly 
 pretty fucken over this day  at least im picking up weed after work 
 i smoke weed everyday
 @brileydta lol. like i said im still straight and weed isnt a drug  im dead as fuck
 time to smoke
 i think im gonna smoke a whole pack of cigs as soon as im done with this workout
 since marijuana is legal up here thats all i smell almost everywhere i go. i mean theres a dispensary right outside of my dorm 
 study finds legal cannabis will cause a 2 billion drop in beer sales  alcohol lobbies freaking out 
 @i8flyingspaghe1 weed isnt legal there yet.
 why the fuck does it take 30 minutes to smoke a fucking cigarette why
 waited 2 hours to smoke  then when i smoked i couldnt get it lit and also burnt my damn eyebrow
 diabetic t1d smoke free in one hour smoke free in one hour stop smoking quickly and  type1diabetes diabetes
 @notacyberbuiiy 420 smoke weed everyday
 im supposed to be gettin up to smoke my blunt but im too comfortable
 bruh i need to smoke
 when you show up to your dealers house to cop and end up getting smokedmy back blownout 
 every time i see a truth commercial it makes me want to smoke a cigarette
 this guy added me on snap and said   you live in gt colton  you smoke right uh no sorry  why  explains  lol he deleted me
 i actually smoke everyday now.
 your mcm thinks spaceghostpurrp and smokepurpp the same person
 i could be doped up on weed  xan  and every other downer and tomi lahren would still make me so fucking mad
 theres at least 6 middletown cops here and theres weed in my car. im shook
 federal time.. free li burton with the rapper weed  
 someone who smokes 2 packs a day tries you vape and says they can handle it lol  
 no matter how many times i wash my clothes my shit still smell like weed when i iron it 
 bam talking bout i quit smoking weed mook.. so im like when this man said yesterday
 its all that legal weed. 
 jake amp i just smoked together on face time during his break. if thats not goals then idk what is 
 shorty you should roll with me ... come over and smoke with me 
 @mccannww  put a statue in front of a bull. we taught a statue of a seal how to smoke. fearlessgirl didyouknow 
 last time i checked  vaping was legal  but weed isnt so 
 fair enough  health canada has every right to do this. you cant be selling cannabis with human pathogens in them thats just not cool
 i occasionally smoke cigarettes but i smoke weed everyday
 roll one smoke one 
 @mistresslucyxx can you smoke a bong
 @bipartisan can paulryan play stupid ampsay he didnt knowlike us going to judge and saying  i thought i was smoking tobacco not weed
 pulled out my laptop charger in class amp my weed container fell out at my professors feet
 anytime i hear someone say well cant you just skip work i swear to god smoke starts billowing out of my ears my face turns red im angry
 im at still smoken in federal heights  co 
 whys it always the crackhead looking motherfuckers trynna say sum bout weed... 
 @franksturgell @jandersonap @crisantaduran @senatorgrantham @goldmansachs were spending a b on marijuana and goldman sachs go on...
 the hour nap was not on my agenda. i really wanted to smoke lol i smoked when i woke up tho no biggie just funny how my body said fuck me
 whenever i listen to smoke  im like yas . see yall saturday @maddieandtae
 that time to roll up and smoke on a nice day like this thats for sure
 i swear i been high for 2 hours   smoked one au leaf
 school is annoying i wanna smoke a b
 all of the sudden im tasting gas on my tongue but i didnt even smoke at all today . am i trippin or what 
 if u could maybe not b a piece of shit by blowing ur cigarette smoke right in my face thatd b appreciated 
 this is bout the 100th time this girl in my class said she didnt do hwstudy bc she got really high amp went to sleep..we get it girl u smoke
 my favorite people are the ones who go to local shows and literally smoke cigarettes outside during every set
 literally almost broke my ankle at my sisters house pulling weeds  why tf is there a 12ft concrete wall that drops into the neighbors yard
 i think ima buy a bowl so i can smoke by myself 
 send all submissions to hemphopmagazine@yahoo.com the bible for the new entertainment 
 send all submissions to hemphopmagazine@yahoo.com the bible for the new entertainment 
 you right amp the weed sucks there too 810 times idk what hes defending 
 can you fight marijuana laws with rico suits 
 im confused why are ppl mad that currently illegal weed dispensary in canada being closed down. its not legal yet. whats the fuss
 idk how some of yall can smoke cigarettes on a daily basis.
 i agree with the legal issues in the article  marijuana its illegal to  grow buy sell or carry marijuana under federal law sacksteinpd8
 rain drop   drop top.   about to smoke this blunt and get stupid fucking hightop 
 i asked my mom why she never calls me first and she said she didnt want to disturb me if me and my buddies were smoking marijuana
 when you find out your co worker smokes 
 there are actually 2 types of smoke detectors amp the popular one can be least effective. which does your home have 
 soo let them smoke so they wont fuck u up in the process.
 protip do not smoke a whole pack of cigarettes just before checking into the hospital for a pulmonary function test. smh
 you got some mufuckin uhhhhhh dirt weed.
 made it to canada just in time to find out that recreational weed is legal here. time to see what kensington has to offer
 tbt @designerhigh first cannabis rolling class. were we taught people how to make a witches 
 i been smokin weed for a very long time time
 @funder @mtracey yeah  i think you got it right with the good weed. maybe if we were all smoking the same thing as you  we might agree.
 listening to banjo music with @macklaw in the ole smokey plaza. couldnt be happier 
 ri attorney general opposes marijuana legalization. 
 ive yet to smoke in a jacuzzi or bubble bath
 check out this highly refreshing cover story from @newsweek on women in weed.   
 why every time we do a video ... its 85 weed smoke. lol.
 swear this lifestyles so contagious  swear i told myself that id never be a smoker fail  watch me inhale
 fuck it roll another one smoke it to the face
 @hupperts @reallastname i dont think theres enough weed in the world to enable me to do this
 the summer will be well deserved. i plan on being intoxicated by alcohol or cannabis 90 of the time ... believethat
 jus smoked a blizzy w my mom oneforthebooks
 @youthfulbuddha i am referring to the intense smell of marijuana 
 i better smoke all this legal pot  get cancer and fund my one man show this week. healthcarereform statesrights nea
 yeah  im both.                       yeah  i had a drink  yeah  i smoked yeah  you think i need you but i dont
 got7 may have been lowkey selling weed all this time and we didnt know. bambam has been dabbing a lot these days anyway lol jk
 my boyfriend exclusively smokes the black ones and they can be so hard to find sometimes and it pisses me off 
 i remember the first time i heard the term rapper weed now thats all i smoke.
 @alloutshow john looks like harry potter has aids and smokes crack 
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing @ the mediterranean  
 guys with huge  stupid  loud trucks i hate the most. like why is it cool blowing smoke in peoples faces amp fuck the sound is annoying enough
 topped with tumble weed mmmm my fav 
 niggas be spending a whole 40 on weed but cant buy a house lmfao 
 i done met parents that smoke blunts with their kids but na instead mine gotta be like you gonna end up in jail for smoking weed
 yallllll so every time i roll a wood ill hit a couple times and put it out .. that shit be sittin  ill smoke it and my throats is dead. y
 my ex bf from hs is trying to sell me some weed 
 i swear cops are fucking dramatic when it comes to weed
 you done fuck the plug and he say..  yeah  im still gon need 10 if you trynna smoke 
 got a request to make cannabis oil for a patient out of state. yeah  it can be done and shipped in 2 days
 my first time smoking weed i remember i was so high thought i was gone pass out
 of her car amp was lookin all crazy sayin fuck who lol like bitch sit ur ass back down i was so tempted to blow weed smoke in her face
 you fall on your face screaming the whole way down all drunk off the alcohol you consumed. while i chill and smoke while weeds illegal smh
 dr. sonnee weedn is my guest tomorrow on 103.7 fm 107.1 fm 9 am cst  well talk 
 snoop dogg told a reporter he smokes 81 blunts a day...... thats almost 7 blunts an hour... liftoff
 these are the reputable sources supposed to save us from the scourge of dispensary weed  fyi. 
 @mspmetrodet im going to continue ignoring the actual law because its stupid. just like ill keep ignoring federal marijuana laws.
 one two three fo who want some smoke from glo 
 alcohol is in the top 10 most toxic substances and marijuana is the least toxic and yet its still one of the highest criminalized drugs
