 i smoked at 10 i and i just woke up rn
 ganja babe. my sweet ganja babe. i love the way you love me and the way you misbehavin 
 having strep throughout the first week of class is terrible because everytime we do ice breakers i sound like i smoke 10 packs a day.
 my girls are cooking supper and doing a fantastic job. sauted fresh spinach with bacon and smoked sausagepotatoesonions. plusdessert
 home cured  smoked and sliced bacon. nothing better bacon baconlovers @ clovis  california 
 eggs benedict with smoked salmon and arugula. 
 my life is falling apart right now and i cant even smoke a j
 one night im making a super bomb grilled chicken amp veggies  the next night im setting off the smoke detectors by burning bread 
 when @mirandance smoked for the first time 
 smokeytown  the songs of smokey robinson blew into @jimcaruso1 s cast party last night 
 @trnrtips wayne n myself received 2k eggs from the same pokestop and they were both weedles when they hatched.   thought ud wanna to know.
 @bethlyhallows smoked a few cigs in the walnut creek broadway plaza stairwells in my day...
  coconut pineapple margarita  smoked beef sausage  mac amp cheese  amp spring mix salad wblue cheese 
 smooooke  ganja white night
 drank all weekend smoked friday 
 @influenstervox @lauramercier the bronze and blue would be a great smokey look. 
 why is smoked gouda soooo good 
 i smoked a cig with mac demarco once
 i was so fucked up last night i smoked a blunt.
 i also added some smoked gouda  tomato  black beans and some diced carrots. i like livin this kinda life.
 i went to eat pickles and there was a piece of weed stuck to it which means last time ate pickles i was stoned like i am rn
 ill extend my office hours for the weed just for you 
 @nervousparts all buildings replaced by weeds
 today was my first smokeless days in a longggggggg time . i feel weird.
 something something lights @ green street smoked meats 
 i smoked my last stogeeee 
 thats for the weed amp food tho over the last few months. its been greatly appreciated
 i have a 500 000 dollar inheritance and i benefit everytime a million is made off of marijuana stocks
 pack  smoke  pass.
 did you smoke rt @bigbosskaia omg why am i feeling like this
 last weed tonight oneletterofftvshows
 @damarismarieee that time we smoked on your porch  
 had cotton mouth for the last 2 days  im starting to think someone  put marijuana it in something i ate.
 microsoft quietly becomes the first tech giant to enter the legal cannabis industry  via @marijuanatimesx
 im assuming the blonde sends weed 
 event alert wicked weed sour beer tasting at craft beer cellar hickory on feb 10th  @craftbeercellar @wickedweedbeer
 3. last time you smoked or drinked
 last time i smoked was yesterday  drank bout 3weeks ago 
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed the whip
 last time i smoked was 2 weeks ago 
 i was paranoid as shit riding with it i thought you could smell it thru my glove box so i smoked it all up
 i just heard some freshman talking and she goes yeahhh last weekend i smoked meth something doesnt add up
 today at our fusion stationpulled house roast beef with a smoked gouda sauce on fresh braided bread 
 i was smoked outtttt lmaoooooooo
 no crust smoked wings are the secret flavor wing sauce for the weekend. house smoked wings then 
  theyre takeout service is excellent. @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  culver city 
 barbeque ranch chicken salad.  their takeout service is excellent. @ lucilles smokehouse 
  lunch special 1230pm  330pm  smoked sausauge amp fries  6.99  6 wings 2 sides 
 we smoke os in the whip
 2nd week of coachella im staying in a house sponsored by weedmaps wth i love this industry
 our deconstructed hot chicken cobb is calling your name. the hickory smoked eggs and perfectly portioned bacon and 
 another smoked ash custom business card holder. this one heading to newfoundland. contact us to 
 i smoked so much yesterday i feel like im breathing thru one lung 
 @theherbkid @flipboard good jeff is a push over. he will be easy to defeat. marijuana users already know that about him  week ag
 i shouldve smoked this morning
 todays special due to popular demand naked smoked pulled pork 7oz whisky bbq sauce optional. 
 solid smoked turkey with mashed potatoes and mac cheese from pantry rosedale for lunch. 
 just had a nice lunch time to smoke my special cigar for a special day to celebrate my 1 year and a half sober a padron 1926 number90 maduro
 i sound like i smoke two packs a day.
 i had no conflicts until the lumineers  ganja white night  and pretty lights all start at weird times close to each other 
 is that buddy who pulled up and smoked with us outside that day 
 new wicked weed barrel aged french toast  and lost toys blend 2 1 per customer  tregs 
 do you smoke custom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 i smoked with my mama last night lol
 the many talents of a realtor.  just installed carbon monoxide and smoke detectors for for 
 today we have a schnitzel club on tuscan with smoked bacon  blue cheese  caramelized onion  dijon amp greens numefood
 the biggest bigot  douche bag white male got arrested in this town for weed  karma a bitch aint it tanner
 it was nice to see my old friends the twins last night smokey bones i havent saw them in a 
 smoked that grumpy weed today
 did you kmow that the first american flag was made out of hemp hmm 
 @sheelllbbbss idk i was just thinking about it haha but u cant smoke anymore its a tobacco free campus so
 steak nite capt stans smokehouse woodbine ga @hardscrabblemtn  pickin begins 630 
 fresh cut ribeyes get you some   baked potato  salad amp grilled veggies capt stans smokehouse 
 he isnt going to make weed legal either..his dad did the same thing..and dragged his feet with it until he was com 
 double smoked bacon with honey toast  thyme mashed potatoes. fried satsuma sweet potatoes in the background. yum an 
 the solution to your humpday hunger is this allnatural grilled turkey with smoked gouda  grilled amp fresh onion  p 
 tonights dinner smoked beef  mashed potatoes  corn and croissant rolls. @ pig in a pokey bbq 
 mykindofpartyincludes pardons for death row inmates fine wine  finer women amp the finest weed.
 chicken can be carbon farmed too. this one has walnut smoked parsnips and hen if the woods. @ 
 @ethannovak smoked gouda
 okay   last night of spending money of weed 
 the solution to your humpday hunger is this allnatural grilled turkey with smoked gouda  grilled amp fresh onion  p 
 @lsposto you potheads think you can smoke out of anything
 shredded beef bbqsandwich our brisket is slow smoked in house and soaked in our tangy bbq sauce 
 tonights assignment was interesting spoke with jim mcmahon  kyle turely amp boo williams about medical marijuana in 
 and yeah  thats sitting on a pile of smoked gouda mac n cheese shells.    you can just roll me out of here. 
 wicked chickpeas and fried capers with smoked paprika. midweek cocktail with a view. @ palomino 
 @designerhigh colorado first cannabis rolling class designerhighdenver  denverweed 
 if anyone can come up with a way to weed the bull from the truth  i bet shark tank would love to invest. this is getting insane.
 grilled veggies  rice  and smoked gouda stuffed bell peppers with igrill perfectly cooked 
 @spoonmoonjune ugh. i havent smoked in 3 days.
 what kind of comparison is this... aint no harm to smoke weed. not on the same level as banning an entire people. 
 @kdeezy13 when do you not want to smoke
 i smoked liked 49 blunts today.
 @emy4trump bezerkley has always been on the liberal razors edge spoiled  egomaniacs with allowances  from parents to pay for weed
 holy smokes the night about got away from me  sorry  im late for nebedchat 
 .@philcooke yeah  but it was just a harmless bunch of flowerhaired hippies  smokin weed amp droppin acid. theseun 
 @thelastword trump is smoke screening his fears are taxes and conflicts of interest. russian hacking this is the only way to impeach him 
  @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  cerritos 
 i wanna make some fried chicken smoked gouda mac and cheese greens cornbread mash potatoes and gravy  amp candied yams 
 so we have over a hundred fascist professors helped bring darkness and smoke to our campus tonight. should we be al 
 just cooked chicken without setting the smoke detectors off for the first time 
 my bitch onna og gas diet jus weed no meat
 @baddi @ciaracee never will i pass up some ganja 
 when i smoked i was asleep by 10 every work night now its after 12 every night
 about to smoke this j  get food  and call it a night
 then smoked with them after.
 there is a food show and the chef is cooking food with weed lol... he made breaded weed chicken
 i was about to type i cant remember the last time gmail made me happy  but then i remembered the marijuana discount last week
 @asialbx i once sprayed lysol in my mouth so my breath wouldnt smell like weed 
 do a line and smoke a light  call it tuesday night
 aunt might be moving thus weekend which means no more kiddos to watch some maybe i can just smoke myself retarded all weekend.
 holy smokes. whens the last time @reddit banned anyone thank you @alexisohanian 
 to all the cum boys out there that was me. i smoked too much and yelled at adam about rommel and got owned. 
 auburn fire says there were working smoke detectors in home  they likely helped everyone get out. 4 year old amp 1 adult minor injuries @wgme
 idk why i smoke before first period sociology kills my high so fast
 hands down best homemade peace i ever smoke out of was the killer bee  @joshgervasio  uncle was holding it down back in the day
 i think i fell asleep before 11 last night  holy smokes
 today is day 2 of not smoking amp it still sucks. those who smoked a pack a day for 10 years amp quit cold turkey  i call bullshit.
 we have a special treat planned for our frisco location tonight kobe smoked steak  jalapeo cheddar potatoes amp pi 
 done smoked all these packs separate  finna start
 done smoked all these packs separate  finna start mixin em
 i just smoked a blunt now im feeling like a star 
 we smoked a jay together so i did more then made the cut 
 i smoked a box of blunts for breakfasts and i woke up like hugh hefner 
 i smoked a box of blunts for breakfast and i woke up like hugh hefner 
 im still at the takin down phase. i started last night then smoked a blunt and said fuck it
 @itsbriiiiiiii a smoke out sesh is payment enough and some tacos
 lunch be a lady with our focaccia blt today. applewood smoked bacon aioli  lettuce  tomato on 
 @sonshine1022 onion rings amp texas toast also come with each plate of the kobe smoked steak just didnt have enough 
 i aint smoked in 2 months  but i smoked finally yesterday. ya girl was so high
 the thought of bbq  beer and fried oreos at smoke on the water is whats getting me through this work week
 @webergrills @virtualweber smoked salmon on a cold day in chicago   also smoked some bacon and sausage  love my 
 he smoked him 
 like a sweet campfire. super smoke and wonderful... plum baltic porter keg works collaboration 
 we too prefer the magic  @mach1alex19  welcome to the weedmaps gaming family  thanks for hanging at weedmaps h 
 @18rowdynation smoke is still rolling as hes waving the flag
 we too prefer the magic  @mach1alex19  welcome to the weedmaps gaming family  thanks for hanging at weedmaps h 
 beet salad with house smoked trout mixed with herbs  and a little creme fraiche colorful way 
 not sure if jim or nick was responsible for this  but either way i was v sad the whole time i ate my sauceless smoked chicken.
 ive had motion sickness since 10am yesterday and i feel like im gunna die. does anyone have weed and happens to be in new orleans
 wicked weed barrel aged french toast on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 apparently chipotle peppers arent a real pepper theyre just smoked  dried jalapeos.
 i just smoked my last blunt  like no this not gone b my night lol
 then smoked like 8 blunts today
 remember daylightsavings is this weekend. change your clock change your smoke detector batteries. @blazemark1 
 karina was trying to race and she got smoked
 im just tryna smoke and eat a pizza puff with fries and mild sauce 
 @candicerazo the first time i smoked out a foil pipe  
 consumption of alcohol and marijuana associated with lower gpa in college 
 this is huge. the last 2 games the leafs could have easily crumbled in the 3rd. but they didnt. and now they have a chance. holy smokes
 check your smoke detector batteries its time 
 sauce. @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery in garland  tx  
 was carrying marijuana  a pen  an asthma inhaler  and three magnum condoms on his person at the time of his death httpst.coiii56qswdj
 wish i had a girl to smoke this last blunt for the night with 
 loaded sweet potato fries topped with oven melted gouda cheese  bacon  sour cream amp our signature homemade smoked w 
 maybe @tonyandracki23 was right  jimenez smoked this ball. 
 bruh ganja white night tomorrow so pumped
 just posted a photo @ green street smoked meats 
 when she gives you the last of her weed 
 i took my smoke alarms battery out and its still churping 
 @colpittsjustice stayed up late to smoke and spend time w me tn on my first night of spring break and i rly appreciate that i love you 
 loud chirp like low smoke alarm battery. changed battery  put alarm outside but loud chirping continues. what is it helpme
 late night smokes
 rosemary smoke @ excuse my french 
 i bought some weed for the first time 
 the days of having to stuff your weed into your bum when you get pulled over are over.
 @courtneyykking you smoke it
 all we do is smoke and fucc
 aint smoked all week. so ima have to set myself straight in the morning
 you know whats great with weed...movies tonight showing talladeganights nochillwilf amp 
 you know whats great with weed...movies tonight showing talladeganights nochillwilf amp 
 nigga i done smoked a bail
 im about to smoke and make a steak sandwich then call it a night .
 up early had to put some meat in the smoker. chef dwight getting it in......  
 up early had to put some meat in the smoker. chef dwight getting it in......  
 i woke up feeling like i needed to puke so i smoked a lil and now its back to bed yee
 @alanpuckett12 dude  you smoked that route nice job buddy.
 i left all my weed at my boys house last night... thats how i know i was way too high
 daylight saving time begins @ 200a on march 12th.  check the batteries in your smoke detectors  rotate your emergency disaster supplies.
 i have the new batteries for the smoke detectors.  check monthly  amp replace every 6 months.  2 cosmoke amp 3 smoke d 
 daylightsavings a great time to test your smoke and co alarms  replace batteries  to keep your family safe @onfirechiefs
 weekends are for slow cooking on the smoker try smoked side dishes  like this smoked cabbage 
 this was wagner when she walked in the class after we smoked  
 remember daylightsavings is this weekend. change your clock change and your smoke detector batteries
 beautiful egg crepe with hothouse tomato  garlic and smoked salmon titbits  
 last nights eyeliner will be todays smokey eye
 remember daylightsavings is this weekend. change your clock and change your smoke detector batteries
 while setting your clocks for daylight saving time  its a good time to check the batteries on your smoke detectors 
 dont forget to change the batteries in your smoke alarms this weekend daylightsavings smokealarms 
 its a good day for a benedict smoked salmon and truffle mushroom available both made with our 
 @uglyshep @turtluchiano oh trust me  he prolly smoked the best bud he ever smoked in his life tonight and it was lite work 
 amp we dont smoke in the whip its a stick in there
 dont forget to change your smoke detector batteries when you change your clocks this weekend.it helps cut the risk of dying in a house fire
 ld938 engross an act to harmonize provisions of an act to legalize marijuana with related provisions of the ... 
 dont forget  this sunday when you change your clock to spring ahead 1 hour  change the batteries in your smoke det 
 i sound like a smoked 15 cigarettes last night
 free smoke  during lunch im feeling nice
 special smoked chicken cordon blue.  
 apparently the showers i take are so hot that it sets off the smoke detectors
 so to all the folks that will actually change the batteries in their smoke detectors this weekend for daylight savings time. theysavelives
 father son holy smoke
 i shouldnt of bought my spring break weed two days before i leave  im the worst
 last nights winning sandwich.... smoked strip bacon  year aged cheddar  crispy fried onions amp creamy horseradish sa 
 bro smoked me out last night 
 the state fire commissioner reminds us to change the batteries in our smoke detectors when we change our clocks. 
 tonight you can has meat smoked argentinian steak for dindins at barlisamarie   photo by the 
 @skinny6zro smoke up
 as evidenced again last night  smoke detector batteries only die between the hours of 124am.
 shake n bake to sugarfire for the ricky bobby el diablo smoked n fried chicken  gouda  lettuce  mater  pickle  2 
 make sure to change your clock tomorrow night to set 1 hour forward on sunday check your smoke alarm amp carbon mono 
 picked up last night amp left my weed in my friends car amp i work at 3 
 today tacos 1 chicken  1 shrimp w black bean spread. half sandwich smoked salmon grilled cheese w boursin amp mo 
 smoked all the weed last night 
 this weekend when you change your clock  change your smoke detector batteries  and if your detector is 10 years old 
 daylightsaving gear up for spring. time to change the smoke detectors battery amp replace furnace filter. ask us how 
 this weekend remember to change the batteries in your smoke detectors.  spread the remainder to 
 mozzarella cheese  grilled buffalo chicken  caramelized onions  applewood smoked bacon with a swirl of buffalo sauce.... yea let me get that
 shrimp po boy smoked n fried shrimp  lettuce  tomato  house remoulade on toasted hoagie friday lentoptions 
 @smerconish also tobacco must be cured before smoked. do your research so as not to waste your precious seeds
 whg tryba smoke
 mi querida almost too beautiful to smoke.....almost a fine @stevesaka dunbarton tobacco and trust cigar. thecrew 
 spring ahead this weekend and change those smoke detector batteries 
 i dnt smoke but heres a quandary  tobacco was introduced to europeans if we use liberal logic shldnt whites be paid reparationslib logic
 all i do is smoke sour all day
 house made poppy seed bagels house smoked trout schmear with pickled onions put some house bacon on it  come o 
 as sillyannoying as period pieces in which everyone smokes e.g.  thisisus are period pieces in which nobody smokes e.g.  skullisland.
 tomorrow at the hayward farmersmarket plus blackened chicken or smoked tofu po boys also 
 he has all that money but still cant afford to replace the batteries in the smoke alarm  
 a bill just passed in nh decriminalizing marijuana by a landslide.... few days too late. fuck you new hampshire
 daylight saving time begins this sunday  march 12  at 2 a.m.  this is a great time to change your smoke alarm and c 
 have you tried our selection of smoked fish products from the good folks at @icshdc we will be 
 smoke some ganja today fridayfeeling 
 good reminder as we change time  on sunday  be sure to change the batteries in your smoke  co2 detectors.  
 @thedailey  as a native feral americn  ancestors came ovr smokeys late15early1600sampprolifratd grew tusks kids prtchrkeeproud2vot cnsvtv
 @pittsburghfire chief settles a bet  hangs a patriots smoke detector and reminds folks to change their battery 
 hippity hoppity easter is on the way secure your house cured hickory smoked fox bros ham now 
 painkillers lead to heroin addiction and death. weed is benign.
 time to set your clocks an hour ahead saturday night before you go to sleep and change your smoke detector batteries 
 remember to test your smoke amp co alarms and check your fire extinguisher as you move the clock forward this weekend proactive savinglives
 1. smoked salmon  2. grilled salmon  3. lobster  4. trout  5. crab 6. shrimp 
 at age 50  i plan on cutting back on my smoking weed...im more excited about running then getting high runningcloud
 dont forget changing the time for daylight savings then change amp test your smoke detector batteries too. @cityofindepmo @jacksoncountymo
 thats not smoke or smog over denver  its humidity thanks to a cold front. marty coniglio 
 last night @ the cannabis night club. 
 the @redcross reminds you to check your smoke detectors when you spring forward your clocks on sunday. 
 idk if darwin  was right about nature weeding out the nimrods... my siblings have kids fridayfeeling ijs
 change your clock  check your smoke alarm 
 @dogrates oh monty 1410 would kiss your smooth head and comfort you after chomping on itchy weed.
 calvariomusik duro  @ hempstead  new york town 
 100 pasture raised beef burger with double smoked bacon  spicy house made kimch amp fresh lime aioli  served on a fr 
 but still check your smoke detectors 12news 
 oh how ive missed east coast bbq. green street smoked meats does it for real smoked pulled 
 arkansas food fest  flyaway beer hash with smoked pork belly.  brunch food foodporn foodie 
 as we spring forward this weekend time to change your batteries n your smoke detectors need a smoke alarm contact f 
 i smoke alotta gas    drink alottta syrup   did alotta dirt    flip lotta work 
 i havent smoked in 7 years. last night i laughed so hard that the back of my head was cramping up. i needed that.
 new music @sminobrown father son holy smoke  
 new guy on the block the odie  smoked pulled pork topped with provolone  roasted garlic 
 @chelsnicolee  i was looking for the high too much so i did the same thing i smoked another one.
 remember its daylight savings this weekend. check your smoke alarms @victoriabuzzes @oakbaynews @victoriabctoday 
 we are live @ 5 with just off the smoker pulled pork capped with bacon our top seller  come on over. 
 a bail of weed 
 tgif come celebrate with our classic comfort southern mac and cheese  smoked bbq pork with 
 remember to set your clocks amp check your smoke detectors this weekend wearemg 
 the guy i bought my weed from in denver complimented my nectar earrings
 our smoked brisket went over so well last weekend  were bringing it back for this sunday to go with our 5 tallboy 
 supernatural fry day neptune fries scallop  applewood smoked bacon  cheesy sauce  and garlic 
 wicked weed oblivion on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 wicked weed french toast stout on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 easter ham time go to  to order. 810 pound spiral sliced smoked ham for only 40 all proc 
 remember we change the clocks early sunday morning spring forward plus replace the batteries in smoke detector 
 easter ham time go to  to order. 810 pound spiral sliced smoked ham for only 40 all proceeds benefit jccac.
 easter ham time go to  810 pound spiral sliced smoked ham for only 40 all proceeds bene 
 i havent smoked since last night
 easter ham time go to  . 810 pound spiral sliced smoked ham  40 all proceeds benefit jcc 
 easter ham time go to  . 810 pound spiral sliced smoked ham  40 all proceeds benefit jcc 
 and dont forget to change out the batteries in yo smoke detectors too changeyourclockschangeyourbatteries 
 dinner  tonight crab roll  double cut pork chip  jerk chicken white or dark  smoked eggplant 
 then you have country fried steak  smoked pork chops and chocolate 
 oregon cannabis dui study finds no sign of epidemic 
 remember  when you change your clock this weekend .......check your smoke alarm.   smokealarms 
 daylight saving time is a great time to check the batteries in your smoke detectors amp carbon monoxide. make sure th 
 life update the mustache lives on   stache @ millers smokehouse 
 you had sex and smoked marijuana on the same night  dad
 @erikameghan you can email our smokehouse manager matt at matt@redbarnmarket.ca and he can give you a complete list.
 tonights special  yes i know its lent hickory smoked baby back ribs w bourbonmangobbqsauce amp friedokra everyth 
 the dark knight @mattharvey33 was dealing  throwing smoke lgm springtraining 
 change out your smoke alarm batteries with the time change this weekend  @clarkcountyfd 
 true smoker gah dammit  
 showeeeeeer amp smokeeeeeee
 same w ganja white night 
 time change this weekend @clarkcountynv   change out your smoke alarm batteries with the time change thi 
 so fckn punped for ganja white night tonight aghhhh
 father son holy smoke
 beer. patio. bbq. music. @ woodshed smokehouse 
 bitches wanna smoke dont put in on this... getchooooo bigggg backkk asss onnnn
 this bbq might be better than tx bbq @ sugarfire smoke house 
 nice stout but needs more kick at the end  drinking a portly stout @ jack amp jamesons smokehouse  
 i have smoked over ah qp in the last week.
 one of my fav joints in austin @torchystacos  went with the smoked brisket  grilled onions  jalapeos. 
 drinking an exorcism at sunset by @clownshoesbeer @ sublime smoke   photo
 keep your family safe by changing out your smoke alarm batteries this weekend as you change your clocks 
 bbq and beer.  craftbeer bbq bellsbrewery @ rdq smokehouse 
 when you smoke a bacwood for the first time 
 change your clock  change the battery in your smoke alarm and carbon monoxide detectors tn sfmo 
 luv getting smoked out
 smooth intense chocolate of course   drinking a chocolate milk stout @ jack amp jamesons smokehouse  
 reminder this sunday  move your clocks ahead amp change your smoke alarm batteries     timechange batterychange 
 any last minute ganja white night tickets @detroitedmfam
 best bbq place in brooklyn ribs pulledpork macandcheese beets @ mables smokehouse 
  @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  concord 
 remember when your clock springs forward this weekend to check your smoke amp c0 alarm batteries and dates 
 just posted a photo @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  concord 
 when the  is away  the  will play. bbq @ dcity smokehouse 
 the first thing ever bought and sold across the internet was a bag of marijuana around 1971 marijuanafacts cannabis
 smoked crab legs  load up the smoker with crab legs and let do its thing. foodporn foodgasm 
 max when ur pussy looks like smoked meat....... can relate
 smoked wings... good. fried wings... good. smoked and fried wings... manna from heaven great job @naplesbbq blackeyedpig bbq wings
 couldnt even tell you the last time i smoked.
 according to my weed im a loud mouth 
 finished with work this week. now someone give me some beer and weed please.
 according to my weed im a loud mouth...
 for 8 years cnn aired specials on marijuana in prime time  obama is out of office and they start reporting news makeamericagreatagain
 remember to change the batteries in your smoke amp carbon monoxide detectors this weekend springforward 
 also a good time to replace batteries in co and smoke alarms. 
 the i just bought weed off st marks starter pack 
 discussing the role of privilege in the new legal marijuana economy is crucial. ill dig into this more deeply tomorrow when im not tired.
 shallot crusted  smoked mackerel  dill cream volowinebar special roscoevillage @ volo 
 job done.  8 old smoke detectors have been replaced with 5 new ones. 
 igotataxdeductionfor all the cannabis i bought last year
 im at legal weed in ellensburg  wa 
 this smokescreen is fantastic. 
 just want to chill wsomeone amp smoke this pack im about to buy after work before my morning shift. ruff day was had
 i hate getting hungry at this time i can literally eat 3 steaks with smoked salmon at this moment just craving it 
 tonights foodporn spicy sweet potato fries and a hickory smoked burger with nectarine fireball bbq sauce 
 whos tryna do me a solid n get smoked out at da same time
 111 a.m and no weed 
 who trynna shmokitty smoke shmoke at my house
 i love legalized recreational marijuana as sold in spokane  washington. i toked my first in the fall of 1969. it is wonderful. it is healthy
 its a sad day when its last call and your out of smokes
 jobs of the future will come from the marijuana industry  not manufacturing 
 @steffv update i smoked it.
 i met mac miller  we smoked a couple blunts amp laughed like kids   in the dream i just woke up from
 @ptbofirerescue reminds change your clocks  change the batteries in all smoke and carbon monoxide alarms tonight. 
 brunch is back kentucky hot brown toasted sourdough  tomato  smoked turkey  asiago mornay  
 todays the last day ima smoke so i smoked 8 blunts  yes
 teamstonerzinthisbitch mrstonerzbelike  all i do is work smoke weed and focus on my network 
 dont forget to set your clocks ahead amp change your smoke alarm batteries before you go to bed tonight fox 2 
 dont forget tonight is the night the change all your batteries in smoke detectors.
 dont forget to spring forward one hour before heading to bed tonight  as daylight savings ends. change smoke de 
 saturdays at moes bbq means 1 off all craft beer and 2 domestic beer. stop by for 60 smoked 
 psa today is battery day. the clocks change tomorrow  which means you should change smoke alarm batteries. get your batteries today.
 tonights the night  change your clocks  batteries in smoke amp carbon monoxide detectors amp vehicles dashboards. 
 i smoked at like 6 am and it was the most relaxing shit ever
 guess my smoke detectors knew what time it was. time to change batteries with daylight savings. thanks for the heads up at 4am 
 @kybelle1957 @vatxn @lagatanegra17 @cspanwj stick this in your pipe and smoke it. 
 i dont know about you  but im still dreaming about the smoked scrapple  egg and cheese its brunch o clock tr19 
 when you springforward the clock this weekend dont forget to check your smoke alarms  brampton regionofpeel 
 when you springforward the clock this sunday dont forget to check your smoke alarms  brampton regionofpeel 
 dont forget  springforward for daylightsavings but remember to change batteries in smoke  co2 detectors or repla 
 dont forget  springforward for daylightsavings but remember to change batteries in smoke  co detectors or replac 
 @ibtalking @cspanwj we had a nice neighbor in tx use gasoline in a sprayer to kill weeds. its really hard to tolerate.
 nigga smoke onna regular but that aint nun new
 daylight saving time begins  change your clocks and check smoke alarms  via @youtube
 @uberfacts a new study reveals that college students who use mediumtohigh levels of alcohol and marijuana have consistently lower gpas.
 remember tonight we spring forward daylight saving time begins sunday at 2 a.m. be sure to change your batteries in your smoke detectors.
 dont forget to change those clocks this is a great time to check the batteries in your smoke 
 tfw me n regan smoked bowls on ig live last night wtf hahaha
 time to smoke some meat. bbq @ city of kingman 
 weekends arent complete without southernbrunch.  photo @yujinius brunchgoals @ blue smoke 
 set your clocks forward one hour tonight and dont forget to check those smoke detectors and carbon monoxide alarms 
 our current situation ... nothing like fresh smoked ribs for lunch well do it again this afternoon for dinner 
 woke up feeling sick af  was thinking that i need to smoke amp remembered the homie hooked it up with some bud last night. tybg.
 @devinnunes do your fucking job as an elected official  numbskull. quit creating a smokescreen for trump and investigate his russia ties.
 when he came back into his house and saw she smoked all his weed 
 wild smoked sockeye salmon with wilted leeks  cucumber  pickled shallots  lemon creme fraiche on 
 can i kiss you w  mouth full smoke  
 when you change your clock tonight to spring ahead  remember to change your batteries in your smoke detectorsliv 
 @laaddyyj my face when that country dude was trying to talk to me ab weed last night 
 also change batteries in all smoke alarms 
 smoked all his weed 
 longest smoke session last night 
 bought an ounce weed cause i thought i was going out of town for the weekend  smoked it all in 5 hours 
 dont forget to change the batteries in your smoke detector and co alarm. 
 dont forget to change your smoke detector batteries and change your clocks forward @200am et by 1 hour  
 the gorgeous gold amp smoked glass shelves at lovlox are getting loaded with product we are 
 wait... am i back in texas bbq texasbbq saturdayvibes ribs sweettea happy @ the q smokehouse 
 daylight savings 312 at 2am. set clocks forward 1hr  go to bed early  new batteries in smokecarbon monoxide detec 
 stopped taking my adderall amp stopped smoking weed all together...the first week was rough  but now i am happy amp on top of the world 
 im still stuck lmao last night was too funny with the loud ass smoke detector
 also  because  yes. @ m. smoked meat  
 as we spring forward  remember to change the batteries in your smoke amp carbon monoxide detectors this weekend whe 
 zoloft  xanax  adderall  dabs  and caffeine  then i chain smoke cigs and hope my heart stops morning routine
 dont forget to set your clocks forward  and change the battery in your smoke alarm. 
 so have they bumped up the price of smoke alarms or put them on sale remember spring ahead fall back clocks move forward tonight
 lunch honey cured turkey breast and smoked provolone cheese  and music videos on mtv classic. 
 when you push your clocks ahead tonight  change your smoke alarm batteries too.  daylightsavingtime 
 saturday brunch at home is best with smoked salmon on avocado 
 @ghennigan barely hanging on. i sound like i smoked three packs last night.
 maybe its just me but that tori dude didnt come that disrespectful to me.   in all honesty  i think he was just pissed she smoked his weed
 2 powder  chipotle chili powder  smoked sweet paprika 511.  never tried this before. waiting 1 week is the hard part. amcooking.
 @existentialisej its a continuum. when is the magical second it becomes a life. youre in the weeds. how many laps do you want to do today
 working smoke and carbon monoxide detectors save lives 
 when setting your clock ahead 1hour tonight  make sure your smoke alarms are working amp check that the batteries have plenty of charge.
 who knew eggs  gouda  yams and smoked turkey could be so tasty. marchtowardsfitness 
 looking for anyone to smoke with opps included
 best dubstep mix ganja white night wobble master promo second best ganja white night spring 2017 promo 3100 ganja white night
 while setting you clocks  its a great time to replace batteries in your smoke detectors  
 be sure to change your clocks amp change your batteries in your smoke and carbon monoxide alarms 
 the classic lobster roll. smoked lobster tails seasoned with fresh herbs and citrus  a little 
 spring forward  and dont forget to change those batteries smoke alarms save lives  but only when they have power 
 tonights the night set clocks forward and replace batteries in smokeco detectors daylightsavings 
 this weekend is the ideal time to change the batteries in your smoke alarms as you set your clocks ahead on sunday. 
 @doppesttt happy birthday mother fucker huff some gasoline and smoke some shake and bake for me 
 trump sends mixed message on marijuana  
 just getting off interstate at the gap from smokey mountains speedway wow 
 wings amp weed type of day.
 dont forget.  set clocks up tonight.  also  replace batteries in your smoke detectors and co detectors.  also  stay warm
 saturday burger special...our bison bacon patty smothered with sauted mushrooms  smoked gouda 
 when you move your clock forward tonight dont forget to check your smoke and co detectors. daylightsavings 
 when you move your clock forward tonight dont forget to check your smoke and co detectors. daylightsavings 
 ive been in texas less than two hours and i have checked the smoked meat box. sxsw pastrami @ 
 this song was bumpin last night at that smoke party 
 dont forget to change your batteries and maybe add photoelectric smoke detectors to your home. twinsburgfirecares 
  change your clocks  test your smoke detector battery daylightsavings
 turn your clocks amp test batteries in all smoke alarms daylightsavings
 turn your clocks amp test batteries in all smoke alarms springforward
 love yourself enough to buy the head country hickory smoke bbq sauce.
 dont be late tomorrow be sure to spring forward for daylightsavings amp replace batteries in your smoke detector 
 when you use bread as a plate for your banana whiskey smoked french toast @estavernaustin 
 @notyourflygurl incredible. is that the montreal smoked meat on top
 i want some smoked wings
 mmmm  that breakfast tho  scandinavianinspired and absolutely perfect  smoked salmon  cured 
 st. albans twp fire reminding you to change your clocks and change your smoke detector batteries
 selling a ticket to the ganja white night and space jesus after party  hmu
 dst begins sun. @ 2am. set your clocks ahead 1 hour tonight. it a good time change the batteries in your smokecarb 
 house smoked meats  24 hours a day.  properdtsp 
 we have smoke bacon @ 42 
 daylight savings time begins tomorrow dont forget to change your clock and your smoke detector batteries @fdny 
 lunch time bbq @ red smoke barbeque 
 time change tonight dont forget to change the battery in your smoke detector
 just picked up some smoked salmon from ted peters and i couldnt be more excited thebest 
 how long since youve changed your smoke alarm batteries   
 @nebengineer tanners and oscars are great. but these are smoked and huge. abita turbo bbq and hot
 call me feech la manna if you wanna got that marijuana on every corner
 im at carolina smoke bbq in bothell  wa 
 what if i fall off the ladder changing the smoke detector  batteries   hit my head amp forget to turn the clocks ahead  late for work excuse
 dropping off chicken wings to justin @ spring street smokehouse  @springstreetbbq in los angeles  ca 
 boiled food by chef dej  shrimp . corn . smoked turkey necks . potatoes . sausage .  veron to be exact  
 pecan smoked shad rillette w bacon jam amp dch sour pickles @frozentropics @districtcuisine @hstgreatst @theapollodc 
 i better start to change my clocks and all the batteries in my smoke alarmsco detectors for the timechange springforward
 changing your clocks dont forget to check your smoke alarms daylightsavings smokealarmssavelives 
 dont forget to change your smoke detector batteries...could save a life.
 @jeffsessions instead of reviewing weed  find out why a white teenager raped a 2 yr old black girl w no jail time 
 dont forget... spring forward at 200am on sunday.  also remember to change the batteries in all of your smoke and 
 dont forget set your clocks 1 hour ahead before going to bed tonight amp change the batteries in smoke detectors 
 the smoke detectors in my apartment are so sensitive
 @calhouns @hobetnvarsity   easy choice.  smoked wings with thunder road sauce  black bear ale.
 i smoked more in the past 24 hours than i ever did in my whole entire life 
 reminder to change your clocks back and check and change your smoke detector batteries 
 reminder to spring forward your clocks and to check your smoke detectors and batteries 
 spring ahead tonight set clocks ahead 1 hour and change batteries in smoke detectors safety spring 
 drinking a piedmont smoked porter by @brnhousebrewery @ barnhouse brewery  
 smoke weed  eat chicken fingers
 daylight saving starts tonight. remember to check amp change your smoke amp co detector batteries.   rt to remind friends
 dont forget you smoke alarm battery too. @ckfiredept springforward 
 spring forward and replace batteries in smoke and co alarms 
 at our first smoked va wine expo event good food  wine and bourbon. @ greater richmond convention center 
 dont forget to change your smoke detector batteries when you set your clocks ahead tonight.
 make sure to change your clock to set 1 hour forward tonight. check your smoke alarm amp carbon monoxide detectors to 
 proper bbq @ the proper pig smokehouse  @properpigbbq in lakewood  oh 
 dont forget  its time to springforward. set your clocks ahead 1 hour  and check the batteries in your smoke det 
 didnt want to smoke this today but it wasnt acting right. nowsmoking arturo fuente opus x 
 wicked weed hop burglar ipa on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 anybody got some weed on vacation verobeach airplanesandweednopenotpyttonfanyrhinfinsideofme
 packed house tonight at briquettes smokehouse here in ashtabula  ohio.     one of the best 
 chicken bacon ranch pizza after a session wit a bunch of real smokers 
 bitch i dont have any weed or food in this house and its snowing 
 hey. hey  you guys. i ordered poutine. montreal smoked meat poutine. yup. 
 3 packs of cigarettes smoke a jim leyland a day.
 at it again @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  tempe 
 one of our smoke detectors started chirping low battery today and youre supposed to change them when you change the time so efficiency.
 cover me in smoke. smooth  smiley  rich  caramelly. i think i prefer... gracias por fumar  photo
 set your  2nite before  amp  smoke alarms. change or replace alarms if 10 yrs old.  ur local  if you need assistance. prevention is 
 when you change your clocks tonight  change the batteries in your smoke and carbon monoxide detectors 
 mesquite smoked short ribs today...smoked for 5.5 hours...check out that smoke ring...meat fell off the bone... 
 rough takeoff  bumpy ride  strong smoke smell in cabin  uturn back to the airport. on the ground now  but gonna be a long night  im afraid
 about to bake some cinnamon rolls and eat some ice cream and smoke 
 my family is discussing the dangers of marijuana at the dinner table and i have to nod along like i wasnt stoned last night
 you know whats great with weed...movies tonight showing talladeganights willferrell amp 
 you know whats great with weed...movies tonight showing talladeganights willferrell amp 
 daylight saving time is here make sure you check your smoke detectors and ensure theyre working. they may save yo 
 saturday night smoke cigars 
 nd about to get smoked
 after being around everybody that smoked last night my north face smells like i just smoked a whole carton
 fried weed snoopandmarthasnewdish
 get up and set the clock now.  check on a senior tomorrow.  replace the batteries in your smoke detectors. 
 somehow just discovered @grantleetweets 1980s album. feeling his echo amp the bmen amp psychedelic furs covers  holy smokes.
 sure the smoked meats amp house made sides @comosmokefire are offthecharts good but the homemade desserts are 5yea 
 change your clocks  change the batteries in your smoke alarm daylightsavings springforward 
 @tannerwith2ns its the big worm ice cream truck he be trapping from it for years but apparently he died last weed from an od 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 snoopandmarthasnewdish ramen weedles
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 dont forget tonight to springahead for daylightsavings good time to check that all smoke amp carbon monoxide dete 
 in over 4 years of not smoking  i finally smoked a blunt yesterday amp i was happy asf  
 smino x father son holy smoke 
 ok were up to 5 marijuana busts on livepd  3 latinos  2 black. plus 1 dui  1 white kid wsuspended license went free  not arrested
 spring ahead and change the smoke detector batteries 
 still life in 2017. baked brie  smoked salmon  gooseberry jam  and bread @ affton  missouri 
 @justinamash no worries just remember  spring ahead  fall back amp change the batteries in your smoke detectors amash2020
 brisket  beer  music and games intrinsicsmokehouseandbrewery @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery 
 remember to spring forward at 2am  also a good idea to change the smoke detector batteries daylightsaving springforward
 daylight savings time... check your smoke detector and  your condom expiration 
 how you have an lamborghini huracan amp get smoked by honda  i would kill myself right there honestly
 how you have a lamborghini huracan amp get smoked by a honda  i would kill myself right there honestly ....
 i smoked today and yesterday 
 dont forget spring forward tonight  change clocks  change smoke alarm batteries 
 so  then @valeriegilhams and i smoked w some blind guy amp then got wasted off of box wine 
 i miss my best friends i miss my lover i miss my drug of choise last week i smoked to much a gram in a night i didnt  od but wish that i did
 just been staying at home creating..smoking weed amp saving money
 applewood smoked bacon pussy 
 i havent smoked in a week  im finna be loaded 
 probably smoked about 10 packs of cigarettes tonight 
 italian sausage  peppers amp onions on french baguet and topped with smoked provalone.  then 
 @caskalehouse just visited for the first time.  food amp beer was great.  pretzel with smoked gouda was bomb cheeseaddict ventura beer
 @jacobsullum @bruvs were organizing a sxsw cannabis industry cocktail party  four seasons  monday  march 13  57pm 
 todays google searches on my phone were can you use wine instead of oil and which side of a cigar do you smoke. i wish i was kidding.
 sometimes im like lets do new things than i find myself in my room at 110am smoking weed rewatching shameless a third time
 hey mr. ghost heres some ganja and a miller.
 had the smokehouse pizza from @littlecaesars tonight. was burned  bbw sauce way to tangy and not good. not getting that ever again.
 i demerara if everyone in the world smoked marijuana we wouldnt be havin any problems 
 i havent smoked all weekend 
 im so excited my smokes is coming  to spend this whole week with me 
 almost smoked me ah blunt tonight   had to catch myself lol
 i feel like weed can soothe any sickness myopinion
 i aint smoke last night so i woke up frantic asf 
  tfw your hotel smoke detector starts chirping every 30 seconds at 620 am tired nosmoke nofire lowbattery
 reminder to change your battery in your smoke detector iaff bcfd @ baltimore firefighters 
 time to spring forward as you change your clocks  save a life amp remember to change your smoke alarm batteries 
 now that you have changed your clocks dont forget to change your batteries in your smoke and carbon detectors. 
 now that you have changed your clocks dont forget to change the batteries in your smoke alarms amp co detectors. 
 my weed was white last night 
 remember  replace the batteries in your smoke and co detectors today  it could save your life
 daylight savings time has started. hoboken residents please change the batteries in your smoke  co detectors. don 
 gorgeous man of god...i do so love and adore you  king..and when the smoke clears and the dust settles..i will always be the one who stayed
 had so much fun with u yesterday  @ wayward smokehouse 
 @kybelle1957 @karenbuc1 @lagatanegra17 @vatxn @cspanwj unless its that awful cigar smoker.
 just a quick reminder to make sure you change the batteries in your smoke and carbon monoxide detectors today 
 remember to change the batteries in your smoke alarms amp carbon monoxide detectors today as well 
 do you smoke ganja @jacobsartorius
 dont change your clock  you will end up confused. dont replace your smoke detector battery amp test it  you will en 
 forgot i smoked my last blunt last night
 great idea with cotton smoke  light amp rubber bands to make portal @hyperionpdx 
 so much was smoked last night
 good morning daylight savings....remember to check your smokeco detectors and to change the batteries
 @bflay here is ur next ep of brunch @ bobbys. smoked pork shoulder eggs benedict.  good looking from my sous chef 
 all i wanted to do on my last day of spring break was lay in bed and sleep. but i was woken up to weed smoke and loud laughter 
 ate stupid amounts of norwegian smoked salmon last night  i have super powers now.
 had a dream last night that my sister had a party and bought everyone weedinfused nose strips............
 last nights eyeliner is this mornings smokey eye. daylightsavings ificouldturnbacktime
 @andrewinereview i hate the smell of all smoke from campfires to birthday candles. it all makes me want to hurl.
 casey jones brunch special  smoked pork  bacon and ham topped with melted cheddar  honey bbq 
 @mbryanbiaaa i only smoke if its with you 
 okay last night i smoked right i woke up with a blunt in my hand how on god im so happy
 i guess smoke weed and watch the kardashians by myself lol. thanks honey.
 did you remember to springforward 1 hour this morning dont forget to test your smoke alarms turnandtest 
 did you remember to turn your clocks forward dont forget to check your smoke detectors  too  @vjotimesherald 
 @hiltonhotels first daylight saving time  and now our smoke detector is beeping every 30 seconds making sleeping impossible. 
 smoked so much good weed yesterday i crashed out at 8 last night 
 when youre out of smoked salmon  
 daylight savings time starts today change all the batteries in your smoke alarms to be proactive.
 now that youve set your clocks forward one hour  you should also test your smoke detectors.
 rbfr wants to remind you to change your batteries in your smoke detector. your safety is our number 1 priority 
 springahead for daylightsavings. change smoke detector batteries and check in w your favorite resume writer abou 
 satisfy your easter sweet tooth with foxbroscatering call to reserve your hickory smoked ham 
 got smoked out last night by 2 dudes i aint even know
 sunday kind of brunch at  smoked corn beef hash  poached eggs and fermented chilis  
 @thomaspine french fries  cheese curds  gravy. topped with montreal smoked meat. nothings missing as far as i can tell. 
 we made a pact to quit smoking. i found a carton of cigs in his driver door. more than half the pack smoked. he said i havent smoked them
 yeah...we been friends 10plus yrs smoked drank kicked it wit family together dealt wit my krazy n still remained re 
 its just a little dusting. cmon out amp treat yourself to some warmth. fresh smoked q w 5 bloodys  2.50 mimosas 
 i was so lit last night and i aint even drink or smoke 
 @purewaterguy @snowflakelady @tgradous @1voicematters @potus  repeal replace not smokeampmirrors baitampswitch
 as we change our clocks today  dont forget to change your smoke alarm batteries working smoke alarms save lives 
 sad to report i had my first poor result off the smoker yesterday. ever. not sure where it went wrong. shaken to the core today.
 do you think more @barackobama era washington weeds should be pulled amp fired this  sunshineweek by stpatricksday rt fullrepeal @potus
 its that time of year again  remember to set your clocks ahead and check your smoke detectors.   7 days til spring
 on bet we smoked sonmuch kush last night  amp i was coming up off that oil i kept falling asleep
 tart  mildly smokey  with a fairly smooth finish.  sour porters just aren... revengeance  photo
 rode past a dude who had the huge smoker out and was selling burgers amp ribs. he almost got all my allowance
 adderall cotton mouth may be worse than weed cotton mouth lmao dont at me
 i dont smoke cigs but i feel and smell like i chain smoked 3 packs last night
 egg white scramble with roasted green and red peppers  caramelized onions  spinach and smoked 
 brisket  turkey  and smoked fried wings. thanks mitzula  food 
 ribs in the smoker  fresh salad being prepared. nascar from vegas later today. looking like a sensational sunday 
 yummy comfort food sunday  tomato basil soup and smoked guada basil grilled cheese 
 dumbshit rex smoked my last lift ticket without me  que culero
 three elixirs of life weed  avocado boba  vanilla cloves
 selection sunday double smoked bacon mac amp cheese  burgers  beer and basketball. 14 pitchers of select draft beer 
 chefs killed it w these stuffed burritos at brunch today eggs  bacon  fries  smoked pork  green chilis  cheddar  
 @christlet smoked salmon  
 @christlet smoked salmon  
 literally smoked myself to sleep last night
 strong kick on the first sip but goes down smooth with smokey after tas... domestic bliss  photo
 i fucking smoked so much last night.
 daisy by marc jacobs mixed w weed 
 cant enjoy a salad that looks like they were in my backyard picking the weeds and not even adding tomatoes  cucumber  cheese or eggs.
 there has been multiple smoke detector low battery beeps going on next door for the past hour. they almost synced up too. beepbeepbeep fml
 spend your sunday at the smokehouse 10 house pitchers and 70 cent wings allllll dayyyyyy 
 @loganauntie i was done had smoked a roach before i even lit the jay the roach was a nice size nd i smoked half of the second was on a cloud
 so ready to see ganja white night
 ok lets smoke one after lunch. thanks for recommendation justjorg3 havanahumidor cigars 
 @gordonramsay smoked salmon eggs benny with a black truffle and dill hollandaise and sauted asparagus. howd i do 
    father  son caught w 100 mil marijuana growing in the u.s.
 me i should save my last nug.  me to me smoke it anyway  
 shrimp burger and sweet potato tots with coffee bbq amp smoked marshmallow sauce 
 i make the best beats the morning after i smoke
 big thanks to @stlfiredept 4 replacing smoke detector plus installing co2 detector. thanks @stlredcross 4 donating 
 couldnt get into rileys last night so i smoked a full pack of heaters with the bouncer l
 2 nights ago me jaz amp edi was rollin up amp the last blunt was a 3g blunt w 3 types of weed amp one of them was moonrock  had me ko standing up
 hot smoked salmon sliders  check barrelandbushel 
 i smoke all day errrrday
 family night 12.3.17 green salad  smoked hill country wings with chimichurri  brisketpulled 
 these gouda grilled cheese recipes are delicious. our apple smoked  bourbon gouda would be perfect for these 
 ok hstne the @wholefoods smoked salmon pinwheels are sold out. i bought them all.
 this sundays special is a smoked brisket sandwich on a biscuit with beer braised caramelized onions with fries. 
 every dollar is virtually electronic except for the weed kings and queens. and everyone else cash and no kids  the kids are multiplying.
 barbecue chicken with hickory smoked barbecue sauce homemade and 
 stephanie singh muller a german indian o ashkenazi... bnai home depot. @homedepot i suppose cannabis is legal  justin. 2badurnhavana. 
 hey little hippy let your freak flag fly  why dont you go smoke a bowl in your best tiedye.
 look at this glorious smoked salmon from @hanlonsmokehou1 
 fancy hash browns | smoked salmon poached eggs  american caviar brunch food foodie foodpic 
 deliciousandsimple enjoying brunch @cremapg with my love nick. house made smoked 
 @keithanliker the @fairoaksfarms cheese is also quality. my vote goes to the smoked gouda 
 operation smoked venison bologna was a great sucess this weekend 210 pounds made  
 just smoked with my attila papers... it was nice and smooth  @attilaga @fronz1lla @chrisattila @singinghooligan 
 @wheelerwalkerjr you think @flagaline paid @ziggymarley in cannabis for the collaboration hatecrime dixie
 love me some trout. i want some lake salmon to smoke up. 
 holy smokes  its a young @constancezimmer in the second episode of felicity 
 the more i smoke the more i remember what me and her had 
 dont forget to change your smoke detector batteries
 wicked weed freak of nature on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer nocoorslight intheberkshires beermenus
 montreal smoked meat perfection at schwartzs mtleats  
 fire grilled flatbread pizza with smoke pulled pork  feta cheese  and honey bbq sauce. 
 . @principal just killed me with the father and son college graduation spot. holy smokes. they can plan my finances
 i just did a 30 minute road trip to the best bbq in tx lockhart tx  4 porkchop smoked  yummy  mac n cheese  soooooo good.
 ten hours in the smoker  the beef ribs turned out perfect. bbq austin texas atxbbq @ austin  
 daylights savings time  where a bunch of 1700 idiots listened to a guy who smoked opium the last 10 years of his life
 @brittanygreen23 i think tav sweet chili wings w dill weed dipping sauce is calling our names. been too long. must. plan. date. soon.
 change the batteries in our smoke detectors actually @johnmercure changed out all 9 of our 13 yr old smoke detectors today   whats guy
 we smoked like 4 blunts last night and told wiiild summer 08 stories. i hadnt done that in a minute.
 sunday at  @prestonpowell3 with redmontvodka and a @gtocigars gold . . . @ churchill smoke shoppe 
 nets smoked the knicks
 course 4  smoked pasta course roasted red pepper pasta with a roasted red pepper cream sauce 
 @bellathorne we smoke the same cigs bells.. we definitely have americanspirit 
 taking a minute to laugh and appreciate the fact that i gave myself a concussion during 30 seconds of party drink smoke last night
 got weed amp wine  great night.
 @msforlikay yessir with chopped goat meat and smoked mackerel. 
 beautiful day like this deserves a lil smoke and a chicken. 
 my best memories are becoming late night conversations with clouds of smoke filling the air
 why this damn smoke alarm decided to notify me of a low battery this time of the night now i gotta hear beep all friggin night.
 this does a wonderful job accompanying new braunfels smokehouse peppered ham steak  sauteed 
 fire officials remember to switch out smoke alarm batteries | wtop  via @wtop
 i smoked a quarter tonight  you know i need my meds
 poached egg and smoked salmon hit the spot 
 i remember the first time me and oomf smoked  i was stuck asf
 i replaced the smoke alarm batteries and its still yelling at me and its making me angry
 @spuffyduds yes. after a connells show it took weeks to clear smell of smoke  beer and obsession.
 birds are singing the praises of my smoker loaded with steaks  with thejessicaparksinsta amp 
 dinners ready...  6 hour hickory smoked brisket  stir fried veggies  and baked potatoes..  
 this is my smoker water pan mix for my duck. garlic  herbs  cider  cinnamon sticks and cumquats 
 he smoked it
 @missangeladavis california time zone.. smoked baby back ribs  garlic mash and lemon garlic asparagus...and some california wine
 remember when b.o.b was jus a dude in an airplane talkin bout wishes now he think the earth flat i need whatever he smoked on all them yrs
 @epiphanyzone go further back wwi deal england almost done and made deal wjewish guy for smokeless gunpowder check it out
 gave up wine weed and french fries for lent and broke all three within two weeks 
 too many smokers but if was off the chain..... rodeo2k17 @ nrg stadium 
 dont forget to change your smoke detector batteries. 3 out of 5 home fire deaths occurred in homes wo working smo 
 dont forget to change your smoke detector batteries. 3 out of 5 home fire deaths occurred in homes wo working smo 
 @thekiddeezy @csick sounds like pussy money weed by lil wayne. nice beat.
 late dinner with my baby @twistedtanita  @ lucilles smokehouse 
 just a little donabe smoked french toast amp pork belly. brunch losangeles @ otium 
 maybe i shouldnt eat smoked salmon before bed next time...
 jessie to a cop searching her car i smoke weed everyday  i smoked in here last night. it couldve fell. my sack looked light this morning
 how much weed did trevante rhodes smoked to post that cause wtf
 now mike sold him weed. 
 and to top that off a honda will smoke your car  oh yea bitch you fast 
 2am weed delivery 
 drank hemp syrup on my b day and everyone passed out by 10pm but now we are up before 7 am so idk how i feel about it....
 taking bets. chance the kids will eat this. crackers with boiled egg slice  smoked salmon and a pickle. 
 well after this last blunt im a smoke on my lunch break
 nice warm amp hearty smoked turkey  ham and potato soup  plus a spicy vegan tomato and dill soup. soup soupson 
 i will refuse to eat turkey during thanksgiving but i will gladly eat smoke turkey for my sandwiches and turkey bacon
 wouldnt they see the smoke from the flash bulb 
 lunch imma smoke a grammy 
 i need some weed for this snow storm tomorrow
 why nobody told me smoked turkey wings were that good
 should of smoked more 
 happy monday from weed man bucks county we hope you had a great weekend happymonday weekend 
 finished this smoked chicken wings in less than 5 mins  @ momofuku noodle bar 
 this past weekend was one for the books huge thanks to motogoat for getting ole smokey out to 
 apparently i bought weed last night amp my guy gave me a bowl to smoke out of too
 copycat chicken or steak  double smoked cheddar  lettuce amp tomato topped with a green onion amp bacon mayo. served on fresh egg bread.
 got up early. smoke alarm chirping and with the windows open all afternoon  the heater was 
 @tacososcar making those smoked chicken and schmaltzy onion tamales for dinner tomorrow 
 god  all i want is smoked bologna and a loaded potato
 last days in the trap house  come over amp smoke w me one time before i dip out
 havent smoked a dutch in yrs  
 @keemmmb music farm charleston its 2hr drive. went to ganja white night there last week
 so lit last night im waking up with a weed hangover. thought i woke up high nope. 
 if you remembered your clocks but not your smoke alarms  its never too late to test them. press the test button 2d 
 logs is all we smoke son
 fresh from our cafe menu house smoked turkey  julienne apples  house candied walnuts  wpoppyseed dressing 
 seeing the legend warren g scream out smoke weed everyday last night in person changed my life  sxsw oh and @distil still sucks 
 its been 2 days since springforward  did you check if your smoke and carbon monoxide alarms are working 
 apple amp salmon salad from a private dinner i catered a few weeks ago. in house smoked salmon amp 
 fresh off work .. one to the face   high af already amp aint smoked nun but half 
 mishayla took my weed  we falling out lbs
 we hotbox the rental all weekend and they didnt smell no smoke 
 so me n my cousin kept smelling weed at work n i smelled myself just in case but nothin then i remember i hid a joint in my shoe last night
 tgdtla roasted porkbelly sandwich pickled cabbage  cucumbers  onions butter lettuce  smoked paprika red pepper aioli tender greens salad
 the funniest part about pcb was when the security came to our door and i flushed all our weed  fse @briidean
 i tried @troegsbeer nugget nectar last night  holy smokes is that delish
 he we just celebrated our 4 year anniversary today we have a roast cumin chicken club with blue cheese  smoked bacon  hummus amp greens
 she also smokes in her house. yuck. 
 @lowblockify i smoked an entire one in a day this is not for me
 what do fish smoke  seaweed. 
 im at alma bbq smokehouse in alma  tx 
 test smoke alarms in your home every month amp replace the batteries every year imfiresafe4march osmtownship 
 just had lunch here. brisket sandwich with hot tomato molasses. they showed us the smoker full 
 i only smoke that loud pack yuhhurd 
 i just need some weed chicken and 2k
 this my last week smokin so im tryna smoke a whole zip b4 the week out im finna dieeeeeee
 if you live in a duplex with a young family  you smoke weed roomate mondaymotivation
 @observatoryoc @weedmaps @thesmokersclub  any info as to what the vip smokers experience includes  any details wou 
 when you find that roach inna glove  box after being outta weed for a week 
 server last night you smoked before you came here didnt you  lmao omfg 
 woke up to morning sex  smoked a bowl and bretts making me breakfast. happy monday 
 320 lbs. of fresh homemade smoked  sausage ready and waiting for you at big shanty smokehouse. bbq kennesaw 
 one of todays specials. smoked salmon  sliced cucumber  chopped red onion  and tzatziki sauce 
 @davidcoverdale mmmmmmmmm late lunch bbq smoked pulled pork pizza from my favorite restaurant  the backyard b 
 this weeks specials. albert classic pulled pork quesadilla. tortilla filled with house smoked 
 smoking weed until im fried
 about to chug some beer and smoke this blunt because fuck period cramps.
 yesterday we had smoked tofu with a bbq rub and apple cider mopped. at the markets we blackened 
 oregon bleu cheese lamb slider grilled on a traeger smoker...what could be better lamb 
 if all he do is smoke  and lay meat you dating a bbq grill bitch
 lowkey dope. get some food and weed and do it on a nice night . 
 i wanna have a snowday reefer party
 @billmaher one more thing.  combat long winded replies with  yes or no   marijuana  genesis  saudi arabia  pope francis  emancip. proc. flag
 she looks like she just smoked her second pack of the day 
 really looking forward to another achoocentric weeds this week. @sarahkliff @ezraklein 
 yummy.  i love smoked or honey smoked salmon 
 father son holy smoke 
 sisterstrip @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 this weeks special brisket burger   @4rsmokehouse @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 have you changed your smoke alarm batteries fire officials remind residents to replace them  after setting your cl 
 have you changed your smoke alarm batteries fire officials remind residents to replace them  after setting your cl 
 daylightsaving means its time to change your smoke alarm batteries firefighters norfolk hamptonroads 
 ha he gets smoked in the head 
 made a bet i wouldnt smoke for 2 weeks lets see how this transpires.
 last night smoked a l but tonight ill smoke crack
 i choose cannabis 
 tonight 5 smoked organic half chicken at samesa load up for the storm noreaster 
 i love when ppl use me to test pack. i wish this was my profession.  a smoke tester...
 @jjacqu3z @barstoolsports holy smokes thats dedication roadtoeverafter level 
 this looks like trash bottom shelf shake. maybe this is why the govt hates cannabis so much because they judging it 
 grilled cheese brisket sandwich... oh my. grilledcheese bbq @ smoke shack bbq 
 @myleslive weed
 @noirobi shameless  the office corny sorry  black mirror  weeds  nurse jackie. uhhhhh if i think of some more i got you.
 successfulstoners bob marley when you smoke the herb  it reveals you to yourself. @bobmarley 
 snow days  smoke  eat  shottas
 successfulstoners morgan freeman  never give up the ganja. amp gods own weed.
 jungle unrolls it  put his weed back in the jar the blunt turns back into a cigar
 on the corner of haight and ashbury and it smells like bo and marijuana. hippies sanfransico
 whens the last time you smoked azziz  
 i remember the first time i saw a girl i thought about stepping to smoke cigs.  shocking moment. 
 date night with this smoke show @ firefly 
 @kaityb98 ahhh im so excited ill bring the weed
 @rlbangz really has me soggy while he smokes in my bed and im stuck at work
 dinner time. @ wicked weed brewing  @wickedweedbeer in asheville  nc 
 grilled pork chop with smoked paprika grilled corn and radicchio chicory salad with lemon and 
 i just had a steak from a butcher shop with a side of smoked gouda mac and cheese and ive never been so content
 meats in the smoker at lcs bbq in kansas city. @ lcs bbq 
 have you ever had smoked wings clutch
 if only i had a honey to pack and smoke a hookah with me
 @peteh6570 @justineannsand we smoke with impunity in gotham.
 i like french fries and dick weed 
 omw to market for gmom gmom says  bring me some ham hocks  i brought her some smoked turkey wings amp turkey drum s 
 for the first time in 14 years as a home owner  i successfully changed the battery in a smoke alarm. scoreboard  bitches
 @devincliver  were spools of hemp  which is really scratchy feeling. i liked the bamboo mix kind  but it was only a few feet.
 but have you smoked  
 i smoked so much last night 
 it smells like weed  but it also smells like.. deep fried potato..  so.. french fries  @gribblealex
 i got weed amp wine for tonight 
 thank you @ellesstee @tiffanybeers and tinkerhatfield  holy smokes you done and upped the game 
 2 ganja white night tickets for sale @ the roxy message me if interested  youll save on fees plz rt
 someone smoke w me late night
 woke up at 9am  im exhausted right now but weeds always seems to keep me awake
 no wonder weed was banned .they was chiefing reggie blunts .headaches for days  
 i got woken up to smoke 
 the medical cannabis momentum has swung in the right direction and we are looking forward to the 
 father son holy smoke
 theres a snow storm tomorrow and i have no weed and no bacon. how did my life fall apart like this
 @gordonramsay rate my dish chicken breast stuffed with jalapeo and pepper jack wrapped in applewood smoke bacon. 
 mypirateorshipname capt. horatio hempblower 
 i just smoked with my father 
 im officially an adult today  i finally deleted the number of guy who sold me weed in high school.
 snow queen of texas left paris in a cloud of smoke
 late night early morning facing all dope smoke n great gas ...nite nite
 father son  holy smoke.
 good weed white wine  
 skynyrd  zeppelin  guess who. all good bands. i was expected to follow in my fathers footsteps  and make a bunch of smokey robinsons.
 late night snowstorm smoke session.
 almost 2am and the new neighbors below me are still going strong with the weed partying. its a monday night  what are we  in vegas
 obviously... i do love smoked salmon... 
 that loud pack  ya weed cryin
 i didnt get to smoke because i was late for my flight 
 where theres smoke theres fire  and where theres a microwave theres surveillance. we deserve the truth not al 
 i smoked 50 blunts in the last 2 days
 waterhemp is still the 1 weed in missouri  but palmer is closing the gap.  
 @theakasha it looks like chopped up vegetables from a stir fry. i couldve bought that weed at honey grow
 bringing the red smoke out for this snow storm 
 shoutout to the psychos im working construction w this am. brought us german potato salad amp smoked us out with the weed strain chernobyl
 why did i smoke before 9am. riddle me this 
 flashback to sunday brunch feat. smoked salmon from @boucherlawrence amp @fairmountbagel mtlmoments mtlplateau 
 couple of days off so heres snow day reading of last weeks central  catholic  amp hempfield state games 
 snow day brunch is the best  pancakes  eggs  bacon  corned beef hash  smoked salmon amp bagel  till 4pm today  cu 
  @ my apartment home above the galax smokehouse 
 is it just me or do you also have to change the battery in your smoke detectors every month or so it feels like
 were gettin smoked with snow right now. 
 how good does this sound smoked steelhead benedict  poached eggs  oregon steelhead  melted leeks  baby spinach  ho 
 should of grabbed my weed last night im bloody
 sunflower mac amp cheese with charred broccoli  garlic bread crumbs and smoked paprika. good for 
 when you smoke the last of your weed 
 thanks for the follow @rivertownbrew i had the tequilana apple agave cider and smoked chicken wings last week. amazing
 im about to be late to work but on the plus side i foiled my weed lol
 taco tuesday  3 smoked n pulled pork tacos  jack cheese sauce  pico  guacamole  texas hot bbq  tacotuesday 
 my @ecuprofessor just typed weed instead of week... d is no where near k on the keyboard.
 cuzzo got a custom made jar for her weed
 i had a dream last night i got front row for @mynameisgriz amp then we hung out amp smoked after the show amp helped solve a crime. 
 the smoked pit beef grilled cheese is off. the. chain.... customcooks smokinforyou 
 yesterday on acid i smoked a cig amp i was able to feel the toxins from it destroying my immune system  i ended up throwing them in the trash
 horse jumper of loves debut tape just sold out of its fourth pressing silver variant get smoke || 
 horse jumper of loves debut tape just sold out of their fourth pressing silver variant get it on smoke || 
 horse jumper of loves debut tape just sold out of the fourth pressing silver variant get it on smoke || 
 horse jumper of loves debut tape just sold out of its fourth pressing silver variant get it on smoke || 
 horse jumper of loves debut tape just sold out of their fourth pressing silver variant get smoke || 
 i done seen jrock smoke 20 blacks in 3 days 
 i dont love that my neighbor chooses to smoke inside in a nonsmoking building when its too cold or snowy out. 
 cryin cause i dont wanna work until 230am and make 5 bucks while recovering from surgery... my best friend is on an island w legal weed rn
 toast on tuesday  smoked salmon w vegan cream cheese on gf bread | 
 @nygovcuomo until medical marijuana access is more available amp cheaper people get opiates opioid crisis epidemic 
 @ursirennyxx in florida we got medical marijuana passed in nov. 2nd try. next yr legalize it.
 if its not icky it make me sickyi cant smoke huff
 these two  steak  jimmy zs  weed  and movies all day  and more food prolly 
 panini with smoked turkey spinach smoked hickory bacon muenstercheese sogood yummy foodies 
 short rib arancini topped with smoked tomato jam foodiesunite foodiela foodie catering caterer caterers 
 remember when you were allowed to smoke in a restaurant  that was today  tour texas diner 
 discussing everything 4m cannabis  education  the economy  housing amp transportation w senator @ilikemike  senate 
 want some of this sweet @boulevardbeer gear do you like free smokestack tours and specials on 
 piday quiz  how long will 1.8 million ma cannabis voters tolerate 160 elected prohibitionists sciencemarch 
 bone in pork shoulder rubbed w salt  pepper and smoked paprika and slits stuffed with garlic. stellablizzard 
 what would you do for a pack of smokes @missey96 @chefwhips 
 trying out some of this government weed with a government grilled cheese sandwich in my government funded housing apartment complex.  
 fuckin w blayne ass last night  i was stupid high knowing ion smoke 
 now the work begins as  changes hands in smokelit parlors staystrong powertothepeople thepeoplehsvespoken 80  
 for a sweet ending to your snowday beignets  spiced pumpkin pure  smoked maple syrup  apple  and whipped cream. 
 when the weed was just to loud the night before @daltonc34 
 said i wasnt gone smoke this week but i just passed this math test so i fucking deserve it
 much  he can weed them out. start by declaring it a terrorist org  @potus @vp @realdonaldtrump trump45  pray4djt 
 them hot cheetos with cheese was that smoke
 we just had pizza to celebrate pie day. omg our oven smoked trying to make a dessert pie for later so no need for oven action till i clean
 @thetylerd91 i saw some and they looked amazing. smoked wings are the best wings.
 i grew up like a neglected weed  ignorant of liberty  having no experience of it. harriet tubman 
 snowy with a chance of moscow mule  @ wayward smokehouse 
 yall linzey just pulled over on the side of the road amp said look al  were at texas tulips they were weeds ......
 good smoked meat starts with good wood. and of course a good piece of meat. thanks cw for the pecan tree. 
 @meganfox whats up babe was thinking maybe me could smoke some gbs later.. maybe have some sex hahahahaha  college sex vagina
 the govt smokes shake  
 @mariahrswift its okay i havent smoked since the wreck in july but my probation didnt start till nov 
 the burien plaza smells like the first time i smoked weed
 second hand smoke by @samriggsmusic debuts in the top 20 this week on our texas music spotify chart gt   httpst.cose3ircsxna
 and im far from cheap  i smoke skunk with my peeps all day  big biggiesmalls
 last night smoked a l and tonight im right back
 even the socalled commercial medical marijuana looks trash 
 now you know the white boy is gonna back and smoke him later right i like how yung blaque handled his bidness  but 
 all i need in this life is weed amp steak tacos w green sauce. fuck these niggas 
   truth amp beauty. as @franlebowitz chain smokes 3 packs simultaneously 
 have togo and carve the turkey. i made turkey. in the oven. wanted to smoke it. but im boring. so i cooked it. in the           o v e n
 we get it. you like to smoke weed. stop being corny about it...
 tonights special is bacon mac amp cheese with smoked brisket and grape tomatoes for 14 
 2 weeks worth of weed... 2 weeks worth of food 
 the first time i smoked was out of a potato 
 @siriusxmvolume guilty pleasures 1. phil collinsjennifer warnes  separate lives. 2. sanford townsend band  smoke from a distant fire.
 the only food in my house has weed in it
 last night i dreamt that i overdosed...on weed lmao
 lunch in texas. @ smoke shack bbq 
 white privilege is never having to smoke out of an apple
 @drsmeena hey doc  i ate beef jerkey and ritz crackers and smoked catfish for supper  healthy or no  once again  dont count the sodium...
 @caitlinferris today i cried because i smoked my last cig out of the pack ok im going to therapy
 i just want you to smoke with me babe.. smoke with me babbbyyy  
 wine and weed and wine and weed
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq in tustin  ca 
 was in the mood for smoked gouda @ vons in fresno  ca 
 today was a good day. @ pappys smokehouse 
 hes smoked his mother
 @beynate amp @jennav5 talking at uoft about legalizing marijuana. 
 come try our authentic smokehouse specials.  tonight we have smoked fresh bbq chicken 
 the marijuana industrys first unicorn is being added to an influential stock index  via @themoneygame
 the marijuana industrys first unicorn is being added to an influential stock index  via @themoneygame
 comida @ the smoke barn in eagle pass  tx 
 update i didnt burn down the house. lotsa smoke tho.
 i thought i made a new friend but then we went to the gas station amp she bought swishers amp black amp milds then smoked them as they were.
 @graveyardcarz @gycmark no googling  1968 charger rt 440 magnum. smoke that mustang
 @setyourgoais i get weed in my mouth and throw a fit tbh
 non smoker longsleeve shirts are selling tomorrow for 10 in the south cafeteria during lunch periods. get yours b 
 finish your assignments  yahya so you can smoke your weed girl
 date night was last night  and we found a gem... a smokefree  byob and all around awesome pool hall... datenight 
 crabmeat deviled egg and smoked salmon appetizer tonight on lh447. yum 
 i been laughing at tweets tonight .. reminds me when i was 20 smoking weeds .. flash backs cuz i havent smoked weed on over 30 years
 most newsworthy item tonight trump proved he could have always released his taxes and the audit excuse was a smokescreen. @maddow
 two frys turkey bolognese with smokehaus blues  
 @issuerdirect rothparis chain smokers
 @djmarkfarina nice smoked meat in my home town...the best
 bought smoked turkey breast lunch meat from the store and it smellstastes like tuna 
 i need to pass this pee test by april 11 tomorrow will be 4 weeks clean but i smoked every day for years and am  freakin out
 on a snowy wintery day smoked crab mac n cheese with smoked garlic amp 
 happy birthday dinner for matthew @ lucilles smokehouse barbque in bakersfield  ca  
 father son holy smoke..
 @chrislhayes smokescreen  chaff  red herring  whatever you want to call it. im not falling for it. gop healthcare debacle. remember that.
 tonights steak feature grilled center cut of ribeye served with smoked gouda bacon grits and fried okra. finished 
 thinking about investing in a smoker maybe even a big green egg 
 the last workaholics episode is tomorrow  free beer n weed at my place 10pm dont b late
 if a guy smokes weed hes 910 unemployed or works as a dishwasher at applebees and is also a scrub 
 @midnight cannabis women in the avocado jungle of death drugmovies
 @superbloo @geekyjuuu yes  reflec beat is code for weed  im gonna stumble past you guys at colossal  we 4way a chalice and then i go
 fuckinng pissed  first bowl pack of the day n the fucking wing just blew the weed out of the bowl
 this was us when we smoked for your birthday @dimeex 
 boyle heights building engulfed in smoke and flames on e. chavez avenue 
 notices will posted throughout the night and into the morning regarding presence of trace smell of any smoke at llb campus. no closure
 no one to smoke dope with late at night 
 @travis4peace who bought you food who bought weed all the time me nigga i gave you the world. dont try to diss me cus you a hoe.
 i smoked in the shower for the first time it was cool
 @jason try pig in a pickle in corte madera.   the chef is legit  as is his smoker.
 not a morning person this french toast with cannabis  spices and toppings is worth waking up for. 
 @luibalboa @mackenziedern  you havent even done a smoker
 okay guys ive made two weed jokes in a row  time to call it a night
 well i wouldnt smoke that in the first place  
 good weed  white wine  i reminisce in the night time.
 i really got scared for a second cause i saw something out the corner of my eye. it was the light on the smoke detector.
 i smoked too many blunts yesterday
 if she smoke blacks she will steal the change out your ash tray. fact
 almost off  smoke this here night blunt  day off tmrw  whaass haaan
 1st week done  i was hanging with friends who bought me pizza and smoked me out.  314
 i always be in my feels when i smoke late at night by myself
 a video of how to make a smoked herring eggs is coming soon @foodnetwork @foodandwine @texasfood @bwphaiti 
 sooo pissed i had to smoke a swisher last night . smh
 @vanjones68 @nonsoinbills keep his feet to the vanno one else willwe have2stop this maniac its a smoke screen2cover up russian ties
 my apartments paperboy showed up an hour late and left a strong threestory weed scent in the stairwell this morning. forumblazing
 happy humpday and weed wednesday 
 i remember i first got to gsu and met bitches that smoked weed that i wouldnt date.. then i got the dusty dick and changed my mind.
 @cspanwj @johnwonderlich @sunfoundation there is too much smoke and mirrors to see any transparency in our government anymore
 idlikearefundfor that weed you sold me.. i was only high for a few hours
 9out of10 smokers start before the age of 18  and 98 start smoking by age 26. sign our banner during lunch periods kickbuttsday @lkwdlhs
 i texted my weed man he was handsome last night
 910 smokers start before the age of 18  and 98 start smoking by age 26. sign our banner during lunch periods. kickbuttsday @lkwdlhs
 wednesday special green eggs amp ham grilled chicken sandwhich with smoked ham  swiss  pesto and lto  served with fr 
  you know i like my chicken fried    soft boiled eggs  w cholula ranch  smoked cheddar hollandaise 
 snoop can do whatever the fuck he wants he smoked weed in the white house remember  
 a first course lunch option  beef tartare with smoked egg  capers amp potato chips  you can 
 change the batteries in your smoke alarms and then place the used batteries curbside with your garbage pickup @dufferinwaste
 shout out to everybody who cant smoke in the house on this cold windy day
 straight up smoked a bowl on 6th street last night while i was drunk af amp the cops just politely turned away   
 i love how tessa can send me a snap of weed  hot cheeto fries  jumex  e.t.  or fruta y chile and caption it imy and ill wanna cry 
 especially in the mornings i be sounding like i smoked 12 packs of bogies
 holy smokes ima be late. i over slept
 @glynnernesto smokers havent made themselves our consistent cultural opposition. smokers didnt say  bake the cake bigot
 no marijuana for 2 weeks starting sunday. this is real bruh
 @dcexaminer @waltdog4 ok  still more smoke.  another foreign agent  with more russian ties  nearly made a part of the trump administration
 have you tried our fish lovers grilled smoked salmon sogood warmup fresharepas followus glutenfree 
 this sunday. shoppers get in free. concert starts 12pm noon. cannabis products 21.  setlist drops this week. 
 i smoke one for breakfast i smoke one for lunch 
 last night smoked a l and i swear it was some thrax 
 st.patricks day drink special of the day at lil brown smoke shack limerick lad  chocolate mint cookies amp creme  
 bbq @ smoke shack bbq 
 getting smoked in the first round of our fantasy basketball playoffs
 have you tried our fish lovers grilled smoked salmon sogood warmup fresharepas followus 
 today we have breakfast for lunch fried egg  smoked bacon amp blue cheese on tuscan.......messy...messy ...messy numefood
 ribs asparagus mushrooms corn smoked chick bratwurst dos equis free ass food while it lasts 
 introducing the cityscape indigo linen napkins. made with super soft hemporganic cotton fabric 
 holy smokeshow my gf is a babe 
 i got woken up by a phone call and i sound like i smoked two packs of cigarettes. 
 sandwichoftheday pulled pork  ham  gruyere  tomato  smoked onion  mustard bbq on a pretzel roll
 a tasty little midday treat...bbq smoked chicken nachos with spicy sauce.   bbq spicy 
 my professor is convinced marijuana cures heartbreak 
 thanks for the thoughts on our cellar series smoked stout @brewdrinkrun what do you all think 
 @herbfolks  declares weedmaps defunct. its outlived its usefulness
 best table in the house. on the menu brisket  smoked okra amp smoked mushrooms and smoked mac amp 
 bruh we had a smokeout last night
 im at intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery in garland  tx 
 i have to bake 2 pies for this weekend. host a dampd game for 7. mow the back yard and weed the front. hopefully draw some this weekend.
 just bought 1lb of bbq and smoked chicken to take to @kaley0707s for supper if only bed bath amp bodyworks sold candles that smell like this
 im getting irritated af and i aint smoked all day
 @tayloriannn smoked gouda
 hope everyone banked on jpex the nice thing is if you had been listening you would have been loaded for the push. tick flippers got smoked.
 marfuletta smoked tuna and cured ham stacked with oily olive salad is the rosedale riff ona muffuletta 
 im so blunt they can smoke my truth
 smoked turkey amp lockharts slaw @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 @goodwoodbrewing thanks to scott for stopping by martins yesterday. looking forward to my next hemp gose
 i just love love tv pizza weed to death to my probable literal death
 one time i didnt have a pipe or anything  so i smoked out of a potato
 im just guna start studying in the smoke pit so i dont have to go back and forth between fourth floor as a chainsmoke my life away
 @jessekellydc you have to smoke or fry the turkey. much better that way
 trying to cook chicken wings for the first time and made our @nest smoke alarms go off  at least we know they work
 damn bobriskyy is living the life. one pot of soup with dry fish  fresh fish  smoked fish  snails  turkey  crab and kpomo. enjoyment
 good weed  white wine. i come alive in the night time
 3 cheese crab dip  @ salt amp smoke 
 im at green street smoked meats in chicago  il 
 i bought lipstick by @limecrime bc @hightimesmag said it was the best to last through a smoke sesh 
 wicked weed oblivion on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 6 oz of our smoked chicken  and herb  yams amp broccoli. you may decide to have it for lunch or 
 @hardball @davidcayj all smokeampmirrors. of course @realdonaldtrump planted old return. or was it john miller  maybe john barron nitwit
 i smoked too much gas last night and woke up late smfhhhh 
 im at lockhart smokehouse in dallas  tx 
 i used reg cream cheese and smoked salmon cream cheese on a bagel and its heaven
 hey @stephsforrer put this on your list bacon beignet with a smoked clam dip @circadiaseattle oh and martinis  too
 @asaptwelvyy meet the weed nuns   
 holy smokes  hearsts grandson is gonna be a special guest at a screening of citizen kane. this is just.......wild. 
 enjoying this beauty ... @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  west covina 
 load in is done and smokey 10 is napping in our pit. dinner at steak and shake smokey10 ppim 
 i wont ever buy weed off someone under the age of 20
 got a little fancy for chef chefscottlj . dry aged ribeye aupoivre   smoked potato  sauce 
 outstanding pizza today primastrada. house smoked ham  confit garlic  smoked salt  62 egg. 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in west covina  ca 
 an irish coddle. bangers  bacon  onion  potato  smoked ham hock broth  soda bread  irish butter. 
 happy hour all day again every wednesday. 5 off in smoked meat platters and bottles of wine onlyatdunns 
 amazing lunch at our fave french restaurant   1. beet salad  2. smoked salmon carpaccio  3. 
 beer and condoms..... right  a fundraiser for p... smokejumper smoked imperial porter  photo
 am i the only person who forgot that megan fox is a smokeshow
 the @penguins just got smoked. no way to change it  just time to get ready for next game. not a bad road trip other than this last result
 last night i smoked a bowl and spent two hours remodeling my tinder profile
 well  it is white unlike the devil green amp brown of marijuana. 
 holy smokes way to go @michaeljknowles incredible feat 
 a genuine scientist for the future of cannabis is mourned by millions. lets hope his work continues. 
 chef tims lambshank in a double smoked bacon broth with a gremolata and parmesanrisotto  @cheftimcancook 
 when was the last time you smoked shit idk mom its been a lil while 
 like a swisher sweet that nigga gone get smoked on 
 jay smoked that
 loaded potato skins porchetta di testa  sour cream  chives  smoked salmon roe @ juniper amp ivy 
 great time with the folks and brother in town last week for the pac 12 unfortunately  the ducks didnt smoke arizo 
 late night recipe testing...just made vegan smoked salmon. i think ive outdone myself. 
 i smoked a beer once
 think id smoke this thing if i saw it in my bodega reaching for the last honey bun 
 time to jam out to some oldies and smoke one before passing out
 @rakoto10 i really hope tyler smokes .com this yr
 wine.. weed.. baby falling sleep. going to sleep peacefully with no thinking....
 not anymore  rt @osamazahran4 @osamazahran4 28 you smoke
 my bih on a og gas diet   just weed  no meat
 i smoke bogies now
 how about instead of worrying about marijuana we start worrying about the heroin epidemic idk just a thought
 he got smoked wit his fatass @thatkidanson 
 bruuuuuh why i find some weed in a capsule under my bed  we in theeeeere babyyyyy
 good weed white wine i come alive in the night time
 whyyyy is smokey burke up
 where the late night weedmans i need some to go to sleep 
 son all i do is watch jersey shore n smoke wtf
 2 more assignments then smoke break
 love changing smoke detector batteries at 3 am
 just passed a sign for legal weed. i can dig it. not so much the 199 office visit though.
 sanford amp son at five in the morning  because im weed dependent  but have no weed to put me back to sleep. honest
 @yungcoke i havent smoked in a week  maybe you right
 whats for breakfast apple smoked gouda bread pudding  black pepper bacon  and apple  pumpkin  walnut mash inside 
 white owl  honey you havent smoked the best until youve smoked this kind
 jessy and i had such a good smoke session last night 
 so i bought them knowing im only gonna smoke like half of it at a time but hey it was a 1 off pack
 @matthewdsmeyer @learnaboutsam @govofco @meetthepress  students not in school not surveyed. suspensionsexpulsions related to weed way up.
 i got cotton mouth and i didnt even smoke today lmfao 
 if i smoked a regular dutch i wouldnt even get high
 last blunt you can ever smoke what rello u choosin
 i was so high last night that i put the ash from my bowl inside my weed container n im super upset about it
 change up your lunch break routine  hit the rdgterminalmkt today and grab the bavarian smoked 
 i saw sunn o last night. you cant really tell from this photo as its mostly smoke but trust 
 cubano today at leeway housemade ham amp smoked pork w swiss cheese  sliced pickles and yellow mustard on a pressed 
 holy shamrocks  thats the best batch yet said pit boss tasting the 14day corned smoked brisket. stpatricksday 1dayaway avleats bbq
 after months of not smoking  i smoked the devils lettuce last night 
 tomorrows the last day for the reuben sandwich at fritzs smoked meats. dont miss it. @ 
 @kingbranko @fatmackwuap @melo2115 @we0utchea  crip it will be smoked with them 
 and you sat on the corner of my bed  and you smoked with the ghost in the back of my head  lisaloeb
 bernie bros realizing ag sessions is going to put an end to their legal recreational marijuana party.  saps marijuana wetoldyouso
 salmon toast  deconstructed   hickory smoked salmon  dill  capers  scallions and lemon. 
 salmon toast  deconstructed   hickory smoked salmon  dill  capers  scallions and lemon. 
 pit master smokey schwartzs weekly locally sourced special for this week at the burnt end bbq 
 day 1 of the pnwhc  already a beer down and its only 10am gonna be a great weekend serving a smoked lager on saturday
 part of the @chcaeagles spread for marchmadness. must do it right today thanks for the smoked meat @atallahadam. 
 was at the hospital for 9 hours last night and didnt get home until 4am  all i want right now is to smoke a bowl  but i cant 
 these young entrepreneurs are transforming a neglected agricultural community into modern hemp industry 
 these young entrepreneurs are transforming a neglected agricultural community into a modern hemp industry 
 the cannabis business can soon save the day. weed startup lobbyists should combat this heroesgethightoosometimes 
 i need some smoke today will not be like yesterday.
 if i smoked  the only time i would smoke is at night  it just aint no way i could smoke in the day time and be high alllll day
 pit stop for lunch @ wicked weed brewing 
 @mariakh shameless  weeds
 ugh whos tryna smoke in pico this weekend p
 the only thing i smoke get you a box 
 im at sonny bryans smokehouse in irving  tx 
 madison southern track fundraiser tomorrow night at smokehouse grill from 59pm. the athletes will be waiting tables and doing dishes
 i put tobacco in my weed and honey in my coffee 
 this is what your smoke detector sounds like @forrestashwood 
 smoke weed like jim mcmahon 
 these people dont have friends that smoke meat apparently. 
 everyday is a great day for barbecue come by and get some delicious pit smoked bbq today 
 barney greengrass est 1908 upper west side appetizer smoked fish  and sturgeon goodness for 
 some of the most successful adults i know smoked so much weed when they were my age and it clearly aint ruin their life 
 new tartine in progress for spring menu harissa smoked salmon belly   fresh garbanzo hummus  
 @seanspicer just smoked jim acosta in press conference
 almost got into 3 wrecks omw to the weedman 
 shaker honey gelato  rhubarb with smoked strawberries  fennel pollen creme fraiche and honeycomb 
 and when was the last time you smoked marijuana uhmmm like an   hour ago ......
 smoked pecan hand pies in the grove location. flaky  buttery pastry filled with a bourbon custard loaded with smoke 
 yay delicious smoked and grilled meat @ rack shack bbq in west saint paul  mn  
 yay delicious smoked and grilled meat @ rack shack bbq in west saint paul  mn  
 syrup pills and alotta weed
 busy making tarts today in here today. blueberry goat cheese  olive  smoked bacon  oven dried 
 fed asked me whens the last time i smoked weed in my car amp i said yesterday like a hoe 
 who wants to comeover and smokedrinkw me tomorrow night
 because i smoked 4 days before a drug test and passed 
 i wouldnt smoke out of a granny smith
 steamed pei mussels grilled commonwealth cure smoked fennel sausage  san marzano tomato  scallion butter broth  ba 
 stop by our smoke shop tomorrow during the stpatricksday parade we are on the parse route on broadway 
 my weed man sent me a kissy face last night. he tryna get it.
 since when did cocaine replace weed in the rap game
 tonight small plate 2  smoked fried chicken. mesquite smoked southern fried chicken with spicy 
 spring cannot come soon enough heirloom tomato salad with burrata  house croutons  smoked 
 i saw hippies on the side of the road today and gave them like 3 grams of weed. they were super hype.
 today i literally and in all seriousness  pulled weed out of erins ass
 thought this was insightful as to wtf the govt is thinking all the time about weed efficacy  
 pickles bought me a new jar for my weed  she knows me so well 
 @amandarufffer oh nooo i can make salmon so good and smokey you wouldnt even know its fish bitch no
 nutella. banana. hand pie. holy. smokes.     the top crust is flaky perfection dusted with 
 nutella. banana. hand pie. holy. smokes.     the top crust is flaky perfection dusted with 
 oh myyy already ate one of the smokey da bear sushi w smoked salmon bacon  portabello amp 
 yum bbq. @ the proper pig smokehouse  @properpigbbq in lakewood  oh 
 ready for these late night smoke sessions
 replaced the batteries in all five  smoke detectors in my 8 or 900 sf apartment. is five detectors excessive but also adultingsohard 
 shack burger  smoke shack burger and bacon cheese fries  @ shake shack 
 come get your smoked spare ribs  straight from the grill to your plate. hot amp ready were here 
 tonights appetizer special sausage and cheese stuffed mushrooms with smoked gouda sauce. 
 this smoked salmon dip from chulaseafood is hot   we definitely ordered seconds.  had to 
 press night at killerbsono ... the smokin b  jim beam black bourbon  buttermilk smoked honey 
 and tbh  weed has really helped with my period cramps  its kind of crazy.
 @brazyzack9 @jaayy4 you smoked out
 fucc life  fucc feelings  smoke propane
 tgirvine smoked turkey bolognese. fettuccine pasta @ tender greens 
 @bravotv needs to weed out the coattail riding hws nofake storyline porsha williams amp eileen davidson. rhoa rhobh wontbemissed
 @cigarvolante @vatxn @cspanwj i only level the word racist at the cigar smoker.  ive seen the proof.  why wont you own it
 @cigarvolante @vatxn @cspanwj you keep tweeting that.  it proves nothing.  they wouldnt smoke with u if they saw your racist tweets.
 q4 attainers dinner time @ green street smoked meats in chicago  il 
 im supposed to help people change batteries in their alarm systems and smoke alarms this guy called in and said last time he did it himself
 holy smokes this is huge  pls watch. daina is such an inspiration and has a heart of gold 
 father son holy smoke 
 this smoked salmon smoked me @ sarabeths key west 
 definitely a smoke my feelings and jam to led zeppelin kinda night
 new orleans weed 
 all i do nowadays is jam screwston and smoke blacks
 @porkninjas smokin that brisket to perfection. sides  sauces  smoked meat  get it in ya  
 i was 15  smoked a zip w 2 other people  was cutting some fruit for a pie  dropped it all  stumbled to a bed and pa 
 quick shout out to all of our beautiful fans. friwe will be @q13fox @840am with our smoked meatloaf sammy. we have to save @kaciaitchison
 we are definitely stopping up our tobacco and hemp game we are so excited to debut the brand 
 only @andykach would smoke arghile while driving 
 i shouldnt have even smoked last night. cause now i need another one 
 i have been so like pretentious today  this is what happens when you aint smoked all day till now
 new braunfels this weekend for my cousins weeding
 i smoked a lot of backwoods today
 day 9 ill stop counting at 2  weeks of cleanup ... harvested potatoes  pulled weeds  moved more cement... 
 wings and weed 
 just smoked with my step mom for her first time
 when your only piece of green clothing is a tshirt you got from a marijuana dispensary stpatricksday onlyincolorado
 my new favorite seasonings and smoked salts amp smoked sugar  yes yes comes from @whiskeyoak   highly recommended
 @ccornelius85 thanks family  lets smoke a heater
 aye yall i havent smoked all week. wait is monday apart of the week
 and you almost smoked the layup  
 i smoke to muchhhhhhh
 girls who smoke period  
 i just bought my first weed guys
 craftbeer special. glad to have wicked weed i... dark age bourbon barrel aged stout 2016  photo
 have you guys ever smoked coffee
 @taylastivka like...the 3rd time i smoked weed...
 you wouldnt have that problem if you smoked with me 
 me and halee where trying to trade weed for food last night 
 @fuhzers bro this nigga caleb rolls the best white owl ive ever smoked
 @themeninist @hostetler57 i bum rides and im not a crackhead. but i do live in washington state where cannabis is legal so im a pothead.
 smoke smoke smoke smoookkkeee
 apparently weed plants have created a society that renders males useless aside from their fertility 
 tbt to when i bought shitty weed from some guys in chicago 
 amp today i almost applied at weedmaps but then i got high..smh no more sleepin on myself
 that shit i smoked was potent... i just woke up  holy shit
 @michaelkeaton im in the suit as we speak posed in time as bird man ago @010the what do you mean paws in motion is sickness in plight smoke
 tour update last time dakota smoked pot he locked himself in his trunk and listened to tupac @wearesadgirl
 @kevinsabet the way i was raised  being terrified about marijuana addiction  i tried it. they lied to me.
 eating endless meat at fogodechao. everything was great  including the smoked salmon on the 
 caffeine and weed was not the best idea
 i smoked a white owl... there was no green.. i hit rock bottom... but im in a mansion so whatever  lmao
 plus  donated weed yup  its all in whats trendingthismorning. 
 omg i slept so good last night.. thanks weed
 @riskyliberal   if only conservatives smoked weed  what a wonderful world it might be
 happy st. patricks day how bout a fresh herb pesto to pop the needed green amp apple smoked gouda  for a delicious 
 @nikkicigfiend can you smoke a all white 120
 sunday morning at portland head light  cold start with some sea smoke out on cape 
 our mouth watering steak tartare served with pretzel toast  applewood smoked bacon amp foraged 
 anyone pinches me today  just know i already smoked the greens so im gon getcho hoe ass back 
 no. but we go to winthrop. almost the whole campus loud  all the wu students smoke  
 ready to drink green beer and smoke green herbs all day stpatricksday
 obama smoked the weeds when he was younger look at him now  unemployed with 2 kids and he just got evicted. stoptheweeds 
 @captaincompton watch weeds its better than shameless
 today for st. paddy @4handsbrewery chocolate milk stout bundts wespresso stout ganache amp smoked honey salted caram 
 trypod @mattyglesias @sarahkliff @ezraklein recommended the weeds to a friend  were loving matts rants about paul ryan  preach
 obama smoked weed growing up and look where he is today. unemployed with two kids and just got evicted.
 he alllll the way smoked out
 son i had a weed brownie for the first time last night and i swear i died and came back to life
  bampc melrose bbq specials today  snoked salmon  smoked ribs  amp nachos come see us @ 2617 franklin pike 
 happy st. patricks day    corned beef smoked to perfection  reubens  and golden catfish nuggets    we deliver 
 good city stadt smoked lager on tap now.  @goodcitybrewing beermenus
 just in time for the weekend smoke and oak from stackbrewing craftbeerservedhere 
 a six pack amp a pack of smokes
 at first i thought they smoked it out  
 wheres your green at i smoked it..... happy st.patricks day
 @alessandratrask i smoked a joint last night that had to be laced speed.
 i smoked a blunt with rihanna in my dream last night
 i smoked the best backwood yesterday and i ate sushiiiii for the first time
 @alessandratrask im smoked maybe three joints my entire life. usually i pass right out.
 pairing of the week oz grenache amp smoked meat.  
 flashbackfriday when the cannabis clan was hunted yes cabbie amp his clan were once illegal readallaboutit in one o 
 save green by wearing green get 10 off your smoke accessory purchase today plus spin the 
 and last time i smoked gas i almost crashed a whip
 in the white house .. w a pocket full of weed in the white house
 happy st.patricks day hope you all smoke your greens today haha
 plus i smoke the boof
 honey creme by kilo is now at smoke this too   vape stpatricksday coralsprings vapefam vapingcommuity 
 craft beer cellars exclusive korean smoked chicken sandwich grilled jalapenos  kim chi and a 
 fridays specials smoked burgers 6.00 topped with provolone  american or pepper jack cheese. 
 bbq @ dorothys bbq smokehouse 
 try our stpatricksday special montreal smoked beef on a baguette at tfc baja @uoftmississauga utmfood 
 remember weeding day  eve and blessings from parents   siblings and friends   relatives that day . god bless you al 
 i dont need to wear green today i already smoked it happystpatricksday
 cutting logo on the side of a smoked ash draw box. one of 3 pieces for our customer.  cnc 
 we have melted the snow.  i can smell the smoke.
 bros came thru for the smoke break
 twice baked potatoes and smoked mac and cheese  
 im eating all the smokey mac n cheese
 just smoked a raw joint of cannabis amp im on my 2nd 24oz of beer stpatricksday 2017
 celebrating st patricks day with samosas potatoes and smoked wings made on big green egg. 
 good weed and oldies gtgtgtgt
 and that was all my weed for pot of gold today  
 yall cop some pack and we can smoke in front my crib after work @balmainbravo @midnyteee 
 what is your stpaddysday smoke of choice  nowsmoking filthyhooligan by @alecbradley 
 dont get pinched...eat your greens celebrate stpatricksday with reginellis smoked salmon salad 
 dont forget cannabis industry training classes tomorrow at the @702vcm offices. state mandated 
 @sarcasimtwts 205 smokehouse for some pulled pork nachos or 230 butchers hot dogs is up there as well 
 dont forget our cannabis industry training classes tomorrow at the @702vcm offices. learn the 
 holy smokes. 20 wines  cider  beer  whiskey amp more. today at 4pm. happy stpatricksday  @experiencesw 
 damn its st patricks day and i smoked all my weed last night
 i dont smoke that mauwie wauwie on the weekends so i wouldnt know. severson   
 celebrating the day with a lovely cabernet paired with fine smoked gouda and roasted garlic crackers...  wait  am i doing this wrong again
 holy smokes. 20 wines  cider  beer  whiskey amp more. today at 4pm. happy stpatricksday @experiencesw 
 taste the luck of the irish  todays menu special is smoked reuben pizza  on home made 
 me w a bag of frooties the last time i smoked 
 i smoked afoot long blunt at the russ concert last night
 happy st.patricks day white and safety green on hanes smoke shirts for @cfculpeper 
 hickory smoked jerk chicken is on the special board tonight. @ fox bros barbq 
 why in the name of the father son and holy smoke are there no tickets for la smi 
 @fanduelpimps i been getting smoked son
 i cant wait for the smokehouse bbq bacon sandwich  chickfila
 when in montreal try schwartzs smoked meat  @ schwartzs 
 obama smoked weed growing up  and now look where he is today.. unemployed w 2 kids and evicted from public housing. 
 opened the place.... glad we did @ frontier bbq amp smokehouse in niagara falls  ontario 
 im at tommys smokehouse barbq in ga 
 thank you  bartender. this is so good. funkatorium happyblending barrelaged @ wicked weed 
 start your st. paddys night with our special smoked corned beef  bacon braised red cabbage over mashed potatoes w 
 last night took an l but tonight i smoke crack
 complements of my sister and brother in law  smoked white fish from 
 coworker wheres your green for stpatricksday  me i smoked it 
 @fannybayoysters wonderful feature for st patricks day faux irish stew made with smoked oysters and soda bread 
 portuguesestyle smoked tomato seafood stew with shark  salmon  potatoes  fennel  and saffron foodiefriday 
 i wish i smoked. tonight would be a get drunk and high day. but  alas.
 fucc wearing green today  im tryna smoke that chit 
 flashbackfriday to when we smoked a quarter and some change in one joint 
 i like peat flavor but this was a bit over the top.... peat smoked stout 
 my gma bought me beer since i bought her smokes
 obama smoked weed growing up  and now look where he is today.  unemployed with two kids and recently evicted.
 2 grain salad   smoked tomatoes   crispy bacon leaf and velour 
 bacon wrapped smoked onion rings 
 when the truth so blunt you can smoke it...
 @eggsandberken how much have you smoked today
 its tough for me to socialize when i hate alcohol ...tolerate my weed il tolerate your drinking
 irish green the state of cannabis this st. patricks day stpatricksday cannabis   check it out 
 @smogcitybeer stpatricksday grilled banger smoked irish sausage grilled onions and peppers  
 irish green the state of cannabis this st. patricks day  stpatricksday cannabis   check it out 
 i want a smoked turkey leg
 trumps lies r a smoke screen from his russian hacking ties money laundering  ethic violations  nondivesting amp his fears of impeachment  sad
 im at legal weed in ellensburg  wa 
 3 fighters test positive for marijuana at ufc fight night 104 via   
 i rather have weed falling out my jay den me having ah boney tony 
 pussy money weed and some pita chips the cinnamon sugar ones
 fresh smoked pork steak blackened with sunnyside up eggs  hint of garlic . farmfresh organic 
 @heifer109 cheechampchong wouldof smoked it the firstday the fakemedia amp demloosers accused trump @throe @nikkitur @tgradous @brothervet
 asthma kicked in tonight... hacking like a smoker.
 im about to smoke my last blunt and call it a night
 free smokepurpp way fucc12
 @joefentzke lay off the weed kid
 at my house warming im gonna have a donation jar. any and everything accepted money  change  weed  whatever u got
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in west covina  ca 
 date night with mysterious girl p datenight lucillesbbq @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  bakersfield 
 yadi smoked that one.
 nobody pinch me. i may not be wearing green but i smoked one  so that counts.
 whatisdanielfongeating rawoysters smoked fried oysters @ grand isle 
 @littleceasars5 the smokehouse is amazing. my  cheese pizza only  4 yr old ate 2 whole pcs. said it was the best she ever had it was it is
 chillen with all this weed on my table boyfriend passed out 
 @disneylandtoday smoked bacon mac and cheese foodandwine 
 @disneylandtoday deviled eggs with smoked trout foodandwine 
 the crew for halisbday gotta try those funky beers @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 havent smoked any flower since sunday night
 theitch @ copper pig bbq amp smokehouse 
 i cant replace the battery in my smoke detector till tomorrow  and its chirping has my slowly going batty. 
 this the most i smoked innna day
 that moment when you just need to smoke some weed....before you kill a mofo. 
 @btauzin38 smooth smoke
 thanks for the free weed white dude
 my weed is green. does that count stpatricksday
 so blount you could smoke my truth
 if i smoked.....
 3 rd course by @michaeltusk  french white asparagus  smoked sturgeon  potatoes  and @brcaviarus 
 bruce and i smoked hippie sabotages blunt
 yes. damn good bbq perfect for a southern boy in cali.   @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  
 russa 2015  cold potato salad with smoked norwegian salmon and lighty smoked dill mayonnaise. 
 just b.q. a turkey today boy love smoked turkey it was so good 
 i smoked 3 times in like 2 yrs like bra i was pose to be sleep like yesterday onna high shit
 caffeine and weed and beer and chinese food.
 happy st paddys day i didnt have any green beer but i did smoke some weed 
 first time i bought some weed i was sold
 sunday will make 2 weeks of no weed smoke 
 no 84 plus 3   we just smoke 93 
 i didnt wear green yesterday  i smoked it thoe.
 first time i smoked weed i remember thinking about how funny the idea of installing a new fish washer instead of a new dishwasher would be
 we smoked weed  drank beer and did mad coke  toby
 bill maher smoked her ass last night on real time. barney frank even jumped in. 
 volunteers briefing installation day freesmokealarms quincy smoke alarms save lives  @redcrossma @cityofquincy 
 so there was a bonfire type flame at the party last night and now my beard wreaks of smoke beardlife
 key lime pies wtoasted meringue piweek plus @mrbjangle2415 smoked corned beef breakfast hand 
 when the smoke detector starts beeping and theres not a single 9 volt battery in the house... 
 i drunkenly smoked almost half a pack of cigarettes last night and i feel like a pile of shit.
 @realjameswoods jerry brown just proved smoking marijuana destroys the brain.
 i smoked weed
 picture me in the white house with a pocket full weed in the white house 
 me and @darksidejones had that corner smoked out in brick last night
 woke up to what i didnt smoke last night
 need my weed  like i need my you. last night i had a moment because i didnt have the two.
 i want some food from the smokehouse
 siblings find blunts in the car them shaddei you smoke me no  bailey does  them i thought she was a good girl  
 slap happy saturday  get yo hands on our jumbo smoked crispy chicken wangs and french kiss the brisket dip... 
 remember when i smoked weed in germany
 finger licking good lunch special our new ham amp cheese features homemade focaccia and smoked 
 jumbo chicken wangs smoked n fried to perfection    crispy smokey flavor savor chicken wing saturday 
 twisted chickpretzel crusted smoked chicken breast stuffed with  4 cheeses  spinach amproasted red peppers  topped w 
 the dark beer continues today  open 129 with morro castle smoked porter  the captains 
 quick and easy paleo smoked salmon sushi breakfast. dundasont hamont bakerylife 
 bacon an weed is what i like in the morning
 lasts nights wing liner can turn in tonight smokey eye if you believe in yourself
 munching down on smoked salmon and cream cheese. read into that what you will @skyfireonline
 i was so lit last night  that weed was fire 
 decided to smoke some green stuff  not drink any this st pattys day  stpatricksday day late 
 my homemade breakfast the day before marathon. an open face egg  turkey bacon  smoked salmon  
 some old man at the bar last night was wearing a necklace of marijuana leaves instead of shamrocks and i didnt have the heart to tell him
 so last night i was rly hungry amp i found a guy with a smoker on central and i def bought a smoked pork sammich from a stranger. so 
 la smokehouse for lunch at the store 
 vegan lunch spaghetti squash  parsley  red pepper  lemon  roasted garlic  hemp and tabasco  @ 
 vegan lunch spaghetti squash  parsley  red pepper  lemon  roasted garlic  hemp and tabasco  @ 
 freezing cold  cramps  week old smoke cravings  fml  please kill me 
 tried the new les frites in the france area.  the smokehouse fries are amazing right. the 
 chocolate porter pancakes with whiskey apple syrup and hardwood smoked bacon brunch special 
 bought a zip just to smoke  we rolling big woods
 decided not to bring the camera to the party last night. we just enjoyed ourselves and smoked like a chimney. 1ambounce
 i smoked this morning in the shower and it was so fucking lovely 
 1. secure the tree 2. smoke the tree 3. secure the snacks  or just pull up to warehouselive on 420 
 our wineofthemonth the wolf trap red blend is a mouthwatering mix of dark berry  plum  smoke 
 yummy smoked trout and leek pie way to go piecemealpies @ piecemeal pies 
 late night on thayer tonight 11 to 2am. bluefish  dory  smoked asada  sweet potato  seared kale.
 come and relax on the patio. open today 121130pm  food with glenns smoked meats  live music @ 
 eating smoked cheese in muenster  texas @ fischers meat market 
 back at @jjbootleggers again. just cant stay away from gourmet mac amp cheese and smoked bbq meatloaf.
 the last smoked chicken @ ohio city provisions in cleveland  oh 
 yesterday was my last night w my friends and they just smoked cigarettes and dickshamed me for two hours
 im at georgia boys bbq  the smokehouse in frederick  co 
 look awesome sign 1 of the houses installation day freesmokealarms smoke alarms save lives@redcrossma 
 celebrating stpattysday all weekend w some irish cheddar and smoked bacon mac and cheese. 
 we heart our smoked bbq bones buy one today at the treat bar amp get a free treat of your 
 with a smoked peppercini  a green bean  bacon  celery  pepper jack cheese  an olive  or three  
 i think im a little too excited about beach day at work  oh  @ woodshed smokehouse 
 sausage bbq sampler. @ meyers elgin smokehouse  @cuetopia in elgin  tx w @khaisoyyo  
 canada is nice. smokes poutine is good. money is colorful.
 fried duxbury oysters | cornmeal crust  house smoked bacon  creamed spinach  microgreens  
 texas built smoker with a 2nd level.... trying some sucklebusters texas pecan rub on the ribs 
 have you tried nerdvana for brunch yet shown here is their pig skillet  smoked ham  pork 
 happy with this smoke line. bbq austin texas atxbbq @ austin  texas 
 thanks john amp deanne for the smoker hint  i only boil eggs everything else 
 mini smoked salmon potato skins.  tonights passed appetizer. kitchenbtch potatoes 
 mom what kind of wine did you get me white zin. reminds me of college when i used to drink it from a box and smoke a ton of cigarettes.
 more coffee with delicious rosemary sea salt bagel and topped with house made smoked salmon 
 the italian  irish  amp smokehouse fries from les frites even though they were all good  the smokehouse fries were a 
 the proper slopper done gave me some meatsweats @ the proper pig smokehouse 
 1 free smoke  2 no long talk feat giggs
 max amp cheese angrydate annnnnnnd more beer @ fat bobs smokehouse 
 bruh im not going out 2 nights in a row i rather smoke marijuana and watch the fresh prince 
 mac n cheese with pulled pork  and beer @ fat bobs smokehouse 
 bbq  @ mables smokehouse 
 last saturday  i was sampling the brunch menu at the house brasserie  like this colorful smoked 
 keep rollin your wacky weed bish 
 brunchservice is over...now time to smoke some salmon kitchenmissions rockon dlrslydrvn @ 
 march madness  fresh mozzarella   brie  smoked gruyere  horseradish white cheddar  sharp yellow 
 if i didnt smoke i wouldnt survive working at ops 
 my sis  broinlaw and nephew @jdkieswetter at air force academys texas night. 8 smokers fed 1500 cadets tx bbq. 
 my sis  broinlaw and nephew @jdkieswetter at air force academys texas night. 8 smokers fed 1500 cadets tx bbq. 
 pull up to my shows tonight austin tx sxsw im givin out free weed and drugs  find me 
 my sis  broinlaw and nephew @jdkiesewetter at air force academys texas night. 8 smokers fed 1500 cadets tx bbq 
 @hunterbenjamin3 hbd kid glad u made it to the legal age to smoke nicotine  
 that last 20 seconds of free smoke...i... 
 @kamyra1123 yesss im like woah what the hell and i smoked. i was done for 
 i deadass just slept the whole day bro   momma asking me what did i smoke last night to be waking up @ 7 pm
 im at jbs smokehouse barbeque in arlington  tx 
 apparently i tried to smoke a pizza roll last night
 new to dessert menu @blueginger smoked honey glazed okinawan sweet potato donuts w toasted buckwheat ic  honey miso cream  @mingtsai
 last 20 seconds of free smoke  kardinall official was barely cool
 que rica cena @ the smoke barn in eagle pass  tx 
 not the best smoked beer ive had  but it has great flavors. thanks... pulled porter dank tank 
 im at @bonedaddys house of smoke in dallas  tx 
 did you check your smoke alarms last week when the clocks went ahead if not  no time like the present. rm
 the sneaky pickles smoked tempeh is undefeated amp i love how they cook their fries
 free smoke sound 10x in the whip..
 capn stans smokehouse sold out of most everything  including the lima beans. got the last leg quarter amp potato sa 
 we both just remembered that i smoked last night 
 join us tomorrow for 5 tallboys and a smoked turkey dinner special.   
 ugh pizza got on the bottom of my oven last week and i forgot to clean it. now as im cooking another pizza  it smells and is smokey. 
 chicken fried steak with just about of smoker brisket on ranch potatos omnichef vip texas 
 mardi grade creole chicken  watermelon tea and a crocodile swamp cooler @ lucilles smokehouse 
 and this aint no mid this blunt   yea i smoked a  for lunch 
 chipotle tabasco leaves my mouth feeling like i smoked a cigarette.
 be so blunt that they could smoke your truth.
 white rustedout mini van bout smoked me in p town. smh she was showing off to her two teen kids yepthrowing shade. 
 @americanredcross smoke alarms save lives 
 dinner with my sweet man and the roomie yum @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq 
 free smoke period
 @berner415 im enrolled in a cannabis college at the moment amp your youtube videos inspire me more on the booming business g 100. tgod
 and to be smoked out before amp after those back shots. 
 the smoke detector in my hallway keeps beeping and its killing me. i feel like death amp want to lay down in peace 
 yum smoked sturgeon dollop on salmon and potato chip caviar charity givingback  @ elks 
 oyster drops  cornmeal blinis  creme fraiche. caviar smoked salmon roulettes  chevre. chilled 
 some wierd shit just happened and i smoked .7 in two apparently
 drowning my sorrows in beer and bbq. @ kennys smokehouse in plano  tx 
 the family is together again lucillesbbq @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  red rock casino 
 svengoolie stella is in the corner having a smoke
 @povvyl i think i have the title for most non commercial smoked briskets locked up for a long time.
 35 trout today and 15 reds. we smoked their asses
 that ball was smoked 
 when you smoke the herb  it reveals you to yourself  b. marley 
 that ball was smoked
 we smoked in the morning  then in the afternoon and at night we got drunk asf. yesterday was a cool ass day.
 yall ever peeped on friday smokey was like the first victim of a catfish 
 regrann from thebitelv    smoked salmon bagel benedict with red potatoes  and how do you like 
 it was like a pineapple sour patch kid. then it had that aftertaste every one who had weed is familiar with.
 alyssa starts choking kenzie what did you just smoke a 6 pack or something
 my lyft driver just smoked me up amp hes now my best fiend
 charred short rib  smoked eggplant pure  blackened onion  bone marrow demi and some green 
 this is my last day of spring break and im home alone watching weeds  backtomynormallife
 i have the saaaamee feeling but with weed 
 i got smoked out twice today life is a1 
 just woke up to have a smoke and im so excited for @greenday idk if i can sleep for another 3 hrs
 i cant remember the last time i smoked a cigarette
 im smoke dopw with the bros and some hoes and we rolling on e
 late night smoke session  idk 
 beautiful campfire smokiness. i love the long afte... smoke amp mirrors imperial smoked ale  photo
 until that ganja pulled up
 414am. wide awake. the brain does not want to shut down. plus  the smoke from my neighbors apartment he now invaded mine. nycglamour
 3am....time to put some pig on the smoker. its game day  goshox shockernation 
 its crazy cause everyone who smoked last night just woke up around the same time too 
 @saucyystoned @weedessence i know the feeling  just smoked a j myself 
 nbc charlotte chef alyssas deviled eggs with smoked chili and rosemary mustard from 
 working smoke detectorsalarms really do save lives.  test your detector batteries. 
 this dude mansplained proper vaping technique to me last night. sorry but id rather commit to a real addiction and not smoke glade plugins
 tried to rave last night but couldnt hang with the cigarette smoke
 brown rice bowl w kimchi hot sauce  avocado  sprouts  local tomatoes  smoked bacon amp sunny side 
 i didnt smoke before bed last night so i just dreamt of gas stations lots of gas stations
 look at this babe rledwards01 getting smoked out by the grill last night just to make me some 
 menu for todays wicked weed battered and bruised brunch the snozberry makes a triumphant 
 smoked hella weed last night im up still high asf 
 last week in nashville i got to see my nephew montana.  he blessed his unc with a nice smoke 
 i might actually smoke on my lunch today 
 what diet  fry bake and smoke herring  amp fry bake w sausage  trinibreakfastshed brooklyn @ 
 probably bleeding because of all those heavies i smoked last night
 @fytcompany nigga still be bumpin that smokers paradise
 smoked ham eggs benedict. poached eggs on french baguette with smoked ham topped with 
 last night me and my roommate smoked on 54th street and talked about what it would be like to be white for a day
 salted caramel pecan smoked sea salt amp pineapple upside down cinnamon rolls se7enbites 
 the house smoked salmon at @motorsupply is so  so good @chefwesfulmer @ motor supply 
 i wonder if kris smoked that black last night 
 i want smoked salmon with capers on a bagel
 im taking a week long t break starting today.. the last time i didnt smoke for a week was the summer before i moved into my apartment
 eggs with smoked gouda and sofrito. turkey bacon 
 vice  king of cannabis amp into the darkness capitalism  eh amp i want it darker. twitterminireviews
 yesterday bathroom selfie @ up n smoke barbque 
 rollin my weed 
 @skrewedupdev smoked like 4 of them bitches last night
 i smoked my last jay when i tweeted that
 12 took 5 bottles  2 24 packs  and an 18 pack of platinums  our grinders  weed  and bowls all because i was twerking out the window
 swear we smoked bout 15 blunts in the rotation yesterday
 free smoke @ hollygrove  new orleans 
 tax season lunch with  @honeybakedham smoked turkey breast sandwich. 
 anyone not at the parade trynna smoke 
 had some eggcellent smoked salmon scrambled eggs barleyandboard for brunch result 10 out of 
 lunch near williamsburg. @ two drummers smokehouse in toano  va 
 todays smokey eye brought to you by the mascara i didnt take off last night
 movers lunch break @ sonny bryans smokehouse in dallas  tx 
 the new smoked brisket with habanero bbq sauce. is where it is at @ qdoba mexican grill in mount pleasant  wi 
 easy appetizer smoked salmon with horseradish dill cream cheese on seedless cucumber slices. make it today  
 up and at em  list made. compost heap until back gives out weed whack fence lines in barn yard and orchard ours loo 
 how about a snack baguette with more of that delicious smoked salmon mousse weve brought back 
 best bbq  @ sugarfire smoke house  st. charles 
 i just had to post.. @ bears smokehouse bbq hartford 
 tonight  the debut  the takeover  big smoke yce blem blem on slavess litmob boiii 
 legs are smoked from riding two days in a row. taking a day off on this amazing day and will hit the trails tomorrow.
 the feeling when you drive 28 qualifying laps to overtake guys but then get smoked in pitlane by 410 seconds in re 
 i smoked weed all day yesterday by myself...you cant have an attitude with me
 on the smoker today  bacon wrapped avocados with egged inside  and sharp cheddar stuffed poblano 
 brunch before the long day @ the smoke house restaurant 
 so i smoked my first jay with my best friend last night in la   shit was lit
 i aint smoked since last friday 
 join us at 4pm today for 5 tallboys and smoked turkey tallboys bbq 
 wish i had the wonder bread  mayonnaise  and smokeless tobacco concessions at trump rallies... 
 im at @bonedaddys house of smoke in plano  tx 
 always reppin @redhornbrew this time at @cmvincent8 @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery 
 whats sunday without brunchsmoked salmon w egg flatbread is  . . . atlantic smoked salmon 
 @ginayarboro @lokifishco  they do a smoked salmon hash and its so tasty st this farmers market. fills me up until about 2pm
 im at the smoke barn in eagle pass  tx 
 i just smoked 6 gs and i just woke up wtf
 i remember me and josh was trynna smoke a dutch and we aint have a lighter but we saw reese at the red light and we was riding next to
 foundwhilespringcleaning those smokes i keestered last month
 delicious smoked salmon with capers on the salad bar at the new fogorestaurants in uptown @ fogo 
 anyone for a smoke out and brunch
 i smoked so many grams this weekend son
 get smoked is a classic lil mouse created a heater at age 13
 free smoke start off so smooth
 bbq sunday is here amp we have a spectacular bbq smoked turkey plate with sauteed bacon amp brussel sprouts with sweet 
 spectacular sunday is now spectacular can and bbq day not only do we have a smoke turkey special  also all tall ca 
 brekkie roll baddies.caf  cumbraes dbl smoked bacon  sunny egg  chimmichurri   tomato relish  
 i spotted 2 confederate flags in a rural oregon  then moseyed a few blocks over amp smoked a joint in the woods. getting me off task is tough
 @urloyalbeauty went to brunch had alotta mimosas and i smoked and had like 3 shots of crown
 12 hours smoked boneless ribs sandwich and floridian craft beer @ bristols burgers  
 harmony house bbq and the beef is fresh out if the smoke pit . big crazy love  @ecclesiahouston 
 i woke super late cause i smoked lol   i knew there had to be a reason for my dank sleep
 those bbq pellet cooker nerds are really stretching to be cool arent they i dont want beer and garlic smoke. t 
 jam monster and ethos are available at smoke this too coralsprings vape vapor vapestagram eliquid 
 and the great war on weed continues. 
 some tweaker in smokeypoint just yelled right by me and lexi get this monkey off my fucking back
 today i smoked weed out of a monster can.
 bbq grill charcoal barbecue backyard patio smoker cooker home meat burner new 
 applewood smoked jerk chicken  parm baked steak fries  garlic and onion green beans  and tomato 
 dark. smooth. smokey. creamy. delicious.  and i got another badge from @untappd   stout dark 
 someone have a smoke sesh with me tonight  come on last one of spring break 
 late lunch. tuscan kale rbg saute with blood orange sesame black seed garlic hemp seeds and 
 tuscan rbg kale rbg w bloodorange black seed garlic hemp seeds amp sunflower. black bean rotini wpeanut ponzu sauce 
 mmmm trying the new missouri ribs with potato salad yum @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  lake 
 boyyyy ion even smoke.but imma have to start 
 black cherry smoked chicken thighs on top of mashed white sweet potato. chicken topped wit 
  is this egg flavored weed ............
 spring is just around the corner. spent the day weeding and planting some flowers  herbs and 
 he bought himself weed...
 ncaa party at coaches house was lit saturday  and then smoked with damian  was perfect
 come see us for some amazing week of slow smoked bbq open all week except sunday from 1130 am to 830 pm  right 
 decided to watch weeds through again and the first episode has justin chatwin in it as a kid. aka steve aka jimmy aka jack from shameless
 all i do is drink wine and smoke weed
 @broooooood what did you smoke young lady 
 muecamo and the red smoke pizza from mrstanzione87 at @stanzione87  san marzano tomato 
 line cutterz shark tank episode will reair on abc prime time this friday holy smokes
 bacon wrapped smoked avocados  filled with egg. they were awesome and filling get the free 
 another smoked corned beef for st. patricks day weekend.  and some baking off the egg.  
 be so blunt they can smoke your truth.
 i smoked this whole weekend 
 announcement  ultimate tailgater  1lb smoked pulled pork  1lb smoked chicken  1lb smoked beef brisket...check 
 didnt wear green for st patricks day but definitely smoked it  
 someone should join me at smokey row tomorrow at noon 
 we jus smoked 6 blunts in 2 hours
 on sunday evenings i smoke a pipe of fine tobacco on the back porch and tweet about jeb.
 i believe the father is time  the son is sleep amp the holy spirit is cannabispsychedelics thedangerdoc turutorresmusic doorsbydoug
 thats nice. smoke alarm complains that battery is empty at 130am. of course in the bed room. hrmph.
 wayne is the  but shordy is smoked 
 my drugs of choice are cannabis  shrooms  lsd amp mdma dougsangels thedangerdoc turutorresmusic millenialpologomy doorsbydoug 
 3am ....rollin up weed.
 mmmmm delicious smoked salmon salad on a gorgeous sunday afternoon @ cassis american brasserie 
 what do you do when you find traderjoesofficialpage gf bagels and smoked salmon bacon thats 
 to smoke my last ciggerate or wait 
 plastic made from oil could be replaced with biodegradable hemp based plastic. by 2050 more plastic than fish in ou 
 theres smoked salmon in it  i swear @ egg shop nyc 
 ian get no sleep last night even wit all the dope i smoked at 11...
 @healthcanada yes i was 17 legal age was 16. i smoked for 23 yrs  tried to quit nothing worked until vaping. smoke free since aug 2015.
 how many packs of cigarettes can i smoke before i die should have been an elmo featurette  rip
 the red vests are coming and they are about to install hundreds of smoke alarms in new london. help us save more l 
 honda has just introduced the versattach ultimate work companion  it whips weeds  cultivates  
 trump steeped in all things russian  financially  campaign ties  hacks got him elected  placates puitin so much smoke trumprussia is real
 check out our new smoked fish salad today at unionstationdc  dcfoodtruck dcfoodporn dceats dclunch 
 cheers to spring  monday special smoked meatball hoagie with spicy bbq and provolone  served with fries. soup of 
 this will be my lunch today. kale salad with avocado and @rawxies smoked paprika crunchies. 
 had a dream i was at a migos x mac miller concert and i smoked a blunt w mac next to my mom lol
 roasted sweet potato on toasted sourdough w kale  apple  jalapeo slaw  garlic confit  smoked 
 hes my drunker hlf mcm stpaddysday yesthatsgumonmycup @ smokehouse tavern 
 whatever i smoked last night had me sleep talking  telling someone i loved them lmao
 yesterday was fun. made things blow up  smoked out  had great time. summer needs to hurry  this damn winter shit ne 
 my hockey team won the championship yesterday celebrated with beer and champagne in the locker room. and smoked s 
 hey @phxfire so when do you tell your residents its time to change the battery in their smoke detectors  
 this cookies and cream with the cannabis caramel for breakfast. im stuck 
 845am trash truck for an hour 930am car alarm goes off for 25 minutes 10am weed whacking begins and doesnt stop  can i sleep just once
 this weeks spesh please hammy  dont hurt em smoked pit ham  anjou pear and pecan relish  
 @joyannreid @duchwela2 @devinnunes the @gop is desperate to investigate the smoke detector  rather than put out the fire. comeyhearing
 my bday is 420. i will accept weed as a gift  thanks
 my little nephew is growing like a weed. good time catching up with the family yesterday. 
 sxsw was rough. was forced to smoke way too many backwoods.
 not even if you bought snowden in for trial would i agree with this smokescreen.  resigndonnie 
 that moment when you realize that the electrician should probably be told that the truth in housing inspector is testing the smoke alarms.
 last day of tour and im trying to get weed for me and friends in stone. help us have a fun last day lol 
 roughing out some oak and smoked ashash serving trays to replace stock on our etsyshop.  we 
 so blunt you can smoke my truth
 dagwood day smoked beef  smoked bacon  salami on tuscan with blue cheese  caramelized onion  avocado amp greens numefood
 last night of spring break went to taco bell late and then smoked in the parking lot with the employees
 i remember when i was a senior i bought tommy tesluck a pack of smokes and he made me keep the change from a 20.00 lol
 after my court date in texas im no longer residing in new orleans until they legalize weed.
 i love when i find whole packs of cigs i bought but was too drunk to smoke blessed
 the smoke shack burger add pickles was very tasty. they toast the bun  and it taste...  
 chili cheese dog kind of day smokehouse.provisions @ smokehouse provisions 
 mady will be 2 and some change by the time im able to smoke again
 hippity hoppity easter is on the way secure your house cured hickory smoked fox bros ham now 
 macs eau de parfum ruby woo smells like cigarette smoke 
 back home @ smokehouse beatsi made this for you 3ft 
 try the blue cheese slaw @ lockhart smokehouse in dallas  tx w @arkstfan 
 long time  hey ma  smoke again  good ass into. cant choose just 1 
 sushi monday  scottish salmon amp smoked salmon roll with wasabi mascarpone  cucumber  honey sesame soy sushi 
 accessory eyeshadow palette bronze smokey eye. cosmetics 
 im about to smoke a carton of cigarettes at once but all packs still in the box
 happy firstdayofspring in honor of the season change we are offering spaghetti with english peas  sweetbreads amp smoked mushrooms. tonight
 i need weed  food  or death rn
 hot dog buns fresh out of the oven smokehouse.provisions @ smokehouse provisions 
 nofilter smoked tofu po boy with peppers  @ san francisco cajun co. 
 we just smoked him said @morganwayman as she drag raced a 15 mustang in my 98 oldsmobile but he then proceeds to fly by at 80mph
 todays potd  vegan bbq sauce  mozzarella  organic chicken  applewood smoked bacon  organic broccolitomato and ch 
 wheelhouse... before anyone else arrives. smoked salmon. mmm. wheelhousegr smokedsalmon mmm @ 
 wicked weed freak of nature on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer nocoorslight intheberkshires beermenus
 a sunny day and mounds of smoked salmon youre all right seattle  youre all right. @ mr. west 
 wait wouldnt washington  colorado  dc amp whatever other state plus anyone with medical marijuana rx be exempt from 
 79 hot dogs short of my goal great weekend in chi @ old crow smokehouse 
 this cough sounds like i smoked a whole pack today when really all i did was run in the cold
 im at jakes smokehouse barbque in virginia beach  va w @dstraight1 
 nothing gets on my nerves more than some1 asking me how many packs of smokes have u smoked today or some1 telling me to go smoke another
 rocky hill inn burger | applewood smoked bacon  grilled onion  cheddar  griggstown farm sunny 
 @briakeivona i smoke they dont last
 smoked medical weed for the first time today 
 @tomvh also lockharts smokehouse. the meats arent quite on par with pecan lodge but the sides there are a game changer.
 petchat dont forget to test ur smokecarbon monoxide detectors. a deadly  silent poison without much warning 
 every time we spoke it was a wave of smoke uwslam17 poetrycoalition wecomefromeverything 
 i heard the truth can hurt you so i blow my smoke at the truth commercial.  budden
 and hes having a smoke... and hes also a crab 
 the last time i smoked a blunt was on my birthday
 just smoked a cheeto dare me to drive
 we getting smoked tho 
 im at legal weed in ellensburg  wa 
 is it cause i smoke too much or is that mfer white and gold 
 dammit its time to smoke
 thanks weed 
 lmaoooo wowww  rt @sinsationalli @notorioussig you know your a mangu with smoke salmon on top lmao
 wish i had more friends who were spontaneous enough to smoke a blunt late at night with me 
 at a certain age yes. i think it would be awkward to smoke with your parents at a young age 
 pastrami smoked salmon  potato pancakes  dill sour cream  pickled red beet egg curiousgoods 
 people who make beats on ableton smoke shake
 after arriving in montreal at about 3pmish i had a few priorities  smoked meat sandwich for 
 late night smokeout
 duck creek station @ intrinsic smokehouse amp btewery  
 @anoprax waaaiit  do they test for alcohol use too because i have some news for them about safe driving if not  and weeds as legal as beer
 wine amp weed 
 manitoba introduces cannabis harm prevention act   drugimpaireddriving.com 
 i need to smoke she blew my night with that one son lol
 ive had such a productive night smoked with my manager been doing all my laundry cleaned my bathroom made dinner then gonna shower
 coolest smoke sesh in my closet last night w my baby and homies 
 on thursday i smoked a bowl with some moon rock in it. i dont remember the last time i was that high. 
 sitting here  tokin reefer  listening to the mma hour with @arielhelwani. thank you for the best sports journalism on the planet.
 rollin big smoke
 if i smoked  
 am i the only one who has insomnia when have not smoked weed 
 bae was feeling extra petty this morning amptook all the weed 
 i had smoked 5 blunts this night  
 the point of waking me up at 5am when i got class to ask me did i smoke last night when u rolling up is what
 it wouldnt be easter with out family dinner and a ham on the table  we have our double smoked  
 all i want is that smoke  give me all of that smoke last week was my rough week  im still drippin down from my nose
 day two whole30 breakfast. twice stuffed omelet with fresh hickory smoked peppered pork belly 
 new prs today squat  325 and dl 400 holy smokes. what a great morning. get after it today 
 woke @ zuckers bagels amp smoked fish 
 @pdialect dig the sounds man  just checked out smoke in the cavern
 i... smoke all day all night
 lamb bacon is ready to go after 6 hours of smoke 
 msnbcs @chrislhayes recalls bringing weed to a 2000 convention he attended whis future fatherinlaw @andyshawbga 
 free smoke or the very last one 
 me and ralph smoked a fat ass wood last night
 we have 74 pounds of meat going out tomorrow and our smoker is missing
 join me today @wholefoodsnyc bryantpark location for a taste of my signature smoked salmon. 
 taco tuesday special smoked chicken taco saladpulled chicken  romaine  tomato amp southwest veggies in a crispy tortilla drizzled with kc
 @chriseatscheese @eiseleshoney @jobansfire @blackmetalbbq honey smoked
 thinly sliced hickory smoked chicken breast amp the finest italian swiss .. melted inbetween two thick slices of hon 
 all of the test subjects drank a case of guinness amp smoked 2 packs of pall malls every day. 
 i smoked a half g of live resin last night before bed and i have never woken up so refreshed
 white girl with a bindi just smoked 2 cigarettes back to back
 i drank a whole weed lemonade last night for my cold then got kalguksu spicy noodles and almost passed out in the restaurant from overstim
 using smoked paprika is 
 son smoked  do not disturb 
 all he do is smoke  amp give you meat .. bitch you dating a bbq pit 
 the low battery chirp of a smoke detector is the sound of my rout deliverin
 thanks for the mention @libn  north hempstead womens golf association donating 18 000 to family and childrens 
 a woman that smokes wit you understands that those late night food dates are the backbone of yall relationship
 marinated  smoked  breaded  deep fried pork steak  open face tx toast  brisket gravy  bourbon caramelized onions  g 
 todays lunch special  bbq chicken sandwich pecan smoked bbq chicken | house bacon | red onion 
 day 2 of ancillary meetings before ncoth looking forward to all there is to learn about tobacco and smokefree hous 
 good weed  white wine 
 father son holy smoke by smino np on soundcloud 
 next level team meeting breakfast  our it team rocks smoked pork  homemade salsa  breakfast burritos  oatmeal bar 
 ofarrell farm omelette today for irish month with @carrigalinecais smoked cheese  cherrywood bacon  caramelized onions  baby arugula.
 father son holy smoke
 todays salad romaine  kale slaw blend  roasted cauliflower  steamed green beans  grape tomatoes  cucumber  hemp hearts  dried chick peas.
 all new certifiedangusbeef rib eye sandwich with smoked gouda  red water cress  crispy onions  
 great day to just chill on the porch   listen to music and smoke
 i was sold when pumps put the glove on to smoke a cigarette.  why i never thought of that... sweethomeoklahoma
 last nite i smoked for the first time in months  i dont even remember going to sleep
 scrumptious smoked salmon special @basinburger special today 
 ive been rewatching @davechappelle since 3am this morning. ok really i got up smoked saw it streaming passed bk out. got up smoked ampwatched
 @thevagitarian   so true. people should have the right to choose their own medications too  cannabis included.
 when i have to write about myself and why i choose to smoke weed 
 carusosspecial smoked brisket  bbq sauce  bacon and cheddar on a toasted french bread. todays 
 mini corn bread muffins with smoked jalapeo peppers and fresh mozzarella center for a buffet 
 father son holy smoke dat loud pack
 if there were a schedule vi class  marijuana would fall under that  this govt. man bho had 8yr ampstill didnt do i 
 hickory smoked tofurkey is better than actual turkey dont @ me
 squad wants to smoke a gold blunt so guddy will give squad a gold blunt getyouaguddy
 healthy death by marijuana effects   healthy death by alcohol effects which one the best choice that creates the mo 
 @randomhigh5s listed to about a 13 of it today. i lost interest. but we should free smoke.
 late lunch. @ lucilles smokehouse barbque in valencia  ca 
 last night i smoked w 2 coworkers  them niggas was some real life cholos 
 and im falling asleep  and shes calling a cab and hes having a smoke  and hes also a crab 
 smoked pork poutine smokehousetavern smokehouse.provisions cheesecurds gravy smokedpork 
 @explosiveprofit almost every cannabis consumer since forever has therefore been part of your made up black market culture. so what
 today is such a beautiful day to smoke and sip on some beers tbh 
 the sampler player at voyagers smokehouse at seaworldorlando . a bounty of smoked meat. 
 finally smoked some khalifa kush last night 
 and you smell like smoked gouda cheese dont see me complaining 
 hickory smoked bbq 
 @leahbeth this may be why you are driving in smoke. 
 wicked weed hop burglar ipa bottles now available.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 marino pack vlone pack bagz pack its all smoke 
 @keybankctr @buffalosabres i hope we atleast fixed the logos so they smoke and work again while you had them down yesterday.
 bacon and weed
 i got happy on the way home heard a radio commercial about marijuana dui its happening  legalizevegas2017
 warm evenings like this make us think of bbq. have you ever had smoked lamb swing by our truck any time for our soon to be new itemyum
 for my house warming bring weed not gifts
 home made smoked pork belly. the best thing to eat here. hunan @ wonderful 
 ive smoked a lot of weed as a teenager behind this statue. all it represents to me is good times with my bitches. 
 perfect weather for some red fish tacos pickled onion  pineapple salsa  smoked chipotle lime 
 @stephjn53 reefer all.
 sandwichoftheday grilled portobello mushroom  roasted red peppers  smoked onions  tomato  arugula  goat cheese  basil aioli  pretzel roll
 made it back  cannot wait.. @ lockhart smokehouse in dallas  tx 
 trying it out for 1st time since they opened. bbq @ rdq smokehouse in west des moines  ia  
 white bread with some smoked turkey  sliced cheese  some romaine lettuce  and mayo sounds sooooo yummy right now 
 1st time pretty good bbq @ rdq smokehouse in west des moines  ia w @thefasttrackfan  
 pecan and hickory smoked bacon. well worth the 2.5 hour wait. @weberacademy weberacademy 
 nightly routine eat  workout  shower  make some hot tea and then smoke a j...getting fit my way lol
 wild smoked salmon   wine with two wild yogini @ astoria 
 bought more weed cookies 
 since i cant smoke   i eat a bunch of hot fries 
 @cybycmu @grisuy its more just like  yes  there are dressedup ice cream parlors  but a shoebox 1br is 35004000  and everyone smokes.
 today is my last day smoking weed for a while hopefully
 almost just burnt the entire house down for the 2nd time good thing our smoke detectors are broken 
 @ryanwolf49 millwood smokehouse put me out
 first time rolling smoke on a homemade pastrami on the biggreenegg with a homemade rub. i will 
 i love smoked salmon
 first time rolling smoke on a homemade pastrami on the biggreenegg with a homemade rub. i will 
 smoked weed once 
 21 mars 2017  day195 i went to a restaurant  schwartzs. its the most famous as smoked meat 
 great 360d vidshows how fast a fire developsdid you check your smoke alarms with the clock change @ottawafirepio 
 i smoke alotta weed
 this game has been a banner night for nhl officiating. holy smokes
 wanting to smoke a blunt but its too cold n my car is in surgery.
 why do the persistent low battery beeps on a smoke detector always start when you are trying to sleep its like they know. obama
    the end of the high times with  the legalized  marijuana  the nets  and darkness of weed  are von the end of days
 @souflowerremix it wont be acid but i am looking forward to the blunt imma smoke before the conxert 
 beingmaryjane  i smoke me. 
 white fish rillette is a must for those of you who enjoy smoked fish.  super tasty appetizer 
 i appreciate anyone who chooses to wear the rath of being a smoker heatersinthedugout 
 if theres anything i love more than texas weed  its texas country music
 eating hot pockets gets me excited to smoke
 nights like this i wish i smoked
 the diamonds gleam from my mouth when the smoke blockin me
 egg custard  smoked sabayon  and caviar from single thread @stfarms @kyleconnaughton @ 
 nonalcoholic play on pisco sour with tumeric drinking vinegar and smoked egg white @stfarms 
 today was the last time i can smoke for a year fam
 first time i bought some weed i was sold
 theres sugar in your sweet potatoes and greens too. theres hot sauce in your greens and the meat is fatback or smoked turkey necks.
 ive been on edge the past few days  havent smoked a cigarette in 2 weeks now so thats a plus and a huge stepping stone for me.
 @bryanfadriquela update i made it 24 hours and smoked right at 1200 am
 late night smoke
 this is smoked out
 @marisssaaas i was sad because you smoked with out me  thats about the only thing that gets me in my feelings these days
 now i remember why i smoke before bed 
 lit day with da homie btl86 beautiful hemp blunt smoke da herb all day every day tgod 
 hangover poutine scrambled eggs  bacon  maple syrup  fries and cheese curds amazing @ smokes poutinerie 
 had to have smoked like 8 grams in the past 36 hours  woke up lungs feeling like my alveoli clumped together
 thanks to anthony dibernardo for this mornings breakfast... smoked jowl bacon and smoked beef sausage.. 
 its never too early or late for weed
 obaminations allowing all the security agencies was done 2 setup a smoke screen 4 all of the leaks that would ens 
 just smoked a jay and feeling good af rn  morelife dougsangels thedangerdoc turutorresmusic greengang doorsbydoug yungwilliamtv
 no smoke detector @ red lion inn and suites brooklyn  new york 
 no smoke detector room 115 @ red lion inn and suites brooklyn  new york 
 happy mfn humpday quick smoke and breakfast before work @ waffle house 
 @plainricedinner many arent  we have the best smoked fish in my hometown in wisconsin.
 day three whole30 breakfast scrambled eggs with chipped hickory smoked pork belly  cantaloup  
 just found out the drink i was using to weed myself off of caffeine has more caffeine than iced coffee... good
 7.5lbs of bacon later and no smoke detectors going off... restday breakfast is a success. pedalpowcamp breakfastofchampions 
 im at randys smokehouse amp bbq in new boston  tx 
 help. my smoke alarm is beeping bc low battery and i am unable to twist it off to change it
 last night i came over 2 alberts 2do hw amp smoke.  didnt write my paper.  fell asleep while he was rolling backwood 7 am and writing lmao
 starting the nctoh stay tuned for informational tweets on tobacco control and smokefree housing. 
 i gotta be at the airport at 430am tomorrow you better believe ima make time to smoke weed before
 thought i smoked all i had last night until i looked in my wristlet 
 95 of long term smokers start before age 21 tobacco21 2017nctoh
  shutup just smoked some of that black like a blunt  
 luck beef a lady tonight  all beef single patty  smoked corned beef  swiss  sauerkraut  lettuce  tomato  1000 isla 
 full house in the first of many smokefree housing related sessions. 2017nctoh 
 preview of nycsmokefree @gfj22s poster on partnering with supportive housing sector for smokefree housing to b 
 tacos amp weed saved my body last night
 i was txting ian and it changed them to hemp 
 .@daiyafoods smoked gooooooda
 i probably smoked a half ounce last night...
 father son holy smoke is my favorite song.
 @citynews today for breakfast i had hemp70 shake.
 last night we smoked 3 grams of wax that had 85 thc . it was lit 
 gudda gudda smoked wayne on  gunwalk
 i got the last bag of sweet maple bacon jerky and found hickory smoked flavor also.   @shckr @nbuholtz @siyanu83 
 yummmm @ big als smokehouse bbq in dallas  tx 
 my fear of heights compelled me to google this photograph i saw at smokeys  just stunning. 
 thought id reshare these smoked scotch eggs i did a while ago. these are venison but you could 
 todays sandwich special is our version of a club sandwich using our in house smoked turkey.  pair it with a select 
 holy smokes this tweet is clever 
 madison of victory hemp foods will be making hemp smoothies all week for our yoga students at taste of yoga. 
 last night i smoked a l today the get back
 homemade hickory smoked beef and pork bologna  pimento cheese  bbq mustard  fritos and pickles 
 sandwhichoftheday smoked turkey breast  avocado  tomato  smoked mozzarella  bacon  arugula  aioli on a pretzel roll
 @pulse1077 that they smoke ... or their age.
 so good i had to do it again sauted eggplant and cajun smoked sausageswampgirlsgonecrazy 
 chicken schnitzel with a sunny egg  smoked cracklins  pickled jalapeos . there might not be 
 chicken schnitzel with a sunny egg  smoked cracklins  pickled jalapeos . there might not be 
 being on my period makes me smoke more 
 the father the son the holy smoke that cool my mind
 tomorrow is the final night of the burnt sugar smokehouse at @cmoneverybodybk we are excited to 
 @damnhotfitspo fitnessvegan thanks 4 friending me havent been to a gym in yrs  smoke a pack a day  love meat amp think vegans r portentous
 @cloudn9nesyrup almost bought some cbd gummies yesterday while at the smoke shop. what are some pros of cbd
 its a beautiful day to smoke a fatass blunt amp chug down a 40 in the aco
 @marcyjmiller once neighbour house  weekend house  smoke detector beeps  i could hear in my house.all.night. i broke in to change thebattery
 @keitholbermann @devinnunes just another smokescreen from the trump and his administration we have had it get out of our white house
 @cnn sp @devinnunes has nothing just smoke to blow up the us and fake it for tantrump
 this weeks sandwich special is a smoked turkey club with lettuce  tomato  bacon  an avocado spread  jalapeno mayo 
 thanks @meathead amp  for awarding our new charcoal smoker cabinet their best value gold medal 
 its super wednesday and we have got a delicious tap list we also have a smoked turkey club sandwich on special amp 
 paiva weed  t is mixed feelings that i come before you today....i have a new posn that will necessitate me leaving 
 when you think youre baking something simple but then it turns into a two hour mission to scrub and scrape the oven because smoke alarm 
 all i want is some weed and hot wings
 @stevebenen smokescreen muddy the waters red herring etc.
 sauted clams with mezcal tequila and smoked tomato adobe its on our tapas menu tonight  so 
 lukas podolski  in his final german cap  just smoked a careercrowning goal. quite a moment. joe hart was helpless. gereng
 i need a smoke alarm that can sense the difference between arson and grilled cheese
 my nigga breezy  remember i showed all my dawgs dont get smoked 
 today i smoked with my brother for the first time ever
 @sfenlonabc6 live at the state house on @abc6 discussing paiva weed stepping down as senate president 
 there are only 35 spots available for this cannabisinfused brunch at a secret location in losangeles   more info 
 @nukingpolitics @missicopcp @rasberrysection @khaledbeydoun and it is up to white america to weed out our crazed lunatics. we are failing.
 governor @ginaraimondos statement on senate president paiva weed stepping down  leaving ga to head hospital assn o 
 our camp lady was like 65  white and smoked jacks
 rolll that weed nigga shake that ass hoe
 foodiefieldtrip to pacifica  smoked salmon crostini with coconut cream cheese | subscribe 
 @via313pizza pizza special  the katie pie with cold smoked ham  the 
 @travalex01 at dinner tonight we love the smoke pit stuffed 
 me anyone have wee  sbu finest weed wednesdaysmoke shows  no stopping this party dmus cancn 2017
 lamb  smoked corn and potato chowder bistro1860 freshfood @ bistro 1860 
 family night dinner @ smoke rise country club in smokerise  ga 
 @survivorcbs  coffeeisforclosers...culpepper smoked them
 got smoked by sarge today  mission 22 all over again. 
 pizza garlic white sauce  carmalized red onions  spinach  smoked salmon  6 italian cheese blend. 
 @davechappelle best smoked meats available after the show @conservatoryhtx . were right down the street. 
 bruh wtf i have not smoked today this i shit
 i smoked weed out of a strawberry last week 
 this will change your life. smoked mozzarella ravioli.  pasta 
 tgmdr  10 hour smoked ribs  house made bbq sauce  jalapeo corn bread  horseradish mash  
 fuck was i thinking last night when i decided to smoke the rest of my bud for the week.
 night 1 smoke some night 2 drink some night 3 pop some 
 what jams should i listen to while i smoke this shweed
 i never felt more alive and sure about life then when i was up on adderall late study nights scavenging for crumbs of weed with my suitmates
 wonderful lunch at the pickles gap restaurant.  love thier bbq smoked chicken. evan had to have 
 wine amp weed typa night 
 she smoked all of it 
 i wish lex stayed round the corner so i could smoke her ass out every night 
 24 hours later someone is finally changing the batteries in my rooms smoke detector 
 the boyf smoked pork and ham all day at work and he smells delicious and now im hungry again 
 she had the smoked green chili  house woodsmoked patty made with hatch green chilis  white 
 @thehurricaneinc @barrelhousebeer  i wish i was there.  smoked tritip and awesome craft beer.  oh my
 uncle arturo stop smoking the family is here dad oh im sorry i only smoked a little bit 
 but babe dont smoke nomore 
 @altonbrown have you examined the science of cooking with cannabis yet a new special ingredient to replace srirach 
 smoked salmon avocado toast. this is the house smoked salmon with pickled beets  upland cress 
 title to my biography  gay blue fox smokes weed. also headline for when i get arrested one day
 @tyroneclark smoked chicken counts
 btw  i smoked a pack of american spirits last night  amp tried to run today...yeah...uh...not sure how anyone enjoys smoking
 @lucki6below weedmaps
 normally i smoke every night before bed  but i was testing out not doing it yesterday and today amp ive had 3 hours of sleep total 
 8am 2ma damn near smoked
 i shoulda rolled a backwood to smoke tonight  my route is love
 @ibegrannyof3 the thing is none of it really matters we are running the last lap rite now all of this is a smokescreen over the truth
 one more 4am false alarm amp im ripping all these smoke detectors off the ceiling fuckinga
 one more 4am false alarm amp im ripping all these smoke detectors off the ceiling this house is an electrical nightmare
 @dyno403 yee yee im tryna have all your shirts watch  lol slide thru around 4 or 5  well smoke a bleezy
 eyes damn near closed but im wide rollin blunts of da heater cord i neva smoke shake. dbe 
 never thought id want to go to a warped tour  but @hatebreed @iprevailband @attilaga @emmuremusic  @theacaciastrain holy smokes
 chance smoked last night and said he woke up still high  dont think he will leave colorado
 packed now its time to smoke some pack .
 blunt fresh out of surgery... im going to smoke today day m16roundz 
 how delicious does this look the smoked pouletrouge chicken caesar salad from city club raleigh 
 weed.to is growing shit like its a weed  good thing  last q  they were sold out at times. 
 thank krishna for zoloft and marijuana
 @mlbnetwork jim leyland smokes a pack of reds a day and drinks 10 cups of coffee....a true american 
 me the first and last time i tried weed lol 
 whats the best part of fried chicken.. . fried chicken skin garnish going into our smoked 
 so blunt you can smoke my truth
 stock up on smoked ribs  pork  beef brisket  wings  mac amp cheese  broccoli salad and so so so much more for 
 i dreamt i smoked a fatass blunt last night
 opium that terrible truth serum. dark secrets guarded for a lifetime can be divulged with carefree folly after a sip of the black smoke.
 montreal smoked meat  this weekend at our deli  limited time once a year run on this very 
 my thanks to sonoma cannabis co. for their kind hospitality in malibu last weekend during our photo shoot. 
 a pile of slow smoked ribs and an icy cold beer... yup.  foodiesunite farenheit250 
 on special today broccoli soup and inhouse smoked pork schnitzel sandwich with swiss  tomato  
 smoked pork fresh out of the smoker.  smokehouse.provisions pork bbq smoked vancouvereats @ 
 i just remembered @ my halloween party my smoke alarm went offamp rudy knocked it off my ceilingamp i know damn well its not getting replaced
 spoiled ass  got the weed an the cash 
 curry amp smoked salt sweet potato fries govegan vegan plantbased fries sweetpotato 
 dipping cigs in the syrup  keep dope in the mansion  while drank in the fridge amp weed in the pantry.
 @caitlinkellynyc @upstix @lesgetsnews @jlipowski @nicoletteo thinking @mileenddeli poutine amp smoked meat ht @quebecnewyork culturetrav
 lunch special today in bethesda smoked salmon | peas i cream sauce i fettuccine 
 had so much with these 2 yesterday. my shoulders are smoked but still had fun  
 sandwichoftheday smoked meatloaf  spicy bbq  cheddar  arugula  tomato bacon on a pretzel roll.
 well  smokes period
 chipotle for lunch maybe. who in tryna wan smoke
 obama smoked weed growing up amp look where that got him..  unemployed w two kids amp recently evicted  dont do drugs
 last chance to enjoy a pint of dooleys belated porter at the tap room tomorrow well be tapping into our ltdrelease smoked mrzen
 so i tried cutting my own platano for the second time... if my grandma saw this she would really smoke me 
 j.b.s smokehouse is the place to be
 someone getting smoked  
 @drewmoney96 @hunteraltman got a feeling this is me when we smoke 
 congratulations to lacey turner  she won a 25 hempies gift card  winningwednesday   
 my dad will make me chain smoke this pack today
 @curtcurtsayit2x free smoke ties 
 smoker arrived at the cafe today whos excited for smoked brisket chameleoncafemn bbq 
 my shopping problem is out of control. i dont even smoke but i just saw this really cool looking cigar and almost bought it.
 bought babe some weed today and he aint even know it
 ive now smoked all the vitolas of the pistoff kristoff. all are great but tonights churchill 
 ive now smoked all the vitolas of the pistoff kristoff. all are great but tonights churchill 
 ahhh... just popped some smoked sausage in the oven... think ill have smoked sausage sammies amp 
 @freeguccimane96 first time i ever bought weed i got it in one of those plastic easter eggs because it was right after easter lol
 we left the show twice last night to go to my house and smoke lol
 we are in the vip section at toptaco brown sugar glazed smoked pulledpork taco topped with jalapeo horseradish 
 texas duo  smoked pork belly  smoked brisket pierogi    cbuspierogi ediblecolumbus 
 fire roasting some asparagus for our smoked steelhead and asparagus appetizer @ sweeneys 
 me the first time i smoked 
 saggin my dickies  smoke like a hippy
 drove home from work with @barkandthebite barbecue in my car. its like ive been hotboxing smoked meat for 40 minutes. promising.
 finished yesterdays mural at jts smokehouse opening soon in league city  tx before horns 
 @gordonramsay fresh cabbage from garden with smoked sausage and cherry tomatoes
 @gordonramsay @gordonramsay fresh cabbage from garden with smoked sausage and cherry tomatoes 
 finished yesterdays mural at jts smokehouse opening soon in league city  tx before horns 
 closeup finished yesterdays mural at jts smokehouse opening soon in league city  tx before 
 @blessyouboys84 no bacon  just smoked malts and smoked salts
 i made it  bbq nachos @ sugarfire smoke house in valley park  mo  
 is there bacon on that burger you bet  smoked this week in our custom bbq the flying pig localfoodskills 
 @oldtimer1968 we would have long ago figured out how to weed out terrorist roaches.
 just saw my life flash before my eyes. chef matts smoked lamb breast mcrib with house made 
 concept an easter egg hunt but instead of candy  weed
 went to buschs in canton today rangoli indian chicken cuisine  hardwood smoked turkey  smoked 
 ryan dead ass just pulled up to my house with some wendys and weed for me .. hes the greatest 
 @leightristan change the batteries in your smoke alarm
 home made cauliflower rice  asparagus  spinach  lettuce  mushrooms  onions   tempeh  hemp seed. 
 this guy is smoked out hazeout 
 having dinner with my sexy date @ sonny bryans smokehouse in dallas  tx 
 how rt @bfdwill tried cutting my own platano for the second time...if my grandma saw this she would really smoke me 
 got drug tested today and passed  knowing i smoked all week  how god let that shit fly   blessed 
 the place you can pair a beer with a chain sandwich or fancy smoked meat sticks. @ koelschip in indianapolis  in 
 just smoked a spliff on the street corner justdenverthings
 @illestswrv @lilbodyjass we can smoke smoke this 
 i need me a hundred mill so i could be able put my feet up and smoke reeffa 
 at the hale theatre co. production of the plaza suite. makes me excited about our upcoming auditions for smokey joe 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in brea  ca 
 im at smokengas in wa 
 another sunflower set with citrines and a cool checkerboard smokey quartz. paulmichaeldesign 
 house smoked maple old fashioned  this is my kind of drink @ southern hospitality bbq 
 blacked out at 9 last night amp apparently smoked a j on the baseball field
 more pastabyhand this weekcavatelli asparagus housemade smoked bacon cremefraiche garden 
  @stonerroyalty smoked some monster cookies amp im feeling it  
 granted  i have not heard first hand but rumors abound  and where theres smoke... plus its undeniable he covered 
 the best bite of smoked salmon. upstateeats syracuseeats cny cnyeats syracusefood 
 @mmaxwelljr i wouldnt be shocked if hes moved before od  seems more smoke is coming out as of late. love so much theyre all in rebuild
 i know white privilege exists because white college students will smoke werd in the parking lot next to the police station
 and when im on that smoke im going supper ham
 just smoked the best weed ever 
 just smoked a j with grabba and ate jerk wings from the jamaican joint in my hot tub.
 gpa gordys gotta come smoke our house off.. kyries been having nightnates every night crying .. saying some scary things .. every night. 
 gpa gordys gotta come smoke our house off.. kyries been having nightmares every night crying .. saying some scary things .. every night. 
 miller smoked his timeouts againnnnn
 the person who owned my car before me smoked like 80 packs a day so catch me rummaging through all the trash under 
 i cried all day about not having no weed...well now i do amp this blunt has been rolled for 15min..yet im here  pothead
 @aurabogado when i was a kid  comfort food was brisket smoked 810 hours. others thought white people shouldnt eat bbq. their loss 
 cant even think about when the last time i ever smoked some weed 
 last few loads drying then im high tailing ass home so i can smoke and study for my exam
 i smoke to replace sex  in my life 
 2nd time in a row i got smoked out in a strip club down south. southernhospitality birthdaymonth
 montreal seasoned bbq steak .... @ renes smokehouse 
 montreal seasoned bbq steak .... @ renes smokehouse 
 good weed  white wine
 almost smoked a trash pander on the way home
 psa  using thoughts and behaviors both proven to help quit smoking  disliking tobacco industry works longterm  family doesnt smoke is 
 the ijustgotoffworkandits3ambutigottaprepforworktomorrow starter pack smoked cheddar and an 
 the ijustgotoffworkandits330ambutineedtoprepforbeertalktomorrow starter pack smoked cheddar amp 
 you tell a drake fan kendrick will smoke him they say well he smoked meek. great comparison
 tonight was the first time ive smoked in a hot second 
 hangover from weed i got wrecked to the face last night 
 lookin for weed this late lt
 angleton raid nets 12 ounces of marijuana 
 32417 630am  that time i left my building in a sports bra and track pants due to someones faulty smoke detector 
 vanderburgh last night isp arrested a 25 yo eville woman for poss of meth amp marijuana. stopped on us41 for expired plates.
 what is a working fire  as i watched crews last night invst smoke in bldg last night. can legit call it a job if we dont need a hose
 recommended start to your weekend avocado smash with smoked scottish salmon 
 last night someone ask me if id choose weed over people.  yes.
 nctoh fri at 9am  room 14  nycsmokefree @patrickkwan will share our strategic communications campaign for smokef 
 bagels amp lox salad mixed greens  smoked salmon  hardboiled egg  tomato  fried capers  red onion  dill dressing  eve 
 @va1en2no @classicdamee moscows marijuana mayhem  tonight at 6
 @cky2kegan smoked then ate smashed potatoes
 its my mildly scientific conclusion that smokers amp fastfood consumers are the worst litterers. petpeeve litterbugsaretheworst
 house smoked ham is is on the easter menu. order before spring 
 i wonder who all smoked they first time with me
 turkey avocado bliss with locally smoked canadian style bacon  curried apricot mayo  mixed greens on brioche. 
 burning my first of a box of @foundationcigar charteroak.  nice morning smoke so far  @nickragua nowsmoking 
 so im told that i was so drunk last night that i smoked a cigarette.......i refuse to believe this fuckery  cant be me 
  bampc melrose bbq specials tiday smoked salmon  smoked ribs  amp nachos come see us @ 2617 franklin pike 
 last night i coulda sworn i smoked a whole jar
 who you callin shrimp smoked and grilled shrimp  bacon  lettuce  tomato  avocado  chipotle ranch on texas toast 
 besides the texas trinity  what other smoked meats are you guys ordering
 we have southern cuban on special today  ham  pulled pork  pickles  smoked cheddar amp mustard 
 todays special from the kitchen smoked portobella grilled cheese w cheddar  spinach parsley 
 museum art food jennifer and i shared this amazing smoked salmon salad salad salmon 
 friyay fried chicken blt fried chicken tenders  applewood smoked bacon  red leaf 
 hey @justint rudeaui. as mp you smoked weed. you are legalizing it.  why the fxck are people being arrested for doing what you did
 only preppy privilege white ppl call weed pot
 time for some funk. @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 teacher people live to 100 and they smoked every day of their cotton picking lifes. me cotton picking lives teacher you get me.
 are we do here is smoke and get high. i love this life i chose and wouldnt change it  yeah im that guy
 today.. fried buttermilk chicken club on tuscan with smoked bacon   monterey  poblano pepper sauce  caramelized onion  avocado amp greens
 danny and i woke up this morning  smoked  and now were at the animal shelter looking at puppies 
 carusosspecial smoked salmon on marble rye with hard boiled egg  lettuce  tomato  onion and 
 lowers ray ban clubmasters... now that is a nice barstool sports smoke show
 will take it out in the morning and put on the smoker and make pastrami. 23 @chefsteps @meathead @thegoodones 
 if its lunch in  it must be poutine at smokes 
 my friend  pat  loves cooking projects. she recently bought a smoker and smoked her own cheese 
 my friend  pat  loves cooking projects. she recently bought a smoker and smoked her own cheese 
 an actual box. just get a big fucking box and smoke the hell out of it 
 fridays @ green street smoked meats 
 firstyear student at ventura college is interested in brand  marketing for marijuana. 
 lavender lattes  smoked salmon  liege belgian waffles with white chocolate pistachio sauce @cafemedina  heaven 
 we smoked 3 blunts last night it was supposed to be 4 but i was to faded so i didnt spark mine and nobody noticed 
 meat spotties bbq smoked bologna and cheese with coke slaw @ spot 
 live tonight  @ intrinsic smokehouse amp 
 bacon.  big  sexy slabs of cured and smoked pork belly.  bacon honestomnivore 
 wicked weed hop burglar ipa on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 i smoked before class and had one of the most productive days of my life 
 wicked weed lieutenant dank on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 last nights eyeliner or todays smokey eye
 bbq smokin 2 miles high  wildwood smokehouse  10 981 ft elevation @vailmtn vail vailsnow @hobokenskiclub 
 bbq smokin 2 miles high  wildwood smokehouse  10 981 ft elevation @vailmtn vail vailsnow @hobokenskiclub 
 bbq smokin 2 miles high  wildwood smokehouse  10 981 ft elevation @vailmtn vail vailsnow @hobokenskiclub 
 bbq smokin 2 miles high  wildwood smokehouse  10 981 ft elevation @vailmtn vail vailsnow @hobokenskiclub 
 traffic jam now its time to smoke crack the window
 but i folded and smoked yesterday so i guess that means fuck it lessssss goooooo right
 @cannatours420 is proud to be apart of the grass roots craft cannabis cup dispensary tour amp expo 
 kelly was working on a flank steak  smoked turkey  bacon amp ham sub when i came in for a warmup break. cant wait t 
 wicked weed medora on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer nocoorslight intheberkshires beermenus
 the staff dug in before we could get a picture  but the smoked chicken with pickles  @potatorolls   potato salad  and al white was dreamy
 head to @hooters for the ultimate game watching experience and try their scrumptious new smoked wings. sp 
 uve veen laying in my bed all day. smoked 2 blunts..havent moved 
 wicked weed pernicious ipa on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer nocoorslight intheberkshires beermenus
 @cannatours420 is proud to be apart of the grass roots craft cannabis cup dispensary tour amp expo 
 the last thing i did before leaving work today is test out a montreal smoked meat sandwich so yeah you could say i like my job...
 @trentperry8 smoked it all
 when was the last time yall saw me not smoke i should stop this shit
 macaroni amp cheese with smoked trout  spring peas amp shoots  fried brussel leaves  fennel fronds foodiefriday 
 special tonight the smoked gator pizza. chargrilled and braised gator meat  bacon  roast red 
 i save my roaches like responsible adult so when things are looking gloom i have a little bit of weed
 the last i was in sams was the last time i smoked. i went to get a backwoods and the guy behind the counter goes where have you been
 ez widers are only good if you have a bunch of weed to burn
 our latest special is a smoked salmon chowder bread bowl served with a bright house salad. pairs well with our deso 
 now that this smoke screen has been pulled back and the truth has been confirmed about healthcare  lets continue to investigate the russians
 colorado weed commercials are hilarious
 yo my neighbor straight up just pulled up on the side of me and asked if i smoked and told me he sold weed ... dead.
 can weed be sweated out in two weeks
 hot fire hot honey buttermilk fried chicken sandwich  house made milk bun w smoked bacon  
 kangaroo  with sweet and smokey bacon amp chiptle aioli sauce  sweet poatoe  amp lucky charms shake  
 an american take on german comfort food cooked by an englishman tonight  english cheddar cheese and smokey bacon s 
 friday smoke selection. nowsmoking arturo fuente lost city forbidden . cigars 
 sultry  smokey  babe @ the sparkle bar 
 happy friday i love beer bistros belgian frites  especially when dipped in their smoked 
 happy friday i love beer bistros belgian frites  especially when dipped in their smoked 
 to the judge that said she could have given me 6 months.....go fuck yourself. bought weed off a mormons son  half my teenage yrs
 salmon  smoked roe  spring onion  fresh herbs...as good a piece of fish as ive tasted. 
 ever called the weed man back because you bought a pack and noticed nothing sticks and twigs with a bottom full of shake
 after a busy ass day at work my boss bought us all smokehouse bbq
 smoked weed with legends last night.  thats how we break bread now.
 wonderful sweetness with a touch of smoke. very smooth.  drinking a beer for breakfast at @eatdantes  
 yesterday at lockhart smokehouse fresh is the word familia  aleks1859 coreythecounselor 
 i dont even know what a gigante bean is  but they had me at smoked duck. @ piedmont grocery 
 im literally running off liq. i want chicken wings and weed.
 @allynpaul the last two years i was weeds free. all of a sudden im getting this at the edge of my yard. help 
 tonight cranberry amp bacon stuffed  honey amp garlic rubbed smoked pork tenderloin on my @gmgrills @wwmblogger 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq in tustin  ca 
 i havent been able to smoke for 5 days amp my life has spiraled out of control in that time period 
 @politicalorgy thanks for the invite on air tonight discussing canabis as a way to combat opiates @valerieallenpr
 yo can i stay @ someones place for the night or weekend  a friend obvi. ill smoke you up if you about it amp we can have a good time
 severe thunderstorm warning including hempstead tx  magnolia tx  todd mission tx until 900 pm cdt 
 severe thunderstorm warning including hempstead tx  magnolia tx  todd mission tx until 900 pm cdt 
 aviso de tormenta severa incluye hempstead tx  magnolia tx  todd mission tx hasta las 900 pm cdt 
 usgs08111500  brazos rv nr hempstead  tx  heavy rain 1.6 inhr over the last 15 minutes  
 new 5 cali wine amp wisconsin cheese pairing hand sliced mozzarella   smoked gouda amp sharp 
 @hooters new smoked texas bbq flavor chicken wing is our new favorite while watching the ncaatournament. atx  sp 
 @aetv livepd was it me or did it sound like that single wide house in midland needs to change the batteries in the smoke detector  lol
 american goulash with smoked paprika and fire roasted tomatoes. cooking chef foodiefriday 
 @hooters new smoked texas bbq flavored wings are our new favorite while watching marchmadness atx austin sp tx 
 oak planked smoked lemon pepper salmon on my traeger... wow @ torres central 
 severe thunderstorm warning including huntington tx  milam tx  hemphill tx until 1015 pm cdt 
 severe thunderstorm warning including huntington tx  milam tx  hemphill tx until 1015 pm cdt 
 im at georgia boys bbq  the smokehouse in frederick  co 
 potato in he oven  meat seasoned  bout to go get something to smoke catch up on green leaf and scandal
 this larry smoke smooth
 im at green street smoked meats in chicago  il 
 so apparently this white jeep full of weed was getting chased by lapd and crashed into the neighbors house  thats why ave 63 was blocked off
 hangin with the kids in the hood @ guy fieris smokehouse 
 some of the best from dinner aroythai smoked eggplant with shrimp  egg  red onion  and cilantro 
 severe thunderstorm warning continues for huntington tx  milam tx  hemphill tx until 1015 pm cdt 
 severe thunderstorm warning continues for huntington tx  milam tx  hemphill tx until 1015 pm cdt 
 @jonathancahn how many young sodomites amp fornicators did yahweh smoke
 tornado warning including hemphill tx until 1100 pm cdt 
 tornado warning including hemphill tx until 1100 pm cdt 
 at 1015 pm  hemphill sabine co  tx law enforcement reports tstm wnd dmg shv 
 the father  the son  and the holy smoke
 i only smoked once today
 my  music week with flash  magicians on tv then wild amp reckless with blitzen trapper tonight  lauren weedman tomorrow both at pcsarmory
 last night jade smoked a cigarette in her dorm room
 gulls get smoked 51 by bakersfield.
 @realdonaldtrump when i had had state  job i got pappy to get battery for battery for zero radius mower i spent my money for weedeater parts
 almost everyday this week i came inna house wit a stench of weed and tonight nothing new smhhh
 kinda of sad  i gave a little too much weed away last night 
 why go out when you can sit at home and eat smoked salmon and cheese instead not a fan of the bar scene in my old ave
 why go out when you can sit at home and eat smoked salmon and cheese instead not a fan of the bar scene in my old age
 paleo sweet potato amp lamb  burger topped with a onion marmalade and double smoked bacon at 
 he mad because he was getting smoked 
 vuelva srrrrrrrrrr @gastonsotod @flipdiao @ green street smoked meats 
 i deadass just smoked out my grandma  what a night...
 but now its time to smoke  then a good night sleep 
 tonight is one of those  have a beer and smoke a cigarette kind of nights.
 i want a smoked sausage w nachos 
 3 a.m. smoke break.
 we use your holy smokes a lot as a bbq rub when we smoke.  it 
 getting woken up to smokegtgtgtltltlt
 ive officially decided that i cannot be an adult. a smoke alarm beeping at 4am is my limit. i cant do it. send help.
 staying cool with this smokey blonde   thestylistabroad americansalon modernsalon 
 using one of my star rewards for a double smoked bacon  cheddar and egg sandwich. @ starbucks in pittsburgh  pa 
 rain or shine we install freesmokealarms quincy smoke alarms save lives  @redcrossma @cityofquincy 
 @ezraklein @mattyglesias in light of what happened yesterday  perhaps an abbreviated weeds with more fbombs than normal
 the theme of the day is smoked meats. smokeallthethings
 @itsfoodporn @boarshead smoked gouda is my choice for grilled cheese with pickles and tomatoes
 i played free smoke by drake in a predominately country bar last night and almost got my ass beat.
 special benedict for breakfast today amp tmrw until noon. homemade hollandaise  poached eggs amp choice of smoked sa 
 nom smoked salmon deliciousness perfection brunch spring @ northside social 
 so last night we ripped out the bible and smoked a joint sorrygod
 theres pieces of weed and roaches all over my back porch
 southern fried chicken n waffles with smoked apples and fresh whipped cream. brunch till 4pm every satsun. 
 one time i smoked a blunt i found outside kangaroo gas station
 but i lost my weed somewhere in the chaos last night
 gettin silly good this saturday with specials...  chicken parm sandwich  smoked wings  beer cheese soup  and much 
 overnight dry brine made in house by @sausagefoundry. time for a kiss of smoke eatlocal 
 jumbo smoked n fried to perfection chicken wings up for grabs every saturday  jumbo chicken wings stl bbq 
 sure hope they enjoy this smoked chicken at church today. 
 soak up the sweet vapors. fresh smoked pork shoulder from its overnight slumber in the oven. 
 there are so many menthols that need to be smoked today
 con el che @xtreme3003 @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery in garland  tx 
 brunch toast   avocado   smoked mackerel  poach egg  lemon confit @ mexique 
 brunch toast   avocado   smoked mackerel  poach egg  lemon confit @ mexique 
 disco tots topped with smoked brisket brisket tatertots brunch newhaven gscia 
 wicked weed  drinking a baltic porter by @wickedweedbeer at @wickedweedbeer   
 i was supposed to go out last night. but i hadnt smoked in 5 five days and i got too high and hella weird... deadass. 
 heres a little breakfast foodporn for ya. farm eggs  fresh spinach  cheddar cheese amp smoked slab bacon keto 
 @justjasminexxx after that kind of start to the morning  i might have to reschedule for monday. no weed amp a ripped nail aint the business 
 my remychef entry smoked duck stogies wplumrmy dipping sauce. vying 4 @remymartinus cook gig wmarc forgione  
 last night i took 80 mg of weed edibles
 vegan toast special today avocado  smoked  salmon  coconut crema  scallions  dill  capers and 
 breakfast mimosas eggsbenedict @ smokey canyon bbq 
 i want some sushi and hickory smoked bacon
 some random person smoked near me and i have asthma  now i am dying 
 mixed greens w smoked turkey 
 the father the son. the holy smoke..
 when you help your short friend change the batteries in their smoke detector whatfriendsarefor 
 @presidentcheeto if pizzagate had been investigated then maybe these teenagers might not be missing where theres smoke
 @csuniv there was smoked salmon at the salad bar today and i was very pleasantly surprised
 we smoked about 20 blunts last night  im stuck.
 tampb sports site among prominent trio of santa rosa spots sold to marijuana ventures 
 tampb sports site among prominent trio of santa rosa spots sold to marijuana ventures 
 today we have a freerun fried egg amp smoked bacon on tuscan with cheddar  caramelized onion  dijon amp greens numefood
 patatas smoked pork fat potatoes with smoked garlic aioli 
 chinese noodles smoked sausage and boiled eggs. 
 i love my dawgs to death  but if i ever hit another fresh pile of poop with the weed eater again....baddawgz
 all that rain turned my backyard into a jungle. its weed pullin time. not done and green waste can almost full. 
 hickory smoked latte. for real. its amazing. @ insight brewing 
 washington smoked brooklyn last night  check out @rashad20 wizards recap  
 hungry come grab a boston smoked a heap of @bostonsmokedfsh smoked salmon topped with red 
 the iconic authentic montreal smoked meat sandwich   onlyatdunns 90thanniversary since1927 beef brisket cured 
 yea. we saw the results at the end after service. smoked us in the last few hours. geauxcajuns 
 shoutout to the people that tried to smoke us out on b street. too bad you crashed your last car.
 at least once a week i hear someones smoke detectors going off.
 @fourdayray has the best beer and smokey wings in town 
 trying out the new maggie browns smokehouse amp fried chicken the new food and ordering system 
 in celebration of smoked meats  todays lunch courtesy the legendary @katzsdeli  @ katzs 
 drinking a smoked bock by @goodwoodbrewing at @goodwoodbrewing  
 hope my first attempt at smoked chicken turns out good. well find out in a few hours. thanks to 
 holy smokes  oarty for liberty yee haw
 2nite taste a golden organic cdr perfectly foodpaired wscottish smoked salmon snax amp wine classes start next fri 
 potatoes  smoked tofu  avocado hummus  bowl full of sunshine  flowerchild eatlocal 
 we smashed a six pack  did some molly  had 7 rum and cokes and smoked a joint with this random kid. ok.
 i love the smell of weed mixed w juicy couture perfume  
 insidious destabilizing healthcare the last generation with a legal right to smoke a cigarette. thats not trumps 
 another long shot home as curzon street 20.00 battles gamely for cisco torres to nose out inavanti weeding out more black gold 5 tickets.
 lighthouse burger  smoked bacon  caramelized onion  roasted mushrooms  aged white cheddar  soft 
 wondering about dinner tonight how about a delicious ham sandwich with smoked ham on a @zingermans pretzel roll d 
 spring is here. aka weeds are here.
 more eating in chicago @ green street smoked meats 
 caturday last picture of smokey who died on 31417 @ the age of 16. rip 
 debs brewtopia honey hemp blonde on tap now.  beermenus
 you ... just ... dont ... get it  do you @ the galax smokehouse 
 with my people before i leave  its only right... @ lakewood smokehouse 
 some1 next door has had a smoke detector w a low battery for the last 3 days and im abt to burn this building2 the ground 2fix it.
 @daniellemorrill what is the top meat smoked sable trout
 that smile doe  @ green street smoked meats 
 @profgampo i just bought that cannabis syrup cuz of you hahahaha
 on my porch. smoking weed. about to pick up my sesame chicken.
 i have never sat on my porch and smoked weed until tonight.
 farm fresh smoked  blackened a1 pork chops w chicken broccoli rice foodporn yummyinmytummy 
 hot sauce canye pepper boiled eggs boiled smoked sausage  jalapeo peppers  
 @robynmfrancis @theironmiller waaah  so other than smoked meat  what do you guys want to do remember i havent explored this town at all
 @wittyusername20 smoked salmon and scallop  uni toast  trout pate  pickles and grilled bread. literally heaven
 just a small amount of barrel aged french toast from wicked weed here @chapterroomga  @wickedweedbeer
 @lordofq is a ribeye roast the same as a prime rib smoked one tonight and tasted nothing like a ribeye and all like a prime rib thanks
 @franklinbbq is a ribeye roast the same as a prime rib smoked one tonight n tasted nothing like a ribeye and all like a prime rib thanks
 traditional crust  bbq sauce  meatballs  applewood smoked bacon  pineapple and fresh mozzarella. 
 just smoked my last cigarette..
 leafs getting smoked. 11 going into the 3rd and isles played ot last night. opportunity to inch up is right there. shotoutofcannon time.
 my guy lamar patton smoked the chicken for me and my wife @chasijernigan showed out for the 
 hot fire hot honey buttermilk fried chicken  on a made milk bun w smoked bacon  whipped cream 
 its my birthday fuckers @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  long beach towne center 
 tgmv smoked baby back pork ribs  housemade bbq sauce  jalapeo bacon mac ampa cheese  salad of 
 i love our customers at flying ace. made homemade buttery potatos and smoked barbecue chicken for all of us 
 if you are into smoked beers this brewery will be in your wheelhouse.... neandertaler  photo
 those last to threes by oregon holy smokes finalfour
 repost snaptaste   pan roasted seabass rice pilaf  smoked brussel sprouts  fresh spinach  
 imma nut bruh. i would be the one to call marinara sauce  marijuana sauce. 
 wicked weed infidel porter on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 wicked weed freak of nature on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer newbeer beermenus
 i just smoked my uncle out for the first time. lul
 i drank 2 bottles n smoked half an ounce n a thai stick last night   its safe to say i was very fucked up
 have you ever smoked marijuana
 people who use red top soy sauce have more balls than cigarette smokers  
 very smokey malt stout.  drinking a black gold by @biloxibrewing @ the beer house    photo
 i smoked and slept all day  now im up and out 
 insanely delicious smoked chicken @ north phoenix 
 my wife can cook never a bad meal in 44 yrs  smoked pork shoulder taters and corn  home made coconut cream pie yum yum i can eat like a king
 tonight smoked trout roe pasta  duck confit and mandarin gelee. perfection. @theberlinkw 
 i remember when i was like in 7th grade wed jam to fumando pasto all the time but like nqv nobody even smoked
 i chain smoke on the weekends
 @rexdangerseeker @hawkeye19 sure  but if theres a chilis nearby then trillion . smokehouse combos are the truth.
 she pulled up smoked me out thats my shawty 
 and majority of my retweeting is about weed lmao
 white people smoke like they eat wings 
 @lisarinna she smoked
 what a day smoked it tonight 
 justin bought me a weed brownie and im feeling graat
 i was up smoking weed in the morning at 7 a.m me nd g we be pouring
 the busiest work week ever... is finally over. now to smoke and relax all night and enjoy my day off tomorrow.
 that free smoke jam too
 its like the batteries in the smoke detector know to die after 1am
 @rickygervais so wait  those who smoke some weed are potheads but its ok to drink a 12 pack of beer...then drive. super.
 when @richardblais is in town  we get smoked burgersonion rings and liquid nitrogen shakes. 
 just smoked my friend is sports jeopardy.
 i fought for lagalizing marijuana since my back surgery 
 great breakfast scrambled eggs with toasted butter bagels and lox smoked salmon and some 
 i smoked a backwood in the bathroom of jfk airport today  hi my name is morgan and im an addict
 so to mis amigos megan amp jonny for introducing me to ganja white night. gonna be vibing to all their music 
 is anyone down to drop me off a pack of smokes at my house 
 ginger in the smoker @ 3am for cocktailwarz @ the commodore public house amp kitchen 
 how can people be up this late it has to be the weed
 i smoked too much weed
 late night smoke  
 its 100 am and i set off the smoke alarm in my house bc my cheese in my quesadilla got on the coml
 so im tryna layup smoke n watch movies if we fucc shit it happens
 sunday funday with brunch all day at skratch. smoke salmon benedict brunching asburyparknj 
 speakeasy @ russells smokehouse 
 21 had the smoke alarm beep in wow
 if i smoked . 
 whatever kind of weed i had last night put me right on my ass
 brunching at home with the fam today. sweet potato latkes with smoked trout and herby creme 
 my weekend bliss  i like to get up early and smoke and read in the kitchen on sunday  its the quietest most peaceful place ever...
 following montral traditions smoked meat sandwich and poutine at schwartz travel travelfoodie 
 come try this smoked fish rillette special from @swiftlmike amp @manyarose on this sundayfunday 
 for when your home cooking demands a lavastone smokeless grill. 
 so grateful that hausbar greens  flowers  and even weeds are part of this amazing tea egg salad 
 @meetthepress @chucktodd meaning there was nothing. all smoke. smoke created by democrats.
 cleaned @khaliebg52s bloody legs while we smoked a cigarette together in my bathroom last night
 this douche nozzle is almost as stupid as a cigarette smoker 
 why do our smoke detectors only have battery issues in the middle of the night when everyone is asleep 3am time to make noise 
 croque madam  smoked ham  gruyere cheese   bechamel sauce topped with a fried egg  
 because i love my team  cajun cream x roasted tomatoes x bacon x smoked gouda and parmesan 
 two hours xtra slow hickory smoked.  dark side down.  4 more hours double foil wrapped to keep 
 brunch special today thickcut greenmeadowfarmpa smoked ham amp eggs  aged cheddar grits amp baby 
 to the gardener going h.a.m. with the weed whacker at 7am...
 cold blooded mary... wheatleys vodka  smoked tomato juice  old bay  huckles hot sauce  mozzarella ball  pepperoni 
 i smoked way too many cigs last night 
 sunday funday  stop by the smokehouse for 10 house ale pitchers and 70 cent wings all day. we open at noon 
 @herbsaint jews culturally appropriated smoked fish from northern europe
 we was smoked out ln  in rotation for hours lmao
 i smoked for nearly 20 yrs amp quit in couple weeks to keep a 25 n hr job. if he cant for a job that pays millions 
 all i weed glass etched jar. weed not included  15 free shipping  
 sunday smoked salmon with golden beets on egg salad. citybakerynyc brunch @ city bakery 
 sunday smoked salmon with golden beet on egg salad. sundaybrunch citybakerynyc @ city bakery 
 yup. @bonfantimike @fsurich its great. oysters always fresh. but please  if you go  get the smoked mullet. omg h 
 parking fiasco blew our chance at honey pie so checking out smoke shack for brunch. bonus donut place next door  
 epic smoked bbq platter  devilselbow celebrate platter bbq smokedbbq ribs pulledpork 
 @wtfuckyazmyn you coulda told me you was at smokeys last night whore
 fried chicken vancouvereats brunch friedchicken kfc brinedandfried @ smokehouse provisions 
 yesterday i smoked pineapple express and never been more happy 
 dope ass weekend. birthday tomorrow. definitely smoke w me
 cliche morph  white smoke 
 hangover cure. smoked chicken w bbq sauce  swiss  avo  and a toasted bun. so good 
 i literally smoked this keef last night came inside and went straight to bed hahaha
 first time i bought some weed i was sold
 well. tomorrow is hemp day at the wv capitol. im excited. ill be presenting my hemp infused cosmetic line good h 
 its sunday and im looking for this  good ass barbque place  fire ass weed  feel free to @ me if you find any or both
 brunch my fav meal...eggs benedict over smoked salmon with a side of fruit over chia seed pudding amp granola 
 kind of upset i didnt get to smoke in buick one last time
 how can you not be with the smoke then fuck routine
 i made kristina go into the gas station w a bunch of crack change to buy me smokes she so mad ahhsshsksbnd
 gah so cute smokeyyyyy 
 your mcm tweets shit like last night was a dream after smoking weed at a house party for the first time
 your mcm tweets last night was a dream after smoking weed at a house party for the first time
 your mcm tweets shit like last night was a dream after smoking weed at a house party for the first time
 deviled eggs  smoked hot link brunch vancouvereats deviledeggs smoked hotlink @ smokehouse 
 i went on a date last night and all we did was play lottery tickets  color  smoke  and play family feud. hes definitely a keeper
 i want smoked salmon
 like i legally bought weed and smoked it in a bar 
 so now that i know @chrislhayes smokes weed  respect were you stoned on @billmaher friday night  great show 
 i dont discriminate  ive smoked weed with latinos  white  black  asians  almost every race lol 
 lawd help  there are good days  and there are great days.  this smoked excellence will 
 mike white aint messing around with that monster tie knot. holy smokes.
 wish i was going fishing next week and eating delicious smoked trout 
 @dumbovibes i was a smoker for years and tried all kinds of methods. cold turkey was the only way i finally succeeded in kicking it.
 healthy beach meal. smoked chicken salad and @michelobultra . greatcombo tampabay beachbars
 pizza  a hot wing buffalo sandwich   alcohol  weed  and watching buffy the vampire slayer. is all im doing today
 the security guard at my internship smoked the fattest blunt with me last night. what a homie.
 i need some smoke turkey....
 my favorite at todays wilson iron chef peoples choice smoked gouda and gorgonzola stuffed dates with spicy james 
 im at smokers haven in manchester  nh 
 im at smokers haven in manchester  nh 
 second weekend falling asleep on smokey 
 young pappy we pop out @ night  that raccoon shit. checkin in at day light me but u could still get smoked a 
 last night 5am in a random gay guys apartment smoking weed watching lil kim videos
 momwhere are you going meto smoke momdeja de estar comiendo tanta pinga 
 smoked meats amp cold beer @ lockhart smokehouse in dallas  tx 
 remember this day like it was yesterday its was the last time i smoked a blunt with both of my boys in qs room 
 these were made to pack the weed down in blunts right 
 great read on real marijuana and the consertive republican who saw the light because of prescription pill darkness. 
 i took a stovetop smoker home from @chopaganda last night 
 the detox soup organic cabbage amp spinach with smoked turkey neck 
 sunday brunch scrambled eggs amp smoked salmon with checca sauce on rye @ south plaza  kansas city 
 this smoked salt pecan hoss caramel will be included in a box of caramels for wedding favors in 
 the last puff and then i knew i was out of weed... 
 texas bbq baby @ lockhart smokehouse 
 this is going to be an bit of a challenge @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  west covina 
 .@emmajemm and i are totally not sorry for our @amtrak picnic of smoked trout  beets and seeded rye bread.
 .@boulevardbeer is a true gem in kc. thanks to @997thepoint  amp @fnbkansas we did the smokestack tour today. 
 i lost my weed last night so im pretty bummed about that..
 i done smoked with the best of them  shot at the rest of em
 about to smoke my last two blunts
 i miss the joint liah and i smoked last night
 sweets amp meats bbq is in mt.washington serving ribs  pulled pork  pulled chicken  smoked 
 real smoked  
 sunday night smoke. kamadojoe chickenbreast @ bloomington  indiana 
 bbq chicken ... smoked just a little ... @ red oak  north carolina 
 having a full jar of weed is a great feeling
 have you ever smoked marijuana before
 @vtben good morning  friends. and a special good morning to the best friend of all  the smokeshow of the week. barstool sports a traditio
 i smoked over 4 grams last night while listening to @nipseyhussle powerlungs
 you had seven years. the law a fourdayold fish  sold as smoked salmon. 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq in las vegas  nv 
 @thinskintrump @maggienyt always look for the smokescreen in every presidential crisis.
 youve got to eat at a bbq place that uses a hand towel for napkins @virgilsbbqlv  smoked wings the best ever. and 
 just smoked somebody on horseblock
 my boys smoked the reds today @cubs 
 icecream   wings   and some weed n a night over   
 better late than never but i just changed the batteries in my smoke detectors. i promise ill do better next time 
 so we didnt play any dentists but we did get smoked
 cardboard smoked salmon
   holy smokes  bob odenkirk auditioned for michael scott. would have been great to replace carell.
 obamination definitely setup  smoke screens 2 cover his tracks cuz he changed 16 security agencies once separate 2 
 i smoked at least 7 blunts last night
 happy birthday to me @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  brea 
 i sound like an 80 year old chain smoker from all the yelling that occurred last night  but it was so worth it. finalfour
 smoky fried chicken  loaded potatoes with back and smoked paprika seasoned cantaloupe. culinarytrapping 
 im ranting excessively for a sunday night. time to smoke a j and chill the f out
 percocets  adderall  ecstasy  pussy  money  weed..faded for a week
 fun with boomerang @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  brea 
 i aint smoked in like a week 
 when i was younger i didnt think adults smoked weed
 @grownmanballin time to get serious my friend  but scheduling days off together with huge hunks of smoked meat is priceless
 tonight is the kinda night i could chain smoke a pack
 my teacher gives us the gift of her smelling like an onion that just smoked a cigarette 
 date night out at the tasting kitchen. lobster and smoked roe ribbon 
 monkey on his shoulder  is a monkey on his back. could i bum a cigarette  i done smoked my last pack.
 holy smokes. a complete stranger just pronounced my last name correctly.
 thanks for the likes  jessie taylor  @ smoke shoppe in in 
 but even when i am weedless  i keep trusting my bros for gbs. howard 452 
 all i do is smoke and watch shameless
 i knew my bestie was my soulmate when we smoked on the beach together at 11 at night
 @thevelvetdevil and i just smoked  fried  baked  amp breaded wings in the house for a new project. 
 i didnt smoke at all today amp i just did a dab amp boiiiii am i a fried egg 
 finishing off the night right with some mohawk smoke dance songs final night of the ifn youth conference  
 didnt smoke in over two weeks im geekinnnnn
 this epic weekend ended in heartbreak. i forgot to tighten a crucial nut  and may have smoked my trans. 
 food amp weed food amp weed
 you ever smoked that clover my dude
 hot bath  and marijuana 
 i really smoked like 7 blunts yesterday and 0 blunts today. idk how to just quit cold turkey  im buggin
 allergy season in oregon plus being around smokers equals death to lungs. thingsoregonianssay
 they woke me up last night briefly saying they where finna smoke a blunt im like ghee in still tryna come down fro 
 meanwhile during this time i had plenty of money and was selling lbs of weed a week.
 i love that becoming an adult in this time is just expecting all of your frieds to have weed for you
 lemme inna white house  wit a pocket full of weed inna white house
 i aint smoked in two weeks because of you.
 i dont smoke and i smoked tonight and my throat feels ruff
 me siento como una pendeja but i know its just a rough night.   sonthia weed tho.
 me siento como una pendeja but i know its just a rough night.   so this weed tho.
 wild night  need a lady that stays up late and smokes
 prototype with pretzel bun. mascarpone  whole grain german mustard granny smith apple sliced honey turkey and smoke 
 prototype with pretzel bun. mascarpone  whole grain german mustard granny smith apple sliced honey turkey and smoke 
 i dont know the answer and im not gonna google it atm  but im assuming theres an age one is allowed to smoke rec weed in co  wa  ca etc
 send the republicans to happy hour at the white house then wall them all in. smoke out the traitors with a clear pa 
 already smokin @ southern smokehouse barbque in cleveland  tn 
 yum. breakfast @thebestyhotel. the avocado toast  with smoked salmon and a poached egg. need a 
 @jimcantore i doubt this is lightning ive been struck while driving a car amp yes electronic are fried  but why smoke this is fireworks
 @easyloving if they come back from 12k down like last week...its gonna be some smoke in the j lanerys17  @lanecollege
 i need to get a interior clean today to get that weed smell out my car thanks to jamel 
 im smoked out
 the tips of my acrylics are a lil burnt from the blunt i smoked last night 
 first time i bought some weed i was sold
 lunch at zoot today 11301230.  smoked chicken  jerk sauce  caramelized onions  crema amp 
 the eggsecutioner marinated grilled chicken breast topped with smoked gouda cheese  braised 
 i smoked too much this weekend  my head is fried
 im fried in class and they talking about weed 
 @jimsciutto @mkraju @saramurray @potus  smoke and mirrors as its illegal for trump family to work in the white house 
 i know @ogjohnmadden064 gonna remember the last time we smoked together with damere 
 literally smoked my last bowl of deliciousness before my dad gets home for a week. and now about to spring clean tf out of this place. 
 its burger monday 12 price how about a bbq burger @1732meats smoked garlic insanity bacon  fried onions  ched 
 @georgetakei pot research is a way of whites not getting stiff sentences for possessing weed. sayno2drugs
 pro tip the best way to wake up on this happy monday morning is by having your smoke alarm go off at 4 am for absolutely no reason
 this how jaz smoke  
 im really out here poolside half naked eating a fruit bowl  smoked salmon amp guac drinking fresh squeezed oj.
 my mom smoked a black with me last night lmao im so dead
 now that the weather is breaking  prepare to be woken up by lawn mowers and weed wackers at 7am..
 realized why i smoke so much last night
 start the week out right... the cuban  slow roasted pork  smoked ham  house garlic dill 
 thanks for the likes  jessie taylor  @ smoke shoppe in in 
 @biggreenegg whole chicken for smoked chicken salad
 damn i dreamt so much about weed last night hahahaha
 mexican monday at black sheep tortilla soup  braised red chili chix burrito  smoked pork torta  cracklebread pizza. open til 3. takeout
 i see sharks in the water. i feen for marijuana
 hoarders is great to watch and all until you have flashbacks of aunt anitas christmas gifts and that smoke smell overcomes you  @kyrakuhn
 roasted asparagus w smoked labneh gotmelike springmenu 
 im at greaks smokehouse in alvin  tx 
 finally smoked some kk it was amazing ...
 register your bbq team today for 2nd annual lilque smokeoff june 23 
 nothing beats the smell of fresh cut grass  bbq smoke  and glove leather.
 i remember when niggas smoked an l on the school bus lmaooo 
 im at sheds smoked bbq  @shedsbbqboston in boston  ma 
 idk shes smoked  
 crumpetshopseattle   i had the wild smoked salmon wcream cheese amp 
 the last of my weed  
 more bbq. @ lockhart smokehouse in dallas  tx 
 last week tonight weed 
 the first american flag made by betsy ross was made from hemp
 dagwood day capicola  hungarian salami  smoked bacon on tuscan wcheddar  caramelized onion  pickled jalapeno  truffled mustard amp greens
 saturday night smoked chuck roast burnt ends. terrible. sunday night second attempt. perfect. one cow at a time...
 petite pimento cheese plate at @bubbadsms   with housemade buttermilk crackers  smoked pecan bacon crumbles  bubba 
 petite pimento cheese plate at @bubbadsms  with housemade buttermilk crackers  smoked pecan bacon crumbles  bubba 
 father  the son  the holy smoke
 our limpa rye bread is good with so many toppings... cream cheese  jam  smoked salmon  nut 
 my mans morgan freeman snorted weed.
 gonna smoke this blunt and eat this crab house for the first time   very excited
 lunch  quinoa  smoked sardines  steamed sweet potato and avocado with coconut oil  turmeric  
 weekend was litttt literally smoked 3oz my lungs are out for a couple hours they need a break
 i just smoked a dutch with mold on it like the one last night  @mikaylasussman
 when i smoked  i was aware. 
 apparently the texas senate is cracking down on eating in the chamber. i clearly missed the day we had a bbq smoker in here txlege
 i also smoked 20 pounds of homemade bacon maple  pepper and spicy. 
 johnoliver pretending to be high  priceless. check out last nights lastweektonight segment about marijuana 
 100 hemp  step by step  day by day . . . hemp harmonica harmonicas 
 name 3 green foods lettuce  weed  tomato
 im at texas best smokehouse in midlothian  tx 
 tonight cheese louise burger. two flat top seared patties  smoked cheddar  aged cheddar  
 @jaayyyyyyyyy with the smoke and the meat we couldve grilled it up
 for the sake of my bracket  i hope you get your smoked salmon  governor. 
 late night conversations  good food   music amp weed 
 the life of an inter supporter your captain misses a 5foot tap in and a moody midfielder sabotages the team as cl dreams go up in smoke.
 bubbas bbq smoked brisket with beans and mac and cheese 
 i wish you bitches would stop poppin it for weed amp henny... cant remember the last time ive been on a real date 
 the im a pussy that smokes cig after cig and sucks dick and kisses my mom w the same mouth  starter pack 
 @taraadactyyyl one time i smoked out of a potato
 not to be sacraligious but holy smokes  drinking a genesis 2020 by @shmaltzbrewing at @craftsmentap   
 trying out red river smokehouse for the first time tonight. there are commonwealth brewing  
 whos ready for some smokin mos grilled  then smoked  taylor ham and cheese sammiches for 
 @vegaswinner23 i smoked the last of what i had earlier today 
 im in the laboratory creating montanara fried pizza  with cardoons  smoked bacon  hot red chili sauce with mozza 
 2 for 20  championship rib dinner 12 rib dinner amp 10 smoked wings and coke collector cup 
 the first time @jalenator smoke a cigar 
 the first time @jalenator smoked a cigar 
 bbq @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 blue jays @sports net 590 pierce oh yes  smoke oh no
 kinda like a smoked porter. just a tad thinner. smoke  coffee  maple syrup al... moountie  photo
 my soul is happy  @ wicked weed brewing 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in temecula  ca 
 just made fab rawood salad w spinach  kale  tomato  red onion  celery  cucumber amp hemp seed protein w my secret dressing randirobicsraw  
 to make this salad  we smoke and then roast veggies  drizzle with balsamic vinaigrette and serve alongside burrata 
  smoked gouda was a good choice
 @smokeschnauzer thanks smoke
 @lucillesbbq baby back ribs  fries  and sweet potato fries @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  
 @lucillesbbq smores pudding @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  temecula 
 gracias madre and weed my type of monday lol
 brunch and weed the best way to spend monday @nachonuthin
 he smoked it 
 somebody needs to change the batteries on the smoke detector in the library
 devouring a smoked turkey leg while waiting in line. disneyland @ its a small world 
 ive smoked myself into a potato
 @zfischer28 @buffalosabres so  we got smoked by colorado too. whats your point
 change the batteries in your smoke alarms. protip
 a little bit of smoke  coffee  dark fruit. delicious... witch king imperial stout  photo
 elvis has smoked 3 balls tonight. continuing from his overlooked great season last year.
 the weed we had last night was called david banner
 i smoked von head off today   nigca had facetimed me and said he gotta fight the nigca that sold me it  @vonhavin
 wow smoke did amazing today and i cant wait for this weekend and im so excited 
 i smoked weed with your honor student
 the pecan lodge smokers @ pecan lodge catering 
 thanks @yultron for the weed and greet lit qss night 
 marlowstaverns rustic grilled cheese havarti  swiss  classic mornay  applewood smoked bacon 
 blackened shrimp with cauliflower grits seasoned w hot sauce  smoked salt  and fresh chives  
 thst time @alishann tried to smoke a french fry 
 drinking hot lemon and honey to sooth my throat so i dont sound like a 60 yr old smoker 
 hickory smoked salmon w spiced iceberg caesar in a pita pocket  food salmon protein 
 this is next level smoke screening 
 @mkoegle @andyfinn129 @thecheb that ball was smoked. hold my protein shake.
 @drewmikepodcast it must be nice no job   watching sports all nite and smoking weed all nite and complaining about the game  lol
 finally got a smoke detector in the house
 i smoke 247 nun stop 
 weve smelt weed atleast 10 separate times.
 coughing sm you might think i smoke a pack a day 
 you must be cool if you smoke a pack of cigs a day 
 these giant smoked turkey legs are addictive good til the last bite  
 i think the only decent moment ive had with him was when i was xanned out amp smoked with him. and that was like in 2015 l o l.
 felt like drake last night. thought i was gonna od off the weed
 you cant leave dallas without enjoying some bbq  so last night i ate all the meat at lockhart smokehouse in the b 
 i get excited over weed
 just smoked a good blunt now its time to train my client.
 @bartees last weeks ep of voxs the weeds podcast.
 i think somebody got their boots smoked over here last night....
 @947qdr @qdrsean @aviatorbrew @cltmotorspdwy really excited to hang at the legendary @aviatorbrew smokehouse with 
 @goddesskimyoung ridiculously hot smoker 
 the memories. remind me to never get smoked salmon pizza ever again..  
 got to have schwartz smoked meat sandwich when in montreal.  bought some for the road trip back to the6ix. 
 jeff blair sports net 590 the fan how is it ever possible to feel comfortable watching smoke strike out time after time
 roses are red  violets are blue   im having a turkey burger w american cheese  apple smoked bacon and a fried egg...  and so should you
 prime rib. smoked to perfection want great food at your next event call us now for your free 
 our taco trio is made with chefs daily smoked meat and packed with flavoronly 9 on tacotuesday  properdtsp 
 love a loaded smoker @shedsbbqboston we werent messing around last night. bbq meat 
 grey sail leaning chimney smoked porter on tap now.  @greysail beermenus
 how much smoked salmon is too much smoked salmon asking for a friend... 
 the sound of a smoke detector dying from the next apartment over will be my death knell. its been two days.
 called my mom saturday night at like 1am to ask if shes ever smoked weed so
 slowly smoked and crispy fried chicken wings tastytuesday rustysbluemountain chickenwings smoked crispy 
 roasted turkey  applewood smoked bacon  gouda cheese and pickles we call it the flying pig tomaandchee 
 @dross3 on @dancingabc last night was pretty entertaining. it was pretty impressive... and lindsay is a complete smokeshow  gorossygo
 added the house made bacon to the smoked pork belly sandwich @one90smokedmeat. wow. @ one90 
 moroccan braised chicken  lentils amp smoked paprika. soul warming 1 pan midweek magic. recipe at 
 moroccan braised chicken  lentils amp smoked paprika. soul warming 1 pan midweek magic. recipe at 
 whoever designed this house put a smoke detector right above the oven so literally anytime i cook it goes off
 soups of the day pioneer square   green lentil dal  potato amp kale with smoked gouda capitol hill   carrot with green curry
 wicked weed pernicious ipa on tap now.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 dammit. nick smoked that but melky somehow catches it.
 i used to smoke a pack a day maybe even more  now one pack will last me 23 days
 this guy in my class tried to race me in his honda civic going back home  i smoked him in my 2 door honda accord 
 and last time i smoked gas i almost crashed my whip. yeah last time i took drugs  i just took half of it.
 texas and kansas bbq went neck and neck for a little while but ultimately the texas smoked dry rub style took secon 
 happy tuesday we are open 10am to 6pm. tonight guided meditation 630 free  tomorrow smoke 
 thanks for the likes  jessie taylor  @ smoke shoppe in in 
 @brookebcnn yourcnn smoke detector only works against djt.  malfunctioned for 8yrs amp continues when detecting smoke around bho admin
 ive had cotten mouth all day and havent even smoked
  @ slap ya mommas smokehouse amp bbq 
 the last time i smoked  a podcast on itunes and soundcloud @ los angeles  california 
 havent smoked weed in over a week. im getting dumb fried tomorrow
 open your face house smoked pistachioherb crusted pork sandwich w smiley pork jus  sharp 
 chipotle rubbed and smoked with pecan hard wood for 14 hours brisket smokedbrisket chipotle 
 its days like today i wish i was a smoker  tooniceouttobeinside badexcuse
 burger special this week is the local grassfed with homemade smoked tomato creme fraiche  
 todays special grilled cheese gruyere  smoked cheddar  tomato  tomato soup and a side 
 tasty tasting shaved melon amp smoked salmon sticks pictured with honey chevre on rosemary flatbread weddingcatering 
 if a deaf person smokes top shelf weed  is it still loud
 .@durtedom are you going to coachella first weekend  ill get you into the weedmaps house
 @bdomenech @sonnybunch lemon chicken with capers  classic or i have smoked salmon and capers with my poached egg for breakfast.
 who needs alternate egos when im literally the dopest dope my familys ever smoked
 custom shirts for smoke buddy     design your custom shirts  screenprinting  business 
 a smoked ham cheese and egg sandwich.. smoked  really  who are you trying to fool  starbucks 
 i just smoked a blunt with your gf  oooooh  ice cold
 this dark and toothy uf13 caught my eye this afternoon. theres no mistaking that de smoke 
 you can literally smoke out of almost anything and you choose to do some white ass shit like this  
 @zaaairitaa smoked out
 liberty lunch glasses by @indybrewing @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery 
 weeks smoked that
 kicking off the vip portion of tonights @douglasmagazine 10 to watch awards goat cheese amp beet ravioli smoked goa 
 jacob presented his project from his summer internship in weed science today. looks good  @jenik9513 @amitunl 
 its a nice ass day out tho weed got me feeling blessedandgrateful 
 tgstudiocity smoked beef short ribs  english peas  asparagus  snap peas and mushroom ragout  
 hippity hoppity easter is on the way secure your house cured hickory smoked fox bros ham now 
 make sure you capture a photo of our grilled cheese  smoked bacon amp tomato soup dumplings before everyone digs in 
 mmm...lunch vibes at chanson with @carlosbatlle. prosciutto  fig jam  smoked brooklyn 
 hahahahahah i wouldnt even need to smoke this.. anyone got a pool table 
 about to see what lucilles smokehouse is all about
 montreal smoked meat sandwich  dijon  rye @ vidalia  1964 w. lawrence...moist  just enough fat  delicious but a lit 
 @tuffadams @ariefriedman good start.....   inject with butter  bacon grease  liquid smoke  and garlic...
 @kennedior i just smoked the last of my bud but dm me
 top 5 things that dont work 1 aftermarket apple phone chargers 2 propane bbq ignitor 3 weedeater extra string spool 4 holmey 5 45
 vine ripe tomato salad with pickled onions amp smoked olive oil luckytomatoes tomatoes salad   smokedoliveoil 
 holy foodporn beerporn @ wicked weed brewing 
 im so high off a edible and i smoked like 4 blunts hahaha. geeked at this family gathering haha
 didnt know anyone still smoked these other than mr. loukes @ rhs. sugarbear @carlddoesit @sarnone @keeshman 
 i just smoked and feel into a deep depression. it was as if doing good was hurting me. there was no love.
 naw you smoke huff 
 repost @mscreant  bang  blue cheese stuffed patty  peppered smoked bacon  fried onion 
 a little smoked kampachi  amarosa potato  pickled ramp amp creme fraiche ...tuesdaytease 
 day 16 whole30 challenge pecan smoked chicken on a bed of sauted garlic  kale  and lemon with 
 whenever in cny owns a blue charger with daytona stickers you made my night  smoked my ass in the end but it was exhilarating
 whoever in cny owns a blue charger with daytona stickers you made my night  smoked my ass in the end but it was exhilarating
 dammit. baez smoked that.
 im assuming this dude has never smoked a bowl before. 
 i saw wayne when i was 12 ... that was the first time i smelt weed 
 late night smoke got me like  
 @odvsodarius  only thing you couldve possibly bought was weed. and more bullshit.
 indian spiced lamb rack tandoori spinach amp caramelized onion stuffed smoked tomato paste @douglasmagazine 
 i cant believe i once dated a boy who smoked an ecig as if he smoked a pack of cigarettes a day
 who tryna smoke amp go to steak and shake
 i just wish i had friends to smoke blunts with at 1am some nights
 @shmehhhh for real though. my homies smoked me out last night at this dive bar  listening to radiohead and shit. 
 i hate late nights with no weed 
 i really wish i didnt smoke my shit last night
 islam cant win in usa my cat the vev loves ham off the bone smoked ham
 last time i smoked was sunday 
 thanks for hanging out tonight plan on a late stream tomorrow night smoke two joints before i smoke two joints 
  he got smoked 3 times 
 eggs  baby spinach with smoked gouda  
 bake egg avocado nest with smoke salmon.. over40 paleo paleolifestyle whole30 wholefood 
 our smoked meat sub is no ordinary sandwich lots of smoked meat  pickles  onions amp 
 craving smoked salmon   poached eggs   hash amp potatoes 
 i smoked way too many ls yesterday  im burnt out
 it appears the senate is ready to accept the changes made by the house to the medical marijuana legislation. 
 come thru ill smoke you out and make some dank fried egg and ham sandwiches
 exactly why i choose to smoke all the time 
 hardest decision of all time is deciding whether to smoke your last blunt before or after work
 @cspanwj @repmarcykaptur @realdonaldtrump complete legalization of hemp would provide manufacturing jobs in the mos 
 good thing i put that weed and seed out yesterday. 
 @ingrahamangle just great wouldnt expect anything less from someone who thought the klan was ok until he learned they smoked pit
 i wish i can smoke hookah in my lunch period outside 
 happy wing wednesday  1.50full smoked wing and 4 local craft pints supportlocal 
 lunch is bacon and smoked gouda burgers  chili  chips  spinach salad.
 fuel for my workout this morning eggs with spinach amp smoked paprika  avocado on wheat toast  
 .@tsnstevelloyd amp @toddwhite28 laughing sound like uncle kracker  the smoker  drank a bottle of whiskey last night laugh awesome
 thanks for the likes  jessie taylor  @ smoke shoppe in in 
 hope @quavostuntin smoked that shxt and enjoyed it last night 
 the weedmaps and red bull skate teams are litttt
 cus last night i felt every bit of it and didnt even smoke
 fried yam with pepper sauce mad with scent leaf and smoked mackerel  coming right up 
 todays smoked wing flavors are garlic parmesan  lemon pepper  and jerk bredgourmet bred 
 @meltingreality im so excited you dont know how many blunts are gonna smoked to this album. not trying to trigger
 @thorntonfire reminding people to check smoke detectors. a message we shared through operation save a life campaign this past weekend
 are you smoked
 soups of the day pioneer square   green lentil dal  potato amp kale with smoked gouda capitol hill   thai pean 
 i want some greens w some smoked pigtails in them and some bbq chicken w some mac and cheese on the side...but til then imma eat these chips
 macncheese with smoked salmon was dinner last night. oregoncoast outdooradventure @ oregon 
 eggs benedict  smoked salmon with mixed greens amp seasoned potatoes at @firstwatch 
 update. i bought weed
 aprils foodtruckdaytreat is enormous smoked beef dino ribs with a side of potato salad from 
 our version of the cowboy smoked brisket burger  fried onions  provolone and bbq. see you for lunch 
 repost gt johnjsp1 chef christy angerhofer smoked salt and honey grapefruit jam food 
 @drunkonlust i hope my friends take getting a sativa into consideration bc if we smoking what we smoked yesterday 
 the special is back smoked and seared brisket with vodka chile sauce   b and b pickles and tobacco onions.... limi 
 neno really pulled up on me last night when i needed my emergency smoke out 
 fuente rosado sungown magnum. great smoke in the morning  or anytime. @afuentecigars cigars purocigar @cigarsmoke 
 i smoked wax yesterday and it was lit forreal.
 been weed free for 3 weeks 
 i havent smoked in eight days. im vaping instead. bought a crocodile wallet on ebay to reward myself. vaping 
 tgstudiocity  smoked beef short ribs  asparagus  fingerling potatoes  chives  mustard 
 jts smokehouse opening soon in leaguecity  tx.  bbq houston localartist art mural rickyortiz rickyortizarts 
 @buzzfeed hempfield has the shittiest lunches @mpavikings hold my spoiled beer 
 just trying to smoke at the beach and this is the 2nd day in a row i have seen people banging in the backseat in broad daylight 
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed that whip
 today we montreal smoked meat on tuscan with cheddar  caramelized onion  dijon amp pickled jalapenos 3numefood
 what better way to enjoy pimento cheese week  than on this hickory smoked bologna sandwich if 
 todays chef special is the sweet amp smokey chicken red onions  chicken  pineapple  and a 
 morgan freeman on his cannabis use ill eat it  drink it  smoke it  snort it  via @bruvs
 @solsticegrown continues to pave the way for innovative cannabis grows   viarespectmyregion
 in 8th grade  i told everyone i smoked weed  but i had never smoked anything. one time i helped my dad smoke some salmon  but that was it.
 dude i smoked at lunch and now im stuuuck 
 stop it who got yall hip to the smoked bbq mac n cheese 
 burnt ends w korean sauce  smoke slaw  and jb bonded w fresh lemon  smoked maple syrup  and bitters.   
 the weed gods have answered
 just wanna be as skeed as i was tha first time i smoked 
 todays specials beef brisket sandwich. a heaping portion of smoked beef brisket topped w cheese fried onions  an 
 we smoke dope all day all night
 i have not smoked today im pissed off
 best easter egg hunt was when i went to a 420 party in college. they had eggs full of weed joints bruh
 love  love  love eastern nc style homemade vinegar pepper bbq sauce. bbq @ palmetto smoke bbq team 
 @sectionsign dont tell your mother  but they have fantastic weed in mexico
 if i smoked 
 mmm @ the proper pig smokehouse  @properpigbbq in lakewood  oh 
 bennys after dark every wednesday at the emmet ray  tonight back to basics with a smoke bacon 
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed my whip
 in lieu of the bun for my burger i went w smoked turkey  gouda  and an egg  
 try our inhouse smoked pulled chicken burger w white bbq sauce grilled romaine  pickled pearl onions amp roasted ja 
 weeded in hoop house 1 s  for hour  will be out there tomorrow. amazing how weeds grow.
 @mencodes @opnsouls first of all  smoke didnt even come out 
 u niggahs bros be getting smoked in front yall and yall still on tha net posting all these guns . go use them hoes 
 thanks for the likes  jessie taylor  @ smoke shoppe in in 
 okie dokies smokehouse has roots as a food truck  then it grew into restaurant with delicious bbq. heres my qampa  
 okie dokies smokehouse has roots as a food truck  then it grew into a restaurant with delicious bbq. my qampa   
 another batch of smoked gouda roasted red pepper soup in the making 
 all white college students do is smoke weed out of weird objects and destroy furniture.
 i was driving and i passed this house like 10 at most minutes ago and when i passed it again i saw smoke and then i saw a car in the house
 drove this white lady now i know how many sons she has   their age   what they do and that they smoke pot.
 @happehcakes and for the record i like smoked salmon
 what u smoked today  
 its masters week in augusta  and many @rockypatelcigar will be smoked  the new 55 
 im at @bonedaddys house of smoke in dallas  tx 
 macaroni and cheese croquettes with tomato confiture and habanero ailoli topped with apple smoked bacon. 
 why is marijuana included in this  
 tripas blanched 3 times. next phase is a light cure  then smoked   then braised in a rich pork 
 full size mac amp cheese with jumbo shrimp  smoked sausage and applewood smoked bacon. dinners 
 chocolate chipotle  glaze w smoked sea salt amp maple cotton candy  coming to your sugar cookies tomorrow. 
 im at texas best smokehouse in longview  tx 
 theres something about a male who smokes a cig while hocking a loogey with a confederate flag bandana on justworkthings yummy
 after i pulled up. smoked with my nigga sonjay and i got reservations at 1045. im really chilling tonight
 do you smoke hundreds to choose for himher under 20 @  shopsmokeboxes zachnelsonmusic 
 do you smoke this could be yourshundreds to choose for himher under 20 @  shopsmokeboxes 
 do you smoke this could be yourshundreds to choose for himher under 20 @  shopsmokeboxes 
 im at green street smoked meats in chicago  il 
 by the time you get that smoked ham sandwich for lunch tomorrow  gorsuch gets fitted out in a scotus robe. 
 come and order our mac daddy fries truffle cheese sauce  fries  smoked bacon  @heppssalt. these 
 so to marijuana for giving me cotton mouth 247 and making me drink nearly a gallon of water daily
 its another night  i wish i wasnt cold  i just bought a bag  and smoked it on my own
 men say they dont smoke bitches out but females have stories of being smoked out.....whats the truth 
 having a expectationvsreality moment with ceasarspizza large smokehouse pizza. 
 i wish stephanie smoked so i wouldnt have to smoke by myself. 
 bitchhhh i just smoked a blunt  took a hot bath and bae bringing me food what a night bitch 
 surprised collins didnt go with smoker vs freeman in that spot instead of trusting montero vs kemp. mets
 kemp smoked it chopon
 just picked up some fresh new weed 
 i eat smoked chicken  howlinwolf smokedchicken by the pound available bia direct to 
 when the weed gets you in your feelings during the hot box 
 flames are gone but smoke continues to pour from houses at maclay amp 4th hbg. impressive showing from hfd. 
 john elrichmannixon adviser getting the public to assc. hippies w weed and blks w h amp crmnliz both heavily  we disrupt those communities
 matt moore smoked it @sfgiants
 i smoked almost all uh those 
 help settle an argument how many times a week do you have to smoke before you are a pothead
 the night life begins right now. can you play that travis scott through the late night song while i spark up the smoke  thx
 @stevesaka s muestra de saka nlmtha honored to be one of the few to be able to smoke it. 
 @miadi thanks  do you use cannabis
 both of these nigas smoked some fatass dick befo this 
 rhe you said you were picking up a quarter so it would last but you smoked it all in one day 
 late night smoke sessions in the woodsgtgtgt
 just seen your friendly ass yesterday bestf n smoked her out she still onnat rmao
 just seen your friendly ass bestf yesterday n smoked her out she still onnat rmao
 wish i had a late night smoke partner  but i stay up too late lol
 @nicoherburger so which drugs are supposed to be smoked then nico the first or second
 @afghanikush green games were the only thing i smoked when i first started
 @pizzaops smoke detector with low battery
  i eat smoked chicken  howlinwolf smokedchicken by the pound available bia direct to 
 this could be yoursdo you smokehundreds to choose for himher under 20 @  shopsmokeboxes 
 this could be yours do you smoke hundreds to choose for himher under 20  shopsmokeboxes 
 this could be yours do you smoke hundreds to choose for himher under 20  
 @tattooadd this could be yours do you smoke hundreds to choose for himher under 20  
 this jive turkey has smoked waay too much crack 
 @champagnefabi dont smoke tobacco kids
 first night with weed before bed in a long time and im scared
 but he smoked ittttttt 
 im so mad i passed out last night cus i smoked weed for the first time in like a month
 aye pussies @mrvegalicious @yeshitsmark remember that one night we got hella high cause we smoked 20 joints goodtimes
 breakfastisserved eggs  turkey  smoked ham amp colby cheese on a bagel new york giants  big pun ft. m.o.p. 
 nothing is better than being awaken by a smoke alarm chirping for a new battery at 530am.20min after that another one starts chirping 
 babe woke me up for some sex and to smoke 
 can you get loads and loads of cigarette smokestained ibm pcats on the darknet
 dont freak out if you see smoke at the refinery in commercecity today. cotraffic @koanewsradio 
 when i first smoked in 6th grade that shit made me tired asf thats all n maybe a lil hungry
 i smoked out of a potato the other day
 thought i dreamt brooke wika called me in the middle of the night offering me free weed.... it wasnt a dream. 
 probably more excited than i should be about the cabin we just booked at smokehouse lodge in monteagle but idgaf
 @wifeemailer getting loads and loads of cigarette smokestained ibm pcxts
 i am bringing left over collard greens with smoked neckbones to work for lunch black 
 quit worrying thats what the weed is for
 clouds of maple cotton candy on an organic sugar cookie wchocolate chipotle  glaze amp smoked sea salt 
 @realdonaldtrump your house of cards slowly falling @devinnunes good move to step aside. where theres smoke...
 30 minutes later now he in my suite pourin champagne tryna hit my weed 
 first smoke of the morning davidoff yamasa nowsmoking sotl botl cigarphotography cigar 
 last night was epic  4 cds given away.  3 hits to the face from mosh pit  2 awesome bands and  1 smoke alarm went off @velocitystudmin
 feeling gouda todayflank steak  smoked gouda  tomato cucumber relish  lettuce  and a yogurt dill sauce. 
 .@cityofwichita advises be ppl to limit outdoor activities late this evening amp tomorrow  due to smoke from range bu 
 we used to be together from 3pm to 2am and linked back up at 7am to smoke lmaooo and start all over again my girlfriend fr
 au jus dip this brisket smoked brisket  swiss cheese  caramelized onions  toasted hoagie  au jus  fire smoked 
 day 4 of no weed  ahhh almost over the week hump 
 also shoutout to matt for taking me home  getting me food  weed amp literally tucking me into bed last night such an angel 
 im excited to smoke this durban poison.
 now i know what im having tonite. salad. but snack provolone cheese wrapped around salami. smoked gouda bites.
 the original stuffed biscuit todays with our own cured and smoked maple bacon  eggs and cheese. 
 shes back oak smoked chicken salad w toasted almonds amp pickled grapes is back on the menu   beef ribs  brisket 
 @cecilbaldwiniii eat smoked meat at schwartzes
 applewood smoked cougar gold cheese is available at @wsucreamery for wsumomsweekend 24.99 per lbs or 50.00 a r 
 who said they smoked a cigarette for dinner last night 
 swamp head chipotle smoke signal on tap now.  @swampheadbrew avenuegastrobar beermenus
 ask for the mavwreck special happening now at durangos grill an all beef patty topped with choice of smoked meat 
 fresh milled rye from @bellegardenola   smoked salmon salad  egg in a hole special today at 
 yesterday i smoked with someone new for the 1st time who doesnt smoke much and it made me realize weed aint for everybody some1gettheymans
 red snow  damn heard a lot of stories about that red snow  have you moving to cali  to smoke that hydro chirack
 heres what u need to understand they have grilled cheese smoked bacon and tomato soup dumplings and i need that in my life yo
 breaking my fast for today  romain lettuce with smoked cherry ham goat cheese salami mustard and 
 lunch @ federal hill smokehouse in erie  pa 
 todays special at our wakers location chicken b.l.a.t. pita chicken kabob  applewood smoked 
   food porn alert 2   house smoked bbq pork loin with red slaw on herb focaccia and 
 today we have a roast cumin chicken club on tuscan with smoked bacon  cheddar  avocado  tomato amp greens numefood
 last night was so annoying lmao but i bought weed d
 great stuff from beginning to end @cattleackbbq today. theres homemade smoked bologna under the white bread. 
 im pretty sure most of the people who smoked last night woke up high
 food weed and gaming is my happiness.
 i just smoked so im 2009 all day  
 dude at guru has never had smoked chicken before  bitched about his food not being done. 
 fresh batch of smoked brisket pastrami for our special shabbat orders. hooooooooweeeeeeeee is 
 dutch malt sour  2 oz dutch malt whiskey from @newlibertydist  oz smoked tea vanilla syrup  oz smoked lemon juice 
 @uberfacts but it was very good weed
 yummy @ the smokehouse bbq in winter park  co 
  im white amp i have money  yes i smoke 
 rainy day activity @garviespoint smoked porter @ june wine bar 
 @gordonramsay have you ever had a marijuana edible
 wicked weed brewing is back this weekend at our tasting room @wickedweedbeer details  
 @jsn0wd0n and how about anybody who bought it or smoked it @justintrudeau
 tonights dinner special  grilled pork loin  smoked potato  fennel salad  wilted kale  truffle 
 its a @zabarsisny type of day... smoked salmon  cream amp various cheeses  pumpernickels  gefilte fish  chocolate macaroons amp almond bars
 finished product  this is money  brined overnight.  then smoked. 
 poached french white asparagus. cashewhibiscus romesco. smoked mayonnaise @bambaracamb 
 you know your in texas when... @ praseks hillje smokehouse 
 its newburgerthursday again. this weeks refiburger is topped with honey cream cheese  smoked 
 smokehouse burger smokehousetavern smokehouse.provisions burger pdxeater milkbun doublepatty 
 every time i was @kkaylamariie house i remember pop off was commonly used as much as they all smoke cigs badgirlsclub
 north carolina smoked catfish dip dill  lavash 
 the bears were smoked you could have had this info at 8am this morning if you signed up for this free newsletter. 
 is weed considered gross domestic product
 my dads smoked ribs 
 my theo teacher said he smoked marijuana in holland as  a teenager
 nothing like some yolk to bring some sunshine into this day   smoked sockeye salmon  avocado 
 @mattyglesias on @ossoff on this weeks weeds 
 thanks for the likes  jessie taylor  @ smoke shoppe in in 
 im a wine conasewer. only the best wine with my bbq.  @ wildwood smokehouse 
 breakfast honey amp bourbon smoked pork belly  60 minute egg  grit cake  fresh fruit compote 
 breakfast honey amp bourbon smoked pork belly  60 minute egg  grit cake  fresh fruit compote 
 double cherrywood smoked pork belly   charred corn and tomato salad  blueberry bbq sauce 
 @arielhelwani how long do you think it will be before marijuana is legal in mma and combat sports
 hippity hoppity easter is on the way secure your house cured hickory smoked fox bros ham now 
 like i love my sibling but if there was a fire and i had to choose between them and the weed im choosing the weed 
 sushi bites for any occasion. smoked salmon and avocado  veggie peppers  celery  and onion with 
 flashbackfriday of @septmbrmourning rocking the smoked out @palladiumshows a few weeks back on 
 mills family farm beef sliders with cheerwine bbq sauce  smoked gouda  bread amp butter pickles 
 friday market special smoked salmon sandwich with pickled onions  arugula and goat cheese mayo. 
 buckeyetastes smoked turkey
 is there dtby on holy monday if ever  holy smokes 1 week of restlessly waiting. dtbymulingpaghaharap
 last nights smoked salmon slider food porn after an impromptu bde flash mob in the middle of 
 thanks for the likes  jessie taylor  @ smoke shoppe in in 
 fried oysters and crawfish smoked gouda macncheese... are you hungry  crispy  cornmeal 
 they be killing me i smoked a raw this morning it was so much better 
 wicked weed freak of nature bottles now available.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
  bampc melrose bbq specials today  snoked salmon  smoked ribs  amp nachos come see us @ 2617 franklin pike 
 before i came home last night i knew i smelt like weed   the wind was so strong that it literally aired me tf out 
 mmmmm hot pressed muffaletta sandwich with olive loaf  smoked pepperoni  provolone cheese amp 
 mmmmm hot pressed muffaletta sandwich with olive loaf  smoked pepperoni  provolone cheese amp 
 red  white amp blue burger special garlic blue cheese  bacon  smoked cheddar amp fried onion to make your lunch patriotic
 the north end smoke company provides smoked meats by tim. currently  
 dont shame bogies if you smoke hookah
 heres another floridastyle pateencroute ready to get egg washed.  force is smoked beef 
 i aint smoked since sunday and all its doing is reminding me why i smoke everyday 
 the smokehouse. 
 name your price  only 3 orders for lunch. monster baked potato stuffed with bacon and smoked 
 the turkey masters smoked turkey  house bacon  provolone  red onion  avocado  red pepper mayo  lettuce  tomato on 
 hour 28 of beeping coming from the dumpster in the alley. piercing beeps. like a smoke detector crying for smoke.
 house everything bagel house garlic amp herb schmear with pickled onions or house smoked steelhead schnear with pick 
 i smoke a backwoods of a skunk  fucc a swisher 
 hickory smoked chicken wings coming off the pit @ fox bros barbq 
 this nigga smoked half my rello last night 
 garry put some chicken legs on the smoker last night  come grab a couple for lunch. just .75 each 
 after changing six smoke detector batteries on vaulted ceilings and 3 days of beeping at random times  its the carbon monoxide detector
 metier smoked salmon belgium waffle house kimchi  fried egg  cilantro metierseattle breakfast 
 josh and i put our mattress topper in the living room last night amp watched movies amp ate ice cream and smoked blunts
 just smoked w| my boy monday night
 ion smoke no more last night was my last time
 our wings are back for this big game this weekend smoked in our secret rub for hours  then 
 spinach and smoked salmon salad with lemon dill dressing  from food and wine  this refreshingly 
 come help discuss positive change in downtown garland @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery 
 a fantastic smoke on his beautiful afternoon...@warpedcigars maestrodeltiempo.  nowsmoking 
 great idea for your hemp lovers valentines day gift  
 we were back in the smoker last night thanks to alvaradostreetbrewery and miahnaise   and have 
 eve meeting at new location  if you need more business stop by. @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq 
 you know you want some dunns spaghetti with home made bolognese sauce and chopped montreal smoked meat  
 dagwood day...capicola  hungarian salami  smoked bacon on tuscan with cheddar  avocado  caramelized onion  pickled jalapeno amp greens
 this guy would have smoked that rodent at 2 100 yards.  chriskyle hero patriot rip punxsatawneyphil  
 just smoked a cigar with the lil bros highschool teacher.. cool dude loll
 aint smoked today 
 @ghostadventures the bottle tapping noise in the nd sanatorium elevator shaft is a smoke alarm dieing...
 today  i saw a guy get a mouth full of water from the water fountain and turn to his gf and squirt it all into her mouth... hempfield..
 got my ganja white night tickets 
 birthday bbq at my favorite local smokehouse  if you havent been  
 thanks @fcpsmaryland for finally weeding our shotput pit 
 obama weed   red hot chili peppers 
 had great time talking this guys  last night 180 jackie price   smoke on this  bbq team hired noah to help clean up 
 tips amp snoot aka cracklin @ smokehouse bbq 
 the perfect intersection of my interests weed amp jewish food 
 i dont like that these bitches wanna freak me  tf gotta have hot dog or smoked sausage at all times  but thanks for the compliment 
 she was a sour girl the day that she met me. @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 our first trip to iceland and our first meal was skyr and a smoked lamb and egg sandwich. both 
 @tsfparker so  let me ask you something  you are then assuming every player who has been pinched for weed has refused pan pills
 went to the post office w 40 packages  poured out my bag amp forgot a huge jar of weed inside smh...
 lmao smoked a marlboro red finna hot the gym
 charred octopus  boudinnoir  smoked tomato. bistro1860 freshfood sharelouisville 
 fresh shave and a smoke  complements to @1246barber  cigar cigars longbeach 
 im at sonny bryans smokehouse in dallas  tx 
 there is such thing as free lunch thank you @coniferhealth for this healthy smoked salmon w fresh vegetables lunc 
 i hate when im watching someones snap amp they loud ass smoke detector goes off like fr change the damn batteries 
 this weeks farmers special  roasted sweet potato  smoked onions  gorgonzola and balsamic glaze. 
 who in new orleans tryna smoke 
 delicious dinner at bohemian in bowery last night. double smoked 
 im at @bonedaddys house of smoke in dallas  tx 
 im at legal weed in ellensburg  wa 
 my president smokes wine milds
 todays special cheese steak sandwich flatiron steak | caramelized onions | smoked cheddar 
 follow the smoke bbq in lamesa. good ribs  if a little too smoky. fresh cut fries  and excellent cherry cobbler. 
 @chibbs1 @rockypatelcigar 2 months till @finalfour in phoenix. lets smoke one if you are out there. cigarbrothers
 authentic oldfashion montreal smoked meat. an unique experience nowhere to be found in the city onlyatdunns 
 last night i had a dream that i smoked weed with @kimkardashian 
 repost @eatdrinkrally  the bang  bluecheese stuffed patty  peppered smoked bacon  fried 
 in other news   this smokehouse barbecue bacon chicken sandwich from chic fil a is life right now 
 tonights dinner is kraut  and smoked sausage and chive sour cream potatoes lets eat @ columbus  
 gratefuldead night with the rents @ skippers smokehouse 
 12 lb burger with bacon onion jam and smoked gouda cookinuptrouble foodstagram foodie food 
 this weeks legacy burger courtesy of our beverage director jackson.  5oz cold smoked and then 
 jaden said i feel like my wings are grilled...or smoked 
 my favorite wicked weed sour.  drinking an oblivion by @wickedweedbeer @ randal benefield  dds  pa   
 @standingunder im at a restaurant  but its minimum 6 hours in the smoker and slow cooked overnight in the oven.
 just putting it out there i have smoked ganja in 24 days.....
 holy smokes  i almost forgot this was happening. such a fantastic cast. cannot wait for runaways @hulu 
 i just want fried fish from kenneth and to smoke sein with my fave.  ugh 
 i was 12 and my pothead of a father left a jay in the ash tray . i got caught and he made smoke the whole thing  
 i freaked out about safety and bought a smoke detectorcarbon monoxide alarm for our prewar apartment 
 mr. puffs   chez pare  no road construction   good metro   smoked meat   poutine   warm winters   low taxes    what more does montreal offer
 @ivankatrump wedding gifts save your jewelry for weeding gifts gift save them  can triple your products in value
 id smoke it with them  but not on some pothead type stuff. 
 @ekctafc @aarondkey no beer  no weed  cruel and inhuman punishment. are you almost finished now
 @maddiesessler this is gold. the tumble weed as poms.  
 unlimited weed  wings  head amp shameless episodes. 
 come to the cabin and smoke
 are you smoked weed 
 montreal smoked meat riel houston htx hou dinner dinnertime dinnerwithfriends  food 
 buying a giant bbq pit sounds like a great idea until want just 1 pork butt or some smoked wings. gonna get 2nd job so i can buy 2nd smoker
 @briannaimbesi we are re scheduling that smoke session to next week kkkkkk
 my first tip today was 100 amp just smoked a bleezy amp ate sushi in bed w my man issa gewd day
 last time i smoked weed i got so high i was drivin around lookin for my car keys 
 solid road win @nwbball.  get another on saturday.  steaks on the smoker next week if you do.
 boutta smoke this last joint of kk
 cant even remember the last time smoked and i could care less 
 brooooooo speights smoked that dunk 
 i smoked weed
 @zamoravalentin5 ahhh i see  never smoked none of that  or smoked in general
 but i just smoked so im good
 i just love how almost anyone can own a gun but its still illegal to smoke a nearly harmless plant in most states 
 sunday i told myself i wasnt gonna smoke during on week days and my ass smoked everyday since monday 
 last night @topdollasweizy perform @themanordc part.2tonight  smoke  party @themanordc 
 its a labor of love @jtranis in house cold smoked fish. lrmonkfish  local swordfish  
 at least he got a house live alone got weed and letting me spend the night plus he got dreads yes u can fuk me all night boo 
 ld387 enroll an act to provide for oversight of maines recreational marijuana laws 
 so cold the ganja freezin
 @sspezia @shanotoole a wonderful life painkillers smoke rosemary red lights long drives the whole damn album 
 new menu item alert super nova feat. smoked salmon  pastureraised eggs  veggie cream 
 specials comin atcha...vegetable strudel wminted pea puree  smoked tomato glaze  baby kale salad eatyourveggies h 
 event alert wicked weed can celebration at trackside crafts on feb 23rd  @tracksidecrafts 
 it was cheeseburger night last night and we used grass fed beef  our apple smoked cheddar and wright brand bacon. 
 breakfast time i miss my eggs  but the smoked turkey will do just 
 a delayed brekkie post from @bluestonelane scrumptious amp super filling avo on toast with smoked salmon w a poached 
 riseandgrind with a great breakfast of poached eggs  smoked whitefish  berries  bananas  and 
 we will be out at bluff city electronics today from 102. todays special is a smoked chicken caesar wrap
 i had a dream that my mom  brother and i all smoked weed together last night lol
 my last happiest day was christmas morning .  i smoked 5 persos back to back
 last night i dreamt that i smoked weed with @adoredelano and @dannynoriega at the same time. like 2 separate people. dreams are rad man.
 new addition to the menu  polish sandwich with smoked kielbasa topped with caramelized onions and a side of sauerk 
 12 yrs since i had the smoked quail salad @bayonanola. chef @bayonasusan im dining w you feb 9th. cantwait 
 about last night.... @ smoke jazz club 
 fuck i accidentally smoked two bowls again last night.
 when you smoke this your head gets hot amp you start to cold sweat
 the worst part is that i woke up so excited to smoke a bowl
 been smoking lamb all morning. putting it on to braise now. smoked lamb sliders for dinner 
 lamb day roast lamb club on tuscan with smoked bacon  monterey jack  caramelized onion  guacamole amp greens numefood
 smokehouse burger smokehouse.provisions  smokehousetavern bacononionjam marrowbutter topchef 
 boulevard  smokestack series coffee ale now available in bottles.  @boulevardbeer beermenus
 in search of two ganja white night grand rapids tickets @detroitedmfam @michedmfam @ravechasersdet
 wicked weed basic white beer now available on tap.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 this for the time i was sleepin in dat honda  remember i was sellin weed up out dat honda 
 tgburbank escolar chowder  bacon  fennel  leeks  white wine  smoked paprika oil  herbs @ 
 wicked weed french toast stout now available on tap.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 im tryna get super smoked out for my bday
 lunch smoked chicken yummy @ cafe 615 da wabbit in gretna  la 
 my husband is the best. he brought me a smoked salmon blt from @neopolsmokery and served me lunch in bed while im recovering from surgery.
 fresh curds amazing but cheddar  brie  swiss  marble  old  medium  mild  gouda  parm  smoked  jack  feta amp halloumi are all close seconds.
 salas  robles  1 of smoker  gorzellany or edgin  ltleftygt  goeddel or ltrightygt  reed  familia 
 wicked weed brewing silencio is in the lead make sure you vote for what we tap tomorrow 
 the time for 10 pizzas is now. start your weekend early. shrooms | mushrooms  smoked mozzarella  arugula  cream  
 im at joes pit smoked bbq in corpus christi  tx 
 im at @hogshollow smokehouse in utica  mi 
 this pistoff kristoff is outstanding stay smokey  
 ttried the sweet potato poutine w waffle cut sweet potato fries  gravy  smoked cheddar amp mozzarella. dovf 
 snowmageddon 2 is here  we got you cover hot smoked meat ready to be hand carved for your lunch today 
 lunch special @beverlywilshire theblvd smoked salmon amp potato terrine with braised leeks amp truffle vinaigrette 
 and last time i smoked gas  i almost crashed a whipp
 super smoked wings order for sunday  8656338111 superbowl snacks  pictured caribbean amp bourbon wings not nict 
 drinking a pant suit by @intrinsicbrew @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery  
 drinking a rbf by @intrinsicbrew @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery  
 drinking a pink tuxedo by @intrinsicbrew@noblereybrewing @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery  
 meat our superbowl special 2 racks of our already famous smoked ribs  3 pounds of our smoked 
 youll want to add this smoked salmon with eggs and pesto to your weekend breakfast menu  trust 
 drinking a dont hop believin by @intrinsicbrew @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery  
 drinking a shazam by @intrinsicbrew @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery  
 wicked weed hop cocoa porter now available on tap.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 one of the starters on our restaurant week menu  also available on our regular menu smoked duck 
 i encourage the proliferation of smoked foods in and outside of bbq joints. however  if theres a sign that smoked 
 and im falling asleep  and shes calling a cab while hes having a smoke  and hes also a crab 
 i want biscuits with apple butter amp peach lemonade @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq 
 i wonder if hes disconnected the smoke detectors in the white house.
 baconfriday i have bacon  buckboard bacon and a smoked gouda and bacon bread pudding made from my homemade bread 
 excited to have 5 organic extra virgin olive oil from @hellenicfarms back in stock  amp smoked 
 how is this on a friday baked eggs benny amp red pepper jelly smoked cheddar grilled cheese by @malexadi 
 im at randys smokehouse amp bbq in new boston  tx  
 spice crusted skate wing over smoked sunchoke risotto catalystrestaurant catalystchalkboard 
 fresh off time to smoke
 superbowl weekend  order the grub for the big day  falcons burnt peach bbq  patriots  smoked sticky 
 me  last week i drank a six pack smoked and did my hw is this what college is tony  no lol wtf
 i just noticed that both the manufacturing date and the expiration date 20162017 on my marijuana chocolate bar is my mothers birthday.
 i just noticed that both the manufacturing date and the expiration date 20162017 on my marijuana chocolate bar is my mothers birthday.
 i could smoke 10 woods and still wouldnt get as loaded as i do off an edi 
 this is our applewood smoked pulled pork topped with creamy coleslaw and sweet bbq sauce on a 
 from here on out im dedicating my life to weed cuz thats all i care about apparently
 they had smoked salmon i dont like smoked things but i like to smoke things
 happy hour yassss litfam @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq in torrance  ca 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque bar in torrance  calif 
 and for starters try our app special...smoked trout amp rasher crustinis smoked trout spread  crispy irish rashers  
 @rundezboyrun @robertsaunders everyones at cojo tonight  but remember when we went and almost passed out due to the second hand smoke 
 this smoked salmon salad was seriously delish. had lunch today with our fabulous new friends we 
 im at legal weed in ellensburg  wa 
 todays special red chili sweet potato gnocchi  braised shortrib | smoked green tomatoes | 
 why yes  i am shooting a cannabis industry soire right now. allthingsweed fuckshoes 
 last set smoked thanks to @fiendsss  loving the progress. deadlift dmn8 powerlifting uspa 
 holy mole smoked chicken thighs  house made mole sauce  black beans  avocado  queso fresco  
 girls final 5a no. 15 hempstead 55  wahlert 39. megan gronau leads mustangs 126 with 18 points.
 took my 11yo son for his sports physical today she asked if he wore a seatbelt  smoked cigarettes amp used condoms... yeshewearsaseatbelt 
 our own organic grassfed tamworth bacon  just coming out of the smoker for brunch tomorrow 
 call ahead for our super bowl special   smoked meat platter 20 wings  10 jerk ribs for 50 
 @joerogan  @realalexjones  whiskey amp weed  1 of the best 4 hours of truth....ever 
 barbque and ducks hockey on tv @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq  
 bought a 99 clearance pack of thick cut apple wood smoked bacon from ralphs the other day and its my greatest decision of my week
 im at green street smoked meats in chicago  il 
 ... chefs tasting ... first course | smoked salmon  celery root slaw  pumpernickel chips. 
 yeah baby meat meat and more meat  @ the strand smokehouse 
 barbecue ribs n chicken on a friday night with my bff @ocduck20 @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  
 lucilles smokehouse barbque with mom 
 i remember smoke made us box in his backyard when we was lil niggas lol
 @styulz @thatsangell lmao i meant to say tonight is the last night i can smoke lol
 me where the blunt seabreeze we smoked it....
 if i smoked id watch interstellar like 10x in a row
 host a super bowl party like a champ  order online smoked meat platters for delivery or for pick up 
 i already smoked a zip to this new herb
 and swallowed the toothpaste  went for a walk  it was late afternoon  bought a pack of smokes  then called an ambulance.
 im in gp for the night  smoke me out.
 with a very precious friend from so long ago @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  
 i eat salads amp smoke papers now
 already filmed another tutorial  this one is dark and smokey and night time appropriate. a night out on valentines day or any day. 
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed the whip.
 i just smoked a l
 i swear my room be smoked out yo  big ass hot box
 just seconds before the hotel room got smoked out...  mobbing with the sewasquad 
 bookend. ashevillenc craftbeer @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 01.28.17 || green street smoked meats  chicago  illinois  feat. @tonalmemories whpdisguise 
 @rachelkathryn @kmckinleyy hi im eric davidson we used to smoke cigarettes on my back porch  im gay
 i just smoked weed for the first time omg rip
 i almost just smoked  i respeck mike for saving me
 briskets time.. meat dinner california bear felizsabado buensabado @ jaspers smokehouse and steaks 
 wine weed amp hot cheeto puffs 
 just smoked a suped up mustang and challenger on i10 in a stock civic lol
 wow what a opportune time for the smoke detector to decide it has a low battery about. to. lose. my. mind.
 @acehigh i was just thinking the same thing. i was just remembering the other day when we smoked cigs in front of someones house and
 rancho libre casa de fumar padron  @ bbqr916 smokehouse and brewpub 
 couldve went to jail tonight for that weed but realizing it wouldnt have mattered to anyone either way
 sportsball final culinary favs broasted whole young rattlesnake defanged  smoked with aromatic hickory  drizzled with jellied grape slaw.
 tired making chicken and set the smoke detectors off. sorry family.
 i wish smoke alarms had some version of an internal clock so they dont choose to tell you theyre running out of batteries at 3 am.
 amp its more than the weed he smoked.
 i have to be awake in 4 hours but i just want to read and smoke all night 
 lmao if youre ever looking for me between the time period of 10pm to 230am  im prolly in a weed coma
 can i be ina weed commercial 
 i was invited to this paint club where i smoke while you paint. all black. and they just painted heart shapedextendos last night 
 if you smoked hes shit you will understand me rn and i smoked it out of the bong
 what about medical marijuana @cspanwj
 weekend menu slow smoked brisket smoked pulled pork smoked fireball whiskey jalapeos cheddar meatballs crab stuffed poblano jambalaya
 had a dream last night that i bought weed from wiz 
 @cassanovahefner man smoked some before work yesterday almost didnt make it. the kosher taste amazing 
 vanderburgh last night isp arrested an evansville man for possessing nearly 60 grams of marijuana. more details  
 i prolly shouldnt have smoked all of what i had last night lol.
 i woke up to my grandpa yelling at my grandma saying she smokes crack....goodmorning from the snider family
 saturday lunch calls for some of our famous smoked wings. try the alabama white sauce flavor.  
 god damn it brenda i told you to change the batteries in the smoke alarm
 literally me at every party i go to stand in the corner  smoke  try to socialize  dance  go back to the corner  smoke  dance  smoke  corner
 csw 2017  sms family dinner on tuesday night  thanks smokey johns for the fantastic bbq 
 only smoked half a blunt last night  i was soooo high smh
 scrambled eggs with shredded mexican three cheese blend and salsa  thick sliced applewood smoked 
 fall in love with meat at saltlick smokehouse jamesstreetnorth hamilton hamiltoneats 
 my mom just goes ashley we smoked liquid weed last night talking about oil lmfaooo good morning
 french croquemadame  grilled bread  thyme bechamel  smoked ham  gruyere and egg. brunch 
 yesterday was smooth and i didnt plan any of it... wampb  work  dolo sess  movies  smoked on the beach  fulfilled my munchies  long slumber
 porchetta style pork belly  with marinated field peas  and topped with some smoked cracklins  
 binged watched this entire show yesterday. reminds me a bit of weeds mixed with pushing daisies but much darker. 
 sweet amp smokey bbq pulled pork has got my mouth watering topped with coleslaw  on a toasty 
  bampc market bbq specials today  smoked ribs  succotash  amp  grits come see us for lunch 
 check out our pulled pork sandwich. smoked on site  pulled and mixed 
 very nice and smooth mildly smoked marzen. first beer at atg.  drinking a texarcana at @atgbrewery   photo
 very nice and smooth mildly smoked marzen. first beer at atg.  drinking a ledersmokin at @atgbrewery   photo
 double smoked pork chop topped with prosciutto and portobello mushroom risotto and sunny side up 
 todays special smoked meat wrap with swiss cheese  carmelized onions  romaine and mustard. 
 the free range salad is calling you today come see what nobull smokehouse is all about 
 lets be honest... a smoked salmon bagel with cream cheese is everything you want for brunch. 
 brunch time new cocktails. same delicious food. shoutout to the pile of applewood smoked bacon 
 the curried up pig.... smoked shoulder seasoned with curry and topped with tomato cucumber  feta  and yogurt spread 
 its lit smoked salmon  cheese  eggs  and hash brown 
 im at the proper pig smokehouse  @properpigbbq in lakewood  oh w @jeffmraz  
 im at the proper pig smokehouse  @properpigbbq in lakewood  oh w @jeffmraz  
 last night.  drinking a smoked honey doppelbock 2016 by @steelandoak at @steelandoak   
 last night.  drinking a smoked honey doppelbock 2016 by @steelandoak at @steelandoak   
 mr. benny is open this weekend ive got smoked portobello mushroom hash on special right now  and the beignets are lovely pdxbrunch
 yo you telling me i smoked so much yesterday i had no idea @patmcafeeshow was retiring .
 it aint no montreal smoked meat but ...  @ bens kosher delicatessen in new york  ny  
 wheres the new braunfels weed @
 my drunk ass smoked my lucky last night. 
 @cheffrancolania goat cheese amp brie souffle with smoked salmon.
 when you smoke weed for writing inspiration and end up laying down to nap instead...  sendsnacks
 my smile is cheesy but husband looks cute . adult time in asheville  @ wicked weed brewing 
 wait... i smoked something last night.... @saralozylester
 my uncle thought that the lady on the radio said save me some weed and some cheese instead of some wings and some blue cheese im crying
 b.tssmokehouse the best bbq around @ b.t.s smokehouse 
 @hughwburrill   how many montreal smoke meats sanwishes so far huey
 mac amp cheese with pulled pork at frey....good lord its good @ frey smoked meat co. 
 turned 18 yesterday and i have already smoked two packs of newports
 i remember mando asked evander griiim if he wanted to smoke w him  then he yelled out next time bring young thug 
 order your super bowl platter before its too late sablesnyc @ sables smoked fish 
 professional mixed with i  weed.  
 and thats how you smoke meat  
 second hand smoke is more harmful than smoking ah yes and the people who pick up parade beer cans get drunker than the ones drinking them
 @stevehandel @icaruspundit im secure with my burnt ends and smoked turkey. dont need his approval.
 fresh curry chicken wit da mac and cheese and salad you can see the smoke  
 we feel like in montreal with this snow and a smoked meat sandwich onlyatdunns food belowzero  
 now this is yummy truffle butter toast sticks  smoked salmon  boiled eggs and potatoes with 
 house smoked cocoa nibs with cherry  maple amp pecan woods for a collaboration brew with mhmurray 
 somebody needs to ask @elizabeth217 to prom right now because i just saw her in her prom dress and holy smokes talk about hot hot hot
 i have smoked 6 bowls today... i woke up at 11
 pig heaven love you  smokehousetavern porkcheeks pulledpork greens @ smokehouse tavern 
 i tried this shit smoked and was cooling and i steak remember that day 
 mesquite smoked turkey breast  bbq  superbowl  texas love 
 was just informed i tried to smoke absolutely nothing out of an empty captain morgan bottle last night ripaut
 on menu tonight @voltrange hunter sausage smoked venison  rabbit and garlic  sunchoke relish  
 gearing up for thesuperbowl with @schnippers game day brat   grilled bratwurst  smokey 
 i just smoked with my grandparents   bless my family
 fish fry with french fries and waffle fries on the smoker all 
 enjoying a relaxing lunch... thisguy @ smokehouse 
 sat amp sun only grilled ny strip w smoked garlic butter  roasted broccoli amp kabocha squash   @frozentropics 
 whats on everyone super bowl menus  i got smoked chicken thighs and ribs as the main attraction preceded by chicken nachos... dranks
 so to the guy who gave me a nug of weed at the club last night 
 @dollydelacour @bunnyrabbitdach @milothedachsund get some bacon  we will smoke him out
 i am such a great multitasker... i just smoked a cigarette  face timed jessica  and almost cried  all while driving.
 @mitchelltalks smoked bologna with ghost pepper jack. its whats for lunch. @flyingpigokc 
 got 3 bottles and weed and im still hungover from last night. happybirthdaytome 
 i was standing on tanners tire tryin to grab stuff out of the back  and then i slipped and smoked my chest on the side of the truck
 outlawburger whathaveigottenmyselfinto @ rollin smoke barbeque 
 i smoked almost all my cigs last night 
 steak picada is back on the menu cuts of steak braised with smokey bacon and roasted peppers. only at taco zone 
 @dnicedenise you smoked out
 chefs cooking cornish hen wroasted garlic mashed potatoes  smoked balsamic asparagus amp honey 
 come on by @crashedice for smoked brts and honey hot cocoa stpaul crashedice yummy 
 come join us at reds smokehouse and taproom for some bbq  chicken  and gator  
 brother at work feeding tucson @ reds smokehouse amp tap room 
 reds smokehouse amp tap room...the pig is smoked and roasted lets 
 being raised rightdoesnt mean you dont drink party or smoke.being raised right is how you treat people manners and respectyall confuse
 @daihuupa @zugrug all the deaths were a smokescreen for the final death mosh.
 pit room snacks for the cooks. smoked ribeye caps finished off on the flat top. unbelievably 
 todays special sweet potato puree risotto  poached egg | crispy prosciutto | smoked green 
 dream log last night all my friends fed me a salad of weed and vinaigrette. no more skinny jeans mike. ok
 bought some legal marijuana today. freeamerica @ urba crested butte 
 campchef. smoked wings @ boonsboro  maryland 
 on thayer for late night. open from 830 til 2am. fish  shrimp  pork belly  smoked asada and vegan chorizo.
 my mom has a meat smoker in the backyard and makes her own hungarian sausage 
 copper top  get down here huntsville for your daily dose of freak smoke. jam zepminiset breakout listenlive 
 all the smoked wings. all of them. @ hooters in saugus  ma 
 works @ red white and que smokeshack in scotch plains  nj 
 quickie nycliving nycgoodeats now  @vivelacrepe savory no.8 smoked salmon  cream cheese  spinach  capers  
 im smoked out 
 grilled nopales and smoked tri tip  thats how we do a healthy meal 
 tgirvine smoked st.louis ribs.ruby red grapefruit and orange honey glaze.bbq bacon beans.creamy 
 date night beautyboss essentials bold red   sultry smokey  and a spritz of little red dress 
 just posted a photo @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  culver city 
 3rd period weed to smoke  couple puffs home made pizza in the oven sabres win then bed 
 tendergreenswestwood  dinner special housemade garlic amp herb spaghetti pasta carbonara  smoked 
 omw to blow up your insta @ wildwood smokehouse amp saloon 
 wtf is wrong with me...  i bought a pack of smokes. epicfail
 stone smoked porter with vanilla beans now available on tap.  beermenus
 i shuda bought weed 
 im at @bonedaddys house of smoke in dallas  tx 
 finished product  11lbs of smoked pulled pork. @ western branch  virginia 
 sweet potatoes amp smoked honey bacon  . . . . . . . . . . . woodsilverlake sunsetblvd dtla 
 @margoharshman fez is with kimmel on nathans lose of his family 2020 last night toward @lianaliberato homicide. chuyuan too platters smoke
 dcity smokehouse so good
 my brother bought us a 6 pack  pack of smokes and a cask of we dont care   dunerats
 always great for these cold snowy nights.  drinking a cold smoke @ mark lanes  
 tonight i smoked a blunt. had a beer. and did some online shopping.
 and why did chucky look like he smoked 4 packs of newports per day
 @djjohnnyknight spinning at the fox sports smokehouse party produced by angelcitydesigns 
 first time i ever did a marijuana was while sitting front row at ozzfest 99 during @blacksabbath. prob top 5 coolest moments
 @ciboseven old smokeshow  cesar salad  amp oscarstyle potatoes...pretty much a slice of heaven. happyhour 
 @demsheepsgobaah should of smoked with me
 wine and weed
 i am more then convinced obama smoked bud while in office
 karma and formal just smoked eunited in the sampd. combined 192.
 chuck wagon club  ham  turkey  bacon  smoked cheddar  lettuce  tomato amp onion the rusty 
 @inokosushi the smoked trout spread was delicious
 i smoked a pack it got me anxious
 gets in uber yo last night we smoked in the uber soooo
 @bbuk she was literally a wallflower the entire time who smoked like a chimney its like you brits only vote for nonentertaining people
 its a smoke a whole pack kind of night
 just posted a photo @ lucilles smokehouse bbq long beach marina 
 felicity smoke is the loml
 ant woke me up at 1200am to smoke 
 recorded another episode of the last time i smoked with this hilarious comedian  
 too much of big doses of that cough syrup will fuck you up..did one not too long ago and man..but best high ever but stick with weed.
 @beauhossler on 18 @farmersinsopen after he smoked a young tyke 
 overheard harriet tubman never smoked an alcohol
 i wish i listened to x while i still smoked  the vibes would be intense  late night thoughts with just the sound of music  really miss that
 whole foods smoked wings gt
 i think these kids smoked a lil too much tonight 
 late night smoke session hmmm... 
 bruh he smoked the layup 
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed the whip
 do you smoke custom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 why didnt i use weed to solve my cramps before 
 late night smoke 
 late night smoke sesh with my cousin are my fav
 late night smoke  sessions  creepin 
 babes weed tooooo lit riplungs
 something special for the private reserves for a phenomenal taste and smooth smoke cannagi 
 shouldve smoked today
 me and lilli have smoked more blunts and bowls then ive smoked w anyone else and weve only been in the apartment for 2 weeks
 i needed a weed jar so i went and bought a jar and then i was like maybe i can decal this  
 how im supposed to smoke this blunt outside quietly if my dog keep cryin. 
 smoked one blunt all day yesterday. and didnt really even have to smoke that progression 
 late smoke 
 late night smoke 
 one last smoke before bed weedgirl stonerbabe 
 todays buffet will include smoked brisket and smoked chicken as well as our fried chicken amp catfish. see you soon 
 good thing i smoked just a little because that helped me remain good
 im trynna be way higher then i was last night... gotta smoke more then 7 blunts .. thats what we stopped at last night
 come support watts montessori and enjoy brats  bbq chicken and smoked gouda amp jalapeo mac and cheese  bullcity  
 game day meats. about to put a brisket and some ribs on the smoker. @ alhambra  phoenix 
 my room smell like smoke from the jerk chicken grilling last night 
 i smoked a lot last night
 i lost my weed last night 
 smoked salmon super bowl sunday  pastrami spiced smoked salmon on an everything bagel with 
 almost smoked weed last night but i stayed loyal to my goal
 patriots or falcons  either way call ahead for the super bowl special  smoked meat platter 
 trying to weed through the photos from last nights shrouded in neglect show  but there are way 
 @newtpittman i want to smoked gouda and chives back though
 next new item on our menu  crab croquettes with smoked paprika mayo highpark bloorwest 
 i smoked 7 blunts last night  drove to jersey high af  got pulled over  had an expired insurance  amp got away with a warning. wtf
 superbowl special 20 off cheese curds and smoked gouda we are open till 4 today for all your cheesy superbow 
 that time betsy gotbaums poodle ate too much marijuana.  
 wine and weed the 2 ws you need
 the night i dont remember at the weed  part 4. @ tumbleweed dancehall amp concert venue 
 everything falafel  scallion cream cheese  smoked salmon. . sunday @ goldbergs.  @ 
 buffalo really has some great breakfast spots. thats a smoked salmon caper feta omelet. 
 one of jesikas neighbors came and smoked us out last night cause we talked to him while he was walking his dog at 230 am 
 also  this weekend been the worst weekend of my life. to top it all off someone stole all my money  smoked my weed without me.
 you know im happy when ive got a smoked salmon and cream cheese bagel @ finagleabagel 
 thebab house bloodymary mix @titosvodka smoked pulled chicken amp pork sliders chicken wing corn fritter onion rin 
 i woke up high. crazy thing is  i didnt even smoke last night
 chef andrews new sandwich is on the brunch menu today the briskie 12 hr house smoked brisket  
 lost count of how many blunts we smoked early into the night.
 last night i smoked a blunt at the varsity drivein in atlanta and i couldnt be happier
 my mom smoked me out last night 
 looking for a light lunch try our composed salad with couscous  herbs  smoked garlic and lemon tzatziki. brunch  
 fuck smokehouse its all about sweets
 aura5 montreal and kimkardashian passed by alongside @doubleak craig and smokeys yellin daaaaammmmmmm 
 the food wasnt the only thing hot at smokey bones last night.  
 usual tight sunday morning  wake up  smoke one  pops pays me from yesterdays work thank god for another day
 @logitech  i love our loaded potato skins  smoked gouda  aged sharp cheddar and crumbled applewood bacon yum harmonygameday
 @chvrlesss we smoked all day
 @rebeccaslatkin theyre part of the hotel room smoke alarm test suite
 todays brunch special potato and bacon hashbrowns with smokey blue cheese ranch  served with 
 happy super bowl sunday beer is in the cooler  ribs amp hot links are being smoked.. what are your fun plans today 
 house made smoked salmon 
 someone is excited to dig into their smoked salmon benedict. @ bottega louie restaurant and 
 nachos and cheese  chili  buffalo chicken dip  sausage peppers and onions  today on chef hemptys kitchen
 i smoked almost a whole pack of cigs yesterday i hate myself
 homemade brunch  smashed avocado with feta and lime topped with smoked salmon on toast brunch 
 dude with all this coughing i feel like i smoked 5 packs last night
 dude last night held the wood 2 my mouth for me so i could smoke while rollin and he said ma ya lips hella soft if thats not bay love...
 easily among the top ten bbq joints in metro atlanta @ spiced right smokehouse bbq  @spicedrightbbq 
 im too spoiled for shit weed  @kay7xforever
 i wish i could smoke w tori everyday
 got invited to a party last night n was told to bring the weed n liquor  big jokes
 dc weed top 3 i ever had 
 next item for superbowl sunday smoked salmon first time trying this. brined  dried  now we smoke before 
 todays brunch special smoked salmon bruschetta with scrambled eggs  mascarpone  avocado mousse  watercress  radis 
 i bought some harambe glue last night. excited to smoke that 
 smokers have been pumping out smoked deliciousness all day for your super bowl needs 
 ummmmmm yes have you never smoked a pig in a pit in your backyard 
 whoever take me to get weed getting smoked out
 its game day  time to get your bbq on. smoked pork tenderloin bites  pulled pork sandwiches and hot wings. oh yeah 
 @zuill253 @bigbosskaia bruh smoked too much lmao
 slow smoked  deep fried then buffaloed with sauce bbq 
 thanks to mr. sam black smoke wiggins for teaching me how the blues is done in memphis and 
 lunch with my baby @ back forty smokehouse in north richland hills  tx 
 seriously i could just live off smoked chicken and brisket 
 sweet potato bacon hash browns amp smoked salmon avocado salad with a splash of fresh limeampolive 
 wings  pork butt  bacon wrapped jalapeos  and a whole chicken on the pellet smoker. 
 oakpecan smoked eggs. smokeddeliciousness in the shell. these precious commodities will just 
 3 drafts  4 select appetizers includes 6 piece jumbo smoked wings @ravenswoodq today  
 getting ready for the super bowl smoked chicken wings and more 
 this smoked grilled coconut club was so delish and who knew french fries dipped in malt vinegar 
 @swainevent @deadendbbq the puppets are on with the smoked mac n cheese 
 time to smoke @ casa del manning in dallas  tx  
 these cold days eat smoked meat to keep you warm last day of dineoutvancouver festival  vist the deli 
 last night i was mas faded i dont know the last time i smoked that much weed
 one gorgeous grilled cheese... with muenster  brie amp smoked gouda. instavideo @ epicerie boulud 
 dreamt last night that i left a date bc he turned out to be a smoker and my standards have not changed since 5th grade health class
 dreamt last night that i left a date bc he turned out to be a smoker and my standards have not changed since 5th grade health class
 had a moment and flushed lyk 30 bucks of weed down the toilet last night  because i deserve better lmao
 applewood smoked spare ribs  french dip  skirt steak crostini topped with bernaise  uncle jays chili and much more. 
 a smoked salmon  cream cheese and capers on a bagel is delicious but its even better when someone else makes it and delivers it to you
 last day of the hemp and cannabis fair in bakersfield. fair will be airing the super bowl for all the football fan 
 trying to fry up fresh chicken wings. house filled with smoke and grease. this is why you go out for them
 super bowl breakfastcourse 1  cold smoked salmon  house made 
 baked lemon blueberry french toast with homemade blueberry syrup  baked peasant eggs with double smoked bacon  thym 
 game day with beers bae wings weed and my pup life is good today
 @divafoodies @hotsicilianchef @chefjernard @applewood smoked spare ribs  french dip  skirt steak crostini with bern 
 so much fun this weekend  thanks  marie amp  steve @ wicked weed 
 welcome to @prestonpowell3 super bowl party @ churchill smoke shoppe 
 supersunday basket house smoked bison ribs amp chicken wings w housemade georgia bbq sauce. tortilla chips w hou 
 family night 5.2.17  greek salad  hill country smoked chicken wings  brisketpulled porkbaby 
 i smoked all my weed 
  smoked meat platter special   20 smoked wings  10 jerk ribs   its going down @ halftime 
 pecan smoked sausage.. turkey lil smokies.. jack daniels honey steak and chicken strips.. slow 
 @mzdawnnicole you need some smoked meat to go with that dont you
 i apparently smoked my knee on a chair last night. didnt feel it then. i feel it now. thanks kyle.
 i remember when i smoked my first weed
 secure the bag. @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq in long beach  ca 
 last year  panthers were the hot team and got smoked  year before seahawks where the hot team and lost
 white teen on haight street you wanna buy some weed  me im an adult
 mashed potatoes w sour cream  cream cheese amp @baymeatsbutcher smoked bbq blend. this gives mashed potatoes a smoke 
 chicken wings breaded w marijuana are addictive  fakechickenwingfacts
 last item for superbowl sunday smoked wings before 
 someone go on a smokey row date with me asap 
 pizza wangs wine amp weed
 post call. check. pregame trail run. check. smoked chili. check. pulled chicken. check. cold . 
 we love us some smoked meats and cheeses  crackers  bread and more. bring on the super bowl. 
 crowd gathering  20 gets you two smokes  drink tickets  bbq  and raffles cdmdallas @ casa de 
 woke up at 230 smoked a few bowls feel asleep amp i just woke up in time for the game
 stepped up my superbowl buffalo chicken dip with smoked butter game changer
 snuggled up with my boys  preparing to feast on dads smoked ribs while we watch the super bowl commercials. oh amp f 
 spent more money on plugins than weed last month.
 first smoke of the night nowsmoking @ charlotte city club 
 who got left out sweets amp meats bbq smoked a record number of chicken wings this weekend for 
 i hope the patriots get smoked sb51
 deviled smoked eggs for a super bowl appy... thanks for the recipe  @sraichlen @ dallas  texas 
 thanks for screwing with my diet b.t.s smokehouse gopats 
 aye that buick commercial just smoked me
 ate an entire tray of smokes salmon
 @thesignalcaller jed remind chris didnt quit.just like mary jane aka pittsburgh marijuana better.  beer to get rid of blount than bell dui
 @farrahrized i would smoke a pack of cigarettes just for u to follow me and i have asthma
 every patriots running back is getting smoked
 it would be so sad if the patriots got smoked in the superbowl their fans are so humble and down to earth.
 the patriots getting smoked right now is karma for brady wearing uggs
 tbh that was only because i got smoked by freeman in the fantasy league last year
 ive got a friend in kc whose job it is to smoke meat and make youtube videos about smoking meat.
 watching the patriots getting smoked makes this giants fan and trump hater ecstatic  superbowlli
 pls tell me why i had a dream last night of me smoking weed with dj khaled and his 3 month old son 
 a weed commercial 
 that tmobile and snoop dog commercial was funny  nice marijuana references
 patriots smoked
 trumpatriots are getting smoked
 that was basically a weed commercial
 watching the patriots get smoked brings joy to all americans
 i just smoked the best superbowl of all
 gaga do you smoke custom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gaga 
 nachos are overrated order online some smoked meat poutine for delivery  onlyatdunns 
 potato pancakes  hot smoked trout  beet cured gravlax  poached duckegg  cherrytopped 
 morgan freeman smoke more than anybody you or i know..
 @dc07clark was it coppan he was getting smoked
 the first time i smoked i thought the outlet in the wall was talking to me  @aashnishahh
 listening to snaps from last night amp realizing you cant even hear the music  you just hear my raspy smokers voice 
 just smoked my last blunt  i smiled it out here like i was in houston
 these dabs have me lit. i aint smoked in more than a week 
 jons prime rib with sides of smoked macandcheese and sweet potato souffl. steak was delish 
 my smoke detector need batteries 
 in case youre wondering how im doing  two of my smoke detectors had batteries die after midnight tonight. two.
 chicken amp weed 
 today started with a mixed berry shake.  i had smoked ribs   stuffed mushrooms and salad for 
 2nd alarm with fire through the roof. family of four selfextricated after smoke alarms sounded. units have knockdo 
 this is the second night in a row that i smoke at exactly 12 lmao
 im guna smoke with @jeffreestar one day.
 i just want someone to smoke with me babe amp lay with me babe amp laughing with me babe
 i just want someone to smoke with me babe amp lay with me babe amp laugh with me babe
 @snoopdogg it was a great superbowl. i smoked tonight and im sending you some good stuff. im not a freak. i am urban garden inc. b jenkins
 when @olivialakyn wakes me up two hours before my alarm bc our house is full of smoke  i know exactly what kind of monday its gonna be....
 marinated  smoked  sliced and piled in with salsiccia  provolone  grilled bell peppers and banana peppers. marconi 
 marinated  smoked  sliced and piled in with salsiccia  provolone  grilled bell peppers and banana peppers. marconi 
 marinated  smoked  sliced and piled in with salsiccia  provolone  grilled bell peppers and banana peppers. marconi 
 i smoked
 i just want someone to smoke with me babe  lay with me babe  and laugh with me babe
 @mfdarrell no it was smoked.
 armed robber gets smoked trying to rob texas bbq joint   
 woke up dehydrated as fuck i smoked way too much last night
 wish missy was home.. i need my ear smoked out 
 zzzz when we ran the wildcat.. we smoked em in new england.. ha 
 sorry if i didnt answer your call last night i put my phone on silent smoked a blunt and went to sleep fuck the nfl
 i smoke 200 blunts just to get me through the night
 @wfantrades do you chain smoke marlboro reds like benny
 if you smoke a pack a day dont @ me
 surly mole smoke now available on tap.  @surlybrewing beermenus
 hannahs dad gave me a bowl and filled my weed bag last night. 
 all he do is smoke you out    amp give you meat  bitch you dating a bbq grill 
 @drphildontehue smoked bacon amp sizzurp .........
 first time i bought some weed i was sold
 more heavy wet snow falling. see longview smokestacks across the river. koin6news 
 got someone to smoke for their first time last night  im so proud
 mussels with smoked tomato broth sauted fresh mussels with garlic and diced tomatoes  tossed 
 had a dream i bought weed from a food truck guy
 cold smoked salmon bites topped with our horseradish mayo  capers  cracked black pepper  and 
 today is the last day i smoke like i did this week
 my brother shad woke up to me yelling his name and all he yells back i smell weed
 damn this old tweaker mf i know died. no surprise  last time i saw him he hit a line of white  shot up h and then smoked dope when he woke
 tom was clean from cigarettes for 7 12 weeks and bought a pack and smoked one last night
 like when he was up enough and not nodding out from the h he woke up and smoked ice lol 
 salivating for smoked meat...
 @keithfoulke my friend nostradamus is not just a great meat smoker what a night
 ranchers pie is like shepherds pie served on corn bread with smoked chicken instead of beef wash it down with a 
 last time he smoked gas he crashed the whip. 
 @infinityman55 @followyourheart i am obsessed with their smoked gouda. it tastes so much like i remember
 shouldnt have smoked last night
 excited omc smokehouse is nearly open across the street... got a new sign today craftingsomethinggreat in lnpk 
 a little croissant toast with local farm eggs and smoked salmon.  cheflife bresort localfood 
 @vp i have 5 bbqs n make best smoked meats n bbq in ca 3072500024 whistleblow needs help 
 me if i ever sold weed  
 and i smoke so much weed might have a asthma attack  
 i want to make smoked salmon macaroons for my practical...
 rachels bacon cheeseburger  grilled all beef part  swiss cheese  applewood smoked bacon  
 so who would put down their beers  put down their smokes  put down their guns and say truthfully this valentines day
 celebrating my first adult snow day....still being an ideal with hard boiled eggs  cured bacon  a hemp milk latte  and work 
 about to hit up everybody who won money last night and i smoked down. 
 the only thing keeping me alive rn is this smoked meat mileenddeli poutine from yesterdays 
 monday with m of more smoked meat start your week strong  onlyatdunns smokedmeateveryday food eat yvr 
 new menu item. mixed greens and seaweed salad. hijiki  wakame  greens  radish  cabbage  hemp 
 im a postal author today...activated the self cleaning feature on the oven. smoke in my eyes  hunger in my stomach but i write on...
 @3mooch2 last night stole my voice... its gone. i sound like i smoke 10 packs a day..
 someones smoke detectors batteries are low 
 amazing chicken fajita poutine @ smokes poutinerie granville yvr poutine smokes 
 im just trynna smoke while im here in texas   someone help a nigga out  weed texas bud smoke
 my coworker that has only smoked
 my coworker that has only smoked once  smoked with me on our lunch 
 why is it so smoked looking outside
 thinking about last night makes me want to sober smoke
 todays comfort food  onion bagel with creamed cheese  slice of onion  and nova scotia smoked salmon  brain and b 
 hot damn @ old smokehouse real pit bbq in san antonio  tx 
 @larissamoser smoked 
 i left smoked gouda mac n cheese from the parks finest in my fridge at home and im so mad
 grinding up my last bit of green before my at least one month long weed break. hit me with some inspiration guys this is gonna be tough 
 oh shid lil safe w the flag. you smoke them hoes  
 truffle pecorino and smoked slab bacon with a runnnnnnnny egg. finished with garlic oil and 
 be so blunt that they can smoke your truth .
 i smoked the sobremesa by dunbarton tobacco amp trust yesterday. both the robusto largo and the el 
 i smoked the sobremesa by dunbarton tobacco amp trust yesterday. both the robusto largo and the el 
 prof robert schwartz concerned legalizing marijuana will lead to renormalization of smoking @otrunews @cmaj 
 @jeremylostt its what you smoked right before you hit the floor last night
 elreyonk trying the smoked chicken quesadillas  this place is really hopping elreyonk 
 @truthfeednews @rescuetracker81 meghan is right  the leakers should be smoked out.
 need a bff  someone who i can smoke amp jam amp pig out w
 about to smoke my last blunt for a while 
  not only did he travel but he smoked the layup
 oh no lebron smoked that layup 
 lebron just rolled a nice sweet an smoked it
 he traveled then smoked the layup 
 bron just traveled  smoked a layup  then tied the game
 @dasoc onna g lmao his ass smoked that lay up hard as hell
 about to smoke and tap 
 whos trying to see ganja white night at concord tho
 if there was ever a question of who smokes meat the best  its texas. ribeye  sausage  chicken  amp brisket  
 this nigga smoking weed in this burger king and its chill. welcome to monday nights in chicago on the west side.
 i havent made a dont get smoked  part 2 because i havent figured out how to top the first one. 
 all i want to see is big smoke designerhighdenver  denverweed denverhighend denvercannabis 
 the best cure for menstrual cramps is weed and masturbation.
 family night indoor race track. wife smoked me on the track. thats a problem. anointing departed my lead foot . s 
 i want a juicy  smokey  turkey leg  with a large coke on the side  and some dipping sauce. houston rodeo wya
 ken surprised me with a ganja white night ticket i love u so fkn much @kenapple
 things isabelle gets excited for  food  especially if my princess hands made it  sims  shameless  and weed. my simple charming gal 
 dinner amp then a late night at the beach with weed is like a perf ass date 
 last pack of smokes. its lit.
 i just saw something about cannabis infused tampons... cramps what are thoooose.
 just smoked 2joints 4 @bobmarley birthday
 @us5thfleet cough hack cough. up in smoke amp we have to protect our lungs more today than before. thanks @interior 
 need me a late nite smoke buddy
 ion remember the last time i smoked some weak shit ..
 if we gone smoke you cant tap out after 2 sweets 
 breakfast of champion  croissant  covered with layers of smoked salmon . 
 what do you say to the beeping smoke detector not today. i changed that battery in less than 3 beeps i dont fuck 
 @truehorrornet i sound like i smoke 2 packs a day
 our passion is passed down from family traditions. from our wood fired smoked meats to our house 
 this boy in my cooking group just told us he smoked crack this weekend..
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed the whip 
 i sound like i smoke 3 packs a day. great. best part of my week
 stability of smokeless powder compounds on collection devices regina verena taudte  claude roux et al 
 bbq smoked raccoon amp cinnabon stuffed sweet potatoes from @lavellthacomics fat man corner. throw a lil kale on it
 when i say father i mean the father that created weed
 just got the greatest inspiration for bbq sandwich. will be making it later this week. just gotta smoke some brisket first
 i smoked last night w my brother and i have never experienced the munchies so intensely  yo
 @jackiehollywood im gonna pretend you smoked whatever my friend smoked this morning when he sent me ten texts and thought is was cool.
 @senschumer usa no fascist john kelly for security or any other position. ever grown or smoked herb he considers you a narco terrorist usa
 royal gold honey diamond aureole with smokey quartz studs  specs  18k white royal gold  20 
 nobody wanted to smoke w me last night lol my roomate was already tooooo high 
 @thehill if warrens party had smoked the peace pipe with sessions a week ago  he wouldnt be there to vote for betsy devos.
 just one of todays foodspecials the farm to bun burger. smoked gouda   bacon   braised onion 
 special at our horton location shaved montreal smoked meat sandwich  w braised cabbage  
 and this morning i smoked w them .. and it reminded me so much of last year   it made me miss last year 
 babe rly had food amp weed ready for me when i got to his house last night after a dumb argument. im so spoiled. 
 @mikeisaac was the salmon grilled or smoked
 @jactrilla  same almost as good as weed  
 i had a dream last night that i smoked a cigarette. i woke up mad asf 
 woke up   smoked   cooked breakfast 
 lunch and groceries. smoked salmon salad  waldorf salad and a cuban. delicious eatlocal ameliaisland 
 brisket tostadas my scratch made queso  smoked brisket topped with cotija cheese on corn tortilla. bbqsnob 
 i smoked almost a whole pack of cigarettes last night and i dont even smoke. 
 crispy edged egg with smoked salmon on toasted egg bread  
 @40droprecords  smoked
 last dude smoked u 
 my suitemates smoked pot in our dorm again last night and i was pissed but id be lying if i said i didnt think it cleared up my sinuses 
 remember last summer when we smoked our own jerky the southeastern survival day camp for ages 
 today we have a smoked sockeye club on tuscan with smoked bacon  blue cheese  caramelized onion  hummus amp greens numefood
 livepd is actually worth a watch. its white privilege on national display. blacks jailed n mistreated for weed. whites w meth released.
 now on tap featuring @churchkeybeer holy cow chocolate milk stout  @wellingtonbrew terrestrial amp @royalcitybrew smoked honey. happy tuesday
 i smoked crazy last night
 all i need is to smoke  get some french toast or some pancakes and ill be 100 content.
 @mymama yeaa i had a drink yeaa i smoked...
 green tea from panera almost makes me as happy as weed and shameless so theres that
 im excited for cannabis cup 
 chain smoke my way through the gaps in between
 i sweatergawd last night chloe whispered to me we can smoke on my porch and shit never happened to my recollection.
 try our new pressed panini sandwiches plain cheese  artichoke heart  ham or smoked turkey perfect for any meal
 playing with my smoker. cold smoked fried chicken ... yes.  its that  awesome. orgasmic 
 lightly fried calamari rings plated over marinara  lemon butter sauce w smoked corn  pepper 
 summary of pros and cons of legalization of marijuana as presented by camh addictions dr tony george  watch 
 yo @eatpurely  this chicken amp smoked cherry salad is .com but the chicken and kale pieces are far too big. pls cut smaller next time.
 i almost smoked the crossing guard.
 i almost smoked the crossing guard.
 wicked weed sir ryan the pounder now available on tap.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 bringing back one of our original beers opening day smoked choco stout and a cherry version tap at 3pm tomorrow 
 bringing back a beer we had on day 1 back in 2014 smoked choco stout and a a cherry version tap tomorrow at 3 
 smoked turkey  smoked gouda and grapes...lunch while working  thesimplethings @ mkh designs 
 atleast i dont have time to smoke a pack a day anymore thanks to having 2 jobs 
 i dont even remember the last time i drank or smoked
 customs and border protection officers at the pharr inter bridge discovered more than 3 000 lbs of marijuana   read 
 tonights special house smoked brisket tostadas with chipotle crema and house made pickles for 
 you either smoke or get smoked.                            some pothead @ houston  texas 
 kinda been on edge today...i need to smoke cuh
 fresh off wrk about to smoke 
 first time trying the smoked butterscotch. its so good  
 to alleviate the death rate of opioid death rates  legalize cannabis  most effective in cutting pain pathway and no one has ever overdosed
 hey jude half pound chicken burger with applewood smoked bacon  haverti cheese  avocado  
 hey jude half pound chicken burger with applewood smoked bacon  haverti cheese  avocado  
 i stole a wheel of smoked gouda today and now i dont know how to best utilize it
 i just smoked a onion im glued 
 tonights surfnturf @dadcooksdinner grilled teriyaki flank steak on @webergrills amp applewood smoked salmon on 
 @jpbrammer yes. yes. so do smoked oysters.
 the battery in the neighbors smoke detector needs to be replaced so thats fun. somethingfishyin1320b
 my meals today  1. smoked salmon amp yogurt 2. chicken bowl from chipotle 3. avocado amp banana smoothie 4. veggie ramen 5. roasted asparagus
 excited to try this. thanks john. smokershavenltx lfd smokeacigar @ bloomington  indiana 
 duck with smoked  dill crusted  norwich meadows carrot  cara cara orange  and labne. 
 i smoke a box of blunts for breakfast 
 trump white house sends smoke signals urging justi... 
 @moldremmariann do you smoke custom smoke box gifts for under 20 hundreds to choose  
 @irisruthpastor do you smoke custom smoke box gifts for himher under20hundreds to choose  
 @sabusinessdirec do you smoke custom smoke box gifts for under 20 hundreds to choose  
 im just going to smoke and call it a night
 pulled smoked salmon sandwich  swedish apple pie and sparkling apple cider delicious ikea 
 harris been getting smoked all night
 lalife happyhour @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  woodland hills 
 excited to have every apothecary.labs product on the shelf at @461churchstreet cannabis culture. 
 the night me and bebo and josh smoked moonrocks i thought i was gonna die 
 tinctures and brownie mix from apothecary.labs on the shelf at @461churchstreet cannabis 
 @pnoysd i think that entire hotel was smoked out. my clothes got recked as well. but at least you had light bulbs.
 test smoke alarms at least once a month using the test button. nbaw2017 aba iaff
 how did we not know about this drug test we smoked yesterday. dude we smoked in the car this morning.
 maybe tonight i can get a full nights sleep. last night it was a chirping smoke alarm at 3am.
 realizing that @partythieves is 21 apparently amp now i cant gotbh no one is as excited as me  smoke u out after ur show roll through 
 you smoke katy you wouldnt be my client anyway 
 im so blunt you could smoke my truth
 apparently i smoked out the entire bottom floor of my house....  woops
 moments before this they smoked bathsalts 
 shoulda hit me today shit i smoked had me loaded for like 8 hours 
 my week in summary the s e c o n d i got into bed tonight the smoke alarm started beeping 
 i wanna start a cannabis org
 this was the last day i ever smoked weed  
 7 days a week 7 different freaks but i got tired of fuking hoes so i just smoke amp count this cheese
 a glass of wine  a bowl of weed. potato  potato.
 smoked my last blunt but now i want to smoke more lol
 good weed white wine i come alive in the night time..
 @fnhandaplate u gotta start using smoked garlic my nigga amp real oyster sauce ..adds another layer of complexity.....
 late night drives n smokin weed to some good ass music
 @johnhaisman4 you trying to smoke a late night bowl
 i just smoked this scion from the green to my block 
 smoked myself into a weed comma last night
 @marladida is pretty clever. this is the fun guy pizza. smoked mushrooms  ricotta  shallots amp 
 hot style  fresh from the smokehouse getwild handcrafted beefjerky @ wild joes beef jerky 
 happy wednesday  lunch special  smoked gouda and chicken wrap 7.99 with side of house made 
 our smoked salmon scrambler is made with cream cheese  red onion  tomato  and smoked salmon try 
 @bruvs just finished the first chapter of reefer madness and my gosh what a read very insightful  thanks for the recommendation
 @michaelcoren star 500th anniversary of reformation... uh  what day of the week was that  michael  battery low on your smoke detector
 @livekelly if theres a green light on anything...im wide awake all night hotels are the worse they are on the tv  smoke detector  grrr
 trump white house sends smoke signals urging justice kennedy to resign  via @dailycaller
 stumbled across some regular and barrel aged wicked weed french toast this morning.  limit 1 
 i should have smoked last night
 vinny nobody has ever overdosed on cannabis.
 i smoked too many blunts last night 
 i smoked the morning of my mouth swab drug test and i still passed  aint god good  
 @tylercardona40 @neilsofranec pretty sure i smoked both you guys at tcs once. undefeated
 a k9 unit dog just walked past me and i wonderful if he can smell that i smoked last night. like  how strong is his nose
 wednesday feels like a good day for wings so here ya go. house smoked buffalo wings with fries 
 the meatball feature is so tasty we find it hard to not steal off each others plates  with a smoked tomato sauce  
 honey from cannabis  
 nearly a hundred people rally at the wv state captiol in support of legalizing marijuana 
 alexandria 1 smoked barbequed beef rib  2 sides 12.89 soup of the day baked potato
 slow smoked rib tips lightly tossed in our house bbq sauce  @ ravenswood q 
 @drhiphops @acertilman youd get smoked if we ran routes...there wouldnt even be a chance for pi
 today at domenics of waltham.  bbq beef  slow braised beef  smoked gouda cheese  on scratch made 
 thick cut smokehouse bacon sizzling away in our artisan fire pizza oven. were shooting our 
 some packs just be rough on ya throat for no reason  that dry weed
 im at nower naturally smoked meats in montral  qc 
 talontamer doing a deadlift dropset with chains back is smoked. 
 so smoked holy kush in a dream with jesus once. he had on sweats and a tshirt which was funny but i woke up fried that morning. 
 i smoked holy kush with jesus in a dream once. he was wearing sweatpants and a tshirt which was funny but i woke up fried that morning. 
 wet burnt ends drippin  brisket burnt ends smoked with stl sweet bbq. chedda cheese  tobacco onions  pickles  hon 
 todays special smoked brisket panini and italian white bean and spinach soup see you soon 
 wh considering ban on smoked fish. support from pickled fish growing. 
 box of dutch   box of magnums  running right through it all we do is smoke and fuck  smoke and fuck
 work call...colleague girl  drink yourself some tea. you sound like a chain smoker. meif you had our refs last night  you would too.
 fresh off the smoker  8 cut  hickory smoked rotisserie style chickens now available for your 
 jerk wings with love @ the smoke house 
 preparing for snowmaggedon tomorrow bbq lifeisgood worldclassbbq brisket @ bears smokehouse 
 5star smoked chicken amp beef short ribs @ chez kipnis 
 good stuff again today @honkytonkkidbbq in waco. the smoked meatball sub is the special of the day. 
 the rangers announce that lockhart smokehouse will be part of the texas live development in arlington. 
 this weed i bought of a chef is 
 dagwood day capicola  smoked bacon  salami on tuscan with blue cheese  caramelized onion  hummus  pickled jalapenos amp greens numefood
 smooth like  weedmuah  
 this hickory smoked salmon from ruby tuesdays .
 last night i smoked a joint with my best friend  we found ourselves and then when i woke up he was gone
 .@davidmakovsky abu mazen in his 80s  smokes 2 packs of cigarettes a day
 restaurant night 2nite strip steak  salmon  crab carbonara  marinated portobello mushroom  and smoked bbq chicken
 a happy reminder of my daddy southerngirl friedpie memories @ burges hickory smoked turkeys 
 you can only be as good as the fuel you put in your body smoked trout salad with cashews  goji  
 happy humpday celebrate the sprint to the weekend with me today at 4pm pacific on the weed 
 @vitaag @toomuchfiness the ppl i smoked thought they had pressure but really didnt
 excellent tray of smoked meats and scratch made sides from the good folks of @oakwoodbbq today 
 @divaqbbq hey diva have you ever smoked turkey wings before
 smoked whitfish toast  smoked bacon almonds  tuna poke gordonfoodservice conceptkitchen 
 tonights first prize is an awesome shock top grill amp smoker warm up your brains.  plus 5 
 whats all this mccanns bacon and iron smoke whiskey parade day at the penthouse...3.11.17 
 happy wings wednesday its 50 off all house smoked wings all evening long every week we even 
 lunch  buckwheat crepes with smoked salmon and roe. poached egg and hollandaise put it over the 
 cold smoke and cold beer with my sweetie at the alpine cabin  bridger bowl. @ bridger bowl 
 @joetrippi why joe  way in the weeds. 30 yrs norms change. youve been kinda skewed for a couple days now.
 cologne  weed  shoes  wicked wings 
 lunch for the day avocado and smoked salmon toast cleaneating healthyliving foodie 
 delicious delicious @esparklearning team kickoff lunch @ green street smoked meats  
 with your gorgeous self inside @lexusbradbury shouldnt that be a hottel hope the smoke detectors work theres de 
 black thoughts and marijuana its karma 
 tonight... smoked wings  beer  fun. bredgourmet bred brewsatbred getbred boston dorchester 
 house smoked brisket with candied peppers pickled onion and queso fresco .  hopslam on tap 
 i havent smoked in a week im about to be fried as hell boi gtgtgtgtg
 dont let winterstormniko stop you from smoking your fav foods. grab a propane tank amp our 44 propane smoker gtgt 
 tonights offthemenuwednesdays special from the kitchen  smoked duck and cheese stuffed 
 nearly 2 tons of marijuana in fake limes seized in texas 
 the worst thing ever is a smoke detector that needs a battery change
 bbq with the fam @ rollin smoke barbeque ll 
 captainsplatter @ seabolts smokehouse 
 fried salmon is everything @ seabolts smokehouse 
 tonights offthemenuwednesdays special from the kitchen  smoked duck and cheese stuffed 
 chicken and double smoked bacon rotini  all tossed in a creamy alfredo sauce  served with a starter caesar salad  18.99
 fresh smoked mac amp cheese straight from the grill to your plate. call us for your next event. we 
 me an tori have had some of the craziest nights we have drank lean an smoked together an got locked in a house for 6 hours
 tonights offthemenuwednesdays special  arancini stuffed with smoked duck and cheese. crispy 
 new on the menu a big freakin meatball made with smoked chicken  maytag  and mint served on 
 caught 2 ws ina row so now i smoke another
 my creation.  bbq smoked duck. 
 well im not buying cigarettes no more  bought my first pack since june and i gave away more than i smoked and them shits are over 8 now
 is that cheddar cheese weed  
 last night i smokes something called rocky mountain high and wrote 17 stanzas of slam poetry aimed at chipotle.
 caffeine team   come and see us at bob ton ltoys lighthouse smokehouse tonight @ 7p free @ 
 i smoked on the beach today
 i took apart my drawer and found weed...what did i do to deserve this
 my roommate made the smoke alarm go off 3 times just making baked mac n cheese. how even....
 tonight a warm salad for @knees40  featuring grilled chops amp homemade smoked chutney wonionsapples amp tomatoes. 
 please make sure check your smoke detector amp carbon monoxide detector in your home to test out before the storm begins tomorrow. quincyma
 chef bobs homemade keg smokers. @ golden nugget hotel amp casino 
 @jimwalker13 @mjsloan84 right now we have a smoked gouda where i work. its 
 rapini  peppers  smoked homemade sausage  tomatoes. prior to the 
 getting fish for moms  @ big als smokehouse bbq in dallas  tx 
 hallmark channel with smoked oysters and ritz crackers lol
 and last time i smoked gas  i almost crashed a whip
 @keshafan216 is eating smoked salami rn im grossed out
 my weed and my cigs  they comfort me.
 idk if i smoked marijuana or weed. 
 i smoked way too much today.
 apparently claim 52 makes a we smoked it all stout.
 chef kyles smoked salmon dish from @snbvancouver as part of ediblemuseum of food and wine. paired with 
 went for bbq tonight with the lads and now all i smell is of bbq and smoked meat 
 @suenaa truth where the weed man at
 coming soon to @bobbysdeerfield. our version of the classic croque madame sandwich. smoked ham  
 pow  new set for our steak smoked german butter potatoes  charred eggplant pure  kale chips  braised endive 
 im so sad monty didnt get the weed. the100
 remember in high school when all of the woke pothead kids preached that weed was a cure for cancer lol
 on @voxdotcoms great weeds pod w @ezraklein @sarahkliff amp @mattyglesias you can be sure that matt will always inflect up  intelligently
 theyve got wicked weed  dark ages @ perrys liquor in athens  ga 
 deadass gonna go buy a heartshapped grilled chicken platter with some chickfila sauce and smoke all night on vdays 
 alone at a restaurant w a jar of sauerkraut and a half smoked joint in a ziploc bag that im hiding under my seat
 do you smoke custom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 do you smoke custom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 business card holder custom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 @truckerdm 4 door. but blandford also said he had 810 beers that night amp smoked weed. up to jury to decide if it was the same truck
 i smoked a box of blunts fa breakfast 
 today was the i smoked the green on green day amp got my ass suspended for 92 days. happy kwaj day 
 clouding up the video shoot up with smoke  designerhighdenver wheresthefun  denverweed 
 respekt my weed night bed time or get hit bihhhhhh
 who has a blunt and wants to get smoked out  
 the last blunt ill ever smoke
 my roommate noticed today that my weed jar was empty and gave me more  this bowl is 4 u
 miss these guys  oysters with smoked mandarin orange @binchoyaki  . . . oysters sacramento 
 @haileyjohnsonf depends how long its been since they last smoked
 bonfires over arizona call for grilled pia mules with hints of delightful smoke 
 the platters  smoke gets in your eyes 
 cant relate the first time i smoked w my dad he rolled smoked amp went to bed  
 met a new chick  smoked some good weed and listened to some music...party continues at silvas out in sc yes yes it does 
 our pitmaster made another stuffed meatloaf tonight and smoked it. were doing some taste 
 @therealjmallo i just smoked my last blunt 
 late night smokes 
 you know the obamas had to have smoked a bowl the night @realdonaldtrump was elected. and every night since
 been up since 230am. cleaned my room. now its time for a smoke break amp fifa.
 wakes and smokes in the cold about a pack a week her goodness her pouts her long  moving grace broken hearts cinnamon toast.
 snowstorm got my essentials for snow day...beer  smokes  food and more beer
 pack your patience on 290 this morning. drive times over 90 minutes from bauer to 610. hempstead hwy is your alternate. @fox26houston
 @ii412nelloii if it was legal to smoke dope in the nfl i wouldnt be in this mess. 
 mother nature smoked a pipe of crack cocaine last night.   it was 60 outside less than 24 hours ago 
 happy i didnt smoke yesterday 
 ppl were calling me last night and i was so out of it. benadryl amp weed  dont do it lol
 just smoke and roll a blunt with @designerhigh designerhighdenver wheresthefun denverweed 
 one of my favourite things to eat smoked salmon with cream cheese on bagel. i can never get 
 we was smoke out last night  
 50 shades darker  smoke  amp bdubs date w litttle bae  tonight should be decent 
 working overnight in this snowstorm... but i have weed. 
 love how my developmental psych class always smells like someone smoked 4 packs of cigs before they walked in 
 getcho ass smoked if you droppin the l
 so @starbucks i have always been pleased with my daily purchase but yesterday i bought a smoked butterscotch latta and it was awful 12
 i remember back when i smoked  me and @dloud710 smoked a 90 keef blunt and this is how we were after lmao 
 myths about driving high on weed. talk to your teens  students and friends. prevention grotonprevents drugfree 
 we got home last night  smoked a blunt and assed the fuck out and that was the best sleep of my life lmao
 had to smoke a bone out in the snow at work and had flashbacks to winter near deaths outside with @redthechef
 morgan freeman smokes weed so weed is god approved  
 jim stafford sings wildwood weed branson  mo   
 jim stafford sings wildwood weed branson  mo   
 @kurteichenwald isnt all this a smokescreen hiding business conflict of interest   lack of transparacy that is now relegated to back pages
 outwest weed made me tap out mid 1st blunt  i cannot 
 fuck last night was to on chillin w the ceos smoking weed n drinking brewski
 listen to live radio interview w prof robert schwartz on why we have to take the smoke out of dope @otrunews 
 happy national bagel amp lox day pc foodydirect sablesnyc @ sables smoked fish 
 @vampiramonster billy was about to offer the chicken a last smoke before its execution  but thought what the hell its chicken.
 i got drunk and smoked mad blunts last night but really i would rather have been cuddled up watching movies and drinking hot chocolate 
 ham caramelized onion and smoked gouda omelette today at @mothersbistro amp bar  
 what ever weed we got last night was some straight kill.
 ooh looking rough out there well  since ur prolly down to ur last nug of weed cop a loosie under the jmz and a bodega plastic wrap hamburger
 stopping off for a proper lunch in asheville @ wicked weed brewing 
 snow and smoke
 yeah i smoked like 4 gs then i ate three edibles and then i went to splash town and passed out.  a sophomore on the trip im chaperoning
 i only smoked weed once a day when i was pregnant with you my mother
 snow day with t  weed and movies 
 i wish i had some weed for this snow day lol
 bbq lunch @ kennys smokehouse in plano  tx 
 i was in downtown manhattan on 911 engulfed in black smoke amp fearing death. it didnt turn me into a bigot. 
 @gozergozarion and if a remember   you dont cotton to weed. where are you from with this reference to cotton p
 i got up at 5 just to smoke and then i crashed again
 im at bone daddys house of smoke in lubbock  tx 
 pandalicious @ wildwood smokehouse amp grill 
 even though i got high af last night im still tryna smoke rn
 i slept so fkn good last night ... imma smoke this weed then conquer the world 
 i smoke alotta a gas  drank alotta syrup  did alotta dirt  flipped alotta work
 @droakley1689 so confused as to which is the top dog  f22 or f35. the f22 was what smoked everything a few yrs ago in mock battles.
 there is seriously something wrong with me. i stayed up till 5 last night and i smoked. smoking usually works
 tasting room flatbread charred smoked andouille pimento cheese  poblano shaved red onion @ 
 what is this thing you call a snow day its just another day in paradise. @ smoke shop bbq 
 death by secondhand smoke psu edition
 got tix for ediblemuseum popup tonight enjoy tourtire  risotto  smoked salmon amp nanaimo bar. plus wine. 
 christian smoked me out before work today and i dont think i have ever been able to keep conversation with customers until today
 @ybsouthern open face chicken salad sandwich. if you like smoked chicken well then you will love 
 @xovision all i want is that smoke  last week was my rough week im still drippin down from my nose
 crispy deviled eggs  smoked paprika  sriracha aioli tonights special bigly badhombres 
 ive been so shot all last night and today. def cause i smoked and im not a smoker 
 @ravenforbeer unfortunately only the wicked weed recurrant this week. hoping for next week.
 im at spencers smokehouse amp bbq in oklahoma city  ok 
 fuel for me... @ oakridge smokehouse restaurant in schulenburg  tx  
 i got so excited because i thought i saw my weed guy pulling up to my house but it was the mailman and ive never experienced such emotion
 first time i bought some weed i was sold
 refunds done drop so yakwtgo   we rolling up all night   all you can smoke  liq  tonight only move  
 had a late lunch with a half smoked turkey salad sandwich.. never 
 happy national pizza day  the loxza with smoked salmon and double cream cheese 
 montel williams to debut own medicalmarijuana brand also getting lifetime achievement award for cannabis work 
 lmao the white dad amp son probably smoked together before  
 best cheeseboard and smoked trout ever...buffalo nickel did well 
 orange smoke billowing from the white house.
 want to try a light  delightful dish tonight at sckmidtown order the bourbon cured smoked 
 @nikkicigfiend do you smoke weed
 @realdonaldtrump among the weeds in the garden is @sandyhookhoax . expose it amp shadow govt ends. @insanemedia1  creme de la creme.
 just got asked to be on a panel at the ssdp2017 conference in portland to represent hemp yes plsssssss 
 the other day when my mom alina and i were out she started the convo w the last time i smoked weed
 zip party tonight refunds done drop so yakwtgo   we rolling up all night   all you can smoke  liq 
 you just smoked kid  
 snowday accomplishments 3 loads of laundry  shoveling  cleaned bathroom  taxes done  smoked my pipe  drank some bourbon todaywasagoodday
 sharks out here getting smoked.
 more nationalpizzaday eats big pineapple  marinara sauce amp cheese   fresh pineapple  smoked bacon   fresh toma 
 holy hell as if i couldnt make my paodequeijo any better i just did some smoked paprika and roasted garlic a notha level boom
 that feeling as you see the smoke rise from the pcb just before you pack up to go pitch. sinkingfeeling.
 we are about to finally legalize weed in  this is going to generate tons of revenue for our provinces amp the feds too org crime is toast
 cheers to you for crushing that huge smoked meat platter  
 nickconticooking snowstorm  spaghetti. smoked speck. shiitake mushroom. con pepe marscapone  sauce  parmesan for 
 today i made friends with an older patient at the dispo who hadnt smoked in 15 years. bought some wax nd i killed that bitch  millennials
 @tuckercarlson you are getting smoked by your own guest discussing this ban.
 great performance by the rhythm amp roses tonight @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery 
 i smoked my last blunt  this beer jus gone have to do
 so quirky the joke here is that weed is for adults and easy bake ovens are for kids whaddya know that sure i 
 berry smoked the layup
 deep fried cauliflower with smoked paprika aioli @chewiesoysters deepfriedcauliflower 
 oh  yeah. that soup  smoked gouda on toast  snow day heaven. 
 brisket and beer yes please drinklocal austin bbq beer @ uncle billys smokehouse amp brewery 
 you cook up some fries  drizzle some cheese  chop up some bacon  smoke out some pork and top it 
 cant wait to smoke this fuente don carlos edicion de aniversario 2008 
 @xmisshayesx spoken like pure jealousy of my smoked meats. delicious smoked meats
 can we talk about these smoked wings hooters has though.....
 51of the people cant recall the last tint they smoked meth 
 51of the people cant recall the last last they smoked meth 
 big tanks at wicked weed asheville ashevillenc @wickedweedbeer nc northcarolina craftbeer 
 @vmedinaaxoo you wouldnt know since you never smoke with us
  bampc melrose bbq specials today  smoked salmon  smoked ribs  amp nachos come see us @ 2617 franklin pike 
 last day to catch this wks food feature...the oklahoma slaw dog is topped with smoked  pulled pork  fresh coleslaw 
  bampc market bnq specials today  smoked salmon  smoked ribs  amp grits come see us for lunch  
 brisket po boy  smoked brisket  white bbq sauce  lettuce  tomato  pickle on toasted hoagie simple delicious 
 when bae takes you on a super special smoke stack tour that involves 10 and beers at 10 in the 
 made in s.a. on the road new braunfels smokehouse celebrates 71 years of hickory smoked meats. 
 my first night at work i had a beer chugging contest with the bartender  got free weed and got two free beers after my shift. i can dig 
 legit one of the best cheese steaks ive ever had johnbrown cheesesteaks @ john brown smokehouse 
 currently fanning my smoke detector continuously to keep it from going off until my sourdough is out of the oven 
 my plans for the day are to smoke lots of weed and drink a whole bottle of wine  then possibly go out for some late night dancing. 
 grilled cheese sandwich with smoked tomato soup on special this weekend at mr. benny foodcartspdx brunch nepdx 
 tgstudiocity smoked albacore sandwich  capers  eggs  butter lettucetendergreens studiocity 
 boy them pain killers put me straight to sleep iforgot to smoke my blunt last night
 jay elec can smoke 85 of all rappers today  remember i told you that
 comfortinn goodforyou. as of january 1  2017  both the comfort inn and comfort suites is 100 smokefree hotel brand in u.s. amp canada.
 ill be here all weekend. @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 nina low key smoked a whole pack of cigs last night
 montreal smoke meat  @ reubens deli amp steakhouse 
 tonights my last smoker as an undergrad 
  our egg  in a jar dish    who knew smoke and poached egg made sense.  @ scout at 
 were celebrating valentines day by gifting you roost smart batterys amp smoke alarms for 14 off at 
 communism is a dried smoked fish 
 smoke is gt snow every time. barlisamarie grilling up our smoked argentinian steaks with charred 
 outchea getting snubbed from delicious smoked meats by my own father.  
 i just finished vaping some sweet smelling cannabis oil and it lingered as some people saw and raised the bid on my house by 40 000. sweet
 oh its going down tomorrow night at the ivy city smokehouse join me  @giraffeseye along with 
 lets smoke this reefer lieutenant.
 wicked weed iron lady black ipa now available in bottles.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 wicked weed barrel aged french toast now available in bottles.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 went in to my drug test and was told to empty my pockets... pulled out some weed and passed that hoe 
 long weekend we are thinking tacos we have 3 for 9 plus a special of smoked ancho chilli with pico de gallo  fet 
 maplewood smoked turkey wings  bbqdetroit detroit barbecue barbeque eat meat turkey 
 made some smoked salmon eggs benedict with hand whisked hollandaise sauce for mi mama this 
 @bobbydsbbqks ribs  pulled pork  smoked cheeseburger... it doesnt matter what you order  its all good. dont forget the cheesy potatoes
 new tonight grilled shrimp  white bean pure  herb salad  smoked paprika  crushed almonds. 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in culver city  ca 
 1. trump wants special red meat for social conservatives  they hate weed.  2. trump needs a backroom deal with pharma.  connect the dots.
 roost grilled escarole salad  roasted cucumber and beets  burger with smoked gouda cheese sauce and tomato relish  
 wicked weed pernicious ipa now available on tap.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 sos the bus im on rn smells like weed  mcdonalds french fries  and cheap ass strong ass body spray. im gonna hurl 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in culver city  ca 
 @williamshatner you were my first hollywood crush and now you have smoked meats you once again my 1
 sizzlin hot maple chipotle hempeh bacon. . . so easy  panfry plain hempeh or tempeh until 
 im at werners smokehouse bar b que  @wernersbbq in jeffersonville  oh 
 is there even any good weed in bangor hahahahaha
 an incredible seasonal salad from the kitchen smoked king salmon  beet  radicchio  marmalade  meyer lemon join us t 
 i remember the last time i smoked i was stuuuuupid smacked amp i ordered dominoes amp i stood like 10 mins trying to decide how much to tip lmao
   food porn alert    come on in yall and try our southern fried smoked stl pork steak 
 tonights hog plate... chicken fried smoked pork steak whos hungry yall micdrop 
 ive done drugs. i didnt enjoy anything other than marijuana  it should be legalized. megan fox 
 curious but how many of yall have smoked the marijuanas
 yes i am high. ripped. smoked a blunt on the drive in. thingsneveradmittedtotheboss
 grizzlies  buffalo chicken nachos  smoked curry wings  lots of beer and 50 oysters at the oyster bar for another h 
 come try our smoked salmon chips  @sambaloca1 @fedeleogimenez sambaloca 
 day two of demos. using this awesome immersion circulator plus tank. using @eatfishyvr smoked 
 shamus cafe dinner menu naanyo bbq flatbread smokey bbq sauce with bacon and ham and spinach 
 cracker sushi... @ patricks smokehouse amp beer emporium 
 so mcclain had knee surgery today and apparently she smoked a pound of weed and is becoming a stripper 
 cant ever pass up good bbq @ the proper pig smokehouse 
 tgif  how do you like your fries with venison chili amp smoked gouda or with garlic amp harissa aioli happy hour 
 mildly smoky tart cherry. so sort of a beer manhattan.... smuttlabs smoked cherry short weisse 
 i swear just give me my wine weed amp food im good 
 @breckbrew  mango mosaic  briquettessmokehouse @ briquettes smokehouse 
 honestly i wouldnt change my life for anything  love being carefree  and working in the cannabis industry. just awesome
 @influenstervox @lauramercier smokey eye 
 bbq southcarolina  @ midwood smokehouse  columbia  sc 
 @headway10  i was all over it  like green on grass.   then i smoked the grass.
 just made me a smoked turkey wit turkey sandwich with the melted cheese banger
 date night with my beauty @ lucilles smokehouse barbque in valencia  ca 
 wowww after all my weed that has been dropped  
 fish and chicken @ bootleggers modern american smokehouse in scottsdale  az  
 been up since 8pm last night. passin the weed amp sleeping for 1314 hours tonight fuhh
 tonight i went to a place called smokes poutinerie and had a chicken bacon ranch meal. didnt 
 the first time i can admit i smoked too much 
 a pack of smokes  bag of chew  some cold beer and backroads is all i need right now
 pairing bordeaux with @johnnyrebstruesouth smoked beef sans sauce. bordeaux barbecue longbeach truesouth 
 this white bitch named faith  told my boyfriend she would flash him for some weed
 i remember the first time i bought weed  
 this past week has made me wish i still smoked hella weed
 if i smoked weed yes 
 im at legal weed in ellensburg  wa 
 6pk st.luis spare ribs just hit the smoker going to be a late night smoke used @code3spices 
 thank you for an awesome smokehouse live debut  leesburg  va trippyart mountainrideband 
 when you smoke the herb it reveals you to yourself
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 had that schwartzs smoked meat tonight should be gassedup proper for the forhonor event im in town for  
 snow plows and salt trucks aint got no love for hempstead snowstorm 
 i just smoked my sister out for the first time 
 someone is blasting forever doesnt last by jasmine sullivan and smoking weed. i hope they get through this heartbreak.
 late night smoke sessions with my boyfriend are my fav
  smoked him 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 watched the eclipse tonight plus the stars made my night just missing weed
 friday night and the weed is right
 last night when i smoked that second joint i got paranoid as hell and felt like i was possessed by a demon. it was a woman and i was scared.
 aye sorry whoever bummed a smoke off me tonight and accidentally got the one spliff i was keepin in my box
 coolin down in baton rouge la money to be made and weed to be sold and smoked  ma all day
 the amazingness of hanging out with a bunch of potheads  is having your long ass hair smelling like weed after
 where smoke  fire his son is smoke. 
 i crave this salad almost daily  harvest salad from @earlsgrocery  with smoked farro  roasted 
 horse farm special today   fried chicken sandwich   steens smoked fried chicken breast with 
 eden is ready for you ottawa at bayshore shopping centre. petite cheesecake  maplewood smoked 
 i told my brother i was sad this mf goes amp smokes me tf ouuut last night
 @gbemmyg there is no recipe. i just salted and smoked it.
 this has been a horribly rough 4 weeks in my life holy smokes
 @metaglasses holy smokes  i owned on of these. nice pitcure.
 avocado toast with smoked salmon and egg  @ astoria  new york 
 have a smoke babe.
 im now selling my house smoked and molasses cured bacon by the 
 you cant make an omelette without breaking eggs  oregano  amp smoked tomato 
 rollin up the weed while i count the cake
 im so blunt you can smoke the truth
 grilled chicken sandwich  shaved turkey   smoked bacon   swiss cheese  heirloom tomato and basil aioli   best with. 
 jumbo smoked chicken wings comin off the racks hot  saturday fun smokedout wedeliver   6362651234 
 fat jack brisket mac fat tire jack cheese sauce and smoked brisket makes those rare bbq leftovers come back to 
 tots. reubens. bloodys. beer deals. going down now @ hempen hill bbq hangoverhappyhour 112pm 
 @blastinaglasss you smoked on last night you fraud ass
 get. the. wings. and. the. smoked. cheese. potatoes. andthankmelater 
 learning to smoke from todd from @cattleackbbq @ four corners 
 red cross volunteers will install free smoke amp carbon monoxide alarms in milton homes on saturday  34. link w sig 
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed tha whip
 i got a three meat pizza and some weed  so im set hahahah
 my boy are at work  dadampson time then later adult party imagine a buffet of cannabis
 strawberry cake is back tillsoldout @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery 
 last night i smoked in berkeley with people from high school
 mfs smoked a 7 last night in one blunt
 rolled a blunt last night and still havent smoked it
 chicken sausage  venison merlot  chicken chipotle  smoked duck with apple brandy and lamb 
 croutons  smoke bacon with shallot mouse  tomato jam and microgreens salad   by kyle keller 
 lost my storage grinder w weeds  amp the weeds cartidge last night 
 hot smoked salmon sliders  delicious barrelandbushel 
 i have what apparently is a smoked salmon breakfast pizza 
 i just got smoked wings from @wholefoods and they didnt taste cooked all the way 
 im at j. millers smokehouse in woodstock  ga 
 this mornings family meal was a hit. smoked fried chicken with franks  honey and the best flaky 
 smoked some good weed to lower the stress
 the brunch that was  double smoked bacon  homemade buttermilkbiscuits amp sausagegravy. prefer this to benedict 
 i didnt smoke for a week then smoked a whole pack last night i am disgusting help me
 the smoked fish dip was great. nice amount of dill. @seaworld 
 maple glazed fried donut  stuffed with smoked bone marrow pastry cream  maple bacon  duck liver mousse ice cream vi 
 saturday mood fried chicken on weed pancakes 
 @arzaylea preach it hunny xx wish my momma could of smoked weed when she had cancer would of helped her so so much xx 
 @cassiemae463 they make me feel sick if i smoke more than one a day plus i have asthma
 i lost my weed charm last night. sadface
 @proteautype trump picks palin for ambassador to canadacan only mean one thing he hates poutine and smoked meat. shameful. embarassedusa
 congratulations to miranda grim  she won free blues hockey tickets from smokehouse 61 bbq  winningwednesday 
 that washed life. smoked all day with the bros and got home at 5 pm  woke up at 10 am. i love catching up on sleep
 sat. featured panino speck  lightly smoked prosciutto  fresh mozzarella and basil pesto sauce on artisan bread. t 
 beautiful day to smoke herb. 
 bae donut bacon and egg | sweet potato cake| smoked coffee maple  chefsinspiringchefs 
 spurs fans leaving @mulliganshq after getting smoked by liverpool. thfc lfc @shalomshuli 
 smoked weed with my mom easter morning best easter ever 
 do smoke detectors ever run out of battery when people are already awake no.
 then i had the nerve to smoke last night wtf
 our pulled chicken is made from our smoked chicken quarters which include the thigh and leg of 
 the best smoked meat in town.  onlyatdunns smokedmeateveryday food eat yvr 
 avo syncro special toro @ lous smokehouse in lawrenceville  ga 
 have you smoked a qp in two hours designerhighdenver wheresthefun  denverweed 
 tonight big trouble char siu chicken. chinese spice marinated chicken  smoked fried rice with 
 smells of charred bacon. tastes of smoked meat good body and qui... vermont smoked porter  photo
 our second special tonight is a 6oz grilled certified angus beef filet including smoked 
 brisket time @ the proper pig smokehouse  @properpigbbq in lakewood  oh 
 forever posting a day late  but smoker night was a success    smokernight rushpikapp  
 i aint smoked all week
 mixed grill on the the egg. smoked sausages  meat balls and chicken with caribbean jerk rub. 
 my husband smoked a boston butt today and it was so good i almost forgot i also have his amazing mashed potatoes and cornbread on my plate.
 eating some smoked brisket and hot wings tonight. 
 eating good tonight @ bears smokehouse bbq 
 picking up a growler of smoked chile porter 
 if i didnt smoke i wouldnt get thru the week
 last nights eyeliner is todays smokey eye
 whos  getting their drink and smoke on this time of night this guy 
 live music and hemp beer at the neighborhood brewery beers brewerytour hempbeer vermontbeer 
 the inlaws are committed to barbecue 12hr smoked brisket for supper tonight. @ austin  texas 
 @itskaylabraden didnt say what i smoked
 thats really cool... and your smoke detector needs a battery.  
 brayan a real one for saving me tonight  our smoke seshs the best
 the smoke alarm was pissing me off so i took it off the wall and took the batteries out.
 1st  246 | now that is what i call a smoked meat sandwich  
 at times i wished he smoked 
 piedmont and she would have weed  
 tonights menu four cheese tortellini with smoked chicken sausage  sauted broccoli  
 columbia apartment milestone made grilled cheese and smoke detector didnt go off. augietakessc beenhere9months
 blowing smoke tobacco giant uses al sharpton  other black leaders to combat menthol restrictions no words. 
 im at lakewood smokehouse in dallas  tx 
 i have never smoked box vine
 ice chest full of beer...pack of smokes....great tunes. unwinding from a hell of a work week.
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in cerritos  ca 
 we recommend the fried green tomatoes bbq @ smoke ring 
 amuse smoked baby beets with hollandaise  trout caviar and trout nori.  the perfect start to 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 forestville 2306 box residential box apartment fire.... smoke in the basement.... 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 was this weed infused wine wtf
 im at smoke shop in playas de rosarito  baja california 
 the smokey 2017 overpowers the ba 2016. smooth but doesn... mister stout 2017  blended  photo
 i needa smoke some weed aint smoked in weeks
 i drove through this area in the pitch black last night and definitely smelled the thick smoke. 
 tasting menu for 4... 30 day dry aged ribeye  smoked wild mushrooms  house bacon @akitchenlbv 
  @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 bought a pound just to smoke it
 tequila marinated organic chicken  smoked sweet plantain mash || dinner fit for a king 
 tried to google this. @ jp23 bbq amp smokehouse 
 @freebasecatnip i also miiigt have smoked 2 blunts
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 legend. @spideranderson ufc208 @ jp23 bbq amp smokehouse 
 i just inhaled some weed smoke amp almost choke to death 
 go to a party or smoke these honey bourbons and fuck with my project
 i remember my first weed
 i got an orange and yellow wristband that says check your smoke detectors i personally think its fresh as fuck
 i havent smoked all week so im excited to pack a bowl tonight.
 if your folks forbid you to smoke  but give you 50week allowance...whos buying your cigs @stephanieorders @deliawebsterky @scottpresler
 @amberh8r false alarm i am staying another night  fuck i wanna smoke w you
 rollin weed while im drivin
 marinated for a day  dry aged for 4. smoked for 2 hours and baked for 30. amazing thanks 
 sat night mixed greens blizzy with hemper glass tip 
 to do get my mom to become a pothead so i can smoke at home
 how i smoke and have asthma
 the smoke pit is the place to be
 just ordered @silencedhippies hemper box. super excited. 
 the office is 10x funnier when youre high amp the fact that i cant smoke is bothering me... but i made this decision 
 like first off  why are you out this late and second off  what kind of old heffa calls young boys to smoke bum b
 aka just smoke and chill
 kyles smoke detector wouldnt shut the hell up  so i ripped it outta the ceiling and threw it outside. good night.
 oh yeah  ganja white night pretty good as well. 
 the abominably mystifying fallacy is in legalizing cannabis instead of declaring the controlled substances act blatantly unconstitutional
 last night at the ivy city smokehouse joicartermusic joicarter purple saturday band 
 @weberacademy weberacademy grilllog chicken marsala on 14 smokey joe using our new weber 
 lentils  brussel sprouts  kale  sweet potato  hempseeds. vegansofig plantbuilt nomeatathlete 
 i was so drunk last night apparently i let manny smoke the last cigarette without me and now its the morning and i dont fucking have one
 so to everybody that smoked with the kid last night 
 rsundy2 ordered the chicken and cakes. fried and smoked chicken  @blackberryfrm griddle cake  
 and last time i smoked gas almost crashed that  whip
 i was proud of stephen miller this morning on fox news he smoked their ass  
 its brunch time nashville and its 70 degrees how about some mimosas and our smoked chicken hash come on out and 
 a little home cured and hickoryapple smoked maple pepper bacon for breakfast bbq hickory 
 oh fuck yes my ninja turtle game came in for my gameboy advance sp time to smoke weed about it amp explore...
 why would someone have applewood smoked bacon when you can have mesquite smoked bacon
 new preppy socks great gift weship smokeholeresort @ smoke hole caverns 
 @mooncalfe1 @nataliereed84 @transcomics she also smoked an ecig. the monster
 amazing how many dont slow down in this snowy weather. we almost got smoked by pickup that ran a red light
 @oneandonlybbq do you offer smoked chicken pasta
 shit   i woke up high .. i smoked so much last night 
 still processing all the amish people at the concert last nite and the amount of cigs they smoked 
 i smoked a roach blunt this morning  it had me dummy fried 
 i had a weed lollipop last night amp that shit was so gross..not to mention didnt even get me high 
 brunch at als. omelet with red pepper  jalapeo pepper  green onions  smoked turkey and munster 
 what if weed ages like wine
 what if weed ages like wine @annab0ian
 @mcorreia12 morgan hid her weed last night and now meghan cant find it
 honey smoked salmon frittata  @ the egg amp i restaurants 
 @ivankatrump @senfranken @potus @chrismurphyct @senmikelee @randpaul she is not so innocent.  he is smoke screening again
 reuben pumpernickel smoked turkey brunch brooklyn 
 whats for lunch yall have you tried our smoked chicken sandwich yum bbq @ new market bbq 
 excited to smoke amp watch the grammys tonight 
 sunday soup special  @driscollfarms smoked ham soup  roasted red pepper ham broth  wild rice amp grilled onion bread 
 they brought it back to the menu smoked salmon amp collard greens eggs florentine 
 i dumped a jar of weed in my pants last night lol
 homemade huevos rancheros with a side of potato pancakes topped with a dill spread and smoked salmon 
 @ilyariiii smoked troutsweet potato hash then i put avocado on top 
 @koolnewsbracken the free pizza was bbq smokehouse which will be avi. soon
 whats the over under for how much the knicks get smoked by today
 we smoke all day but in your bitch all night before work and tonight its the same shit going on
 breaks my heart every time. everyone please remember to check you smoke alarm batteries. 
 son i smoked for the first time in like 4 months last night  omg i was weak
 in dons kitchen  we love simple smoked salmon creations  like these smoked salmon rye snacks 
 whooooooo wantsssss to smokeeeeeee
 beef ribs on the smoker today. retribution dinner for a bull giving my dad the business yesterday loading cattle. 
 smokin texas weed  sippin texas beer
 weekend hunting trip.  should have some smoked sausage in a couple weeks. 
 house smoked brisket breakfast sliders with french fries.   yummy brunch  smokethatmeat 
 lowkey been thinking about starting to smoke that loud pack again 
 still in shock the lyft driver smoked me up last night 
 had a horrible dream that there was kangaroo meat in my weed.
 i never smoked. not even shesha
 @wvgovernor if you want to jump start the economy  legalize marijuana and release all nonviolent marijuana related inmates.
 on valentines day well be featuring a smoked chicken orecchiette in a gorgonzola cream pasta along with a molten c 
 death to smoke alarm batteries dying and making me go out in public on sunday.
 cold brew 2 clif bars lots of weed in bed space heater on snow emergency classes cancelling sunday heaven
 my hair smells like smoke from the bonfire last night 
 holy smokes happy bday @buddupree we share the same special day.  
 bros mustve known i smoked that eighth to oblivion lol.
 @slgridiron for my birthday brunch delicious homemadefood mother marys smoked salt rim 
 guss bbq is now open hell be here to 8pm serving up his todays special smoked turkey legs. 
 omnomonnom totally worth the food ribs chicken  @ the smokery kitchen amp bar 
 and they get smoked today... what a day 
 stigmabase | am   for hispanic and latino smokers  quitting is about family and culture  for hispanic and latino 
 stigmabase | am   for hispanic and latino smokers  quitting is about family and culture  for hispanic and latino 
 stigmabase | am   for hispanic and latino smokers  quitting is about family and culture  for hispanic and latino 
 cleveland girls all got gaps and sound like that smoke 4 boxes of newports a day 
 the perfect sunday familyday to be outdoors for a beer and a smoke.  diamondcrown maximus 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 so to the last 3 valentines days i wasted like 300 bucks that i could have bought weed with
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 @alvinlindsay21 custom  bic cases smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  
 meat and smoke  247. @ fletchers brooklyn barbecue 
 yesterday was a oh god why did i drink so much and smoke so much kinda night...
 fried chicken  fried pork chops smothered in cream of mushroom  fried cabbage with beef smoked sausage  homemade macaronicheese and rolls
 cooling off. @ frey smoked meat co. 
 we smoke os in the whip
 @diplo weedmaps my guy
 smoked salmon and smoked mac n cheese @ austin  texas 
 my mom is yelling at the smoke detector 
 smoking up some chicken for a valentines day special. watch out for more smoked food specials coming up smoking 
 @redshedtally can confirm this  but just this thursday they accidentally made a smoked cheese potato dish that 
 if chain smokers have a grammy nectar needs like 600
 yeah  the pan seared salmon whickory smoked bacon chowder gets a snacksociety full thumbs up 
 sunday afternoon @cafedusoleilsf  spanish tortilla w smoked salmon amp mixed greens. nomnom 
 @lipstickncurls and i did a valentines date night in it involves smoked gouda and lobster mashed potatoes  
 and the chicken wings i got in the smoker are the best advertisement not to be flavor 
 ive felt ill all weekend and i was wondering why but then i remembered that i love drugs and i smoked half a cigar the other nite
 got smoked at go fish by my grandson james 
 cold smoked some cheese today. kerrygoldirl dubliner and @tillamookcheese  sharp cheddar on my 
 photo a himba woman anointing herself with the smoke of aromatic herbs 
 @ganjawhitenight met an all white cat last night named ganja white cat
 no matter the placement  smoke put out 2 of our best routines this weekend and i couldnt be more proud to be a champion 
 cosy sunday supper with leahprhc. smoked paprika roast chicken rowefarms @urbanbulk 
 preciso   bestmojito  @ cityrub smokehouse 
 smoking weed and binge watching shameless  snow day complete
 happyhourwithmom smoked sable fish amp sheringhamgin victoria britishcolumbia @ devonian 
 i just raced some dude in my new car and i smoked him
 literally ate my weed last night 
 also from weeatin today  a burger with beercheddar cheese  bacon pardons amp smoked  salted 
 maple smoked chicken smokedchicken maplesmoked maplesmokedchicken trinitybellwoods bbq 
 housemade cheese amp trout ravioli with smoked trout ravioli paired w joyce saison at @briarcommon   oh my. 
 another delicious sandwhich  yum. . .  slow roasted cured roast beef 5  honey smoked 
 snow day  movies  smoke  and food  quer mais o qu 
 here i am driving in a snowstorm to get a bag of weed.
 advice for everyone do not smoke before you move boxes on and off a moving truck  in and out a house etc
 this was everybody when they first smoked lol 
 last time i was sober from weed was like 7years ago 
 you can thank the white girls that smoke corn with the arts and craft stuff glued on their faces for boosting chainsmokers into a grammy.
 guess this shall b my official last smoke of the vacation back to routine tomorrow 
 the urge to drink and smoke heavily has been rising lately.  i gave in last night drinking till i almost blacked out. im losing control.
 @amyfreeze i dont know  queen amy. just keep a fresh battery in the smoke detector to escape the blaze. @mcharlesworth7 @robnelsonabc7
 poutine  smoked meat sandwiches  baguette hotdogs  and montreal craft all stack up to make the biggest food coma of all time.
 nah but i smoked a blunt of that arlington kush last night... 
 fucc the grammys              im tryna smoke a grammy
 valentines day i work all night and after will smoke gtgt
 i bought a pound just to smoke it
 when you bought her food smoked her out and still aint smashed 
 last night smoked an l but tonight i smoked crack
 i just smoked 4 cigs in a row wtf
 these niggas smoked my weed ...im hot
 theres crackheads and men that smoke blacks in my mentions and on that note  im going to sleep.
 bogies in the weeds. not squawking. 
 @michael24j they replaced faulty smoke detector amp stuff   my fault cooking amp falling asleep   lol   no fire  detector be nice to keep it 
 i dead ass only smoked 2 ls yesterday ..
 i smoked like 13 blunts today 
 rounds of @craftdistillers low gap whiskies  brilliant live music amp 5 course dinner with this fantastic smoked stu 
 @casssieyoung remember when u were home from college and i told you i know its so easy to get bfs haha glad we smoked that night 
 first time i bought some weed i was sold
 @asklyft my name is brian lauter 7736478017 i was rejected for a 8 yrs old felony for marijuana distribution i thought over 7 yrs was ok
 bbq smoked chicken tacos with greek salad and white vinegar slaw. @ buda  texas 
 red velvet whoopie with sour cream  cream cheese buttercream  and smoked 
 monday morning breakfast. latte  toast  and a few slices of apple smoked cheddar. 
 @sethwano i imagine after his first performance you just smoked a cig amp passed out.
 1alarm house fire early monday am. 800 block of posthorn in manchester. 4 patients transported because of smoke. w 
 @eaterchs @shortgraintruck the  bonein egg rollswere perfect and the broccoli with smoked oyster mayo was very 
 my mouth taste like weed but i havent smoked since yesterday morning 
 i had a great time with smokey robinson this past weekend 
 in case you guys didnt know  @chilis has the best smoked wings.  i had them twice in one day this weekend.
 i just had fresh smoked grouper for breakfast with my friends mark amp rachel biterestaurant in 
 good city stadt smoked lager now available on tap.  @goodcitybrewing beermenus
 @cannavibez i smoke two trees in the morning i smoke two trees at night
 you ever had so much weed u puked  i did last night. resin is potent af btw
 join old blue bbq and @runpacers at @portcitybrew today for joggers amp lagers on todays menu duck ham  smoked win 
 still dreaming about breakfast yesterday from @townehouserest  a smoked salmon scramble. so 
  how to know if you should go to the doctor  why is my smoke detector chirping  can you eat expired 
 breakfast starter of smoked trout amp accoutrements  @tastynalder @ tasty n alder 
 the smell wouldnt last an hour with me around esp aftr am weed 
 i asked the waitress at waffle house one time if the cook smoked before they cooked my food and she got offended 
 king city  hanging out at smokers corner 
 woke up with a headache and smoked until it was gone.
 10 minutes late to class this morning and my lighter ran out  so i havent smoked in a couple hours. todays off to a great start..
 ever smoked a blunt in a abandon house 
 how much more pleasant would tori lahron be if she smoked weed 
 salmon croquettes  leek remoulade  charred cabbage slaw  smoked black pepper. suggested  pairing  
 salmon croquettes  leek remoulade  charred cabbage slaw  smoked black pepper. suggested  pairing  
 im single so ill probably just get some crab legs and smoke backwoods all day tomorrow
 here with the goods  today fried brussels  smoked chicken spinach wrap  pokpok style wings .and lots more foodie 
 this @caldwellcigars lasttsar is one awesome smoke  monday be damned  nowsmoking 
 last night i had a dream my bf made me smoke weed with him and i was higher than a mf kite 
 i smoked with some girl and she had fresh lipstick on so i ended up wearing lipstick today
 we smoked like 7 blunts yesterday i could bitter
 i smoke out the gram your jays just b boney...
 just smoked a trash can on bristol and saw a chevy with a cummins logo todays gonna be a good day
 ew babe just smoked and we were kissing and now i feel like i smoked a whole pack 
 just smoked tobacco pipe with my professor
 i hate daiya cheese but the daiya smoked gouda is so good wtf
 i smoked all day yesterday  still got my hw done tho
 @ladyjaay but didnt say anything me this morning  probably smoked it lol
 brisket  ribs  and smoked chicken @dallaslockhart. good stuff today. @ lockhart smokehouse 
 arturo fuente hemingway short story natural. always the perfect short smoke @afuentecigars 
 on set today making tv amp eating all the delicious smoked salmon beet latkes  @ 
 event alert wicked weed keg release at the beer growler winstonsalem on feb 25th  @beergrowlerws @wickedweedbeer
 just smoked a nice mallard duck in the minivan...
 im at randys smokehouse amp bbq in new boston  tx 
 who wants to smoke my last blunt with me today 
 this weeks offmenu combo smoked pork sandwich with brie  pickled green tomatoes  and curry 
 wing night starts at 4pm enjoy 70 house smoked wings all night 
 monday burger and brew special is a bbq bacon cheeseburger with smoke onion rings paired with 
 alaskan smoked porter now available on tap.  @alaskanbrewing tavern101bc beermenus
 @lanesanity was this the night he tried to smoke a pen
 i want this weed in my mouth
 your food is one element that you have total control over. my lunch here sprinkled with hemp 
 just bought my hemper box im so excited to get it and see all of the cool things i got 
 last night i was smoking weed and i almost died laughing   
 guys important news for all my friends in the edm industry or weed smokers  last nights family guy peter plays a dj
 213 catch oven roasted sea bass  whipped sweet potatoes amp smoked bacon  sauted french beans  
 213 catch oven roasted sea bass  whipped sweet potatoes amp smoked bacon  sauted french beans  
 best. brisket and wings. ever @ smoke bbq 
 gettin head rollin up my weed   yeaa 
 trying out smoked tempeh burger with avacado and sweet potato fries  vegan
 mommas smoked wings are hard to beat bbq 
 performing the banger backwards feat. smoked out tov amp cool money rich live at 
 e68 @phillyfiredept conducting communityoutreach smoke alarms today in kingsessing amp southwestphilly 24x7x365 
 fresh off wrk time to smoke 
 @youngdems4trump @chucktodd smoked you are toast chuck 
 hamburgers  bbq chicken breasts  johnsonvillebrats being smoked slowly.  bbq bbqnation 
 i smoked a wood with @rihanna last night.. you cant tell me nothing 
 left hand smoke jumper now available in growlers.  beermenus
 shame on steven miller for his beaten lies blowing smoke up the busts of the american people. miller needs to be fi 
 im missing my smoked salmon amp caviar  pizza... one of the best pizzas i ever had 
 my ex smoked crack in the bathroom on our weekend vacations and called it taking a shower. valentinesday
 aint smoked in a week im high asf 
 couldnt fight the craving. trying something new. bbq @ father and sons smoketiluchoke bar bq 
 @beachb0yz  you right but it was my first time taking it and i smoked the day before so i was like shit
 i smoked so many beers last night
 i got bronchitis and sound like a 3 pack a day smoker lucky me  bryana made me grilled cheese and tomato soup for dinner 
 making brunch at home... yummy apple wood smoked bacon and free range eggs applewoodbacon 
  seared west coast wild sea scallops  sherry potatoes  smoked lemon cream cheese  salted 
 new brew alert @schlafly smoked stout debuts today in 750ml bottles. heavy at abv 9.5. pours black as night. 
 winter root vegetable amp chicken bisque with smoked chickenapple sausage topper.  happy 
 @killakels61 i almost smoked that shit 
 talia.creature and i are having our prevalentines day dinner. @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  
 last night in texas  so back to the smokehouse. starting off with a texas ... shiner bock  photo
 who was the fucker who made weed illegal in the first place
 i sound like i smoke at least two packs a day
 back to the basics got me a good ol fashion smoked chicken honey ham and bacon sub from my main 
 made sandwich on toasted italian bread whot sopresetta friuli  genoa salami  smoked turkey  olive tampanade  horseradish amp vidalia dressing
 im so ready for tomorrow i got me some reds  i just need weed and wine
 also sounding like ive smoked 10 packs of cigs is great 
 hickory smoked bbq catfish... capefearriver webbersmokeymountain 
 yall @ericaalinel got kemp and hemp confused........she thought weed was kemp
 thunder getting smoked by my wizards tonight 
 moving slowly cuz im eating ganja gold fish
 sousvide smoked salmon for dinner  tonight. 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 @badboydazy this could be yours smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  
 @leedopeboyfresh i had only smoked one bowl out of it.... 
 having an allergic reaction to the weed i smoked was just the cherry i needed to top off this monday 
 the odds n ends fried green  blt with pimento  and deviled with smoked trout roe 
 wish i had a hot babe to smoke like dis with 
 twas the night before valentines day  and maria could not care less as long as there was red wine amp weed
 @missjen325 had some smoked salmon yesterday.  delicious
 best smoked beer i have had  drinking a matts burning rosids by @stonebrewingco @ the office    photo
 i smoked a bobby backwood with @snoopdogg @chancetherapper @bobziggler last night. and maybe macy gray. i dunno if she hit the weed tho.
 yeah but thursday before last he really did bangup work between 330 and 415 pm  aside from that 4 pm smoke brea 
 what did i do the minute i got home tonight  finding a package of new yarn at my door  replace smoke detector batteries. adulting is hard.
 jayhawks smoked the mountaineers on big monday. 
 do fish smoke seaweed
 i went to walmart to pick up some last minute gifts valentine gifts for savannah and some wings to smoke tomorrow and the woman cashier...
 babes knocked out.. wine amp weed by myself 
 why do smoke detector batteries always start to go bad when im already in bed stopchirping
 i finna have an 8 am amp my roomate is having the most casual conversation with this random guy about the first time they smoked like wyd
 turns out that tomatograperoasted garlic jam  dijon  lemon juice and smoked paprika makes a 
 @spartansano  @samuraijuice716  hemp20 @ bobos 
 she took her clothes i bought my weed i bought her shoes i bought her make up i bought  but not the babies we made dam brooo life a bih
 spotify shuffle with them vibez tonight playing feeling whitney  smoke break  and ros in a row
 jazmyn thinks white cheddar smart food popcorn  weed  white wine tastes like a dill pickle 
 yesterday was the first time i smoked in front of my dad.
 gs got smoked  good morning
 its valentines day and i havent bought my self a gift . better go smoke my love
 yup thats chef tally smoker  getting restored in time for the weekend  cheftally westpark 
 im at randys smokehouse amp bbq in new boston  tx 
 usgs08111500  brazos rv nr hempstead  tx  violent rain 2.04 inhr over the last 15 minutes  
 why tf do it smell like fish   chicken   and weed in this mf
 cant quite tell yet lotsa smoke  lotsa leaks  lotsa rope at our white house now... 
 so blunt you could smoke my truth
 pancakes eggs and smoked sausage.
 who has an extra ticket for ganja white night at concord  was really trying to go to that but sold out ..
 flynns resignation is smoke and mirrors.sandoeski was like wise as he stayed around and supposedly changed titles but same role. flim flam.
 quick delicious breakfast hickory smoked bacon  pan fried eggs  buttered wheat toast and 
 bruh i havent smoked all week cause i thought i had to see my po this morning... i didnt. boi im hot 
 if you guys are having test anxiety i have brownies laced with marijuana in my office. my 8am professor 
 in and out of this pressure  sexing  smoke detector no smoke detected.
 that weed i smoked last night from detroit put me on my ass 
 i dont usualy smoke in my car but today im on fucc it
 rollin marijuana  thats a cheap vacationfrankocean nights blonde blond freestyle 
 recipe development in the @syscocolumbia test kitchen. grilled pimento cheese and smoked beef brisket on jalapeo c 
 who trying to get smoked out today
 recipe development in the @syscocolumbia test kitchen. smoked beef brisket taco w pickled power blend slaw 
 witness the thickness special today smoked bologna cut extra thick then pan fried served on texas toast with slaw a 
 recipe development in the @syscocolumbia test kitchen. smoked beef brisket salad w clemson blue cheese  amp fire roa 
 beef shortrib napolitan about to hit the smoker one of tonights valentinesday specials at 
 this weed is the finest.
 treating myself to some bbq. the bama smoked chicken  white sauce  pickles  bacon @ smoke 
 foothills sexual chocolate and wicked weed ba french toast. limits apply. 
 quepids surf n turfer two smoked 16oz prime rib  4 jumbo herb cheese stuffed bacon wrapped smoked shrimp  2 sid 
 be my valentine  smoked turkey  house bacon  smoked gouda  red pepper mayo  lettuce  tomato on hot toasty buns 
 dont ask me why im not talking a lot today  i was coughing a lot yesterday so i sound like a 50 yr. old smoker
 maybe its just me but i feel like weed is the best gift to give today 
 feeling the  repost @roads2neverland came back to memphis just to eat some slow smoked memphisstyle bbq 
 @chocolateekkiss jk i woke up late and didnt get to smoke before class 
 the main reason i drive through here @ praseks hillje smokehouse 
 this is how much we love you today. montreal smoked meat for your lunch. @ fox bros barbq 
 breakfast casserole for an army. 18 eggs  two pounds of hash browns  cheddar  maple wood smoked 
 soldier who suffers from ptsd now testifying that cannabis has helped him get off of opioids he was prescribed afte 
 my throat burns.... dont know if i smoked too many cigs last night  am sick with the plague  or accidentally inhaled spicy garlic sauce.
 i got floozies sunday  then wakaan take over  then ganja white night and boogie t  then basslantic city  then tipper
 beastie boys at the smoke pit
 our valentines day surf and turf special.  smoked tritip and salmon with 2 sides and dessert 
 ccp is the most smoked place on earth
 good weed  white wine
 today we have a smoked sockeye salmon club on tuscan with smoked bacon  cheddar  caramelized onion  dijon amp greens numefood
 happy valentines day cannabis world from @designerhigh a  rolled by frontsarentfree 
 holy smokes  this is fantastic 
 currently  fireball  cheese  water  weed with the fridge open happyvalentinesday
 terminal 3 @caplanskys smoked meat sandwich with a side of smoked meat. yup. thats how im rolling today. you got 
 my wife is my first and only true love. bbq is probably somewhere up there. celebrated w a smoked brisket french d 
 mary jane bruh  i smoked my last bowl last night  
 tonights dinner special is a smoked chicken orecchiette in a gorgonzola cream sauce along with a molten chocolate lava cake for desert
 @cosmicosmo hahaha smoke weied every day 420 421 422 im so excited for paradise plaza im so proud of u guys
 i only accept weed  money  or food as gifts.
 holy smokes im so excited11 
 wicked weed delivery today plus  blackberry farm king of fallen farm. @blackberryfrm 
 so my sister rolled a blunt last night amp rolled it on my picture and left weed just hanging out at the top of my ey 
 og propane smokers only  sorry.
 the last valentines gift i bought was an eighth of weed  in n out  amp balloons 
 all i want for valentines is 2 bacon cheese burgers with apple pies on the side and a bag of weed.
 aw  everyone is excited tessachapman @ barque smokehouse 
 valentines steaks are on the smoker  bbq 
 valentines steaks are on the smoker and @bvbrewing 7 spanish angels is in my hand bbq craftbeer tx 
 replace weed with addiction 
 hot smoked scallop poke with cucumber and micro cilantro salad  thin sliced jalapeo  radish and 
 timeout forsyth country day  630 left in the quarter. a dunk and layup from jack hemphill has the ravens up 40
 a late three pointer has the ravens trailing forsyth country day 1914 at the end of the first quarter. hemphill le 
 yellow dal  dal masala samosas with spinach salad and hempseeds. vegansofig plantbuilt 
 crawfish and mirliton linguine with grated parmesan and cold smoked crab claw butter 
 mixed some applewood smoked bacon in my beef and pork burgers.. truckgrilling trucking 
 omg i have a jumbo rice krispy treat in my purse i was saving after i smoked but since im not smoking i get to eat it now lol
 roomate bought weed. roomate asks if i want. had dinner. x
 who gunna top me up while i smoke my blunts 2nite valentinesday2017
 an amazing smokey white wine  goes well with salmon. excellent for a valentines day dinner. 
 food porn  alert   tonight vday sweetheat dinner for 2 smoked prime rib  smoked gouda 
 @wetswimmingpool just dont be rollin up my weed
 @bbonlender79 @zbturf411 great on cart path edges  mulch bed edges  and bunkers. also use on regular weedy work. never had one break ever
 have you ever smoked weed
 whitewall smokey point pale now available on tap.  craft beer bellingham washington beermenus
 i was in a bad mood earlier but then i smoked a blunt and forgot what i was mad about in the first place 
 ready for some campfire smoke filled days and nights 
 i see a lot of yall got the side chick valentines day special fast food amp some weed.. good for u sis
 valentines day dinner includes smoked mahi with leaks amp sweet peppers  linguini with clams in wine  garlic amp butter 
 the jackals attack 10 yr old baron trump  hmmm obama kid flashed her bare a amp smoked dope on camera last yr amp not a word from kiss a media
 holy smokes glenn heights cop pushes burning truck out of jack in box drivethrough | claire cardona 
 tonight a stack of smoked herbrubbed chicken quarters @chrislillybbq recipe on my @gmgrills therewerenosurvivors
 tonight a stack of smoked herbrubbed chicken quarters @chrislillybbq recipe on my @gmgrills 
 on this day last year i spent 240 on a meal where i barfed on 3 separate occasions in the bathroom. 2 years prior i puked at smokey bones
 i just smoked a hawk in my truck
 i smoke a couple packs of cigarettes. nasty habbit. not sure what i replaced it with.
 hickory smoked ham wrapped with skate fish tasting @ casa del chef 
 i smoked jaycee up and bought her candy for valentines day
 @coop374 nope. a box of smoked salmon and salish canoe chants. 
 once opon a time my vdays were wingstop  a quarter of weed  and 24 movies from blockbuster after school . hahahaha differentimes hsdays
  my shiny   happy   wonderful valentines  @ lucilles smokehouse 
 teacher bought me a donut. friend bought me pizza. bestf bought me weed. im special. say no more.
 breaking @embryriddle news special announcement @eraudaytona 10am  probably introducing our new president. look for white smoke. goerau
 yo im so ready to smoke tonight was a night for me at work
 @paulanernycs smoked dryaged beef sausage wdark beer infusion cheddar filling amp potato salad 
 this is darker smoke than when the cardinals choose a pope. 
 great smoke for tonights club night. @myfatherdpg 
 smoked chicken wing gyoza. chicken wings were deboned  stuffed w pork filling amp smoked in donabe smoker  ibushi g 
 wings and weed w my valentine 
 wings and weed 
 tonights special. smoked chicken wgreens and rice... paprika glaze with a sweet sauce. cooked lowampslow 225 
 or if you didnt smoke week in the apartment  where your baby sleeps  they wouldnt be screaming
 yes shameless is amazing but have you guys seen weeds
 but there is a shit load of smoke. 
 gorgeous grilled ny strip steaks  asparagus with alderwood smoked salt  a good hearty red wine. happy valentines day at home amp @bluebloods
 when i smoked. i only smoked out my closest girl friends. if i didnt know you. you had to throw down foh.
 ron and dan  feb 13  2017 @ my apartment home above the galax smokehouse 
 holy smokes excited 
 realizing now they play the same song in the first and last episode of weeds ....brb sobbing
 doctordruff s beef tartare with @cheffyradford s smoked @oceanwise mackerel rillete on 
 welp im off today soooooo smokes amp wine it is 
 caviar and poached egg   red wine sabayon  smoked salmon  fried brioche  lemon zest ...  happy 
 drank a lot of beer and smoked actual pineapple express all night
 late night smoke session
 @jamesqueallylat i saw someone smoke crack on red line a few weeks ago. was really something special in annals of transit
 late night smoke sesh
 lmao the other night i smoked amp remembered i had to do a response on canvas by 12am amp when i read it the next morning tht shit made no sense
 @joannabby2 i remember nearly 2 yrs ago meampmy dad were in la ampwe were in inglewood at a gas station amp the smell of weed was very noticeable
 hitting up my ex this valentines weekend to get smoked up n told how pretty i am 
 today was a great valentines day  i smoked myself out all day
 texas weed 
 massive shoutout to my dude @tgcville on a huge milestone 405 squat this morning. drove 2 hours to be at osg at 4am and smoked it teamosg
 mmmmmm.. i love driving through amish country on winter mornings  the air is always smokey and smells of smoked bologna. butcheringseason.
 dat cannabis infused food hit me like a truck last night. i got dumb sleepy in 28 minutes
 woke up sounding like a smoke a pack of butts a day. happy hump day 
 my favorite morning smoked sausage cheddar and my insanely cold dr pepper. its just 
 its smoked wing wednesday... today we are using cherrywood and our flavors are jerk bbq and 
 neither. smoked salmon. 
 mixed greens  avocados  smoked salmon  shrimp  sun dried tomatoes  balsamic vinegar.
 sounding like i smoke a pack a day 
 the smoked brisket qdoba commercial makes me think theyre going to fuck the burrito into my mouth.
 got new smoke detector 
 good weed  white wine...
 was up all night feeling horrible.. been smelling fantom smells again.. smoke yuck
 ivy city smokehouse has white stone oysters amp the hype is justified @icshdc ivycity dc from wapo 
 wake up. smoke clip. eat bacon egg and cheese.
 @kiwinerd i pity smokers. some smoke until the last second before boarding a bus  then waste the rest of their cigarette.
 me and two other random diesels on the interstate just ran a big black smoke cloud on a prius. it was the best way to start the day.
 wed. gaston college 112 special homemade smoked sausage with peppers onions sun dried tomato aoli on a toasted hoagie bbq cltfoodtrucks
 me that time @almightyskye smoked that blunt wo me  
 @jamesbonet @fzaman93 @senschumer  looking at individual cases is not oversight  its managing.  schumer is in the weeds.
 i didnt know the horse....i was talking about beano...he didnt chew. just smoked about 4 packs of cigarettes a da 
 smoky cheesey lentils. made smoky with smoked paprika  and cheesey with nutritional yeast. a great  energizing an 
 you bouta smoke a pile of dried spinach 
 the mcwinghaven    pulled smoked baby back rib in stl sweet bbq  pickles  onions on toasted buns  sweet piggy 
 delicious smoked salmon eggs benedict for brunch at lilikoiorganicliving in south beach 
 i smoked marijuana but didnt inhale 
 yes  this house made hickory smoked pork and beef bologna sandwich is smiling at you right 
 i want a smoked bacon and cheddar rn
 lol to when i smoked on monday but woke up high on tuesday too
 2 pretzel roll sliders with smoked sea bass salad amp fries 6.99 girls night out 58 pm with ladies drink specials
 we are opened and ready to serve up some delicious bbq today.  we have our smoked wings. 
 im just finna smoke and have a wonderful day
 my son smokeout gday right around the corner and he aint even home for it 
 woodser day i smell campfire smoke  regrets  and tequila in the air tonight
 @rebellyus all wanted to do is smoke a blunt to your set and vibe out and it happen last night thanks for a good sh 
 @mummycomic you have to get some smoked fish  i think. not sure what the clown is about  though.
 days are better when you start them off with a freshly smoked brisket  smoked this one on my @traegergrills pro34 
 mushroom  pepper and onion omelet with hickory smoked bacon. breakfast humpday bitefusionnyc 
 if i was able to smoke in the comfort of my own house i would be in the crib more often
 ask about our all three smoke house burger. topped with bacon  pork belly and ham capalefred lovefxbg fredvegas 
 todays lunch special is bbq pork nachos made with hickory smoked bbq pulled pork  mixed 
 i just saw someone get a dui for marijuana at 9 am.. wtf.
 me and jess just toured an apartment that people live in and there were weed and condoms everywhere
 smoked weed and drank wine til midnight and now im at work lmaooo
 aint smoked in 3 days   but today im finna make that time up
 feeling hungry try the smoked salmon rollatini salmon rollatinni freshmozzarella pepper 
 mysignaturedishwouldbecalled  chicken  smoke pot  eat pie
 tastytuesday smoked southern fried chicken n waffles amp catfish jambalaya paired with a 
 ive been embraced by la la land .. a goddess claims to love me  universally .. my weed is top shelf .. and a nilla gettin to the bizzo.. 
 smokehouse chicken...had chicken brined  rubbed and smoked right here.  13.99 limited time only 
 @arochocinco85 @psh8989 as if youre not already excited  their meat is fresh amp smoked daily
 nowplaying @hollowbonevinyl david peel amp the lower east side have a marijuana on vintagevinyl 
 made my own pickles  garlic dill  maple smoked  thai chili garlic  and breadampbutter chips  
 steak and eggs  more like smoked beef rib and eggs
 atlantic eggs benedict w smoked wild salmon @ pauls kitchen 
 six cheese mac n cheese bake topped with italian smoked ricotta. foodie downtowndurham durham 
 so excited to smoke some salmon with my dad this weekend
 find our food truck today at  stanford university here until 2 pm. enjoy southern fried catfish  prawns  smoked tritip  pulled pork  yum 
 white boys and their weed.......
 great smoked salmon today @dallassmokyrose. turkey  ribs  and smoky rose stack sandwich all good too. 
 you might have seen large plume of smoke driving on i35 past ankeny between 11 and 1 today. storage barn burned. n 
 nike sb dunk low size 10.5 ds de la soul  no box used hemp amp premier northern 
 so grilled to see ya a whole new spin on this comfort food classicgrilled cheese  smoked 
 my girl bought me a sack of weed  a grinder  and a bong for valentines day. keeper  am i right
 sammich time. @ willow glen meats amp smokehouse in san jose  ca 
 me i made good tips tonight  i should start saving also me i wanna smoke some weed
 im at randys smokehouse amp bbq in new boston  tx 
 factsss his weed had us loaded all day 
 just ordered myself a personal pan pizza with applewood bacon and smoked ham... best decision ive made all day
 ravioli  shrimp amp brussels sprouts with middleneck clams  baby tomatoes  smoked potato pure 
 why is mango  white rice  smoked salmon surprisingly good
 studies available for healthy adults  overweight adults  smokers and nonsmokers. maleonly amp womenonly studies. 
 last night after dinner we sat in the rain and smoked one  perfect close to a gushy holiday. 
 or how about a nice grilled little gem lettuce salad w smoked caesar dressing amp black pepperbrioche croutons for 
 no more sugar  beer  or weed and eating out. i did the math i should save 400 a week ha
 the last episode of weeds has be bawling
 im at legal weed in ellensburg  wa 
 come see me at cannacon in seattle tomorrow promoting green shelf dispensary and legal weed clothing line.
 i just want a bad bitch to smoke and stat the night with me tonight 
 just what ive been needing an order of 20 smoked wings almost entirely to myself. theres no room for guilt  only gluttony.
 lobster roll 2 with smoked bacon potato salad. lobster dinner indulgence @ noda company store 
 dig into southern classics of smoked baby back ribs  fried chicken  waffles  and brisket @junctionlocal. 
 mysignaturedishwouldbecalled i smoked up the kitchen. my husband would understand thats why he was the cook.
 jumbo smoked chicken wings are one of our most popular menu items. smoked to perfection  
 someone was legit smoking weed in the pit at the @twentyonepilots concert yesterday. it was great
 @mccormick4chefs  i always toast amp smoke chef. 
 @ravenswoodq jumbo smoked chicken wings are one of our most popular menu items. smoked to 
 im at barbcutie  smokehouse in pharr  tx 
 my baby spoiled me with this weed infused honey 
 lmfaooo that aint even mid..thats fish eggs and sea weed. 
 why is your weed laying eggs 
 not like he smoked weed after all 
 @rinosrestaurant hand tossed grilled romain pizza topped with smokedwood basalmic honey glazed 
 cured salmon special smoked salmon cream  salted and compressed cucumber  jalapeno juice  pickled fennel  fresh di 
 long time ago i was a sore loser in competition i aint win.. once i smoked ill munch like a shark  raised up my fin..
 some customer requests are a pleasure to make happen. organic beef brisket topped with smoked 
 i think i need to smoke. the last time i smoked was yesterday.
 people that vape cherry and grape flavored tobacco poison in huge crowds at reggae shows. newproblems puke air pollution. stick w weed.
 it was extremely unexpected but greatly appreciated thanksgod @ slap ya mommas smokehouse amp bbq 
 just had the most amazing grilled cheese of my life marlows tavern out here. 4 different cheeses  smoked bacon and sourdough bread.
 im a weed enthusiast and i love sports
 my car smells like ziti right so im thinking its the weed i smoked last night was od  come to find out theres ziti spilled on my carpets
 late night weed conversations  in affect
 oooooh my very last visit to canopi  was like . @ thrive cannabis marketplace 
 especially if you smoke on a regular. thats 70 a week bruh that you couldve bought a fire 7 with
 @bowsherross check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @yaaoooo @judgejudy check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @stoneydreads check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @bestlawebsites check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @intentsmoke check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @gothdancergirl check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @jonasmariah420 check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @pedrodespong check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 brined  smoked and grilled pork chop  grits and grilled asparagus. i 
 one of the hardest things to do in my house is to find out which smoke alarm needs its battery changed. 
 king and queen type of meal   @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  west 
 @skclothing11 check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @tbvanguard @chrisbrown check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @soldados081 check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @btaltland check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @judahfloapparel check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @dreamsgenetic @complex check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @shopredcar7 check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @dreamsgenetic check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @cosijeans check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @hyperlife @sandro check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @lifestylecloth check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @tabbuattire check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @mainsourcecouk check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @cabinetdesmodes check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @flvrusa check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @mainsourcecouk @thehundreds check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @functionsocks check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @chromaclothing check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @wbapparel check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @kidswithhope check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @ydmclothing check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @yakodass check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @primesiteuk check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @streetseekerpr check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @ceeklebrand check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @djlukazking check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @kaotikobcn check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @ceeklebrand check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @wemotivate123 check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @hellfireco243 check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @chrisbiviens check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 @sincityww check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 i just bought my first legal weed and its 35.2 
 i dont remember all of my dream last night but i do remember that i had to choose if i was looking at weed or broccoli
 christian set off my smoke detector two days in a row now
 niggas is really getting smoked by the knicks right now im going to sleep
 drinking an unfiltered wheat beer by @boulevardbeer @ frashers smokehouse  
 today the last time i gotta bring a 21 yr old w me to buy marijuana i am ecstatic
 white men cheat too and they always smell like marlboro smoke and onions all of the time. stick to black men
 grilled chicken waffle sandwich with smoked apple aioli  tomatoes lettace bacon and 
 i smoke that gold leaf
 a thousand miles @ two brothers smoked meats 
 dixieland delight @ two brothers smoked meats 
 dixieland delight @ two brothers smoked meats 
 how could you not after only 9 guys suited up against gs and they smoked them. 
 picture @ two brothers smoked meats 
 picture @ two brothers smoked meats 
 mommas was calling and i answered. grilled cheese with smoked sausage  
 your love @ two brothers smoked meats 
 your love @ two brothers smoked meats 
 just posted a photo @ two brothers smoked meats 
 just posted a photo @ two brothers smoked meats 
 my brother texted me i smoked 10 blunts in the house today  if you walk in and your high im sorry thanks bro
 teriyakichicken californiapeppers smoked on the rectechgril 
 semicharmed lifes @ two brothers smoked meats 
 semicharmed lifes @ two brothers smoked meats 
 coughing like i smoke 10 packs a day
 just posted a photo @ two brothers smoked meats 
 just posted a photo @ two brothers smoked meats 
 just posted a photo @ two brothers smoked meats 
 just posted a photo @ two brothers smoked meats 
 the smoked salsa we made today was 
 @columbiabugle smoked too much of that stuff
 just posted a photo @ two brothers smoked meats 
 just posted a photo @ two brothers smoked meats 
 i didnt smoke in 3 weeks and i just bought some newports 
 im up early cause aint enough light in the daytime  smoke two sweets and sold these chickens fo the clock strike nine rippimpc
 just posted a photo @ two brothers smoked meats 
 just posted a photo @ two brothers smoked meats 
 sean being prideful i havent smoked in 3 weeks  me recalling last week mmmmm sean i didnt get high it doesnt count 
 anyone got a ganja white night ticket for sale slept on tickets.
 like where the marijuana sauce  well  marinara 
 ismokeditand i smoked it again  and so on.
 the weed i hit last night had me out in two puffs  thatswhatimtalkingabout
 ismokeditand l smoked it again 
 what did the egg say to the other egg after he smoked a blunt  omelet   
 love me a @concaveboard.  i sliced a smoked tri tip for supper last night and the juices just pool in the middle. 
 rise and shineeee...it was a beautiful night of rest. oh wait  i forgot  our smoke detectors false alarmed at 2am. and wouldnt stop. 
 find a specialized poutine restaurant and order it with smoked meat braised beef. unbelievable 
 i smoke loud for lunch
 slept at 4  woke up  showered  smoked  got breakfast and made it to 830 am lab on time mashallah
 @johnlepp did you ever make it to ted peters smokehouse best cheeseburger and smoked fish dip youll ever eat. 
 as much as my smoke alarms bleep randomly at 3 am to say the battery is low  this is a reminder of why they are so 
 caffeine and marijuana
 thursday special smoked meatball hoagie with spicy bbq and provolone  served with fries. soup of the day chicken 
 oh by the way  i almost died of smoke inhalation last night. thats my 3rd brush with death this month.
 i feel like a 5 yr old that smoked crack for the first time
 bistro smoked turkey ciabattas ready for a corporate lunch. @ 29 cooks 
 ismokeditand coughed. but then i smoked it again.
 made a joke about weed yesterday now i have a random drug test 
 this person must be having a great ass time with his weed and chicken fingers man.... and i didnt get an invite  i want some chicken fings
 how many blunts did you smoke last night  me 
 freshly smoked pork shoulder  pulled for your enjoyment . . . kwawesome bbq pulledpork 
 could it be that this team of socalled scientists smoked too much weed before coming up with this plan 
 once me and my son have a understand that we both smoke...if he brings mid in my house hes on punishment.
 blunts and ganja white night 
 smoked weed for the first time in like a week last boiiiii it fucked me up 
 smoked weed for the first time in like a week boiiiiiii it got me fucked up 
 house smoked trout | potato  rutabaga hash | available at both @jackflaps locations | 
 hg cl ng all smoked today. energy not believing today
 yes brown rice  kale  spinach  quinoa  lentils  tofu  nuts  whole grains  tempah  hemp  broccoli  mushrooms  corn  
 if you smoke 1 pack a day of cigaretts  you will smoke 365 000 in 50 years  730 000 if you are a two pack a day use 
 get over to @honkytonkkidbbq for the best smoked brisket ive had in waco. a review  
 last time this dude ever spoke to me messaged me on fb for a 20 sack of weed after hed comment and trash talk my photos of weed 
 im crying i really bought the tiniest weed jar ever
 delicious lunch @loxpopuli in nyc the classic smoked salmon...yum  smokedsalmon 
 @borntorunnerup yes or allowing cigarettes to be smoked indoors only during the cure
 im the girl who get happy over weed and wings being a gift . i swear. .
 there have been rumors of smoke coming from the double gym. its just the nets burning from @tonyjones20 shooting display last night 
 i have been revived this morning alis finally serving breakfast bake and smoked herringgggggg oh laaaaawdd faddd 
 lamb day tomorrow....but today we have a cumin chicken club on tuscan with cheddar  smoked bacon  romas  avocado amp green numefood
 one week until oysters and stout at smokehouse we start shucking fresh oysters at 4pm on february 23 
 the reality on fox amp friends was worse than artificial. it was an artful  insidious smokescreen  
 how much have you smoked today 
 los angeles hasnt changed me  ive always paid 10 for a horchata late amp edamame smoked salmon salaoh god why
 kiks hickory smoked ketchup kiks saucegame sauces condiments entrepreneur comeandgetit 
 i have that i passed this exam feeling  but also that man i smoked it feeling. so we wait.
 this weeks specialty pizza is called ranch master  mozzarella  smoked bacon  grilled chicken 
 craving this beautiful toast from @oneearedstag  milk curd  fried capers  radish  smoked roe  pink pepper  scallio 
 @jhawk2828 just got their new habanero bbq smoked brisket. 
 east la bound cateringnachosfood @ memes texas bbq smokehouse 
 incredible bbq truck today at work  smokin hot bbq. oh so good tried the smoked brisket with 
   food porn alert   pulled pork potato skins with smoked gouda bacon  mornay... a pork 
 how many bowls did you smoke last night 
 to the smoker my little army of candied salmon bellies  ready for the weekend.  cheflife 
 working on a @rockypatelcigar 15th anniversary.  one of rockys best smokes imho.  nowsmoking 
 coffee and smoked salmon @ great northern food hall in new york  ny 
 @gwenstefunnie @jazzieburr only if she had smoked salmon on the side 
 while im trying to smoke my blunt peacefully 
 just smoked a blunt amp now im ready to start my day 
 wild bc coho salmon carpaccio with pomegranate  cara cara orange  smoked pecans  scallion  coconut cream  arbequina 
 @kosikutioner weve got chocolate rain maker  derailleur  smoked wheat on rye  3 rocks  elgin blonde  rain maker amp monday night piper
  bampc melrose bbq specials today  smoked salmon  smoked ribs  amp nachos come see us @ 2617 franklin pike 
 critically important to have working smoke alarms  carbon monoxide detectors.  nbcboston necn
  bampc market bbq specials today  smoked salmon  smoked ribs amp grits come see us for lunch  
 shrimppoboys back on the menu plus  stuffed portobello and smoked texas ribs  4 @gooseisland beers today 
 met my virgo soul sister at spirit wednesday night. vibed so hard  drank  smoked amp danced two nights in a row 
 we smoked 6 in the bmw last night.
 lol i smoked 16 gars last night
 i really smoked 3 blunts back to back last night 
 i smoked with my future mother in law last night and thats such a big thing to me 
  i smoked all day yesterday
 whe you wake up with that weed aftertaste in your mouth gtgtgt
 i smoked a fatty yesterday and im doing just fine
 garlic cream cheese amp smoked bacon bagel is crack this morning tho
 mmm try the smoked fish eggs benedict. perfect for a lunch meeting. the beast restaurant  toronto  food 
 there are no legal definitions for lox or nova lox. so lox or real lox is what could be brine cured  cold smoked salmon.
 boom @ baileys smokehouse 
 heaven on a platter.  @ smoked kitchen and tap 
 theres a special place in hell for people who smoke on a restaurants patio.
 todays at our wakers location chicken b.l.a.t. pita   chicken kabob | applewood smoked bacon 
 last year i damn nearly smoked a range rover
 why does poutineweek have to end i want more fries  gravy  cheese curds  and all the smoked 
 todays special tiger prawns  bell peppers  green onion  black beans  smoked gouda polenta. 
 need to make up for the last time i saw ganja white night lmao blackout getting kicked out of aisle 5 ... i killed it that night
 @jack this guy made a tweet to me implying all black people smoke weed. i was knocked off twitter for retweeting hi 
 im at woodys smokehouse in centerville  tx 
 @hippieoflove i love big buds  yet i save them for last every time.i smoke the second biggest bud first to test it. what strain is that
 last week in between scripts and shoots i sold several tons of marijuana my friend brought in by sailboat.  
 triggerfish and carolina shrimp tonight. charleston style bbq sauce  smoked vidalia jam. 
 @takethatdarwin apparently it contains a lot of carbon14  so undoubtedly has smokey taste  p probably also carbonated p
 on special at mr. benny this weekend  grilled smoked pork loin on sourdough with swiss  dijon and roasted onions. 
 @gordonramsay whatcha think about my dads smoked turkey from thanksgiving  
 west coast benedict with smoked salmon and avocado eggsbenedict smokedsalmon @ pinnacle hotel 
  @ smoked kitchen and tap 
 @zabarsisny smoked salmon  creamed cheeses  gefilte fish  pumpernickel  cheese blintzes...
 @zabarsisny smoked salmon  creamed cheeses  gefilte fish  pumpernickel  cheese blintzes...
 ganja white night  ganja  happy abby
 @forzacorrado hope hicks is a smoke for sure  white house director of strategic communications  i.e. the hottest top dog in pr. terrific
 la cafe lobster grilled cheese  w smoked bacon and avocado  
 candy bar prices have risen dramatically since i last smoked weed or weed prices have dropped considerably. drugsarecheaperthancandybars
 finished my last shift as a clerk  time for bigger and better things smoked a backwood with my manager to top off the last day.
 porch rocker if there ever was one... smoked oranges infuses this sour with an unmistakable smoky  savory quality. 
 headwaters cheeseburger with caramelized onions and smoked tomato aioli  side fries 
 our @cityboibbq sliders. grilled beef link  smoked pork shoulder  and smoked chicken  
 spicy baked mac amp cheese. house made mozzarella  soyscallion bechamel  smokedfried oysters and 
 first attempt on the smoker w @meatchurch thegospel and bacon bbq rub.  gotta give props to 
 this weekends market fish grilled rockfish  smoked brown butter  black radish  golden beets amp 
 second course tasting tonight. scorched hot smoked qc char  black garlic  teriyaki glaze  
 inner me how many blunts did you smoke last night  me 
 put icy hot on my balls and smoked meth. tonight is gonna be lit
 im at @bonedaddys house of smoke in dallas  tx 
 drinking a french toast stout wicked weed 2017 by @wickedweedbeer @ wood creek  
 the chonut 2.1  smoked brisket  bcs  smoked kimchi  cheese  and bacon on a glazed donut i can 
 guess its one of them smoke n go to applebees by myself nights
 im at cannabis central in ellensburg  wa 
 when 3 white girls smoke weed once 
 bbq heaven  @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  rancho cucamonga 
 last couple strains i smoked have been cannabiscup winners. 
 no one is eating the cheese. but ok. i didnt make the lillet cocktail.  or the potato chips with smoked salmon. ra 
 good weed amp applebees
 to all my fellow broward county peeps  want great bbq smoke bbq on oakland and a1a best ive ever had this is b 
 when it is over 70 degrees in feb  the smoker is activated. 
 hickory smoked jerk chicken is on the special board tonight @ fox bros barbq 
 @l821l @bendreyfuss i almost had a crush on armand but we ate lunch together and he smoked all over my food. guess thats a smokin date
 friyay dinner straight up hickory smoked burgers w homemade potato crisps  brussels sprouts amp fixins. 
 dinner tonight leftover smoked salmon  asparagus  mushroom in cheese sauce  over penne....  
 roasted potato chunks seasoned with smoked paprika and lemon pepper  dipped in sweet and spicy bbq sauce 
 need a black chick thats almost like a hippy but can still make fye ass fried chicken and might smoke a black every now and then
 my vagina was caught with weed last week lol 
 bbq  fam   @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 drinking a super stout by @ithacabeer @ smoked bar amp grill  
 garganelli and smoked rabbit pumpernickel  snap peas  toasted hazelnuts  truffle pecorino. 
 smooth stout.  drinking a super stout by @ithacabeer @ smoked bar amp grill   
  hi  im @tesahopkins and ive only smoked twice but im still a pothead  
 date night with my baby @ lucilles smokehouse barbque in valencia  ca 
 nights like these i wish i still smoked
 @cbo is about to be smoked outta house amp home. smokeyours smokeyourscrew @ keepem lit  1345 
 ermagherd @stonehousereds chowder has dashi  dungeness crab  smoked salmon and pork belly rillette. 
 this smoked me  why she sweep it like that at the end 
 @thefieldcompany sorry  kitchen light is not great  smoked paprika and garlic roast. shifting wine sauce to anothe 
 more smoked meat please @ gates barbq 
 those smoked wings at mojos...
 touchdown montreal but first smoked meat dinner at schwartz  next stop quebec city 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in bakersfield  ca 
 it tastes like smoked meats but if instead of meat it was rum
 smoked trout with smoked yukons  pickled watermelon  and tarragon cremefraiche. yum 
 nice night for a smoke @drewestatecigar. acid kuba kuba 
 emily his puke was probably green from smoking weed   meamphollie whut
 just smoked my first blunt out here in new york.
 no smoke detectors were triggered during this operation... 
 mmjonesmusic this guy smoked his session  extremely productive  look out fresh music 
 yesterday smoke and fire in my face all day today cold wind and raincaliforniaextremes
  rt @gordonramsay new battery for your smoke alarm 
 mandy wanted smoked wings so i was like might as well put more meat on pit.5 hrs later i said nevermind and moved everything to ovens. lazy
 i am so drunk i just smoked a white grape swisher.... with no weed in it
 im a hit the view and smoke one. lonely night tonight 
 i just smoked with my family wtfffff 
 inans my only friend thats ever down to smoke late at night
 @atxlonestar @lonestarbeer ...this is only one way that @tfwbbq smokes our meat @ texas 
 duuuuude thank yous luvcaboose @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  
 you smell like smoked bacon best compliment ive got all day 
 599 000 732 e smokehouse trail  phoenix  az  stunning tuscan... arizona realestate  
 if i were to green out. it woulda been the day i smoked again. and today
 narrator she sulks into a smoke filled karaoke bar... liz tonights my night narrator little did she know it wasnt her night
 please tell me... when was the first time you smoked crack
 tried world famous chef @tomcolicchio s smoked sturgeon with rumba  atlas carrots  red quinoa  
 @andyj541 yeah we smoked at the creek below your house haha
 honda civic si smoked the shit outta us  
 hella gas being smoked in 2012 tonight
 the last time i smoked gas  i almost crashed that whip  
 treehouse trappin w nun but smoke
 @amazon alexa should have smoke and carbon monoxide detectors built in. idea
 dev tape for my line in the film tie the knot. im hey you got some weed guy  
 sex food and weed cured my sickness 
 idk what was in this weed but i want to clean the whole house and its almost 130 in the morning
 you havent truly lived until youve smoked a tobacco pipe while sitting in a hot tub. truth
 just smoked
 i even took mucinex dm  drank some wine and smoked a little and here i am  wide awake at 7am 
 bitch you smoked with me thursday night lmao stfu 
 almost just smoked a deer
 the day they legalize weed in texas 
 philly hot brown with roasted turkey  smoked bacon  plum tomatoes  hash browns amp smoked chili 
 breakfastisserved smoked pig knuckle and eggs long time coming  roc marciano 
 im pissed i passed out last night  too much weed amp patron
 new brunch item celery root toast with a poached egg and smoked salmon. this will be 
 @whiskeybentbbq do you recommend  to thaw out chicken wings frist or is it ok to put frozen on low smoke on the treager
 all i need is a pack of red bulls and some weed 
 do smoke detectors ever start their i need a new battery chirping at any time other than 230am ugh wideawakesince
 im seriously bout to rip these smoke detectors out of my walls because they keep beeping and ive change the batteries.
 @washingtonpost @clevewootson i have no words how much canibis can 1 smoke to death yr choice  heroine  sleeping pills
 im at jack in the box  @jackbox in hempstead  tx 
 house fire cause smoke plume to roll over bethesda and silver spring. @wtop 
 no  dont pick up the porch weed
 i literally feel like i have black lung from all of the smoke last night.
 spicy smoked beef shortrib hash with buttery bruschetta sauce yaaaabrunch at barlisamarie @ 
 dont remember drunkenly texting our contractor last night but the last thing he sent me was patience weedhopper
 i smoked last night at downtown by the water and maann it was so peaceful 
 just smoked that whole pack like marlboros tracklife 5k 
 this was our ride last sunday super fun @ backwoods smokehouse 
 its weed to be smoked
 she know ima freak her when i flame up this reefer.
 fresh made in house smoked sausage on the menu today yall come give it a try 2563795525 
 fete de bouchere @chefjohnfolse smoked pork tamale yum @slowmotion4meat 
 amp ive been listening to the ganja white night spring tour promo mix  this shit is just  im not ready 
 brunch is served all day until 9pm come try these smoked salmon or lentil pate bagels before 
 @gordonramsay how does our smoked brisket look 
 an experimental hop 2016  and three stouts  rye  smoked and sweet potato bellsbrewery 
 bagel amp lox smoked salmon from josephsonssmokehouse  @bowerybagels  local greens  house 
 in marlboros last frontier  a smokers rights group is defending the human right to light up 
 yes theres more fish in the sea  but do they smoke and is it loud
 the crunchy pickle  turkey  smoked ham  pickles  onions  lettuce  swiss  mayo  hot mustard  and potato chips on ci 
 so apparently i flipped out on my bf again last night  went and smoked  forgot about it and told him he must have had a bad dream
 i smoked a lot and i feel so rough
 im going to lose it. tihs smoke detector has been chirping for the last 12 hours.
   todays special...slowbraised  smokey brown sugar chicken... 
 i smoked so much last night . my lungs 
 amazing bosnian coffee  dried smoked beef and cheese chefbryan @ cafe on main 
 @huntmayhem put me in a weed coma last night
 grillcheese romatomatoes homemadefood itswhatforlunch nomeat @ mcmeen smoke house 
 bogo today on them pulled pork sandwiches. bogo pulledpork bbq @ the smoke n pig bbq 
 a crosscultural breakfast of scrambled eggs with smoked salmon  buttermilk biscuits and a fresh 
 ugh fml smoked my last dab last night. that gram lasted me for fucking ever lol
 yesterday i smoked a lot w my brother     i woke up a lil high jaja
 its a wonderful day to smoke some weed
 hickory smoked duroc pork belly burnt ends while the last today @ fox bros barbq 
 can someone just bring me a bagel with lots of cream cheese and sweet smoked ham and a chai latte... working on sat is just not cool
 @louiee96 i had to tap on that last blunt you wanted to smoke haha
 me amp @baileyarnett58 smoked with a drag queen last night 
 tvd  shameless amp weeds 
 lunch. fried ribs. very tasty and fries with smoked ketchup we shared those @ edibles amp 
 i hadnt smoked weed nor played ffxiv in over a week. this morning was interesting.
 so fresh u can see the smoke 
 you can start to see the layout of island smokehouse now that the foundation amp footers have been poured 
 glad i burned all of those calories earlier  love this place bbq ribtips @ ricks smokehouse amp 
 montreal smoked brisket poutine  boneappletea french montreal explorecanada canada @ 
 last night i dreamt i was smoking weed in the hacienda movie theatre
 nice day for a flight. @wickedweedbeer funkatorium. avl @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 smoked fish and beer @ russ kendalls smokehouse in knife river  mn w @nordeastb  
 first time checking out the brewery  loving this  smoked stout... doc porter smoke stout 
 on this weeks podcast we smoked @myfatherdpg flordelasantillas amp @lfdcigars madurocabinet6. shameless plug @maddow amp @joyannreid.
 i found an old bottle of my 100 brett  smoked beer from 5 years ago. it still tastes fresh and balanced despite the age and insane recipe.
 scorched earth  bad karma plant seeds literally and metaphorically  good karma grow cannabis  great karma love and be cool  best karma
 im hurt asf that i only smoked  blunt yesterday
 dad just made 21lbs of smoked chicken and ribs 
 bbq smoker for loving husband 
 when you ask kendallhmitchell what oysters are best to smoke she takes it seriously. thanks for 
 last night we got pulled over with hella edibles and weed in our car 
 bam @shuncutlery beef barrel smoked over pecan wood @bbqpictures @foodpornsx food bbq  
 breakfast pizza   apple french toast  polenta  smoked bacon. yum weateitall sanfranciscofood 
 bologna burntends goin in @ smokerbuilder mfg 
 found a turkey in the freezer i didnt know that i had. gotta thaw and then in the smoker come morning 
 last week i confirmed my suspension that odu niggas smoke mid
 checking out the new menu.  looks tasty @jethrojakes @ jethros n jakes smokehouse steaks  
 martinis at thesmokehouse before the screening of martinis at the smoke house  goodtimes 
 passed a house with 4 identical meat smokers in the yard lookin like some irl sims just discovered rosebud
 beer and bacon flight. jalapeo  corn cob  maple and pecan smoked bacon. @barbacon nyceats 
 brunch time with jenette  smoked salmon and avocado benny at @beachbaycafe  great start to the 
 applewood smoked steak nachos.  glutenfree @weberacademy weberacademy grilllog shokar12 @ 
 1.6 seconds left  wow mariano squeezed that through while guarded at a very tight angle  holy smokes
 the boys  montreal smoked meat  beer  and the habs game explorecanada montreal travel 
 before sauce bologna burntends @ smokerbuilder mfg 
 after sauce   bologna burntends @ smokerbuilder mfg 
 had the nitro version and it was fantastic great smoke and chocolate note... black gold  photo
 @gordonramsay smoked ribs. thoughts 
 @hldolby ayy remember in high school when we smoked that loud pack from the toilet lmao
 what if the only available version of star wars had greedo shooting first what if there were no guns in e.t. what if nobody ever smoked
 im just tryna smoke and shake my ass tonight
 as an eggs benedict enthusiast  i just had the best one ever. smoked ham  collard greens  cheddarchive biscuit  amp 
 ah the scent of privilege. cigar smoke  cologne  and oysters. spring has sprung.
 chef cam making risotto to go with our smoked chicken.  @minichefmondays @gordonramsay masterchefjr 
 restock fries fries @ klemms smoke haus 
 im at lockhart smokehouse  @planolockhart in plano  tx 
 someone on my street is having a smoked ham party cuz the whole block smells gross like cooking ham. ham the worst pig meat.
 tgirvine applewood smoked st.louis ribs apple and maple glaze housemade cheddar and chive 
 chicken smoked for 4 hours with fog and hickory. succulent. bbq smokingmeat @sraichlen @michaelphifer 
 the garbage burger 5050 angus beef applewood smoked bacon patty  sauted mushrooms  white 
 texas bbq @ lockhart smokehouse 
 running home so i can peacefully smoke.
 baked cheese grits  bbq  coleslaw  pickles and jalapeos with smoked corn and bread pudding. 
 i bought yesterday and im afraid to smoke it 
 wish this spot was in ri @ salvage bbq amp smokehouse 
 pastrami  smoked rye orecchiette  cured egg yolk  @ farm amp coast market 
 win 2 free vip tickets to the high times cannabis cup in las vegas march 4 amp 5 and enjoy music 
 beef carpaccio  smoked tuna  ginger fried chicken  salmon carpaccio beef carpaccio smoked 
 @mikeisaac smoke the marijuana
 thanks @xmsnutmegx for the delicious smoked roast and potatoes with steamed asparagus. grilling cooking 
 food coma commences in 5...4...3...2... @ local smoke bbq 
 tonights dinner @northmtnpasture smoked turkey legs  @radishandrye collard greens  @horizonorganic macn cheese. 
 im upset i smoked the last of my weed today
 babe i know whos my age just married a pearshaped smoker in his 50s.   
 ahh yes  another saturday of the stairwell smelling like weed. a typical weekend at ut
 he smoked it 
 happy birthday mother ggabourel @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  culver city 
 first time here @ barque smokehouse  @barquebbq in toronto  on 
 captain flam monterey jack cheese  smoked bacon  caramelized onions and spicy mayo burger time 
 i smoked today so yeah
 where you raised in a barn  no my family just smokes   @themainhomo
 aint smoked all day.. had to treat myself with one 
 if you smoked like us youd be high all the time
 im trynna smoke amp hit up jack in the box for some curly fries w a bad bitch
 my cat promised to buy me a weed omelet in the morning.
 dirty thirty lunch and brainstorming with @nathanmichaelis @ green street smoked meats 
 dad is a dill weed
 happy birthday grandma @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  rancho cucamonga 
 hops are a wicked and pernicious weed... avl craftbeer  drinking a freak of nature at @wickedweedbeer   photo
 if i smoke today thats a week straight thuthican everyday
 you may   or may not see this but   it made my night seeing you i dont even  smoke weed no more   but i pulled up just too see you 
 @ngmayana @bradlhi remember when we made your brother drive us to a party in sobe and it was literally this. we smoked a joint and left
 main course spicy noodles amp glazed smoked duck personalchef foodporn @ lower manhattan 
 roydean getting the smoke on for the harmony house bbq . big crazy love  @papercohouston 
 im at churchill smoke shoppe in jackson  ms 
 theres a special place in heaven for ppl who smoke out
 when you smoked some good weed 
 all i want is to get an orden de fajita en maiz y una papa grande con todo menos que crema amp smoke an extendo .. then maybe watch hulu .
 is tonight the night i smoke my first black and mild of 2017
 most amount of blacks i ever smoked back to back... need this liq
 this is from last night before i reeked of smoke 
 update local caper got mad at jarrett because it was apparently called a super tornado smoke
 i had a dream last night that i was rolling tobacco with weed and then when i finished rolling it up it be became a taco
 one week marijuana free... straight cold turkey for no reason at all
 i guess the fact my father smoked and drank  made it a young nigga destiny to do the exact same
 montralstyle smoked meat and one of the greatest canadian 
 where there is smoke there is fire. remember that as you watch next weeks episode of the socalled president worsethanakoreandrama
 almost forgot to smoke weed today
 i swea this weed taste just like potato salad
 food or weed
 late night smoke sesh
 i just smoked nearly 2 packs of blacks back to back...... when am i guna die.....
 done for the night time to smoke and crash 
 @davebrown smoked weed three times today
 yea i smoked ya father now u a bastard 
 im so excited about todays menu i cannot sleep   sunday from 10am2pm  bbq brisket or smoked 
 had the smoker on full duty yesterday so why not have tacos. cherry smoked skirt steak  avocado  radish  mango sa 
 good smoked beer one of the last beers i had that night  drinking a rauchbier @ world of beer festival  
 mom why are your eyes so bloodshot   trying to hide the fact i stayed up crying all night    me i was smoking weed
 pike yesterday isp arrested a 27 yr. old petersburg man for dui. impaired amp under the influence of marijuana. his 2 yo son was in the car.
 best damn bbq in texas lockhartsmokehouse bbq @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 pike early this morning isp arrested a 20 yo ferdinand man for dui. stopped in orwell. driver had been smoking marijuana amp was impaired.
 connect was available amp smoked us up. great morning.
 i really smoked out my girl last night
 i didnt smoke all day yesterday 
 sommelier is to wine as cicerone is to beer. what is x to marijuana
 my friends woke me up at 2am to smoke amp we somehow ended up driving at 4am to a rooftop to watch the sunrise
 homemade bacon smoked with apple wood. one spicy and one sweet. recipe from projectsmoke @sraichlen bbq 
 i told my self 2017 im not smoking that sherm no more   smoked one last night duck 2017 ..i will try again 2020
 @gabrieltooraww @finfin10 @quadribusari smokeeeeeee 
 l13 @phillyfiredept communityoutreach smoke alarm installation today in kingsessing hey @redpawrelief what about 
 son after i left you son i got me more crown and smoked again i was gone son 
 came home last night amp the first thing my mom says  por que hueles a cerveza y marijuana 
 brunch today with @smokingcowmn heres the menu donut with house bacon  crispy smoked carrots 
 checkin in at daylight but you can still get smoked at noon bitch
 what to do on a 70 degree sunday in february...our brunch beckons you smoked chicken hash and a port light  one of 
 a little sunday morning bbq smoke 
 fai2017 roboakie was the smoked salmon boss during @folkalliance at the ecma  mia suite @ folk 
 we made a spread out of that smoked branzino and thusly...  plus  another application for our 
 the chicken bandit smoked n fried chicken  herb cream cheese  bacon  chedda  white bbq  ltop  smoked chicken 
 my friends taught me how to smoke a cigar last night  
 spicy potato breakfast tacos seasoned with smoked paprika  turmeric and cayenne topped with spinach and scallion. 
 we lived separate lives  together.   todays brunch smoked salmon  avocado  tomato  toast  coffee. 
 i got too stoned last night amp lost all my weed 
 cherry wood smoked chicken parts bbqdetroit detroit barbecue barbeque eat pork chicken 
 i really smoked 10gs last night 
 this was pretty awesome too  drinking a smoked stout by @bellsbrewery at @bellsbrewery   
 waiting for smoked meat. schwartz @ schwartzs 
 i warned ya  its karma  black thoughts and marijuana.
 effing smoke detector goes off 6am
 carolina blue and wicked weed. @wickedweedbeer @ flowers plantation 
 @davidfrum holy smokes. yeah  were fcked
 just raced an ambulance and got smoked
 my hair and clothes smell like i smoked 3 packs of marlboro reds last night
 java brunch altoona iowa @ jethros n jakes smokehouse steaks 
 smokehouse bloody mary sundayfunday roadtrip puremichigan @ smokehouse 52 bbq 
 @fueledbyemilyy smoke this high grade  kill your migraine its monday morning but we treat it like a friday
 i was just given the weirdest look for asking for lemon juice on my smoked salmon in a bagel is that normal
 four pieces of meat in the smoker for 6 hours now cookout time sunday funday 
 @izascw whens the last time you smoked
 black bathbombs that are part of a custom order. they are scented with cannabis fragrance and are perfect for the 
 bbq at my house today  bring weed and liq
 first time i bought weed  i was sold
 im at kim jong smokehouse in portland  or 
 tried to cook bacon and i smoked up the whole house. happy sunday buddies
 i hope heaven has bbq  @ ebf smokehouse 
 luv the bar area in the basement level. smoked salmon with scrambled eggs amp onion toasted 
 and on the last day the lord smoked a blunt. papa bless 
 walnut bread smoked ham sandwich . 2 sunny eggs . cheddar . braised kale  foodzmything 
 humongous kegssmiles @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 so apparently after i got home last night  i drank wine  finished my torchys  and smoked a blunt. fuckkk lol
 yo i had weed horchata last night lmaoo
 whatever i smoked out of last night put me on my ass
 after going balls to the wall last night taking a day to just chill and smoke is really scratching my itch
 fantastic night last night with this woman  took her out on the town and to smoke for some 
 lost weed last night bro wtf
 i just want some smoked gouda mac. that is all.
 cobb salad with smoked duck breast  avocado mousse  bacon and blue cheese epcot 
 i seen alotta niggas change over weed and lean..
 thanks to mike villar for some of the best q sauce ive ever slopped on a smoked slider lawyersauce 
 @smokinveggies          i used this recipe but added mushrooms  more spices and used smoked gouda n some daiya 
 @cernovich obama had hired many traitors to help him destroy us amp western civilization.  they must be smoked out amp sent to saudi arabia
 eating smoked salmon and capers in bed with the window open today is a great day
 my drunk ass had all my weed in my hoodie pocket last night amp washed my hoodie today  tryna be productive on a sunday
 dish in progress...onions  garlic  eggplant  tomatoes  smoked paprika. kitchen smells amazing 
 @smokinveggies i used the fyh smoked gouda
 been blowin everything to the head this whole weekend ine match or smoked nobody
 great lunch date with nastassiasmith813 ....   heres what we indulged in... smoked duck 
 @hippy @motivateathlete dont do weed
 my bride.what should we do for sides ... baby my smoked chicken dont need no sides
 what to do with this rice made on the smokey joe @weberacademy weberacademy grilllog @ 
 eggs benedict with smoked salmon.  brunch foodie @ paradiso restaurant 
 late breakfast pancakes with plantains and smoked sausage and vegetable omelette checkitout 
 ribeye... smoked for an hour... the grilled... ruvidesignoutdoor ruvidesignphoto ruvidesign 
 terrapin smoke on the porter now available in cans.  @terrapinbeerco beermenus
 bbq time @ rylons smokehouse  @rylonsbbq in chicago  il 
 @fallontaylor3 fallon you and babyflo smoked it at the american this afternoon theamerican thebabyfloshow colton 
 had a smokey and janet jackson moment a couple nights ago.
 i could get really used to this turner alley plum grove smoked porter 
 girlfriend @callmemochelles soup of chicken broth  mirepoix  dill  brown rice  and smoked ham 
 @oskarblues pinneripa stovepipes complement these @bobbiqueny smoked chicken wings very well. another round of each  please
 why yes  thats smoked rib meat on top of those cheese burgers. 
 @jazzybabe smoked me out yesterday. she got that good shit 
 think id rather watch more terry the smoker commercials than another big mac commercial
 @lockyodoor yet you smoked them last night
 the seared scallops w french green beans  butter potatoes  brown butter vinaigrette amp applewood smoked bacon 
 my uncle made toasted marshmallow milkshakes. summer campfire smoke in my mouth.  
 i busted my jar today wit my weed in it 
 the blue duck breads their smoked fried hot chicken with red hot riplet @yelpstlouis lets get the word out to stl 
 on the plus side though its been two weeks since i smoked last
 little cesars came out w new . called smokehouse. brisket  pulled pork  bacon   smothered w bbq sauce  
 @dandb200 @oakleysbistro @charblueindy very tasty chicken fried duck hearts with smoked beets salsa 
 wheres corral city  texas follow the smoke to 407bbq 
 from start to finish  this might be the best pork tenderloin ive ever smoked...the pulled pork is amazing 
 whatever i smoked today had my ass floating
 @gordonramsay rate my aged cheddar mac and cheese with smoked pork sausage and white truffle oil 
 im still juiced off the fact my uber last night gave me an apple to smoke out of
 shaping up to be a great weekend smoked ribeye egg white omelet.. what mr. montrose does on the weekend 
 roasted scottish salmon scallion marinade steamed asparagus poached egg hollandaise and smoked truffle salt 
 they playing tshirt. and lebron smoked a dunk
 wed be rollin round together while id be rollin my weed
 this nigga smoked a layup again
 talkingdead smokey and the bandit easter egg
 @standaloneexe you smoke the boba out of there
 @ainteeentrippin lmao he smoked chicken
 i will never forget the day we bought weed from a random dealer at kfc on bethel then had a kfc worker roll our blunt before a game
 @mikechaney88 @smoothcannon she smoked the blunt with chopsticks  im in love
 smoking meats in february is awesome.... smoked meatballs and mac n cheese masterbuilt 
 my brother really took my weed beads that i got last night from mardi gras.
 freshbuzz easter egg smokey and the bandit
 freshbuzz talkingdead digging the smokey amp the bandit trailer ultimate oldschool easter egg
 suggestions of bacon smoke.  sweet overly and a bi... smoked maple syrup imperial stout  photo
 all i need in life to be happy is weed amp wine
 14 hour smoked pork shoulder  pulled pork this week for 1 lb. @ westfield  indiana 
 all i need in life is weed amp wine
 been finding weed all over my house today 
 i smoked two cigarettes last night
 new smoker......but of course  perfect for smoked salmon lovers.   salmon smokedsalmon 
 i smoked this blunt before i got on my plane to new orleans imma roll another one once i get back to my house 
 finna smoke the last bleezy of the night
 do yourself a favor and smoke that cigarette before eating the last pop tart
 it might be late but im getting at these smoked ribs.
 it might be late but im getting at these smoked ribs. 
 have you ever smoked or roasted our beef back ribs these were smoked at 275 for 4 hours. they 
 watercress  potato and smoked salmon salad. one of my favs from @gordonramsay pdx 
 how to turn sweet potato into charcoal 101 with tj  yes  there was a lot of smoke and yes the 
 when you smoke the herb  it reveals you to yourself. @bobmarley
 i cannot be the only person who geeked out over the smokey and the bandit easter egg in tonights thewalkingdead
 being 19 is cool but being the mayor of flavortown is cooler @ guy fieris smokehouse 
 plating the duck dish of our chefs tasting menu  cured and smoked @mapleleaffarms duck breast  
 @iodonkicks they getting smoked
 apparently a mexican restaurant in roswell has weed in a salt shaker xd @ roswell  new mexico 
 i smoked a lot of weed today
 menu cover @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  temecula 
 last delivery of the day and i get offered weed lmao if only i smoked
 on a scale of one to chicken caesar salad at midnight  how good is your weed. foldthedishes
 we out here @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  tempe 
 @brittanysimers um...maybe check the batteries in your smoke alarm
 once upon a time i smoked errrrday. 
 i had a smoked manhattan tonight. i cant get over its amazingness.  cocktail manhattan 
 i been smelling weed all day today and it makes me sad cause i smoked all my weed last night
 @kentphotos sent it to carter but havent seen it. great save since all smoke alarms were disabled. posted on hfd f 
 smoke weed and eat tacos. yessir
 i thought id be able to re up tonight so i got rid of the last of my weed pls hmu to smoke or something 
 just smoked @wizkhalifa joint with @dbli90 . today was crazy .
 usgs08111500  brazos rv nr hempstead  tx  heavy rain 0.84 inhr over the last 15 minutes  
 now its officiailly ok to freak out all the time about ganja white night amp boogie t thursday 
 then time to kick off another week  and to start burning that smoked sirloin. and the brownie amp 
 usgs08111500  brazos rv nr hempstead  tx  heavy rain 1.56 inhr over the last 15 minutes  
 2.32 inches of rain near hempstead over the last 3 hours. txwx 
 @carlruiz i know its not a smoker but even on propane i was able to smoke these ribs @opieradio take some cooking 
 skillet baked eggs with smoked salmon and dill   . . . . lepainquotidien nyc manhattan 
 ive smoked myself extraterrestrial . high monday  highsociety hightimes blunted trippy 
 monday special smokehouse croque madamepepperjack cheese  pulled pork  bechamel amp a fried egg on toasted brioche  
 @mac12gotti i had already smoked my last blunt lol
 aint monday great @ coal creek smokehouse bbq 
 no days off in the weed industry  cream
 nearly smoked up my friend cus i was thought there was opps about.
 monday special the great white north  maple turkey breast  canadian bacon  smoked gouda  
 @lambhummus then bake at 375 for 35 mins  for spices i used salt pepper garlic smoked paprika and nutritional yeast 
 @tonybasilio tone  that missouri team would get smoked in the rocky top league.
 two 30mg addys  4 pack of red bulls  some cigs  and a lot of weed the damon d guide to studying
 i woke up late and didnt get to smoke that roach i saved for the morning 
 a blanket of grill smoke covering the dude last night as the dawgs topple texas tech. on opening weekendtheres no 
 is it pulled pork or pulled chicken neither our smoked jackfruit is the meatless option for 
 i smoked so much last night
 218 bfast french toast amp smokeys  geocache walk  lunch chicken soup.  lake bonfire 
 tgstudiocity  smoked jidori chicken and cheddar panini tendergreens studiocity laeats 
 i smoked so much weed yesterday im still high 
 houseground burger  applewood smoked bacon charred onion  homemade sriracha mac n cheese . 
 drinking a smoked stout by @schlafly at @schlafly   photo
 potato chippies spiced with smoked paprika and dipped in just ranch and bbq sauce. smoked paprika is the best 
 i couldnt tell you the last time someone smoked me out  been my own supplier for a min.
 so i smoked in my car last night and today an officer had went in my car for something....
 enjoying presidents day with a barn burner. sabra espresso  applewood smoked cranberry 
 the hartley ave. chef venturing into smoked foods now... @ princeton university  new jersey 
 national ffa week 30 off all livestock shirts and twistedxboots @ smoke hole caverns 
 plus weed 
 presidents day or bagel  lox  cream cheese  pickles  bagel  smoked sturgeon  cream cheese 
 steak tartare  aged dijon  fennel  red sorrel  mache  and a touch of smoked sea salt. 
 @mariahpee @mellonns last time i smoked was with mello
 nomnom  best smoked meat sandwiches ever.  @ centre street deli in vaughan  on 
 @nonbinarymilf the scene where anne hathaway and chris pine ride horses in the smokey night
 fishermans breakfast smoked salmon omelet amp red onion served w arugula salad labneh cheese 
 collard greens with red bell peppers  onions and smoked ham hocks  fried chicken with truffle 
 set off the smoke alarm while trying to make mac amp cheese   lol mondays are hard..
 i ate smoked salmon on a bagel with eggs amp capers ampi need more
 this is the reason @bellagio s buffet is so freakin good   smoked salmon w capers amp tartar 
 beer craftbeer last night at smokestack at magnolia brewing. excellent recommendations from 
 slampepper jack cheese  pickled jalapeos  peppered smoked bacon  foodporn 
 love the neighborhood smokehouse  this is a bbq must grateplate 
 just weeded and raked our flat grass. in february. right in time for it to snow again in a few days. utah weather is tops.
 i just smoked the last of my weed 
 my first smoked chicken wings and  by far  the best  prepping for lundigras photoshoot at 
 8 more days try the smoked oysters poutine @fannybayoysters now thru february 28 poutinechallengeyvr 
 my mom has smoked about 12 packs a day for the last 40 years and she finally made the decision to quit and im sob 
 bbq @ magnolia smokehouse 
 last night smoke some sherm but tonight ill try crack
 @thatschoolcraft smoked fish dip and crackers at the bottom of the us braggingonmytrip andmyhoney 
 holy moley. sea bass with smoked potatoes. delicious. @gramercytavern 
 done building for the day  beer and a smoke on potus day  
 i bought a sack yesterday after 3 weeks....lols and only smoked .5 of it lmaaaao
 monday night smoke choice cohibacigars wesmokin lotuslighters lesliesbarbershop 
 when she make fresh ogbono stew and smoke turkey 
 time for some real bbq . texas style @ lockhart smokehouse  @planolockhart in plano  tx 
 i feed vong well... seabassandpeas sousvide @ patricks smokehouse 
 the smoker tray for my grill was the best 5 purchase ive ever made.
 a perfect end to family day fired up the barbie again and smoked some ribs and chicken wings. 
 bbq smoked chops  baconlemon green beans and baked potatoes 
 smoked turkey  smoked chicken  baked beans amp potato salad  food 
 my leek soup topped with chicken meatballs and smoked paprika. 
 @romsteady probably want to test the smoke detector before tomorrow
 try our new bbq smokehouse pizza for 9. brisket  pulled pork amp bacon in bbq sauce w a savory crust. actual pictur 
 @jamessh07054823 hes making a slow  dark roux in the oven  has chickens on the smoker outside. no doubt torturing the entire neighborhood 
 sarah sounds like shes smoked 3 packs of cigs a day for the past 10 years @bigred88
 im eating smoked salmon on a bagel with the capers amp im singing broccoli like @bigbabydram
 after they both smoked weed ... 
 blackout drunk last night. choked my cousin  screamed at my bf for 30min. smoked a cheeto. dropped on my knees  puked amp wiped it wmy hands.
 mardi gras is almost here  got cake  we do boiled shrimp to po boys and smoked meats. also 
 farro risotto with sauted mushrooms  salt cured egg yolk amp house smoked gouda from @laruegso @ 
 i swear @djfreshx3 soundcloud account got the best beats to clean the house to after youve smoked....   u the best fresh...thanks cuh
 poutine and smoked meat. thebachelor
 well nite time here @ wright compound  son chilln  smokecat1 knocked tfo on bed calicocat2 under bed bsn eol 
 954 smokethorn trl  richmond  tx 77406  317 757 4 beds  3 baths 
 anyone have an outsidethebox sauce idea for a smoked porkhambacon and pineapple wbrown sugar bbq sammie
 @pinpointnc has a amazing clean water filtered catfish that they brine  smoke  and pan fry  the 
 me and kyle are having a great conversation about smoked meats
 so happy i can smoke weed without worrying ab a piss test  lol
 proper way to eat coleslaw is actually on a smoked pulled pork sandwich.  
 me and andrew use to hot box a car like that red one when i use to smoke  
 about last night. goodtimes @ joes on weed st. 
 follow @drinkhempwine for updates on the best new white wine in nys it is the only hemp infused wine in the united states drinkhempwine
 heres a topic we can all agree on except you vegans  but why cheese. cheese is awesome. smoked gouda is my favorite. why is yours
 more than a little excited that i have local access to @humphryslocombe dark chocolate smoked sea salt. its on.
 its the second.and last time i ever smoked hokkah. it sucks. how can even someone smoke it. fucking bullshit
 do smoke detectors fritz out during daylight hours
 nights like this i wish i still smoked 
 i really smoked out of a gah damn potato yesterday
 @gordonramsay smoked turkey breast. thoughts 
 @andylvlac after 3 blunts of the quietest weed ive ever encountered.
 slide on a late night and smoke
 im at @bonedaddys house of smoke in dallas  tx 
 alcohol amp weed just made my night 
 ive only smoked once today. proudtweet
 this weekend when i smoked that backwood lmao  
 i just smoked an extendo in honor of presidents day salute and thanks to 44 of 45
 we had the entire street smoked out
 late night smoke sessions w you are my favorite
 i dont smoke bud. so yes  i think its an astronomical waste of time  but bud pales in comparison to the dangers o 
 every time this ugly devil kick the door the smoke detectors start chirping
 aint smoke in a month and some change
 home made tacos beer weed amp movies.
 no weed no nothing welp calling it a nite 
 i bought a pack of cigarettes at 5pm. im the only one of the 4 people i was with that smoke  and my pack is gone. disgusted in myself.
 i just want someone to smoke a stogie w at this time of night
 3am and our smoke detector just went off for no reason...
 brought my pillow to a pothead apartment for the weekend amp now i shall slumber w the aroma of weed leisurely surrounding my head
 my smoke detector has only detected when im making some bomb ass food
 just want somebody i can smoke with during late nights like these 
 remember that faux coup hes muslim brotherhood..it was done to weed out the secularists 
 i just smoked a zip and made my dad call the cops
 @politicaljudo @lotusoak and theres an epidemic of prescription drug deaths right now when readily available marijuana is preventive 
 anit smoked in 3 days
 they start looking smoked out 
 taco tuesday special smoked chicken taco saladpulled chicken  romaine  tomato amp southwest veggies in a crisp flou 
 im at randys smokehouse amp bbq in new boston  tx 
 wake up and smoke the inspiration
 whens the last time you heard marijuana ruining a life.... alcohol on the other had
 whens the last time you heard marijuana ruining a life.... alcohol on the other hand
 kendalls up in smoke bbq  
 montreal smoked meat with yellow mustard on rye is your tuesday lunch special @ fox bros barbq 
 cheeses on my grilled cheese yesterday mozzarella  white cheddar  rosemary whipped goat cheese  smoked gouda  brie amp havarti.
 holy in the weeds today deliverin
 lunch with us meatloaf sandwich with smoked ketchup and onion crisps or meatloaf dinner 7.95 
 hickory smoked for 16 hours and hand cut per day. beefbrisket homemadechili brisketsandwich 
 the storm trooper this menu staple has been rocking for years smoked salsiccia  parmesan alfredo with parmesan  b 
 the storm trooper this menu staple has been rocking for years smoked salsiccia  parmesan alfredo with parmesan  b 
 the storm trooper this menu staple has been rocking for years smoked salsiccia  parmesan alfredo with parmesan  b 
 smoked way too much weed this weekend my chest is fucked
 idk what type of weed that was i had last night but im just now coming down from my high 
 lunch ribeye on the webergrills smokey joe gold and afternoon porkribs on the webergrills 
 time to smoke some dopeeee  
 western and smoked salmon @ kettlemans bagel co.  college square 
 testittuesday eges @townofeg tuesday is a great day to test your smoke alarms and carbon monoxide units 
 i just smoked and this was the first thing i saw  
 yo the sound of a smoke detectors battery dying  is the worst sound ever.
 is it time to legalize marijuana in texas 
 tgstudiocity  smoked albacore crostini  chopped eggs capers chives pickled veggiestendergreens 
 just tapped our beer manager stephen just tapped wicked weed basic white bier. this is a 5.5 abv very rare belgium white ale.
 daily special garlic and oil base  smoked nc middleneck clams  caramelized onions  taleggio cheese  local arugula 
 cowboy cobb  marinated steak  chopped baby romaine  applewood smoked bacon  hardboiled egg  
 i must clock out for lunch  but smokers can take 8 paid ten minute smoke breaks. 
 playing in china aint always sunshine and rainbows. in fact  most of the time its smog clouds with a side of cigarette smoke.
 just set the smoke alarm off in my apartment because i burned the sweet potato fries i was cooking.. obvious sign i should stick to cereal
 handmade smoked yukon gold potato ravioli for lunch  anyone see you soon |  @alexhon 
 my throat had been sore for 2 days and last night my voice was all raspy  now today i sound like ive smoked a pack a day since nam 
 rare beer tuesday  tapping wicked weed barrel aged french toast at 4pm 
 feeling for a smoke meat soup with son nice dumpling
 for my only day off i choose to re watch as many episodes of weeds i can
 just woke up and smoked all my keef 
 @misskrist619 i ordered the firebird amp the chicken was burnt amp overwhelmingly smokey. my friend ordered the poutine amp the fries were cold 
 first time having poutine... @ smokes poutinerie in toronto  on 
 my coworker saw my jar of weed and he was like oh you sell and i had to explain that thats my personal jar hahaha
 @mummycomic you still have to smoke the fish  then.
 hansa haus brewery lichtenhainer soft wheat amp sour nose  refreshing tart with light beechwood smoked finish 
 sheet pan crustless quiche with smoked salmon and goat cheese  .  inspired by the saturday 
 @mummycomic you need to add them to your inventory until you find the proper place to smoke them.
 yesterday when i had some smoke 
 who the fuck builds a house with different smoke detectors that require different batteries
 salads and weed 
 hooters smoked wings are life
 its a privilege to smoke  so ive heard..
 the best bacon burger  smoked cheddar  pickled red onions  mushroombacon aioli and bacon at 
 today i found out ive bought weed from a police officers son  how has your day been
 have a bad day  just smoke some marbs idiot
 late night geeked upk everybody smoked upk @pdeyoungnudy
 im thinking about making smoked salmon pasta again tonight
 today was such a better day than yesterday. no one messed with my car  my weed guy came thru  everyone showed up to work on time 
 @cselley @davidreevely smoked salmon and cream cheese  ya pillock
 just todays special. house smoked blt a must try @ the gastro grill 
 bouta smoke some og kush called peaches n cream
 thats the face of a guy who just smoked a 719 2000m row. nice work  scott  teamchampion 
 @humanstein @threeoranges @bayoubabylon he smokes for me. mentally i smoke 12 a pack a day
 im at texas smoke bbq in jefferson  nj 
 i can not tell you how sick i am of seeing weed syrup poured in a sprite bottle on my timeline.
 i did that today while i smoked some marbs with @jarwillie 
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed the whip
 i dont like nonwwe alicia on the truth commercial.  i want to smoke because of these commercials.
 holy smokes today was a good day. new staff . got to see @shrutishekar. great event. fantastic run. what more could a girl want
 last time me peyton and majeski all smoked together we almost died in a car crash so im kinda scared today
 ugh that loaded cream cheese bagel amp coffee from winchells is not sitting well with my stomach  i need to go home amp smoke already.
 was this cannabis pie or chicken 
 getting my fill of bone in wings.  special tonight @ jethros n jakes smokehouse steaks in altoona  ia 
 i smoked cigs and drank beer for a solid 4 hours just sitting on our porch tonight
 i smoked and then went tanning so i felt like a rotisserie chicken guess who
 have u ever smoked weed before
 jp23 in oc tonight @ jp23 bbq amp smokehouse 
 black bloc armed marches plus corner 2.50 spreading plus hemp signs 
 in my attempt to bake a cake tonight  i smoked out the entire house and my family  so we all have headaches now  but the cake was great
 meal prep for the week smoked tofu salad imsofancy sohealthyithurts @ montreal  quebec 
 scottish smoked salmonnnn 
 so was there a massive thunderclap or did i smoke too muchuhhh....tobacco.... seattle thunder
 who smoked idina mendel and why 
 raines farm wagyu beef strip with oxtail  rapini  sweet potato  smoked onion belladines 
 new good morning breakfast is served with these fancy creamy baked eggs with smoked salmon. 
 oh you smoke this bitch is a pothead 
 i need someone to smoke with when i get off work late at night
 i feel like smoke eaters made honey sriracha wings specially for me 
 @govolx certified gradea smoke
 my team got smoked in dodgeball tonight . now all i feel like doing is getting in a workout.
 when you smoke the herb  it reveals you to yourself
 i smoked my last j im so blown rn 
 @chrislhayes sometimes the cliche fight fire with fire isnt a cliche its just the only weapon left to get rid of the smoke
 technically im not straight edge. its just that nobody has ever asked me to smoke with them. 
 q how many times you smoked today 
 we ended up hugging and him crying for a cool minute on my shoulder weirdest acid trip ever but he smoked me out so it coo
 mascarpone  chive amp smoked salmon crostini to get the party started crostini canapes 
 @ellahiemaria was made to weed people out
 blunt smoke to the eye is actual death
 we smoked out
  i smoked a bowl for breakfast best thing ive heard all day 
 i smoked with my boss today lmaooo
 i just smoke and fall asleeo to family guy every night
 im just being honest thats what got the last n smoked 
 ok gettin some late night yummy nosh yo smoked chickin wings not ma 
 late night smoke session
 our apple smoked cheddar and honey sriracha gouda made this grilledcheese the best weve made. tip always add mor 
 double smoked bacon 
 @m1ssunshine it was reported smoke inside a house...everything was ok. apparently twitter went down last night amp our call feed didnt go out
 streets of gold and good cannabis
 spectacular pumpernickel bread  with smoked salmon  avocado  capers and a soft poached egg great start of your day 
 why did i put lipstick on before i smoked
 @canardslacbrome citrus cured amp smoked duck breast  citrus endive relish  salted pinenuts  cherry gastrique  
  . . . friedchicken friedandtrue kwawesome soulfood  @ the lancaster smokehouse 
 great way to start hump day is with bagels  cream cheese amp smoked salmon pc niralichauhan 
 the big dawg beef crunch wrap. smoked beef brisket  deep fried pickles  coleslaw  crispy onions  mixed greens amp bbq 
 wednesday special vegetarian mushroom burger with coleslaw and carolina gold. soup smoked tomato. scottish ale is 
 they in court openly talking about marijuana ...they all excited thisisus
 just two white dudes smokin weed in a mercedes convertible with the top down  parked on the street
 my friend ordered a quesadilla  10 wings  a slice of   and an antipasto salad at 230am for delivery and we fell asleep bc we smoked omfg
 @ericdephillips youll get smoked on these streets  son 
 i got a lil bit of weed. @ hacienda heights  california 
 champion tacos  2 tacos  smoked baby back ribs  jack cheese sauce  pico  avocado sauce  honey badger bbq   stl 
 bowl of beef stewmade with smoked prime rib  collards  and toast 7.99 girls night out 58 pm
 i dont smoke weed bc its bad for you. btw i was so drunk last night that i started throwing up blood
 think i smoked a little too much last night
 paid you every week to sleep on a couch and smoked your feen ass up on the daily lmfaoo  goodbye 
 i smoked for 2 days in a row and i already feel like life is being ruined lol. im over it.
 @madisondelg tbh i didnt know you smoked
 222 bfast life cereal grapenuts.  smoke grilled cheese. 
 karli just sent off the smoke alarm in her house by making grilled cheese.... iconic
 braised short rib cappelletti with smoked dates  bleu benedictin and vin cotto.  ontonight 
 whats for lunch cubano  ham  smoked pork butt  genoa salami  swiss  pickles  mustard  ciabatta eastmemphis 
 wed. featured panino speck  lightly smoked prosciutto  fresh mozzarella and basil pesto sauce on artisan bread. t 
 im at greaks smokehouse in alvin  tx 
 if you havent tried @stanleystruck youre missing out soft shell crab blt with smoked mac n cheese. rose and mike 
 check out how martins potatorolls makes the perfect @potatorolls for our smokey  mouthwatering pitbeef sandwiche 
 my first @jassumkral red knight.  wont be my last  tasty smoke fellas  spicy little treat...nowsmoking 
 gold miners getting smoked
 stonedbroadway joe turners come and ganja
 fried green tomato blt  house smoked pork belly  sweet tomato jam  pimento cheese  frise 
 low country cooking this evening. smoked ham and chicken stock is slowly simmering. this is 
 king cake shake omg @chasitymariek @ frey smoked meat co. 
 now black smoke fills the sky on pulaski hwy where all services tires in rosedale is engulfed in flames. 
 15 new varieties of flower to choose from. check out all our strains amp other cannabis related products @weedmaps 
 wicked weed brewing botanical  gin barrelaged sour with strawberry and rhubarb.. 1 per customer... 
 strozzapreti with smoked pork  apples  and mascarpone . so good 
 delectable apple  onion amp brie crepes with a side of smoked maple bacon  buon appetito from  
 im at randys smokehouse amp bbq in new boston  tx 
 sandwichoftheday spicy porksausage patty  cheddar cheese  serrano aioli  smoked onions  pickles  tomato  arugula on a pretzel roll
 todayssoup smoked tomato bisque  coconut red lentil dal  chorizo sweet potato kale. vegan 
 @adamdelong14 you smoked crack
 smoking weed getting head in the oval office i changed the stars on the flag into crosses
 cant smoke any weeds 3 weeks before and after my surgery... good luck to me
 907 smokethorn trl  richmond  tx 77406  342 874 4 beds  3 baths 
 ive come to that point in my adult life where im literally excited to pick weeds in my yard on my day off bc theyve been bothering me
 lunch vailsnow @ wildwood smokehouse in vail  co  
 mmmmmmmmm brunch pizza with eggs  broccoli rabe  sausage  and smoked mozz  from gelsoandgrand 
 i just smoked last night
 skipping class to smoke n get chipotle why am i like this 
 randolphs smoke house. southcentral @ randolphs smokehouse 
 @swearyg smoked sturgeon my favorite  beluga caviar and onions on a bagel with cream cheese  ....hold the havana
 got some organic jalapeos on the smoker with some nae steaks later. this ones for you agvocates.
 @bmoredrew also smoked this bad boy today. many thanks 
 a little steak amp potatoes  before i smoke my cigar 
 laphroaig plus pig tail plus smoker equals  smokedmeatbytheseashore @ houston heights  texas 
 creamy smoked salmon alfredo food dinner 
 oops.mistyped. i ran against kory sheets in the 4x200.he smoked me and i ran a 24 second one.felt good for a fatass 
 the smoked chipotle hot sauce gt
 american dream this sandwich is insane. crispy chicken  apple wood smoked bacon  lettuce  
 the birthday girl birthdaygirl @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  
 dude i smoked nothern lights last night and for real that has me feeling nice and sleepy
 honestly i would fully live off of smoked salmon bellies  avocado and black fermented garlic if i could.
 has anyone ever had midwood smokehouse
 whoever came up with the low battery  completely random  middle of the night smoke detector chirp can rot in hell for all eternity. hate you
 my fatherinlaw made smoked cheese. im happy gob 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque in valencia  ca 
 cold smoked soft poached egg frisee salad contraban   chef personalchef foodporn foodart 
 sneak peak of @lolosmiamis tacosafterdark entry at @sobewff. smoked mushroom tacos with @tabasco chipotle sauce. 
 dinnerfortwo german  german potato salad with a twist smoked keilbasa  spiralized potatoes 
 beyond excited for ganja white night and boogie t tomorrow oh muhhh gawdddd
 mmmmm dinner ... frontierpotato frontierbbq @ frontier bbq amp smokehouse 
 meat. @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 fourth course jolly pumpkin weizen bam roasted poblano  smoked trout  ancho cinnamon hush puppies   brussels slaw. 
 @katiemasters29 usually i go with smoked gouda or pepper jack  but today i only had provolone so i made that work...
 oh my hickory smoked pig feet and tail. smokingtail hickorythatmeat @ houston heights  texas 
 me doesnt smoke for two days  me wow im so straight edge xx
  @ green street smoked meats 
 @expatjake @melanieeresman it was good too. my best friend dealt and smoked it for the longest time. now hes ceo of a qc company lol
 @jaketurx 3.45 min into clip. discussing white house weed out hate concept with mike pence in st. louis 
 @melanieeresman @expatjake wed sit at dunns  eat smoked meat and laugh at the freaks on st catherine street..walk home at 7 am
 salad plate  frisee with cold smoked soft poached egg. sweet hickory. lemon vinaigrette  chef 
 if there is anything i miss about my last relationship its last night smoke sessions
 angela had pulled pork  smoked chicken and fried green tomatoes  bbq hog theshak forestcity 
 i could live off homemade smoked carrot lox on everything bagels with tofutti cream cheese. 
 anyone who likes shameless should watch weeds  
 shameless  smoke  snacks  and sleep is all im on tonight
 right cause im just trynna work  oooooh good weed white wine  
 cold smoked salmon  pea shoots  radish  bacon lardon  lemon 
 just smoked two joints but dont call me doublejointed 
 i just bought weed legally at a despenary 
 if i smoked tonight would most definitely be the night id be getting high 
 @nocturne1 @mattyglesias @chrislhayes what a weed walker thats it bannons telling germanys guy one thing pence is playing clean up a mess
 i almost forgot that i smoked weed out of a sprite can yesterday.
 i smoked a lot of marijuana today... 
 tonight vip private fisherislandmiami poulet rouge sous vide  smoked potato pure  morels  
 only things i worry about are how white my teeth are  school  money  and my weed. feel special if i squeeze u in there
 these haters wouldnt give me a ciggy aka a smokey aka a lightemup aka a chube tube  on fri so i made them se 
 my downstairs neighbors smoke alarm has been doing that low battery beep for over 24 hours now... how could anyone possibly stand that
 wine  amp weed  justus 
 best weed i ever smoked 
 my weed man forever available fresh hip replacement keep him neutral  theseyoungniggasparttime findyouadrugdealerover50 
 late night smokes
 kierra just full on walked into my room and woke me up to smoke. fuck a 9am class 
 1201 engross the installation of carbon monoxide and smoke detection devices to provide a penalty and to prov... 
 i dont smoke  but whos holding up this flag  
 whos down for a real late night smoke 
 they literally smoke all day night amp dont party  so why of all times do they choose 1258 am on a week day
 tonight i won the jackpot on an arcade machine  smoked weed outside of dave amp busters  and drove through hollywood with the top down 
 the creepiest commercial @abc  ive ever seen why texas teens dont smoke maga vault7 keepfighting 
 done with weed it had me in bed  before 10 last night 
 the music smokejazzclub last night was  fabulous thank you kjdenhert for your wit and wisdom. 
 im lightshow   who you i smoke pack you too 
 texas legalizing weed
 ugh i shouldnt have smoked this morning 
 @jammy14116710 you smoked all that weed 
 i feel as though corny ass wannabe twitter famous douchbags from the qc probably smoke mids and thats why they do this corny shit 
 nothing like getting woken up by a voice saying there is smoke in the office. how do false alarms like this happe 
 @gordonramsay smoked goodness... 
 if you say im a bad guy.. thats a lie  smoke my bros out on an 1.5 extendo last night
 when ur smoke alarm batteries go out at 3am and u got no sleep @csydelko 
 if i smoked monday amp i got drug test this monday coming up will i pass 
 convo i overheard in srt  weed is not a drug  its a plant. its like if you smoked a potato. exactly i wanna smoke a potato
 wings you and weed make me happy 
 anyone else drooling house smoked pastrami  homemade dill pickles  housemade russian 
 in this weeks openclosed where to get smoked ribs  @junkfoodcos mac amp cheeza  spanish tapas  much more  
 old blue bbq had a delivery yesterday we are now a proud 2 smoker family bring on the bbq bbq bbqlife 
 if i could stop coughing like i smoke 3 packs a day thatd be great
 do folks still flash their high beams on the opposite side of the road if smokey is up ahead checking for speeders resist
 420q smoked chix sand with an alabama white sauce served with a side 8.99 lunchdeals hhbbq 
 its almost here  cant wait for the debut of j. renders smokehouse brunch this sunday  feb 
 for those who havent read it my most recent piece for the @bunowcom after dark section  the truth about marijuana 
 we have the famous smoked wings 
 have you tried the taco de puebla its smoked lamb shoulder  roasted garlic yogurt  and chipotle salad. 
 countdown to @rodeohouston wcbbqc w chokin on smoke @fox26houston 
  i wouldnt have made it this morning without weed
 triple c smoked amber now available on tap.  @triplecbrew beermenus
 lmao i remember i smoked a hundred blunts in my moms truck prom weekend.
 crab stuffed sole  smoked potatoes with roe staffpicks @ ned ludd 
 i hit the weed i told myself the last time would be my last 
 ...no because i just smoked 2 jays at the same time on my smokey shid and reallllllly listened to it  you were sobe 
 when you get weird off of @snoopdoggs second hand smoke.  alldefmovieawards got lit last night 
 so so so so sad i didnt get a ticket for ganja white night before it sold out 
 someone drive me to ganja white night in philly next weekend
 wish i was going to ganja white night tomorrow 
 matt every shot an 84 today. how much dope did that guy smoke last night
 mac n cheese smoked wings. yes. you read that right. tossed our peachwood smoked chicken wings 
 eat my mac n cheese and smoke my weed
 beautiful day for bbq fredssmokehouse @ freds smokehouse 
 @theisiahd @joltaksmite smoke mallard93
 werners made me lunch. and dinner. @ werners smokehouse 
 thursdays lunch special rustichella pasta with smoked mozzarella amp meatballs 
 i smoked two joints in the morning
 brooklyn enter to win a pair of tickets to @nycbeerweeks smoked x cured seafood brunch this sunday  226 
 wish i bought weed so i can keep it in here instead of my emergency teabag  
 im so excited to smoke
 when i used to be a coke head my lips was crusted over. my face was crusty. i always licked my lips. cotton mouth off the addy and weed.
 new thursday smoked prime rib special.   yings n wings. 8.99 wings  add a yuengling to your order for only 1. 
 todays sandwich special. house smoked salmon  herb cream cheese  chimichurri dressed arugula  
 just feeding some weeds to my chickens after gardening  
 great job today atty meghan sullivan reviewing marijuana in workplace voters said yes  employers can say no in wo 
 i smoked wax for the first time yesterday 
 oh yeah... french dip sammiches using a smoked eye of round. delicious  
 father treating autistic daughter illegally with marijuana  seeks changes in texas law 
 crispy pork belly  braised daikon  smoked tomato  pickled ramp  shiso chef cheflife chefsnack ramps yoshi 
 some random dude asked to use a lighter and pulled out a blunt and smoked me up  god is on my side lately guys
 im at sonny bryans smokehouse in dallas  tx 
 who got a whip we can box in  well smoke you up
 heavy reverse grip bench was a huge success for me smoked 275 and almost got 300 banded 321 was very smooth  form is locked
 then there is schulte  herrs smoked trout salad  which i could eat nightly. mefood 
 finally got to slice my pastrami @gefilteria i smoked it in the oven. seemed to steam. smoked on the stove only. n 
 goonda smoked porter now available in growlers.  beermenus
 hot. hot. hot. horseradish sauce hotsaucedguys @autograph @shawnwasabi wasabi.and.tofu hempseeds 
 for all you vegetarians...  spice rubbed smoked grilled tofu and hoppinjohn with red pepper 
 been jigh since last night  amp all i wanna do is smoke again 
 been high since last night  amp all i wanna do is smoke again 
 made rocky smoke last night. she coughed her life off and threw up her soul. i died for a minute 
 @logicked sweet or dill and what is montreal smoked meat
 bouta cook steaks amp potatoes w smoked sausage. 
 so in my womens studies class my professor started class by saying how last weekend she smoked a fat blunt and watched lego batman in 3d 
 just tapped otto  a bambergstyle smoked mrzen. soft beechwood smoke and lovely caramelized 
 granny quit smoking cold turkey and shes smoked for 30 yrs
 oh my this is the bestest of the cooked meats @ bone daddys house of smoke in lubbock  tx 
 spinach maria crusted grouper over  smoked gouda grit cake with seafood gravy...oh and a glass 
 the first time i smoke with ryan this nigga had me freezing on that damn porch
 2nd course.  pinot noir crusted swordfish  smokes coppa  candied shallot  asian pear. 
 @itsfoodpics our loaded fries smothered in cheddar  @usingerssausage  smoked bacon  carmelized onions  topped wit 
 but they also dusted my fingers for explosives bc i smoked before i went in 
 have you tried our smoked pulled chicken @ sweets amp meats bbq catering 
 lox fishy they have the best gravlax here. colors piscesseason @ kristapsons smoked salmon 
 im buying lay halal guys because last night she smoked me up  gave me chicken. shared her duck sauce. and offered me henny.
 what did you smoke today 
 connecting recreational cannabis to the opioid crisis is alternativefacts fakenews 
 considering the white house is stepping fbi attention on marijuana im going with no 
 this turned out to be a timely @kgwnews investigation. same day white house addressed feds stance on marijuana. 
 get in my belly whenintexas texasbbq @ lockhart smokehouse  @planolockhart in plano  tx  
 in 8th grade i wrote a speech on why weed should be legal and presented it to a bunch of priest and nuns at the sch 
 dinner last night smoked sausage  spicy black eyed pea salad and mac and cheese. dinner 
 yesterday smoke free. today  slipped up  always tomorrow stopsmoking
 oyster and stout night winter edition @ smokehouse brewing company 
 the @theabitabeer is cold  the meats are in the smoker  crawfish simmering in spices and we have 
 trivia downtown paris  now plus up in smoke bbq @ rooster brewing 
 when in texas.... texasbbq addingtomylist cureatandeat @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 @ramonroblesjr dammit ramon stop stomping my tweets. i know your a pearland resident also. gonna have to have you over  for my smoked ribs.
 im making homemade dark fudge brownies with cayenne pepper for a little kick. id rather add weed  but fresh out. 
 i cant wait for tchami and borgore next month and crakdat in april and this weekend ganja white night 
 yooo i just smoked weed out of a vape and it made my day. so weirrrd
 @meepsheeps it was in this episode of hotel hell and this guy showed him a jar of herbs and apparently it was weed
 @meepsheeps owner yeah its basil gordon oh i love basil sniffs in jar gordon that is definitely not basil is this cannabis owner...
 ubereats @ lakewood smokehouse in dallas  tx 
 breaking white house threatens marijuana crackdown  via @change
 @njcraftbeer first brewery patio night of the year with smoked wheat at @eightsandbeer 
 about to make love to this smoked pork chop with bacon jam
 @ayeshacurry smoked st.louis ribs with green papaya salad @sobewff turnberryislemiami  @ 
 @isaiahrashad i got vip tickets to tour show tomorrow man  can i smoke a blunt with u
 girls night out. getwicked avl mommyandme photo365 day54 @ wicked weed brewing 
 breaking white house threatens marijuana crackdown  via @change
 @foxnews @potus discussing weed out strategy with @vp at jewish cemetery in stl yesterday  
 here with wife mother and father inlaw february 23 2017 thursday  705pm @ lucilles smokehouse 
 and last time i smoked gas i almost crashed a whip
 after two soccer games tonight  i realized that i have the stamina of a 50 year old man that smokes a pack a day
 i seen alotta people change over weed amp lean
 last day to smoke weed so you know im about to get dumb..    
 also next week  smoked pork quesadillas ..  chefzee djzee hotfoodexpress @ hot food express 
 a little martini and smoked salmon pizza. datenight momlife camarillofun 
 smoked so much weed tonight...
 @moemoney it was all spencers damn fault because he left a pack in my room and i smoked it i remember the note
 house made brioche stuffed with mushroom duxelles and smoked ham. 
 champagne wishes amp caviar dreams  caviar benedict with smoked sturgeon  diced ham  and 
 i have good news.. im saving for my retirement.. i smoke 3 packs a day.. id like to be dead around 2036
 i smoked with brio for his bday monthsup
 a rare find  smoked and cured fish board ... only @campfirevibes travelerandtourist @ campfire 
 redick was candid about continually getting smoked by gsw lately. theyve lost ten in a row to the warriors after tonight.
 @rareweirdo the first thing i smoked out of
 meghan used to smoke papers
 @chrislhayes private prisons for marijuana users then replace undoc workers with inmates in the fields. trump traitors scheme to maga
 watched my mangers kid for her and her payment to me was 50 dollars a jar of weed and a six pack how thoughtful
 @presssec blames weed for the opioid crisis in america  what a bought out loser. keep making that money for the pharm companies you tool
 times like these i wish i smoked weed so i can be passed the fuck out 
 so why do smoke alarm batteries always start chirping in the middle of the night definitely a conspiracy.
 im tight the cops poured all my weed out last night now i dont have a blunt to smoke on my way to work 
 white house hints at marijuana crackdown  
 i just smoked too 
 late night thoughts...ugh i need to smoke ..its so cold amp i have to walk to my car
 today marks last day i ever step foot in walmart on berry and hemphill thanks to kayla...the disrespect is a shame. management @walmart
 papa smoked w me @ 420
 best time to smoke is at night
 400am  rv camper in alley behind my building. firefighters called. i go out and watch. and smoke a cigarette. the irony.
 if they take away our pot do we just storm the white house how does this work giant smokeout on the white house lawn
 potheads lookout cannabis industry roiled by white house comments on enforcement  via @usatoday
 @presssec @realdonaldtrump truth matters. cannabis is saving thousands of americans from opioid death and addiction. 
 happy friday our breakfast special for today is smoked salmon  an over easy egg  and cream 
 cant smoke with cecil no more  he was tweaking all night 
 fresh andouille before the smoker. @ magnolias kitchen personal 
 i smoke 200 hunnid blunts just to get me through the night
 just heard this dude talk about how he smoked 8 woo bangers last night
 i got a really good nights sleep last night. a little nap turned into 9 hours. only downside is i didnt smoke that j ...
 we are offering our veggie and smoked salmon rolls we have a limited quantity so get to the 
 yo them woods is like magic bruh. i swear when i smoked that 1 dutch last night i was not high but when i smoked them 2 woods i was lit 
 im so petty. i be falling asleep leaving a spliff over almost every night  started feeling defeated so i smoked em both quarter way. 
 @cpeak this is what we heard back from the sheriffs office it was yesterday. there was a smell of smoke in the sao office.
 like have you ever smoked with someone who couldnt control themselves
 i shouldve smoked this morning
 its so nice out were making our chix salad for          the cluck chicken salad  smoked gouda  spicy pepper r 
 weed is harmless. weed is harmless. weed is harmless. weed is harmless. weed is harmless. did you hear me @potus  
 2nd period class someone brought weed and it smelled so bad and same w my third period weirdday leavethatshitathome 
 white house hints that marijuana crackdown is coming 
 bruh   i smoked some key lime kush last night
 breaking white house threatens marijuana crackdown  fridayfeeling cannabis freetheweed
 breaking white house threatens marijuana crackdown  fridayfeeling cannabis freetheweed
 2 weeks until freedom  mountains  and legal weed
 my first ganja white night show is okee next weekend. i feel like ive waited my whole life for those wobblez
 white house hints at enforcing marijuana law  
 white house hints at enforcing marijuana law  
 whos hungry smokerschmitt club with german potato salad pictured. see you soon. 
 woke up like wtfukkk what happened last night  then i saw that i didnt have any weed and i was like o das what i did. hulks and henny 
 we are opened and ready to serve fresh hot steamy smoked bbq.
  bampc market bbq specials today  smoked ribs  smoked salmon  amp grits. come see us for lunch 
  bc melrose bbq specials today  smokes ribs  smoked salmon  amp grits come see us @ 2617 franklin pike 
 rubinfused american cheese smashburgers on a toasted bun with smoked tots  10   tonight at the taproom 
 lunch is on were featuring a smoked meat sandwich with horseradish aioli and housemade chips. 
 Corpus Christi: TX: USA
 getting smoked in the jungle
 customers smoke detector kept going off in the middle of the night.  a new hardwire battery backup smoke detector 
 im going to ganja white night tonight... but its not for the music lmao
 @mattyglesias more air time on the weeds for other topics 
 goonda smoked porter now available on tap.  beermenus
 i shouldve smoked this morning 
 tomorrow  wicked weed can release party 4 awesome beers in cans  specialty drafts  swag  and live music..open at n 
 im so glad i got to smoke doyles strain last night it was a beautiful night
 our smoke house from the 50s. 
 i smoked two joints at night 
 theres smoked salmon on my hands and i ran my fingers through my hair like an idiot so im going to attract all cats and seattleites today
 lunch  bbq yay @ oakwood smokehouse @ grill express in wildwood  fl 
 i smoke weed  god dammit
 house smoked salmon board. get on this @ ob surf lodge 
 my cousin bought me a weed jar as a gift for agreeing to be her maid of honor at her wedding 
 delicious lunch with these lovely ladies.  @ black dog smoke amp ale house champaign 
 wicked weed basic white beer now available on tap.  @wickedweedbeer beermenus
 apparently  the white house might crack down on weed. so in the meantime  here are the laws regarding driving high. 
 friday night pizza special in sunprairie get it while it lasts.  smoked tomato sauce  hand 
 im gonna be fried tonight cause i havent smoked since monday
 kielbasa seasoning  for fresh or smoked  smokedmeat iga meat steak sausage bacon bratwurst hotlink 
 sneak peak of tonights dinner special... house smoked bbq brisket topped with slaw on an onion 
 yesterday  the white house compared marijuana to the heroin epidemic in the us. i dont even smoke weed amp i find that absolutely hilarious
 helped a pack and a half a day smoker get his first setup today  and passed on the quitting tricks i know  hope it works i know im thankful
 not breaking any news  but crisscut fries and smoked brat hit the spot. 
 lunch brought to you by kim jong smokehouse. the pine street market has a bit of everything. portland 
 lunch break at the big horn smokehouse throwdown @ snow summit  big bear 
 on the other hand my papa smoked me some bologna and some ribs and they are fire 
 o @ smoke plus in everett  wa 
 for the first time in my life i just bought weed legally. 18th of a 
 burger of the day pastureraised beef wegg  smoked gouda  bacon marmalade  bcbb bbq sauce  fried onion amp tiny far 
 dinner tonight crostini w smoked brisket  pizza w potato  gorgonzola  radicchio and chili chitarra w dungeness crab 
 @rosaaagordillo i smoke nine blunts a day dont @ me i did the new york porker last nite i am god
 sicilian patatas. italian beef  mozzarella on potatoes with a smokey ricotta sauce. appetizer 
 check out the smoked meatloaf sandwich w pickles onions  cheese and mustard aoli. did i mention bacon 
 the weed is all free              party all night.   tonight everything is on me  the bitches the hotel the weed is all free
 @kingjames the weed is all free    party all night.   tonight everything is on me  the bitches the hotel the weed is  free
 @dylandcarl the weed is all free    party all night.   tonight everything is on me  the bitches the hotel the weed is  free
 @gheadicus the weed is all free    party all night.   tonight everything is on me  the bitches the hotel the weed is  free
 @juice3d the weed is all free    party all night.   tonight everything is on me  the bitches the hotel the weed is  free
 @justinbieber the weed is all free    party all night.   tonight everything is on me  the bitches the hotel the weed is  free
 @amytalkington the weed is all free    party all night.   tonight everything is on me  the bitches the hotel the weed is  free
 @leodicaprio the weed is all free    party all night.   tonight everything is on me  the bitches the hotel the weed is  free
 pot smokers will argue till the death that it doesnt effect their abilities. denial why are potheads usually unemployed or on temp jobs
  trump branded russian flags made the rounds at cpac where theres smoke  theres fire. 
 house smoked scallops with a beet pure  citrus salad and garnished with fennel fronds and pear 
 the white house press secretary compared weed to opioids  gtf
 indywingsweek   day 5. late lunch posted even later but smoked wings with white bbq from @emberurban were fall off 
 woke up off a bar just to get a call from babe to tell me hes coming over to smoke on his lunch break. 
 girls night buffalo style weed  wine  wings  pizza  and gossip.
 mardi gras sneak peak tonight frog legs with smoked tomatoes  and garlic butter sauce  couldnt be better. 
 well deserved after a tough and long week wings bbq igfood  @ smokehouse tailgate grill 
 def hittin up the weed sto this weekend. what a week. 
 howilikemycatfish cooked  fried  raw  sushi  and smoked
 jackbourbon @guyfieri smokehouse bbq bourbon ohmy @ guy fieris 
 @stoptrump2020 @realdonaldtrump @lindseygrahamsc @senjohnmccain @senatorschumer @maddow marijuana is like legalizing tobacco alcohol periods
 when you have a hot smokergrill from an earlier cook and some thawed out chickens. @ pig in a 
 white house hints that marijuana crackdown is coming 
 corned beef house toronto  montreal smoked meat burger. great food.  if you havent been then 
 you cant go wrong tonight 18hr smoked brisket poutine  smoked pork steaks  shrimp n oyster 
 tomorrow we return repost alementary with smoked baca frita and fried chicken sammies 
 just smoked a 4 gram blunt i aint moving til sunday
 our special special effects is red smoke. thelifeofaproducer creative filmmaker onlocation 
 these nights are the best. @ smoke on the water restaurant 
 @char79 smoked on 420 two days in a row
 32 vista 21 ian duncan smoked one in from the top of the circle
 spending my friday night shopping for a surprise party and then going home to smoke and watch shameless. 
 fried pickles yummy @ slap ya mommas smokehouse amp bbq 
 i dont really care for smoked dark beers  but apparently its more appealing to m... smoked ipa 
 smoking with a rasta  they pack the chalice with ganja amp tobacco dampened wwater  prayers to bless it before we sm 
 pasta wroasted cauliflower  lemon zest  parsley amp aleppourfa chili chevoo with a side of smoked duck breast  yum 
 i just burnt to a crisp microwaveable boneless chicken wings and probably could have set the smoke detectors off wifematerial
 a super delicious gf  vegan mac and cheese casserole. it was very creamy with a touch of smoke. 
 im eating smoked salmon amp a baked potato.
 last ganja score at ganja farm orange hill  this whole thing plus more to equal one oz to last us the remainder of 
 i aint smoked in a week 
 thyme to smoke the eggs.  salad course.  fresh delicious  cheflife personalcheflpd 
 dollys everywhere. williamsburg brooklyn @ mables smokehouse 
 rollin up the weed while i count the cake
 isiah smoked the lay up 
 stuffed gargantuan prawns with smoked bacon  dukes mayo amp blue crab stuffing  grill bread  and 
 the white house linked opioid addiction to recreational marijuana 
 in the mood for some smokehouse right about now
 listened to this song last night while i was high and fell in love. idk if it was the weed but this ish fire  
 late night smoke out. cigarsocietyofsouthflorida botl sotl @ ashes cigar amp lounge 
 she brought me home chipotle amp surprised me with weed  coronas amp the drivein to see 50 shades darker....shell get 
 bbq in chicago | brisket ribs @ green street smoked meats 
 @lolurnothannah you going to doctor p tonight or ganja white night tomorrow
 shane in weeds is the debbie gallagher of shameless
 last time i was here for ciaa me and @yrnpistol3400 was riding round smoked out  rip p
 just ate some smoked wings from @rylonsbbq i highly recommend you to stop through there when you in the chi
 called myself trying to update my health insurance stuff tonight but they tried to charge me 15mo for tobacco usage but ive never smoked.
 bein in the army....  gettin woken up at 1133 to get smoked
 awesome songwriters round at jim olivers smokehouse w nikki chavez tonight livemusic songs 
 smoke to death or just smoked  
 bout to smoke this l and call it a night 
 @reckleznebula your smoked
 im smoked out  
 i smoked the marijuana  my friday night was great  
 i have late night weed cravings rn but i have to study for my midterm. 
 i hit the weed i told myself the last time would be my last
 need a late night smoke buddy
 i smoked my last bowl today. thats it.
 late night smoke 
 its almost 4am amp im still up watching weeds 
 i smoked a lot today 
 the smoke alarm is chirping at 3am for the second time since ive moved in and i hate everything.
 im being forced to smoke out of a sweet potato
 4 a.m. smoke break 
 so i smoked in a rolls royce tonight it was greattttt 
 huge cannabis farm was staffed by trafficked vietnamese teenagers several thousand plants were discovered  with 
 new smokehouse combos. ribs amp bone in chicken  smoked in house served w3 sides delicious. @chilisjobs 
 i smoked hella blunts with fam last night. last time a grandparent passed i smoked hella blunts with my fam. bonding time for us.
 bro our waitress straight sold us loud last night and we smoked blunts at the table on the patio amp had 4 pitchers. why i love atlanta
 quinoa salad w smoked trout... the halfway point of our epic 3hour  8course  chefstable tasting menu 
 i successfully did not smoke last night while i was drinking. proud 
 honestly i been paranoid ever since i saw it amp now i couldnt even smoke a blunt on my porch last night  
 i smelt weed last night and never had the urge to smoke so badly.
 its a can party all day with wicked weed.  2 single wicked weed cans in house consumption  special drafts  swag 
 had legit the best time of my life at ganja white night last night. it was my first show like this but it wont be my last 
 i took 3 naps yesterday  literally smoked a few blunts and took a few shots last night and was still knocked out by 3.
 enjoying a double smoked bacon  cheddar and egg sandwich. starbucks has a offer card....  
 today we get to go on our high times tour.  aka the weed bus.
 we almost need a bigger egg... @ patricks smokehouse amp beer emporium 
 first day all week that i can sleep late  and the fucking electrician is testing the smoke alarms. 
 a notsobasic brunch.  photo whisksandwit southernbrunch @ blue smoke 
 i just want some chicken and some weed.
 a smoke detector is beeping in my house and im being too lazy to get up and changed it 
 classic mtl. montral smoked meat. foodieapproved foodie brunch nomnom @ pork amp pickle 
 morning smoke and son reggae to start the day 
 bite into one of these smoked chicken wings and youll come back for more every saturday  smoked to perfection 
 got all this weed and cant smoke none of it until my mouth heal 
 turkey philly smoked turkey  monterey n green chile cheese  sauted onions n peppers on a hoagie pregame 
 what drugs are we doing cocaine adderall alcohol weed... rusty chicken
 mardi gras shrimp sliders 2 smoked shrimp sliders  lettuce  tomato  pickle  and house remoulade sauce mardigras 
 making our eyes water and mouths salivate in anticipation of our smoked salmon blini with lemon 
 now selling scottish smoked king salmon. come in and try it today and serve it tonight to your 
 how do you quit weed cold turkey 
 tasting room lunch special  applewood smoked chicken pomegranate bbq  chipotle scented onion strings  brioche bun 
 house made everything biscuit with green goddess cream cheese  pickled red onions  nova smoked 
 i ate smoked oysters with hot sauce and crackers for breakfast imdifferent
 devilled eggs with smoked trout amp jalapeo. yesterday at toups. great restaurant. 
 my idea of a good date is chilling in the whip smoke a few doobies while listening to al green and talk about life.
 damn neighbors smoke more than a damn bbq pit
 craving country breakfast veggie chicken apple sage sausage  smoked cheddar creole grits  sauteed greens  scratchmade cinnamon rolls...
 beerbreakfast special @theredhot today 9amnoon smoked porkbelly s.o.s. tacoma tacomawa brunch porkbelly 
 purple weed gold gars blowing on that cougar nation huhhhh
 this makes me happy winterintexas @ froberg vegetable amp fruit farm  greaks smokehouse 
 todays special...the breakfast burger. 12 pound burger  hash browns  cherry smoked bacon  
 best brunch ever. no pictures of the food  because we were too busy eating. but holy smokes was 
 its a shame when you smoke so much you have to separate it to keep track.
 the white house just promised a new crackdown on weed. 
 its a mixture of weed and chicken in the air in new orleans 
 im woke but im still sleepy we smoke so much last night i barely can get up
 great little bbq place in hartland @ hartland beale st. smokehouse bbq 
 @sraichlen hey bud  just saw you cook up some tbones on project smoke... good use of the spruce  that was a beautiful steak.
 yeup this is happening right now bacon brownies with our own smoked bacon bestbbq 
 montreal style smoked meat and @steamwhistle beer  bestlunchever
 i only got three hours of sleep bc i smoked a lot and then spent the entire night furnishing a house on sims.
 skillet hash smoked pork shoulder  sweet potato and rutabaga hash  poached eggs  and 
 best sours around @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 today is such a beautiful day...and not cuz i just smoked or anything.. kindasmoked @h3llafaded
 made smoked salmon poached eggs for brunch with @drericrussell  
 stop by this weekend for two classic specials the breakfast schintzel and smoked chicken enchiladas breakfast 
 ate a weed chocolate and saw get out last night...what a trip
 the cannabis industry is freaking out over the white houses comments on cannabis robetalk 
 nicki got smoked for 7 minutes on a diss track that hundreds of thousands have listened to already... and she responds with... sales
 specials today crab is super limited   a fresh batch of smoked salmon belly candy and our 
 bbq beenherebefore ribtips kingofhastagsintraining @ ricks smokehouse amp grill 
 the perfect awards night pairing a sparkling bourbon fizz and smoked bacon popcorn @crateandbarrel  sponsored 
 tart in just the right way.  drinking a hemp gose by @goodwoodbrewing at @goodwoodbrewing    photo
 chipped. hot. @ byrons smokehouse 
 60s of bacon on the smoker today 
 so last night i was casually heading to my brothers house and saw a burger with smoke coming out...
 grilling hamburgers for 8 hours for church @ food booth.  smell like grease  smoke  amp meat.  should i
 chinese chargers reportedly causing iphone 7 plus to get too hot and smoke
 i had a good ass time last night with the girls  drinks were amazing i swear i felt high asf when @dolleeeyy and jason smoked 
 completely forgot the smokepurpp concert last night wowwwww wtf
 just remembered that last night juan amp i rolled a joint using a receipt amp actually smoked it successfully  done
 mmmm  smoked salmon bellies are back @seattlefishguys  their squd salad is off the hook 
 airing out my condo after forgetting i was heating up a jar of coconut oil. its been almost half an hour amp quite a bit of smoke remains.
 the smoke detector in my dorm room says to replace it by 2003 so thats pretty cool and safe
 special smoked bleu cheese grits with blackend jumbo shrimp  12.00 all night long @ corner 
 drinking wicked weed  waiting for more wicked weed kegs to be tapped taptakeover 
 braved the snow for a 440 smoked pepper at og. beer craftbeer brewery mibeer micraftbeer 
 i only smoke when its dark out  im on a ski mountain  or im already wicked drunk
 nah it didnt meek got smoked 
 wicked weed saturday @ the beer growler winstonsalem 
 im pickin up some pack rn wats the deal @bigerecords @gnealz @killbighead link  work smoke
 wicked weed oblivion now available on tap.  @wickedweedbeer nocoorslight intheberkshires beermenus
 had the time of my mother fuckin life last night. ganja white night amp boogie t...thank you  firstshow 
 try the cheeses steak supreme holy smoked @cheesescrust  grilledcheeseyvr today @moodyales 
 freshlytapped wicked weed french toast stout. wicked good taptakeover @ the beer growler 
 @92wayne she must smoke mid
 b1g on the road is rough.  and purdue is getting smoked.
 lunch lucilles lunch margarita givemeallthedrinks grandmacathys91 @ lucilles smokehouse 
 the midwest is a weird place in the north where people wave confederate flags  smoke weed  and pretend to be hippies.
 first time  pretty excited. @ captain stans smokehouse in woodbine  ga  
 i smoked so much last night that i woke up next to a bag of open chips
 2 pork shoulders and some smoked jalepeno  bacon  10 cheese mac n 
 start your oscars night party right with hors doeuvres made with wild alaska smoked salmon 
 a great start to the weekend  wicked weeds barrel aged french toast imperial 
 cherry wood smoked chicken wings and kielbasa finished bbqdetroit truecooks yougottaeatthis 
 all that money and he can put new batteries in the smoke alarm  
 2 @olemisssports wins today @killerhogsbbq smoked chicken 14s on the @biggreenegg and a good fire to keep me wa 
 outrageous smokey chickenwings @casadumetz @ casa dumetz wines 
 im at baileys smokehouse in blauvelt  ny 
 jealous of the homies seeing ganja white night tonight 
 im at silver spur texas smokehouse bbq in elm grove  wi 
 not anymore williams smokes one to the gap to clear em. 81 tcu in the seventh.
 freak bleu off menu chix thigh  smoked ham and cheese with white fire sauce @ cib brewery 
 my grandma gave me 100 before she passed away but i bought weed instead  jalaj
 tobacco smoked pork shoulder  collard green slaw  sweet potato guacamole on a paper plate wsnc 
 i think i get @chilis  smoked chicken quesdillia 2 times a week. its my favorite.
 lost about an 18th of weed in the dirt last night it was pretty sad
 first course cured copper river sockeye salmon  beets  smoked yogurt  herb oil  everything 
 imperial smoked stout to warm up your rainy evening @greenportbrew devil whale imperial stout now pouring
 sun dried tomatoe goat cheese ravioli  kale  grilled prosciutto and smoked olive oil 
 maybe if you didnt make weed more important than me you wouldnt be feeling this way when you hear the truth
 i smoked like 910 blunts yesterday... no lie...
 even though it is nationalclamchowderday  we are still loving our cayucos abalone chowder with smoked yukon gold p 
 i know i have asthma and my ass still continues to smoke 
 memphis meets montreal  our classic poutine topped with slow smoked brisket  chicken or pulled pork 
 ian just lost at odds and now has to smoke hot sauce
 just used my very limited hebrew skills to thank the israeli teenagers i bummed some weed off of
 if i were a chicken wing  id be smoked  @lozano96ryan
 tanners father has access to all of this  smoke up you dumb fucks.
 been coughing up all day  smoked some weed  havent made a peep
 byu gon get smoked
 i could really go for a mean ass steak right now but for now ill settle for these smoked chicken wings ..
 encocada de meek  grouper in a coconut stew with fresh heart of palm and smoked avocado by 
 applewood smoked bacon  mac and cheese burger guysamericankitchen newyork yum food 
 now that is a texas word  time for enough smoked sirloin to choke a donkey vapelife vapefam mechmods 
 cavs getting smoked
 what do you do with leftover smoked pull pork and chicken....smoked pulled pork and chicken 
 theres been so much change  but you can get smoked by a white person for little to no reason and theyll get away w it.
 not to mention fresh pulled smoked bbq pork with canadian maple bacon on fresh buns mmm 
 needs bacon. oh  and some smoked gouda. 
 vrba at the age of 30 and continues to smoke cigs @applejax35   
 @mykaeelaa @morganholzschuh @jimmyjohns aka pulled over and smoked a bowl
 i need whiskey  marijuana  and something with melted cheese and not necessarily in that order.
 me if i sold weed 
 all i did today was get drunk and smoke weed  thanks matthew 
 i made it out of the house 3rd day in a row  this time to socialize with strangers at a cannabis dinner. all w cannabutter  oils  tinctures
 the liquor only put me in mood to cry and choke up. so i pulled out the raws and smoked up.
 house made brioche bites stuffed with mushroom duxelles and smoked ham. 
 i done smoked up so much money in the last 4 days 
 im about to smoke myself to deaf.
 late night smoke sessions gt
 parade smoke. @ midcity new orleans 
 tonight was da first time i smoked outside in da cold in forever
 im out having wings ans beer and somebody is talking about the countrys economy and weed legalization 
 yes i had a drink but i smoked
 on air right now till 5am on @hot975vegas  cannabis cup weekend here only on hot  turn me 
 shout out to the females who smoked me out tonight 
 i tried convincing rosie that she smoked crack
 hope it doesnt rain all day tomorrow. i have this beautiful cut of meat  just waiting to be smoked out.. 
 just got out of work but my coworker just pulled out the weed and offered to drop me off home so im winning at the end of the night.
 i bummed a cigarette from christina last night my first in 1213 years the way i feel this morning reinforced why i dont smoke. 
 what a beautiful site... 8 slabs of st louis ribs  and 4 pans of smoked smack mac n cheese.... 
 tonight was so smoked
 500 thoughts someone to sit on my face  lowkey want to watch where the red fern grows  i smell like smoked wood  texas aint shit
 we will be at cabelas today for the ducks unlimited gun bash giveaway  114 with bbq  nachos beef hot dogs and  our smoked macampcheese.
 company this sunday. just put on the collard greens with smoked turkey. also having fried chicken  potato salad  corn bread  amp carmel cake.
 but realistically smoked the whole day yesterday
 they made the girl on barstool smokeshow snaps cover up last night after her last time on there 
 brunch at soulbrewstjames buffalo homies  cookie dough pancakes and smoked salmon eggs 
 home cured 72 hour cold smoked bacon with blake truffle salt. homecuredbacon bacon blacktruffle 
 @airalex23 i smoked around a quarter last night  but wyd blunts and froyo
 after last night im glad i only smoke tree and dont do nothin else no more  last night was a wake up call
 im in a weed coma rn. been high since last night i woke up high. imma smoke another facial 
 who said iirish food was bland | smoked salmon salad  srirachalemon aioli on a boxty.  a 
 not just bacon... applewood smoked bacon brunch 
 @tomperriello u sounded over the cannabis questions yesterday but could be a part of antiopioid death platform 
 sunday...im thinking of a quick brunch  1 hour sun session  nap and then smoke signals tonight.
 home smoked pork belly  eggs from the property...  country life 
 gym  stockcar racing and smoked meat today brother jn
 brefasssstttttt. mascarpone amp smoked cold salmon.  
 mimosas and hemp blunts for breakfast. 
 scrambled eggs  applewood smoked bacon  jack and cheddar cheese  potatoes  and green chiles  
 beer amp bacon night exclusive.... smoked strip bacon  crispy fried onions  year aged cheddar amp 
 this strain i last picked up has got to be the top five best weed ive ever smoked
 my mom made weed infused empanadas for my cousin last night. lmao
 schwartz deli smoked meat sandwich. oh so good. foodporn 
 @bawseygal yes  how much do you need i move french fries like weed i got grams of fries and up cause the salt grow more erryday
 like today i woke up to smoke the blunt i rolled for myself yesterday just to find that it was already smoked.... can u imagine my rage
 last night our uber driver pulled out a joint and smoked us out
 stuffing my face with delicious delicacies at the smoked amp cured brunch. pairing beautifully 
 fooddancing  bollywood smoked salmon
 because my daughter has a cold every 2 weeks basically  when she laughs she sounds a little like a 75 year old woman who smokes a pack a day
 news media outside waiting for the white smoke. savannah stpatricksday grandmarshalelection
 brisket benny @ red lion smokehouse 
 listen to ganja white night  spring tour 2017 promo mix by ganja white night np on soundcloud 
 the unicorns spine of gold rapunzels hair falling from the smokestacks
 the unicorns spine of gold rapunzels hair falling from the smokestacks
 woke up eyes still bloodshot red from the smokeback last night
 today shall be filled with weed and outdoor activities 
 judging by the aroma of the employees  many grams of marijuana were smoked to bring me this wonderful hotdog. petes 
 @mickcwmbran @telfordblues @jclongaire @millermanchris this is poached eggs hash made with smoked brisket potatoes and awesome biscuit
 almost got smoked head on by a drunk driver last night scariestmomentofmylife
 checking out the new brunch menu @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq  
 last time i smoked wit her she passed out .. nigga thought she died on the weed
 poached eggs with smoked salmon tomato and asparagus on english muffin. nyclife brunch @ eat 
 just like this blunt that i just smoked. @pdeyoungnudy
 butter and garlic creamy pasta smoke flavored baked fish and some type of side i havent decided as to what that will be.. chill day
 sunday home made brunch  creamy scrambled eggs topped with smoked salmon brunch sunday 
 last night i had one of those lit up drinks they put in a treasure chest and burn the leaves and today my hands still smell like the smoke
 no bis i was in the rotation last night  dont even smoke lmao.
 sunday dinner ribs hickory smoked porkchops america 
 venison and smoked gouda bierocks...... seriously yum  homecooking germanfood @ lawrence  
 trell still sleep off da weed from last night
 remember there is only one authentic montreal smoked meat in vancouver and you know where to get itonlyatdunns 
 our smoked steelhead benedict  poached eggs  smoked oregon steelhead  melted leeks  baby spinach  hollandaise  has 
 young dolph was bouta get smoked luckily he had a bulletproof whip
 glazing a smoked turkey breast and making mac n cheese. comfort foods for the week. sundayfunday
 well thanks for the 4.0 gpa  marijuana. 
 @spencerb98 he would of gotten smoked though  because im assuming hed be in my division 113115
 wine amp weed type of day
 i got madison to try a marijuana lollipop last night 
 @thecoolismac i got kicked out last night for the reefer freetheweed
 ouchea @ sweet lucys smokehouse 
 chef kristin is serving up a classic buttermilk pancakes  smoked bacon  pure maple syrup topped with hand whipped 
 this version 6.3  lots of smoke  get more rye spice than pecan... smoked pecan altbier  photo
 fresh out of marijuana 
 today  there shall be smoked trout canaps for appetizers  homemade meatballs and sauce  salad  
 hes pretty excited to be racking dried weeds  dont you think reclaimtheplains 
 and the award goes to... golden bourbon fizz and smoked bacon popcorn. get the recipes at @crateandbarrel sponsored 
 choosing between a smokey bloody mary and mimosas by the pint will be the hardest decision of your weekend sundayfunday brunch
 im at dukes bbq smokehouse in tx 
 im at reds smokehouse in tucson  az  
 who ever can relate that smoke was a biiiiitch last night 
 alpha omega winery private after party bbq and smoked pig roast. 
 last night i smoked with my coworker and she was hella chill then she told me her bday was next week too no wonder lol pisces things
 smoked herb crusted smoked atlantic salmon on the menu at the mynatt abode this evening. @ 
 things that make me happy. @kehlani  red wine  weed  amp avocados
 rochester night consisted of an 8pm undergrad rager  weed w pledges  baseball at scottsville frat house.  i was 18 again last night
 at the time of his death  trayvon martin was suspended from school for traces of marijuana ..   he shouldve been in class.
 hoof hearted brewery  marengo  oh  i only smoke after sex imperial stout @ 9.8 abv...killer 
 i smoke my own weed amp i mind my own bidness
 vegas sunday sunday sunday specials at oasis medical cannabis vegas 710family 420 
 kickbacked amp smoked a fat wood w @iamhustlegod last night  he a real one and will swoop your bitch lol
 manufacturing marijuana with a firearm
 i just smoked a chicken with my car 
 manufacturing marijuana in a slow cooker with a firearm
 yooo night ganja white was one of the best house sets ive ever seen in my life.
 1 in 4 overdose deaths last year were heroin related. this administration will try to tie that to marijuana somehow...
 lunch... @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq in tustin  ca 
 its literally 3pm and me amp myah just woke up bc of how much we smoked last night hahah
 gouda amp smoked gouda w limburg flag toothpicks vastelaovend carnaval chicago 
 pathetic that the sabres lost last night. better smoke the yotes tonight
 them hickory smoked chipotle bbq wings i made earlier was crazy
 @kevinrod11 no way he smoked more then me then i did today in those last 2 days @mikechadwick22
 lunch with momma and sis @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq in chino hills  ca 
 i dont remember the last time someones texted me and offered to smoke me out haha lt
 im in elgin all night. someone stop n smoke w us before i gooo
 im in elgin all night so someone stop n smoke w us 
 follow the smoke to kelly green in @alysbeachfl were excited to be serving up some que. 30awinefest 
 a romaine salad bigger than my head brisket salad glutenfree bbq @ smokehouse 52 bbq 
 snacks for daytona   six hour smoked chicken golden brown n homemade 
 the lord knows my portion @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  henderson 
 ate the best bbq in texas with the best family in the world @ millers smokehouse 
 no visit to @lucillesbbq would be complete without an order of their beef ribs smoked to 
 new cannabis capsule is so potent it will replace ... 
 lil european smokehouse victoria  excellent 
 apple smoked trout fresh salad and lobster tail mmm mmm good 
 apple smoked trout fresh salad and lobster tail mmm mmm good 
 he is smokey like good bbq and beer all in one can. nice.... pulled porter dank tank 
 idc idc im inviting the whole auc to my wedding reception. henny  weed  and btj wings are free all night on me 
 i was going to smoke some chicken today when 14yo cody suggested fried chicken amp waffles  so 
 i have not smoked in over a week imagine that
 got smoked out all weekend that was love 
 im in heaven. @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 what a great night filled with food and an adult beverage even when i slightly smoke out my 
 everything smoked whitefish  doll cream cheese  sauerkraut. 1st course of one of the best meals ive ever had 
 made baked bbq chicken  broccoli amp cheese  and white rice im bout to smoke and smash then lay it down i work 7am11pm tomorrow 
 the most i ever spent on weed in new orleans was 100. and that was only 5 grams g.
 sunday  weed  fresh prince  all day in the bed
 i dont even smoke but that kb from last night had me high aal@
 i dont even smoke but that kb last night had me high asl
 im at @bonedaddys house of smoke in dallas  tx 
 probably just to set a talkingdead question. plus there was the lipstick on a half smoked one. 
 caesar salad  mushroom risotto and smoked steak strips.  dinnerfortwo foodporn @ colorado 
 i want someone to make a smoked salmon scented soap.
 my brother just bought a meat smoker...
 light the weed and pour the wine
 @glamorlushlife cob salad  chocolate cake  two bags of chips  spin dip  smoked salmon  asparagus  and a liiiittle bit of monkey bread.
 postspartan noms  garden burger  sweet potato fries corebylizeats @ lucilles smokehouse 
 it was almost worth being smoked by the falcons just to beat the cowboys and this dude again lol 
 black thoughts and marijuana.. its karma
 @amctalkingdead i need an oxygen tank and a full pack of smokes after that firing
 jimmy steve is on the first episode of weeds ahhh
 our last dish on tonight smoked brisket  caramelized carrot mustard  caraway and dill cabbage 
 @neverforgets i have weed and mac n cheese ubering over now
 love coming here @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  valencia 
 box of swishers box of magnums all we do is smoke and fuck
 who charges to change the batteries in a smoke detector oh thats right.. eagle point 
 the best smoked beef ever @ schwartzs montreal hebrew delicatessen  @schwartzsdeli  
 mix veggie tempura with creole seasining. garlic sesame buckwheat noodle. rich ponzu smoked salt 
 @theybettercadas  lol well i dont smoke honey. 
 about to smoke weed out of a potato
 @urbandriftman who smoked all my weed 
 about to smoke my feelings away  nun new
 i used to real life hate people that smoked weed now truth be told idk the last time i was fried out of my mind
 up in smoke  alien  ciaa2017 ciaa @ cameo charlotte 
 last week made a year since i smoked
 nights like this make me wish i still smoked.
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 @potus please leave weed alone.i know you dont partake  but many americans have embraced it.this should be last on your agenda.
 in need of a late night smoke buddy
 dagan dead ass smoked out of a pickle today 
 nights like today are the reason i smoke weed
 when your just trying to smoke peacefully but your roomate decides to do laundry 
 gordon ramsay burgr  gooey fries hand cut fries  vintage white cheddar  smoked gouda cheese  
 @brownsfan32 @mikev2168 how were they  comparatively smoked vs. cooked...not grilled
 breakfastisserved smoked salmon eggs benedict moonlight  boaz ft. cookie the monster amp hard tymez 
 when ur 16yo is getting a 10 yr sentence in a private prison 4 a bag of weed  u can alway rest on last nights oscar wins. hurray progress
 just got out of jail ..they gave me a dui for weed  
 sunday brunching at @rokbrgr1 in delraybeach. smoked salmon deviled eggs are everything. 
 dinosaur bbq smoked wingsexcellent from the winterfest wing walk wings winterfest syracuse 
 when you smoke  the herb   it reveals you to yourself.
 i was knocked tf out last night he went in the kitchen to roll the weed he was gone for 5 minutes by time he came back i was sleep
 monday morning smells like sweet tobacco and getting called out by my prof for reeking of weed when i walked into class 
  yes he smoked him  
 i hope to see a lot of you at ganja white night and boogie t at bowery ballroom friday night  beginning of my bday week celebration 
 making steakhouse beef jerky today. secret ingredients  montreal seasoning  smoked paprika  and @nyysteak sauce 
 good morning from smoke sum bbq   we had a great weekend at the lone star throwdown now back to business   have a fantabulous day
 looking for a bottom on cannabis stocks following the spicemans job as official naysayer last week.   
 my clothes are reeking of weed from last night.
 forgot i smoked in my car last night and it is raannnkkk
 i smoked like 10 blunts yesterday 
 wake up  clean the drugs up from the previous night and smoke whatever didnt get rolled   daily routine smh
 he smoked him  
 last night i had a dream i smoked heroin
 sandwichoftheweek smoked kimchi pork loin  smoked gouda  pickled ginger  garlic  wasabi aioli  lettuce  tomato  
 @mrlcancer yall got smoked last week 
 jennifer aniston last night  holy smokes 
 sweet mercy...was @stugotz790 channelling his inner divac with those weekend observations  sounds like he smoked 15 cigs.
 todays special is smoked duck ramen with a crispy fried egg on top. kwfood quack  
 this guy says a smoke detector made the difference last night in burke co. he lost everything except his life.. 
 im so tired due to he fact weed was being smoked last night and it smelt so awful it made our entire apartment smell nasty
 really lost count on how many blunts i smoked last night
 have you tried our puebla chicken antibiotic hormone free  yall served with mole  hemp 
 so he was almost out of weed 
 monday craft burger amp brew is a mush swiss paired with @gooseisland 1516 smoked beer. craftbeer 
 spinach avocado smoked tofu salad and melon water. yummy lunch yummy @ the chopped leaf  
 @yasstacks oh even easier lol  i smoked the night before still passed that jawn
 tonights tvdinner is smoked meatloaf with mac n cheese  stewed green beans  potato hash and a 
 use a carton of newports to smoke a chicken 
 cant leave texas without some bbq  lockhartsmokehouse @ lockhart smokehouse 
 todays lunch special  scallion chicken roulade pankocrusted | smoked gouda amp scallion spread 
 its lunchtime come get some fresh off the pit brisket at juniors smokehouse.  
 good food here in niagrafalls with udieiby29 @ frontier bbq amp smokehouse 
 havnt smoked a backwood in a week 
 always get sad when i get the grinder with anticipation just to remember that i smoked what i had in there the night before 
 jules bretons the weeders feels like a thursday in a 5 day work week almost done  just a little more to go ha231 
 bitches who just chill to get smoked out are straight corny lol
 i want to go back to the time when i was a freshman that smoked a joint in class while the teacher talked about politics 
 that ish dont happen with my hemp spinach. vegan govegan veganvlog healthiswealth birdflu 
 as clocks spring forward  5 tips to check smoke alarms  roc
 dont forget to change your clock to push 1 hour spring forward this weekend also  check your smoke amp carbon monox 
 getting my german on schweinehaus  smoked pork sand minus the slaw  fries  and spatzel amp beer 
 treat a nigga like a square he can get smoked 
 can you imagine if somebody with my skin disease was on lost id be waving around smoke monster treats by hour 2
 asheville craftbeer @wickedweedbeer @ wicked weed brewing 
 im at lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq in las vegas  nv 
 salamis and country ham in the smoker....kind of looks like a meat mannequin challenge salami 
 chef robinson is serving smoked bbq chitterlings warugula amp cabbage slaw at taste of black charleston friday tix@ 
 i smoked to help with my morning sickness  which didnt even last past my first trimester.
 @stewartmoore  do we know if he ever smoked marijuana as an adolescent
 home made smoked gouda mac n cheese for din 
 fair warning were making smoked corned beef grilled cheese with caramelized onions for dinner. youve been warned. 
 my professor last semester exempted my assignment that she lost and said it would affect my grade so i should smoke 
 broccoli cheddar soup on the smokey joe. @weberacademy weberacademy  grilllog @ holiday inn 
 this is how you smoke in a mustang. 
 just remembered how much weed i came up on last night. thank you for the gelato  @youngdolph
 nah durk really smoked too late
 feature dish house cured and smoked lamb tartine  house made rosemary focaccia  tomato jam  whipped chvre and spi 
 @wtop what is up with all the smoke
 i smoked about a zip this weekend
 the hazmats blew smoke directly in my face for a solid 3 seconds last night and that was literally my baptism
 so topic change  i smoked crack yesterday 
 breakfast  turkey bacon  avocado  smoked cheese  scallion. keto paleo primal  breakfast lchf jerf yummy 
 slow smoked pulled pork. homemade slaw  and mac and cheese. 
 do i get my ashkenaze new yorker card revoked for not knowing that smoked salmon and lox are not the same
 last call weed   booze  blow  x or a blow job make your decision.....
 rollin my weed
 .@sawdustcitybeer hey  fellas. are you paired with the smoked trout pepperoni guys again this year for @brewersplateto jonesinfortrout
 miss those late night smoke sessions at the trap 
 wood smoked avocado chicken. @ kid cashew 
 the boy brandon smoked this red gt on kings canyon
 he smoked him 
 workout babyyyyy push    @ north hempstead aquatic activity center in new hyde park  ny 
 showing @masterdevwi how to canadian with a montreal smoked meat poutine cc @northernzoot 
 whos down to smoke and sit in the hot tub tonight
 oh. mah. gawd. pappys bbq @ pappys smokehouse 
 my tattoo artist bought me sushi and smoked me out its lit
 just found out we got the house to ourself when i go to nashville im klowin my cous said just dont smoke in her house n do it onna porch
 amsterdam menu  first course  smoked salmon with gin sorbet  candy stripe beets and celery 
 meat just so well smoked  @ redbones 
 update beer can chicken amazing smoked corn amazing homemade garlic mashed taters lil too 
 oh yea and some smoked sausage for desert chicken pablano and cheese and jalapeo and chedar 
 @foodiechats @cruisenorwegian i must vacation every weekend smoked salmon amp bagels. biscuits amp eggs. waffles 
 havnt smoked today shoulder shrugs
 currently skiing the powder with this lunch to fuel me smoked trout salad with purple kale 
 @alexgolkar2 u smoked sativa this time huh
 for all concerned  i do know the difference between smoked salmon and lox  i just mostly eat lox and hadnt eaten smoked salmon in a while
 the smoked salmon in the philadelphia rolls smells like bacon. im not sure why that is  foodforthought
 how in the world do i manage to set off the smoke detector cooking mac and cheese 
 im in love homemade smoked corned beef  havarti cheese  caramalized onions  @dukesmayonnaise on the outside  webe 
 you smoked too much 
 golf is a dangerous sport. just today i took secondhand smoke for 12 hr on the putting green from a guy smoking a cubanfortheloveofthegame
 @718shamoney @askjamielynn  he didnt want no smoke the other night
 @calikroeker just black smoked me
 im smoked
 this is like my fourth time watching the show weeds  its that good
 @ohheyitsnessa you should have smoked him out 
 bout to smoke and call it a night
 new york is wonderful. i could see moving here.  pays 13 for a pack of smokes  this place is a hellhole and im glad 911 happened.
 i smoked while i was pregnant and my son smarter than me.  
 our coats both smell like smoke  whiskey and wine as we fill up our lungs with the cold air of the night
 pan seared red snapper  sauted brussels sprouts with hickory smoked bacon... natural light.  
 despite popular belief  even we take an occasional night off from smoked fish. panroasted 
 didnt know bojangles made smoked sausage biscuits. guess ill be having that for breakfast tomorrow
 wow this aint smoked salmon  its carrot lox with almond cream cheese made by  the very 
 check your smoke detectors 
 fresh burrata with tomato jam and smoked pork shoulder  hereshopingforspring 
 the last time i was at @firstavenue it was filled with smoke. cigarette and otherwise. my father on his last trip to first ave in 1980
 askcam most you smoked at once @cammeekins
 not even @gordonramsay could talk shite about my pulled pork sandwich. minus the fact i dont own a smoker. 
 @laurarosemary7 smoked meats
 @omahalyfttodd nodaks are deeply moved by smoked meats. he is sharing on a deep level with you. malebonding
 fuck you and your smokehouse
 morgans dad update  tonight he decided to leave all the doors open  then start a fire and smoke out my entire house. time1142 pm  monday
 bruh i was geeking but i think its cus this the longest ive made it into the day without weed in a hot hot hot minute
 picking up new batteries for my smoke detectors.   they get changed this weekend when the time changes.
 liv smoked week once and thought she was gunna wake up schizophrenic l m f a o
 on the last bit of weed getting super high  reminiscing on when it was just you and me 
 monday night revelation prime rib  smoked gorgonzola  roasted garlic  saison dupont. 
 im not finna smoke no .5 blunt save that for unc on da corner
 we met amp smoked out some white kids from gsu lol had the deepest group discussions ever shit was lit
 i dont even remember the last time i smoked
 mimi was smoked out at that club lhhatl
 son why this was me and i smoked two jays after since it was taking to long   i was so high i contemplated quitti 
 these smoked chicken wings from queology were one of my favorite stops historic  charleston 
 3rd shifters amp all nighters  its time for the monday night smoke 
 thankyou 420terpinator710  had an awesome time last night at the reefer madness sesh at 
 happy i did not smoke last night
 supportindie unsignedartist capitalrecords clevelandmusic smokehousebeats3 @ smokehouse 
 rollin my weed
 todays smokefilled  coughinducing  eyewatering skies in west texas sponsored by the sanford townsend band. wildfire
 where are you from  amarillo  texas  do you smoke meth   no 
 i know he has 4 armed robbery charges  3 possessions of marijuana  and 1 dui but he told me he changed 
 smokey amp spicy baked potato wedges organic potatoes  smoked paprika  black pepper  chili 
 whatever weed that was in @sirhashington blunt yesterday put me in a sleeper hold
 good morning. we have irish soda bread available. the soup of the day is smoked turkey split pea. 
 the smoke outside is from the gpas of students crashing and burning after taking midterms.
 nationalpancakeday atlantic smoked salmon or @loxpopuli private stock sturgeon tonight only amp trout roe on johnn 
 feeling all smoked out 
 fresh flowers  fresh coffee.  @ s. clyde weaver  smoked meats and cheese 
 the fact my boyfriend roots me on to chug that last beer  take that last shot  or smoke that last bowl  is pretty okay with me js
 i smoked a fatty rn y me siento como juan gabriel 
 @cedarrapidsfd thx 4 reminder change smoke alarm batteries when changing clocks this sun  safety1st 
 keep the ranch sauce  smoke the blue cheese
 supportindie caitydior 380caity trehoover grinding nonstop @ smokehouse beatsi made this 
 lol why did i smoke a whole blunt to myself last night and decided to raid the kitchen at like 1130 at night lol
 montreal smoked meat on rye with yellow mustard. tuesday lunch special. @ fox bros barbq 
 dope chill and smoke sesh with the guyz last night after a long okee weekend @muzzybearr @d1p3m @drakecambra oh and @funkmastermel 
 just putting together a new sandwich. smoked turkey with spinach and sun dried tomatoes and 
 i smoked last night amp this morning doe. i been sober for days. thats pretty good. ion think i can quit quit rn 
 like this new bud i got reminds me of the last jay i smoked with my dad.
 crawfish salad  crab salad  smoked trout amp smoked salmon.  omg it was good @ buckhead club 
 goodmorning everyone thanks for thee recommendation cuzzo jhyman an latisha. smoked salmon an 
 the good news homemade smoked pulled pork. the sad news well  portion control sucks  @ 
 central texas smoked brisket with bbq butter toast black pepper and 
 @chefedwardlee having a dinner party this weekend. exclusively from smokeamppickles.   thoughts on making curry pork pies pescatarian
 finally smoked last night and i was tripping 
 this cannot be stressed enough smoke detectors save lives..period contact @philly311 have @phillyfiredept @iaff22 
 i smoke me a blunt about everything then toast it up to the weekend 
 sweet n spicy surf n turf jamaican jerk single patty  3 smoked shrimp  pepper jack  pineapple chutney  honey bad 
 i got this lump in my throat like i smoked 3 packs of frontos last night
 just fuckin smoked my german test
 pitmaster melt smoked brisket  chedda  american  bourbon bbq  onion rings  pickle on sourdough smoked bbq beef 
 mr. nice guy  ganja white night night
 i like my weed with the cheese
 this weeks specials menu smoked corn beef burger 8 oz hand pressed burger with a mound of 
 @reggiewattz2015 nope gaels win outright brotha theyre due...they fuckin smoked byu tho easy 100. zaga fucked me last night
 you a social smoker only smoke when im rollin  round u im not rollin 
 you were a weed and instead of burning you i helped you grow.
 keeping madilyn in today. with her getting over rsv the last think she needs is to breath in smoke
 keeping madilyn in today. with her getting over rsv the last thing she needs is to breath in smoke
 lunch at our favorite bbq place for the day  @ bogarts smokehouse 
 new to the lunch menu ub smoked burger  fried onions  american cheese  pickles and bbq sauce. 
 @hopefloeck im seeing lots of updates. johnny called last night  said the smoke north of ama was insane
 yogurt bowl with fruit  hemp granola and honey for lunch. eatcleantraindirty healthyfood 
 was in the studio last night  smoke a wood today g @ryanxtaylor
 we thought it was time to bust out the old smoker for this weeks tacos weve got smoked pork 
 drew davis prepared spanish octopus w purple potato  garlic  fresno chili  smoked paprika amp herbs last night.  
 check out all that smoked meat goodness in our bbq jambalaya ... and today its our daily special  come see us 
 @clutchzilla ok  so i just did the math. you could only smoke .23 of each blunt a day to make it last for 30 days 
 @mcconnellblake i was made for weed
 venmo me some cheese. smoked gouda or aged white cheddar.
 @rooseveltchaun smoked turkey  provolone  swiss  mayo  avocado and spinach on a flakey  buttery croissant 
 rise and grind fuel up w our plantain pancakes  applewood smoked bacon  scrambled pastured eggs amp dark maple syrup 
 ive been laying in bed eating dried plums in the dark  covered in muscle rub w weed in it  like who do i think i am
 today we have a fried egg amp smoked bacon on tuscan with cheddar  caramelized onion  avocado amp greens numefood
 which smoke detector is the best                                    
 tonights special pasta at the sugar reef grill  smoked salmon with a creamy sauce with a touch 
 me spends 4060week on weed also me 50 for a haircut
 @jongyeonji montreal smoked meat  aldubxdtbysinagnibenjie
 whats better than smoked salmon for brunch nothing brunch food foodie foodpic 
 never too early for a cold 805  @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  
 keep it simple with abes everyday lunch combo. pair any two for just 11.95 | smoked chicken 
 @joesullynm69 @nflfilms @patriots dudes about to get smoked again
 dont forget to springahead an hour this weekend daylight saving time is sunday. replace smoke alarm batteries amp 
 got bbq we do slow smoked  juicy and delicious  takeout  dine in and catering nomnom 
 i made a vegan soup and garnished it with some veganaise and dill weed and its convincing me that being vegan is gonna be a breeze
 @raymondcamden we do a lot of the smoked apple sage at our house because 34 of them are vegetarian  
 pow fried chicken club  smoked ham  bacon  topped with pepper jack cheese on our house 
 last night i smoked a bowl and listened to the whole blonde album. it was amazing 
 pulled my smoke pack out upside down and lost half a pack to a puddle... rain 1 cancer 0
 last time i smoked gas i almost crashed a whip
 told her im rollin up and she goes i smoked 2 ounces yesterday on my way to nj....  bitchwhere
 good thing i only smoke at night 
 @dobrienajc thanks for stoping into houndstooth sauce co. @eastendmkt we will be outside this weekend with smoker amp lots of ever south sides
 this classic seattle weather calls for classic nw ingredients. smoked salmon  asparagus  roasted 
 akiras white day gr is really strong holy smokes
 our coats both smell of smoke  whisky and wine as we fill up our lungs with the cold air of the night
 at 100 pm  12 se hemphill sabine co  tx public reports hail of marble size e0.50 inch shv 
 what is cannabis megan
 should have brought sum pack to smoke on break 
 my uber driver last night smoked us out and gave me a free nug. so shouts out to my nigga
 sourissweet @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 i didnt know molly ringwald smoked 
 wine and weed are the only things that are going to get me through this week
 got so many calls last night about the smoke from the panhandle fire all over town  so sad to see someone lost their lives there in it.
 keep your family safe when you change your clocks this weekend  change the batteries in your smoke amp co alarms 
 same  rt @aguirre47 smoked before my id picture so when i get pulled over high i look normal. 
 @savanna1945 but it was literally the first time i ever saw bitches passed out and weed smell everywhere
 if you have a cold smoke 13 cigarettes depending on ur height and weight
 excited for these smoke in cans 
 going meatless today with the smoked portabella sandwich @ravenswoodq @ ravenswood q 
 1. babe watch ya mouth  2. who tryna get smoked 
 i be smoking everybody out but dont ever get smoked out yal green
 coal smoked cabbage  cultured cream   apple  trout roe. @ langdon hall country house hotel amp spa 
 which smoke detector is the best 
 pastrami smoked salmon on point @ saltie girl 
 smokehouse please and thanks @ the bull amp barrel smokehouse grill 
 burntends and macandcheese from smokehouse.provisions in vancouver @ smokehouse provisions 
 is it bad my first reaction is  you couldve smoked that  
 how im posed to smoke 
 any of you north carolina bros wanna send me some wicked weed beers
 wow  gets you right where it should. wicked weed never disappoints.... wicked weed malice 
 i smoked weed with two 60 year olds yesterday on the ski slope bucket list almost completed.
 franks wing sauce  blue cheese  awesome thick cut bread   and the key ingredient smoked chicken 
 my bf drank my weed lemonade last night and he dont even smoke 
 wow just saw that ganja white night will be at phoenix lights.... rip to my neck 
 34 of 36 brew recipes are set for the year a raspberry tart  blood orange wit  white stout  and the smoked caramel amber fourthroombrewing
 thick smoke settling on i75 at mm105. interstate closure expected to last overnight. details in a live report on 
 last night i smoked larosadesandiego for the first time. the flavor  smoke and aroma was so on 
 my dads new grill is the best thing to happen to this family.. smoked salmon for dinna tonight  
 799 000 2027 e smoketree drive  carefree  az  3b2.5ba  3 car... arizona realestate  
 this smoke in the air really fuckd w my asthma today 
 my sauce was real mayo  sour cream  half amp half  dijon mustard  lemon juice  brown sugar  dill weed  parsley  salt amp pepper.....delicious 
 lrt...i tried not drinking smoking weed...that shit lasted exactly 30 days and then cheeto hitler was elected
 shoulda just went and smoked w him last night  he woulda stayed at ni house and he wouldnt have even got caught in that raid 
 yes bethea got smoked last season. 
 the makings of our smoked yukon gold potato ravioli w bc side stripe prawns  grana padano  amp chive butter sauce. 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 this could be yourscustom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 bic lighter covers custom smoke box gifts for himher under 20 hundreds to choose  gifts 
 tonight smoked strawberry balsamic pork tenderloin @tulsajeff recipe on my @gmgrills @wwmblogger 
 @eezeff11 @reiatabie this nigga smoked the best tree in his life
 im at green street smoked meats in chicago  il 
 housemade smoked pork coppa fresh outta the oven. coming to a charcuterie plate near you. smokedmeats meatsweats 
 poutone  smoked meat and steams for  our pregame funk. gohabsgo
 cattail creek lamb  charred bruss  smoked onions  lime yogurt  spring greens  spices @ ned ludd 
 @thesmokersclub what comes with the weed maps smokers vip ticket and the munchie add on
  just me and a heap of good weed
 @mvanwag @nilssoned @dougcartwright marijuana and cinnamon toast crunch 
 its 930 at night  what a perfect time to completely reorganize my closets and weed through my wardrobe.
 is this how you make smoked salmon 
 made carbfree noodles for this lasagna with eggs  cream cheese  amp shredded cheese. holy smokes  its amazing  
 combat bell pepper w food welsh beechwood smoked cheddar cheese or lemon panelle @talesofthecork @hvwinegoddess @meekerwine winestudio
 great night tonight at @conservetriland wildideas indoctrinating folks about wild edible weeds 
 @rockpants1 yup. im in that boat right now from smoked meat poutine...
 almost got smoked by a car in the wegs parking lotampidk if im more mad that he almost hit me or that he couldve gotten me out of midterms.
 gramma said andan en marihuanadas nah you dont compate crackheads to potheads
 back when i smoked  
 arkansas food fest  smoked shiitake. purple hull peas  jasmine rice  house hot sauce.  food 
 lori and jaci went on a motherdaughter trip this last weekend  i smoked cigars for 2 days 
 @juddlegum @chrislhayes cant trust intel agencies needs a dark horse gumshoe who smokes lucky strikes amp refers to dames as ripe tomatoes
 made weed my boyfriend today 
 @politibunny on the plus side. tomorrow will be a day single guys can weed out all the nut cases from the dating pool.
 he smoked him  
 @fairlyspiritual with smoked salmon please.
 duck machaca . black mole . red watercress . pickled smoked nopales  andrewspurgin 
 yesssssss he looks like he smoked about 12 blunts b4 he gave that talk sounded like he was nodding off somewher 
 all the nomnom @bluesmokenyc thewholepit bbq food eat southern nyc @ blue smoke 
 so i wanted burgers..  bed of spinach  raw onion  mini patty in butter  cheddar chz  avocado  smoked paprika over s 
 this is how we get extra family time i was smoked by the time she jumped on... very 
 coughing like i smoke a pack a day
 a few times  and i smoked until i forgot her each time. it might take a week full of blunts and bowls but its al 
 i feel like if she smoke period shes a keeper
 its a smokin good day tried my hand at smoked salmon today amazing top5bbq justsmokingood food bbq foodie 
 @kaylashareeface tonight i had the smoked turkey club. it was delicious. and their ranch on my side salad blows me away
 smoking weed on a pretty night in florida on my front porch 
 i had to load up. i hadnt smoked in 4 hours
 i made myself some peppermint tea with honey and a squeezed lemon. im about to smoke  meditate and say my prayers. 
 @rareweirdo buutttttttt i dont smoke 
 that day i smoked a blunt tho so it was aight
 they can be cooked in many ways but are often fried  smoked or dried.52 it is recorded in the bible that john the baptist ate locusts and
 i smell like peppermint and cloves mixed with coconut oil and weed and dish soap and the tea you made me and now i can finally sleep
 ill stick with the ceasar with my smoked salmon or brisket bennys @merchantsvan thanks. 
 when i smoke again imma be big fried but first i gotta pass this test
 if you ever smoked with me  was it gas
 quote of the night i love marijuana omfg
 i just smoke the last of my granddaddy purp. today is a sad day 
 its almost that time again dont forget to check your batteries in your smoke detectors  and 
 serrena you cant smoke with us because you have strep smokes with victoria who gave me strep
 thought i smoked my last cigarette  but i just found a whole pack of newports.
 late night smokes are one of the best
 our apple smoked gouda and naturally good kosher brie...glass of wine  a great relaxed  evening. whats your favor 
 we smoked so much gas last night that movie had me fuckin trippin
 craft beer sales take a hit from marijuana and wine  beer craftbeer interesting quick read.
 music  football sports  food  weed  laughs 
 deviledeggs and friends and sundaybrunch yum atlanta smokering bbq hotlanta @ smoke ring 
 so hot.....2nd one is just smoken hot 
 @kilmeade @ainsleyearhardt check out @oreillyfactor interview with senator cotton last night. eye opening on the leaks. smoke
 daylight savings time this sunday. check batteries in your smoke detectors. 25 that are batteryoperated need battery replacement. be safe
 @danacortez  im invite you amp crew out for a venue great smoked steak and bake potatoes by me at rebecca creek 2665 bulverde rd thurs night
 its also nosmokingday i smoked 2040 a day for almost 20 years and quit cold turkey. you can too. 
 chef foy is serving smoked honey habanero amp garlic honey mustard wings  steak hash amp red rice friday tix at 
 passed my drug test and smoked a l. im gucci
 happy wing wednesday  1.50full smoked wing amp 4 craft drafts. and live music with chris burch from 58pm note p 
 breakfast smoked turkey  shrimp veggies and theres some indomie in there. 
 these are the best loaded fries ive ever eaten. holy smokes grinderz. youve ruined it for 
 so to the nun smokers 
 ask any of my niggas when the last time they smoked me up. i get high on my own sir 
 todays special is a fried soft shell crab blt. half sandwich is a grilled cheese. smoked tomato and corn soup. 
 big breakfast tableforone eatliketwo @ bears smokehouse bbq hartford 
 savory crepe the smoked brisket  queso fresco  mozzarella  pickles  jalapeos topped with bbq 
 fresh out of the smoker...so juicy and tender. pulledpork meatmatters  dinelocal osogood 
 himym barney smokes his last cigarette ever this month @itshimymquotes
 the dark side of hoas  abuse of power  looking for weeds after 3 days of rain amp no time to kill  shame in you
 .@nhhouseofreps votes to decriminalize marijuana possession. next stop  @thenhsenate amp the corner office of @govchrissununu nh nhpolitics
 julius smokes will be in homicides corner at homegrwn17
 smoke alarms are a key part of a home fire escape plan. replace your smoke alarm batteries this weekend. 
 savory bavarian pretzel french toast with ham  smoked mozzarella  fried egg  arugula n 
 our trout lunch special is back house smoked trout  goat cheese  lemon and dill on @crustandcrumbks bread. happy w 
 smooth almost got smoked by a taxi summer 2014 tbh
 being raised right doesnt mean u dont drink  party  an smoke. being raised right is how u treat people  ur manners an respect.  duhhh
 im at smokes poutinerie in toronto  on w @masterdevwi 
 super tasty house smoked turkey and fresh berry salads for our orientation class today @lakesofsylvania 
 @adoredelano babe  do you know what weed is best to smoke for social anxiety
 daylight saving time change is coming up this weekend. change your clocks sat nite and test your smoke alarms. repl 
 if your smoke alarm takes lithium batteries  they last longer. use only battery types specified by your alarm instr 
 as you spring your clocks forward this weekend  please take the time to change the batteries in your smoke detector 
 im at this office tryna reenroll and almost pulled this container out my hoodie pocket like wtf is this then i remembered its weed
 8 taco plate  tonight at the v  smoked beer can chicken tacos smoked cucumber pico  spicy 
 yeah i smoked smoked some last week 
 how to beach @brunch at the pointe on 30a smoked salmon quesadillas  charred corn  mascarpone  rice grits and a 
 norwegian crepe... filled with smoked salmon  caramelized onion and topped with cream fraiche. 
 lunch and smoke
 not embarrassedtoadmitivenever smoked marijuana
 while you are testing your smoke alarms this weekend  sit down with entire family amp review escape plan with the you 
 @damnkelz then smoked in the parking garage after....niggas almost fell out
 fish fish fish at least im not sick but if u look in my fridge i have cod scallops pickled hirring and smoked salmon 
 anthony was talkin all that mess got smoked by a bunch of white girls 
 cloie goes last night i smoked 2 heavy ass joints 
 wild sockeye smoked salmon from vancouver smokedsalmon vancouver japanesestyle kewpiemayo 
 baked pink moon oyster  arugula pesto butter  smoked pork breadcrumbs  egg white. lunch feature hawksworth 
  drank amp smoke x french montana ft. mac miller
 thanks to everybody who has come out to enjoy j. renders smokehouse brunch  evidently you guys 
 overcol69brah holding it down kimjongsmokehouse.pdx @ kim jong smokehouse 
 did you know that it is widely believed that the first american flag was made from hemp fabric hemp
 i want to drive up to a dark place this weekend and just stare at the stars and smoke weed 
 @emmaroller are those weed nuns
 an my little blonde joan jett  i heard you. we can start as slow as ya want  just hurry up. i need my weed or i get mean  thanks  blonde
 power is on and its wings wednesday half off house smoked wings all night. plus try our weekly 
 special whitefish katsu. smokey yuzu aioli  black sesame crisp  fried spinach. 
 yo need a ganja white night ticket or two for this friday  looking for a reasonable price
 @littlecaesars the smokehouse pizza is awesome you should keep it on the menu and bring the bacon honey mustard wings back
 settles at desk with wine  weed  and chicken wings. i am a very classy gal
 salmon crab fish eggs sea weed cucumbers  shrimp  and rice. gains
 nap was love i woke up this morning smoked 6 blunts slept til now 
 yes im from the mre and i smoked the 2 os
 anybody tryin to go to ganja white night on friday
 fried quails with homemade smoked bbq and tahinipeanut sauces  @ barbounya 
 our special this evening  grilled calamari salad  grilled sour dough bread  smoked garlic 
 good weed  white wine
 literally finna smoke my last blunt today 
  lovetrumpshate @ shelskys of brooklyn smoked fish and appetizing 
 @truth305 ever look into hemp cotton blends 
 a little smokey  drinking a tasting room  milk stout by @boulevardbeer at @boulevardbeer   
 john oliver paid me a visit today with some of his yummy smoked treats. @ pelham  south carolina 
 montreal smoked meat  not what i ordered @ kettlemans bagel co.  college square 
 rueben montreal smoked meat  they made it right  after arguing @ kettlemans bagel co.  
 have you ever smoked before  
 spring is starting early this yearmisticanza  smoked trout tonatto  egg yolk  dill 
 first i was growing puppies. then i made a plan. then i cleared the land of dogs and weeds. then 
 happy hour @ smokehouse tavern 
 rosies dream bf has two qualifications 1 smokes a pack a day 2 drives a tug boat
 drinking a helluva helles w cucumber by @intrinsicbrew @ intrinsic smokehouse and brewery    photo
 im at lockhart smokehouse in dallas  tx 
 perhaps the best bitter ive ever had...  drinking a rbf @ intrinsic smokehouse and brewery    photo
 last night i said i was gunna quit smoking blunts  ive smoked 4 blunts today 
 drinking a dont hop believin by @intrinsicbrew @ intrinsic smokehouse and brewery    photo
 special alert fresh homemade burrata smoked duck  roasted red amp yellow marinated peppers with 
 i coulda smoked her ass if i woulda stretched first 
 this morning i woke up my mama looked at me and said   did you smoke last night  cause you look smoked out  
 fantastic mixed doubles tennis drills tonight @ smoke rise country club in smokerise  ga 
 grilled tri tip  smoked oysters  kimchi is killing it tonight at @underbellyhou. whatcha got 
 pink moscato amp some smoke salmon type of night  
 when you get pulled over hot boxing and the cop just compliment the weed smell 
 that hypocrite smokes two packs a day
 sounds like rambis smokes a couple packs a day
 i could smoke a full pack of cigs right now as i down an 18 pack before midnight at this point lol but ill stick to ice and a shower
 the smoke detector batteries are low and im too short to reach the detector and too short to get the ladder to get to the detector 
 i smoke the cinnamon sticks in me free time
 a family that smokes weed together is a nice family shameless
 love unprepared ppl in the field cause i just sold two packs of smokes for 20
 i bet if hitler smoked a couple of blunts a day he wouldnt have killed 6 million jews 
 tie dyed infinity scarves make a great audition to your spring wardrobe. the soft hemp knit is 
 @ shit stains who black smoked me today i hope u step on a nail w no shoes on
 i want some smoked bbq brisket 
 and no dill its not a weed hahahah
 restaurant week hangover cured with some blackened catfish  smoked tomato buerre blanc  roasted 
 @jacobcastro smoked
 the last time i seen denny we smoked and were drinking hard orange soda by my pool before 10am longlivedenny 
 @schmelterformom my loverly box of smokes
 our version if the monte cristo...hand dipped egg soaked ace pain au lait with smoked provolone. 
 mixed peppers with smoke sausage over white rice 
 who gon smoke with the lil ace
 innovation beer dinner course 1 barley smoked lamb salad  mixed greens  pickled onions  feta  
 i want 2 smoke n some boba
 humpday  dinner is smoked chickenwings off the traegergrill   delicious   huge salad while 
 humpday  dinner is smoked chickenwings off the traegergrill   delicious   huge salad while 
 birthday dinner with the famz  @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  @lucillesbbq in torrance  ca 
 this the best weed i ever smoked
 first day @ work was litty  . smoked a blunt with my manager 
 cute little place in castro valley. i got the spicy medium amp smokey onion wings with sweet 
 lmao chill out  i smoked to much today that was it i even turned pale  
 hitler shouldve smoked some pot because i literally texted 100 people calling them beautiful last night while i was baked af
 sos. can i get chinese food anywhere this late.  my delivery just came and i hadnt smoked all day and now im high as shit 
 i like this elote @ green street smoked meats 
 late night smoke sesh anyone
 @prettyomi two kinds of smoked salmon 9
 i put the smoke alarm in the freezer so it would stop yelling at me. it raised its voice. this  is justified.
 i am smoked in 2 weeks  im ready to kill a mf
 i aint smoked in about 2 weeks im ready to kill a mf
 i just remembered i got smoked today 
 this weed has me so mellow rn. i dont remember when the last time i was so calm. probably yesterday haha but still
 we just received two new products from brooklyn cured last week  their smoked coppa with tasso 
 my breakfast yesterday tempeh  asparagus  chard  kale  spinach  almond cheese  smoked olive oil 
 aha thought of this while listening to the weeds and then they answered my question. thanks @sarahkliff
 krazy how puff walks around like he didnt have biggie smoked
 theres a special place in hell for people who smoke in lines.
 local country sausage  smoked gouda and caramelized onions make this quiche one of our new 
 all hail sour beers. @ wicked weed funkatorium 
 oh we smoked dat my guy
 so they smoked weed 
 change your clocks and most importantyour smoke detector batteries  springforward changeyourbatteries
 guess whos back we have the ham melt as a special today. smoked ham  gruyere  caramelized 
 as a reminder  when you move your clocks ahead on sunday  you should also replace the batteries in all of your smoke and co detectors
 finna smoke all this lil weed up today fucc it last day
 last night i came home and my roommates had picked up wine  olives  cheese  weed and a pint of bampjs ice cream for me. i love them
 whole30  day 4  breakfast 2 hard boiled eggs  @pedersonsfarms smoked sausage  amp some sliced avocado  rounded out 
 dawg  do you remember that gigantic pile of snow on tonys desk do you know how much weed you have to smoke just to make the reference
 i done smoked with the best of them...
 when you smoke weed and do sports at the same time  
 smoked food products amplify cancerrelated dangers  with smoked salmon being the worst of all tested smoked foods ns1034
 daylight savings time at 200am sun morn  march 12. red cross reminds to turn and test ur clocks ahead 1 hour and test smoke alarms
 @mattyglesias i dont see any deaths from marijuana overdoses
 just paid this dumb ass 150 ticket. on my momma next time i get pulled for weed or given a ticket im not payin it might as well lock me up
 first time i bought some weed i was sold
 i accumulated 3 roach blunts last night to smoke today
 our lunch special today is an open faced bbq pork sandwich house smoked pulled pork smothered 
 beautiful day today weedeatin and in my barn with 95.7 wkml playing low
 but anyways dolph was fried af in that interview  nigga had to have smoked a pounded of gelato before he walked in 
 the weeds is @ezraklein  @mattyglesias  and @sarahkliff  all from vox. super weedsy policy wonk discussion. i learn so much.
 these warmer days have us craving crisp greens with veggies and smoked salmon.   lunchtime 
 @steamwhistle narciso  nycd roach still under the shark tank. im not joking. oh  shayne raised on 2ndhand smoke cool. bayfront. ga
  new on the menu  grilled octopus with confit potato  chorizo  roast garlic pure  amp smoked ham broth 
 how do you have a smoked fried chicken only in oklahoma...
 im cool off legalized weed. too many red flags.
 ig we had some weed vodka last night . i dont remember it but the other band members said it was delicious af dope
 suffering through another business lunch @ east river smokehouse navarre 
 day 7 sober lyfe update i definitely smoked several bowls last night in my dream.... staying strong
 had their delicious food before  but today is first time dining in omc smokehouse. packed grt location in lincoln park. highlyrecommend
 0312 this sunday at 200 a.m. spring forward. remember to test your smoke alarmspress the test button and push yo 
 cured  smoked bibimbap bibimbap salmon smokedwhysogood @ kim jong smokehouse nw 
 daylight savings time has us springing ahead this weekend.  check your watch batteries and smoke alarms 
 set clocks forward  change batteries in smoke and carbon monoxide alarms this sunday. springforward 
 i left a bag of weed  a bowl  and a lighter in a restroom because caleb spent 10 last night and the guy gave him a handful.
 just got black smoked four times in a row
 surprised my weed has lasted me two weeks. im down to my last pack before i get paid 
 rare beer tapping today 39 5pm at @fslittlerock is @ozarkbeer cabin saison  brewed with applewood smoked barley 
 tonight we are are kicking off the @burntsugarband smokehouse at @cmoneverybodybk.  with 
 so last night when i was drunk i came home amp smoked a blunt amp wanted a pbampj sandwich  but i opened the cabinet
 your mcm smokes a pack of menthols a day and calls you woman
 shrink bag getting our smoked ham game on point   . . smoke ham charcuterie ilovemyjob 
 kiks hickory smoked ketchup. fourthofjulyspecial kiks kikssauces cookingwithkiks 
 i dont smoke weed no more after yesterday.
 roasted sunchokes amp makah ozettes  spinach amp dill pesto  cold smoked steelhead trout  fuji apples amp charred ricotta 
 shes beautiful  she smokes a pack a day
 farmers smoked sausage. come on down and try our fantastic selection of our homemade smoked 
 i bought my uber driver food and he made the trip free and smoked me out
 daylightsavings is on the way. why @redcross in yakima want you to check your smoke alarms as the clock springs f 
 @chrislhayes @mmfa so all of that is also a cia smoke screen.  move to moscow  sean.
 on the menu tonight korean marinated tritip  smoked oysters  somen noodle salad  kimchi. 
 @gimmethegoods @saarraai8 remember when i wouldnt smoke with you  all scared
 this white boy sold me some weed called og white knight and i almost didnt buy the shit
 we brought the food porn  wilmington @cookinwitnobody braised beef cheek bully and smoked sweet 
 salmonraw or smoked is my favourite fish here  grouper 2nd  mullet 3r.but they are less amp expensive too. others  will eat if they are free.
 blue crab blt w smoked greens @ jax diner 
 @jongyeonji montrealstyle smoked meat  aldubxdtbyloverscave
 @justintrudeau re cannabis  when was it the last time someone got a speeding ticket for doing 10km over speed limit
 this my last week of burning marijuana
 furious monkfish  lemon sweet pea risotto  angry grape tomato  applewood smoked bacon sauce 
 @905habsfan is it a love a father has for a son  or is it the love for smoked meat and poutine
 havnt smoked a blunt in a week
 i havent smoked since sunday so should weed be in my system tomorrow when i do a drug test 
 @emersenlee oystervamp smoked bacon bits bisque au wholefoods. totes amazeballs
 im about to get my eat on with these smoked chicken wings from buds house of meat bbq 2 go 
 my company is always getting smoked by our plt ssgts  like how you forget to salute the flag out of all things 
 this weekend is daylight savings remember when u change your clock  change your smoke alarms battery.  it could s 
