 opened my backpack in lecture now the area surrounding me smells like weed...hmm how strange
 its been 19 days since i smoked a cig and i feel better then ever
 i need somebody to put me on some cold spots in downtown louisville. restaurants  clothing stores  smoke spots etc. 
 this is the first time where  i smoked bud and my head fucken hurts
 im so friggin sick i feel so high like so high and i havent even smoked today what is this
 i havent been smoking as much  the last time i smoked was like 2 weeks ago amp before that it was like 3 weeks. im so proud of myself 
 if my mom smokes one more fucking cigarette in this house i stg.
 ive wanted to smoke for almost a week now 
 @srobertskron4 @wadawoo sign upside down but says wonder woman likes weed. something about invisible gel on th 
 the amount of people who smoke cigarettes in oakland disgusts me
 i know too many people who think its okay to smoke pot near their children  kids have no place near any smoke  its not rocket science
 crazy how i look back and half the people who shitted on me for smoking weed smokes more than me now
 i smoke back woods a dutchies you cant touch me realog biggie
 this the same dude who got suspended in college for marijuana smh 
 @trutherbotgreen learn your pineal gland awaken my people laws of attraction smoke weed to get to a higher power to manifest 
 i used to smoke weed every damn day my freshman year. wowza kil 
 its 2017 now  i feel bad if i still gotta explain that weed is okay for you people that feel its gonna ruin your brain with aids
 just asked my parents what theyre doing for super bowl amp they say partyin  shrooms  coke  amp a whole lotta weed  who are you people.
 i smoke two joints in time of peace and two in time of war. i smoke to joints before i smoke two joints and then i smoke two more 
 tonights smoke. @thecrownedheads  jd howard reserve  creamy  nice spice  and subtle wood  nice cigars 
 some people still think theyre so cool cause they smoke weed  i dont get it
 i smoke two joints in time of peace and two in time of war. i smoke two joints before i smoke two joints and then i smoke two more 
 people next to me are dead ass crying and fighting over smoking weed
 and just like that the martinsburg mall filled with smoke as the gutted wing went up
 didnt realize that you can still smoke in bars in miami. i dont  but kind of cool. trip in the wayback machine  clothes smell like smoke.
 im considering smokin some weed to go to sleep since i havent slept in days but i might not wake up cause idk how many pain killers i took
 havent smoked in weed 5 days. today was the hardest so far 
 where tf is the weed 
 i havent smoked in foreverrrrr
 25. the first time i ever smoked a cig was my first day of high school amp i immediately threw up
 havent smoked in over a month and still tested positive. .
 democrat party is starting to look more and more like its all fire and smoke  can it get worst @chucknellis 
 anyways today my friends smoked and i didnt partake and i was proud of myself
 this cigarette smoke is going to kill me. ive been here 30 minutes and my throats hurts 
 dont tell me how to smoke ive been smoking since ive been sitting in my daddys nutsack   
 that reggie i smoked got me high update
 i like weed more than people ...
 they actually mentioned how much gorsachs mother smoked in one of her obituaries how weird
 i smoked my first cigarette today amp honestly it wasnt bad lmfao
 haha one tweet about medical marijuana and i get a bunch of pages following me 
 im hungry food is how i cope with my issues since im broke to buy weed
 ive never wanted to smoke a bowl so bad. kms laspo
 lol ugh theyre going to get in and get smoked in the first round 
 literally lost this weed like two weeks ago litlitty 
 havent smoked in months...time wayyyy over due 
 why i smoke smh
 wtf i havent smoked weed in a week... gross
 @jonwedlund man chem dawg 91 was the craziest hybrid i smoked up there  it was like my first time smoking every time i smoked it
 really wish i could smoke i need a blunt im tired of drinking theyre two good feelings but very different effects 
 its annoying af how people only hit me up to smoke at my house
 me amp zach conversating  i used a ouija board  it spelled out weed  and ive been possessed every since  weird  mine spelled out pussy
 me amp zach conversating  i used a ouija board  it spelled out weed  and ive been possessed every since  weird  mine spelled out pussy
 certain niggas stopped fucking with me since i cant smoke
 me amp zach conversating  i used a ouija board  it spelled out weed  and ive been possessed ever since  weird  mine spelled out pussy
 say she never smoked i turned her to a stoner.
 it makes me so sad when people who smoke are closed minded
 and yet there are people serving life sentences for possession of marijuana  
 ima smoke and gaze at venus and mars
 two people being treated for smoke inhalation at arvada fire. fire is under control.kdvr @danmayburyfox31 
 first of all  im not a damn weed. 2nd im a jasmine. 
 everytime ive smoked today ive coughed like crazy wtf
 momma thinks im smoking weed out of my vape 
 first time in a lonnnggg time i havent smoked all day  and dont feel good at all 
 smoking cigarettes yes but weed no  
 i havent smoked since new years and i finally smoked some fuego today. felt like i had virgin lungs again lmfao. being sober is better tho
 havent smoked a whole cigarette in 28 years.
 ive never smoked a cigarette  i think they are disgusting 
 i remember i had to scale my weed so i could make reup
 i remember i had to scale my weed to match just so i can make reup
 @mmshellie @kvncormier @aanalyst50 @washingtonpost never smoked or used product strictly business under threat of pardrino  young amp dumb
 @trevrichhd   sipping on patron    visions are coming into focus    lets smoke something   be on a natural high
 i havent smoked weed in three days @wasatchdarling are you proud of me
 get buck smoke meth  fuck people
 we used to smoke and watch the airplanes
 i dont think ive ever smoked weed this pretty before.
 the three smells of vegas..  1. weed 2. cologne 3. body odor
 i havent had weed since ty was in cali
 growing marijuana and applying the law of attraction to my life in a practical way 
 you gotta wrap the weed 10x to smell it aye
 i havent smoked in 3 days....
 i smoked a backwoods blunt today for the first  that shit hit pretty good
 @johnhmaloney hahaha yeah ive never smoked a cig its a stage one congrats on the 3 years and thanks
 when you realize you havent smoked weed in over a month after smoking almost everyday 
 girls that smoke cigarettes is a major turnoff stop it 
 i just want to smoke a cigarette  lay here  and touch you.
 havent smoked in forever and im really dead af
 honestly trying to smoke again ..
 i have not smoked a cig in 6 days  and i am coughing my ass off. is it just normal
 i wish i knew exactly how many cigarettes i smoked from age 16 to just a few months ago  and what the fuck my lungs look like
 still up  smoking weed.
 so the silver lining right now of having to go back home right now.  i smell like ive been on the smoker for hours
 people who smoke roach bud ltlt
 i like the way he smokes his cigarettes  @wwwbigbaldhead normanreedus cigarette smoking 
 i love coming to work and almost dying from smoke inhalation because the electrical work likes to catch fire.
 smoking my weed pen next to hella old white people
 i swear i hate cigarette smoke 
 work got me so stressed i actually smoked a cigarette 
 havnt smoked a cigarette since thanksgiving amp its feels good
 attending a cle webcast. cannabis  what lawyers should know. interesting presentation. @ 
 so confused why i reeked of weed bc i havent smoked since sunday bc ive been sick then i realized i had a roach in my backpack 
 chilled and marinated clay pot trapped baby japanese octopus lightly smoked  blood orange  
 @jbabssportschic when you first started open your hood and see if you can see a light smoke coming off of it
 its wing wednesday 1 per full smoked wing and  4 drafts 
 i never smoked weed till i was 16 and it hasnt killed me yet sooo pass that shit
 @trippyelf same i went like three weeks off cigarettes cold turkey right after i got my vape and i tried to smoke and it was nasty
 i smoke a lot of personals
 i havent smoked in like almost 24 hours and honestly i feel like i want to get hit by a car lol
 @hterrazzano you are a fckn smokeshow
 i matched on a blunt lastnight then smoked 2 personals it was a grand time
 @theryanadams nicest thing you could say about the kkk would be they smoke pot and thats the one thing he doesnt dig about them.
 i havent smoked yet  guess whos a lil cranky 
 went from smoking 8 blunts a day to i havent smoked in like 3 days .. wtf is going on 
 @jakemiller meet me in miami in a week from today and instead of your show well go to the beach and smoke amp drink  millerhighlife 
 this girl a make me smoke a pound how stressful she is
 never have i smoked weed
 dont smoke a cigarette and come sit next to me in class. shit me disrespectful.
 smoking the weed for the first time can cause schizophrenia... learn something new everyday
 people always assume i smoke weed cause i have dreads smh 
 @analeaaa im pissed ive smoked blunts with her in hs   she was always young n ready
 ok smoked a few bowls before class bc i hate class .. amp im walking on campus amp absolutely see. no one 
 tried to cook a turkey burger for lunch  it caught fire amp set off 3 smoke alarms. wound up just eating a spoonful of peanut butter instead 
 good morning everybody  first day smoke free  saveme sober workflo gay determination 
 i skipped today to smoke meth 
 i hate smoking weed
 stop sending people to jailprison for victimless crimes... aka marijuana... people out here getting 3 months for rape  and 5 years for pot
 last time i drank coffee and took albuterol i thought i accidentally smoked meth  pray for me
 havent smoked in 5 days call the newspaper i need a front page news
 right next to you tryna smoke 
 what if like explosions are actually the ground smoking a shit pound of weed
 iam glad trump is the president.iam glad hes weeding out corruption.get rid of teresa w. she only cares about certain americans.not all
 i just ate some weed
 @joerogan is on fire this week henry rollins  bill burr  and now alex jones smoking weed... with eddie bravo wow...
 people still smoke hookah  
 all my friends smoke now im so proud 
 @pajama94 whoa  now thats one of the originals oldest one ive ever smoked has been from 1996.
 @hoodsensei get link my yude. get smokey chop it up about this thing called life
 delicious little smoke dogwalker @paulacigars @johnnyorteez @zpanz2318 @birdman000001 @sonny @airmunro 
 i hate when smoke goes in my nose
 loving the cold  smoke a roll. see your fingers shake  flume sayit themodelsmith 
 when i was a kid i wanted to be the kind of liberal that lived up north  smoked weed  and shot guns.
 left a half smoked joint in the park  hopefully it goes to good use right
 just because its wednesday didnt necessarily mean weve got any smoked pepperoni around here. but  in this case  we do.   itsnotaspecial
 @kawaiiqueen im house sitting this year i think for a month while hes in texas and he said my pay is a fridge full of food amp weed 
 like i have a full blown attitude because i havent smoked today 
 camera crew following around a guy in a golden mask  that has a very strong weed odor... drugs inc is in town
 i havent smoked in two days so that could be the reason
 the fact that one of my weed mans like me since i was fucking 16 is annoying lmao
 its bad when a teacher asked me if i was high today but i havent smoked in 3 years
 s2954 new childrens caregivers act revises requirements for primary caregivers for medical marijuana patie... 
 havent smoked in 2 days and i feel great
 im really craving smoked salmon eggs benedict
 some people smoke to help them sleep. i have a nightcap or two and im in bed by 11. to each their own.
 my600lblife yall need to feel for me. i havent smoked in 3 days and i really need one. im digging around for butts.
 the first smoke of the day
 never smoked so much like today 
 whole time they just be giving up that free weed getting no ass tf
 @melodyann227 i havent smoked today yet. if this happened say  20 minutes from now  probably wouldve gotten me.
 lets play how many cigarettes can teresa smoke on her 30 minute break
 how many blunts did yall smoke today
 @catholicpine some people use them to smoke marijuana but thats not what theyre intended for. i use them to smoke shisha tobacco.
 never understood people thanwould literally go outside and freeze themselves to smoke a cigarette
 havent smoked a wood in a sesh with more than two heads that gets me hi
 as long as niggas still have parents and no jobs  mid will be smoked. 
 im proud to announce that california cannabis tours  is soft launching during the month of 
 @cthecurator what chu on im in the bity. smoke up
 i ate this weed earlier been high all day
 there was a pop and then smoke  flames as metal pile catches fire in miami 
 im proud to announce that california cannabis tours  is soft launching during the month of 
 only smoked one cigarette today 
 @kutheshiver weed
 glad i smoked before this cause im actually laughing and not crying
 i can smoke in 8 days
 my mans first two lines is about rims and weed im dead
 my tongue piercing helped me not smoke since i got it 5 ish months. its been gone less than a week and all i want it a cig 
 what do you call a bowl half weed half tobacco
 the world would be a much better place is everyone smoked weed
 i am for real thinking about trading a gram of weed for some microwaved chicken nuggets. i need to go to church wow lord help me
 ugh i just hate coming home to no weed
 drinking a mole smoke by @surlybrewing at @surlybrewing  
 i just seen this bojangles commercial... going to get one of dem smoked sausage biscuits in da morning
 trifecta 2 of 2 pimento double cheeseburger  chocolate cake with banana sorbet and smoked marshmallows 
 teds marijuana is now following me.
 you have a great hustle but no talent youre the manager  the label head  the weed dealer. leave the art to artists.
 havent smoked in 8 days because ive been sick and now im higher then ive been in years
 i cant believe theyre mothers out there that think its okay to smoke while theyre pregnant with their child.........
 i love being able to sit on the balcony in a bra and sweatpants to smoke a cigarette on the first day of february 
 i stopped smoking backwoods a long asssss time ago cause esther and daphne dont smoke them 
 i havent smoked since summer amp im proud of myself but damn ive been craving a fat blunt lately 
 @kevinmccauley probably need to negotiate the release of a few bbq smokers while youre at it.
 people got the worst skin.. especially the smokers from the midwest. 
 hate females who be so pressed to smoke like 
 a bunch of punks living in their mothers basement amp smoking weed  
 everything seems different when you smoke a blunt up
 nfs i see why people smoke now.. 
 nfs now i see why people smoke.. 
 oh lordy lord lord drunk me smoked some of a cigarette 
 he gets mad at people for smoking weed  but yet he smokes crack lmfao wtf 
 who the fuck smokes weed smh
 lmao just caught some freshmen trying to smoke out their window 
 as the weed burns.. an as the world turns.. some may never learn...
 nights like these where i sit up and think when she use to be in my bed i smoke a blunt she sleep then i go to wrap my arms around herampwe
 i used to think smoking weed was the reason i was still fat  here i am  2 months later almost  6 pounds lighter lmao
 i havent smoked in days lmao wth
 my diet for 2017 is to smoke cigarettes instead of eating
 i hate when smoke get in my eye 
 cigarettes smoke makes me so sick wow
 guys i almost just fucking smoked cat nip.
 hb1125 engross limiting the total number of retail marijuana licenses that may be held by a retailer and coown... 
 havent smoked since monday very proud of myself
 times like this i wish i still smoked
 what a stressful fucking day  its like 1230 in the morning i deserve a fucking burger and a bowl of weed after everything i just dealt w
 we started weeds all over again. i fucking love this show.
 hate when nigga or females who smoke cigs touch me after theyve just finish smoking one .. indeed
 @angelinashaawty  lmao  wow you smoke to much but okay 
 i hated cigarettes  but for her i wouldve smoked a carton
 smh  starts breaking down weed 
 i havent smoked since new years 
 why you aint answer the phone probably from smoking that weed  ya ears stopped workin 
 rt if you fuck with smokey robinson he is a genius and also an exec
 still listening to the same @kidcudi as when i was 17. ...just smoking better weed now.
 i smoked two woods today amp they put me to sleep lol
 @autyyyyy you took weed butter from a stranger
 @autyyyyy who just had weed butter to give away on the spot 
 ive been debating on going to smoke this black for like an hour
 cant do business high yet i just watched 2 millionaires hit wax rips in a million dollar weed factory.... try again
 why do airplanes still have to have no smoking signs everywhere are there really people still trying to smoke during flights
 i regret every swisher ive ever smoked.
 the smoke from the forest fires from couple years ago during the summer kinggeorgetowers smoke 
 excellent needle work you think they are pole smokers  models for crochet today 
 i wonder how many cigarettes were smoked in the 7 seasons of shamless lol
 ive still never smoked with sage damn
 damn only the thing my parents argue about is weed 
 do you smoke cigarettes
 some days you blast off  some days you just smoke
 hb1858 new increasing marijuana license fees and adding a temporary additional fee on marijuana licenses issued... 
 ive been up since 630 and ive smoked 4 bowls already  fuck going to work mann
 more people died last year from poultry then marijuana. but marijuana makes you a criminal lol people know your facts before speaking
 i honestly hate the smell of weed with a passion.
 @ruhlman just smoked a batch of kabanosy to 155. used proper amount of insta 1.  refrigerate or can they stay room temp
 sometimes i still get stressed but i just smoke and count my blessings  
 he also showed us the his personal strands of weed. the other two dudes from miami showed mad 
 ppl that smoke cigarettes in their car w the windows up disgust me
 guess what spent hours  low and slow  on the smoker get your smoked ribs  smoked meatloaf  
 starting this 25th year off the right way w a smoked salmon frittata  
 random stoner accts are following me just bc weed is in my username
 guess what spent hours  low and slow  on the smoker get your smoked ribs  smoked meatloaf  
 ive watched this 28483 times and i just want to know how she smoked two blunts on her own like that 
 wow someone smoked weed right before getting on this bus
 wish i had a mountain of weed right about now to slowly just relax me
 tf im strictly a weed smoker and alcoholic i dont boot up tf are u even booting up dtfl
 who tf is up tryna smoke
  i wish that @7thinningzo still smoked weed @citifieldsheas 
 you are smoking a different kind of radical leftist weed bruh 
 smoking on designer weed
 love my marijuana strictly herb for me.
 walked into this house and it wreaked of weed inside lol and as were working we found at least a pound of weed lmao
 hate people who down talk smoking weed but when you are smoking around them they be ready to hit the blunt
 ive smoked 3 cigs today  and i dont even smoke. i hate today
 holy smokes what a great throw from jo malo  wbc2017 canada 
 @ddfoxfriend what is a smoked cider
 whoa facebook just reminded me. i havent smoked a cigarette in 5 years.
 watched the timberwolves smoke the clippers last night lets go wolves  mntimberwolves 
 well i actually smoke 77 nights but im still about to graduate a year early and head to college so i think im go 
 havent smoked a cigarette in 6months   at the end of august will be 1 year 
 @tunedupbrew enjoying their fantastically smoky smoked porter. well be seeing more of this. drinklocal 
 @marklazerus speaking of weeding out the noobs.  i was there for the great lazarus mobile phone event.
 lol niggahs retarded if you in port arthur an your smoking weed . you smoking that trash 1800 pound pack because that what ya plug got  
 medical marijuana debated on house of delegates floor 
 regramed from the lovely smokedlacehair    god. the 4 and half hrs this took was worth every 
 today is a pretty day to smoke 
 havent smoked in like 2 weeks what in tarnation
 @abbeysbooks like nixon  when the smoke clears  by the many dozen.
 when people smoke you out 
 sitting here wishing it was cool to not drink or smoke...
 all ive done today is eat and smoke 
 who tf took my weed jar 
 nigga smoked weed for the first time @maurojuana 
 my trainer suggested i go to the sauna and relax. i decided to listen to the weeds ahca podcast. because thats how you relax  right
 @pineapplegc no maam. havent smoked since i found out. dcf cant have none of my babies
 havent smoked since i got here.
 two things i hate seeing peoples post on facebook.  1. peoples asking who got weed  2. looking for a job
 i smoke meezytree ilovemygarden2017 @ laytonville  california 
 me what did i do to deserve tonsillitis also me bites my nails  forgets to brush teeth before bed  smokes  kisses my friends  etc etc etc
 my grandpa is still a pro in pool. he smoked me 41. i learned from it  and one day ill get him.
 @liveforlesa lmfao right . pls note that im a smoker so dont invite me or link me etc  if i cant get high 
 i just really love my new vape. havent smoked a cig in 3 day  
 you know that ive got whiskey with white lies  and smoke in my lungs
 yeen tryna smoke shit  
 just rolled and then smoked my first backwoods then had great sex after an over all great day wtf
 if my weed man told me to wait until after he ate before he would come serve me......  moe
 how can people smoke all their life... i just spent three hours in treasure island and have spent the whole car ride home gagging 
 all the people i knew that were smart in high school smoked marijuana so...
 people who stand by the door and smoke are the worst like man fuck my lungs right
 whoever gave me this fatass wood tried to kill me cause i almost choked on a bigass piece of weed... everybody getting shot lmao
 im really sitting here thinking of someone i can smoke with. i h8 myself.
 i see all of these people i know from my hometown drinking and smoking weed. wth never would have guessed half of them would do either..
 me and my dad are talking about weed and we are both wondering why we havent smoke together yet 
 i havent smoked any of my dragonberry kush in a while.. fuck i need to get blazed
 life is good  smoke a wood in the woods 
 i will say this about flynn and page and manafort and sessions etc. etc. etc. there is an awful lot of smoke.
 idk how i ever smoked cigarettes
 people still smoke hookah  ...... cant relate ......
 one of the most awkward situations ive ever been in was when my parents found out i smoked
 havent smoked in a while... and i feel so good 
 i would never smoke  sour diesel again.
 @brianrayguitar  can you give this dill weed a mans answer i have to many ffffs in my answer. no viagra no sex we 
 this guy has literally smoked 6 cigarettes in a row. how is he still breathing   yes  i was counting
 i have money for weed but no dealer 
 after figuring out how to smoke weed two days after getting my wisdom teeth out. 
 fam i have not smoked in 3 months
 smoking weed was the worst high ive ever experienced lol
 why are anti tobacco commercials either too cringe or too preachy. please stop.. making horrible commercials they probably make people smoke
 ive never understood the people who brag about their parents smoking weed or getting drunk with them 
 i stopped smoking amp started getting in my feelings too often. if i smoked a l i would be sleep amp not thinking about a soul right now lmao
 watching uclausc is good. listening to bill walton is nauseating. wonder how many joints walton smoked at half
 idk if its the weed but im shook as fuck and ive seen cloverfield before. 
 i smoke alone and be tripping 
 @naesofab i better pass. i havent smoked in almost two months 
 i need some weed or wax
 ulysses spit in karlas blunt and she smoked anyways im done w them
 why airplanes still have ashtrays. no  you cant smoke 
 bruh i just wana smoke rn
 i havent smoked weed in a while... hmm. lol
 man im so glad im getting tf outta charleston  rip smokey 
 this mf smoked weed and took two 5hr energy drinks..... im pissed tf off cause this bitch being sickening af now 
 hooked up with my coworker jessie havent met the nigga in over 2 years wow time flys and many more to come jess we gonna smoke a bowl soon
 when you got weed but no wrap 
 i use to dance in high school til i started smoking weed    then i was too cool.
 you should never smoke this. ever 
 i havent smoked in months 
 still awake amp once again had i smoked an l  would be sound asleep.
 its been 2 weeks since i bought weed. im so proud of myself  no wonder i still have money lol
 i associate cigarettes with trailer trash so if you smoke cigs youre garbage to me tbh.
 i stopped smoking the ganja.
 because they havent smoked enough of it. 
 smoking strangers weed and watching drunk ski bums strafe through the lobby are the only things getting me through living in big sky.
 who tf smokes shrooms 
 why airplanes still have ashtrays. no  you cant smoke 
 low and slow is a mantra in barbecue. we smoke our ribs for roughly 46 hours at 250 degrees 
 holy smokes theyre making a sequel to love actually idk how im just now hearing this 
 @speciaalk33 i just see past the facades. people get caught up in the smoke and mirrors too much to see theyre getting schemed on.
 first look at the burn from last nights s. table mesa fire. no visible  flames and light smoke this morning. 
 i love not having cigarettes and being so far away from people who smoke
 i miss you so much and it burns in my chest like that first cigarette that i smoked to impress
 @beanpolematt no one smokes cigarettes here anymore so its been years since ive smelled smoke in public  its just a different smoke now
 junior be having that white people weed
 time to turn my whole life around. weed is no longer in the picture. bad people are gone as well. just focusing on myself amp and this diploma
 @camelcash007 @sunsfantv @purgegamers @trentpax dont let him in. hell never leave  but hell bring good weed.
 i have never smoked a cigarette in my life  im not even worthy of the name  
 how do people pick hookah over weed idu
 @symphonicvibe ive never actually got to enjoy hemp fest so im excited too. what happens there
 i rw i asked cam where does the weed from the plant come from 
 people who smoke in their cars with the windows up are a special breed of garbage
 boy  jerseys really loosened up on its marijuana laws.. 
 people who smoke cigarettes at all 
 i smoked a cigarette watching a truth ad im super fine
 my lil cousins yesterday were on my ass because i smoke weed but we were sitting in a room full of cigarette smokers.  life.
 honestly find it extremely disrespectful when my coworkers go smoke a cig every fuckin 10 mins and still get paid the same yes im mad foh
 i like weed more than people
 lol  i smoke amp its still me.
 soupdujour  cedar smoked veggie stew vegan  sausage kale amp white bean  eatorganic 
 i think the little log pusher boats are cute. its the plumes of black smoke from them that trouble me. 
 if the weed look regular im onto the next plug
 i aint smoked reggie since i left the town now it got my head hurtin amp shit 
 theres no spot to smoke a fucking cig and our flight isnt for another 3 fucking hours and i hate everyone and everything
 u aint never smoke that jet fuel  
 i like weed better than people 
 enjoying lunch @ hubba hubba smokehouse 
 new song out now check it out right now kushcadets dj smokey x loud lord x soudiere  what now link 
 new song out now check it out right now dj smokey x loud lord x soudiere  what now kushcadets link 
 the only good thing about that place is sublime smoke.
 i want to smoke wax on the moon today.
 lol never smoked a day in my life thank you 
 i hate the smell of cigarette smoke 
 i havent smoked or ate in 2 days  i have no kinda appetite
 i hate people who act like they aint never smoked a swisha  nigga errrbody started off using swishas 
 i smoked my first blunt with that guh 
 legit just watched a 10 year old smoke a heater with his dad iowa oskylife
 rep. pascrell where theres smoke  theres fire. the smoke is billowing out of the white house right now. 
 whoever smoked a cig in the bathroom ihy
 ian smoked in 3 months
 @lakeboss2 im in favour of tobacco cigarette smoking the same as i am of marijuana cigarette smoking.
 less than a year ago i had never smoked or drank and now i get messages like this someone send help. 
 we have way to much weed to smoke in two days
 im tripping idk where i left it lmao my high ass probably smoked it
 i havent smoked since the ending of january  i think thats ending today
 you can lead a horse to water but you cant make it smoke crystal meth.
 just smoke my first cigarette because of a man. fucklove
 cocktail friday smoked cherry mojito by beautiful booze cocktails  cocktails rum drinks 
 i find it real disrespectful when anybody smoke a jack next to me
 i find it real disrespectful when anybody smoke a jack next to me
 bill helps minority marijuana businesses prosper cannabisatwork warondrugs .@mincannbusassoc 
 she just smoked on that l and she isnt even gunna get high smh what a waste 
 she just smoked on that l and she isnt even gunna get high smh what a waste 
 swinging richards is fun. first time i went there i smoked a cigarette  drank vodka and popped locked and dropped it. everything.
 @bfraser747 @tr002017 weeding out corporations to do business with...nordstrom  starbucks  tj max  nike.........next
 so ive learned when my bf smokes or anything im no longer interesting lmao
 jeezy like to drank   jeezy like to smoke... 
 sitting next to smokers in lecture is awful
 i havent smoked in like 2 months  im a drinker
 i barely even smoked dawg tell me why this some gas
 who tf want smoke with me 
 so @alaskaair requires all of their 3 522 flight attendants to be tobaccofree. i wonder how many of them are closet smokers 
 its great im sitting in a bar in boston and all i smell is weed
 ive told 3 ppl to smoke a penis today
 getting weed for free is right up there with getting road head while pantera plays
 15 years in prison for a gram of weed lmao not quite 
 low stress trainer  kits increase your marijuana yields.  
 i bought my first pack of cigarettes today in 2 months.  7 months ago i smoked one everyday.  things change like people do.
 i cant wait to smoke a l and just relax omg i havent chilled all week.
 roll the weed in white sheets  ku klux klan
 hate when people think less of others just because they smoke.
 so my medical marijuana card expires on the 13th three days  but im not smoking anymore. not sure if i should renew it or not...
 red curry tofu donabe | smoked and grilled tofu | bok choy | hearts of palm healthlifestyle 
 my cat just ate about 6 grams of weed
 my cat just ate about 6 grams of weed
 per my last tweet im not a parent but how dare you bring your child to a bar and smoke right next to them...smh
 ill shoot up some ronny thomp before i smoke this garbage lol
 man i miss weed wine and wings wednesdays in malibu  major shoutout to @jamilio aka jamalibu
 the worst thing ever is when an attractive person smokes cigarettes. like why you do this
 the most success people in the world smoke marijuana. think about that. and then think about how illegal it remains.   dawnsstonedthoughts
 im doing a lot better these days but i still smoked that cigarette butt i found under my bed
 tommy chong just rolled trump up and smoked him in devastating tweet 
 tommy chong just rolled trump up and smoked him in devastating tweet 
 didnt smoke bud once today
 drinking a dayblazer by @newbelgium @ sublime smoke   photo
 idk how people smoke cigarettes 
 like drinking weed  drinking a rockbone ipa by @memphismadebrew at @flyingsaucermem   
 no designer on me. just dirty vans amp some good weed
 my happiness down here is so real that ive only smoked one blunt and it hadnt bothered me once
 638 sw bayshore blvd | ladies free til 1030 | springbreak2017 @ up in smoke hookah lounge 
 ive never done weed before my mom
 if u dont smoke 3 or more packs of cigarettes a day ur not cool
 ive become a social smoker. for someone whos been smoking for 10 years heavily since the beginning...im jy proud of myself kill
 meanwhile niggas getting 10 years for having a dime bag of weed 
 people tend to forget that me @mylesb and @codythompson819 once smoked an ounce of mids in 10 hours 8 years ago
 literally half the people in my history of marijuana class 
 im the type of grunt that smokes a cigarette or two before doing cardio and still slays the workout.
 i swear the fact that ive never smoked or drank before makes these jawns not wanna mess with me 
 @bruhmanjones @rollinlikeme i remember when yall only smoked blunts too smh now its jet life. front runners
 my dad just killed my whole vibe   i hate how he is when he doesnt smoke amp it makes me sad 
 be wanting to snatch the blunt form them trifling hoes. wasting all the damn weed 
 hes the only one who suffered burns. 2 others being treated for smoke inhalation  1 died in the fire @fox7austin 
 @ericagrieder thats just a hunch  but a smoker consumes less healthcare than a morbidly obese who consume less than healthy nonsmokers.
 holy smokes earthy  peaty  rich amp caramelly. kind of wish this was scot... peated scotia  photo
 this is todays fucking world.. he walks free but a black man gets 15 years for possession of marijuana ......... 
 @kglarson @ericagrieder the key is  be patriotic  die early. smoke  drink  have promiscuous unprotected sex  live dangerously. for america.
 if you like tpain n smoking weed this is the tape for you lmao go scope 
 my goal this year is to not smoke another cigarette. lets get it. 
 crazy how the first time i ever held weed was when i was 12 in the 7th grade smh
 im high asl rn i was not suppose to but idgaf i havent smoked in 2 years so im just coolin
 tina just referred to weed as the devils silk 
 very good smoke to this.  drinking a sam lords smoked porter @ andrews abode   photo
 i aint smoked in two years so i smoked a bit and  this shit still feel good 
 i guess ill be the freak then. havent smoked or drank in three years but ive tried nearly 
 people who smell like any kind of smoke gross me out tbh 
 wow @keselowski smoked it around the track to get the pole  207mph into the corner. now that is one fast @fordperformance fusion.
 i get asked you still smoke at least once a day
 i smoked and went to texas de brazil and i ate more food than ive ever eaten in my entire life and im not okay  but easily worth it.
 fucking smoked @312darius
 never noticed smokey license plate said fck it
 you smoke but cant affordbuy weed
 ive seen niggas chose weed over food
 are there any weed smoking liberals that like to get drunk around here im trying to find my people
 major weeds in my garden greyhair 
 i smoked in my room couple hours ago ... amp my aunt just walked in the house  my heart just dropped in my underwear
 im actually kind of down to smoke. i think everyone is going out tonight though 
 i hate when people call weed pot lmao like uh huh yeah im smokin pans too
 i still aint smoke yet
 and weed and w @daysinthelife 
 @hiiamcody the dea should remove it from the schedule one classification  back off and allow states rights to decide the weed issue
 okay i thought my neighbor was smoking weed but i think an actual skunk just died outside my apt
 why do i hate being around people so bad  i just like to smoke and stay in my little bubble
 crews on scene of a working house fire. smoke and fire on arrival. @pulsepoint 
 when youre craving to smoke but no one wants to answer.
 when youre craving to smoke but no one wants to answer.
 no one wants to smoke w me  wow
 for all the weed that ive smoked  this blunts for you.
 since there is a marijuana plant in our house im going to start smoking weed @jillianxcoovert
 sitting in my room with thr black light on and smoking a bowl i tend to zone out and watch the smoke in the light 
 i swear i hate weed dealers   i be really ready to fight them .
 you aint ever smoke that jet fuel
 hate when my friends leave work before me bcus by the time i get out.. theyre sleep and have no one to smoke with 
 all the white people do here is smoke  drink  and ride bikes  my dominican waiter at a cuban restaurant in portland oregon
 not gonna lie  ever since i cut back a lot on smoking weed ive been super happy and lost a little weight 
 ive been weed free for half a year and liquor free for 2
 so i love walking down town denver and seeing people casually smoking weed
 wrote some riffs  smoked some pot  drank some beers  listening to adele karaoke wow im empty
 i hate when it gets so cold that i cant smoke on my porch but thank god for seat warmers 
 i hate being nauseous amp i hate that i cant smoke to cure it 
 i love eggs benedict and cubano sandwiches and pizzapasta  but i hate hemp rolling papers.
 @byyourlogic go on birthright with me and learn why this is actually a good thing. we can smoke a hookah in a sukkah.
 these mini cannabis pizzas can be enjoyed now  or make for great leftovers later 
 i used to drink like 34x a week now its really once every two weeks or sum like that i just smoke more
 this man just ate a nug of weed 
 if the cigarette dnt kill me the smokey bars will
 if the cigarettes dnt kill me the smokey bars will
 i guess white people arent so bad i mean a dude let us smoke w him 
 alfonso says i smoke that cheap ass reggie  lmfao
 all im seeing down my tl is niggas smoking weed and bitches getting attention from their man
 lmao at the people who think smoking weed is disgusting. shout out to the people who are real ones who use cannabis for medical usage. 
 all this shit that been going on the past few weeks and i havent smoked  once. yeah yall really pushin it
 @keatondeiter i bet you smoked that cig
 @tr3y oh i already knew the reefer was expensive   but to be fair  i havent paid for every gram ive smoked
 i stopped smoking weed bc my hillucinations went from seeing refrigerators to thinking about death
 i stopped smoking weed bc my hallucinations went from refrigerators amp toothpaste to death
 damn i wish i still smoked  first time ive wanted to since i quit smh
 bitch i hate it when people compare smoking weed 247 to alcoholism like bitch
 no weed  no da wow what a terrible night
 if i smoke more weed my skin is going to turn green
 254 am and half asleep jillian do you think mrs moder has ever smoked weed @jillianfleming
 i havent smoked meth in nearly 2 months  so thats  whyimagreatcatch 
 insurance companies can start covering cannabis now  thankssssssssss.
 insurance companies can start covering cannabis now  thankssssssssss.
 she say she never smoked i turned her to a stoner
 i need to see a hot smokepurp collab here soon
 @ayemwhyes @parkermccollum @peacelovensue if i still smoked this would be cool lol
 music is a requirement when the weed is lit
 i ate a weed gummy before seeing @marcmaron last night and im still trying to land.
 had two bourbons over the course of a three hour play and im a lil hungover.  i also feel like i smoked 6 packs of cigs when i smoked none
 @youngpageviews acting like my weed dealer with stool scenes.. keeps telling me hes close  ends up making me wait till the next day
 but they tripping over weed lmao 
 press dont be normalized dont laugh at the fact that every word is a lie and smoke in a sewer of limbaughs be a maddow impeachtrump
 ima get a refill today amp dome a backwood bc i can.. amp havent smoked since sunday.
 @rell17 no im not around people who smoke so why would it
 when you smoke a black amp mild and a half and feel like your chest is going to cave in the next morning 
 i hate smoking alone so much that i usually smoke all of my weed with my friends when i have some lmfao
 why he cant use his own 20 i hate weed anyway  
 but im still here for the smoke  
 local ag fact of the week @fremonttribune what is the first winter annual weed to flower in fields answer at 
 a true piece of shit smoking rapper weed in bathing ape menswear gonna watch my friend get married.
 i havent smoked in 2 days and that was the last time i ate
 each year  nearly 3 000 people die in u.s. home fires but smoke alarms cut the risk of dying in half. protect yours 
 todays one month of being smoke free  this is the longest ive ever gone sober since i started smoking 5 years ago. damn never felt better
 been to a hookah bar twice and was light headed like smoked 15blacks both times
 yall im like.. i have no problem with people who smoke why do you hate people who smoke
 beprepared and remember to check your flashlight batteries and smoke detectors ccsoem 
 well this should fill the fiscal gap anchorage collects first full month of marijuana sales tax revenue 
 she smoke 3 of his joints  i woulda kicked her ass out too tf.
 i havent smoked weed in a week and im literally going crazy.
 i sound like ive smoked 54 packs of cigarettes a day for the past 25 years
 when the weedman havent pick up the phone in two day 
 i had to go get a fucking black and mild to calm down....aint smoked a black since last year
 i love when my sissy comes home and we can just smoke and catch up for hours 
 i feel like if you havent watch the dukes of hazzard or smokey and the bandit you arent southern
 hate getting weed from white people
 gram called me to tell me shes just started breaking bad.. i told her to watch weeds and she goes no thats about pot bb is about meth.
 our nwtf women in the outdoors event is held not far from weed  new mexico and @banderabar will 
 claudia caught those shots this am as she smoked the ruby red trout for our daily 
 smoked all that niggas weed smh 
 got half a blunt that needs smoked..
 this libertycap woman on a silver dollar is also holding hemp according to artist @bobcatgwin | @stnsbry 
 fucking starving so i smoked a bowl otw home thinking food would be more enjoyable and i get hit with this bull shit 
  smokey robinson amp the miracles you really got a hold on me @deekujo @hawaiibobb @bmb139 
 i would hate to have partner that smoked weed all the time. thats def a deal breaker for me.
 papaya  chia  hemp amp flax seeds vegan @ miami  florida 
 turkey referendum dutch are nazi remnants  erdogan   ive never smoked weed but some people really need it.
 she probably smoked too many cigars 
 kentucky getting smoked by 10 smh
 loud boom  power goes out and theres smoke in the air behind my house  hope everyones okay
 i just realized that ive had this god damn weed leaf on my ass for four fucking years dude
 @itswindy02 i hate when people ask a non smoker can i smoke in your car really
 i need to smoke so bad i hate every living thing rn
 @parkwayjai it cant kill you. its like a weed high x500
 @benc1357 @browniesbbq @kccauldron mr smoker works fine too. doesnt need plugged in either. i use wood for fuel not electricity
 @benc1357 @browniesbbq @kccauldron my smoker works fine too. doesnt need plugged in either. i use wood for fuel not electricity
 @benc1357 @browniesbbq @kccauldron my smoker works fine too. doesnt need plugged in either. i use wood for fuel not electricity
 my new weed man be blessing the sac
 girls like hunter oakes because hes rich and he buys quarter pounds of marijuana on illegal websites for the low and smokes them up
 i wish i smoked a blunt before coming here theyre about to fuck me up
 ave yall ever thought what the first person who smoked weed was thinking
 salmon benedict  two poached eggs on a toasted english muffin with smoked salmon and chefs 
 just realized i started my 1st tech job before most of todays devs were born and people smoked in the office gt8 
 havent smoked a blunt or hit the bowl in 2 days amp my attitude has been on 1000...
 damn i think your mom took my weed  @hozayhastweets
 as long as ive been smoking i never smoked a blunt naked 
 sitting in a chinese restaurant  i stared at this giant plume of black smoke for a good 10 
 man im still trippin on how that hoe smoked that nigga weed while he in class
 people who smoke cigarettes in the line can fuck off
 subtle yet solid brew  drinking a smoked chocolate stout by @lionbridgebrew at @lionbridgebrew   
 @thinchristopher @rocktrumpsboat @repmcgovern @dwaynecobb @oversightdems so far lot of smoke. likely big fire coming soon.
 i am here for this smoked baltic porter  drinking a mole smoke by @surlybrewing at @surlybrewing   
 drinking a mole smoke by @surlybrewing at @surlybrewing  
 people out mowing and weed whacking and im over here thinking...let it live before you kill it. springfever
 i hate those type of people that are always expecting to get smoked out and never willing to match
 congratulations to @evohemp for making a dream become reality with usa  grown hemp seed products @ expowest | 
 i havent smoked all day and these customers acting like i dont got time to catch a whole charge cuz i do tho thats the funny thing
 i was smoked out in miami... 
 holy smokes there is sooo many people in hobby lobby
 smoked wings combo at smoke and spice in windsor. smokeandspice windsor foodie foodporn 
 i havent smoked a black in months now. im proud of myself
 cats got smoked. still winning it all.
 all the things you can smoke in this world and you pick a cig 
 i havent even gotten out of bed yet and i can already tell the only thing im doing today is making it to the weed man place
 i havent smoked at all today and im feeling irritable 
 beyond meat chicken  cucumber  navy beans  banana peppers with a hemp seed tzatziki  vegan mad protein yo 
 all the people that use to down me about smoking   smoke now 
 i love when alcoholics try to tell me facts about marijuana.
 that weed really calmed me down tooooo much over the years im really to nice 
 surprised more people arent on the smoking wax bandwagon lol shit tastes better  lasts longer and saves you money if you smoke heavy
 all weed no primos
 all this wrap and no weed  
 himalayan pink salt  lemon pepper  smoked paprika  lime juice and ginger 
 a long weekend in the great smokey mountains. heneedstherest ineedtonap lol.... @ harrahs 
 anyways i been watching x men in spanish for like 30 minutes now shoutout to weed
 ive been so busy at work all day i think ive only smoked 3 cigs
 some smoke up front. mellow chocolate. very little pb. ok... chocolate peanut butter joe e brown 
 51 of people tried marijuana today idk  that seems a little high 
 interesting people smoke
 took almost 2 years but she finally smoked with me 
 i havent smoked a bowl in like..two months. that shit is unacceptable.
 i havent smoked all day and my body feels like its deteriorating
 i smoked like three different types of weed today. 
 @patricklanewv    can you explain your no vote one the medical marijuana i know many people that could benefit from this ..
 fire breaks out at phoenix apartment one man suffers smoke inhalation 
 weird going around oregon seeing canabis shops lol 
 so far the only thing ive really done is smoke and sleep
 i need a damn sugar momma just so i can smoke in her house and drink all the juice in her fridge
 if you arent smoking some weed sitting on your couch tonight at 11 waiting for this idk what to tell you
 tell tess that is a requirement to smoke a cig after eating keep your anti cig protests to yourself
 tell tess its a requirement to smoke a cig after eating
 if you havent smoked in a week and you need to take a swab drug test how likely are you to pass asking for a friend
 i dont think ive ever smoked so fucking much around so many pigs in my life than here in the h
 drinking a smokey the pear by good times brewing at @millhousepizza  
 i havent smoked a blunt in my new car yet 
 wow little cherry taste  then boom smokey woah dif... ephemeral cherry smoked amber  photo
 i study amp remember more when ive smoked
 i used to hate on spliffs but theyre actually a really nice way to smoke
 i recently told a guy i like him more than weed  and wow thats a big commitment are yall ready to move in together yet
 honestly ive probably been high these past two days being here cause everywhere someone is smoking weed
 i wish weed was as cheap as cigarettes dude
 best hs basketball game ive seen in a long time holy smokes  
 we are still smoking weed okay @vp
 glad i broke my terrible habit of biting my nails. now whenever i feel like biting my nails i smoke 3 cigarettes instead.
 walton wouldve already smoked out of it. 
 i havent smoked weed or a cig since wednesday ...i hit a new record
 first time in months i heard sumbody use kd as a measurement of weed.
 i hate when i get smoke in my eyes
 one of these days ima smoke like 5 blunts and walk around.
 still have my joint i didnt get to smoke w homies... guesss just hotbox myself to some indie 
 @biglnasty2 its ridiculous that people think that smoking weed will cure cancer. even in oil form it only helps with certain kinds.
 ive never seen so much weed in my life till tonight 
 glad my mother accepts the fact that i smoke weed
 this past week... ive never wanted to smoke a bowl so badly in my life...
 the person who wrote this probably watches weeds and breaking bad. 
 pretty damn sure its not directly linked to smoking marijuana and only marijuana lmfao 
 miller is getting smoked tonite wbc2017 usa 
 people that smoke cigarettes or chew are so unattractive
 since when do u smoke cigarettes 
 holy smokes... wbc2017 
 i havent been as upset by the fact that i cant whistle since i discovered my natural talent for smoke rings.
 dang these people are this cigarette smoking  about to drive me crazy   they jus smoke one cigarette after another 
 glad bri wanted to hangout amp smoke w me considering i have no other friends lol 
 people still smoke hookah
 chance still working...the dream is to one day come out of the smoke 
 ive smoked a dick and tasted a cigar 
 unless you smoke amp or drink every weekend you arent going to make friends in dolgeville.
 2 gs sitting in my purse crying cause i aint smoked them yet
 well ive only smoked one cigarette the whole day bc im sick so i guess thats good. 
 so much weed at irving plaza right now for jeezy.
 who tf is rting weed
 navajo frybread i dank af.   dont let me smoke a bowl around a batch of this
 navajo frybread is dank af.   dont let me smoke a bowl around a batch of this
 i wish weed was legal  almost rolled a joint at our table smh
 chris headass said 5 kinds of weed lmao like its 5 strands not kinds nigga 
 havent smoked a cigarette all day
 i only smoked with one person since i been down here... and they had bullshit weed too
 my ass still laying here . like my weed aint two steps away 
 hunter wait i have a question. why dont we just empty out a whole cigarette and out weed in it
 i ride around in your car  i put my weed in your blunt  i am the sky to your star i am the end of your month you are the start of my day
 i havent been without smoke in forever 
 first time ive ever witnessed someone having a bad experience the first time they smoked. maybe it was bc they smoked top shelf indica
 first time ive ever witnessed someone having a bad experience the first time they smoked. maybe it was bc he smoked top shelf indica
 three grams of marijuana worth 1760 what is this 
 high asf at this kickback amp i havent smoked 
 @ratifygg you guys did not just all smoke a half ounce joint to yourselves... o
 today was the first day i havent smoked weed in close to a year and i feel super depressed and paranoid
 @xanthony23x i havent smoked it yet if youre down 
 been 2 months since ive smoked weed 
 know im on parole so aint no smoking weed tonight
 been 2 months since ive smoked weed
 i am italian half cheese  half weed
 i just smoked so many cigarettes wtf hep me
 pussy money weed x lil wayne changed my life in middle school
 the worst part about not smoking weed anymore is the fact im not smoking weed lol. ive reached for my bong so many times out of habit.
 i hate getting smoked out in a club 
 when robert pressures you to smoke wax   smh 
 heres the thing about marijuana it sucks and i hate it
 this hookah bar reeks of weed lmao 
 im ready to smoke again shit ....5 hours was too long ago 
 havent smoked since thursday and im going through it  
 my mom asked me if i smoked cigarettes amp ive never felt so disrespected
 @arabeccas doc told me two days ago that if i smoked another cig my lungs would collapse but here i am 
 some come smoke a damn cigarette with me pls
 listening to @6lack and its arguably the best music to smoke to .. im hella vibin.
 lastnight i smoke swisher after a wood
 anyone trying to link and smoke or something
 it might also be my ego. ive been in the weeds so long i have no real way of assessing my skills.
 i need to be up in 6 hours for a 12 hours shift and here i am  smoking weed and eating banana pudding. so disrespectful to future me.
 lord  lemme smoke and get to this gym. chest and arms still sore from thursday night.
 my roommates smoke so much weed and i hate it 
 idk what tf kind of weed fred been smoking but its been making him get out his body. he better catch a grip
 this also means 8 of the population tried cannabis for the first time in the past year 
 where theres smoke  theres fire...are people really honestly still defending this shit 
 me  at a party  smoking a cig i havent smoked cigs in like five days  its more of a party trick.
 currently on scene dunblaine cres  crews advancing a hose line into basement  smoke visible  all persons reported o 
 whole house smoked out tryna cook some damn bacon 
 a very good beer. the smoke really comes through.... strange shadows from the flames  photo
 talking to people who think they know everything about pot but have never smoked and actually know nothing is honestly so frustrating
 i smoked off her lastnight  hope i dont sick
 i smoked off her lastnight  i hope i dont get sick 
 i mightve just mistook a primo bowl for a regular bowl of weed.
 but weed should be illegal smh 
 weve smoked a lot of bud bro just a little weed man
 havent smoked since friday
 @nooooooope the more i started smoking weed in general the less i started eating like i gotta be high to have an appetite
 who tf smokes lights @cailynhorna
 you niggas wanted weed legalized soooo bad... now niggas expect eiffys for 35 and you broke cuz u can only sell zips for 200 now.. dummies
 seven years ago today i tried horny goat weed. and it did not work. 
 so yo  am i the only one who smokes cigarettes cos im tryna die faster lol
 how tf is there coke and no weed
 how tf is there all this coke and no weed weed is the first step. the gateway. 
 just watched a man hand off a lit cigarette to his son who couldnt have been older than like 10 amp let him smoke...what
 anyways i cant wait to be back home and smoke a damn cig. havent had one all dayyyyyyy
 .@speakerryan why are you making me slow down is school zoneswh are you making people go to jail for smoking or growing weed notyourjob
 why tf would you smoke hookah
 in malibu next sat  join the cannabis culture.  
 why dont you have the smoked butter scotch frapuccino anymore im upset @starbucks
 i wont be able to smoke for a whole week 
 i hate when im smoking with somebody and all of a sudden they wanna tell a story with the blunt in hand like shut tf amp just smoke
 sade x weed being smoked right now.
 i havent smoked for 4 days 
 havent smoked out of a pipe in a while. shitty
 god it really took me a week to smoke all of this 
 never smoked 
 ive washed my hair two times today and i still cant get the smell on smoke out 
 then your child gets adopted by wonderful parents who embrace vaccinations and coincidentally dont smoke meth like your birth parents.
 i ate an edible but i forgot i ate that edible and i just smoked. if i die  please remember that men are trash.
 if not for the glorious 2year brandon weeded era  the @browns would have had a new week one starter every year for 
 dawg i was stuck we smoked like 8 grams a 3.5 wood i took a bar and a half and a bean i was geeked then we got to t 
 @sourcederived i assume so but i havent. its a wild dill weed.
 my dad just smoked a joint for the first time in 30 years and im dying
 havent smoked at all today
 this girl has smoked weed once and cant inhale yet this is the product 
 she smoked weed once once and cant even inhale right. smh this is why everyone hates white people smh 
 i wonder how long itll take me to smoke this half lmao
 smoked too much weed and ate too much shitty food gtlt so lazyyyy and i still have 5 more hours to go
 ive been in cali for like 3 days and i have yet to smoke some cali kush
 still cant believe i havent smoked in 5 months 
 such a waste of weed smh 
 irish smoked fsu in 2 of 3 matchups this year. this is silly.
 @wwebitches my dad has smoked for 51 years.
 i remember the first time ive smoked everytime i smoke because of you
 sams playing drank in my cup by kirko bang this song makes me want to smoke weed and have sex with a thug
 someone catch this smoke on battlefield one.. username is seymorebutts55x
 been at the airport flight got delayed .. left da airport to smoke da pressure now im boardin otw to da city
 i havent smoked a cigarette the entire time ive been in maryland with alex. havent even thought about it. until now i guess shes great
 my cat likes weed  i just caught him chewing on a stem 
 smoking is so unattractive tbh i hate that my mom smokes
 i have so much weed amp i havent smoke it lmfao
 thanks for the additional seasoning carrabbas looks like marijuana to me 
 days like this make me glad i dont smoke cigarettes bc id be chain smoking like crazy rn
 i just smoked a bike and drank a beer and th my tattoo artist. before he tattooed me. byeeee
 im here for that khalid x smokepurpp collab 
 the fact that i havent smoked a blunt today
 the smell of actual weed is seeping through the hotel  i bet its the front desk people
  we were suppose to smoke together like three times amp never did smh. but you cool asf amp you probably the devil bc you light asf 
 i met so many smoked out people today
 lmfao at the fact that i just up and stopped smoking weed over a month ago. not even sure if its made me feel that much better or clearer
 you would think after smoking w the first one youd grow up and learn to not smoke w the next child but then again some people are idiots
 body full of tattoos i smoke weed pop bottles. i prolly shoulda died a long time ago but god got me fr 
 @donnabrazile  are you drinking or smoking the weed
 i buy weed from 9 different people 
 ive smoked my weight this weekend lol
 i stopped smoking on 10515. i have not smoked in 524 days.  qwit @qwitapp
 my weed dealer buy little baggies off of wish
 i only smoke weed and cigarettes.
 a dildo  a pound of weed  and a 20 gallons of xan juice. 
 who trying to smoke this wax blunt
 @twosapphiresblu and its about to get weed because im following you now
 @thechainsmokers smoked out the spot... 
 i know im sick.....i only smoked twice today 
 i think its so cool how some people smoke with their siblings and family
 all the people who used to bitch at me for smoking smoke more than i do now
 cause after that party i know its smoked tf out 
 ahh fuck i need a smoke  to many people  wish to annoy me today 
 since im not smoke im cooking all the thing halp 
 i havent smoke in 2 days and im real deal crying in the inside 
 i feel like half the kids i graduated with are still smoking weed in parking lots and living with their parents
 lmfao  the smokers look 
 i hate black a mild and cigarette smokers 
 smoke gas till i levitate you aint never smoke that jet fuel
 short answer weed 
 idk anyone who says it all proper like weed eater  i say it like weed deeder 
 dawg they got me smoking weed
 always go out of my way to help people  never eat in front of someone without paying for them too  smoke them out  buy them things etc
 smh im just tryna smoke 
 you aint ever smoke that jet fuel 
 omg i only had time to sleep and wake up early or do hw now but instead i smoked weed and watched 4 episodes of girl meets world
 i was an idiot and smoked my yearly cigarette a few nights ago. i think i got sick because of that decision.
 havent smoked all day slacking
 aint smoked in 23 months  thats crazy.
 im in walmart and ive walked past 2 different people whom smell like straight weed from a factory...the smell is sooooo strong
 i wonder how many people in the world dont smoke weed
 played dampd for the first time tonight in maybe like...ten years so much fun. ran a campaign for 3 hrs and didnt smoke a single cigarette.
 ever as a nonsmoker sit at a bar where someone went outside as a smoker amp still made you feel like a smoker assholes fuckingasshokes
 most plug i ever received at a cannabis event socalbadparty thank you @dopemagazine 
 everyone trips out when i tell them i stopped smoking weed
 ima blow pounds of smoke.
 blowing smoke cause i cant cope with the way i feel 
 what happens when you smoke some bud and forget to fucking reply smh
 i have not smoked a cigarette in over 6 months  the past 2 days are the only times in 6 months i have craved them so bad. wtf go away.
 i been so hungover all day that ive only been able to eat one thing amp smoked half a bowl 
 never smoked in my life. but drank hmm if u count a shot i took then 5 days ago  
 wow cool you smoke weed do you want a sticker
 wearing i would die if i smoked it 
 40 a quad here im just like lmao byeeee every weed man ever
 the amount of weed being given is unacceptable  
 just smoked a personal bowl   ampamp now im eating pizza while watching supernatural . id say im pretty content 
 man there be some really depressed people on my tl   smoke some weed your living
 today when i smoked i got to somewhere ive never been and i dont think you can keep me away from it
 i went outside to smoke a cig...three coyotes walked up to the end of my driveway and growled at me. ive never been so scared in my life.
 buys a pound a weed
 x seems like the type to smoke you out then berate you and tell you youre going to die from it... freex
 lirr west hempstead branch suspended due to an unauthorized vehicle on the tracks being struck by a train 
 let me find out who smoked a cigarette in my car 
 basically  a new theory is that mike brown was selling weed to the store owners hours before he died amp when he came back the next day...
 91 people a day from opioids. to this day 6 people have died with marijuana listed as a secondary factor that lead 
 people are content with blaming things like weed for peoples downfall or mistakes
 when u smoked all the weed but still tryna get high  
 tell my why the fuck people still smoke cigarettes it the bathroom at school
 idk why i drank coffee this morning amp smoked so much.
 @dgodfathermoody hamlin amp smoke will agree on a 3rd man rule for joeys crew.  they seem to fight joeys fights since he came to the 22.
 @bkbtnumbers just so wrong. if young tr lived in an era that recognized how gross sideburns were hed smoke him. way more aesthetic.
 two weeks smoke free 
 drowned herself in tears so many times before  smoked so much she doesnt even care
 peace. todays nutmilk is soaked flax seeds  almond milk  coconut cream  hemp hearts  turmeric  raw oakland honey  tahinehsesamebutter.
 this nigga den smoked the weed  lmao like wtf jeremiah
 bag of chips  smell of bo amp old wet smoked pot  just who i wanted to be sitting next to in the dr office loser mondaymorning really
 you aint never got two things that match always got weed amp no wrap 
 @jxroo first night i ever smoked a cig i think
 idk what kind weed i be smokin on at 4 am when im tweeting lmfao   dont hold me accountable
 lets just smoke right here if we get caught well be fine they cant fire me since your fucking quitting
 lol i smoked now im good 
 i smoked a whole blunt and he had two cups of tea. i love us 
 you can smoke in here lol havent seen a place like this in a long... traditional lager  photo
 her so im a bi  vegan  socialist  intersectional feminist. me trying to impress her i smoke cigarettes and reblog porn on tumblr too
 people will smoke the roach down so much they end up smoking their fingernails
 finally can say ive smoked a blackwood 
 idek how many blunts i smoked man 
 onlyyou mondaymotivation smokeys message is always good to remember  especially with warmer temperatures around 
 smoking some damn fine 5 cannabis. 32.7 thc and helps my pain so much. thank you cannagods 
 cam i told you son it be the weed 
 you say whats your plan the people make the choice for themselves.  are you also willing to remove the mandate on smoking marijuana
 havent smoked in 6 days  you go girl chas
 bae just smoked me n duke heads off llf 
 she looks like a total weed head @ladyyelizabeth
 @leaahrayanne happy birthday  thanks for letting people blow vape smoke in your face so i could take cool photos 
 where you get weed over here lmfaoo i ain never got weed in noho 
 its a requirement in france to smoke and drink a litre of wine a day and they have longer lives  cheaper healthcare 
 dont get me wrong  i smoke my tank fuel also  but its my tank fuel.
 manda no its crazy like bri doesnt even remember and it was junior year.  mama k okay shes smoked a lot of weed since then.   
 people are retarded the weed in new york is actually dank
 ill never understand how or why people willingly smoke cigarettes
 @snobiwan oh wow couldnt people just smoke instead itd be less annoying.
 my hs prof just asked how many people have smoked a hookah. its hookah  not hookah  we arent fishing 
 i havent smoked a cigarette in so fucking  long but damn one sounds so good.
 when i dont have weed i literally just lay in bed thinking how nice it would be to be smoking weed or getting smoked out
 my anxiety is honestly so bad  im having weed withdrawals
 havent smoked in a while
 i never smoked weed in yo momma house  unless you sparked that shit... or she was out of town
 i smoked cinderella 99 and time slowed down 900
 i need to smoke like rn before i slap this nigga upside his damn head
 life is too short to live in fear of what others think of u  nofucksgiven smoke weed everyday lol
 @position410 facts. and it doesnt feel like its almost been 2 years since i smoked.
 hypothetically speaking. if one wanted to find marijuana in euerka springs  ar. where would he or she go
 witnessed my mother purchase a shamrock plant woodsorrel aka weeds for 5
 my professor  i had a couple of joints of marijuana this weekend in amsterdam. ive been chillin  class oh okay professor.
 might plan a smoke out this week. im done this week 
 look weed muffins 
 i will find u and we will smoke a whole pound and get married lol  
 i havent smoked in 3 months. but every night i dream of the mitch.
 if he didnt always have such good weed we would have fired him years ago.  mylatestworkreviewsaid
 havent felt like studying all day  probably because my mouth feels like its being burned with a soldering iron. gonna smoke weed about it
 so many people was tryna smoke for free last night like da fuc u think this is
 the first recorded use of marijuana was in china  over 4700 year ago retro facts doingitright marijuana
 bouta smoke a vegan wrap how is this going to taste 
 valdes was very drunk and high on marijuana.   she had just dropped off her own two young children  right  before t 
 i just realized i havent smoked at all today
 nationalnappingday means nothing when insomnia has you in hour 32s grip  smoked all my dope and still wide awake. af 
 i do have data right now he but i see @nojumperdotcom go a new store super lit i remember when he first got that weed sponsor lol
 i havent smoked in a week  im tryna quit
 these white people that i see in dispensaries look like theyd never touch or smoke weed lol
 girls 4 years ago kyle why do you smoke thats gross  girls today smoke that cigarette lip gallagher  me 
 i havent smoked a blunt by myself in so long i need to do this more often 
 first time seeing a weed machine  
 just about got smoked by three different cars on independence in a matter of 5 seconds and i want to say it surprises me but it doesnt.
 smoking oro @miamicigarstore with billy  great shop in miami florida @ smokeshop downtown miami 
 i havent smoked in so long but bihhhhh
 once tried following more folks  didnt take. now i weed follows every month or so... nothing personal  all for my personal mental health.
 i hate that my family hates me because i smoke weed
 we dont smoke hookah we smoke loud
 @potus @vbpd @spacestation grayvolkswagon two women smoking marijuana 911 virginia beach fishing pier 15th and atlantic
 uruguay smoking some of the worst weed ive ever seen
 damn i be sick wishing i could smoke 
 now on draft  @singlecutbeer strange shadows from the flames 7.2 abv brewed with nys cherrywood smoked malt  i 
 cigarette smoke makes me sick 
 btw my tolerance is coming down  havent smoked since yesterday 
 two smokes. two birds.
 why do people smoke cigarettes 
 seared lamb chops on the arteflame with a hint of smoke flavor are simply amazing. lambchops 
 .@eoriiart  playing harvest moon i accidentally pulled a weed and i died
 @tommychong ery time i hear @thebeatles 8 days a week i sing 8 days a weed.
 i hate it when new ppl i smoke with hog my motherfucking blunt bitch this the first amp last time smokin with yo hoggin ass 
 @obama took our hardearned tax dollars and burned it in the smoke 
 i havent smoked a blunt in a min
 just smoked a joint on a bridge with a stranger in key west. life is good
 same bro ive never smoked so many jays by myself  
 my grandma was litttt  she ate an edible  smoked amp drank 
 so ive faced 3 woods today need someone to smoke with
 i just wana smoke some pot
 i been here since july amp i am just now getting my first smoke break ever thanksgod
 ever since ive seen niggas addicted to coke ive had the tendency to stick to my smoke
 damn this weed good because i dont know how tf it took me til 140 to close this cancerous nonsense 
 @chrislhayes the bit about cigarette smokers made me kind of cringe  but...well  it is what it is  i guess.
 lets play the game am i getting sick or does my throat hurt from the pack and a half and 4 blunts ive smoked today
 haha i cant believe i just smoked with two people ive known since i was like 5
 when i just ate an edible  smoked weed  and smoked wax 
 @thepoopigopha i see people smoke k2 blunts like theyre bud lmao its such a force
 microwavecamera cool thats where i make my dark chocolate cannabis truffles
 i havent smoked in months  i forgot how amazing it feels to be high
 so many young people smoking outside @seattlecentral at lunchtime today. smoking is disgusting and unhealthy who smokes these days
 @michaell0302 the only people really threatened by hemp are the ceos of those industries and private prisons.
 i never understood that they were smoking marijuana when i watched this as a kid. i thought they were just hanging out in the basement....
 ive been playing a game where i smoke in 4 different spots
 my weed dealer just followed me on snapchat
 every since i left i havent smoked the same 
 good luck @kalebcollins09 its too easy have fun getting smoked you will be a good doc learn your shit
 so i had my final interview for the cannabis dispensary job that ive been trying for. ill know by the end of the week if i get it.
 good weed  good music    purchase your beats today link in bio  mp3 | wav 
 i dun smoked infinite ls today
 havent smoked in a month amp a 12 im back on my mission.
 all my twitter friends answer me this why does everybody think i smoke weed do i look like a drug dealer
 stg i think i get higher when i smoke alone  i be deep ishell in my thoughts
 @doctordub20 havent been to umfsu since 10...first time taking my now wife down there. too bad we got smoked
 @charnesbrian @bfraser747 @avery1776 smoke what
 you guys.. my boyfriend literally smoked weed from a cucumber today  i have never seen anything like this hahahaha 
 i accidentally picked up a frog when i was pulling weeds out of the ground earlier.
 if i robbed my ex id get a half a gram of weed  2  an expired license and a watch worth about 13 bucks 
 thats what the rappers smoke okay maddie
 so many people snapped me back trying to help me blow smoke rings and i appreciate yall. so kind
 wen your throat hurt that mean you smoked reggie right @kglizzy7
 thebachelorfinale drove me to smoke a cig for the first time time since december. damnyouharrison
 cigarettes and weed hits  trying to escape from a world where no one needs him
 headline should read teens who use fake weed are more likely to be fucking retarded 
 i havent smoked weed since tomorrow
 im a weed baby. im fine lol 
 legalize weed in kansas so these bitch ass weed dealers can stop coming up with excuse on why they cant make paper
 im such a stoner  ive smoked like 3 times in the last week  shut up bitch  i smoke like three times a day
 so i smoked a blunt 3045 minutes ago and now i wanna roll another one 
 ive never even smoked weed before 
 my momma bf just called me and asked what kind of cigs i smoke and bought me a pack  when i say he the goat 
 my house almost caught on fire but its alright. a little smoke never hurt ig
 i smoked half of a cigarette and then i got yelled at by my mom. hi guys  im 16.
 someone on my fb 4 people died shoveling snow in wi today. but yet how many deaths has marijuana caused jus sayin
 i was 12 when i first smoked lol 
 havent smoked a cigarette in three days but im about to 
 i havent had feelings..like legit love feelings in so long my life feels empty..so ive made up for it with weed and whiskey 
 and like i have seen a lot of weed and joints etc
 me any time i smoked freshman year 
 i hate when a mf say  yuon need to smoke 
 to smoke this cig or not 
 this mane @tinobandz told me two hours ago hed be over in 10 minutes dont smoke without him
 dont get ya ass smoked over a couple dollars lil boi 
 oh btw parents found out i smoke today 
 gonna go to the phentermine doctor and say either prescribe what you have on your sign  or ill smoke meth  your choice.
 i had been sober since january and by sober i mean no cocaine or alcohol. i havent smoked since either.   i feel really really good.
 every alcoholic after twenty years wishes hed smoked weed everyday instead. hickswasright
 he smoked us. glad he is on our side now 
 i hardy smoke but when it the @barberjuan21 the primo im down 
 @qwertyoruiopz smoke crack every day  then you only need to sleep like once a week.
 him match me bet him how many woods you tryna smoke  me 
 wow i cant smoke for 3 days
 i never thought that people on the east coast smoked weed
 my roommate didnt think that anyone from the east coast smoked weed until she watched broad city
 i havent smoked in 3 months. ive been an angel. all i wanted was some wholesome baked goods out of my fridge
 drinking wine and smoking weed. two things i literally do not like doing. who am i.
 i forgot i packed the bong before i laid down and ive been wanting to smoke for like 10 minutes but been to lacy and im hype
 yo i just choked on my cigarette smoke and almost threw up dis da funniest shit idk why 
 all i need in this life of sin is good weed   some drank amp my guts rearranged das it 
 wow. this tinder ho smoked  ate all my snacks  drank my alcohol  and stole my cash while i was in the bathroom... what the hell.
 taking a t break this week lol i hate having to smoke so much to get high now i feel like a pos lol
 throwback to when i went to flames n smoked hookah for like 10 minutes then left and puked in a mcdonalds parking lot
 i literally counted how many blunts i smoked in 4 days 
 during his 6 hour inspection for which i was there for 3 hours  i smoked like 10 fucking cigarettes
 the battery in my smoke detector has been  for like 2 weeks. yet it can beep every 40secs or so letting me know its dead..okay
 damn nobody is ever tryna smoke 
 learn about cannabis  find a marijuana dispensary amp cannabis news | cannabis 
 i smoked and ate a cookie and i still cant sleep
 hazel green mobile home fire 1589 scott rd. 1 person burned critical injuries another with smoke inhalation. home 
 have been sick for over a month. cant make this cough go away. havent been smoking in result cant handle my weed
 i smoked some nasty ass wax amp been feelin like shit since then. got me all fucked up
 waking up in the middle of the night almost routine. another weed hiatus may be happening soon
 might smoke a pound wit pound
 i will never understand why people go to bars and just stand outside and smoke and the whole time...
 @time the weak weeding themselves out.. goodriddance
 i smoked and i can still feel this headache 
 all this time holdin onto possibilities  you step outside smoke a blunt  and then you feel the breeze.
 either im just retarded or the weed catching up to me 
 ...and a pint of lean  pound of weed and a kilo
 lowey some of my friends hate me and i can easily tell by there attitude and behavior but i aint tripping lmao ima smoke one for yall tho
 all this bitch do is fckn smoke 
 my step momma leaving  amp my daddy dont smoke like her
 holy smokes im sitting in starbucks  look up and look at dude think wow  looks like tim kaine exactly  then barista says here tim
 snoop dog has honestly smoked one too many blunts .....horrible music video about @realdonaldtrump 
 probation got me at these drug treatment classes  nigga i havent smoked in 5 years
 i hate cyphing with people that clip the blunt half way and smoke it 3 hours later 
 its a good day to lay in bed and smoke a bunch of wax
 my dad is probably the worst roommate.   doesnt know people are sleeping at 5am  smokes  and takes my damn lunch.
 snow days arent fun when youre out of weed and broke ............
 i once dated this dude that smoked so many of them it grossed me out and i stopped buying them asap.
 first i smoked a blunt with someone i havent seen in 2 years yesterday amp then i saw a kid get tased in the sand @ the beach luv englewood
 todays a smoke pot and read comics  kind of day
 @sbarchenger @tennessean wonder how he squared getting a guy 3 years  2 in  one on parole  caught with 2200 pounds of weed  fact 
 this the weed they seized from ppl years ago 
 somebody just asked me in the library did i wanna smoke lmao wow what a great place
 yasssss  @jenny69 rant on marijuana was the best shit ive seen in my entire exsistance.  
 white smoke on a blue sky... the signs of an all time day   @twoplankintyler | shred | 
 i need to find people down to smoke in lowell..
 ill never understand why marijuana is illegal but cigarettes are totally fine.
 if youre seeing smoke and flames up and down clinton parkway today dont worry. full story coming. 
 this shit is so fucking old but still so fire. like wiz hasnt smoked blunts in years and hes smoking a blunt in t 
 some girl on fb posted a status about how she hasnt smoked in 3 days.... shes 7 months pregnant
 @tmz @nesn i think the weed has finally caught up with snoop smh
 lmao how weed dealers be this stupid 
 ive smoked weed in almost every hotel around the country ...
 someone really smoked a cigarette in our school bathroom 
 had weed since lastnight amp i havent touched it cause i didnt feel like rolling 
 i thought i was suppose to work today lol smoked my boots too
 i can say its been about 3 months without a cigarette and ill never smoke one again 
 i hate when people call my bowl a pipe. bitch im smoking weed not crack
 ive seen your burnt out ass smoke before 
 im bad ...you garbage man you wrap rap trash...who you gon blast nigga who you smoked last nigga ...
 why are people dumb enough to have weed in their car at mother fucking school
 pastry chef cindybearmans milk chocolate mousse pie  chocolate fudge sauce  peanut brittle  smoked sea salt at 
 i need a group of people that smoke to go w me to columbus 
 pastry chef cynthiabearmans milk chocolate mousse pie  chocolate fudge sauce  peanut brittle  smoked sea salt 
 havent smoked in a week 
 i kept thinking the pen wasnt hitting so i kept smoking amp ended up getting sooo high. took a 312 hr nap woke up smoked againampwent ro bed.
 this why the government hates weed they smoking grass 
 this lady at the bar just asked if i had weed because i smell like it but i havent smoked for 4 hours
 still aint had a chance to hit this weed yet...
 i need 2 more solid hours from you today. goes and smokes cigarette
 the sxsw cannabis session im attending is the only session ive been to that has snacks. the jokes almost write themselves @leafly
 time went by it all went up in smoke
 ... or just black guys who smoke hookah  
 ... dont let @rozzay influence you to smoke hookah next time 
 this was 2 days ago. lol.  @ smoke amp barrel 
 reggie smoker  
 lmao uncle sam smokes mid 
 it actually feels so good not smoking cigs anymore. im still around second hand smoke all the time but still
 @kuwop3000 we out for 420 world cannabis week 2016 trailer  april 20th 2016 denver  co 
 @bigtwen @antonazucar also boiled vs smoked  etc etc
 @gracethemermaid i wouldve punched them and never let them smoke again. no.
 no wonder the government doesnt think weed helps patients..look at what theyve  produced.
 soo i havent smoked in 3 days..  thats the longest its been since the 3 month period during the summer after junior year... lol im shook
 @rachelaveryy its actually one of the best fucking spots ive ever been. they slow smoke their ribs for 18 hours. 
 w smoked cigars amp drank cognac on white house balcony with sa crown prince on 912. then flew out obl family @cherrivarisco @nanadavis46
 @baileemoser and all they do is buy weed from the money they got from their momma  some people have life so fuckeddd upppp stg
 havent smoked since november  thats dedication lol
 just found out that half the people i work with grow weed haha
 all we do is smoke all day 
 @christianea2 if i smoked still 
 @bearclawkilla thats 100 times worse than the worst weed ive ever seen lol
 my nerves already bad because i havent smoked 
 if i smoked id buy this 
 pressed smoked pork belly sandwich wgruyere  white bean masala spread  ham hock aioli amp shaved 
 hooka smoke going to be covering the dominican fans
 well  i got people to link with amp weed to smoke.  holla at yall   yall know how to get in touch with me
 havent smoked all day amp im already irritable af
 i judge people that smoke meth and people that do crossfit about the same.
 .@myeverettnews the marijuana tax is too damn high 
 moe.  busch  weed  snow day essentials  stellablizzard snowmageddon2017 wishiwasinvt mcboofin 
 i hate smoking woods with niggas that dont smoke them 
 i went all day yesterday without eating bcus i hadnt smoked.
 hate that he smokes shit stanks  
 i need a 2nd weed dealer who doesnt live like a half hour away....
 after 5 long years i finally quit smoking weed man and i feel amazing 
 after 5 long years i finally quit smoking weed 
 im sick and tired of being sick and tired so all the pain gets smoked away
 tmrw the house judy comm. can do something about als failed war on marijuana. why support hb269  alpolitics
 wtf kinda weed have they been giving people lol 
 this lunch break turned into how many cigarettes can i smoke in an hour
 happy pi day my fellow nerds  to celebrate i made these little cuties.   mini smoked 
 the first thing we did when we got to miami  hopped on the rental n went to the weed man lol
 i see no smoke ring ruined a fine piece of meat @coachtprice would be so disappointed. smh 
 attn we are ending our grand opening hours this week. our new hours are posted on our weedmaps page 
 bitch im smoked out i be seeing five elements
 sitting want to take some shots no i want to smoke i got a pen i got you nothing like getting your hair done and smoking
 i feel like the world would be better if people who smoked cigarettes all just disappeared
 i smoked for the first time in a year and i could taste the lung cancer
 i smoke atleast 6 to 7 joints ah day bruh no blunts
 did i see that correctly that there was smoke coming out of the basement or the garage 
 @peta my dog ate about half a gram of weed  should i worry about the munchies
 my dad seriously just asked me who i smoke with amp if i know anyone to get seeds from 
 a cannabis expert compared smoking that to eating an apple  with the seeds and the branch it was attached to lmaooo 
 tailights getting a smoke on this fine tailighttuesday left is before and right after sinister 
 honestly youre in 8th grade stop posting about how youre smoking weed or getting drunk. its illegal and gross.
 ramping up the smokefactor again for our third batch of gateway smoked porter. definitely the 
 i want a cig but i havent smoked in awhile dont wanna start smoking a pack a day again
 manny didnt even smoke lastnight but he ate all my munchie food ... goodlooks
 i fucking hate when the million plugs i have for weed lagg. 
 on my momma i been limiting my features filling swishers up w reefer
 i really only know one dominican parent who smokes bud forreal. lmao
 @beynate speaking at uoft about understanding marijuana legalization. 
 im so sick and tired  of being sick and tired so all the pain just gets smoked away
 @skinner28d answer from surveys in both both us and europe not many. far  far outweighed by exsmokers and current smokers.
 i havent smoked in so long  im proud of myself 
 i smoked that blunt amp ate that food amp was knocked lol
 every time i wanna give up i think about how my piss and guts grandpa wouldve just drank more coffee  smoked another dart and kept goin
 i havent ate or smoked all day approach me with caution. lol
 niggas smoke sum weed and touch a gun and think the gangsta. smh
 its been so long since ive smoked  but burn it
 i feel like combining different protein powders like putting different strains of weed in the same bag 
 @steveschale squares with all the recent medical cannabis headlines. thats some genius subliminal lobbying.
 all the rappers i got on insta film themselves smoking weed in different countries instead of enjoying traveling.dats why i dislike stoners
 so your vegan because livestock industry is bad for the environment yet you smoke cigarettes and litter by throwing your buds on the ground
 so i found the smokey amp the bandit three pack for 7 today. i get home amp the first one isnt in the case. needless to say  im pissed.
 it took me a whole week to find hookah supply in miami. somebody explain to me why haitians dont smoke hookah 
 wow wow rachel maddox on ms nbc wow holy cow and they try to say i was in the wrong i know wheres there is smoke theirs fire 
 im scared to even smoke and that never happens   i dead really havent smoked a lot this past week or so
 @rudepundit if nothing else @maddow smoked him out a bit. wh commented pretty quickly when this broke. theyre slow 
 its going to be a mini smokey  running around fucking shut up 
 oh  heaven help me ive been sewing wildflower seeds and chasing tumble weeds but thats just who i be
 still aint smoked my blunt smh
 or the people that smoke and eat at the same time 
 lmfao the fact that me and @drewdinis smoked a blunt with my grampy 
 but today i smoked my last cigarette on everything im quitting its a dub . a fat ass d u b . never again . ok never
 skeet off in the 8 left the smoke in the lot
 i havent smoke
 havent smoked in 48 hrs bout to fckn diee
 i havent smoked pot in 10 years and just accidentally got really high. ama
 ive smoked and slept my day away lol
 this white little girl got the most powerful lungs ive ever experienced in a smoke ses
 @awonderdj i had a sublime girl once. i miss her and her weed man. oh when we were young. good times.
 @kayleahj and yet have probably drank and smoked more than me lmao
 notice all house hunter participants paint can be changed  weeds can be pulled amp your 1st home likely wont be your forever home hgtv
 .@suzannenannysue @robreiner you have to assume with all the smoke being reported that if there was no fire the trump admin would release.
 @kdanimalia joy are supports politicians who want to keep marijuana illegal and hates constantly on people who want it decriminalized.
 @akamaggieak ive decided to just space out permanently for the next 4 years in a haze of weed and i hope sex.
 people who smoke cigars out in public are the worst people of sxsw ....second are people who dont tip.
 i smoked up my whole checking account in 2 months 
 i hate weed
 find out how this @olehickorypits smoker changed our restaurant and business plan in the upcoming @manmeatbbq podca 
 tf is a government marijuana... no 
 today is the first day i havent smoked in months
 me spends 5 minutes finding the perfect bushel of kale at whole foods  also me smokes a joint with a stranger at the laundromat
 ok rant over about weed.  ive never smoked pot a day in my life
 lost count of how many blunts ive smoked today..
 wall street millennials are so stressed  theyre turning to weed  meth  amp cocaine. theyre plan is to buy high amp sell high @absrdnews
 today the first since i quit smoking ive been feeling like i gotta smoke smh
 i still miss smoking when in a bar alone. good thing no one can smoke.
 never smoked a day in my life and dont plan on it... 
 i hate giving white girls gbs they always be fucking it up and letting all the smoke go smh 
 today i tried cannabis butter. lmao 
 godzilla getting ready to smoke ghidorahs tails  kongskullisland cave painting easter egg. 
 i think i got too high to clean  i havent smoked from bulbasaur in a while.
 when you take your homies to the dealers grow room for the first time and they just started smoking weed 
 now that i stopped smokin  1 gd but before a bitch like me smoked nonstop so i needed like 2amp12  3 
 my third week of not smoking marijuana 
 @schubby9 @cheatneros ok u just need to log off that was pretty stupid...  so what am i suppose to smoke signal my mom instead
 cherry  pie smoke
 or it could be this meth i smoked beforehand idk but its working
 hate that after i smoke i get too deep into my thoughts
 yall i havent smoked since thursday  how havent i committed murder 
 bring me a bag of mini twix and ill smoke you out rn
 bring me a bag of mini twix and ill smoke you out rn
 he smoked our bud amp said latez 
 hokey smokes just got wind of tax return. @realdonaldtrump amp @travisk go arm in arm into the sunset before 2018. deleteuber impeachtrump
 i hate when ppl announce to me that my car smells like weed. like i knowwww i blow a bag in this bitch every day now get tf in
 got pounds of weed and a plan
 aint smoked in 3 whole ass weeks lmaooooo
 they really put nothing but pot smoker under hunter s thompson smh 
 i just smoked a bowl amp my cramps went away so fast  wow why have i never tried this
 niggas came back to school wit a backpack fulla weed lmaooo i smoked half and sold half
 i hate i dont think im gone be to smoke all this damn weed 
 i didnt smoke at all today 
 @wsupsia i choked on my smoke
 dad you probably know i smoke but it relaxes me to be honest  me ive known he smokes pot for like 5 years lol yeah i get it and idc
 it really bothers my how some parents arent ok with their kid smoking weed but theyre ok with them being a lil alcoholic 
 my weed man is so fine
 i need a weed man that is mobile and actually wants to make some money...bc these half ass drug dealers...need to get all the way tf on.
 apparently one cigarette takes 11 minutes off of your life. so how many do i have to smoke to die right now
 how do you hate cigarettes but smoke sheets and funnel...
 never smoke before 
 feels weird to not smoke weed for a while month. heres to another i guess.
 feels weird to not smoke weed for a whole month. heres to another i guess.
 its 230am and im fuckint sitting in my car in this 31 degrees frozen tundra ass shit just to smoke a cigarette.. what are my priorities
 its 230am and im fucking sitting in my car in this 31 degrees frozen tundra ass shit just to smoke a cigarette.. what are my priorities
 hate not being able to smoke i think thats why i hate my job now lmao. i miss taking baths and smoking 
 just smoked weed for the first time in years. and i think im dying. sos. take me to the er right now.
 just watched doctor strange and the dark dimension look like a whole bunch of nerve cells and bomb weed.
 people act so confused when i say ive never been drunk... i was a sheltered child w strict parents my b... imma just smoke a bowl
 250 am blowinnnm dummy dope smoke  
 250 am blowinnnm dummy dope smoke  
 yuuuuup high until you die baby.  if the entire workd smoked  its a fact  wed have world peace for an x amount 
 i was more focused in school when i smoked everyday smh
 i smoke atleast 7 times a day. on a bad day 
 today we channel the smokey eyed lumberjill.  not too shabby. not too shabby indeed 
 i drank way too much of the weeds  @allalyson17
 chris since youre sick clean your bong out if youre gonna smoke today momma ahear
 my chunky monkey is 8 weeks old today at almost 16 pounds  hank is growing like a weed. mommy 
 i hate the fact niggas really smoke leaf
 we letting smoke out @trulylikeluni @theyallonme @d00dathetruth shooters 
 as long as im chasing a check im never running out of weed never nigga
 iu got smoked. smh  now its time for creanwatch firecrean
 sometimes im convinced ive smoked myself retarded
 @pbandjenelley1 the first two episodes of teen mom you were smoking weed and then youre pregnant again three babies three different dad
 i smoked a zip and a half since friday  i need to stop smoking all the time...
 i feel that people who take pictures of their weed everyday should be flogged. we get it you smoke pot. youre cool and people like you.
 its half past three and look at all the weed we smoked
 i just smoked to this.... the fucking  
 this landscaper wanted to charge me 250 biweekly to remove my weeds
 im finna smoke one for all my people
 and i havent smoked weed since mid january
 glorious morning air disrupted by disgusting cigarette smoke as @starbucks barista sits across from me amp lights up. cancerkills
 your dawg tell you to slide he finna smoke you. you get there and see this.  what you doing 
 lost my job at music choice got cali weed connect same week dj gig next week using records i got from music choice reup using unemployment
 erik is a blessing dead ass   without him amp weed idk how i wouldve got through this experience .
 having a nice smoke with a ron zacapa 23 mojito 
 behind all the billowing smoke and fiery plumes even dragons hearts bit to a sweet melody treasured in their souls 
 so many people on uneducated when it comes to weed.
 its been a full week since ive smoked 
 and theyve spread like weeds ever since 
 just as none of the crack babies actually smoked  because of their parents lifestyle it trickles down  
 it works both ways. plenty of tokers think theyre all that because they smoke 
 trump is going to be 2 minutes from my house today...and i get to spray weeds instead.... 
 i havent smoked in forever n to tell you the truth i feel greaaat 
 still getting smoked with snow lmao
 the best smoked beef cuts ive ever had was honestly in arizona
 movahs they smoked a pound   
 someone smoked a few too many pots and had a bad experience. 
 its been a long time since ive just had no weed at all
 on scene working house isabella av  one person being treated for smoke inhalation  all person reported out of home 
 i have a presentation today and i wore my shirt with weed on it
 people in co seriously hate cig smokers lmao
 sessions seems genuinely obsessed with weed. remember his i thought the klan was ok til i heard they smoked mariju 
 he is a closet weed smoker 
 i havent smoked in so long 
 sessions hates marijuana because he associates it with black and hispanic people.
 people fr think i still smoke weed 
 i know a lot of children who died by heroin.  not one who died by marijuana. 
 i want to smoke some hookah 
 remember all the people over dosing on marijuana and dying.. yea me too.. 
 you can smoke cigarettes out in public  but not weed so weird
 weather and temps are looking great for @mtcarmelbrewing on friday come on out for brewsnque...and our smoked salmon makes a return too
 i would choose weed over 99 percent of the people in my life . i promise this is no exaggeration
 i know exactly what funnel is. its just weird how someone can hate cigarettes but smoke funnel with their weed. 
 wow i havent craved to smoke in so long
 i truly didnt realize how many people smoked cigs till i came on spring break. yikes
 6 months without the weed today
 next up on the topic list dude weed lmao  and white girls like rawbry and starbucks
 hybrid weed. hybrid mug. 
 i love that ralph i smoke it by the lauren 
 people who smoke cigarettes  wyd
 hate the smell of smoke
 omg u are actually so cool u can smoke 5 cigarettes at once
 a pint of lean  a pound of weed and a kilooo.
 havent smoked all morning lol so if you know me you know how i been acting 
 people just retarded now. how is snoop dogg one of the faces of marijuana a role model for the children  
 drink this cannabis cocktail instead of beer on st. patricks day  via @liquor.com
 theres like 5 different people smoking weed at the circle thing at curtis hixon lmfao.
 im so tempted to smoke before my softball game since i have a shitload of time to kill when i get home
 you would think i smoke 6 packs a day  or smoke at all seeing how my lungs arent working right
 like any other prescription  you should never share medical marijuana with others. learn more at 
 people still smoke cigarettes
 im picky about my bbq and if you are too you should try smoke masters.
 dollar is getting smoked  out of gold 4 per
 hate when people smoke cigarettes around me
 reefer madness reefer madness  he still has his mind in the 19th century. 
 i hate cigarette smoke 
 i left my weed brownies on my bed in a ziplock bag and my dogs fucking are all of them and they were tripping tf out. but they good now
 never forget this nigga i dealt with wanted to link up amp smoke with some old bitch  he fucked who became like a sister.. i spazzed lmao
 u  a total idiot smokes weed to get high me  a genius smokes to get high n also as both selfmedication nd selfsabotage
 how people can smoke cigarettes and do drugs throughout their pregnancy is beyond me im so disgusted right now
 piss poor weed man smh 
 home from a beautifully productive day at work....now id like to thank god for today and this l im about to smoke 
 i need different strands of weed today
 or smoke hookah
 one time i ate a weed brownie and i wasnt okay for a month and a half
 some people really be looking smoked tf out.
 damn... people still smoke you out
 12 ppl died. she gets probation get caught w a pound of weed u getting life in michigan...these mfs crooked as he 
 this guy sitting in front of me smells so heavily of weed i think im getting high... 
 two years after the dea admitted marijuana is less dangerous than heroin  jeff sessions would like to reconsider 
 this woman smoking weed next to me and it smell so damn good 
 i had a cute vegan lunch then smoked a bowl with my older brother today in oakland. hes my favorite person.
 im such a pile of garbage. probably the only person who smokes right before seeing the doctor smfh
 recovering addicts are two times more likely to relapse if they smoke cigarettes  study finds. 
 drphil i havent smoked in a few days. can you bring me some smokes
 my school never had snow days growing up this message brought to you by the person who thinks smoke follows them around a campfire
 im really trying to get some bud tho  i havent smoked in so long
 hands down dopest dope ive ever smoked hands down 
 i expect to see white smoke from the hec ed chimney  soon   uwhoops romar godawgs 
 florida is decriminalizing marijuana possession. ive never been happier
 if my kid smoked as much weed as i do  id smack the shit out of him.
 @mkupperman i think we should conduct a double blinded studygive half of congress weed and half heroin and see if votes change.
 oh sometimes i get so ahead of myself feel like im runnin in circles oh and im just holdin onto my breath i need smoke just to exhale
 im glad ion smoke
 im just tryna have the same motivation as the people who smoke cigarettes. itd be 10 degrees out amp they still have a smoke break
 @halfcoordinated haha. i tend to tell them to give me the boot camp special because my hair grows like a total weed.
 i havent smoked in 4 days and im kinda proud lol
 ive almost smoked an entire 8th in 24 hours. thank you power rangers for making me legally retarded
 @loganmanos lmao you 100 right id need my amg s550 and a pound of weed
 am feeling like smokey sitting on that porch @ miami shores  florida 
 ate a weed cookie before coming to jakes parents house. im too high. im in the bathtroom live tweeting this
 this girl obviously never smoked weed 
 the amazing dutch people voted down the far right monster. they also stay high. and thats why far right hates weed. keeps you chill amp kind.
 my eyes been the same size for 19 years amp my parents real think i smoke now 
 if anyone out there still hates weed or potheads  you must hate the world or are just really ignorant. 
 i smoke too damn much now. lmao  im happier than ive ever been so oh well
 chilled apple broth made with smoked skins  poached and raw winter greens  oyster mushrooms 
 i want to smoke hookah
 i love that my parents smoke bc theyre much happier people 
 @peakedpies the cooling rack l dk chocochip multigrain crunch reg. butter r vanilla sparkle fingers wmedicinal cannabis butter.
 ive ordered a grip of weed that should answer this question for m e
 @dontestallworth @aotheprince93 wow  i messed up those tweets. monkeys died but from masks used not marijuana.
 finally unpacked from florida today and holy smokes i have so many clothes
 overhears a customer at work  now  i never smoked a cigarette  never smoked pot  but.. i did do crystal meth  hmm.
 im saying women w flaws deserve to see themselves in a different light. bitch smoke a blunt amp take that negativity 
 @dudethatstee @theylovekay @feenforshay @valaaaaryj @lexthaboss @yxngb @oddesseyj @kammysosa @chynaaa11 haan crib he smoked tf out
 @dudethatstee @theylovekay @feenforshay @valaaaaryj @lexthaboss @yxngb @oddesseyj @kammysosa @chynaaa11 crib be smoked tf out haan
 its wayback wednesday  on dinner with dre. i made a whole smoked 
 mom i could never date a person who smokes.. come on  i only have half a lung  im dead omg
 we getting smoked  but im wit my bros and we enjoying ourselves lol  wemovingdowntown 
 i like to smoke with new people  i just met this one guy about two hours ago and we just smoked 
 goodwill indeed | forgotten weed stash donated to goodwill @cnn 
 on god this me lmfao i smoke just to smoke 
 theis weed got me rappin different
 i ate too much cannabis butter 
 hosmer smoked that
 who tryna smoke a blunt on this fine wednesday evening
 @usagsessions marijuana is as dangerous as heroin tell  that to my dead son who overdosed on h almost 3 years ago 
 he hates marijuana more than i hate auburn 
 you smoking wood nigga not weed 
 cigarettes are worse. how do people get addicted i have never smoked and i will never. i feel dizzy when i am around someone whos smoking.
 cigarettes are worse. how do people get addicted i feel dizzy when im around someone whos smoking. i have never smoked amp id never do it.
 two weeks smoke free and im still out of breath after running 4 miles. what that hell
 dah x recth  that time we smoked dust 
 who tf got weed b
 you know how bad weed is for you you can get polio and parkinsons from it  hunter myrers 
 i think this is the longest ive gone with out smoking weed  ...like 20hrs fuhhhh
 jeff  ive smoked a ton of pot over years but had no trouble ever stopping amp havent smoked in 26 years. cant say 
 selena i just want you to know ive never smoked weed
 wishing i still had weed laying around like i used to so i can smoke this anxiety away
 would you smoke crack one hit for 10 000 dollars cash
 ive been in colorado all day and still havent smoked weed. we need to fix this problem asap 
 idk how people smoke prerolls with no fronto 
 but the wanna be hippie i smoke pot so im cool im so different than you group of idiotic girls wants to tweet about how stupid it is.
 miami you can now purchase jazzyrollingpapers at smokersgoods  9891 sw 72nd st  miami  fl 33173 
 damn i know im not tripping smelling weed thats not mine
 i was so stoned earlier today lol as i was having a smoke i started  really thinking about how many ppl just toss and throw their cigarette
 i think my parents took my weed wtf
 i got juice  smoke  loud. and i still dont smile
 no one ever died from marijuana naturalherbbs 
 it cost me roughly 2.80 to smoke a blunt
 tries to smoke me out  offer some pretty dank smelling weed he had  mentioned something about half a xanny he took. 
 so ive been trying to figure out why ive been so hyper today and ive come to find out ive havent smoked at all today 
 10 mins ago i was crying and throwing a fit bc i miss my bf and he wasnt textingcalling me back. now that ive smoked im sitting 
 just like people snapchat them smoking weed every day i snapchat me working out every day
 smoking weed being nosey on here
 sometime i still get stressed  but i smoke one  amp count my blessings 
 that was some good ass weed  n damn bro u at home yet  
 fulton ave metro engine 105 on scene reporting light smoke from a downstairs apartment initiating fire attack.
 i wana smoke more but the lighter is so far from my bed 
 my weed man so fine smh
 first time i smoke in years  my mom finds out  like wtf...
 smoked weed i think the first time this year havent had a cig in over 2 years ill pass on cigs everyday but sometimes i cant resist mary
 when you clean out your purse. its been a good week so far this is the marijuana waxdabs i 
 @kxnomorningrush  wasnt hard to find people who hadnt used marijuana in 3 year periodsgt. fiveo boom weed
 @abree00 ayee get smoked
 the people who live above me and next to me both smoke hella weed at the same time. like just link up yall.
 lmfao okay especially because every manager that ive had smoked weed 
 im officially on a tolerance break. my body cant be dependent on weed anymore. i hate it. cant sleep eat etc. 2 weeks starting now
 they say you cant die off weed  but when i stopped smoking for a month and started back i thought i was gon dieeee 
 never eating hot cheetos again swear it feels like i smoked ghost peppers with the devil in the sauna
 im here to get smoked out not ate out
 no smoke for 2 months 
 wtf.. i wanna smoke whatever you were smoking lmfao 
 ive really been doing tooo much sleeping idk why bc i dont smoke no more
 havent smoked in 5 months 
 damn 2 days sober since i smoke weed
 i swear smokey joe my dawg foreva eva 
 3 years....  3 fucking years   niggas get more than that for smoking weed 
 idk how some people smoke cigarettes after the gym its stupid af
 so marijuana sentences you to more years than child rape.. really shows how people see rape. 
 ok im so glad my brother smoked me out
 white people really do cocaine just how niggaz smoke weed
 i havent smoked since the last time i smoked
 i havent smoked in so long im proud of myself 
 im so glad my class is cancelled. no class until 1  may as well smoke a 3am blunt lol
 ive been smoking a lot more weed than like ever. not quite sure if this is good or bad yet tho.
 my two front teeth are so long that sometimes when i blow smoke out of my mouth it goes in two different directions
 dawg i started fucking howling when she fucking fell dawg then she proceeded to say i hurt my back like a person who smokes 12 packs a day
 im boutta smoke for my first time in some months. fuck it
 3 hour flight and im pretty sure the guy sitting beside smoked a whole pack of cigs before he boarded
 between last week and now  i done smoke 8 packs of grabba  a total of 32 joints. so this basically how much ize smoke per week.
 i cant stop drinking ros  just smoked a stogie.
 half the smoke was disinformation. 
 i hate cigarette smoke.
 that weed had me about to die i think im done smoking for a minute
 i hate when someone stands next to me  to smoke a cigarette shit be blowing mine
 its been 4 days since ive smoked and i can really feel the soberness
 its hilarious seeing everyone from hempfield tweeting about their two hour delay and how they want off
 inhale that bitch hate when people waste weed. 
 yo fr like dont smoke cigarettes that shit aint cool. this is coming from a cigarette smoker.
 cool  relax . . model skyhighv @ smoke rise  georgia 
 ive been getting so many i thought you didnt smoke snaps since i posted one of a blunt amp my dog.
 i just remembered that skylar white smoked cigarettes while pegnant. fuck that bitch.
 court was suppose to start at 9. its now 10 and we still havent started. knew i shoulda smoked before
 youre retarded you smoke how are you not autistic
 @omarkurdi20 @rania412 oatmeal n whole wheat anything is great..also  quinoa  hemp hearts  black beans  barley  bananas  potatoessweet  etc
 am i the only nigga that still smokes weed these days
 deputies amp fire crews are still on the scene  but no sign of smoke or flames @upnorthlive 
 im honestly being generous saying you an automatic 3 if you smoke cigarettes
 ill never understand why people smoke cigarettes 
 stopped eating gluten amp started working out in an attempt to be healthy... continues to chain smoke cigs and black out all the time 
 i hate the smell of weed now
 okay but why does no one believe me when i say im allergic to cigarettes lmao i was fine until i got stuck around smokers who reek of cigs
 rookie the ep otw   wavey smokey vol. 1 otw .
 miss my ga connects for tree man  havent smoked since two weeks after moving 
 this rlly cool group of venice artists i have a mutual bud with invited  e to smoke today i love making friends guys 
 from now on the only person im texting first is the weed man
 wow im really so smoked out but i love it fuck off
 | the smoke duck chefs plate | baltimorecultured | thanks jake |  chynothepublicist 
   minorities get 10 years for a g of weed. whites probation for killing a black child. whiteprivilege
 lmfao some guy just came in the shop and asked me if he buys wax  can he just smoke it out of his pookie
 but yet black men are spending years in prison behind marijuana   try and convince me that white privilege doesnt 
 half the people who looked down on me for smokin weed in high school be stuck on some other shit 
 here we go smh uva getting smoked.
 eye fell asleep while rolling a wood last night smh never smoked that bih
 virginia is getting smoked
 how does twitter feel about smoking marijuana during pregnancy im legit too scared  ik people that smoked their whole pregnancy..
 i smoked a blunt and went to get inampout and ate it while watching get out at the drive ins....i smoked another blunt lmaoooo
 yea cuz no one will smell the strong weed odor as long as the end of your joint is brown. thatll fool em 
 have you ever seen a deer smoke meth  its the cutest thing youve ever seen.
 officially on hiatus from weed  ill miss you my green blessing
 you know what twitter is just a lot today.. i havent smoked all day and im just stressed lol no coffee
 life is a cigarette you smoke to the end
 1937 marijuana tax act was the first to make it illegal. blacks and latinos have been incarcerated at dramatically higher rates since.
 havent smoked a cigarette in 4 days  its a start...
 @mccainenl they have a pledge drive every 3 months and geezers who still smoke 18th of weed in a sitting give generously.
 x was on some good weed  
 you know that ive got whisky with white lies and smoke in my lungs
 hate when people send me snaps selling weed ... idgaffff
 new snack alert the donut whole is proud to introduce willznuttz  candied  spiced and smoked 
 high hemp wraps are litt  never will i touch a swisher again.
 what kind of weed is this 
 im almost out of weed and im almost out of money.... my life is coming to an end.
 lmao truman smelled like weed and coco butter today
 loved it so much i did it twice | | the smoke duck chefs plate | baltimorecultured | thanks 
 the most dangerous thing about marijuana is getting caught w it 
 who wants to smoke hookah
 ive lost faith multiple times but never for my dreams to come true   so im on it till my bones break down like the weed in my  joints
 currently wishing i would have smoked before work 
 a half smoked cigarette still smoked and half broke heart still broke 
 facts rt @allyallfake me when i sold my first bag of weed 
 i hate the smell of weed maaaaan 
 @ziurisx smoke that good wax duh 
 ive never smoked in my room till this week and my mom hasnt even noticed.
 guys someone took my license while i was in school  smoked in chases car and stole the ehs car sticker anyone else
 the feds would smoke reggie  
 idk why people dont like us  smoke with us first.
 ive got 57 days to transform into a total smoke show for my birthday weekend in vegas. wish me luck 
 i hate when people are bad at buying weed  dead ass smh.
 felt so relax when i first smoked and out of controlled when i first got drunk 
 i literally hate that people smoke cigarettes. look dumbass  that shit has no upside. you effect everyone around you  too.
 by the end of april  i will never smoke a cigarette again. atleast i really really really hope so.
 she smoked them lmao 
 why do people think i smoke weed
 he smoked them lmao 
 this was me everyday this summer   they be like who was smoking weed on break  heart be racing thinking im caught 
 @becksnyc78 a crack pipe damn. all i saw was a bunch of people smoking weed
 they should. theyre good for the soul. n honestly y tf are u still smoking swishers... wasting weed 
 had a dream i almost got caught up with weed by the police and ion even smoke smh
 i hate when ppl half roll blunts   eating weed and shit 
 been on my bullshit where i only smoke half a cig and put it out
 patiently awaiting so what weekend  not so much for the festival  but for the copious amounts of bud ima smoke lmfao
 i wanna smoke amp get a portillos chocolate cake 
 @the305mvp probably smoke a bowl  do a kind deed or two  and have a breakfast burrito in the name of his dad. you know  a thursday.
 the last three years   built my alcohol tolerance to the sky  my weed tolerance to the sky and my toleration for dumbass people amp bs to 0
 i just leaned in to kiss smokey  then i remembered that she licks her asshole so i just went for a hug instead
 i need to smoke smh
 he raped a girl  and hes doing 3 years  there are people who are found smoking weed once  that are in jail longer 
 people who would rather smoke and sell weed for a living than applying for an actual job disgust me.
 since when is snoop dogg a role model for children dude probably smokes a pound a day lol 
 i hate riding with niggas that smoke cigarettes
 these weed men nowadays are so trash... its really ridiculous.
 is mfd smoking weed
 plant your cannabis seeds today freeadvicein5words durangoorganics 
 .@goodseedburger good seed is pioneering a burger hempire wtheir superfood paleo hemp patties eathemp 
 tropical passion from juicy jay  an all natural. 100 percent hemp wrap. 2 wraps per pack. 2ea 
 might smoke one otw to school tomorrow
 i fucking smoked 
 medical marijuana is one thing... people walking... driving around stoned is a whole different thing folks... 
 im so happy matt amp i stopped smoke cigarettes 
 camel turkish royals are the worst fucking cigarettes ive ever smoked
 i havent had a drink in probably 5 years  no sex in 2 and ive never smoked weed. like ever.
 420 is a lot like the movie get out. the pressure of smoking weed  the pressure of meeting your baes parents for the first time.
 youre a nun rt @brasilmiss i havent had a drink in probably 5 years  no sex in 2 and ive never smoked weed. like ever.
 i still havent finished swim in the smoke and i started it like 8 months ago what
 since when is weed bad for you like wtf.. 
 @keitholbermann @seanhannity  hannity really needs to quit working and smoke pot for about a year.  relax amp gain some perspective.
 the first smoke of the day is the best smoke of the day
 so i smoked a whole chicken for dinner...for two people   coorslightforscale 
 can only imagine the number of people killed by weed will be this year
 @berngiacomazzo and paul mccartney has never smoked pot either.
 havent smoked weed in 5 days. not feeling myself
 havent smoked in while i need me a blunt i b stressing to much.
 come visit me at luxehookahlounge today  25 all you can smoke   20hookah  hookah 818 
 vcu getting their ass smoked smh
 damn vcu getting smoked right now
 damn vcu getting smoked right now
 forgot where i put that half smoked blunt
 americas first cannabis cocktail mixer makes its splashy debut  via @liquor.com
 so it may be that bc an ancestor smoked  i might be ill hmm   cbctnot @cbcdocs
 ive never been so happy to smoke weed and eat tacos 
 i thinks its fucked up that some ppl think they really know u cuz theyve known about ur existence for a long time and smoked in the past
 @raniatx put tha cigarette out tho you too fine for those smoke weed instead
 that moment you start to realize you probably shouldnt have power smoked the whole joint by yourself
 i havent smoked all day 
 @christieariana bruh a whole damn smokes poutinerie and a pizza pizza  and subway n timmies  we went to the wrong school smh mistakes
 all i can say is wow. never smoked anything in my life with this much flavor... thank you @sfvdmofficial  
 @alanacruisexxx @nexxxtlevel wow smoken hot body sweetie
 @carlruiz my tx neighbors think im a commie bc i smoke round roasts instead of brisket. also bc i like hockey. but mostly my bbq
 i like to weed out the weak links. 
 i curse the day i started smoking weed.
 @alanacruisexxx wow smoken hot body sweetie
 bowls save weed but rillos omg. i swear i get higher and i love them x10 more. but the struggle i feel u  
 honestly think im such a moody ass bitch rn because i havent smoked allllll day
 everybody in the world here we go fill your body with the smoke and thats the way to go
 yall really out here believing marijuana is worse than hookah issa dummy
 my friend becky snorted marijuana at a party. she died instantly.  jeff sessions 
 ive legit only had one meal in 3 days and i never get hungry unless i smoke  but ive smoked too and still nothing 
 my family thinks im a disappointment but they havent smoked my blunts
 day 2 no smoke
 i dont smoke w any girls.  im still getting missed treated lmfao
 so me and sam decided to smoke 2 blunts
 wisdom teeth got yanked out  got a major anxiety attack  cant smoke  havent ate. and trying to to figure out how to infuse tea it too comp
 listening to sky ferreira reminds me of getting drunk at 13 for the first time and having strangers smoke me out for free
 i havent smoked in like 2 weeks
 one time @theunicornwizrd and i smoked an oz in 4 hours on the way to seattle to see wulf and almost died on the dr 
 we just smoke blunts all day
 people still smoke cigarettes
 my weaknesses cali weed amp dominican women. 
 @joeytaf he smokes swishers and black in milds but forgets to gut them and fill them with weed
 the magic getting smoked already in oakland...
 i was suppose to put the back wood out half way i smoked the whole thing 
 @richardkerris i am so glad you are enjoying my smoked seasonings  more recipes on 
 i just drank vanilla weed milk stay tuned
 our firefightersfirst responders deserve major kudos for the work theyre doing to contain this fire. smoke has gone down significantly.
 and by one time  i mean right now. @marriott doesnt seem to really care. security came up and said  yep  smells like cigarette smoke.
 porridge pots with chia seed fruit  pure and hemp hearts  vegan eatlikeyougiveafuck 
 woke up at 8  have work at 11  and im 4 slabs in  damn i smoke way too much wax man 
 hey dont smoke cigarettes u sickos takes a drag off my half lit cig
 havent smoked all day
 im sorry i will never ever smoke cigarettes
 telling my parents ive smoked weed before was probably the funniest conversation i have ever had 
 literally like 2 of japanese people have smoked weed  kanan is the 2
 its been a long ass day and i havent smoked today 
 its been approximately one week since ive last smoked and im itchin
 mari snuck back some weed from her time in america and got kanan stoned girls been high ever since
 idk why i just ate  im finna smoke
 lmao i smoked out of an orange  i hate myself
 im actually tryna smoke and vibe
 idk how ppl can smoke weed. everytime ive ever smoked i thought i was dying or having a heart atttack.
 @nausica21 weed  silver dye 
 but on a good note i think my parents are okay with me smoking weed 
 mom all of your children just smoked pot together are you proud
 bro ofn im still high asl and smoked bout a hour ago 
 i havent smoked these past few weeks bc of school. but finally tonight i could. and now i remember why i love this shit
 makes us wonder  hmm  heroin kills without prejudice  cannabis kills not a living thing. does dea need more reas 
 i meant smokey i hate myself 
 my apartment probably the most smoked out place out here  seriously smh
 i hate when people think its cool to smoke cigs in the middle of a party bc now i smell like ass just bc youre one
 tyler the creators view on weed and designer clothes is actually hella annoying.
 i just really need some weed and i accidentally smoked it all earlier 
 this guy in the bar just asked me three times do you smoke and im like no and hes like what about pills and im like no
 sams blunt 7.510. would smoke again.  910 for first time tho. only not 10 cuz i got me a s pony
 ive never done weed amp it scares me but this is hilarious 
 brined  smoked  sliced.....corned beef brisket from scratch..... happy st patricks day 
 i just smoked so much weed i feel like im tripping lmao
 i feel high but i havent smoked  uh
 i wanna smoke but i left all my wraps  woods  and etc at my other house 
 im smoke another bowl and watch deer hunter.
 today was too good zoo  movies  and went down town and smoke a bowl with a bunch of cool ass homeless people 
 no weed smh
 or just a dollar for every blunt ive smoked lmao...either way im cashing tf out 
 when youre just trying to smoke with @sophiekilroy but she hates you
 if people socially drank liquor like they socially smoke id have all the friends...
 cat almost killed me because i smoked a cig
 @pbcfr crews working fire inside the golf amp tennis village in wellington  flames and smoke from roof on arrival  wimbledon cmd
 that really was the livest smoke sesh ive been apart of lol
 ive never smoked crack...but i can imagine its like this 2x shot of expresso in my black coffee
 i find it so amusing that there are kids in their mid20s that are still smoking weed everyday doing nothing with themselves
 my brain is so tired i keep forgetting i smoked a cig 5 minutes ago
 went to my garage to smoke and found the bleeze that i lost 2 days ago by a box  wtf
 ampamp i dont believe ive been around that much smoke since i was very little. 
 up early.. but this is me when i smoke personals 
 i hate the smell of weed after im smoking
 snoopdogg what kinda weed is he smoking that fuels this violence in his new videos i thought he done chilled out cookin with martha wtf
 i never feel closer to a chick until i smoke that first blunt with her
  did weed lmfao 
 damn i wish i wouldve smoked before i left 
 its so many other things for people to smoke .. but yall wanna use smoking dicks as a phrase
 raleighfire five people treated and released for smoke inhalation  one minor injury  
 a weed lmfao 
 and a pound of weed of month lol thats all tho
 i will leave florida a lot of things. hungry aint one of them. @bonosbbq smoked turkey  
 i get so disgusted when people sit next to me smelling like smoke 
 ive noticed that people that smoke weed be more stressed when they dont have any 
 i love smoking weed...i hate advice
 went to smoke a black for the first time in like a year  took one hit of it and threw up. never hitting a black again
 i be a whole different person when i dont smoke
 should we think about sleep depravation the same way we do about smog or secondhand smoke learn more 
 @brianalvar nigga we chilled a month back i smoked a whole l while u watched me
 im in oakland where the weed at
 lil debbie smoke like a damn chimney im tryna link up with her 
 i would accidentally donate a cooler full of weed to a thrift store  too if it looked like its seen better days. 
 havent smoked yet  im gucci  blessings been hitting since i stopped lbs 
 my weed sell itself honestly 
 how tf did i smoke a quarter in one night
 my friends who suck at driving quick to say but your license was suspended lmao ya bcus marijuana is illegal in the state i was in.
 i shoulda smoked b4 work today lmao im wearing sun glasses inside and now were getting pizza day just keeps getting better
 gordos bbq is doing their ribs really well  but theyre going way too heavy on the salt. let the smoke amp meat spea 
 pressing me for weed  like you not smoking meth
 3 different groups of white people asked me where i can get weed aha
 i see more vapors than i ever did see smokers guess smoking wasnt cool enough for some people lmao
 @tombx7m @iowatrump i still think its funny the millenials call it weed like they did in the 60s. is grass cool again yet
 ugly teeth  no beardfacial hair  smokes cigarettes 
 oh shit i just remembered my tia is coming today and ima smoke her tf out
 to clarify  my tweets refer to courses themselves. humanities courses arent weedout courses. stem courses are designed to weedout people.
 white people always have the best weed 
 some people smoke die chill all on the same corner
 i really drove wo a license for an entire year n i only got pulled over once. i was lucky i hadnt smoked in my car or had any weed at all
 s05249 new enacts averyanas law provides a tax credit for the purchase and installation of certain smoke a... 
 because meatmatters check out this smoked brisket that we will shred  stew in mexican spices  turning into our bee 
 what is the deaaaaal lets link amp smokeeeee
 all i do is smoke cigarettes and hate myself
 well looks like we... drank everything in the entire world... and then we went out... and bought some crack and smoked it
 @ashleyjudd just watched smoke for the first time in a while.  whewww  still no words.  thanks
 how you never seen up in smoke before
 my voice sounds like ive smoked for 30 years 
 drinking a mole smoke by @surlybrewing at @surlybrewing   photo
 i  got issues.. weed and cognac with settle some
 raising the bar for cannabis culture....coming to malibu saturday. learn more details and how 
 @eddiedreamy pac smoked everyone is playiing in them the comp is harder tbh i think it should be counted as a gold
 getting to smoke to smoke break is something i havent done in so many months... i am cherishing this moment.
 i hate the smell of weed. hate it. hate it. hate it. hate it. hate it. hate it. hate it. hate it. hate it. hate it. hate it. hate it. ha...
 this is a really weird video series. a bunch of different people smoke weed together. feels like twitter 
 me when i open my grinder the next day and theres still a good amount of weed in there 
 tj kirk is that rare idiot who knows cannabis  knows the industry  supports the industry  yet voted trump  amp advised to vote trump.  x
 pecan smoked peaches w seared tuna @quinney23 @chefmathu @deadmancheffing @chefrobjohnson @chefcoryguyer @86hate 
 thought it meant that they made it smoke pot until it died. but they threw rocks at it either way  the people n 
 i accidentally just smoked a stem and it tasted so bad  no one warned me how bad that would taste. 
 @densonvondoom @ashleyjudd just watched smoke for first time in years  thanks for great memories dave thanks
 @sirpatstew one stone your drink the @010the huh oh you drink them i try smoke one in three weeks time i have enough for three stones wage
 havent smoked weed in a literal week which means all this foreign candy will prove itself useful tonite
 havent smoked hookah in like 2 weeks 
 oh  is basement fire the same as a smoke condition  theyre telling us its a smoke condition... 
 @rudejude not all irish drink. some of us love the weed happystpatricksday white dawg
 i be givin out free woods when i see a stranger w a swish  like a smoked out mother theresa
 its literally like 90 in the office and theyre making me wear my jacket bc it has weed leaves on it wtf
 i havent smoked in forever 
 why are you smoking in the elevator lmfao you cant wait two seconds and smoke outside
 had one and a half weeds
 hmmmm which one is next on my vape list thanks to pgvglabs coming soon to smokeoutofwater @ 
 i havent smoked a cig since january and im quite proud of myself 
 well since i cant drink nor smoke.... guess whos ready for some chocolate milk 
 i smoked weed in a ruby tuesday
 bitches who say this only smoked a blunt once amp never seen someone die of an overdose 
 i stopped smoking weed the day after i spent 30minutes looking for my phone under the bed... while using my phones flashlight.
 shout out to brandon for holding and lighting the bong so i could smoke while sitting out my window
 lol@the little girl who just intently watched me fill my weed pen 
 its been so long since we dun smoked 
 i kust smoked 10 pounds of weed and ive never felt more gr8. noe i no how kids these days r doing  haha
 just had a seizure at the super bowl  woke up in the fourth quarter still looking for the smoke rozay
 starting st patricks day off with a new batch of smoked apple and 
 i hate weed mans that take forever.
 if you tryna be a good dad dont advertise your weed and wax for sale on insta smh
 day 15 sitting in our weeds  
 shout out to all who participated in the alumni smoker event last night its people like you who help make ndcp a 
 first half marathon ever  gonna smoke this jawn ladylogic 
 fam i just spilled my weed baggie infront of a lot of people who arent supposed to know i smoke 
 if you smoke meth or shoot up  like you will not be apart of my life.
 i havent smoked in the loooongest
 i break up with my every weed man ive ever had lol  they be having me fucked up.
 why all these weed pages keep following me i dont even smoke 
 fridge sprung a leak. out of weed. back pain like i havent felt since my surgery 18 months ago. so i got that going for me. fridayfeeling
 when kaylas mom catches you smoking weed 
 the famed atlantic ave in delray.   @ smoke bbq 
 people who smoke in crowds are the actual worst
 first time my boy anders smoked i smoked him out hotboxed 4 blunts w him amp child locked the doors and windows
 aint smoked no weed in two weeks im doing good but right na i need a blunt 
 i havent smelled this much weed since edge fest
 i love smoking weed  i hate advice.
 frybread smoke out..
 maaaan i havent smoked like i do in a week and i just took a puff of that joint let me tell youuuu 
 honestly .. i just want to smoke 
 snoop smokes 81 blunts a day. given the average blunt is 1 gram the dude smokes literally a ton of weed each year 
 @taylorswift13 i went to lava today was around 65  beautiful day  still alive  two weeks weed free  a little edgy and damning everyone  .
 smoking weed every nightweekend isnt cute or cool at all.... its actually a major turn off and unattractive
 i love watching people smoke and seeing the lil habits they have
 @stephenkijak rvzs grave was a shrine for many years until his family had to move him. people went there to smoke amp drink.
 you know how i know im sick ... i havent smoked allday havent even thought bout it
 were getting smoked by the pelicans... sensei
 this weed is so loud dude lol.  i can smell it from my kitchen 30 feet away and i havent even smoked
 came home from spring break and found a pipe with weed in it sitting next to my dads chair. the times have changed in the leblanc household
 am i the only one amazed by how many people practically confessed on twitter today that they smoke an illegal drug
 i smoked too many shamrocks im die
 bruh all i wana do is smoke some weed 
 havent smoked hookah in a long time and let me tell you it has me feeling good lol 
 in the mood to smoke a cig in the house
 first day i havent smoked all spring break 
 this i can see. that week i spent in seattle amp portland showed me a whole different world of weed. its a  bi 
 yo i asked my mom if her and her lifelong best friend ever smoked weed together and she wouldnt answer so i called her friend up
 im tired of smoking weed. i do it for my depression  but ive smoked so many types of weed
 i hate being at home with no one to smoke with
 my hw for a three day weekend in 7th grade was to relax and have fun haha that weekend i got addicted to weed and its all mr hayes fault
 i just ate a weed chocolate so wish me luck
 just smoked a three and a half gram blunt amp im feeling extra lit
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 i think im loosing weight since i havent smoked in 5 months cause i used to eat a buffet everytime 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ 6th street  austin  tx 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 it gets under my skin so bad when i tell people im allergic to cigarette smoke amp they take it as a joke and still blow smoke towards me.
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 killer oatmeal stout. chocolate coffee fudge and slight smoke  drinking a dark star @ the woods  
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 havent smoked a blunt in a while
 holy shit. ive just discovered the marijuana paradox....
 bottle of henn x ate an edible x smoked a j before this flight not gone cap im feeling wavy
 some leftover smoke  i had set the stage on  down in miami performing 
 random lady  i dont like to smoke weed but when i do its just once ... or three times 
 i never get why people like this demonize weed.  this guy seems obsessed with this insane bias. insanity common thr 
 at least 3x a week  i get off work and smoke a blunt while i dance for twenty minutes in my living room. its the best way to end the day.
 have a wbc  adam jones. holy smokes. @simplyaj10 balling out for teamusa.
 i always look back on my tweets like wow what was i smoking but then i remember ive never smoked anything except air through a straw
 sipping on a smoked cherry manhattan over a crisp fire in napa is the perfect pregame to dinner. 
 mediterranean power salad. vegan . tri coloured quinoa and toasted hemp seeds with roasted 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine lilhines all over the place tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs 
 miami got smoked smh theyre trash as fuck for that smh fucked my whole bracket up
 so glad daredevils weed dealer finally got his own show....
 i havent smoked weed in months why am i so uncool
 i just smoked a backwoods by myself at midvale park smh
 tbh a gurl who smokes is a major turnoff
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 smoking some more weed but i think maybe only 30 percent of the people who want me dead are real
 holy shit i need to smoke rn i havent since wednesday and im dying
  there was a time when i refused to date niggas who smoke weed im glad i grew tf up
 @timothy724 i smoked three and almost died.. i dont know how you guys did that..
 havent drank or smoked in over a month and ill tell you what.... im lit
 im surprised  i havent smoked all day
 why the fuck havent i smoked in 3 days ...
 i probably couldve smoked at leeeast five times today and this day still wouldve sucked 
 just smoked a wood wit kupreme
 i havent smoked as much as i did today since bout 2 months ago
 i smoked a blunt in the first time in ten years im lit boi
 what were smoking meanie marijuana
 you have to smoke green  on the most greenest day of the year 
 when the weed man still havent pulled up  im pissed tf off now
 blunt bent weed wasted reggie smoked face tatted hair fried acne ridden fuck is you smiling for. you done blew 7 o 
 i wish everyone smoked  so they can see a different perception
 @soulomoe i hope you have fun moe  drank n smoke sum for me lol
 when the smoke clear will i still see you...
 got a wrap and didnt even end up having weed cool
 i need answers like is this weed and backwoods giving me cancer @beaniesigelsp
 where the drug dealers at i need weed
 i felt like i havent smoked with ash in sooo long omg
 56 times ive smoked in the past two weeks have been alone in my bathroom 
 finally time to smoke a blunt and relax 
 why do people smoke cigarettes 
 i was high and was like omg i can replace my nickname murrr w the mar in marijuana. then boom a boss ass bitch w 
 fucked around smoked a whole zip..
 @thatkevinsmith nowadays who do you think smokes more weed you or silent bob stupid question but one i think youd answer hilariously
 had this apartment smoked tf out
 reported structure fire @ 150 sanford av in hanont.  no visible smoke or flame on scene. units clearing  area. 
 cigarette smoke
 i havent smoked cigarettes since high school well girl we bouta get nasty af
 lol when your weed dealer wakes you up at 4am trying to send shout outs of what hes got. if you dont get tf on
 didnt smoke a cigarette today didnt even want one what a weird thing
 reported structure fire on mary st in hamont    no visible smoke or flame on arrival. crews did have hose deploye 
 this is the funniest smoke sesh ive ever had
 @currensyspitta is the nicest nigga with dat pen hands down smoke one jetlife 
 applying smoke to meat. what could be better  brisket yum 
 low and slow 12 hour smoke of 14 lbs of pork shoulder diablocharcoal smoking bbq hickory meat foodporn @diable 
 i never smoked 4 whole blunts to my self back to back and didnt get high
 weed amp liq ..   thats all. not even cigarettes. idk how people smoke weed then a cigarette right after.
 been awake for the past two hours thinkin i shouldve smoked weed for st. patricks day  its green and doesnt destroy my will to live
 police owner sold marijuana wax at brookfield garden shop 
 cant believe i ever smoked cigarettes omg i feel so foul eww
 banana  hemp seed  pancakes you can add chocolate chips or coconut instead for a less healthy 
 if she smokes woods its all good
 you aint never smoked that jet fuel
 day two. no weed.
 i only let people smoke out of my pipes or bongs if theyre clean i feel rude asf if theyre dirty 
 i havent smoked an extendo in over a year and a half i think lol.
 i really havent smoked since softball started 
 we still got people lying about smoking weed in 2017 p.
 i still like weed and i havent smoked in like 3 days  wtf
 one day im gonna conduct a study on the correlation between  of cigarettes smoked and amount of arctic monkeys music listened to per day
 since i cant smoke right now  ive taken to basically just following people around and asking then if i can smell their stash..
 genius idea for kettle smoker halo ... for the grand total of 2. bbqlife grillingchats grilled grilling 
 would you let your bby smoke when they are is born  people need to questioning their methods  
 aint smoke one day seem like it been 3 months lol
 long ride today. fueled by oatmeal  hemp seed  and chia seed. intraworkout is gatorade  water  and aminos. eatforperformance fitness
 its not that i have a problem with those who choose to smoke cigarettes  its how many cigarette breaks you take that makes me wonder. why
 we will be getting our smoker in two weeks cant wait
 why do you have 420 on ur username just cause you started smoking..  noo bishh had it before i even smoke its j 
 why so many breaks is that the same cigarette from before how many cigarettes do you have left why not walk and smoke instead of stand
 i havent smoke weed in bout two months my g
 where the weed chocolate @  
 my 12oz of weed and some wraps were sitting on the kitchen table  my mom sees and goes why did you bring cigars into my home  okmom
 aww i feel special .. i got 500 like i just love that ppl in the weed community show love then hate stonernation
 people were worried about malia obama smoking weed 12 months later were spending half a billion dollars to fund donald jrs sex tourism
 its a smoked wing and basketball kind of day. 
 its already 100 and im just now eating breakfast and i haven even smoked yet. wtf.
 someone flicked a whole ass lit ass cigarette yesterday and i picked it up and smoked it ive hit a new low we all die bye
 @lsuagcenter iberia cattle field day  60 producers amp a program on marketing shrink  ryegrass  weeds etc.
 lol mine to only time i used it was to page my weed dealer i dont smoke it anymore though lmao 
 thick mouthfeel  coffee and smoke. slinte  drinking a papa duke by @brinkbrewing at @brinkbrewing    photo
 since i havent smoked in like 3 or 4 days i havent enjoyed food
 after u smoke by yourself amp their still aint no one around 
 i hate when people dont know how to smoke amp still record themselves.. like wtf are you doing
 perfect amount of smoke. touch of sweetness  this is tas... smoked chocolate cherry stout  photo
 you smoked yourself retarded
 burn em duke silver american porter a light hint of smoke rounds out this porter burnem 
 i hate waiting on other people to smoke 
 dawg.... i gotta drive 20 minutes to get weed in a different town......
 on my aunty we smoked like 60 woods my dam lung hurt
 honestly i havent smoked a cig and i feel great but im still craving one
 i heard smoking causes acne is that smoking cigarettes or marijuana 
 people are really listening to lilpump and smokepurpp.  i could make the same type of music 1 000 times better.
 people that smoke cigarettes lt 
 dude at poker is smoking camels and i want a smoke so  so bad. been like 910 years since i quit.
 black people smoke weed as a crime and white people shoot up elementary schools just sit down lmao 
 people who smoke weed or any around their children just plain disrespectful.
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 @officialulisses @thegirlvio tf lol i smoked once yesterday
 when you wake up still high from a weed cookie the night before. ate another half of one for breakfast 
 i hate that you do drugs  smokes weed
 my grandmas weed smells like peanut butter
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 @tempobm ive never smoked in my life. prob never will.
 my mans called 2 different ppl tryna slide thru they crib to kill time amp smoke hookah.. mainly for the hookah lol
 havent ate or smoked in almost two days.
 @metheridge beautiful  another of your wonderful talents  i like planting herbs.  not the kind you smoke.  the 
 bitches these days got 3 middle aged sugar daddies  but still expect to get smoked up 
 first smoke break in a week 
 when niggas hate they send all kind of smoke
 a nigga smoked 22 savage otw to sxsw.
 i ve never smoked dawg my stress reliever is sex tbh
 i think i smoked too much this week lmao
 hows it my birthday and i havent smoked at all today not even a lil crack
 @captaintrees yeah dude we smoked one time w him
 @misskendrav   @jfleer actually used smoked paprika.
 the person who rolled it  smokes it first. 
 i hate people who say eww you smoke like yeahhhh bitch i smoke tf is the problem
 i just wanna have a smoke sesh with cool ass people. just vibin.
 i just accidentally smoked a blunt in front of small children
 people are smoking weed like cigarettes... hahaha so wild
 how you smoke cigarettes 
 on god i will never smoke a cigarette 
 @ratcheson @mariamilito @impossiblefoods @washingtonpost i think theres an enormous market for smoked meatless burgers.
 check out williesreserveofficial  we smoked all three joints down to the butts. you know what 
 side note i havent smoked in 2 days and my mood swings reflect it
 what a test of friendship weed did to @ylssainek and me 5 years ago. lol.
 ive been here over a half an hour  im ready for another smoke and drank.
 why is it that some people smoke cigarettes and you cant tell  but others smell like the smoke smell is coming from their pores 
 its a chill kind of day.....honey ganja and writing....have a magical day  
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 shout out to the attractions cm whos smoking marijuana in his vape pen. youre a brave man who laughs in the face of rules.
 all ive been able to eat all week is ramen bananas and yogurt cus im so nauseous most the time cus i quit weed finally lol
 also holy smokes @kongskullisland is quite possibly one of the greatest movies ive seen in a llooonnnnggg time.
 if she is that damn stupid then there is absolutely no hope for her. i guess she just smoked too much weed. 
 @rawstory smoke  fire  denial. just like the administration of hate  obfuscation  plunder and greed.
 i still think free smoke is the best one so far
 @waynefougere vaping will remove the odor of cannabis.  hope this helps.
 @hagoodmanauthor @aspirevm send her back to the woods  and that new do aint worth the time it took to weed whack it.
 hookah  coal and flavored smoke for 32 dollars copped 
 if my future husband doesnt smoke a blunt with me in the limo before the wedding  were literally not getting married.
 am i tripping or is that safaree at the end of free smoke lmao
 ive never smoked marijuana 
 lttenchigt jwzrd are you a pole smoker too  ltjwzrdgt tenchi why  you want your pole smoked 
 people out here on the street smoking meth  im just trying to smoke some weed  people on the streets of portland
 crews on scene investigating smell of smoke at superstore.
 fre smoke x drakegtgtgtgtgtgtgt
 we would roll 5 blunts smoke two on the way get to her house smoke another go get food amp then sit in her front yard and smoke two more
 morelife you still havent sold that wee yet smokey nigga is broke these days
 best job in the world just sit around amp smoke weed all day. i wish i had that. saul silver voice
 you do sit around amp smoke weed all day. thanks people of planet earth for reminding me that im better off on my own.
 i totally forgot how much people just smoke tf out of gilleys
 drinking a mole smoke by @surlybrewing at @surlybrewing  
 there is so much weed butter in katies house
 yall really smoke hookah smh
 today i cleaned my car amp i found 3 lighters  a nug of weed in a bag  4 half drank mango juice bottles amp a unopened pregnancy test
 you smoked out.. 
 i fucking hate hangovers.. this is why i smoke more.
 havent smoked all day and this blunt about to do justice .
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 drakes first new song free smoke is the best thing ive listened to in years.
 theres so many people smoking weed in here 
 family meal today corned beef and potato tacos raw cabbage | scrambled eggs | smoked cheddar | 
 was really hoping people wouldve left more weed at the crib last night 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 who got wraps and no weed
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 and im about to smoke like a damn freight train at this hookah bar. bye.
 havent smoked since june.
 so i accidentally gave my mom a bag of weed lol  
 started smokin weed i been geeked ever since
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 while i smoke this weed and relax
 free smoke about to get the world hip to hiatus kaiyote and i support that wave 100
 still looking for a intro harder than this free smoke  i seriously dont believe there is one out yet
 almost went in my car and smoked a blunt but 2nd st too hot rn smh
 @jaydillenbeckk tbh u smoke reggie
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 @goalietandem i mean smokey and yogi seem pretty nice
 leaving my parents house and theyre just casually like please take all ur weed and drugs with u 
 me when i first started smoking weed 
 @naeball  i got weed rossi and a pound cake 
 high hemp wraps gtgtgtgtgt
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 this year maybe the most oaky  cherry and smokey yet. sucks itl... chernyy medved 2016  photo
 did you say you havent smoked in 15 months no i said i just smoked 15 blunts
 ive never drank or smoked 
 i smoked meth by accident its okay i snorted meth by accident
 sum people like to smoke woods others jays 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo all music @ sxsw 
 ...amp no i never smoke cigarettes anymore but .. today
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 havent smoke a blunt in months shit starting to be dead
 so happy i havent smoked a cig in 2 years
 still tight fsu got smoked like that
 glad you enjoyed indeed an amazing smoke  
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 one thing i hate about living with smokers on the bottom floor is how my whole house smell like cigs multiple times a day
 20 damn near 30 minutes to the weed man ....  
 no smoke  no drink for a whole year... 21618 
 im just tryna smoke smh
 feigning for drinks  weed  etc 
 i love how the people who used to make fun of me for smoking bud  now smoke themselves. lmfao bitches
 @notarrowthomas i hate the beach unless cliffs are involved you can never smoke  the sand get in my hair and too many white people haha
 dont come around thinkin u gettin saved. just listen to the tape on someone good smoke  just check the date. chop chop
 getting smoked out. 
 ive smoked the whole time since i been out here 
 im in weed mode ama  get your answers while theyre hot  rare opportunity
 nmsu is literally paying me to go to college. my 1500 dollar refund is spent on strictly weed and alcohol
 manny smoked that ball too. wbc2017
 this is the longest ive been sober in over a year  lmfao im having weed withdrawals 
 lights. smoke. black skin.  2016 
 man like smoke dawg
 i think i smoked at least smoked 60 backwoods since ive been at sxsw .
 one think i do know is that i know a lot of smoked out people
 just smoked 5 cigarettes and threw up lol
 i need weed smh
 france band round up years ago and other countries are following suit  its a very poisonous dangerous weed killer 
 ive never smoked by myself before i feel lonely 
 i just smoked a whole black
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 sxsw hemphopmagazine tourlife music hiphop rnb artist djs promo @ sxsw 
 i cant smoke for three more days actually kill me
 gtjust took shower  is all nice and clean gthas urge to smoke cigarette right after 
 link up n smoke
 i havent smoked in a whilllle  amazing
 i hate when people smoke cigarettes at parties 
 before straight edge for life  drinking is bad  why do people smoke   after  
 lowkey havent smoked since that night and thats been about a month now 
 whos has weed in miami not coke. not x not molly dope
 @liamg2k15 @sasxsh4dowz @therazorededge @esportsgears @stdxjmotionz you can see those skins through smoke...they are still awesome but...
 stressed the fuck out  literally just smoked 3 cigarettes back to back.
 @robertsantellan @h3h3productions @hilakleinh3 rep vayp naysh is that some super secret small batch vape juice thats all i smoke organic
 havent smoked in 4 days and im fidgety as fuck  lordt help
 i shouldnt have smoked that cigarette in 1st grade man.... fucked my life up
 33 days since i smoked a cigarette  but 31 days since i seen my daughter.  suminaintright
 @geeeeebbs lmao its smoke memed out
 niggas never really wanted no smoke
 @magsdillags he can totally do it i had a few cheat cigarettes in between  but ive officially been smokefree for a year amp 4 months
 i havent smoked in 3 days amp im already having problems w my heart 
 i wonder if @idkjeffery smoked that boof gram i handed him at the ham show lmao
 @georgiabeee i wanted my friends to cremate me  and planted ashes with some ganja seeds and smoke me at my memorial
 and zero from holes smoked crystal meth halfway through and it was never brought up again.
 best bud ive ever smoked lol
 only asking this cause i know a few people thats done it before...   is it disrespectful to smoke out of a piece of bible paper
 one of my favorite pastimes is smoking weed and getting way too invested in the lives of strangers i find in the comments of facebook posts
 i havent smoked in a week 
 its been 2 weeks since i smoked
 ive been smoking on mexican weed for two days and im glad to get back on the cali kush tomorrow
 i havent smoked for a whole week ...
 wood no weed. 
 like if you are under 17 you probably shouldnt be doing heavy drugs and drinking  like i smoked weed and shit but honestly.
 free smoke drake ghost writer ate that mf 
 so next fiesse i woke up  and smoked out my basement bathroom  hotel style.then i aired it out the window  
 for my sugar daddy ..i left my weed in his white bomber last night
 also  so to drake for the hiatus kaiyote sample in free smoke
 @rainisgood ive only had one cup of coffee in my whole life. and ive never smoked a cigarette. oddly  i have done a bunch of cocaine.
 renewing my weed license 
 thinkbigsundaywithmarsha god placed adam and eve in a garden not a field of weeds remove negativity from your life 
 drizzy wyled tf out on free smoke
 i smoked blue cookies  a powerful sativa  two hours ago and thought it was granddaddy purple  an indica. i cant sleep. help.
 also i havent smoked a cigarette in a really long time. 
 ive had all my weed at vics house for the past two days 
 i havent smoked in so long lol i was so fried
 i used to smoke then go to bed and lay there thinking i was stuck high forever. i thought i smoked myself retarded lmao what
 been getting so high since i got the ok to smoke trying to drain all these memories
 mm chicken slider amp smoked chicken wcongee amp shitake.normally dont go for congee but the flavor was spot on 
 sunshinefire smoke visible from the superior cam  smoke in downtown boulder.  
 literally smoke a quarter and a pack of woods a day
 asiatic vegan cheez gritz w umami pepper. ponzu yam. hempseed pecan black mushroom patty w 
 some cig smokers dont realize that if their window is open all the way their ash will blow onto the person behind them 
 @rxryanm really bad  and brody probably had some smoke inhalation as he was the first on the scene.
 some people are like dandelions at first you think theyre a flower and then you realize theyre just a fucking weed.
 when the smoke clears .... wav  |  jdvisuals @ atlanta  georgia 
 ive spent way too much on food amp weed this year..... were only 3 months in smh
 people that smoke cigarettes are the most angry people in the world.
 @amandajtx @cnn ive not been evacuated  i live further into downtown. its pretty smokey outside  otherwise im fine.
 try our smoked chop today with dirt wolf double ipa 
 i never needed to smoke so bad in my life.
 tbh if i was to never smoke i wouldve been crashed out
 havent smoked yet going home now to handle that 
 ight so todays the day i quit smoking weed
 i do not smoke joes no more  its been since homecoming 
 free smoke thats the worst attempt at drake going hard ive ever heard
 the first 40 seconds of free smoke is so wack wtf
 that first time you hear free smoke on the aux and not just your headphones.  omg man
 lost da count of woods i smoked this weeknd  damn shame lol.
 im happy i got smoke with my daddy before he died
 free smoke in the whip..... good lord 
 wtfff i got drunk as hell and managed to smoke a whole half 
   @kadiddy i almost choked on my smoke  @ philadelphia  pennsylvania 
 lmfao wtf since when does he smoke 
 ive really mellowed out as a person since smoking weed. ampim not as concerned w what other people are doingampinstead focusing more on myself.
 love when people try the whole dont smoke because its illegal thing  like your underage drinking binges every weekend arent
 my mom just asked me if a gram of weed is more than an ounce.... what.... then proceeded to say well ive never sold or bought drugs 
 we smoked a full 28 grams in 2 days how lmao
 why do people still smoke poppers smh
 im bout to smoke another wood 
 celebrating easter with holy smoke rings.... imgoin2hell  jussayin sorrynotsorry thanksobama 
 you can be the finest guy ever but if you smoke cigarettes  you automatically ugly to me
 i smoked 2 woods of gas man im stuck 
 high steppin to free smoke for the next month
 this is the best week of the early 70s weed is so much better here in nowadays with the dispensaries and all but i 
 people still smoke cigarettes
 weekends at the mall  where everyone either smells like body odor or really cheap weed
 bruh we smoked so much this weekend my new lighter is out of juice lmao
 day 8 of 21 send weed
 wow man  i just smoked some pot stickers  
 someones smoking weed next to our hotel room amp its been stinking it up since last night tf is this
 h2383 new regarding the authority of the alcoholic beverages control commission over the business of marijuana ... 
 @regretaregrets yep. @seagoatcc. theyre really amazing high quality chocolate amp very little weed flavor.
 i think my dog ate some weed 
 i will stiff arm your face to the concrete if you ever blow cigarette smoke in my face
 havent smoked alone in a minute
 i havent smoked in 7 days. im so proud of myself
 finally listening to more life rn and two things... drake really went off on more smoke and passionfruit is a classic.
 bro this the first time i aint smoke tf out my hotel bathroom 
 @mightymitchell1 @gopin2020 @jessiejaneduff flag officers serve at behest of nca amp they know this weed out the guys who arent loyal .
 im tryna smoke a half today no bullshit
 very intense smoke and umami  almost like extract of smoked ham. lovely... bouchon 
 hate when weedmans dont answer
 i think i need a smoke break. i hate thinking.
 i need a cig immediately following every cats game amp i dont even smoke
 pisses me off seeing some people smoke in their car  with the windows up  and having kinds in the back seat.
 purple drank i still sip  purple weed blunt still lit 
 my moms friend came over and just gave me vegan weed chocolates im ....
 tminus 3 hours and 42 minutes until i can smoke the blunt ive been thinking about since i woke up 
 drinking trumpfs koolaid and smoking loco weed. trumpf care is not here yet. no wonder he loves the uneducated. 
 i havent been drunk or smoked in 3 days  my body feels amazing my mind is clear as fuck  time to mess it all up
 wow gregg marshall wife makes his short list a long list as far as uk goes. holy smokes. its march baby bbn
 i havent even smoked yet and cant stop thinking about how weird of a world we live in wtf simulation
 sorry  little billy. you dont get to eat bc your mom smoked some pot to cope w the fact she lost her job 
 also cigar smoke smells very bad why do people think otherwise
 people say they care about the environment  yet they smoke cigarettes and pollute nature and its many ecosystems.
 i hate when people smoke cigarettes around me
 @patrickfenelon @jzhoodie i honestly have no issue with this requirement.  i never needed to smoke pot to deal with work layoffs.
 i would lose my fucking weed as soon as i get it smh im so pissed
 hate how some people smoke hookah smh
 life feels really good for the first time in a year. i finally weeded out all the toxic energies
 idk how people can be content with smoking shitty weed all the time
 meth can be found easier than weed nowadays.. and people wonder why theres a drug problem
 woods make me sickbut aye ima still smoke it
 i just realized 420 is next month and its going to be my first 420 because last 420 i hadnt smoked i said 420 like 4 times already lol
 my patient accused me of smoking weed i nearly died laughing
 havent smoked today  i feel weird.
 people probably watch my stories and think we get it you smoke
 oh wow they really  really smoke here.
 i wish i had three hands  not for something cool  just so i can smoke and do the dishes at the same time
 @lindahusker26 suggested cauliflower crust pizza. damn amazing smoked chicken fetagoat cheese with pesto 
 ive been looking for weed for a good 4 hours
 should be illegal to smoke around other people
 finna smoke this wood on the pier x find me sumn to eat
 @shishter the very first one  free smoke
 when the weed man is playing himself smh in what world would i want less than an 8th 
 its been 4 weeks and my body is still sick. my cough is worse than a smokers. 
 bigmark is probably the oldest person i have ever smoked with.
 think my life changed for the better when i stopped smoking weed 
 just watched a woman smoke a cigarette and read a pregnancy test box at the same damn time.
 its sad guys like this actually still exist they deserve for me to smoke all their weed for being ignorant trifling fucks
 @rusticchicken romaine   ori sheets  hardboiled eggs  hemp seeds  sunflower seeds  almonds  acv  coconut amino acids and much more
 drake couldve gone harder on free smoke smh
 i smoked a dutch w dabs for the first time today n i stg this was me lmfao 
 my understanding of molly is it depletes your serotonin gland  right   bruh  i can do that by smoking weed  working out  and watching porn
 you aint never smoke that jet fuel
 i basically smoked a carton from lastnight alone 
 havent smoked a cig in a week  feel better than ever
 my eyes are so red right now i look like ive been smoking some weed
 guys. i did it. i got my grandma to smoke weed today. this is groundbreaking. she took one hit and ate a whole bag of chips.
 took me like two years to bounce back from that shit  weed is all i need
 my grandparents are so proud of me  its the first time in forever they havent smelled marijuana in my house for a month
 i hate the smell of marijuana 
 its 2017 and people still smoke hookah
 literally havent spent a dollar on weed all year 
 i smoke a half a week on average wow
 @xhnews @globaltimesnews  hahaha and chinese talking about descent you fucking chinese must have smoked something 
 i really havent smoked since september. dafuq
 hookah is a poor mans weed
 fire at 165 queen st s in hamont   was caused from smoke on the 12th floor. no one injured.   most likely cigarette blown down.
 went to jail on some weed charges last summer  but this summer im coming ten times harder.. summer17takeover
 i havent been to the gym since thursday and i cannot wait to be back tomorrow im getting an itch like a smoker in need of a cig itsbad
 @susansarandon still dying to know if you smoked all those cigarettes in the film
 i may have smoked a lil too many
 i havent smoked weed in like 2 years. but all my clothes smell like it 
 whos trying to get smoked out when i get out this bitch. only requirement is let me bitch about my day to you.
 ive smoked one blunt since friday whats going on 
 no  just dont smoke cigarettes thats a major turn off  
 @tatumidkk smokepurp
 we got finessed out our weed wow
 california the only place in the world where people smoke blunts like cigarettes lmao
 most people that take weed are educated
 @killalllupus  if that was true people would buy it by the kilo dea is a bunch of hard ass cops looken to bust people with a cannabis seeds
 nothing like finding some weed when you thought you had to reup
 just a couple weeks removed from cold smoke. snowdays arent over yet |  davidpowdersteele  
 if i die stoned  and choking on spoons of peanut butter please dont tell anyone i was high because anti weed people will make me a martyr
 i havent smoked allllllllll day folk 
 the joint i smoked yesterday with my cousin had wax in it and honestly  ive never been so high lmao
 i have never met a vegan who doesnt smoke weed
 i like getting high but i hate that i have to smoke sometimes just to sleep
 you know theres something off when you havent smoked all day
 im a raider klan killa....  ult nigga smoke all the purp extort the deal @achop2  
 chain smokercocoa butter kisses 
 havent smoked in 2 weeks as i have an ounce just chillin drying up 
 the only remotely non goody two shoes thing ive ever done is drank and smoked weed smh
 i havent smoked a swisher since ive been back home  all anybody smoke is woods lol
 ok but guys that smoke are fine af
 i hate when people smoke cigarettes by me
 hate when a guy catches your eye amp you peep they smoke cigarettes its a no no.
 really on day 3 of no weed. wow
 today make a year since smoke been gone  lls 
 they will be like four blocks away......probably how i would run there. watch out if i go smoke a cig ku 
 momma smoked w me. 
 since i cant smoke weed anymore ive turned into a big internet troll
 never to late to smoke a wood 
 inhaling abunch of wrap and no weed with that weak ass blunt 
 i havent smoked weed and cigs or talked to my guy in 3 days and ive had to stop myself from yelling @ everyone all day 
 placed was so damn smoked out my eyes started burning 
 i havent had sex in a week but i promise you guys  i am still cool. i even smoked pot twice this weekend still cool dont worry
 honestly... i would love to smoke with my parents and get everything out 
 i seen so many niggas rolling weed up at the bar in house of blues 
 when one of my friends tells me theyre gonna quit smoking weed 
 woah this weed is tripping me out
 now that i cant smoke or drink for an entire year. i realized i havent been this sober since high school.....
 i hate when people find out i smoke and they act so surprised
 why smoke fucking cigarettes
 sheesh i got that smoke cashcolddamnit  out for pretty woman  download | added by cashcolddamnit | audiomack 
 my stomach was killkng me so i took one single bong rip and i feel 100x better so weed
 @cnn  thinks they are news. they lost me 3 years ago when all they aired were marijuana specials in prime time fakenews
 @tonyposnanski @realdonaldtrump throws more smoke than a wood burner with a bad down draft
 smoking weed and smoking cigarettes is not the same thing 
 im sick of libertarians. theyre nothing more than conservatives who want to smoke weed.
 i smoked like 5 fucking cigarettes in one sitting yesterday and a black and mild tabacco is fucking addicting lmao dont smoke it ima stop
 i need some smoke and some chocolate milk before i can even think about stepping on campus.
 my grades is good   i aint drop tf out yet why tf cant i smoke no weed dude
 proud of myself lmao. smoked one wood amp declined the other blunt  i mean thats a start
 day 5 of the month long smoke break 
 wake up to this tropical storm and simply enjoy aai  banana  chia seeds  hemp protein  maca  
 she look so hood youd think shes been smoking since birth  instead of wasting weed  
 if you ever seen the show weeds you wouldve known this  
 massive homegrown marijuana operation across denver metro that produced hundreds of lbs of pot each month for dis 
 just now listening to more life   and this hiatus kaiyote sample on free smoke my god.
 she asked me do i smoke everyday  i started coughing
 alcoholics  heavy nicotine smokers  persistent diarrhea  long term antiboitic use  and performance athletes may nee 
 for someone that just drank and smoked this spring break  did pretty good in athletics 
 dolo at the juice bar weed spot 
 how has no one on thewalkingdead smoked a blunt yet
 when you tell one person to pull up and smoke and they come w other people 
 so boise hempfest is a real thing and its coming next month  
 saidee you took one out of a strangers mouth dropped it on the floor and then smoked it  
 @gibsongirl2000 i love hemp milk
 if i had a dollar for every time a white person asked me to find weed for them i might have enough money to buy weed for myself
 everyone that works in a warehouse smokes cigarettes
 i needa smoke a big joint today dawg
 dickoftheday guy who cut off a bunch of people stopped at a light then blew a cloud of vape smoke out the window.
 smh same bond as me for being caught with weed.... and i bet you bruh ass will do less time too 
 id be dead after one  i aint smoked in almost a year 
 not only did rsen. shortey get caught with a child prostitute  they were smoking weed. its always the ultraright 
 bruh ive been coughing up a lung the last few days cus im sick amp it makes it so much harder to get lit  im a smoker cant be having dis
 ooooo. i hadnt seen a photo yet with the lights reflecting off the smoke. so cool..... ocsc ilf 
 the most difficult choice im making so far today is to smoke out the bong or the bubbler.
 absolutely hate people that smell  smoke like cigarettes  . get away from me youre disgusting
 im alone in the office do you think my boss would be mad if i smoked a cigarette in here
 literally saved a bowl for the longest time to smoke in the morning and my friends took it and smoked it smh
 duke is so ass lol 1 recruiting class just to get smoked by some weird jits lol
 californication amp weeds 
 i barely ever smoke hookah  but when i do it just reminds me of why i shouldnt do it lol
 this hiatus kaiyote sample on free smoke is a great way to open an album 
 its crazy seeing people my age getting married having kids. while im over here a virgin smoking weed
 i ignore people who wake up with a bad attitude till theyve either eaten or smoked
 i havent smoked in a minute there.
 cocktail of the day rough love. highland park 12 yr  lemon juice amp cynar smokey meets sexy cocktails 
 people who smoke cigarettes are so fucking inconsiderate i swear theyll just blow that shit right in your face and not care
 need a cigarette amp havent smoked in over 4 years. im aggravated af
 since i live in california now im making a goal to smoke a blunt with @jeffreestar
 when youth focus on things they care about  theyre more likely to keep underage marijuana use from getting in thei 
 oprah used to smoke crack  shes been smoking blunts since day 1 
 hb3120 new relating to increasing awareness of the dangers of exposing children to secondhand smoke. 
 .@brandicbs21 speaking with @5leafremedies about their plans for a medical marijuana facility in downtown york. 
 dad ur sister says u smoke weed me i what i hate weeds  as a matter of fact i hate gardening  fuck plants in general.
 where is 5 pounds of weed only 500 dollars  
 every week we smoke  and talk hiphop and the tea around it  morelife dropped this week and 
 @animetoday holy props for putting in smoker that man is a fine fine piece
 im sure i got big smoke machines in my basement that could fix it like two years ago if needed. its like a 200 bu 
 bassnectar  12th  crizzly  ganja white night  liquid stranger.... 
 @veejforvendetta ive been thinking about this. discussing at length with friends. not kidding. i dunno ive never smoked the right stuff
 i havent smoked weed in 7 days yall...
 this reminds me of that nigga on here that ate like 4 weed brownies... have we heard from him yet  
 ive smoked 2 packs of cigarettes a day for like a week and a half because life sucks and i guess i want to die
 can already tell im going to hate the songs passionfruit and free smoke in about three weeks
 yall ive been smelling weed all day and i just found a damn roach in my pocket  
 senate ag committee walking through budget bill this afternoon  adding  for   hemp  palmer amaranth   conflict  minority farmers
 i hate when people have nice ass cars but smoke in them 
 if you smell smoke in calhoun or surrounding counties 
 if you smoke around children  first of all  fuck you.
 havent smoked in 3 days cuz i been sick as hell lol wild
 if im so homophobic then why did i live with a lesbian for half a year  buy weed off some gay dude and why do i lowkey like will amp grace
 hate weed with a passion .
 you smoke reggie 
 wow who wants to smoke some weed i do
 last year 20 people died during police raids where only marijuana was suspected to be found in the residence. zero people died from smoking.
 why do people smoke cigarettes 
 exactly one month away from weed day.
 @dailyhitman dude...i been getting smoked how have you been making out
 im tryna kill everybody then bc i aint ever gonna not be chain smoking lmfao weed aint legal yet  
 may or may not have driven 20 minutes to find where the smoke was coming from 
 me so one month from today is  mom weed day me ummm... i was gonna say sissys birthday but i guess that works to
 i smoked a backwood earlier and the sheets was right on the side of my bed im guh
 im smoking weed guys... am i cool yet
 i havent smoked in almost 15 years. not one.
 @kmnomt smoke it instead 
 rtpodcast gus in that weed bandana looks like the nicest drug dealer. 1010 would buy weed from.
 took down 8 tables today. thats roughly 160 pounds of cannabis.  abitchtide
 ive smoked every day for the past 8 days.i can already sense the effects on me
 i dont see how people dip or smoke cigarettes
 shoutout to the doctor who prescribed me medical marijuana. ive seen him 2x and we literally havent made eye contact
 who trying to smoke a wood with me right now ....
 i feel like ive listening to the same song since free smoke and im on song 8
 i havent smoked weed in 10 days and thats surprising
 @thekidmero n white men still cant jump by the way thanks smoked mad bud ran up the stairs caught a seizure not listening 2 nomoo lol 
 in the last 8 days ive smoked anywhere from 3740 grams 
 lmao it is but i aint buy it. i only smoke woods by choice 
 my mom cant get the smell of weed out my sweaters . today i caught this women chillin in the sofa just sniffing one of mine today
 theres nothing like smoking some weed after a long ass day from class and work. been up since 4am ready to ptfo
 the wood smoke downtown macon may be from a prescribed burn. thanks for the quick answer @gatrees  @wgxanews 
 those arent mine but i only got free smoke  no long talk  portland 
 @williamshatner if you could smoke a joint with anyone living who would it be
 havent even smoked yet  i should just quit
  shit ma daddy had my momma breaking up pounds on the kitchen table  the weed chose me i didnt choose the weed  lol
 i never smoked or been high before either
 where in the post did u read that i was vegan i aint a vegan weirdo  i just dont smoke tobacco 
 i hate girls who smoke 
 how to feel shitty about myself. watching people do crossfit while i drink two beers and watch another 2 smoke a cig and eat cheesy fries.
 i want to help support the people whove always supported me through my intense life thus far...only the pro cannabis ones
 never seen weed this blonde before... curious.
 i snapped my weed i just got from the club and hella people said since when do you buy weed  i literally only dab but it was a treat
 @myangel7777777 @donnabrazile @euractiv  looks like theres some fire in that smoke.
 sometimes dominican get out of line  how they going to smoke hookah in public bus 
 @rastasprincess too many coincidences surrounding us where there is smoke there is fire
 im 2.5 hours away from smoking weed for the first time in a week
 will will kins today is their birth dayim going to go dig around for another cigarette butt  put that in my pipe  and smoke it @walmart
 obama smoked cigarettes in college 
 i gotta stop smoking weed and going to the gym  ima die in there smh
 wicked weed  literally. this if fire tropical flames babay  drinking a topanga gulch @ rads pad   photo
 whats your addiction...is it money ...is it girls ...is it weed ive been a victim....of not one  not two  but all three
 high key wished westbrook would have smoked currys ass
 havent smoked in over 6 months... went to my hometown for 4 days and bought a pack. triggered
 i just need the weed honestly  
 i havent smoked in a week 
 southern got too many folks tryna be drug dealers. weed has never been that serious
 im still in disbelief of how much ive smoked today. a gram of purple haze
 @fumijapanese yes  apple cider and brown sugar mopped like bbq. while slow smoked 
 officially a full month and a half since i smoked weed. 2 more weeks to go
 my question is... if trump thinks no good people smoke weed...then why is his family in aspencuz they are all bad people due to his theory
 i wanna smoke   i havent in like month .
 i wanna smoke   i havent in like a month .
 holy smokes wbc2017
 so smoked out lolll
 all bay area bitches do is drink hennessey  smoke backwoods and think their makeup artist 
 all bay area bitches do is drink hennessey  smoke backwoods and think theyre makeup artist 
 um our neighbor just caught me and mik smoking weed and all i hope is they arent a snitch
 i didnt smoke any weed today but i havent slept since saturday night so im high af off of exhaustion rn
 prolly smoked three times a day too.
 when u have weed  but no blunts  devastating
 the fact that i have bud and havent smoked all day 
 crews on scene  reported dryer fire at 72 portstewart. no fire signs  smoke removal only . no injuries 
 tonights dinner a hardboiled egg  eaten in 2 bites free wine cigarette smoked while walking alone   downtown  for presumed selfdefense
 yes i am the kind of woman who hates hormonal birth control and smokes cigarettes but in my defense cigarettes have not yet hospitalized me
 pussy is my greatest vice i love smoking weed and i hate advice
 worked a double  back was killing me. took some vicodin  smoked a blunt amp im feelin right.  glad doing doubles is over w for now. 
 okay the people next door were having the biggest smoke sesh ive ever seen
 havent smoked a cig in a week 
 when people ask to smoke i be ready to smoke right then and there not in 20 minutes not in 30 minutes
 i wouldve smoked all that tf 
 of course the smoke blocked him from seeing nuku nuku fight  of course this bullshit has that. is it done yet nukunukudash
 ive been dreading class all day  i just want to smoke out and walk around downtown with some headphones on
 roe is so lifeless amp goes straight to sleep every time he smokes . i hate that shit
 the first day of spring is about planting new seeds and pulling weeds you must learn how to 
 a guy just smoked crack for us omg miami 
 why does oprahs wax figure look like oprah if she smoked crack 
 days like today make me understand why people smoke cigarettes
 ive smoked too much since last week lmao
 the dream is to some day smoke with my parents lol
 can we please throwback to junior year when i got caught hot boxing my room and convinced my mom i just smoked a cigarette great times
 lmao she tryna be seen and the bitch waisting the damn weed tf 
 also about the cigarette smoke thats been seeping in  its terrible.
 yadi molina amp javi baez  im just thankful 1 theyre not on the same mlb team amp 2 theyre both national league. smokes theyre good 
 yo it been 2 months since ive smoked weed
 need new friends mine never want to smoke lol
 i hate when guys dm me and their first question is do you smoke
 final cigarette smoked. now back to healthy living movingon cleanliving letthehackingbegin
 undeniable  scientific proof that marijuana should be legalized im very high and everything is still fine
 i havent eaten all day. all ive consumed is weed and alcohol. i
 i just told my parents i smoked for the first time......
 geez birth control only for hoes. and darts didnt even know people still smoked 
 @trevgib @hailschmailsss she didnt even roll it right. didnt know theres two different sides to a blunt...like one to light one to smoke
 i wanna smoke again  this would be like my 6th blunt of the day smh
 honestly i log off tumblr bc i seen some bitches w soccer balls in they ass only 2 get on here amp see some bitch smoke a cig out her pussy
 ive rolled a blunt  but never smoked one
 did nothing today  didnt read  barely are.. literally the worse day ever just smoked jacked off and lifted smh so ashamed
 @girlybap i havent smoked in 7 minutes. i rlly heard something
 remember that time when u just started smoking amp u thought u smoked k2 or some laced shit but it was actually just some dank ass weed
 this smoked meats pizza is so extra honestly lol
 free smoke amp summer sixteen are two of the most interchangeable songs ive ever heard. i still like both tho.
 ive stopped smoking weed for about 5 months now  and i plan on keeping it that way.
 @chelseahandler lay off the weed learn the following appropriations    reconciliation  checksandbalances 
 all this weed but no wraps 
 when you thought you had some bud hidden somewhere but you smoked all of it 
 no  half of these guys smoke with guys that eat ass so basically they all eat ass  
 i aint smoked all day today... thinking i might just quit. im trying to be someones wife one day 
 everybody in that restaurant is pussy. i wouldve smoked that man on sight. buggin. 
 good morning  foodforlife muffins   organic strawberries   cashew butter   chia and hemp 
 @davidsmithnj the more i learn about your firms role in njs medical marijuana debacle  the less i like you. 
 cant smoke for two days  sos.
 ive been through the stage where people at school talked about me or made up a rumor about me just bc i smoked or went to parties
 the florida house is hearing this years hemp bill hb 1217 today in committee. sensible steps. flcan
 dont listen to anyone that  ever smoked meth... i cant hear your logic at that point
 she loves cannabis  karaoke  pia coladas and rum..
 people who smoke cigarettes are actually nasty 
 when lip smokes cigs its like okay damn you deserve that cigarette. 
 dawg smoked with dude from work yesterday  gawddd
 woody harrelson quit smoking weed almost a year ago 
 curry wanted no smoke 
 i wish i had weed instead of wax right now
 i hate when people walk past me and smell like theyve just smoked 10 cigarettes. 
 ima make cherry smoke wit me one day
 if you still hate on weed up to this day you must be uninformed   and its usually the people who love to drink all day who hate on it 
 @raestimr battery fire risk same in cabin  but would be noticed sooner and presumably dealt with by crew. smokers in lavs a greater danger.
 someone smoke w me after school  i hate smoking alone 
 ive not taken any cannabis today  yet so the effects last awhile.
 lauren logic drinks healthy kale smoothie then smokes a cigarette
 10  off hookah 15 off glass 15 off vape juice come check out what we have here at smokers choice 10 a 
  more smokemirrors. yet  its unacceptable @karenhunter @cousinsyl @onetruechange blacktwitter @rolandsmartin
 im stuffing woods full of weed im not gonna use funnel lol niggas be rolling more funnel than weed
 i havent smoked in 40 hours. if you know me you know thats the longest i have gone in months.
 well of course  because weeds been around since before jesus was a fetus and it still has yet to kill anyone. 
 everything i smoked since denver til been some fire philly u take chances
 some peoples weeds are other peoples flowers
 .@senatorsessions .@potus  no one has ever died from cannabis but cannabis prohibition has killed many this insan 
 tint man tinted front 2 doors on this ram with llumar dyed atc 15 tint to match the factory smoked rear windows. 
 update ive been sick for 3 days and now my voice has gone from sick child to 137 pack a day smoker
 so im trying to smoke amp ana havent text me back bih still sleep.
 double you pleasure  double your fun  two bags of weed are better than one  stop in today and 
 smoking wax has me having to smoke two blunts in order to feel a little bit of a high 
 @abc look at all the marijuana on it  smh.
 check out our instagram page for the full image of this flavor wave @ social smoke 
 check out our instagram page for the full image of this flavor wave @ social smoke 
 check out our instagram page for the full image of this flavor wave @ social smoke 
 i get more satisfaction out of going at your head than seeing you all die  free smoke
 i get more satisfaction out of going at your head than seeing all of you die  free smoke
 i get luv out here man i dun sold coke on these streets man hash weed heroine as long as niggas is feeling it a nigg like me could hustle it
 been a week since i smoked im doing good
 blow out that smoke and relax
 jennifer stillwell  smokestack 1  2016  cupboard doors  epoxy resin  tin cans  w 17 x l 62 x 
 new song out now with @lofty305  lofty 305  get it awff prod dj smokey check it out right now link  
 havent smoked weed in a week in a half hope it outta my system soon been drinking water by the gallon 
 i almost went into the trash to find a roach i wanted to smoke so bad
 gonna smoke a cigarette and start my day.  ged boyz.
 i remember dude around the corner got smoked  the police seen me walk out my front door on my to school and still stopped me.
 lmao this really use to be me til i started smoking weed  
 first day i smoked and had left over panera 
 1 month from today may the weedlympics commence
 i havent eaten a meal all day  slurpees and smokes count as food right
 me and nadia just smoked way to damn much i just passed out in front of everyone at the nail saloon 
 das reggie moe  we dont smoke the brick. 
 but the way she smoked that cig so sexually 
 girls who smoke weed arent cute... theyre sexy af  
 i always smoke people out  im too damn nice ugh
 the fact that i smoke cigarettes grosses me out... but i like not hating people so
 hate when i host a smoke session amp the most disrespectful thing a nigga can do is waste gar guts or weed on my carpet. 
 earlier @viajecigarco friendsandfamily merci.  fine smoke indeed  nowsmoking 
 finally smoked with my momma 
 one of the rare days where i  actually wish i could smoke
 first day of class n i got smoked twice.. ma arms sore asf.
 its 2017 and people still smoke cigarettes
 its 2017 and people still smoke cigarettes
 sitting around smoking weed all day is corny
 cant remember the last time i smoked. wow so proud of myself
 no weed | what is life.
 i smoke cigarettes all the damn time and i never can find my lighter 
 @88keysnolocks both tbh  i rarely want to eat amp like i will still get really hungry but will get full in 1 or 2 bites  if i havent smoked
 hate having weed but no blunts
 @88keysnolocks yeah it does  its just so crazy like dang i cant even smash bc i havent smoked
 like  if you wanted people to know you smoke weed you could have bought some weed instead and smoked it.
 never appreciated what a badass i was in high school until i just tried to smoke a black menthol for the first time since senior yr
 a thread on the best ways to smoke cigarettes....
 i still dont know what started the creepy smoke in my room last year
 wish that was me cause i wouldve finessed and that nigga wouldve wanted me smoke a backwood with him after 
 under 40 and smoke smokingisgross 
 i havent smoked a blunt in a week. idk whether to be proud of myself or disappointed
 i had to stop smoking weed for about a week amp a half  cause i didnt know if my cough was from me being sick or just smoking to much dank
 i havent smoked weed in like 5 days and i just been in a bad mood lol
 i havent smoked any weed today. what the fuck
 everyones getting married and having babies  and we are just smoking weed in the car here
 out of weed smh
 i honestly hate nancy from weeds so damn much
 i need some weed in noho 
 after so many months  i can now smoke and relax in the car without having to drive lol
 you guys just popped the jeeps cherry. first joint smoked in itmy uber driver
 i hate seeing beautiful women smoke cigarettes... one of my biggest turnoffs.
 @hrhqueencamilla ...  ive been living off 10 dollars a day for 15 years...  some money would be nice... also is marijuana legal in europe
 why do people smoke cigarettes
 how to make the perfect cheeseburger  1 smoke weed 2 worship satan 3 
 i hate when fake ass drug ass dealers try to advertise they shitty ass weed to me like fuck out my face slim 
 i really found weed from like 3 years ago  lms if i should burn dat shit 
 new song out now with @lofty305  listen now lofty 305  get it awff prod dj smokey  link  
 i almost just fucking died rn  and there was nun i couldve done about it. sooo lets smoke a blunt in celebration that im still breathing
 @benedictevans you evidently never smoked
 on god im not gone smoke for two weeks 
 word less than a week shieeettt i can smoke a half in a night  
 if you get caught with weed in clarkston  you not going to jail . you only getting a 75 fine   we moving up kids 
 i havent ate.. i havent smoked .
 i can only smoke with certain people because i get so weird and awkward lmfao
 youre fucking discussing if you smoke cigarettes
 @djsmokey666 rt my tweet above if yu believe in kush aliens new song just dropped today dj smokey x lofty305 check it out rn positivesquad
 smoking weed and listening to songs from the 1950s amp 1960s
 girlll what i tell you about smoking weed 
 worth the hours and wait.  smoked meatloaf. hint of spice from blazin burger spice. glutenfree 
 @djsmokey666 rt my tweet above if yu believe in kush aliens new song just dropped today dj smokey x lofty305 check it outpositivesquad
 one month from today will be my last day at work for five weeks. holy smokes.
 day two of daytona  woke up feeling like corona and smoke
 pole  smoke  metallurgical id 
 people down here smoke jacks like its nothing 
 where there is smoke there is fire people. 
 @niilojames thats like saying cigarettes arent meant to be smoked
 @tuckercarlson its people like this guy who get people raped and killed we need to weed out people like this and make country better
 glad i wasnt smoking weed during that wyattorton segment. some things are not meant for that. sdlive
 havent smoked since yesterday. this is progress my friends.
 i havent smoked weed in about 2 days
 dark origins subtle peat smoke enjoyable lingering @highlandpark @beamsuntory yvr orkneys scotch 
 wininghourchat this @efeste 2008 ceidleigh syrah is teeth staining with notes of espresso  plums  smoked briske 
 if you cant feel the difference between two different kinds of weed  then youve probably been smoking some dirt a 
 wow just reconstituted my art practice out of this depression  thanks marijuana
 @cameroncanela cannabis chocolate 
 the people who claim that weed is worse than alcohol have clearly never seen an alcoholic. 
 damn its 840 ive been at smokey row for over 5 hours. lol.
 @adlandiapodcast deeper in the weeds then the first two  different flavor... either that or tpk motorists were unusually distracting 12
 havent smoked in two months 
 free smoke lol 100 000 in a nike box 5 percent will get u got lol  @ n. hollywood 
 @jamieparx after we explain we are  indeed  coming to her  i tell her i have a conflict amp going to napa in may. she went for the weed
 i havent smoked in 3 damn days  tf
 hate the smell of weed
 i need a weed iv in my arm
 3 hospitalized  1 serious w smoke inhalation amp burns. 1520 ppl will get red cross asst likely to stay at spring hill suites  more @wnyt
 no smoke amp mirrors  do you have raw talent like this  hiring clippers inc. barber shop. 78 
 just a random new york city idgaf moment on the a train. she smoked the whole cigarette and once 
 no smoke amp mirrors  do you have raw talent like this  hiring clippers inc. barber shop. 78 
 my first time high i dropped the weed and felt bad  so i ate it
 the irony that my weed man is a 50 year old white woman is not lost on me.  visitcalifornia
 i dont like smoking weed anymore. it hasnt been enjoyable for the past 2 years.
 i dont like smoking weed. it hasnt been enjoyable for the past 2 years.
 ive never been much of a smoker  but the gallaghers make smoking look really cool.
 dont get me wrong i miss the hell out of smoking  but being 6 months amp a week clean from weed amp seeing how its other peoples
 @charlesjkenny sure. will do. but may be better if you send me an email since this debate usually gets weedy  and im easily confused
 i wonder if its okay to smoke a cigarette to aid with digestion once in a while
 @toddbandana ive smoked with so many people who have done this
 so i probably shouldnt have took this benadryl and smoked this blunt.
 we literally dropped a blunt in the ocean today and it smoked just fine @mirandabeatley
 @iaintasiantho nah g i just dead had to relax and smoke a cig cause i really about to go 2011 on that one dude 
 mae how much weed have you smoked ellyse me i havent smoked any mae
 but why didnt i smoke tf out before this lmao
 ever since i started watching @onsomeshit all i want to do is start a brand and smoke woods
 im smoking on the best weed ive ever smoked on right now. this is not an exaggeration dopest dope ive ever smoked.
 personal smoke  never get high on youre on supply  @ central 
 here jim  smoke one  youre stressing me out wbc2017 
 so im tripping how i stuck my nug in my nails  skin  hair gummies jar like 2 weeks ago. now my gummies taste and smell like weed. 
 i forgot that ive had this weed brownie in my purse for like 2 weeks lol and now im so stoned i tripped down my stairs
 @crownthetiara ive actually sat in my car  smoked a few blunts and watched this all unfold. i was curious
 man i havent smoked any pot in awhile 
 lol. the guys on the 2nd floor have been getting smoked for 30 minutes now. 
 ive smoked soo much today
 i actually had a very productive day today. wow. i should smoke as a reward.
 i get more satisfaction out of goin at ya head and seein all of you die. and ive seen a lot of you die. free smoke.
 randomly stumbled upon the place where i smoked a cigarette for the first and only time.  nostalgia denver colorado
 i love smoking weed i hate advice
 i hate cigarette smoke with a passion
 the fuck kind of weed you smoke 
 and im smoking weed that its fucking up the ozone
 the weed be talking to me i stg
 it sucks seeing people tou care about try to act cool by smoking weed and getting drunk
 it sucks seeing people you care about try to act cool by smoking weed and getting drunk
 im 9 weeks can i smoke weed
 @rschooley 1 death from fire is smoke inhalation
 ive used and abused a lot of drugs but i smoked salvia today amp never again  shit was so sus
 dabber dab oilrig @ cherry smoke shop 
 havent smoked in like 3 days fr wow
 dabber dab wax waxallday waxdabbing wax wax @ cherry smoke shop 
 dabber waxallday waxdabbing twisterdabong @ cherry smoke shop 
 so it took me a year amp three months of living in la to find someone who sells weed. its bad out here 
 day day gt smokey
 just smoked some ogre dawg 
 i hate when smoke gets in my eyes
 @uhmax dawg i havent smoked a cig in 19 days and im still rockin some copd phlem kinda shit
 @sahhreena probably you havent smoked yet
 @spaceyacht whoever is playing tonight fucking sucks and probably smokes meth. can i get a refund
 @deirdreann0531  weed smoking  .
 organic raw vegan cuisine and cannabis infused tea delivered in minutes it is possible...
 we actually chilled n smoked. nice. 
 @elijahwitt bruh i just smoked crack with an alligator  florida is sick
 when people be on snap chat just flexing that they smoke lmao
 i dont see how people can smoke s at 6 in the morning ....
 @mythicalbellamy i smoked cigarettes that burned slower.
 havent smoked yet 
 a major fire in a rockland factory building generated a smoke plume so large it was being captured by weather radar 
 slow smoked center cut pork chops. currently 4.99 per lbs  butchelife  porkchops  meatmarket  clevelandbutcher 
 i think if  as soon as everyone woke up in the morning they took a shot of whiskey and smoked a cig... lotta problems would get solved
 its a beautiful day we smoke kush amp sip drank
 ult nigga  smoke all the purrp extort the dealer 
 i just smoked half a cig. im bouta faint.
 im tired of seeing people smoke weed on sc
 with the winds picking up the smoke is getting thicker. still very active scene in rockland. @patriotledger 
 people really be rushing to get outside and smoke them death sticks 
 i get more satisfaction outta goin at your head and seein all of you die and i seen a lot of you die    drake free smoke
 i needed to quit smoking anyway. its been like a month since i last smoked soooo um namjoon hmu 
 15 fucking dollars to sit here all damn day imma smoke that shit 
 i havent smoked weed in like 3 weeks and im ok...........but i want a lil joint lmao
 i rather smell weed on people then nasty ass cigarettes 
 this nigga came over my house blasting music  smoked in my room  used my shea butter as an ashtray and took my hennessy
 lighting a cigarette adds dangerous chemicals to a cigarette. learn  about the chemicals in cigarette smoke. 
 i spend  250 a week on weed.. i think imma stop smoking for a bit
 false. thousands of people die each minute from od on weed 
 im sick of my plug. i still havent smoked the white gold amp he just text me a new list. amp i want 3 of 4.
 tre  tremay  smokey  icetre  juice man  bihhhhhh 
 something about this miami weed boyyyy 
 happy wood wednesday to my fellow wood smokers
 good thing theres hemp  rice  oat  cashew  soy  almond  coconut  etc 
 happy wing wednesday  4 local craft drafts  1.50full smoked wing   and live music with craig thurston from 5. 
 new song out now with @lofty305  lofty 305  get it awff prod dj smokey link  
 the field is the world  and the good seed stands for the people of the kingdom. the weeds are the people  . . . 
 i love smoking weed  i hate advice
 havent even got morning smoke in yet
 i havent eaten  or smoked a blunt. what makes you people think i really wanna have a conversation
 still cant believe i only weigh 88 pounds. low key proud of myself for not gaining a shitload of weight smoking weed in hs 
 just convinced two ladies from florida that pittsburgh is not smokey anymore theyll be attending nceca2017 next year now winning 
 a girl gave me a cookie in classampafter i took a bite she tells me they have weed in them. never take cookies from strangers kids
 getting the weed smell outta my car this time was so much harder than the last
 just got smoked out for having a lighter aha
 new song out now x @lofty305  lofty 305  get it awff prod. by dj smokey link  
 remember the outburst of synthetic weed a couple years ago
 @ivydarealest i feel i used to do that my 8th grade to freshmen year but i od so didnt want to do that anymore instead i drank and smoked
 lost two weed containers in three days 
 why do so many people in the south smoke cigarettes 
 pasta fills you up fasta  rigatoni with pork rag  smoked pancetta and grilled portobello @tamarinamiami 
 ever since i started my break from smoking ive smelled weed legit everywhere.
 when people dont smoke sheets amp funnel
 i just bought cigarettes that i didnt need to meet the credit car minimum to buy a coffee to drink while i smoke a cigarette..
 support weed not cigarettes
 i really hate seeing people buying shorty ass weed 
 i hate seeing people buyin shitty ass weed man 
 riley wasnt always consistent and we still got smoked most of the time. i like him but we need more.  
 cant smoke off me i hate a leach
 free smoke is really summer sixteen with a different beat smh
 best rap albums ive heard since last year are dont smoke rock and ross latest shit.
 @kbartleywhio @whioradio @whiotv when i smoked nazi rule. since i quit amp now realize how potent second hand smoke is. save the children
 why is tesia smoking weed in her closet tho
 the entire time i was getting my tattoos my artist and i just talked about why ks should legalize weed
 that dorks gf is a smokebomb 
 i hate 290 swear i hate having to go down hempstead
 new song out now x @lofty305  lofty 305  get it awff prod. by dj smokey link  
 sitting in the hot tub smoking weed  and watching tv 
 new song out now x @lofty305  lofty 305  get it awff prod. by dj smokey link 
 day two of not being able to smoke cigs and im questioning everything
 new song out now x @lofty305  lofty 305  get it awff prod. by dj smokey link  
 to get 60 dollars or 80 dollars worth of weed 
 i wanna smoke a cig so bad right now but i havent smoked one since the 10th and i dont wanna break my streak 
 i need some ducking bud man i havent smoked in days
 we have 15 different flavored hemp wraps in stock right now hemp  
 my 13 year old brother smokes more cigarettes in a day than i do in a month smh
 opponents of marijuana make false futurelooking claims all the time that are not supported by the co  wa amp other data on teens  driving etc
 havent smoked all day 
 ive been sleeping on smoke sausages  they pretty good
 a half smoked cigarette is still smoked and a half broke heart is still broke
 peercrowds can help campaigns reach groups with tobacco disparities amp smokers in low risk groups.  dr. pam ling 2017nctoh
 i have the worst weed dealer ever
 debating if i wana smoke this pak in this non smoking room 
 the more likely you are to join somethinga club or afterschool programthe less likely you are to smoke. youthengagement 2017nctoh
 homemade hemp milk ftw ive been wanting to make my own nutseed milk for a while lactose is 
 homemade hemp milk ftw ive been wanting to make my own nutseed milk for a while lactose is 
 @chaseasaurus holy smokes. this year is 20 years since the shot the defining athletic moment of my life.
 ive never smoked one before sooo
 wood smoked meat dont mind if i do... farmersmarket atmdd miami @ miami design district 
 previous marijuana use will no longer hurt applicants in oakland  but some exceptions will still apply. 
 @heymalea the smoked ones
 2 more months until im sitting in an inner tube at the beach w a bucket of mango water ice  vodka getting hickory smoked 
 nassaus brush fire is still active  responders are battling additional spot fires  smokey conditions  avoid the 
 why are people saying you have to smoke first for this to be a date lol 
 its been 2 weeks i stopped smoking weed and drinking in all forms   thank you god for keeping 
 i be wishing i had friends to just hit up like smoke and they down and that be that
 pint of lean  pound of weed  and a kilo 
 i rolled a blunt 3 hours ago and still aint smoke it wtf
 its a nice day to actually smoke with someone 
 @historylvrsclub @juuuraaa27 misrepresenting picture of secretary in the 50s. in reality  not many women smoked in the 1950s.
 you vegan but you smoke cigarettes
 smoking weed for the first time b4 like 4pm in months rn
 cigarettes gt weed  and its not even close
 so like ... did ct legalize marijuana yet or is this gonna go on for another year
 sometimes i wish i drank. or still smoked.
 smoking a lot of weed and drinking a lot of coffee is a strange but energizing combination
 smoking a lot of weed and drinking a lot of coffee is a strange yet energizing combination
 would you believe me if i told you 20 years ago i smoked a pack of cigarettes a day  had 
 certain people so smoked out
 id rather smoke three 1 gram dutches with 3 people than smoke one 3 gram backwood between 3 people lmao idk
 no appetite for anything today. been eating this same cup of oatmeal since breakfast cause its the only thing that tastes good. and weed.
 .@obamaispres newsflash the people that smoke pot in your basement amp talk about the revolution dont constitute most of the country.
 and i hate when ppl weed be smoking like the fuck is tripping on the weed fa
 when i see spiders in my smoking area i just smoke them out so theyll eat more bugs. also im afraid to kill some of them  theyre huge.
 theres a weird flavour with this. almost like im sipping it ... brushfire smoked porter  photo
 @katyperry first no legendary lovers then you dont smoke whats next you never had the flu at the 2009 brits hmm
 if i had a cigarette i smoke it right now
 if i had a cigarette id smoke it right now
 i hate it so much when people smoke like it gets me my asthma every time and it sucks 
 bruh my parents think i smoke and i havent since december
 @kenniepowers smokes weed right eyelid completely fine left eyelid drags floor
 yall i havent smoked in a month amp 8 days......
 this is the dumbest picture ive ever seen  why smoke all that extra paper 
 i will never understand why tf weed is illegal but smoking cigarettes isnt.. 
 @carypigman i recreationally smoke pot. bite me
 smh i just went thru the most to get weed and get it rolled smh lmfao 
 i hate when im driving and i smell weed and i aint the one smoking lol jealous
 i knew i was different woman when i began to smoke swishers instead of white owls 
 how did i get an upper respiratory infection i only smoked 15 blunts in two days
 i knew i was different woman when i began to smoke out of swishers instead of white owls.
 cut many people off   im trynna grow and be a daisy . cant surround myself around weeds
 why do so many people smoke in miami annoying
 ever since my dad bought a smoker  he smokes literally everything he can find in the kitchen
 i remember randomly sitting my parents down in the living room and telling them i smoke  they was so chill about it lmao
 iget so sick of people talking down on people who smoke weed  
 weekly special sugar cane smoked garlic soy short rib glass noodles | house kimchi | soft 
 i am sitting here trying to study at starbucks and his 16 year old kid keeps sitting next to me and talking about strippers and weed
 i am sitting here trying to study at starbucks and this 16 year old kid keeps sitting next to me and talking about strippers and weed
 theres literally way too many people in this world i can never smoke in peace
 2nd course crispy confit duck wingsby @eldridgesk of @provision pgh w smoked tomato amp peach | soy caramel | sesa 
 2nd course crispy confit duck wingsby @eldridgesk of @provision pgh w smoked tomato amp peach | soy caramel | sesa 
 overdue for another fakecelebritysighting preeeetty sure sinead oconnors sitting at  end of smokers table at @epochcoffee. marry me
 in my household you have to ask if the brownies have weed in them first.
 worlds most smoked out podcast is back  so @tgramz1000 for coming through today 
 @papillonn you smoke  
 god damn dexter is such a great show. ive smoked probably two and a half ounces of pot watching this show
 still smoke. 
 sometimes a woman has to get a few years on her before she learns the hardy weed is a better choice than the narcissistic flower.
 knew smoke x smoke x smoke  meant fire  still kinda stunned by todays developments 
 lol super glad i only dated this guy briefly in high school  and even then it was only for his weed.   
 i just started thinking about the time me and @dejavud00 smoked a bowl with some random stranger in the woods at sequoia park 
 we at the roxy in denver colorado  come get smokey with the crew 
 cigarette smoke is pretty comforting
 @talkmaster i smoked a cig after
 worlds most smoked out podcast is back  so @tgramz1000 for coming through today 
 lol and i just smoked you 
 ive been so high all day not smoking cali weed for a week really makes you never wanna leave 
 when i first saw it i thought it was a tutorial on how to smoke from a cucumber 
 this dude got 15 days for rape. there are people in north philly who wait 15 days to be processed over a bag of weed 
 soooo....turns out im a square because ive never smoked oxy.
 honestly im just happy hes stopped smoking weed so much and is getting his jam on
 i get were outside but i hate when people smoke so close to large groups of people.
 layers and layers of alderwood smoke  cherry bark  toasted almond  ho... the abyss 2014  photo
 ups accidentally delivered 29 pounds of weed to the wrong person and they called the fucking cops 
 i reup just for josh since he can finally smoke w me
 i really just watched my 65 year old great aunt roll a joint and we smoked. lol. who wouldve thought. 
 my weed man had a different girl over this time amp i waved at her like she was the one he had been having over before... 
 wings w fire sauce @smokesrest1 ash basement  @ smoke the restaurant downtown 
 when weed becomes a priority of yours you need to quit it . amp thats what im finna do 
 confessions of a budtender teaching your parents about cannabis   link  weed cannabis 
 facts my dad asked me was a becoming a weed head the other day  i started to say you damn right 
 4 cannabisinfused snacks to fuel the mind and body on your next hike | written by @kelrosen edibles mmj   link 
 yo daddy only went to college to smoke weed and play dominos
 after i smoke i stg  
 didnt smoke all day today 
 ill meet smokepurp fat nick and more one day
 its mindblowing how many teenagers and young adults are smoking marijuana and think its okay.
 i havent smoked in two days  ewww
 havent smoked a wood in a min 
 how much weed do you think mike miller has smoked since hes been in denver  though
 thats why ive never tried smokin weed. cuz i already have thoughts like that..
 @briecsuncut i would be into drinks. you mentioned a smokey bar you liked once
 i havent smoked all day. go esh 
 id have better luck scoring weed in front of a police station in vegas smh
 never shouldve smoked and watched a scary movie
 today i made weed butter quesadillas. i think im a genius sometimes guys.
 i smoked weed like three times since i been in prison 
 lol i havent smoked in 4 days  if this is me sober  yall in for a fucking ride
 i havent smoked 1 blunt all day.
 i luv seeing people i hung out with in hs who didnt smoke back then  smoking now in college like lol i told you that shit was lit
 @fastlanetaddx i havent smoked since oct
 eat one apple instead smoke one marijuana cigarette its the new tendency right now
 looking to rent a beach house w friends this summer amp i havent smoked weed in like 4 years  but damn if its compl 
 i smoked all day lol
 at the least ill smoke a half on a bad day
 is smoking weed decadent
 damn you marijuana 
 i hate when people asked me if if im high after we just smoked  like yes bitch im high  i just smoked 
 i smoked weed for the first time since december and ate a whole pint of ben and jerrys chunky monkey
 caught a blooper on @thepathonhulu theyre all vegans but theres a smoker bbq on the back porch.  smokedvegetablesaretheworst
 havent smoked all week 
 || | smoke crack   | | every day.         | || ||   ||    
 im not a weed advocate or anything but i find it interesting that 13 000 people died from prescription meds and 0 died from weed in 2016
 jim leyland needs a smoke... worldbaseballclassic wbc2017 usa mlb
 i quit cigs a long time ago. but every time i drink i have to smoke smh 
 its been a few months and all we do is send weed memes and encourage one another in life. its so beautiful. 
 im trynna smoke w my right and scroll w my left but my damn arm hurt  i scraped it
 twitterafterdark nutmilkoclock goldenlikwit turmeric. crunchy sunflower amp sesame butter. molasses. coconut oil. almond milk. hemp lt3s
 i hate eating after i smoke  my high be gone so fast.  
 popped a xanny and smoked 8 blunts... im dead
 @lizzylovebabyy no one smoked a cigarette lizzy
 i smoked smoked some endo and sipped some gin and juice. pasttensesongs @midnight
 this what happen when i dont smoke in two days
 smoking weed makes me more outgoing honestly
 bro its crazy to think i havent smoked in almost a month and drank in like 3 healthy mind  body  soul
 and on this day my fat ass smoked weed for the second time ever and i didnt stop smoking for dam near 3 years 
 people really smoke out the same water  
 80 too smh yall got smoked
 just in states with legal weed people still smoke in states where its illegal  people been smoking for decades. 
 @slikkric  time to smoke
 went to sv to get smoked out over 10g worth of wildness today. im toasted
 i just smoked a cig and got cancer
 ive been trying to get weed for two fucking days  can someone please help me 
 why do people smoke hookah  like 
 sugar daddies hate when you smoke weed 
 half of madera smokers 
 i smoked weed one time and now im addicted tocewting drywall. 
 i smoked weed one time and now im addicted to eating drywall.
 rolled right down the street smoked that indou sipped my gin and juice @midnight pasttensesongs 
 actually multiple people have died from smoking weed but thats because the government poisoned them  
 liartraitorthug  impeachtrump  axeahca  resist gorsuch  damn is it really all a done deal all that smoke...   
 @smokefrmdabluff bruh theres 3 of them going in on him and they have nothing to do with it neither tf foh smoke
 why tf have you been smoking weed your whole life... 
 why would i smoke before school  im about to be knocked tf out
 harrisburg only giving 75 fine for possession of marijuana. 100 fine if caught smoking. step in the right direction
 aye its been 2 weeks since i last smoked. proud of myself 
 meanwhile we still getting weed passion in va i hate america 
 cigarette smokers get under my skin 
 no thats not a double take we just doubled a batch of our popular hemp protein bites stop and 
 ive cried so much this morning i look like i smoked 10 blunts
 crying i wouldve smoked you @peachespetty 
 i was 14 smoked a blunt laced with shenanigans and stopped smoking for like 3 months 
 when you wake up and realize all your bud is gone. you smoked it. it was a lot of bud. thats bud.
 wow i smoke so much that my highness only be lasting like 20 min 
 i hate the i smoke 100 blunts but i wont touch cigarettes kids lol
 there goes miami music week. ima smoke myself into a coma now
 7 months no weed 
 id never smoke with her dawg. wtf. 
 @thephillyvoice people cannot give up their soda just like smokers who cannot quit smoking
 i would never smoke
 i feel like people who smoke cigarettes have interesting lives...
 theyre just so yum strawberry lemon  sprinkles  smoked sausage cheddar  blueberry mini pans 
 smoking that weed smoking that fiyaa
 where there is smoke there is fire...  where there is donald there is dossier golden shower...
 this dude got the best reggie i ever smoked
 niggas nowadays really have no type of grind. they can sleep  eat  smoke and shit all day but never think about making a dollar. smh 
 i havent smoked cigs in over 24 hours i am wonder woman
 ive been back in illinois for approximately 1 hour and i already want to smoke like 4 bowls
 so i smoked like a whole pack of woods before 11am smh but hear me out though i wrote a banger  lol .
 i hate smoking weed
 niggas sayin they be smokin  they be actin  cause you aint yet really smoked unless you smoked one with the captain
 i used frozen mangos and peaches  ripe bananas  and of course chia and hemp seeds  fuel your body with  
 since sumer dont smoke no more  do know if were going to link any time soon 
 havent smoked all day 
 why do people look so down upon marijuana  but dwis are seen as something that happens to a lot of people
 ive never smoked is it really that serious 
 when yo friend said theyve smoked before but they actin a lil strange 
 when did blow get on the same level as weed people are doing lines of coke casually on random tuesday nights now lol
 mack 11 smoke ya baby daddy like a hookah
 i havent smoked in a minnn
 i almost just ate my moms weed brownie wtf wtf wtf
 i hurd yo baby daddy smokes winstons  and but .3 nicks
 the fact that g smokes wood now 
 i remember like 4 years ago i used to hide my weed in a little mermaid vhs lmao
 i needa smoke before i curse somebody out today is nottttt the day i stg
 been doing work non stop since i woke up. so its time for a smoke break 
 are there any chocolate inclusions that help reduce perception of astringency salt  smoke  fruit @eagranieyuh @karinechoco
 thatd be hella cool if you smoked your meth outside and not in the bathroom
 its marijuana...... not meth 
 i am proof that medical marijuana can help save people so why is it still illegal in so many statesrise up against 
 @whiskeyngingers @enterstandman smoke  dummy.
 there are still some hot spots on properties  where we can see flames and smoke. 
 it took me a month and a half too get clean   we smoked a lot of weed
 @attn @billmaher alcohol kills people far more than marijuana.  police need to step back.  legalize now......
 i havent smoked weed in 2 days and i feel like i have super powers. i dont want to ever loose this feeling. my hard weed lines may vanish.
 the lord law almighty will now rule with smokefree jesus 
 i remember reading an article about how people quitting marijuana become cranky and irritable kinda like anything u quit but okay
 lmao people are smoking weed everywhere down here.
 the fact that my dads okay with the idea of me smoking weed.. hes so understanding
 hb2845 new relating to increasing awareness of the dangers of exposing children to secondhand smoke. 
 after seeing all these people at the hospital with cancer   i will never smoke a cigarette ever again.
 if you smoke weed at 420 you actually become weed
 your mcm asked you to smoke and only fired up one blunt smh
 we just got smoked out by a random 50 year old cuban dude in miami lmao lit
 reggie smoker
 i smoked a cigarette today and its all your fault
 never thought id be masking the cigarette smell w weed instead of the other way around
 @daniellionare @kevinsilvio smh i feel bad for anyone that would want to smoke that
 full house @sunrisebanks got smoked by @surlybrewing but thanks for the free beer. matterboxmadness  @matterngo 
 full house @sunrisebanks got smoked by @surlybrewing but thanks for the free beer. matterboxmadness  @matterngo 
 speaking of high. i havent smoked in months  this is gonna be fun  
 lmao just told my mom i never stopped smoking weed
 @shamg0d exactly idk what he smoked before he came on twitter but... he shouldnt have
 trying something new my first attempt at smoked almonds. garlichabanero seasoning applied  and 
 fresh school and people already smoking weed in it norton
 if you smoke cigarettes  kill yourself... faster.
 how easy is it for your teen to get marijuana just how likely are they to use it the answers tonight on q13fox at 4amp5pm.
 i just need to smoke a blunt and relax
 my grandpa once told me if you only smoke half the cigarette its not as bad for you  when i was 11 
 i remember me at eighteen naked in your parents basement  young and careless watching you blow smoke rings
 willhustletv    snoopdogg tells us the first person he ever smoked a blunt with in nardwuar 
 holy smokes this is awesome. on multiple different levels lol 
 emily amp i smoked  ate  then passed out
 no matter how many cigarettes i smoke i never get anything done.
 statistically  middleaged parents are now more likely to smoke weed than their teenage children. cannabis marijuana
 if you smoke cigarettes  you just better eat ass.
 @lostboy2002 i smoked 3 packets of meth before i took these
 i havent smoked in sooooooo long
 ruby da cherry if smoking weed gets you high then why not go down on a bitch when shes rolling the pine  me push 
 might smoke my first blunt of the day in pretty lady 2 for the first time taking a long drive ...
 this nigga smell like coco butter n weed 
 i havent smoked in about 3 months 
 crews are on scene of a house fire on 12th  near monterey. heavy smoke and flames are coming from the home. @kq2 
 @senmarkwarner ever increasing amounts of smoke russiagate impeachtrump stopgorsuch resisttrumpcare
 its been 2 weeks since i stopped smoking and honestly what even is marijuana bc i cant remember
 finna smoke a good wood
 niggas aint smoked a blunt in 3 days smh
 havent smoked in forever 
 tried a smoke effect from a technique i seen the other day  
 pokemon go  pokemon go after injecting 4 lethal doses of marijuanas 
 fire at 1600 east ave. visible smoke coming out of the building. multiple crews on scene. @news8 
 i  h a t e cigarettes smokers... like how tf can you let that shit touch your lips.. omg
 todays been a month that i havent smoked and holy fuck i feel so much healthier and noticed how much more money i have
 @iwontlikethis love your smokey and the bandit header. where did you find it ive seen it on tv but not the original one  was only 5 then
 i hate when people tell me i smoke more than themlike okay dangg
 may you blow them away like smoke as wax melts before the fire  may the wicked perish before god. 
 one thing i will never understand is why people smoke cigarettes in their vehicles. literally that smell never go away 
 i havent ate or smoked since sunday  bad amp good
 havent smoked in almost a month. just cuz. its so interesting how i process things differently.. not negative or positive  just different.
 no smoke amp mirrors  do you have raw talent like this  hiring clippers inc. barber shop. 78 
 ive never smoked but i feel like i could smoke an entire pack of cigarettes right now
 i simply cannot fathom not smoking marijuana for the next year n a half.............like im a dreaming
 i went outside to find duct tape  but i end up finding weed
 i have smoked crack for twenty years beat that pussy
 you claims to be vegan but chain smokes cigarettes all day  me 
 today was third time deputies caught people trying to burglarize home in pw where illegal marijuana grow found. see  
 lucy invites judy to their vegetable garden. judy realizes its just a bunch of weed. lucy explains that its devils lettuce.
 guess this is just what i want to do. keeping half smoked smokes and sing to half filled rooms.
 why do people feel the need to post them self smoking everytime they smoke on snapchat
 this weed pen is so clutch.
 this the first week i havent smoked in almost a yr im gonna die
 havent smoked all afternoon
 damn near aint smoked in a week smh
 should i smoke my first cigarette
 i hate the smell of weed so much
 i havent smoked in sooooo so long dawg
 on another good note its been 1 month amp 1 week i have not smoked  amp staying strong with that.
 woah and now im blowin hella smoke
 damn she smokes both 
 havent smoked all day and rlly dont wanna
 never smoked so never got high 
 smack him in his face and then im blowin smoke into it
 ever smoked a blunt and not got smacked and then rolled another one and then felt it  i hate those types of weeds
 some people drink. some people smoke. i eat. a lot. we all have our addictions ok 
 that moment when you learn that one of best friends since freshman year smokes  i know what we doing next time i go to houston
 steve kerr admitted he smoked weed and got away with it lol
 all serves smoke cigarettes. facts. 
 chemtrails are smoke from airplane throw smoke so you can breath it in your body  then flu shot   kills you very slow  new branch govt
 dude i havent smoke since january i feel accomplished
 people that smoke cigs in their house are a cig
 almost got smoked by the fucking 25
 bryan amp i smoked last night and havent seen bryans phone since  and we went to walk around and found it sitting on someone ac in the complex
 also i find it v weird that i havent smoked weed since i moved to the land of weed  wtf
 ive probably smoked about 12 blunts today
 all i smoke is fat ass woods i stg
 well sneak back 2 illegal people and a cheaper pound of reefer
 ik my momma smell the weed on me 
 i havent smoked in 2 weeks  im basically like michael phelps
 benadryl goes pretty good with weed.
 marii is smoking weed on live what is going onnn now 
 @natbriggs22 yah like 5 months ago and its awesome dude i love it  and summer is a good time to come because you can hike n smoke
 unless youre bae or the weed man im likely never texting first. its just a fact.
 oh yeah i only smoke organic vegan hemp wraps now.
 @gullsong smoke this pole
 smh im so irritable without weed
 ...and a pint of lean  a pound of weed  and a kilooo 
 brruuuhhh dre dennis really choked and got smoked by nick cannon on live tv smh
 i love my neighbors i come home after a long trip in mexico to have two lemons and a quarter of weed tied to my door knob
 i havent smoked in so long
 @myriyum i hate cigarette smoke
 @zackweinstein incomplete analysis by left wing newspaper basically opining. where theres smoke theres fire. fps sampling is incomplete
 people really forgot that drake never responded to kendrick after kendrick smoked him twice or do yall have short term memory
 so glad my smoke alarm randomly went off. not like i was trying to sleep or anything. flashbacks to living in ut as a freshman
 @christian13114 i havent smoked since that one time together 
 altogether i damn near spent 400 dollars just on weed this semester
 laid down to bed started thinking then had to smoke a cigarette. fuck
 getting asked to smoke meth with @whitephial by a homeless miss like 
 binge smoking hookah since i cant smoke
 @gencyclopediax yeo its honestly such a long story but i smoke like ohdeeeeee since like 18 and idk for a minute in january i felt like
 i hate people that smoke .. 
 @piecrust33 ...thing i learned is that a lot of the people for it are only thinking of themselves.  my dad smoked  and i hated second...
 i used to like fidlar whyd you stop i stopped smoking weed
  when u just smoked and 5 minutes passes  
 @lcspromotions next time g  i said fuck it and hopped in bed. lets smoke one manana
 415 am amp im about to smoke a cigarette smh
 im sitting in my room thinking about how my car probably smells like weed by also i dont remember
 i hate pollen. i have a smokers cough and ive never smoked. 
 and smoke cigarettes  
 wishing i could smoke weed 
 even after 2pm do not speak to me unless ive smoked a cigarette  dont come to me unless ive call for you.
 @piecrust33 ...already there but for children 18 and under.  she was fine with it as she grew up around secondhand smoke.  
 if moses can part the sea with his two hands i can get through a week without marijuana
 i havent even smoked 
 i havent heard anyone say smoking weed is like getting high on life in a minute 
 @piecrust33 ...the norm for me when i was young.  as far as i know my lungs are fine.  i think most parents who do smoke wish they didnt...
 how do people smoke 
 prof one hour of hooka is equal to 100 cigarettes   student thats why you should smoke weed instead  familyrelations
 cant smoke no rillo im different
 i smoked a wood  a blunt and a joint around like 8pm and i swear im still high
 how are you 14 weeks pregnant but are okay with smoking weed every day on snapchat 
 when you thought real army wont like basic but you still getting smoked 
 skipped class to sleep in and they started weed eating right outside my window 
 hailey is around so many people that smoke she just thinks that something you do when you grow up and it bothers me.
 i ate half a weed cookie in medical terminology the other day everything felt like the prehibernation week episode of spongebob
 im convinced my nerves were more relaxed when i smoked a pound every week but then again thats not good for me... what do i do 
 fuck weed 2017 we smoking garbage 
 rep is crack worst than marijuana  leonhart uh. i believe all are ...stutters umm   dea leonhart is a joke.
 @jonnygarriga i think if i ate as many donuts in the last 6 years as ive smoked heaters  i would have diabetes. so no.
 @ogona itll probably still be going on by then the smoke never stop my baby 
 we the worlds most smoked out podcast 416 welovehiphop  we deal with the hiphop tea  
 we the worlds most smoked out podcast 416 welovehiphop  we deal with the hiphop tea  
 @nickfartley idk dog ive never hit the weed n wondered if their would ever be a cheese shortage n we could never eat pizza again 
 selling weed makes you 10x more attractive
 so everyone wanted to smoke me out when i got home but once i was home nobody hit me up. a bunch of fakes smh
 took me..to learn that weed was better for me than opiatepirogunda 
 took me..to learn that weed was better for me than opiatepirogunda 
 when comfort foods collide  you get todays pitmasters choice smoked bbq meatloaf. come see us at shell starting 
 happy 6 years since i smoked weed  
 i hate people who smoke 
 dyed they shit to get smoked  
 @markmontieth simmons actually links to your 1on1 with him  referencing how he would smoke cigarettes at halftime 
 i hate smoke breath 
 all us nonbelievers should get together on easter and smoke tons of refer
 @ideasinfood smoked ones
 explorer  llumar ceramic ctx 30 on the front doors amp ctx 50 on top of factory smoked rear windows to make them 15. 
 @dameesco that is like smokers that keep half smoked stogies on them and just stank poor you 
 happyfriday from your friends at @broadwaycigar what is your friday smoke of choice  
 h3188 new to further regulate the legalization of marijuana in the commonwealth 
  my aunt just commented on my weed post
 @washingtonpost synthetic marijuana is closer to meth than marijuana  look up spice ukspiceaddicts
 i went from smoking the most fire weed in the us to smoking the worst
 all i plan on doing for the next month until these plants finish is eat a lot work out amp smoke and relax
 jireh really smoke reggie
 why are all the rich kids pretending like theyre stoners stfu shamed me in high school now your smoke too smd  but aye pass the blunt 
 i want to eat a whole weed brownie on my next off day 
 seeing these little ass kids smoking weed 
 the white children are getting high off of trash smoke....get it right 
 wow just wow. this came out better than expected. ima smoke then master.
 next person to ask for some weed and get mad at what they got cus its not plugged enough is getting slapped for wasting my time
 rag weed and some small pest can still be beautiful. beautifulpest  @ larkin 
 all i wanted to do was sit outside on this nice day and then i got bombarded by cigarette smoke. i hate people
 @kipmooremusic regrets only one..... i would have never smoked feeling great  8 years without a cigarette. life is 
 just now waking up from three blunts i smoked this morning 
 transit friday is here come out and drink smoke hookah and jam out all night. 30 free all night long 30  10 b 
 i havent eaten today didnt sleep last night havent smoked smh. recipe for disaster
 make friends in high places on the cannabis b2b platform  
 i dont understand these pro athletes i went 15 years wo smoking weed while in the military. why cant these millionaires go 8 years 
 i honestly think she wanted weed and it hurts me 
 so who wants to smoke hookah after school 
 i havent smoked in 5 days ... but im in a good mood 
 havent smoked in a week thats to long
 the fig is there but theres little smoke. i can drink it amp not compl... figlet batch 3  photo
 theres a unreleased ash x smoke x kvo x nezzus track somewhere in my emails
 ain smoke in 6 days
 whyyy do people trip over weed when there are people doing meth and raping people
 one time payton luker told everybody i worshipped the devil and smoked meth.. i miss high school 
 little kid had the balls to throw snowballs at me while im delivering a package.... lucky he has an awful arm or he wouldve got smoked
 @trickfollowfas i dont smoke cigarettes but i smoke weed  amp i havent smoked since ive been @lifepathyork gb7  
 me when i ate my first weed brownie 
 just smoked a bowl with my aunt and uncle in their half a million dollar house 
 if you put herbenhancer on your blunts or rollies you can keep them i dont smoke that garbage. only herb enhancer i use is hash or wax
 its so so so disrespectful to smoke weed openly in an apartment without asking your roommates if theyre okay with it
 the upside down smoked caramel apple puff biscuit. this seems to be a keeper. i need to buy more 
 what kind of weed is this 
 476lbs216kg x 3 was the previous set. im smoked now. 
 ive never smoked a backwood 
 havent smoked in a week n i been having weird vivid ass dreams
 a proud smoke of a proud land.  i thought this sign in todays google in 2001  to virginia tobacco ... and in 
 even though no one will hit me up smoke me up dawg
 @slootskie ive seen them live once in dtla it was amazing lmfao. wait where do u live lol the concert is called 420 smokers club i think
 i aint smoked all day amp i feel like i jus got done smoking 5 woods to the neck
 there better be smokescreens in that party boom concert. just saying. why im a graphic designer not a stage designer
 just arrived on scene of a fire near downtown lnk on s. 20th. no smoke or flames visible right now. 
 lets see how many people seen me as a mess ctfu  @ the smokers den 
 @perlacigars @havanacastleldn wow  looks like a great smoke
 if you ever thought of a vacation to utah  dont do it. get caught with weed you do 6 months
 i think its such bullshit that you can get a dui while high on weed. like come on people
 just smoked a joint for the first time in months lol thanks freejointfriday at the dispo
 i choked on my fucking smoke  @realdonaldtrump @speakerryan hilarious impeachtrump 
 i feel like i should mention that i havent actually smoked pot in over 15 years. it usually makes me super irritable. stay tuned.
 if i had a dollar for every grip ive smoked id smoke a fat grip
 kaepernick took a knee and cant find a time. manziel smoked weed  drank all the time  caught a domestic charge  and teams still want him.
 on scene at balmoral av in hamilton with no smoke or flame at reported structure fire. 
 the smoke and pepper burger from @redrobinburgers is seriously one of the best things ive eaten in a long time so good
 cosgrove smoked one over raleigh orthopaedic sign. louisville left fielder needs a chiropractor. @ncstatebaseball up 30 vs. no. 1 cards.
 theyre charging 15 a gram on campus....good thing i dont smoke i might have been in fear that i was fucking robbed every time i hit
 why do people smoke cigarettes 
 i gotta bribe weed to get people to kick it lmfao
 the three different reactions to weed 
 armchair weed aampr here i think  now is the time for pitbull do do a m.i.a.m.i throwback album its what the streets want
 mines is still pretty and i still smoke dope 
 @btimp @raysofgamma @koeswavey dont believe the lies babe. you were sitting right next to me when we smoked them.
 momma i been twisting weed
 very nice smoke notes. craftbeer drinklocal njcb  drinking a peach swisher at @pomptongrapes  
 people who smoke crackle thingsyoufindatthepetstore 
 being able to get weed from the dispensaries is so clutch. you have so many choices so many flavors so many edibles.
 about to smoke with my mom for the first time in 9 months holy fuck im excited bro
 wow wow smoking weed with my foriegn bitch
 who delivers weed around midvale
 this child is telling me how indians chopped up marijuana and snorted it and is demonstrating for me
 can we just take a moment to acknowledge the fact that our grandparents probably smoked during their pregnancys with our parents.
 damn baylor is getting absolutely smoked 
 @falsefears @anncoulter @realdonaldtrump smoked too much dope. charges. factory laid you off. sad.
 livepd weed w suspended license. riding dirty
 ive never seen pot smoked so openly in the streets as i see in morgantown
 i havent drank or smoked one time since thisball happened
 i havent drank or smoked one time since this all happened
 thicker than hookah smoke.
 i hate bars that people can smoke in 
 @fremontbrewing batch 2000 a barleywine perhaps a smoked brew
 i hate the smell of weed my chest is burnnnning
 long day  marijuana cigarettes and cuddles from my cats.
 and a pint of lean  a pound of weed and a kilo 
 just smoked a full wood sitting in in n outs drive thru and still havent even paid fridaynights 
 i took two benadryl tabs 30 minutes ago  why do i feel like i smoked 4 blunts
 @officiallivepd what happened to the guy that ate marijuana
 i can smoke hookah all day everyday
 people hate on smokers until theyre struggling to find a lighter to light the candles on someones birthday cake
 they fired me from the gas station for smelling like weed all the time smh
 ive smoked two additional different strains prior to this reply. 
 what is a weed a plant whose virtues have never been discovered.  ralph waldo emerson 
 i havent bought weed in 3 weeks. who am i
 no cigarettes were smoked in the making of these photos 
 i hate weed 
 link  smoke 
 @schwarzenegger shes been coaxed by gangs....meth smokers...hate it
 i think u smoke hookah there 
 she smoked like a vegan would
 im salty lonzo smoked it smh
 damn i hate being soberrrr  ima smoker
 ive saved anywhere from 600800 not smoking weed these past 4 months which means ive spent 2k on weed a year for the past 4 years
 @beccaludlum @songskatesang thank you  becca. we have hope  still. our mom died of it in 1970  but she was a smoker.
 if i caught my kids smoking weed first off id make sure it wasnt my fucking weed 
 seeing someone smoke while pregnant absolutely repulses me. how can you be so careless 
 damn ina really have no weed this week
 @attn i totally agree with you. alcohol and cigarettes are far more dangerous. they kill people. we all know weed is good for you
 what kind of weed is that anyways 
 ok so there were so many people smoking at the show so if i smell like weed i promise i havent gone off the deep end
 i started smoking 420 my 8th grade year and aint stopped since. dont tell me i dont smoke lol.
 first day smoke and dab 
 ive never seen a dab hit someone like that. im scared to smoke them again.
 went and smoked myself silly
 can i smoke you out  i think tf not
 endless thanks to the dino island crew over 500 000. holy smokes. could not have had a more talented and deserving team. we love yall.
 bro its been 6 days since i stopped smoking and all my friends smoke 258 so this shit is impossible 
 repost from @majorleapgroup with    ...   shawn bandz x smokey da bandit   louie  
  steph you smoking now since you told me you aint never smoke grabba  
 @polaroidcatz we havent even smoked yet kick it next time
 i didnt smoke all day today . guess thats why im in my feels lmao .
 he looks like he smoked a fat ass wood  not surprised 
 drama sells but me sitting in a cage the whole time is pretty boring. but having bitches over as creative fuel while i smoke my weed better
 my mama hate i smoke but i aint ever been a quitter.
 i smoked three times today  i dont even eat three times a day  smh
 @nestooooo ive never smoked a cigarette but i might start after this season
 dominicans smoke hookah in church smh
 i smoked indica all day and i still feel it  wtf
 ive been smoke free for 0 years  0 months  1 day  0 hours   trying it again last time 14 mo 
 drive home a 20 year old stripper who is now smoking me up with the best weed ever
 ive been smoking all day but i still want to smoke before i go to bed lol
 i hate when the weed is trash  amp i keep wasting my time smoking it
 ive done weed once guy i overheard at a bar
 still havent figured out how to smoke
 its crazy how many cigarettes i smoke when im with my parents 
 blaze and i just smoked a cigarette outside while passing the soccer ball at 4 in the morning
 i been up since 1am just smoking and listening to music im about to smoke one last jay ampamp try to sleep
 i went day drinking  smoked  threw up before going into the club  and drank some more. go alan 
 couldnt sleep really so ive been up since 5am getting my shit together  and smoking weed...
 theyre taking my father off the ventilator today  i had hoped he at least made it to june. fuck cancer and anyone who smokes cigarettes
 repost cannabiscommunity with @repostapp  good morning cannabiscommunity  hit the link in 
 itd be cool to smoke with adele at least once but she doesnt smoke either lol
 we all know what happened to the last generation with the right to smoke pot and theyre at it again with cigarettes 
 @tiffanyreisz maybe check out aflac for term life for andrew. i think they only care if he smokes. 
 just smoked a blunt with my uber driver lmfao cool ass dude
 why do people feel the need to tell everyone when they smokedrink for the first time youre not automatically a different person  calm down
 mother smoked during pregnancy 
 i smoked 3 cigarettes after 3 years of not smoking 1   am ashamed
 scraphouse jimmy just went around the circle 3 times going 65. so smoked out already.
 if he wouldve never came through the smoke shop that day we probably still wouldnt be speaking.
 havent smoked weed in 3 days im really proud of myself
 ive never smoked anything  ive never been drunk  never hooked up with any boys  im still a virgin  i guess u can say im a good person
 feel like its been forever since we smoked. when you pullin up on me lol 
 i done smoked too many ports 
 yall im still fucking gone i smoked some moon rock for the first time
 ive literally met all my friends thanks to smoking tree in one form or another. maybe you didnt smoke wme  but o 
 drank myself silly. smoked myself silly. woke up. everything is still the same.
 lmao ive paid peoples lights bills  deposits  bought then food  weed  paid phone bills  bonded people out of jail  all kinds of shit 
 hmmm havent watched weeds in a long time. guess ill finish it. 
 i think i overdosed of weed lastnight i had a out of her body experience 
 hate waking up w no weed lmao 
 piper would be a name white people or a person who smoke wayyyyyyy too much weed would name their child 
 i hate the smell of cigarettes yet ill smoke em
 aint seen weed bad like this since 09 
 if you dont smoke cigarettes  you smoke cigarettes at after hours lol
 almost just killed my dog with a weed eater... great day so far
 arrogate wow. smoked at the gate dead last thinking wrap him up amp live to fight another day and he rolls wide all the way around the track.
 lord my white girl got up locked up for weedfailure to appear. smh
 when youre stranded in colorado bc all flights are booked and youre on standby  where da weed dealers @ 
 dont you just love seeing parents smoke while holding their young children
 healthybalance5 is spreading the love in a seedy kinda way. you know chia seed  hemp seed  
 zoloft is prescribed to pregnant women everyday amp its been linked to  birth defects. but you know its still better than weed right 
 i dont smoke hookah but i want a hookah pen  hmmm..
 @chuckreynolds did you get the smoke plumes higher this time 
 me too . first i was like cool ok she smoked one but after the 5th one like this bitch is obviously stressed or som 
 finna smoke this dolo cus im really blowed man smh ..
 lastnight seem like a blur smoke and alchohol
 you smoke weed wow youre like super cool and edgy. 
 im glad i have a cool uncle to smoke weed with
 i havent smoked that many blunts in a while
 random trip to setx okay i needed to smoke with the goons anyways
 i smoked a bunch of resin and keif and im on a different planet
 after being a stoner for a couple of years  weed just dont get you high anymore so you either gonna upgrade to smoking wax or stop smoking.
 aaron stole my lighter right before my flight and now i cant smoke my last backwood  2nd blunt ive had to toss out at the tsa checkpoint
 its legit been 2 weeks since i last smoked weed  i havent gone this long in 2 years  shits weird asf but im proud of myself 
 accidentally ate a weed cookie last night. my friday was lit 
 what is with scene girls  why do they all have to smoke cigarettes
 to some people you may be just a weed  but to the right person  youre the prettiest flower theyve ever seen 
 imagine if instead of a hookah bar it was  like  a weed bar
 i havent smoke yet so im cranky
 i smoked a blunt while walking my dog and ive never felt better
 im so sick of smoking by myself any one down to smoke some time
 i havent smoked today and my tude is at an all time high
 cigarettes are the poor mans weed stop smoking them
 i learned this when i started smoking weed 
 bone marrow with my smoked ham hock benedict @wildebeestyvr  needsmorenapkin 
 theyre not booing... theyre saying luuuuuke. two run double by barringer was smoked. 41.
 cigarette smokers gotta be the most dedicated people ive seen. 40 degrees outside amp theyre rolling around w their hand out the window
 who hates all pot smokers answer coming shortly
 i could use a nice sesh its been a few weeks since ive smoked and i need to relax but im broke lol
 favorite new healthysnack sriracha flavored toasted hemp seeds from @manitobaharvest in an avocado  sprinkled w 
 so cute collection of mini weed pots  35 each. themartcollective studiopots venicecalifornia 
 it has been scientifically proven that smoking weed makes you 10x more artsy
 two weeks smoke free
 are you really from rochester if youve never smoked a blunt at highland park
 i havent smoke at my regular time today
 @jeffsessions who hates all pot smokers answer jeff sessions
 she found weed in the bottom of her grinder tho  so we smoked like a half of a blunt 
 yall love weed so much but 1. still smoking out of dutchesswishers 2. still smoking mid
 idk why i smoked a raw cone. i done forgot i was on the military diet amp ate everything but what i was suppose to smh
 wow  i stopped doin cocaine  all i got now is my weed lean   n percs
 havent smoked in two weeks proud of myself
 silent smoke cocktail by rokus bar manager @charityjohnston   mezcalelsilencio yuzu  agave fresh grapefruit  e 
 who can get wax rn ill smoke a wax wood with u
 2 things i hate..... trash ass weed and the water touching my ass when i drop another one.
 on the scene assisting @cafdst30. units on the scene are reporting smoke coming from the attic. 
 havent smoked in little over a month  but my lighter game still strong though.  @ woodbridge  
 seasoning up some chicken for the smoker. @ vfw post 1747  oroville 
 work | smoke | sleep 
 10 times outta 10 i smoked something not to long before we link up
 how do people smoke 247 honestly
 smoking hemps in the bathroom will have your parents questioning your drug choice how long you be in there still smoking....
 have you ever suffered from a cannabis hangover no. what do you think 
 i havent smoked all day amp i feel okay.
 @brucemajors4dc does that include marijuana brownies or just the chocolate kind
 i havent smoked in over a week amp idk if i even want to when i get back
 came home to dallas expecting a hug from momma but got smacked instead bc i was wearing weed leaf socks i had forgot this was still an issue
 i havent smoked in the longest time 
 ill probably just smoke and treat it like any other day 
 when you smoke meth but talk about me smoking weed like i am the one everyone should be concerned about
 i just have to say ive never enjoyed marijuana. its just not for me.  my mother  
 so glad to be able to say i still havent smoked a cigarette its been 2 and half weeks
 who tryna smoke  who tryna smoke  roll it up  thats my favorite quote  lil debbie  lofty 
 i havent smoked once today... what is life
 tbh the first time in the year ive known tyler were actually getting along rn. weed is a miracle man
 ive smoked meth 11 times and crack once
 i didnt smoke at all today n i havent been this fkn low in so long sobriety kills when u have a serotonin deficiency n depression amirite
 when someone smokes cigarettes around me it pisses me off so bad
 ive been smoking more cancer than weed nowadays...
 i think im down with weed for now..
 cuz gave me a dollar just to smoke with me
 i havent smoked a blunt since i got to atlanta but when i get back to ny im dead ass gunna light an 8th
 gunna make a bunch of weed butter for my babies
 need me a fat ass blunt since i havent smoked today 
 ima smoke hookah and drink all night
 havent smoked in 3 weeks  going on 4  proud of myself g.
 this is the longest i havent smoked weed in like 8 years
 i smoked a blunt with @snoopdogg this week....nobody can tell me shit ever lol
 i feel this. i have such a difficult time trying to breathe around cigarette smoke that i actually cant get air in 
 stg i need to smoke
 had such a good first day  clock out and it just went down hill from there  need to smoke
 u ever think about all the stuff youd still have if u never drank or smoked
 @usagsessions how many died from smoking weed if you dont answer  you just prove to the world you are a spineless 
 it may not mira lago but hubbard nebraska with pop of 231 had that many to our smoke out of ribs and wings  11 teams. standing room only
 haha if i was to talk to myself from 6 years ago about smoking weed i would prolly slap myself.
 @softykjr i didnt think you smoked
 so excited to be at the openingnight for lauren weedman doesnt live here anymore starring 
 smh stop doing drugs people just smoke weed. livepd herbalife
 anyone who thinks for a second beyonce doesnt smoke  is retarded
 i have never seen more people smoke newports than in new york 
 okay so ive been @ultra and as usual ive been asked for everything weed  pills  ice ice dude literally asked me if i was the iceman...tf
 we smoked out in rotation for hours lol
 drank 2 beers  but theyre talls  so really 4  which for me is like 8   plus weed  so like  12 beers.   will be an interesting ride home.
 lots of smoke  but whos to say if theres a fire not like any other president wouldve been impeached ten times already.
 never in my life will i understand why people smoke cigarettes
 the last generation to legally smoke a cigarette makes me think 
 i havent smoked all day 
 joe rogan just taught me edibles are 5x more psychoactive than smoking weed.. and it lets u talk to dolphins 
 thats why i smoked your ass all year. 
 i havent smoked  inna min 
 whenever my neighbor outside smoking weed my mama be sitting outside to relax
 theres nothing i hate more than the smell of cigarettes. no offense to those who smoke em.
 a serious weed man is such a blessing 
 i hate to see pretty girls smoke cigarettes
 this is the first time ive smoked in forever and im watching super  its made it 10xs better tbh
 i always wanted to be a dolphin trainer my cousin who now grows weed in his basement
 two amazing artists  storm large and lauren weedman at the openingnight for lauren weedman 
 cigarette smoke 
 were people smoking weed during the civil war
 hold up. you mean to tell me the same person who told me to kill myself bc i smoked cigarettes just so happens to smoke cigarettes now
 @realkrisxxx bb me  suck and rim u smoke etc 
 i will never smoke and drive ever again
 i dont smoke reggie 
 young smokers ... wow these people are really dumb the cravings never go away vape  
 mike i stopped smoking weed  eric.  me you should stop smoking cigarettes and keep smoking weed
 im so different from other people my age. i hate partying  i dont smoke  i hate alcohol 
 so somebody said they stopped smoking weed and lost weight i need to see the data
 honestly who tf smokes blackampmilds
 ive never smoked so many blunts in a day like today
 nigga ive always smoked blacks it was love at first sight 
 just smoked for the first time in 7 months and im too lit.
 been a year since i smoked
 fuck man  the people that blow hookah smoke in the camera of theyre snapchat front facing camera are so cool  i cant even take it. omg
 let me paint a scene in undies  sitting by open window smoking weed to the dust of retreat. its exactly how you think it is
 never smoked 
 my sugar daddy can never smoke ever again 
 why do people still smoke in 2017  
 i had not smoked since november and here i am smh
 why am i still high when i smoked 2 hours ago 
 i really need to stop smoking weed with strangers
 lmfao i hate when bitches try to smoke but you know damn well that they aint have shit with them.
 amp i smoke my own woods
 i havent smoked a cigarette in a while now
 i hate living over here  i need weed 
 try our new stuffed smoked meatloaf today only.  noon until it runs out our meatloaf is stuffed 
 no smoke amp mirrors  do you have raw talent like this  hiring clippers inc. barber shop. 78 
 i honestly dont need anyone to smoke me up so it really irks my nerves when people arent on time 
 no smoke amp mirrors  do you have raw talent like this  hiring clippers inc. barber shop. 78 
 no smoke amp mirrors  do you have raw talent like this  hiring clippers inc. barber shop. 78 
 no smoke amp mirrors  do you have raw talent like this  hiring clippers inc. barber shop. 78 
 ima go to a popular studio rent the midi room for almost the whole day smoke out and produce while people wonder who i am.
 i havent been able to smoke with nature surrounding me in a long time until last night. such good vibes 
 being in the marijuana business   seeing my familys busines theyve had for three generations  four since now im getting shown itspecial
 who tf had loud rn  havent smoked since last night
 wish i wouldve smoked before coming out  that helps me tolerate these stupid ass drivers
 @cooodicus also i debated against drug legalization because i was afraid of weed. dont hate me. 
 its love at first bite yall better get there early if you want smoked meatloaf from 
 newhealthcareprofessions weed dealer 
 since ive left my house house for nebraska i havent smoked
 manually grinding coffee beans for four peoples worth of coffee is the equivalent of having to break up weed by hand for a blunt x100
 lol i do need to chill i havent smoked so my nerves are bad
 theres nothing wrong with disliking chunky peanut butter except that youre weak and natural selection will weed you out
 we unveil our new smoked meatloaf today @sweetsandmeats open noon until we sell out at 2249 beechmont ave 
 chemtrails is a lind of smoke airplane are flying in the sky throwing smoke with no one should breath in your body  look it up  drwisdom
 @xxxrachelroxxx getting a oz the day i get out my brother smokes bud so its all good hes came here amp smoked wme so its all good 
 dude a clown  how tf you come in the airport smelling like a pound thinking you finna get on the plane den you got weed in your bag
 i smoke cigarettes to ease your absence  havent seen you in a while ive become an addict
 im eating healthier  so i think a bfast burrito is not  on the agenda for me today  but this weed is 100 getting one
 i drank an energy drink with cigarette ash in it amp threw some weed away amp now i have a 7 hour shift and thats the start of my week
 too bad formal was for only one weekend x @ smokey mountains 
 damn i hate getting smoke in my eye
 i hate when ppl smoke cigarettes especially around babies
 moms in town so i couldnt smoke before bed... had the worst sleep ever. wtf.
 noooo... ive neber smoked crack
 @dannyaller @bonfantimike @fsurich smoked gulf tuna ftw.
 i swear i learned to relax after i got introduced to weed.. havent looked back since.
  if you smoke a wood in the woods by yourself. does anyone actually get high  
 lmaoooooo im sick of seeing this stupid shit  just do the weeds 
 would watch defoe and dempsey smoke cigarettes and tell young people how useless they are. 
 i havent smoked tweed in so fucking long 
 no regrets about this choice. pacific northwest benedict with smoked salmon and a beautiful 
 @drbigbudz i enjoy following you i hate to see you caught up in this too is all. lets smoke one amp move on...
 lmaooo when i seen that shit after i smoked i died laughing  
 remedy  i could smoke damn near 1 000 woods ah day  @ englewood  chicago 
 if you caught someone smoking weed
 aint smoked a gram of some moon rock yet
 i love smoking weed nd i hate advice
 ive never smoked anything but i did on friday idk why people do it because my insides and mouth were on fire @madiiii23 @mikhalanicole
 i still remember how the weed smelt  you were sitting up front no seatbelt
 shout out to people who smoke newport 100s and regs  but are afraid of moles and spliff 6040
 not too shabby. one more hour of smoke. pastrami manbque bbq foodporn cheflife 
 watching this pregnant lady smoke a cig and blow the smoke around her 3 year old. why
 hawks getting smoked by the nets smh.
 i aint smoked since thursday  proud of myself
 havent smoked in so long
 new song out right now dj smokey x shaq france x mythic x soudiere x loud lord  lift n inhale link 
 28 days since i smoked a blunt... who am i
 those are the kinds of people that shouldnt be selling weed. what kind of business is that.  
 ooh united got smoked today with this lol. @delta would never  
 got asked if i smoked weed by the same guy twice within a matter of 10 minutes
 june clever may have vacuumed in heels amp pearls  but did she kill weeds amp household pests in her sunday best whos the ideal now june who
 why do people assume i smoke weed  havent smoked in like 5yrs plus
 why is this even a choice why is there an army of plan a people why would you want smokers to keep smoking amp die 
 these smoked neckbones  i feel like im getting more like my momma with my cooking uncfsurys17
 ive never been one to blow smoke i do what i say im going to do.
 ive stopped. outside of weed which i might drop 200  400 a month on  but sell back around 150 worth to people 
 oh good lord  im glad im leaving. there is a guy here so steeped in cigarillo smoke that it is overpowering from six feet away.
 i wondered why 1 blunt got me so high then i remembered i ate weed chocolate
 mani smoked her first wood with me and @unexpectedrichs and couldnt hang at all she went in the house and went straight to sleep
 sundayfunday smoke some bud day
 i love every cigarette i ever smoked old lady at the check out
 when you find fellow artist that smoke your style of cigarettes  all natural  still kills you  
 @jgoss1971 im a recreational pole smoker
 when in miami you must try the the cucumber amp smoke cocktail amp pistachio pizza uplandmia ask 
 im so glad that ive never been a smoker. 
 @rickyvelez likely story  you smoked your friends last joint and he punched you. just tell the truth lol.
 seems like most of the people who still smoke cigarettes appear to be the ones least able to afford the habit. smoking
 even drinking all day yesterday  didnt smoke once. im so proud of myself.
 clients first time smoking weed. im actually having a good time initiating him to it because hes being pretty chill.
 ive probably smoked 13 ls today..
 if you amp two other people had 2 days to smoke both of these bags for 3m who you picking for a team @ em  
 i stopped smoking and still got a blunt left from texas... waste of weed
 havent smoked over a month
 very subtle smokey pepper taste. heat is low but noticeable as it lingers... ancho mamas  photo
 not to be melodramatic but all we have is chocolate and weed chocolate and i dont think its going to be okay 
 i smoked like 20 blunts this weekend lmfao and wow my throat is fucked
 why you gotta weed out the dyslexics with your aggressively woke wifi password. took me 18x to spell this 
 my dad think i smoke cigarettes
 i havent smoked since that day i couldnt walk straight
 half these females nowadays claiming they smoke  
 im glad to be back in my dorm. ive missed the ever lasting stench of weed throughout the hallway
 if there are better smoked wings in tallahassee than those at @redshedtally  i havent found em. 
 i hate smoking. i hate niggas that smoke. i hate smoke itself. i hate the smell of a cigarette. 
 the first l in my life ... i wouldve smoked him out anyways but this burns
 @hilariousroasts damn shame those 13s got smoked smh
 @zomdadon smoke first
 this one is particularly interesting because it is one hundred percent hemp  and colored with 
 want all the deliciousness of brisket in less than half the time try smoked beef cheeks. @ 
 theres a half smoked regular black and mild in the ash tray 
 newdj smokey x @shaqfrance x @m9beatsbruh x @youngpirelli x @loudlord  lift n inhale link  
 i havent seen weed like this in years  
 have you ever smoked cigarettes before
 @putridtoucan988 bruh i havent smoked since october but forcefully of course
 dukes is tearing my ass up rn about weed.  all i said was i wanted to go to the restaurant and try the macaroni and cheese 
 i love smoking weed in same places people smoke cigarettes... fortheculture
 my dark circles give me a natural smokey eye i kind of dig it mom
 the best kind of leftovers is @russanddaughter. got a fridge full of smoked fish and seltzer 
 i hate myself i lost 20 worth of weedlkdks
 havent smoked a cig all day 
 @porcupineeeyore i think ours probably do tbh but ive never purchased weed.
 yes you do we make that ourselves apple cider cured and apple wood  smoked 
 vintage marijuana desk lamp  really kind of speaks for itself no  click link in bio 
 2 minutes of silence for the people who drink and smoke to look cool...
 idk if its because i have not smoked in like 5 days or what but dude during slushii let me hit his j damn am i baked af
 one of my coworkers snorted weed cuz he had no papers. these people retarded and crazy.
 wow you started to smoke weed every now and then in college.... ur such a stoner
 had to smoke this wood n remember who tf i was 
 havent smoked all day i am dyinnn
 its 2017 and people still smoke cigarettes. smh
 havent smoked yet today buttttttt its lookin like that time
 me dad listening to @mansionz wow  cool dudes. are they gay ill smoke w them
 go ahead skin it  skin that smoke wagon.
 so i smoked before i went to bed amp i woke up @ 3pm. tf happened to me  did i kinda die 
 havent smoked in a week my attitude on 10
 still too sick to smoke 
 buttermilk biscuit  smoked salt and foie gras butte for those who like it. the biscuit comes 
 we smoked till 5 in the am then was out the door at 12  runnin off nooooo sleep 
 @realdonaldtrump smoke screen you always lie stoped coming long time ago no jobs in usa according to you
 who got the link for weed up north my link out west and southwest
 damn pens got smoked
 today i smoked a whole bowl of resin and im not proud  but most importantly  it didnt get me the desired high
 when you ready to smoke   but you aint at school yet  
 yah the flyers smoked the pens but the highlight of my weekend was corey parry getting smacked around on the ice like a rag doll nyrvsana
 been a while since i ran some tables in 8 ball pool  send them in to get smoked
 kay graham bonnie from tvd is quite literally one of the most attractive ppl ive ever seen holy smokes 
 dead ass been trying to find weed for hours now smh
 @zenyanna ok so theres one scene where lucille is under house arrest and wants to smoke but cant approach the balcony to exhale or
 if you watched pootie tang and didnt laugh im just assuming you smoke games amp pour the milk before the cereal 
 i cant believe i just seriously watched someone smoke a cigarette next to someone getting gas
 ive smoked extremely too much weed today
 why do ppl smoke cigarettes i promise it doesnt make you cool and youre skin becomes hella wrinkly and you get lung cancer. very fun
 wow 200 days smoke free. feels good.
 this was a year ago. now theyre way too big to pay for 4 000 and a pound of weed
 i havent smoked in a cool minute and it makes me a lil dad 
 i havent smoked in a cool minute and it makes me sad 
 a week with no smoking weed nor dabbing craaazyyyy
 i smoked so fucking last night i was more sick from the smoking than i was hung over.
 modelo michelada  weed and cocktail seafood mix. 
 i smoke cigarettes 
 holy smokes people get a grip
 ive been smoked out twice today life is great
 happy cannabis day trudeau liberals to draft legislation in april to legalize marijuana by canada day 2018 report 
 boot camp  smoke 
 holy smokes only 39 and a half work days left of the school year 
 i havent smoked for 28 weeks amp 4 days or 200 days.. and i only have 15 days until i can again
 which be hitting 10x harder since i dont smoke nomo
 just trying to smoke and relax
 definitely want s blunt rn but im doing good havent smoked in 3 months
 when people smoke in line. haha do you realize we all hate you
 i will choose weed over you any calendar day of the year 
 @maddiedyer111 @flemingvanna @salcidorainee no she just almost died i smoked with ladouceur too  fuckkkk i hate life
 accidentally burned a paper towelamp my grandma really thinks i was smoking weed lmfao
 i want a blunt so bad but i cant smoke  yet someone blowing down right in front of the apt 
 i still think about you but the weed helps
 nyc pot factory goes up in smoke  fills street with marijuana smell  @mailonline
 i smoked too much today smh
 and im about to smoke my wood without him ion wait on people
 lmao why do i still try and smoke hookah if ive got baby lungs.
 this fool who watched the house this weekend when my family was gone really took a half gram of my weed stupid fuck didnt know i scale it
 hate when people smoke around me and then i start to smell like it 
 with i need to major in what your major is im over here crying and smoking weed and shit to get through this li 
 @kgkassy sooo many non dairy options theres hemp  coconut  almond  cashew 010 would not recommend soy etc
 i probably havent bought weed in about a month either tbh
 after i finish this half zip im taking a month long tolerance break and then imma smoke another half zip and see how i feel.
 ew im disgusted people in new yoke smoke cigarettes like blunts  gross 
 havent smoked in 6 weekssss
 i only been smokin weed like two days now but im addicted already rehab me
 havent smoked in 24 hours  thats a record. hell thats probably whats wrong with my ass.
 did i hear this right canada can potentially have weed legalize by the first of next year and a new train in my city  canada  weed
 nobody can smoke a pound a day idc.
 so people can serve years for weed but she cant for murder 
 nigga  im smoking weed  going to pickup a nee zip today  my dog next to me  and just watched the sun rise  its a be 
 wow  even more smoke 
 ottawa to table bill legalizing cannabis before 420  but to take effect canada day next year  reports @danlebla 
 fire seems to be diminishing. very dark smoke now oakland @abc7newsbayarea 
 funfact im not a fan of fruit flavored vape juices  however the custard flavors are f l a m e sooo much smoother of a smoke too
 some kind of alarm has been beeping away at the neighbors house for well over an hour now. no sign of smoke or anything. wtf.
 ive had half a can of soup amp havent smoked since saturday morning amp i left my vehicle somewhere because i couldnt drive why am i so sick
 sometimes i remember that i randomly drove 45 mins to smoke with @wacobjilliams and his friend in the middle of some strange neighborhood
 just passed a huge fire in oakland. really hope everybody is safe flames shooting through a roof and the smoke is covering the skyline.
 @tlxij youre right but ive never smoked weed
 i been in austin almost 2 days and i still havent smoked 
 wow. lone firefighter in sea of flames. starting to see some changing in color of smoke. 4alarm fire in oakland  
 not even 10 minutes in and im already bombarded with questions about the different strands of weed
 jesus christ.... atleast he didnt cough into when the bowl was still in because rip to all the weed thats fucking 
 damn this bitch had marijuana and fucking meth. she wilding.
 ppl dont smoke weed to look cool  people smoke weed because their stressed tf out
 i hate the smell of smoke 
 canada is legalizing weed next year   which makes it even more appealing.
 i welcome mocking comments and retweets of my incorrect. everything ive ever seen told me lowell would smoke notre dame. you may own me.
 lol that actually helped me stop smoking. and im almost 2 years in no ganja. 
 i welcome mocking comments and retweets of my bad takes. everything ive ever seen told me lowell would smoke notre dame. you may own me.
 i hate how niggas smoke reggie think there high gonna last 3 hours 
 havent smoked in a month and 3 weeks. and my soul is crying 
 baby momma was tripping bruh had to spend the weed money 
 niyah just high ashit but ik she gonna be goodaint no other choice. she just shouldnt have smoked
 jeezy like to drank  jeezy like to smoke  jeezy like to mix arm amp hammer w his coke
 jerry jones wants @nfl to remove marijuana ban   bro.... weed is illlleeeeegal
 officially allergic to cigarette smoke....  why am i so strange.
 i hate cigarettes . i hate the smell of cigarettes being smoked   amp i hate the smell of cigarettes on people . 
 cigarette smoke is probably the most disgusting smell ever 
 wow because its a song about weed and 420 is national weed day  so amazing i never wouldve guessed 
 i stopped smoking weed today.
 how you a breaking bad fan if you havent even smoked some meth
  the end.  my mans smoked meth and had no idea 
 i will never understand why the pharmacy majors smoke cigarettes 
 its been a while since we smoked weeds neighbor 
 @luiev @rvvxxxi @shortyybopp its a cone bruh all i gotta do is stuff it lmaoo ive smoked 16 in a 12 inch. and it smoked beautifully
 gcc is better than umass because everyone there will bum you a cig and no one here fucking smokes plus theyll yell at you for smoking
 its amazing to me that its still ppl locked up amp going to jail over marijuana. white ppl aint been shit since the beginning of time 
 im also shocked i didnt smoke weed. because that is when i wouldve started. 
 @alandonmusic x @realgyptian x kushface x smokestackglobal x 2017 x lifechanges @ platinum 
 were buying hemp seeds to grow in the greenhouse at a school aha what
 ate half a cookie and smoked half that blunt lets see how work goes lol
 told my stepmom to leave me a joint amp nahh she smoked that shit amp left me the  roach smh
 personally proud of my headlines like hookah bars to go up in smoke  frozen yogurt shops grow in popularity amp  
 @killacag @deaiid @jquiiin people still smoke cigarettes
 maxx offered to smoke me out to catch up  i hate him. 
 people who smoke menthols have a certain look to them i swear
 okay i havent smoke but lalo  did give me a charged
 @deathischill @seamdawg theyve done a really good job of weeding out the double baby nerds this year and i love it
 and weed smh 
 today marks 1 full year that i havent smoked.... 
 i think my hemp wraps came in the mail. 
 im feeling emotional today... so glad i have a lot of weed. lol
 @seesylvie @tomangell @wvgop medical cannabis has helped tons of people from suffering. even republicans know this 
 going on a month that i havent smoked 
 so many people i went to high school w judged me for smoking weed  and now they smoke weed amp im glad they came to their senses 
 no the question is wow you dont smoke weed 
 probably living at his parents with 3 kids still smoking weed and drinking beer everyday 
 lol the first time i smoked weed was the day after i sucked dick for the first time god is shook 
 i havent smoked any weed since like 439 yesterday. smh.. i got about 3 hits left in my pen too smh yet again
 still gon smoke 21 blunts today
 i dont get how people smoke cigarettes
 bro i learned how to cook crack when i was like 13. ive done everything from grow weed to pressing x pills.....idk why people have to stunt
 people be smoking weed  skipping school  trying to be cool  and ruining their lives all at the same time.
  wow youre really good at math    no im just good at weed
 seeing ppl smoke cigarettes is honestly so disgusting
 it is extremely rude and inconsiderate to smoke cigarettes and walking with people behind you
 off first glance  cigarette smokers. 
 6 months ago  i didnt have a meme problem  yeah  and 4 months ago  i didnt smoke weed @alisonfortune
 okay i get youve never smoked weed before  but because i have or i do doesnt make me any different. i do what makes me happy...
 @therealjlong @jacobey23 dont say i won one game...... i smoked  his boots 
 smoked so good where i was ion even wanna smoke no more columbus weed
 havent smoked in 2 days and can honestly say i havent been craving it.
 the two of us went up in smoke
 @colethompson11 i have a half smoked cig and two beers
 a year ago isaiah smashed my lil blunt down the toilet amp now hes the one who is buying my weed 
 havent smoked in 3 days
 let the people smoke weed.
 sitting next to a smoker in class and i cant breathe 
 sipping hennessy bumpin rnb so i can smoke a beat.
 attending amp attending @dencitycouncil marijuana committee meeting on operation hours. regionalconcern
 cigarettes should be illegal not weed 
 somebody link and smoke sum tonite
 it amazes me how many people still smoke cigs 
 lots of young people smoke cigarettes in miami  just lots of europeans or what miami health southbeach
 its been 92 days since i smoked a black and mild i dont think i ever wanted anything more in my life currently than to smoke a black
 neva admitted to committing a crime. i did no talking. i spent 4 days in the city jail. for court fines  got out amp smoked a blunt a budgets
 glad my girl started sellin weed 
 first time ive actually sat down in a park by myself and smoke.  its a rad feeling
 what tf did they smoke 
 when you think the group of people you hangout with are cool.. more like the group that smokes the most pot.
 finally we get to relax with a strong beverage. weeded amp mulched both gardens. added flowers  more peppers  cucumbers  amp 1 more eggplant.
 why did i just smoke lol i almost died with my baby lungs 
 oh lord ive worked hard all my lifetime  bought me a mercedesbenz now its broke and @mbusa is blowing smoke  warranty smoke  oh lord...
 this is the first time in 5 years that im quitting weed....holy shit it hasnt even been 24 hours yet
 ever since my momma found out i smoke she blames everything i do on weed 
 like smoked cigarettes i inhale these regrets  i cant help what ive become
 i havent smoked all day i need some kush in my lungs 
 idk why theyre taking me to this smoke shop 
 its raining and i havent smoked a cig in 5 hours. time to risk it.
 the weed is so gud that my skin feels numb
 @rumanddiabetes oh yeah  ive got all these hemp seeds
 when your name is reggie and people are always asking do you smoke that reggie  
 why smoke cigarettes when you can smoke ganja
 susanrice unmasked american citizens caught up in intel gathering. period. bs about carter page amp erik prince is the real smoke screen
 yo boyfriend smokes vape pens
 i feel demon hunter in diablo3 is designed to weed out nonhackers who dont pack the gear to play long term. very challenging early levels.
 i like weed more than people  ijs.
 room smoked tf out
 i been eating weed everything all day  
 that was smoked. wow
 subtle chocolate and some smoke on the finish  drinking a shipbuilders oatmeal stout at @titanicbrewery   photo
 i can smoke again after next wednesday 
 i think i smoked like 20 cigs... i hate u opening day
 niggas putting weed above they house bills. priorities.
 havent smoked a cigarette since last summer but nothing makes me want to buy a pack more than antismoking psas
 ive been smoking weed heavy since im not drinking anymore lol
 this is probably the best weed ive smoked yet
 still have yet to smoke outta this 
 i just smoked medical for the first time amp omg thank you my god there is an almighty 
 good people dont smoke marijuana.   yeah  @jeffsessions well  good people arent denied federal judgeship for being too racist.
 the attic of the structure continues to spew smoke as lfd units and lifecare remain on scene
 havent smoked all day and im lk proud about it
 my mom swears that since i smoke pot i cant be disgusted by the thought of a cigarette in my mouth lol two very dif things lady.
 well  day three my girl hasnt smoked pretty happy about that
 two years ago i would have been the idle truck stop smoker. what a life i lead  honestly. spiral out  keep going
 one day  i want own basement for smoke only. i can be in my own world like this  
 at least weed is a diarrhea suppressant right  
 well  im not young  not punk and dont smoke weed. impeachtrump 
 herraldo.  just got smoked on cnn  hope i spelled it right.
 at 26 letting loose on a weeknight involves taking two hits from a weed vape i hate that i have to specify that smh and an extra benadryl
 me when i first discovered weed... ripppped..     blazed ....     8 
 havent chewed my nails or smoked since ive been sick  this will be easy to continue considering how i keep thinking about nasty germs lol
 never smoked 
 smh fuckin hate weedless nights ......
 i havent smoked weed in forever ion need it 
 @exjon the russian stuff is a smoke screen that will last for years to try amp prevent people from seeing the great t 
 damn goss smoked that shit like sherm
 knew them niggas were gonna win it ever since duke got smoked
 @trulyperverted @dillionlover @dillionharper @baddragon @exxxotica wow dillion  smoken hot body sweetie
 i havent smoked in a week amp it feels gr8 
 @madmax235 it is. like as a white guy  im far less likely to get arrested for marijuana possession than a person of color
 i hate when people try to make me stop smoking weed 
 ate 2 weed cakes an hour ago amp yet to feel the high 
 this a perfect example as to why i say smoking weed is retarded and corny. 
 dam i havent smoked in like 2 months but i should have watched this game cookin lmfao
 i just remember that i smoked three joints and two blunts with dizzy wright
 so i took a music production class senior year amp i downloaded pro tools to see what i remember amp lets just say i smoke too much weed 
 i saw that  you cant fool me  eve. smoke a bunch of weed and pass out. also you can survive on 4 hours of sleep. you will do it. its fine
 @wildfierr im not even a cigarette smoker anymore which is a damn tragedy because former me couldve  gloried in the rarity smoking inside
 you holding onto it we smoke it all today
 once i smoke this dutch im done for a long time again i was on a like 7 month stroll
 if the crack dealer that lives next to me isnt affirmation that im in stockton  its the weed dealer peeing next to my car.
 i get moody when im hungry or when i havent smoked weed all day. if i havent smoked all day and im hungry stay away 
 hearing im the choice over the cannabis club lately... hope the man dont try amp assassinate me now since its legal amp im stepping on toes
 holy smokes im just seeing nia jax for the first time  rawaftermania thickerthanasnickers twostrokes
 havent smoked a bag in over a week 
 @realjameswoods @thedemocrats ive been calling it that  from day 1. its a total smokescreen.
 look at my vegan salad with vegan mock chicken and vegan kale and vegan cucumber and vegan hemp hearts and vegan br 
 seriously if any of you heard me coughing you would think ive smoked a pack of marlboro reds a day for 20 years
 ...and a pint of lean  pound of weed  and a kilo
 i havent smoked in 5 days and im starting to get headaches
 i smoke weed for the taste tf 
 i havent smoked for hours this goodnight session should be clutch
 it has to stop the discrimination on canabis is unreal with all we know today  but some people will never be open 
  my boy fasho. was cool last year but had to fr link up this year. hoop  smoke  and chill be the daily schedule 
 4 months since i smoked weed
 i havent smoked a cigarette since january 
 so cal cannabis business expo | los angeles | details soon  
 i hate covering up the weed smell. i just wanna live my life 
 i got super hammered earlier. i bumped into my old weed dealer...he bought us like 4 shots. i had actual fun  and i havent in awhile
 ima laugh and smoke through it all cuz its a better day on check day
 so now everyone   only smokes out of woods .  
 i didnt smoke a cigarette yesterday since technically its tuesday rn lets call that day 1 of quitting
 cig music cig culture and i wonder why i still smoke
 im so glad my mama dont do nothing she never smoked stop sipping lean yessss go girl
 i accidentally forgot to smoke weed today and now i accidentally want to die.
 please do not smoke your cigarettes around me 
 honestly if youre a shitty weed dealer you should be embarrassed. smh
 equalpayday womans rights.. or the rights of the third world.. the illuminattis fries are curled.. they remind me of how smoke swirled
 damn he smoked his girl 
 it seemed as though the flames were dying down  but theyre shooting up again. lots of thick smoke streaming out of 
  lmao well i can tell you thing you wont die unless you smoke cigarettes  
 2017 and people still need to publicize they smoke everyday.. 
 900 followers wow 45 days  thats a lot of people to be interested in cannabis families  scroll my followers and thank yourselves  thank you
 i hate menthols idk how i used to smoke these
 learn about @farmbloomingtons 420 hemp dinner by clicking here  
 a stranger gave me a whole gram of weed  seems like today is gonna be a good ass day
 dont get your boots smoked at a damn hotel.
 i dont know what went on or how things went down but somebody got their boots smoked at this fucking hotel. 
 i cant go to work because somebody was too busy getting their boots smoked out here smh
 im tired of hearing how bad weed is from people that have never smoked it.
 hate hearing when people that smokes alot cough
 i had a dream that i ate weed in england and then got a bullet wound tattoo on my hand..
 where the clutch ass weed men who give you like 2 bags for 10 dollars lmao
 to refresh the point about lungtissue damage vs. mcs  alone  a nonsmoker with no lung damage can be chemically sensitive to cig. smoke.
 but i still smoke them................ 
 me and tim smoke woods in between  our sick appointments we are foul sick children
 dude smokes weed with his grandma for the first ti...  wow granny got some good lungs
 im honestly liable to snap on anyone and everyone until i smoke a fucking blackwood.
 i can convince meg to smoke a 2nd cigarette at any point time  even if its only been 10 minutes  by saying dude did u ever smoke that cig
 bout to get ripppped. havent smoke some quality bud or oil in like 10 days
 the muggles king cannabis cocktails and the mezzrole cocktail | the huffington post 
 ain smoke since last week
 why do people still smoke cigarettes. ya nasties
 my friends wanted to see how their different weed smokes in different wraps amp they decided to use me for the experiment..
 not a smoker  but im ready for todays shoot. bring on the talent. casinos windcreekcasino @ 
 mr atkinson how high is the platform answers his own question saying it depends how much marijuana he smoked
 rather smoke a joint by myself then be around a bunch of drunk people who dont care
 almost been three weeks since ive smoked. 
 lowell smokes 
 the smoke is turning into flames trumprussia impeachtrump theresistance 
 @miamaffia i would love to do a whole session of licking your boots while you smoked and spit on me 
 havent smoked with keshawn and serena in deadass like 2 weeks 
 this old manampi both missed our flights so we went out and chain smoked cigsjust to come back to find out this flights delayed another hour
 ill light this cigarette and smoke the night away
 after about a month of the two jobs  i am digging bouncing from coffee to delivering weed all day. i am pretty happy where i am at...
 already seeing results after 6 days with our weed demonstration in a peach orchard. 
 yet marijuana is illegal .... smh  haveadrinkonme  booze is big business 
 @batt3b @sschnaudt probably get crucified 4this.if we truly followed data. our crews time b better spent installing smoke det than ves trng
 smoke at demo site of tampa tribune. fire trucks on the scene. white hazy smoke in downtown tampa along the riverwa 
 thats a perfect day smoke an listen to yo tape  
 working on a smoked fig vermouth today
 feel weird saying that but its true lmao stanky purrp is rlly moderating weed intake
 @chemtrailcutie it s probably more from smoking weed but no i havent
 designer in my baccwood i smoke to many bags
 a vape  10 dollars  and a day or two of weed. yeah  you finessed him. 
 hey never eat chinese than smoke haha ughh lol
 ibe smoked tf out callin my aunties phone like she gone answer... fahk meng the reality that you gone n not coming back just hit me fkcncr
 no smoke amp mirrors  do you have raw talent like this  hiring clippers inc. barber shop. 78 
 glad both of mine smoke 
 hate seeing old people smoke cigarettes... yuck
 id be 3x crazier if i didnt smoke so much bud. it really keeps me calm. no pun intended.
 @madisonbockley he still did it. he still smoked crack  he still lit a fire regardless of what that fire spread to.
 dont smoke cigarettes or quit while you can. take my advice and you wont hate yourself as much as you would 5 years from now.
 shyla grabbed me by my arm took me in the house for smoke damn cheese   she too smart
 i need some weed out here mayne
 would you still love me without the weed and the drank
 if that is what he says about weed  he has never smoked it. 
 if u have nothing to bake with and hate the taste of weed oil by itself just mix that shit with some peanut butter and spread it on bread
 i have smoke inhalation
 haha no i dont smoke  i kinda do but ill probably die like i almost did 5 years ago
 the fact that people my age still smoke cigarettes baffles me.
 why did i buy a pound of chocolate pretzels and more weed in the same day
 so sickening seeing women smoke while theyre pregnant
 s1076 new relative to energy efficient marijuana cultivation 
 new episodes of my podcast  the last time i smoked  coming soon. catchup on itunessoundcloud 
 imagine how nice everyone would be if they smoked pot. 
 i havent really been smoking weed lately and my dreams have been crrraaazzzyyyyy 
 i almost just died from a tumble weed
 and ive smoked more cigarettes in the past three days than i have my whole life
 i havent smoked in 2 weeks and i have relapsed oh lord 
 wow i havent smoke in over a day i think im dying
 all my niggas geniuses who hate school and smoke weed
 tell drake to throw his free smoke in the garbage 
 today i experienced my first sugar drop at work which wasnt pleasant  but its also two months smoke free for me to today
 my teacher just made an assumption that i smoke a pound a week
 im really sad that im not seeing uicideboy this month at smokers club 
 i hate when people smoke cigarettes around me i literally suffocate
 i havent smoked a cig since sunday 
 i prolly smoked that foo out like 30 times but he was cool peoples and that mf always had a story 
 really hate when im trying smoke and ppl act like having a job more important
 im glad i found a friend with whom i can share cannabis. staylifted
 i walk different  i smoke different  yea i pose different...
 someones smoking some fine reefer right now as were leaving
 next person that smokes a cig in my room is having both of there thumbs broke 
 im confused as to why theres nugs of weed in my fucking fridge lmao.
 im liable to smoke a 100 worth of weed on a good day let along ssteatch a whole 100 for 7 whole days lol
 but being in the army also makes you and alcoholic and a weedhead.
 ain smoked in 7 months amp fucked around and hit a blunt last night amp i been craving it every since
 lmao white people always trying to find a new way to smoke weed 
 i hate choking on the weed
 the fact that i get to be a personal weed connoisseur lmao man..
 i swear ive smoked a lb in a week.
 lately i havent been tryna be around people just some loud music amp weed
 its been 1 month amp 1 week since ive smoked a square. this is a huge accomplishment.
 30 for a gram of weed at venice beach im fucken sick. smh. fml.
 i love the smell of cigarette smoke on people intoxicating
 amp weed n alcohol seems to satisfy us all.
 i wanna sleep so bad ..  i havent in at least a week  i also havent smoked in a week ... hmmm  there it is
 pootie tang  smokey  loc dawg 
  do africans smoke i cant say ive ever seen a african smoking or a pregnant chinese woman.....ever
 where is the damn weed 
 im trynna smoke tonight. i have the next two days off. 
 im really glad i stuck through big little lies. wow. im still shaking from that ending. i think i need a cigarette amp i dont smoke.
 i shouldnt be left around a canister of smoked almonds when im stressed ohthehumanity suchdevastation iregretnothing
 trump planned to legalize medicanal marijuana in his first 100 days in office. yet all i have seen is him being contradicting playing golf..
 on this day we smoked about 13 blunts at one sitting 
 people really be acting like if they dont smoke everyday theyre going to die
 simple..girl scout cookies is a weed strand. they selling 1 gram for 10 in a box and they taxin a extra dollar for 
 besides getting smoked for a good hour an a half today wasnt a bad day.
 just witnessed a girl smoke a whole damn cigarette while pregnant. poor baby inside her smh
 nick and i smoked half a black and mild earlier and i have no idea why 
 this will always bother me. the time romo went to cabo during the off week and got smoked by the giants. wasted a chance they never got back
 margalit just asked eli and i if weve ever smoked weed in front of my mom 
 drinking a dirty boots imperial milk stout by @dutchgirlbrewer @ smokers palace iii   photo
 juliets tryin to get me to go to the damn gym after i just smoked like 90 grams smh
 i just smoked a cig and the whole time i had hiccups so ya pretty much life suxxxxx
 i hate that i smoke cigarettes. 1  im probably going to die. 2  i just bought this pack 2 days ago and its gone. killingmyselfandwasting
 i been doing this for 20 years  i aint not once hear one person weed done killed  so just chill
 this was me making a joke about marijuana but with kale... did ya get it
 crazy how so many people smoke weed and it has so many benefits yet its still illegal and people are still getting thrown in jail for it.
 they live like hippies to me theyre both are amazing people and i like being around them proud hippies proud pot smokers and acid droppers
 i havent smoked in 3 days.... im proud of myself 
 how many of you are bothered by people that smoke weed
 havent smoked in 3 months .. am i even me anymore 
 miami weed different
 highkey wish i never even smoked before
 when your dad who smoked for 45 years and brother who smoked for 6 years finally manage to quit  familywin
 the past 2 weeks ive gotten smoked up almost everyday on multiple blunts and bongs. prob never buying bud again
 who is this pole smoker on tucker
 i try not to judge people  unless you smoke hookah.
 damn years ago there was a point where i use to cop weed and preroll like 7 joints and just spark a j a day life was good and easy back then
 im going to the basement for a smoke tomthomson 
 pence smoked that one too  damn
 i havent smoked since march 20th  
 @zakbagans @baconlv when people ask me if i smoke  i tell them  i dont smoke  im just smoking hot cigarettes 
 its been 2 days i havent smoke thats a record for this month 
 repeat do not smoke with white people they take getting high off of weed to the next level... they fuckin crazy
 yep  i still hate smoked beers....  drinking a mole smoke by @surlybrewing at @dukesalehouse   
 repeat do not smoke with white people they take smoking weed to the next level... they fuckin crazy....... 
 ion think that was too bad tho seeing how i smoke damn near 3x a day
 thanks to the @disneytsum page for a look at some additional cars3 tsumtsum characters jackson storm amp smokey. w 
 isaiah smoked all my damn weed
 the smell of cigarettes smoke is the worst thing ever
 these old people done smoked me out for today 
 damn good smoke 
 they literally smoked a cocaine cigarette peter
 just smoked with a fine ass white man plzzz
 today was the first day i havent smoked for months  i dont even remember 
 so kansas city just passed new laws saying if you get caught with 35gs or less of weed all theyre going to do is hit you with a 25 fine 
 liv smoked so many blunts with me today i died and came back to life
 its funny cause the original caption is about a dude accidentally leaving a weed brownie batch out and his daughte 
 ive never been so impatient waiting for weed
 my lord it is depressing seeing how many times the many destroy the few  am speaking in a broader context than smokes
 i havent drank any pop or smoked today.  wowza
 white people can never just smoke weed like a regular person lmao 
 holy shit ive smoked 10 prerolls so far today.....
 all i wanna do right now is sit on my porch with someone and chain smoke but im alone and quit smoking months ago  wtf
 i just watched a video of some dumbass white kid smoke some bud out of his nostril 
 team smokes too many cigarettes and avoids responsibility 
 3 days marijuana free hardest three days of my fucking life but so worth it
 this is a whole new level of marijuana consumption wow 
 havent smoked in 4 months and i really want a blunt right now 
 i went to a depression support group but then smoked a cig and ate mcds so it all cancelled out
 i havent ate fast food soda or smoked in almost a year dedication right there boy 
 one thing i hate about swishers is you have to break your weed down beforehand or that rello will be stale
 marcus says i still have half a four loko to smoke
 ever since i stopped smoking. i smell weed like a mfing bloodhound.
 tyler fucking compared smoking weed to getting vaccinations earlier and now im just sitting here trying to make th 
 now i know that i cant really work overnights if i dont smoke late cuz i havent smoked since eight and here i am up when im usually sleep.
 been a minute since i smoked
 i would like to smoke a cig i think.
 so yall telling me if i become a public figure but smoke cigarettes and tweet about it... im trynna kill my people tf
 ive been writin my verses without smoking any weed for a month strong im glad whats been comin out
 casually smoked some woods w yase amp gval in the studio
 since i started smoking weed a lot  i dont drink as often 
 just gunna smoke a cig outside.. i cant relax
 dont ever smoke this shit w me  i swear this is strictly the most headass shit i have ever seen in a while. 
 damn near feel like calling bri for some weed but she probably getting some birthday sex rn 
 s1072 new relative to marijuana research  data collection  and best practices 
 just because ive been sober for almost 10 months doesnt make it not hard to wanna drink or smoke...
 @tracybandz @almightyjasso lmao nowadays u just needa smoke a bitch out twice and shes sprung
 sick as hell o smoked my back wood before the show  def was tryna get on the bus n smoke @taylorbennett
 i smoke .5s 
 honestly im just trying to get through this week so i can smoke next week lmao
 ac line voted @mtas most likely to smell like weed any time of day
 why flip burgers when you can sling weed denvers pot boom puts the hurt on local restaurant hiring @alternet 
 lol people actually smoke like this 
 i died @ smoke wit 1882s 
 @nbcdfwweather  genius move on convoy spot.  though @davidfinfrock should have gone full on smokey 
 only cool thing about working retail is having the hangover farts and ripping absolute smoke in crowds of people all day. pretty neat.
 @akmessiah @browningmachine do women really smoke more now
 @thorntonfire one person selfevacuated is being treated for smoke inhalation. fire started at 713a. do not beli 
 havent smoked in 4 months got high yesterday fell asleep mayne 
 found some bomb weed in my grinder from like 2 weeks ago
 oxycodone pink soda sipping on actavis  smoking marijuana
 its so many more ladies that smoke than i wouldve guessed
 lol i only smoke one kind 
 i aint smoke in two days .. wtf
 i only smoke one kind of weed og
 honestly i just want to smoke again
 dont forget i locked @dreezydreezy in a closet amp took her yezzy jacket after we smoked  idkyanyways i woke 
 if i try to motivate myself in the morning if i havent smoked 
 usf is supposed to be a tobacco free campus yet im sitting here getting cigarette smoke blown in my face pleasestop
 nigga gone be the first to die from weed 
 if i smoke one more wood i swear imma boot
 i smoked a whole ounce in five days i have a problem smh
 all dominicans do is smoke hookah
 4.20.17 | 711pm | private smoke club episode 3 | more details on the way | hit me or anyone i 
 four months without smoking weed  i want to fucking die 
 people actually get addicted and suffer withdrawals from coffee and caffeine doesnt happen with weed  
 the tsa now allows people w medical marijuana cards to bring marijuana on planes. this has to be the 1st time ive 
 when he fine and smoke weed
 i hate when someone lights up a cig right next to me amp blows their smoke my way  especially when im eating. 
 god is real and ive never smoked weed in my life
 do people still smoke reggie 
 not smoking weed 
 bro i hate pcwest... who tf smoked a cigarette in the bathroom
 if im in my feelings about someone just give me a blunt. more than likely its bc i havent smoked amp my anxiety has me overthinking lmao 
 we still havent broke in smoke yet 
 wax pens r cool      but i like to roll upp weed .
 large scale smoke plumes are on the horizon.. be ready vfx 
 i say i love hemp milk and all of the sudden people promoting weed start following me to clarify im not  tryna get high just be healthy
 its 2017 and clemson still hasnt figured out that black people arent the only ones who smoke weed 
 going home to smoke and relax . 
 i should not have smoked before class lmao
 i have so much to do today but first i must smoke weed
 i hate any type of smoke man. its so irritating
 i havent smoked yet today
 fort wayne the most boring city ever  a nigga who smokes tree all day while sitting in a trap house 20 hours a day
 i havent smoked today yet whats wrong with me
 anyways who tryna take this road trip with me up michigan this month  only me an weed so far 
 @jaybusselle a2 it is far too easy to get caught up in the weeds. far better to focus on intended results versus t 
 @pastorbones @catalinapby1 dumb thugs died their own fault break into a house get smoked
 quinoa  spinach  cucumber  sunflower seed kernels  hemp seeds  balsamic vinegar  olive oil. lunch iswearimnotvegan
 when you waiting for the weed man and he say 10mins and that turns into an hour smh
 i smoke to relax my mind
 craziness. been about 2 12 years since i smoked a cigarette. pretty fucking wild business
 i aint rolled a blunt all day this weed oil pen is lit
 im just tryin to smoke yet th feds are raiding a house by the tracks 
 smh woke up to my homies getting mad at 2k and my homegirl coming in to smoke
 @mightyocd and one kind of weed
 grilled octo  paprika  meyer lemon  smoke salt  yeah  thatll work  
 can see a hole in the roof. smell of smoke is thick. homeowner is on scene  in fact pulled up with our crew @cbs6 
 what kind you smoke 
 damn you got baby lungs. but idk... someone told me it was like a week or two if you smoke once a week. 
 sometimes i feel alone in regards to have never smoked and never drank. who else out there has never justsayno
 i havent smoked a pack of cigarettes in like 2 months but the lord is testing me today
 fire prevention unit work includes community engagement and smoke detector installation. call @philly311 if you nee 
 cam newton and weed 
 that burp where it taste like half w you just ate amp half weed 
 hey... i was doing just fine before i met you  i smoke a lot of meth and thats the issue and i need help
 he gets 5 years probation for some crazy charges but i get 5 years probation for a little weed smh 
 got some neat friends growing back here. theyre weeds probably but theyre still neat and friends 
 sartre foucault seems cool enough  but i dont care. time to smoke. 
 imagine mixing weed and really healthy juice makes you super fucked up lmao
 the tsa accidentally listed marijuana as an item you could bring on a plane.  
 woman in row in front of me is drunk and angry she cant smoke while we wai on tarmac. florida
 update since the smoke keeps getting in my nose i keep sneezing amp that isnt help because guess what i still havent gone pee 
 i see so many people in other countries smoking like chain smokers  but i never hear of their suffering...odd. 
 for all of you who smoke cigarettes.  
 ive never smoke a hookah ... guess they just not for me 
 my job is so stressful that my new manager just bought a pack of cigs for the first time in 5 years and hasnt smoke since
 that new smokepurpp x riff raff song is straight heat
 i havent smoked all day   and then u try to throw me attitude nigga got me bent 
 day 9 with no weed   
 @joerogan   listen to loud lord x dj smokey feat. shannon briggs | letsgochamp by loud lord np on soundcloud 
 damn i just smoked but i already want another blunt
 the smokehouse burger was great @ double dogs in louisville  ky 
 damn all that weed going to waste i would keep some if i were the cop making the bust wow 
 jobs shouldnt denie you because you smoke weed  its just like smoking a fucken cigarette
 lord knows i need to smoke so bad i havent relaxed my nerves since 700 this morning
 i need a okay  but can we smoke first kinda girl
 okay but not everybody wants to smell cigarette smoke either. and i personally think weed smoke is better than cig 
 super happy face because i havent smoked a cigarette in one whole year.  
 i needed this anyway  i havent left my place in a week. literally. like i have not even stepped outside except to smoke.
 if anyone really thinks a call of duty movie is going to do well in theaters then they have clearly been buying too many weed skins for guns
 i smoke two joints before i smoke two joints and then i smoke two more
 a person of words and not of deeds is like a garden full of weeds chinese proverb
 i think i smoked myself retarded
 that pepsi commercial musta been created by some stupid uneducated people who used to buy oregano thinking it was weed for 25 a gram
 really really hate when ppl smoke outside my window  im getting secondhand smoke just sitting in my bed 
 i havent smoked since sunday  and i feel like i deserve the fattest you could possible think of
 if u dont drink or smoke thats fuckin cool for you but you arent better than anyone bc of it
 all the weed is still at the house we were in ln..
 new dish... corned beef tongue | tuna aoli | smoked mushrooms | watermelon radish rinodenver 
 people who smoke cigarettes around me annoy me so much ugh
 theyre denying people of their right to smoke a god given herb by two god damn votes
 theyre denying people of their right to smoke a god given herb by two god damn votes
 soo proud i havent smoked today 
   you kool  amp stay smoked tf out  faxts 
 since im sick  i cancelled on weed. how sad is that
 @estelagarcia16 and the icing to this cake is that theyre smoking weed while playing 
 im really going smoke your boots 
 @jay831 its okay smoke a cig.. its like stabbing me on the back anyways no worries
 when your bud guy says dont smoke yet i got a present for you 
 all ya dominicans do is smoke hookah and cheat.
 i stg theres always someone smoking weed in the bridgeport parking garage. sharingiscaring
 different weed
 havent smoked bud in 3 days and lost 5lbs im seriously torn right now 
 im at 420 in persona5  and i still havent found the local weed dealer in tokyo.  disappointed.
 dont be weed pullers. be seed throwers.
 how could you tell him youd wait to eat knowing we just smoked you are so inconsiderate 
 now that i have calmed down aka smoked i would like to apologize to anyone who caught this attitude today 
 s1079 new relative to the diversity of the cannabis control commission 
 hi friends  like our smoke free fort worth facebook page 
 celtics getting smoked  my lord
 i dont smoke  but this seems like one of those times people feel like enjoying a cig right 
 i havent been able to smoke weed in 4 years fml
 havent been out of bud to smoke in a minute but with how todays going   im not surprised.
 i havent smoked all day im going crazy 
 im jus not understanding why i gotta smoke the living hell out this person 
 is this weed or a damn insect . 
 taught myself self control and discipline i will never smoke another cigarette done with that 
 im looking back pictures from when i went to amsterdam. my system probably still isnt clean from how much we smoked 
 so why havent we smoked a blunt in forever
 @alaskanillusion @tzbauknight again with illusion. people with schizophrenia can see smoke doesnt mean theres a 
 where can i find hemp milk 
 @richsommer arent you a heavy smoker yourself how can you smell other smoke
 i hate when my friends smoke cigs because i get stuck sitting all by myself like a loser while theyre outside smoking.
 its making me sad thinking about how long i havent smoked 
 my eyes have been redish all day been it got 10x worst after i smoked
 my eyes have been redish all day but they have gotten 10x worst since i smoked
 fuck soy milk  fuck rice milk  fuck almond milk. it is all about the hemp milk
 this is why i hate the internet. no way were you 9 or fucking 6 when you smoked pot for the first time. foh  
 people think theyre cool cause their tolerance for weed is high 
 how much wood would a wood chuck smoke if a wood chuck could smoke woods
 i get asked if im high 40x a day  but i dont ever smoke
 pretty proud to say im 19 yrs old  went through all of high school  amp i have never smoked weed a day in my life  stayed true to my beliefs
 this dude dj vlad didnt know eminem was on the up in smoke tour smh 
 i havent smoked in almost two weeks i think i need a joint 
 how ironic that i smoked today and it turned out to be such a damn good day
 people who dont support total legalization of marijuana why
 nah i havent smoked in 12 days im sober as shit lol 
 i dont see myself smoking weed again honestly. just need a way for me to relax tho  ive been on edge and im sure yall can tell lol
 significant improvement on 6.x. still a peat bomb  but less smoke than previous years spiced plum  caraway seed  c 
 do you really think i cant smell the weed under your perfume  touch mom touch
 panchos smoked ass really told me to walk to davis on friday... ummm i think tf not
 he literally came up to my car and asked if i wanted to smoke lmfao
 ive smoked like 8 and drank.
 chad and i went to the museum  got tacos saw a movie and smoked blunts if we arent goals i mean
 .@jeezy like to drink. jeezy like to smoke. 
 one of my life goals is to smoke a blunt on the top of half dome in yosemite. i know ive lived once ive done that.
 @shogunoflive flash seems like he will still do good. annoy people with his new smoke bf21 looking special and get 
 .@jeezy like to drink  jeezy like to smoke. jeezy like to mix arm and hammer with his coke. 
 @medmarijuana ive been battling with anxiety for years i live in florida and am sick of drugs xanax lexapro etc i need medical marijuana
 @mixtontraxwell honestly just peanut butter so far and ive smoked a lot of pot in my day
 bb smoke sold by galeriebarrouplanquart at aaf new york.   affordableartfairnyc 
 early morning fire on tivoli court in the fountains development  smoke from 2nd floor on arrival  @pbcfr crews still on location
 i swear bruh ive never been out smoked
 still havent went to sleep yet. just gonnna smoke this blunt and chill smh
 .@nypost this guy smoked cigs for years and hes almost 107 amazing. ha xoxox.
 how many blunts have you smoked 
 mogs mad as hell he doesnt hit women  smoke weed or get dwis lmaoo smh 
 two months smoke free
 i fuckign hate being alone. i fucking hate having no weed. i hate my wellbeing being the last of everyones concerns
 just realized the reason i havent ate in three days is cause i havent smoked all week
 @amerihealthnj you know youll be covering my medical cannabis one day  right bffs thanksinadvance
 we dont it anymore but its a bakers balance scale like the one you use at home to weigh your marijuana on. chef murphy
 first of all this is beyond disgusting. and allegedly its over a dime  10 worth of weed  1 spliff. like he sounds 
 you can always find the people that light there cigarette with another cigarette that they just smoked at the gas station
 at 11am  christy amp mark zartler answer your qs about using marijuana illegally to treat autistic daughter @ fb live 
 @willscroggs @jcann311 damn smoked out
 i smoke meth 
 im smoking the best weed u smoking the next weed
 dawg we smoked ah whole 14 yesterday smh
 i seriously hate when people smoke around me bc it makes my hair stink 
 634am im blazing amp some dude ive never seen in my life casually comes downstairs amp introduces himself..  what the fuck did i just smoke
 yall...arent they gorgeous carrot cake  sprinkles  smoked sausage  blueberry  fresh lemon 
 you are so wrong sessions medical marijuana helps a lot of people deal with pain theyre not bad people they are ju 
 for years and years people always say to me. you smoke blackandmilds thats worst its like 
 to try to get me fired from a job because i smoke legal weed in massachusetts is what baffles me nice try though
 she say she never smoked i turned her into a stoner
 my birthday in 6 days so if yall love me you will either smoke me out or buy me some 65 pound power pro either way
 you got a cigarette smokers body posture 
 i used to look down on people who smoked or did drugs...wow...so much had changed since then lol.
 my throat is sore as fuck. am i getting sick do i smoke too many blunts the world may never know.
 thehila hemp booth at the 4th annual noco hemp expo with 
 i havent smoked in over 2 weeks lmao my lungs are crying
 @gluntofficial smh might as well smoke crack
 i had a stupid raghead pulling a reefer cut me off right in front of a chp. he did absolutely nothing. most worthless bunch ive ever seen.
 its 2 kinds of people is this world. newports amp lighters. either smoke or get smoked duragadvice 
 @opieradio best quote with ever she sounds like shes chewed dicks and smoked cigarettes for years.
 maaan how tf you smoke a whole qp in 5 days 
 why do people who smoke weed fixate on getting people who dont smoke weed super high lol
 havent smoked in 2 days
 but people who get high in the offseason are suspended for over a year.. alcohol kills people  weed chills people c 
 i havent smoked all day yesterday.. thats good but then its bad .
 like i only smoke weed idk wtf other people on 
 lackey getting smoked stlcards
 people that kiss ur ass just to get smoked up 
 throwback to miami music week  @harryromeroofficial amp @djjoeski get surprised by the smoke   
 i aint smoked in almost 2 month   this shit brazy
 lol at that time i smoked a cig backwards @mttgarcia74
 i wish people were decent enough to not smoke cigarettes in public spaces
 ive quit smoking weed for good and im so proud of myself
 understanding what matters most when youre in the weeds  from the perspective of the people who are most knowledgeable. r2s ptsafety
 so dolphins can get high on puffer fish but marijuana is illegal
 billy paynes words on @arnoldpalmer theking were amazing. seeing @garyplayer with a tear in his eyes smoked me themasters magic legend
 inhale smoke and gaze at the skyline. it still amazes me to this day that i can say i have lived 
 i quit smokin weed today. who thinks i can last a month
 when you live in a white neighborhood surrounded by old people and have no one to smoke with 
 jus smoked a meth blunt uwu 
 you know how in cartoons theyll have the smoke coming out of their ears when theyre angry yeah thats been me the pst two days
 you know how in cartoons theyll have the smoke coming out of their ears when theyre angry thats me that past two days
 2.5pound smoked turkey leg waltdisneyworld. yum. . . . foodstagram foodpics foodporn foodie 
 me complains about money  also me sustains self on a diet of overpriced almond butter packets and smoked salmon canap
 drinking @wickedweedbeer with karen lowesfoods wicked weed draft in a grocery store wow. 
 @artdecoxxx her weed so trash her dealer sells it to her in a garbage bag. lmaoooo
 if i smoked  i would be driving around smoking dope right now  goodweather
 i smoked at 6 am and im still in the clouds lol
 i love weed and hate advice
 havent smoked a cigarette in a while but damn do i need one
 i just ate half of a pizza and a boatload of leftover smokey bones. someone control me 
 i havent smoked in 5 days  lol
 i got iss for smoke a cigarette while leaving school lofl
 havent bought weed in like 2 years...
 if yall havent smoke a fat ass blunt and then after she ate the soul food out your pussy you aint living right
 french montana has been the rebound dude in all his recent relationship amp no one ever claims him. smoke a spliff and then they vanish
 i wouldve smoked her idc 
 i love skulls flowers floral nature cannabis hemp vegan amp pitbull s @ sonoma hemp 
 i smoked and feel alot better about today make it a great one
 i took some fucking dabs  smoked 2 blunts amp shared one lol  took an edible  amp then i still have nerve to smoke a backwood @ home. lmfao
 we should smoke while we fuck i hate you 
 i just took a benadryl and smoked the bong  goodnight
 im salty i left my lunch at home  but i didnt forget my weed lol. my priorities are on point lol.
 i feel like ive drifted  i feel different  i feel gifted  ive been high so long dont need to smoke to get lifted
 i havent smoked or eaten all day 
 artists id be ok with dying in a fiery plane crash  1. childish gambino 2. adele 3. ellie goulding 4. chain smokers 5. porter or madeon
 my bf is smoking weed for the first time ever today and im so nervous 
 i smoke blunts and rock designer in all my pictures.
 i find it laughable when people get in arguments with me about the negative effects of smoking weed
 hate buying weed amp my package aint coming til saturday 
 my hands smell like weed and all ive done is touch the ground in the cohs hallway
   smoked with u for your first time ever  lmao my nigga
 of youve never smoked in the shower i highly recommend it
 i love when i leave matthew with my phone and he tells the ib chat that we should all smoke tugas this weekend... smh
 the only kind i can smoke is wood tip wine
 i swear the high you get from eating weed is so different from the high when you smoke it. stoner stonernation
 i will never smoke weed
 @robmore @dilletaunt smh....at least its just weed lol. the pnly plus about the situation is he wont get to kill silva in brazil lol
 let people smoke weed like damn 
 damn i used to be addicted to lean like a year ago  all my joints got wet up before i smoked 
 just smoked a fat ass blunt wrap in wax.... im stuck
 delta really got me so agg im about to smoke a cig for the first time in weeks
 its 2017... i do not understand how people still smoke cigarettes.
 in my first year of college  i have done one speech  one group project  and one paper about weed. more great things to come.
 time to relax and smoke a bowl
 if it aint marijuana mannnnn you tripping 
 complete garbage when are they going to stop punishing fighters for marijuana. ufc mma 
 lil throwback and happy birthday to this fine lil mama love you babes and you better smoke woods on woods  
 ive abused weed far too much in my life lol
 i need like a million dollars for weed amp a billion dollars for new clothes amp shoes 
 i havent smoked a cigarette in two days and im ready to kill.
 lastnight i smoked a blunt with my uncle and its been almost 3 years since i last have
 as the smoke clears i awaken and untangle you from me 
 havent smoked ina min 
 i hate seeing people smoke in nice vehicles ugh
 thank you @clrchoicewinfl april is the best time to remove dead flowers  weed frequently  and 
 thank you @clrchoicewinfl april is the best time to remove dead flowers  weed frequently  and 
 ive been smoke free for 0 years  0 months  14 days  8   changing for the better 
 how do people smoke cigarettes i will forever not understand.
 florida police woman smoked crack moments before giving birth  hid baby in backyard. 
 why is it so shocking when people find out ive never smoked anything before
 last time i smoked a spliff was jr year in high school haha
 ive been smoking weed for a year now.. this month will make it a year.
 got smoked by ohs like ive failed as a human
 i used to smoke hella blunts a day  now it takes a week to finish two. so im getting there
 im about to smoke one. thats the perfect kind of medication
 i smoked 4 cigs in 2 days and my skin already looks like trash lmao
 @exjon i suspect that these people moved on from marijuana long  long ago.
 class activity was everyone name a different kind of bowl.......... 2nd answer was weed bowl... every1 laughed bc that was there answer smh
 stop asking me to buy some purp  i smoked that sht for two weeks two week ago yall late 
 my life is weeding out all the irrelevant people and its pretty great
 knew these bitches that smoked weed the whole pregnancy 
 @bellarosemand86 @zoombouse @joegridingteeth @debramessing smoking weed again pot head 
 well since i stopped smoking weed  my friends dont wanna hangout anymore... interesting
 @dloww02 dang i just smoked one and its not even my birthday but i wanna like the icing off..
 havent smoked weed in two months cuz i was on probie and couldnt. i can smoke again finally praise jah
 dexters dj got arrested lastnight for weed 
 @cmurray36 dawg i smoked some good good and knocked tf out b
 id like to apply for a marijuana license soon... 
 178 years.... still no deaths caused by marijuana... anywhere 
 i love my work because everyone dresses like j crew mannequins and smoke cigarettes every 5 minutes whether theyre inside or outside.
 good thing i havent smoked in days. im quitting  
 i aint smoked since sunday. thats how you know a nigga really sick asf
 i wish we got paid to be smoke  wed be millionaires 
 people are probably thinking of weed that isnt taxed because its illegal so shut up feminists. you have no leg to stand on
 i aint smoked a cigarette in a lil minnn
 the burn is complete but smoke may still be in the area for the next couple hours. @ncforestservice  
 toasted hemp seeds are my new thing. amazingly nutritious and amazing tasting.
 why do people smoke cigarettes lmk
 aint smoked in 2 days amp its really getting to me 
 wheres there smoke... ive been away for a couple of days not by choice. im back now.. its 
 bodegastrike  but where will people in el barrio get their overpriced food items and their bath salts to smoke
 im in denver  and all i wanted in the world was a weed cocktail. turns out its illegal.  
 steve miller 1976 first time i saw people smoking weed too. 
 i dont use cannabis  but ive seen it used in some films 
 reads in the tune of smoke two joints by sublime 
 why is the most dangerous thing about weed is getting caught with it
 2017 is the year i make my lifelong dream of growing weed in my basement a reality
 i havent smoked a cigarette in like three days and i think i might try to stick to it this time
 we all smoke its okay  read the fine print on the malia shirt 
 havent smoked all day   this first blunt about to be great
 we all smoke  its okay   the fine print on malia 
 i stopped smoking weed 
 @suzannador20 they never run out of smokes like people on our bb @thejayroy 
 @lukasmikelionis damn smoked
 i hate it when people smoke cigarettes around me.
 so many edibles. wax pens. vapes. drinks. chips. dabs. marijuana is not a leafy green substance anymore. asca17 
 how i feel when people smoke cigarettes around me 
 im so high and i didnt smoke yet
 what i feel like doing when people smoke cigarettes around me 
 i hate a nigga that smoke and be with they guys all day 
 wish i still smoked like i used to cause i could go for a fat ass dutch
 people who smoke cigarettes are so tryfolin
 so many blunts  i hate being around people smokin weed  now my weave finna smell like weed 
 only perks of a navy chick is she wont smoke.
 ...and another 800 in wpial rifle hempfield defeated penn trafford @warriorrifle 80065x  79038x on 13117
 pint of lean  pound of weed  and a kilo i upgrade your baby mama to a condo like chapo servin yayo to the gringos
 @floresfabian401 no shit but i havent smoked a blunt in forever tbh
 so far i havent smoked at all today and been hella productive 
 i think matthew should first embrace the idea that no good people smoke marijuana. 
 been a while since i smoked someone in the truck
 10am4pm shift at in and out  half hour smoke break  5pm10pm shift at sketchers
 at 84 years old  loretta lynn just smoked weed for the very first time 
 so it took me 22 years to actually see a oscar meyer wiener hotdog truck in real life got hype  fa no reasongood reefer
 havent smoked all day.
 professor going off about how much weed he smoked in high school smh
 fight of the week regian eersel smokes smokin jo nattawut at @lionfight 29  mma @patmiletich @scottlfp axstv
 i havent smoked a cigarette in 24 hours. maybe i should keep this going.
 the only kind of flowers i want for valentines day is marijuana.
 @jjpford @sethrogen i have one and i smoke pot. trick is to buy one years before pot was an issue. like i did 
 yall believe me if i said its been 20 days since ive smoked
 flowers cant grow when theyre surrounded by weeds.
 havent smoked in like 10 years might do that tomorrow as well
 @mancsel im a pot smoker  and id like to say i take pride in personal hygiene
 ill probably smoke my weight in bud but ill never resort to that
 worst thing about parents that smoke in the house is smelling like a pack of cigarettes when ive never smoked a day in my life 
 seeing people smoke marijuana in public make me happy 
 ive never smoked weed before
 hunter weedin has caught fire 7 points in the second quarter shs leads 2720 213 remaining first half
 eventful day today.  filed my taxes  smoked a blunt  shit a little.  time to relax lmfao 
 will never understand people who smoke.
 i hate when ppl are stinking smelling like smoke 
 havent smoked in foreverrrr  proud asf but its boring being sober
 tonights special seared duck breast  butter poached celery root  smoked cauliflower  sauted 
 and why you never love me when i need  ive been tryna cope im getting weed.
 the chicken alfredo got weed in it....wow. newlevel
 this month is 7 years smokefree for me 
 @yolitzyy @lulemunkey havent smoked since last night smh 
 when you smoke some of the devils lettuce and remember you have leftover lasagna at home 
 how are there still people that think its socially acceptable to blow cigarette smoke in peoples faces as they walk down the street
 permanently smoked out after leaving oakland
 i hate when the weed man doesnt answer like tf its ur job
 i think im going to get a major for rolling weed  @trevyy24
 i just got 4 old people to smoke hookah at the bar and ive never felt more accomplished in my life
 you may find dandelions pretty but remember they are still weeds.
 i real life havent smoked in like 3 days ran out amp now all my plugs caught feelings and wont sell to me 
 ive smoked 3 cigarettes and it doesnt compare to a wap
 i hate how some people make me look like such a bad person because i smoke weed
 wouldve been spliff time but ion smoke no more
 one of those days that i just wanted to smoke and cuddle
 @brianarose i probably smoked after i tweeted that 
 sense 8. some of anarchy. the following. weeds. friday night lights. bates motel. 
 ive smoked my last cigarette at least a thousand times i bet  ill keep quittin til it sticks
 everyone say they smoke backwoods but i be seeing to many of those berry fusion wrappers on the floor
 i hate when people ask me eww you smoke cigarettes  well lets see here duh bitch what it look like im smoking 
 im so sick im just going to lay in bed and smoke blunts all day tmrw  sumbody join  like this 
 ever since i weeded out what was making me angry and negative god has been blessing me ive been so chill and happy lately
 @ginydapig @8rosariosanchez  wow  wtf do you smoke
 which one smoke better 
 somehow all three of the ppl i bummed ciggys off of today all smoked camel crush but im trying to not die
 the smoke alien rainbow kit is here isnt she pretty   | smok | smokalienkit | smokalien | 
 some people smoke bowls  some people get botox. i prefer to plunge face first into a steaming bowl of pork cheek su 
 anxietyin5words my weed dealer ran out.
 thats a year supply of weed
 i dead ass havent smoked since tuesday 
 @trvwll first smoke since the fire. lets do this. 
 i havent smoked a cig in a week n a half. been very proud but im about to fucking smoke a cig and some fucking weed after tonight fuck dis
 havent bought weed in over a month i feel proud of myself 
 i hate when smoke get in my eye while im smoking like damn 
 i smoked today.  its been a year.  i threw up.  never doing it again.
 @byyourlogic @housetrotter smoking weed in someones civic to mixtapes that had a dj shouting the empire in the midwest is a life highlight
 i smoked too many cigarettes and now feel like shit will be the title of my autobiography
 tucker smoked that sierra club dude. smack down. 
 @boatss smoke a cannabis pot marijuana cigarette
 if i see one more damn hookah pipe being smoked tonight so god help me lol
 havent smoked in 4 weeks  gonna pass this drug test with flying colors 
 3 days without weed and all im doing is replacing it with pills smh
 its been a whole month since i last smoked and now that i took a hit  i feel so relaxed
 why did my patient think it was ok to smoke a cig in her bathroom lmk
 ive been wanting to smoke amp drink for a really long time
 for the first time this week im off work on time and i have enough energy to smoke my hookah tonight. finally sometime to relax.
 you really dont understand how disgusting cig smoke is until youre a nonsmoker. ugh.
 bless tf up for marijuana
 ive known derrick basically my whole life and i still havent smoked with this mf  what a simp.
 anxietyin5words but republicans usually hate weed......
 when u havent smoked in 3 weeks and u finally smoke a blunt 
 the smoke converges creating a trifecta of joint smoking power
 when u havent smoked in 3 weeks and u finally smoke a blunt 
 this is @realistreid after smoking two marijuanas 
 why did i think i was cool sophomore year because i smoked reggie at the park lmao
 when you smoke a pound blunt 
 this man making me snifff all his diff kinds of weed
 my mom smokes reggie
 damn i hate being sober  im a smoker
 i havent smoked the last couple days bc im trying to quit but its tempting when youre bored and theres nothing to do 
 vent. vibe. smoke. relax.
 my parents gave one of their employees an edible and hes never even smoked weed before 
 i havent smoked in forever
 its weird i havent smoked in about 4 months 
 wow i love this so much. malia one says we all smoke its okay iconic 
 mom says im an old soul and i oft wonder if its because she caught me smoking weed at 12 or if its because i have no gf
 i was just tryin to get mcds and smoke a wood and it started nowing
 @flightlifemars usually theyre broke with no weed
 your favorite artist smokes cigarettes  cant relate
 the people that smoke them are. 
 today i purchased a coffin and i havent even died yet. smoked about 10 blunts and i aint even high yet
 today i purchased a coffin and i aint even die yet smoked about 100 blunts and i aint even high yet
 i havent smoked a blunt in so long like it just sounds so great rn
 people never believe me when i say i never smoked lol
 im weak... smokey just said idk why i was talking to that half bird half cat
 i havent smoked a blunt in a week 
 whose tryna smoke some meth 
 i havent smoked a wood in over 24 hours. i feel myself breakin apart
 lol this is what happens when i start smoking weed again after a two month hiatus waxpoetic
 wow  there really was a time when @mlb allowed players to smoke  cigarettes in a dugout 
 so dead i couldnt even smoke the spliff smh
 i havent drank  smoked  gambled talked to a girl in weeks and its been the most productive weeks of my life.
 tint man tinted this x6 with llumar ceramic ctx 50 tint on top of the factory smoked rear windows to equal 15. 
 tint man tinted this x6 with llumar ceramic ctx 50 tint on top of the factory smoked rear 
 tint man tinted this x6 with llumar ceramic ctx 50 tint on top of the factory smoked rear windows to equal 15. 
 tint man tinted this x6 with llumar ceramic ctx 50 tint on top of the factory smoked rear 
 glad i stopped smoking weed. my appetite coming back
 when youre barley 15  theres no need to smoke week and get high 247  live your life as a child and enjoy it while you can. sheesh 
 dead about to smoke before going to meet this probation officer..fuck them people cuz
 i went out last night and didnt smoke one cigarette em route to miami.
 cant smoke mid   we smoking jet fuel 
 when you smoke after you eat amp its as if you never ate.. lt
 she choke on it like smoke dawg
 woah you wear socks with weed on them im v impressed 
 dawg my roommate smoke like 10 a day 
 lifes never been better since i discovered marijuana pot cannabis 
 today is my final day smoking weed  i am truly hurt by this but i will be fine
 i smoke more than drug dealers 
 lol no bitch im a genius i smoke to be slow 
 andrews takin me on a smoke ride first thing this morning bless 
 okay well me and maya smoked like 90 worth of weed in like 2 days and im pissed
 i smoke your kind of cigarettes to remember what your kiss tastes like.
 i got high for the first time two days ago.. amp the next day i smoked 4 times...wtf is going on
 i really question people who smoke flavored blunts 
 lmao im always tryna smoke everyone out cus i hate smoking alone at times
 at 18  i can enlist  but i cant smoke or drink as i go down in a ball of flames   my drug dealer never cards me. 
 ive only smoked like 23 blunts last 2 weeks.... cant wait till i have a vicious smoke sesh ima be so damn high
 still aint smoked no weed im doing good 
 y by a gram a day when u can buy a half and smoke for two weeks 
 if yall are going continuously smoke on snapchat make sure the blunt is filled. im getting tired of seeing these .23s
 @bleacherreport shaq wouldve smoked him
 ima have anxiety all day today until my mom find out i took her weed
 i wish candace knew how to answer a fucking text so i dont have to smoke alone lol
 i havent smoked in like 2 months and i kinda want to smoke but kinda dont 
 i smoked weed out chocolate dutches i think thats why i could smoke a black and mild
 texas needs some weed and to chill tf out smh 
 swear i have the worst eyebags today i look like i just smoked 5 bowls imexhausted
 people that smoke cigarettes are the most inconsiderate people on this planet. you dont freshen your breath or bo  and the smoke is evrywhr
 this nigga talm bout how you from chicago and aint smoked wax. im like what
 @nevermypres medical marijuana has changed my life for the better. resistance is patriotic.
 bunch of smoke  tobacco and some chocolate  no real coffee. two week... double bean dream  photo
 yooooo like why you already make chicken off that wack ass weed you be selling why be extra amp have half the city hate you 
 i dont think youre applying yourself smokeeeeeeyyyy
 my new homebrew might be my best yet. oatmeal stout with maris otter base and a quarter pound of smoked malt.
 6 days weed free. proud of myself 
 ive seen the prettiest weed smoke like shit  appearances doesnt move me
 i just be like ur right i smoke reggie and drink four lokos
 my aunt friend just died in georgia cause some one laced her weed smh
 dis like 8th time this year this happen  in georgia so all my people who like to smoke in the atl before careful
 some fucking retard almost just smoked the fuck outta me. wouldve been nice knowing all yall 
 got out of chem at 1245. smoked. then went to fys by 100. groundbreaking 
 natalie said fuck i havent ate breakfast.......but i smoked already smh   lol bro
 natalie said fuck i havent ate breakfast.......but i smoked already   lol bro 
 @danamoonme probably dildos and weed.
 you know everythings aight when u havent smoked a resin bowl or a roach blunt in yearsssss
 i dont ever smoke but every time i hangout with yvette and maddie these bitches be having me smoke 5 blunts. smh 
 dotd is the smoke up with mezcal  cynar  lemon  agave... a riff on one of our most popular menu drinks  the choke 
 havent smoked all day ... going thru
 i dont smoke but ive definitely seen my cousin do this hella times 
 @iusecondoms @flyoutchase he does lmao  he hates weed 
 @bbqsnob no different than smoked peach cobbler or smoked brownies
 its friday so i have to smoke padron 40 years. cigaroftheday 
 @mariakatleba why are people inconsiderate no one wants to get second hand smoke cancer  omg
 need. weed. been a whole 2 days. haha.
 cashier do you smoke ur cigarillos regularly or chop them up and fill with something else me 
 i been here for a month and only smoked cali weed once lmao everybody got me fucked up
 yeah  im so sure a fucking partially eaten piece of marijuana candy is what made this psychopath kill his wife.. s 
 does a dozen smoked chicken wings  and a big glass of sweet tea for my cheatmeal sound okay it better  since that 
 i used to get high every day. but since i been with mal ive only smoked like 3x lol
 @kenzielynncrowe jose cuervo gave me like a bowl im cleaning so i havent smoked yet 
 @rosenbergradio @realmichaelkay would michael turn in jodi if he caught her smoking weed
 why do people smoke cigarettes  
 @paidfamray  you only gone smoke 1 wood head ass
 i hate people that smoke 
 i hate people that smoke 
 smh ready to smoke
 drinking a high brow barista by @platformbeers @ sublime smoke  
 dude giving a presentation in class has frosted tips and spelled marijuana marihauna
 i havent smoked as much as before  and i be more energetic and could smell a lot better
 never smoked  exercised harder than just about anyonediet caught up to me in my 40s 
 i told my grandma i smoke and all she said was at least its not meth honey  im proud of you
 shower then smoke or smoke then shower...biggest decision ive had to make today
 get your weekend started off with some bbq from smokeboss60 of backyard catering. if you havent 
 some people just look like they smoke cigarettes 
 i havent smoked all day bro
 jesus i fucking hate smoking weed but i fckin love it
 confuses me that people still smoke cigarettes in 2017
 i like my days off because after i do a shit ton of homework i can relax and smoke and watch some netflix
 my dads now 43 and has smoked since he was 13. but tomorrow will mark a week of no cigarettes. 
 @loudpunklib666 @coulsonjason @atruejoker if you read you see that i said ive been smoking weed on amp off since late 70s
 going to my boys crib to smoke hookah before the soccer game maybe drink a beer and relax
 @joydeeya hemp oil would be really great try ive never tried either
 one of my favorite customers enjoying our smoked chicken yummybarbecue 
 i ned the 20th to hurry tf up i need this smoke out badly
 when your mom smokes hookah with you for the first time gt
 scallups in a lemon butter cajun sauce  now im gonna smoke some weed  i cleaned ugh im sitting downno one talk to me im never alone
 gulf coast chili smoked pork shoulder  seared catfish  boiled crab and lima beans  with many 
 cali twice in a month all we do is smoke  blunts  
 you would be shocked as to how many people are smoking marijuana at this lumineers concert right now
 anyone ever have those damn shoulda just smoked moments
 haha tattoo artist jus told me i can smoke blunts in the shop when im gettin done next friday 
 i only smoke when i got a headache or when i am exhausted. a long day calls for a cigarette
 damn i hate being sober...  im a smoker...
 its about to be 10pm and i have yet to smoke today  weird
 i just smoked a spliff and im walking around dollar tree so ya im having a hot ass friday night
 man  i havent smoked in ages.
 crews being released from scene. two crews remaining for smoke removal and investigation ed
 @gothlaw and like a good fire so that they die from burns or hypovolemia  not some bullshit where they die of smoke inhalation.
 since painkillers kills 10 000 people a year why dont we swap it out for marijuana 
 havent smoked in weeks my motivation so turnt up now to quit drinking
 you cant smoke with us  smoke 7grams a day  when its plugged its good
 this nigga chris smoke two blunts and be knock the fuck out smh lightweight 
 they only fucking with you because you got money and weed  remember who tf was down
 see i think america failed. it is 20x easier to get weed then it is cigars or cigarettes
 @xxxbellarose wow smoken hot body sweetie
 @gassiuscleigh @tyleriam you one of them dudes that thinks theyre invincible. go smoke crack everyday breakfasr lunch dinner. you will die
 i havent smoked in over a year n i really want to just high right now 
 i havent smoked weed consistently in a month i dont sleep the same anymore.im use to fallingy in a black hole for 8 hours and getting up
 i feel like a half smoked cigarette. ina17
 ash and i deserve one clear sky night to smoke and star gaze wtf
 @meghanmccain the rinodino thing weeds out those in the middle who want to do work and leaves left amp right wingnuts who just posture on tv.
 whatever weed i was smoking lastnight im never smoking again  i was having an out of body experience 
 havent smoked a black in like 2wks
 me amp my dad biggest clash growing up was my use of smoking weed amp we finally share our first spliff tonight.. wow dawg.
 first friday of the month. its smoke and dick day
 first thing is first i have to smoke 1 rn
 15 months ago today my lung collapsed. 15 months ago i smoked my last cigarette blessingindisguise takenothing4granted lovelife blessed
 i only smoked one blunt today which is like a really good for me
  im smoking weed tomorrow  wtf thats fucking low
 never have anyone to smoke with lol
 you can smoke cigarettes in bars here 
 went climbing today. climbed some cracks  and watched some people smoke crack its was a successful day
 he got smoked first two rounds easy
 havent smoked a wood to the neck in a minute  dumb loaded
 ive been moody all day and i just smoked a blunt and wow....what was wrong with me in the first place
 this is pretty good. more smoke than i expected. definitely notice... guinness milk stout  photo
 i stopped smoking over 3 weeks ago amp my car still smells like weed 
 i stopped smoking alittle over 3 weeks ago amp my car still smells like weed
 i dont have a weed man here and im thankful. lol i wouldve been lit up  its been six months.
 i go through these phases where i hate weed and think its the worst thing on earth and then i smoke
 i hate being around weed  shit stink so bad
 i hate going to parties where i can smoke. i smoke entirely way too much.
 these young cats sitting in front of me are trying to smoke right after.... why the hell did you not smoke before having dinner
 still havent smoked my blunt 
 trying to dip so i can chill and actually sit and smoke a hookah.
 @lanobeskyhigh smh i have no smoke left either
 just opened up for the first time in 28 of a year..ish threw some pretty hard truths into the fire. hoping i can weed some people from it
 i didnt smoke all day today and im just fine.
 havent smoked weed all week
 its been a min since i smoked
 i havent smoked all week  stay strong 
 my sister asked he cashier for a hookah pen and he said we dont sell weed wtf
 living in a smokers paradise  
 midwest weed 
 who tf steals weed wtf
 @derekalmightyy lmfao nigga musta damn near smoked a whole zip in a week 
 i hate niggas who just sit around and smoke all day long...
 the most interesting year of my life yet was my nysc year. i had no worries. wake. smoke. eat. party. sleep.   thank you nigeria
 when your co worker keeps giving you weed peanut butter bars  4 deep . to fucked up for this 
 my cousin who i havent seen since i was about 15 invited me to her parents house to smoke lol i think shes like 1920
 if theres one thing i hate in this world its some reggie ass weed
 lmfao i just smoked the shit out of that i8... no lie.
 these babies get marinated for 5 days  smoked  grilled and sliced thin to make our marconi street beef sandwich. 
 these babies get marinated for 5 days  smoked  grilled and sliced thin to make our marconi street beef sandwich. 
 these babies get marinated for 5 days  smoked  grilled and sliced thin to make our marconi street beef sandwich. 
 shouldve smoked 2 blunts before bed and you  wouldve been still sleep lol 
 no. not that kind of weed. but still fascinating. 
 @radiopakistan ive noticed the last couple years just about all front page news is a smoke screen for the general public
 @andreastonez is just a stoner... smoking too much weed 
 look at all the requirements to get medical marijuana. wish the state put this kind of concern into opioids. 
 i think i quit smoking weed with out it being something iv planned. i just noticed i havent smoked since monday.
 roughly 2 609 spent on weed a year 
 who tf told you shit was sweet who tf want smoke with me
 i hate smoke detectors
 do young folks still smoke reggie i wanna know
 nothing i hate more than when its freezing in the car and the windows are down because you have to smoke a cig
 havent smoked all morning.. df wrong w me
 lastnight was the first time in 7 months i smoked a black n mild
 @sophiagrbl @yugenti @girlposts have you ever seen weed in your life tf
 been smoking weed since 13 and smoking cigarettes since 16. really need to change my bad habits
 i really despise when women smoke in front of their small babies. i just cant deal  maybe its just because i was born with asthma lol .
 well i dont smoke weed so thats my answer 
 they just care about smoking weed smh 
 when people bash cigarette smokers but smoke hookah 
 only trap can have @xavierwulf and @smokepurpp smoking swishers. i roll them double  and fill them with a 18th of weed and a gram of oil
 venison sausage. smoked cherry. kale. bread n butter sunchokes. parmesan  tubesteak zagat 
 i like weed more then people 
 proud of myself   sat around everyone smoking last night and didnt smoke
 which do i do guys  i havent smoked a blunt in bed in like 3 weeks
 the smoke amp mirrors cocktail at @fhstationhouse we were in cocktail heaven last night 
 we live in a world where people shame anyone who occasionally smokes marijuana  but many people brag about driving drunk
 havent smoked a black amp mild in so long
 hate when im not in my hood and gotta buy other weed i never smoked 
 hate when im not in my hood and gotta buy other weed i never smoked 
 2 pm and ive only smoked a half of a marlboro lite  thats progress if u ask me  trynnnnna quit smoking bc its so unhealthy but its so hard
 my dad just referred to me as a child of the reefer  420blazeit
 people really complaining about pot usage on @screenjunkies weed is legal in california also those same people prob loved drunk fights
 beer in the fridge  smoke on the table  looks like another day
 so im getting a sea weed wrap deep tissue full massage with hot stones for 100 minutes today... this is why im on a vacation
 lmao once i took a flavored hookah pen to school and smoked it in the locker room.
 im so glad its my day off  i can just smoke amp chill by myself 
 ive smoked so much that im not getting any higher
 theres only one vegas cannabis magazine.  and theres only one magazine that gets this kind of 
 lmfao stop they probably smoked crack 
 chowderfest 2017  who needs a spoon when you have a smoked wing hearty housesmoked chicken corn chowder 
 this joint is charging 100 bucks for this smoked 5 pound brisket. goodness. 
 i would love to smoke a blunt with l. banks...could learn so much about life
 ive went 3 days without weed
 for those of you that smokegrill  which of the following do you use
 okay  i have to ask. is it common practice for people who are delivering food to smoke in the car like while theyre out for a delivery
 lol havent smoked in monthsssss
 idk if im smoking to much weed or what. but stuff i use to hate doing. i like doing now 
 ottawa fire crews have working fire under control at 533 buchanan cres.. two residents with smoke inhalationin care 
 ive discovered the secret to happiness 2 bags of smoked venison pepperettes fresh from the 
 ive been so off lately. i think its cus i havent had a good smoke sesh in a long time.
 havent smoked in 4days 
 jsksks my little sisters got caught smoking weed im 
 i wish i smoked cigarettes          1. look cool          2. new hobby
 when you have weed with no wood
 its been free smoke since day 1 you already know
 i hate people who act like theyre weed experts  like they grew that shit themselves  stfu and smoke it.
 honestly weed was the worse thing that ever happened to me.
 goes through drive thu smoke shop for blunts  okay your total is 4.20 everyone dies laughing
 too many people smoke and do nothing
 today was a good day... now the ganja shall making it better 
 wow you smoke stems your so cool
 who wants the rest of jakes weed lol. 12 grams 80 bucks
 i ordered this smoke kit like 2 months ago and that shit just now getting here  idk what to do with it 
  healing yourself eating hemp seeds
 i wana smoke 
 do i know you we smoked together what remember at that party a few months ago i was dressed as the pope
 how high will 6th ranked louisville climb in the rankings before meeting with uva monday 2baylor and 3ku lose  5zona getting smoked.
 ive been hacking and coughing like a smoker ever since i finished my race indoorseasonprobs
 ive been wanting to smoke so bad lately  smh
 mexican national living illegally in denver caught with over 50 kilograms of marijuana | doj  
 i have always loved marijuana. it has been a source of joy amp comfort to me for many years... hunter s. thompson 
 there was a time when none of my homies smoked. theyve literally all become better people as stoners.
 i hate hemp sheets i need da red pack of bambu sheets or im good moe
 raw green mylk in the making. kale  spirulina  hemp seeds  and  raw fit chocolate. through some 
 those people who used to hate on weed so much in high school and now theyre stoners. 
 you sound like a 75 year old that smoked for 100 years @jjones55brewers
 scallops  red curry  broccoli  smoked peanuts  parsnip by @miketayl0r @ eleven 
 @montedeuce fine we can smoke a blunt 
 one of the best smoke houses ive ever been to @planolockhart 
 montezuma county man indicted for child pornography and marijuana distribution co | doj  
 so bru started chewing again.  should i got buy a pack of smokes after almost 10 years or just book a trip jamaica dominican mexico
 people who bash on people who smoke cigarettes ltltlt
 good smoke while still getting the citrus notes  unique  drinking a last blacksmith at @bigditchbrewing  
 the people in the hotel room next to me were smoking pot and they set off the smoke alarm. congrats
 yeah im getting weed cake pops in like a week. its the best of both worlds
 random but weirdest part of the trip to atlanta was seeing you can smoke indoors there. havent been able to do that here in bout 10 years.
 best weed i have ever smoked in a minute lol
 honestly life is great.i love the little things  like dog pets  smoking weed and working a job. but theres just so much shit surrounding me
 when the smoke clear im still here
 omg i was just chilling and my mom said i havent smoked a joint since august  wtf i dont even smoke
 @immyaxl that will give me some time to smoke some wings
 need hella smoke odor candles and incense for next weekend.
 @warkhalil that was some technique sir. will be in vegas next week would love to smoke you out on a woods.
 @fatkrabbypatty tss i smoked it already lmao
 8seed yall... nyk would get smoked easily  but whats more important than two more sellouts full of tourists and fly by night fans  right
 @gln i havent tried that but sounds interesting i have had a lot of luck with a really basic barrel smoker  ala 
 i really dislike the sound someones voice makes when theyre exhaling smoke and speaking at the same time
 wow the sixers are getting smoked by the heat. late 4q down by 30
 could have should have smoked moe
 @bossladyraerae   my exbiz partner  dave  he refused to consider weed  he died in 2014.  he loved his cigarettes  though.
 hey @predsnhl amp @predsident why is it i am sitting in my seat and i can smell cigarette smoke from the people smoking outside yuck
 i honesty hate knowing fake ass people. gotta weed out some of the people i know.
 i havent smoked in 3 days and ive had the worst migraine of my life for 3 days. coincidence
 if i live to my 70s or 80s and still have a decent quality of life  the most likely explanation will be the weed ive consumed.  weed
 this is the first time in my life ive been somewhere and people havent tried to sell me weed
 i cant believe i used to smoke cigarettes. i literally belong in the garbage lol
 i clocked in an hour early and ive been none stop  i barely had time to smoke a cig
 i just remember getting smoked every friday in the offseason out on the field with prowlers and tires. grit 
 kentucky still getting smoked 
 bought my first pound of weed today 
 havent smoked all day wwo mane
 vegan secretmenu hotsauce oystermushrooms pure cabbage aerated with cocnutmilk smoked 
 people actually buy weed i thought you just went to a party and its there and you do some and then you go home and wonder about your life.
 sipping smoker @alexxguarderas 
 residents at 228 say possible shower curtain caught fire and caused smoke. no actual flames were seen. 
 i have so many pill bottles on my nightstand it usually takes two or three tries to find my weed
 all girls smoke the same and it irks me
 @bonnbonnlovely you smoke fire reggie  gtfo
 million dollar baby  today. thank god i still had smokes when i saw it. 
 havent seen my uncle in a couple months and he shows up at my house with a jar full of weed lol
 @sfjohnb @abc you people are lost in the smoke zone i hope if not you just full of use less hate
 @hamsterkaren @leifthetank i would probably never go to concerts if you could smoke. kinda hate outdoor ones bc people will.
 this is why people smoke weed
 ive smoked more tonight than i have in months combined
 almost took a major l because kaitlynn wanted to smoke 
 this nigga just started talmbout eating ass....dassit smoke your own weed
 when you smoke weed in front of yo momma
 havent smoked hookah in a long time 
 ive never wanted to smoke so bad as i have the last few days
 what exactly is that a major key to you know how many other factors go into maintaining a relationship besides weed food and head
 i made a bunch of marijuana butter so long ago and i havent eaten any of it. who wants some
 ive smoked so much i cant get high
 remember bowling green....uh dude is that some kind of new colorado super weed  @mskristinawong @realdonaldtrump
 i got your venmo but i didnt get your number casually blows cigarette smoke
 just ate this weed brownie smh 
 @notixx link up and smoke mad weed 
 curry smoked that.....
 oh my lord curry smoked a potential game winning lay up
 dopest dope ive ever smoked
 last year valentines we got a room at hotel derek we had to keep going to the car just too smoke we ended up at bbs amp the strip club
 curry smoked a lay up to win the game lmfao.... thats yall mans
 glad i can smoke in my house
 how can people not like weed
 thats bc i havent smoked a blunt since 2pm i need mg nightly l
 people smoke in their house
 since when did u smoke wtf 
 weed lol never smoked never will 
 im so fucking glad that i have my oil pen to smoke
 to the people who do smoke weed letthatmarinate 
 me and @killjsinister hung out once and i smoked like 7 blunts in his car on the way to an x wulf concert and i havent seen him since lmfao
 ive officially been with aaron for 2 years and holy smokes do i feel lucky. 
 @klauds is crazy dj but the driver have weed and we want it
 need my arizona followers to hit me up more now that im more on since ive moved here last year. like someone come roll my blunts amp smoke 
 @queenie2x lol i aint cool like that w too many people tbh..lol lowkey everyday a lil smoke out housewarming lmfao
 smoking weed  and bamboo sitting in private stock....  
 its 420 am and me n jalen are still awake smoking weed
 thats no weed smh 
 my friend just gave me the most amazing windbreaker rn. its literally the dopest dope ive eva smoked 
 my girl done did it again with my weed smh 
 the suns coming up. youre on my side. i rub yo thighs. look at my eyes and i just see the sky. im so high  but i aint smoked yet 
 hopefully i make it through the busiest day of the year at my landlords bar without any marijuana.
 so weed makes me paranoid and v sensitive  so i watched the 13th last night and cried after smoking for the first time in years.
 i know i smoked over 300 blunts this year. no exaggeration.. yes i know its a new year
 my son is trapped in minecraft irl ever since he tried weed  what do we do as a people
 when that thing you smoked wasnt a cigarette 
 i feelsound like i smoked a whole carton of cigarettes. how much did you smoke half the carton.
 i hate how a year ago during this time i was addicted to xanex and klimax but honestly i love being sober smoking weed doesnt count
 @aboutjehovah but they leave to be gay  smoke cigarettes  fornicate  maintain a dalliance with married men but they mask behind mumbo jumbo
 i rolled a blunt like 5 hours ago  and still havent smoked it yet
 i havent had the desire to smoke a cigarette in 4 years. 4 different doctors have told me that vaping will not hur 
 i hate it when the smoke gets in my eye 
 at 84 years old  loretta lynn just smoked weed for the very first time 
 never wise to smoke pot on a balcony beside a major road lol
 no more weed @infowars @joerogan. best qoute of the podcast.  great podcast.  made me think and laugh.  jre @joeroganexp
 if you smoke reggie you need your ass beat tf up
 honestly i rather smoke with myself half the time
 if weed can be a priority in your life i think i could be too. you didnt wait all day to hit that blunt did you
 @ctskidoo i smoke outside and i dont like the smell inside and around my children to breath in but i wish you luck becarefull thanks
 if my mom had named me andrew like she planned mine would be 70 years of pussy money and weed lmao 
 my mama has asked me a few times have i smoked or drank but just like when she asked me was i having sex when i was .. naah 
 cam praise annoys me but he got smoked like 28 different times this year and never got calls
 chop stars x smoke hookah htx  super bowl watch party  avant garden  42am 
 you could smoke a few woods then do all dat. 
 havent had no weed since i woke up so im still sleep 
 @linnyitssn  wh smells like sewer now  but almighty willing  soon it will be thoroughly washed amp th scented after the skunks r smoked out
 why do people smoke cigarettes in their cars 
 who tf smokes a cig with their windows up
 sitting in my room alone  crying  listening to glass by julian on the album phrazes for the young  smoking weed
 yo whos tryna link up and smoke today and get some foodie
 remember when everyone looked down at niggas who smoked in the 9th grade  now everyone they moms be smoking 
 damn  i havent smoked in a good minute
 @daonlycp you good on weed but probably have done hookah before 
 dont light an incense when your parents are home bc they will think its you smoking weed
 i choked on my smoke. 
 havent smoked in two weeks 
 even the weed designer 
 its been a month i havent smoke... time flies focusing on the gym fuck drugs.
 ive purchase marijuana from 3 different individuals here in the atlanta area amp i hate all tree of yall birdman voice
 getting smoke in your eyes is the most annoying thing ever.
 when everyone leaves you at the table to go smoke a cig. brunch 
 drinking a mole smoke by @surlybrewing @ iron tap   
 if i drank as much as i smoked  i would be dead.
 tk31s crew is wondering why you havent tested your smoke detectors this year..... or called your mom 
 @drjuicymd weed intake
 no way ....glad i just smoke weed 
 i like so many weed posts that now i have pure weed pages following me left and right lol 
 niggas really be bitchesnot this guyfuck around an get smoked fucking with me
 bone side down smoke at 225 for three hours wrap in foil and cook 225 for 2 hours and enjoy 
 fine smoke too 
 30 minutes and im off to go smoke this wood  
 theres nothing i hate more than the smell of a cigarette smoker.
 @lesleybanh i feel  both of my parent smoke and i think its so gross
 im sorry my christmas tree is still up but we got up early amp went to bfast amp cleaned the house now a smoke break 
 who tf wants to smoke for this long on one blunt 
 step 2 smoke for two hours using mixture of apple and pecan woods. superbowl bbqisbest 
 havent smoked all day. feel good about it
 then i had 1 cigarette left and them niggas smoked that shit... in my car. and left the cigarette bud
 oliver has been crying nonstop since smokey left..
 i wish iwent out bc then i would have been able to smoke a apple bong i hate living
 ten twin cherries getting the big soak in some ganjainfused rum. stuporbowl commence  more 
 no alcohol eyes  i hadnt drank in many months.  nebulous smoke up in them sky. several years since id been drunk. no  no more alcohol eyes
 i hate people who say they hate smoking contradict there selves when they smoke hookah 
 dang havent smoked since new years 
 @808child hahaha lets smokeeee a wood
 who want smoke  @ highland woods 
 havent smoked weed in 2 weeks but im rolling a fat one right now for my homie. instrumentals amp my paper amp pen
 i dont understand how people smoke cigarettes in a house
 there were so many blunts being past around lastnight and guess what i still didnt smoke proud of myself 
 ive been tryna smoke a blunt for like 2 days now..
 superbowl tweet three beers deep game is almost starting regret at all time high will be smoking sooooo much weed soon
 never smoked  never drank  and never.
 never smoked  never drank  and i never will
 making some cherry wood smoked chicken. happy super bowl sunday all.
 aint smoked in two days wut in tarnation
 my dads friend has been here since 7 making smoked bby back ribs amp im too hungover to eat it. theres so much good food too
 im that asshole teenager that comes home to their parents super bowl party  still a little high  and reeking of cigarette smoke.
 wishing i could smoke
 i dont think ive ever wanted to smoke this bad before
 i alwaysed wanted to be an astronot damn weed an smoked thanks nasa it cristallizes lings castro 
 truly really ate my weed
 i can smoke all day but holding my liquor is what i tend to struggle with  
 my yearbook pictures are speaking to me. either im in a teenage horror flick or weed paranoia has started. superbowl
 lmao in what world do you think you can smoke cigarettes in the hospital
 damn so many people showed up to smoke the super bowl
 @elizabethcargi2 lol i ate and smoked and got a slushie im good now.
 half time  smoke session
 wings getting kissed by the smoke of pellets. traegerbowl51 
 you can tell joe buck doesnt have a pole to smoke but wait till brady throws that first td 
 pats getting smoked amp i get ladygaga . today is pretty swell superbowl
 @drakefordtyler im glad cause i need them to get smoked
 my roommates mom just smoked me out.. cool super bowl day
 since when are u a smoker since the day i gave up and decided to fuck myself over
 half time show  more like a smoke break foh
 lose my weed lastnight today lost edibles smh 
 who wants to smoke an hour long blunt tho...like honestly 
 am i the only one who caught the cannabis reference lol
 that was the most weed references ive ever seen on live television word to 2017
 gabriel smoked butler lol
 ive never seen the patriots get smoked like this
 malcom getting smoked by a 58 dude
 also malcolm butler getting smoked really soothes my soul
 i remember me at 18 naked in your parents basement young and careless watching you blow smoke rings
 pats getting smoked  kappaalphapsi nupes ssanupes @ silver spring md alumni chapter  
 @ryansotatted but he getting smoked
 yo i took so much benadryl and smoked a whole backwood that i dreamt i took acid and shit felt so real
 patriots are getting smoked dawg this is ridiculous 
 when breza tells the whole sesh theyre about to smoke a whole bowl each 
 dont smoke brah. bourbon only 
 smh i didnt wanna smoke today n im out here bouta smoke like 3 blunts lmao
 @tropicvkv stop talking shit dork... i really didnt smoke... on god its been a month 
 i said this a long time ago n now i smoke more den ever 
 solder getting smoked.
 man this smoked gouda is good but im not liking what im seeing in the super bowl right nowlol falconsriseup
 all i want is for it to be october so i can binge watch stranger things and smoke blunts and be spooky again
 holy smokes....he caught that  superbowl
 all louisville niggs do is smoke  sing on snapchat  and eat indis
 how many cigarettes has roger goodell smoked since 830
 @bambamsbbq that first bite of brisket after a 20 hour smoke be like 
 falcons really smoked a 20 lead. wow. 
 you are what you eat smoke   @718s 
 sam refers to weed as broccoli and       she is too much
 erik and i smoked so many super bowls today 
 next door neighbor is outside smoking weed. not gonna lie  kind of wish i had some right now. but im about to hit 10 years free in april.
 noelie makes the best hemp milk hot chocolates around  rochambo bradystreet drinkart 
 i sound like ive smoked 3 packs of cigarettes a day.... this isnt okay
 i just wrote a 7 page short story on a weed baker and im actually very proud of it
 @alessantorelli we smoked yall 4 weeks ago shut up
 super bowl yeah im pretty sure ive smoked one or two of those before
 accidentally eats 3 weed muffins... will be out for the next 3 days rip
 @jasonkander wow. @gehrig38 seems to have not reviewed the video on his opponent. he just got smoked.
 literally nobody is down to smoke what is wrong with u people
 gunna smoke a few blunts and knock tf out 
 havent smoked in a whole day but im fine this is fine
 i will never talk to a girl that smokes cigarettes
 canned weed in denver  co @ groundswell cannabis boutique 
 girls who smoke cigarettes
 i got different weed for different situations
 super irritated  times like this i wish i still smoked 
 i hate people that smoke shorts.
 my drafts are literally just a bunch of tweets that i make when im high about how much i fucking hate weed
 @tedsmarijuana reefers cannabis peanut butter. tommy chong
 i smoked like 5 blunts today bro. damn im lit
 i just smoked for the first time in like idk a year
 a new prioritization of compassion amp inclusion for the many  over the punishment of thousands to weedout a longsh 
 ive been in and out of a weed coma all day
 @cramersshirt @ironmaiden @wweneville @justintrudeau @hulkhogan @toysrus break for a smoke and think about how many people ive injured.
 i quit smoking 4 days ago and this is easy af to quit when youre not hanging out with your other friends who smoke lol
 and who tf want smoke 
 really smoked a whole half in like 2 days  i think im too much of a stoner now
 i have 2 blunts and no one to smoke with i hate everyone.
 i gotta .5 lets link and smoke 
 havent smoked in like 6 months 
 i havent smoked weed in like 3 years and friday i took two hits of a blunt and i was fucking high as shit
 u think parents can smoke weed amp still be great parents off topic
 if u voted no on parents smoking weed  do u think they arent attentive enough
 i havent smoked in like 34 days lol
 only reason ive left the house the last 2 days was to smoke
 i seen the nigga who tried rob me the next day that nigga seen me and drove smoke tf off 
 lol i smell weed smh
 since i almost died i need to turn up and smokee
 i am literally going to die of third hand smoke on the hsr... how do people not care that they smell like this omg
 im up early in the mornin. smoke in public  my trap is jumpin. i made 200  that count for somethin. i pull up  get them lil debbie muffins
 bruh i ate two weed brownies at about 530pm an woke up still smacked... 
 so now ive been awake since five  am pissed off bc ive been awake since five  and am sick as fuck from smoke inhalation. fuck today
 rewatching stranger things today need like mad weed rn lol
 i never cop less weed than a half
 if i ever smoke a cigarette  call my parents and green leaf too because i have lost my damn mind 
 i havent smoked since wednesday and it lowkey feels good
 aye i didnt smoke yesterday  for the first time in like 9 months  im proud of myself
 you always getting smoked out 
 i smoke to forget some people but after i smoke  i still remember 
 all we do is smoke and fuck  jeezy
 @grnwaz wow  thanks my bp is always on the low side   never smoked will work on the rest once ive got through this plague uri....
 i like when my tweets annoy people  weed the weak ones out.
 been smoking weed since i woke up. i feel nothing.
 ion see how people smoke cigarettes in their houses 
 i get sad when i see people smoke cigarettes
 my english teacher just admitted he loves smoking weed lmao
 ive never seen a robber get smoked so fast 
 this chick is saying the first time she smoked pot that it had meth in it and she thinks its funny....
 after today. starting my 30 day detox no weed  no booze  no drugs  no sexnot like ive been getting any but still... ughhh fucking 27
 ever since me and my boyfriend broke up my folks keep asking me if i been crying. like calm ive just been smoking hella weed
 havent smoked weed in 2 in a half weeks thats a world record for me but low key come smoke me out
 its noon and my birthday amp i havent even smoked a blunt yet
 honestly you know i like to be positive and i damn sure like to smoke but seeing that catfish ass profile pic set m 
 havent smoked in 2 days.
 yall wtf is this  meanwhile you got poc going to jail for a little weed  this is trash i hate white privileged 
 @kfor i use to smoke cigarettes  went to vaping for 4 years. i quit smokingvaping last year. i dont have cravings for it either.
 i had a dream that i ran into a bunch of people i hate and it stressed me out so bad my dream self smoked an entire pack of cigarettes
 lol this guy at the bar last night smoked me out with two joints
 i sound like ive smoked a pack a day since i was 11 years old
 ive smoked many cigars during the last 50 years  this one i call memorable an amazing blend by @epcarrillo  
 my ex over here singing on his story like he on smoke x factor shit  foh with that bullshit nigga
 johnny just asked if i smoke a cig after a blunt....
 she smoke reggie 
 i havent been in a eating mood but i smoke all damn day  that dont mix.
 rip to the panda express workers today... theyve been weeded since they opened
 smoking is your choice idgaf but like dont be rude and smoke right next to me
 in the last two days 3 people have asked if i wanted to buy weed off someone on the street lol
 i smoked that sht i stg alotta weird sht started happening 
 i drank 23 brews and smoked 36 cigarettes yesterday what the fuck  
 people been telling me i smell like weed since i walked in school
 this guy at the bar last night smoked me out with two joints lol.
 i hate when people smell like weed every single day
 havent smoked no weed since wednesday  my body is having withdrawals
 rainy days i smoke a pound of haze
 you ever have those days where you want to sit on a curb  light a cigarette and smoke it chill payton jones.. chill
 girls that smoke cigarettes 
 remember that time in high school when everyone thought i smoked oregano because i mentioned oil of oregano one time
 i still think about how i wish weeds ended better than it did
 send to fill my tank up. send to buy me more weed... my friends smoked it all lmao  thats gunna be 100 total
 i havent smoked no gas all day 
 havent smoked in a week holding strong
 one of the funniest had to be when me and lisa went swimming after we smoked... literally almost died but it was sooo funny
 what kind of weed is this  
 oakes  smokes  tokes  stroke pokes  dont live with folks. etc. @kingmarliedave dave oakes has talked to bry  oakes  robin oakes chloe oakes
 tell me why homeless people are just sitting on the sidewalk smoking weed amp selling bags for everyone to see
 know im sick   i havent smoked in a couple days 
 im 1000 sure my ta woke up 10 minutes ago and smoked before class
 ill never understand why people choose to smoke cigarettes 
 why do people have all these questions and requirements about weed just to buy one fucking j
 how nasty do you have to be to pay for goods with a half smoked cig still in hand
 can someone make it illegal to smoke cigarettes on the promenade 
 literally about to start growing weed im sick of going thru people
 kale i dont think so @chiefs qb len dawson enjoying a smoke and a beer at 12 time super bowl i whenmenweremen 
 white weed dealers only ones that be handing out sample packs.. heres a lil nugget bro try it out
 probaly because i eat garbage and smoke
 @saifybear ive never smoked
 who tf asks do you smoke  
 today makes 3 years to the day where i havent smoked marijuana. all you stoners light one up for ya boy
 im just ready to be in la in the spring smoking 5 different strains of weed a day 
 ive smoked about 7 cigs and had 5 cups of coffee this morning...that just about sums up my day
 hungry  wanna shoot somethin  dont bite the bullet.  bite into savory  succulent smoked 
 my poor weed is just sitting all alone waiting to be smoked up
 wow... needs his ass to go to prison. muthafuckas serving time for weed amp shit... rape is worst 
 gods team | devils team | weed   lean | same thing . same gang same gang
 all i want for valentines day is a bad bitch with a pound of weed
 smoking weed downtown houston like if we were in colorado  pollo lmao
 3 years ago i had to teach austin how to smoke out of a pipe... look at him now lol
 say she never smoked i turned her to smoker
 say she never smoked i turned her to a stoner
 first day of me trying to not smoke cigarettes  gome
 ive seen money and weed change too many people
 i need to smoke a invisible fuck a wood
 i havent smoked a cig in a month as of tomorrow and ive never been so proud of myself tbh 
 123 genes changed on exposed to cigarette smoke  compared to only two genes  following exposure to ecigarette aerosols. genetic eng. news
 bitch im smoked out i be seeing 5 elements my spaceship all white chains looking like an elephant yung lean mondaymotivation
 still tryna figure how i only smoked once today
 onthebrightside  i havent smoked cigarettes in 5 months  weed amp blacks in 1  proudofmyself saynotosmoking 
 im tryna smoke smh
 i smell like a whole pound and i havent smoked in a while wtf
 if the people in the dorm next to me could stop smoking weed in their room 247 thatd be great. 
 started this morning off on day one of a kale juice diet... ended it with a whole rack of smoked ribs and 4 chocolate chip cookies.
 started this morning off on day one of a kale juice diet... ended it with a whole rack of smoked ribs and 6 chocolate chip cookies.
 kstate booing bragg for smoking weed like no one at manhattan smokes 
 @ragingbabe i can totally smoke a bag of that. the golden age seem so fun. i can see you with white gloves and mink around your neck
 i hate having weed with no gar like 
 u dont like my friend bc she smokes weed my ex boyfriend was a drug dealer and ive smoked since 5th grade. dumb bitchhhhh
 i havent smoked in 3 days  dang
 damn bron traveled and still smoked the lay up
 lmfao curry and lebron both smoked game winning lay ups ... unreal
 mid draft on my last tweet  lebron smoked a layup and flustered my tweet flow. smh
 they wouldve won if lebron didnt smoke that lay up tho
 i deadass havent smoked in 2 years
 omg the cigarette smoke is kilking me.
 @olddazecothing toss me 8th of  gas i havent smoked in years. lol 
 never hated on a nigga but hey still will apply major smoke 
 im so blessed. i never have to wait more than 10 minutes to get my weed
 sup  you tryna smoke some meth with white people 
 todays the first day in like a week that i dont smoke hookah 
 havent smoked in 23 days and i low key feel great
 i love when sam smokes weed
 this weekend was great  lots of fishing and eating some good smoked ribs.  sam was here saturday 
 this weekend was great  lots of fishing and eating some good smoked ribs.  sam was here saturday 
 @shayathiadechel smh another rookie smoker 
 bro this flight to cali next week thooooo. soon as i get off the plane im asking where the weed at
 ive never even tried marijuana
 found a cigarette i hid a long time ago and i cant wait to smoke it
 my friend tried to get in cornell university for his phd they denied him yet he wouldve smoke that program.. theyre the fools on this one
 ive never seen you smoke a cigarette in real life u liar twitter bitch
 she wouldve got smoked if that last one hit her  
 for people who smoke squares  when u get up in the morning is smoking a square one of the first couple things u do
 i just wanna smoke blunts and look up at the stars while he holds me in his arms at night....
 people who smoke automatic l
 baes birthdays next week and all hes getting is a weed cake  his foamposites  and me 
 since ion smoke no mo... my life is ughhhhh 
 i dont know if id say its a new business but ive been smoking tons of weed getting ready for when its legal uberride
 people gotta smoke that shit on the strip without getting caught and all the current pens are pssysht uberride
 50 percent sea  50 percent weed
 i realllllllly fail to understand how they have people in prison for 20 yrs for some damn weed but have rapists walking around free
 my wife better be this on our weeding day or she getting divorced the next day lol 
 i havent smoked for nearly a year but today really makes me want to hit a blunt
 u holding onto what we smoke in a day.
 just smoked with my tattoo artist lit
 i hate deland smh who has weed
 next month is when barney smoked his last cigarette
 smoked weed for the first time in like six months. feels greaaaat.
 @alexatorress not really .. people can change. i havent smoked in over a year
 or when the weather gets nice. ppl get excited to be with their significant other and im like wow its perfect to smoke outside with shorts
 im boutta read euthyphro whilst smoking a marijuana pipe and listening to living room songs by olafur arnalds. one could say its lit
 havent smoked weed in a week
 i smoked but i also ate an edible right before and im coming down but going all the way up again
 i just smoked a swisher and i hate myself  wood gang
 what i smoke in one day  niggas smoke in one week.
 do u ever be smoking and looking at your phone till u realize you smoked the whole blunt.
 gave beej a kahla chocolate after he smoked his faces were priceless
 damn it feels like i havent smoked in years. but its only been 3 days 
 i just sat in the car with my squish for a few hours  smoked and had such a good night. itd be 10x better if he was layin here w me tho
 since i started smoking weed i be forgetting the most simplest shit ... like where is my phone ...... in my hand 
 honestly weed is p great
 @masterchieeeef lmao i remember you smoked for the first time at adrians and almost died
 the first time i smoked was with my brother. the first time i drunk was with him. lmao the first time i snuck out like a dummy
 had a dope private session with the king of prerolls oglouiethe13th today first marijuana 
 where can u get more people to smoke with  
 where can i get people to smoke with  
 nothin better then coming home to some ihop after you smoked 
 havent seen @catovaries in years and she comes thru to smoke a few minutes ago
 i love smoking weed i hate advice
 @jimcramer do you like any of the many marijuana stocks smh  ive heard you like  are there any others thanks for all your guidance..
 who wants to smoke hookah
 i havent smoked in over a month  im dyin
 its crazy that i havent been able to sleep regularly wo weed since ive lived in nyc.
 decided to scroll... at least 5 people paying other people for cat food on @venmo . theres a chance cat food  the marijuanas.
 fml havent smoked all day  im super grouchy.
 @alyssabee someone is either smoking pot or recently smoked pot cause my train reeks. i should have stayed home. i hate this bullshit
 the first time i smoked bud was in fifth grade you dont impress me with your xanax
 idk how some people can smoke a cigarette first thing in the morning  eww
 amp it love how it weeds most people out  we are not for the weak minded 
 @kiddesafety woke up by yet another faulty smoke alarm. this 1 lasted 14 months. 2 months out of warranty. my family thanks you.
 i went to go do laundry and instantly smelt weed and hunted deep in the back of the closet and found a whole mason jar i got the nose
 i had a dream that i was arrested for distribution of marijuana. im like tf 
 i dont hate this fella but he needs to put the weed down and read a damn newspaper. he is doing what he said he wo 
 @desireeslaten  also  ive never had a cigarette smoker try to get me to start smoking. vapers have though.
 i smoked a whole o this week 
 i think i need too smoke first 
 when im having anxiety i overwing my eyeliner keep reapplying lipstick and crave cigarettes i havent smoked in 5 years. oh  i tweet too.
 campus looks like someone just smoked 500 cigarettes. lol 
 colorado is on the news .. its quiet and no crime wtf lol its clearly time to legalize weed since you wana make america great @potus 
 my teacher mentioned how you need to be 3 years marijuana free to get a federal job and the entire class basically went up in flames
 i havent used eye drops in like 7 months my eyes simply stopped turning red when i smoke
 once  my dad asked if i smoked  and when i asked  smoke what he yelled cigarettes
 ive watched this girl smoke throughout her entire pregnancy  sad
 dont smoke reggie kids. 
 why do people sit outside of pirtle and see how many cigarettes they can smoke before their next class
 glad i didnt wear true religion or smoked weed during high school and was able to graduate on time 
 people smoke one l amp be high af 
 in order to reap you first have to plow the field. an remove the residue and weeds from around your seed. whats effecting your seed
 tired of seeing people complain that they got in trouble for having anything to do with weed. like shit  i use to smoke all the damn time...
 i love smoking weed  i hate advice.
 i need to cut back on how much i smoke  chiefed a whole backwood of gelato x gsc and i wasnt as high as i should been.
 crystal | 19 | in college for a worthless degree | democratic socialist | loves weed | parents pay for everything | 
 so well have to gather a few pounds of the finest weed around for the mission.
 im the what kind of weed is this amp i  weed smoker lmao 
 ive smoked a morning cigarette every morning for two years now
 i hate smoking w ppl most of the time bc i get quiet and then i feel awkward. rather just smoke by myself.
 do you ever wonder why weeds come back year after year because
 oh  wow... i was just told that people who smoke weed or cigarettes  which are gross get sick faster and for long 
 i feel like weed isnt addicting and people can stop when they want so tryna compare millionaires and regular people was irrelevant 
 he smoked like 5 blunts making this video lmao 
 representing those in the weed biz the rules are...like...wow dude.....not really welldefined....httpst.com45tgmy7cn
 i am almost a month smoke free guys
 one time i went to high school with a half ounce of weed in my bra
 cigarette smoke is actually the worst
 people passin like im passing weed
 you still smoke cigarettes while i have a cig in my hand like no bitch i dont still smoke y u question me why wouldnt i still smoke
 havent smoke that. dope inna minutes  proud nigga
 on scene littlefield fire no injuries were reported. 1 house neae the facility sustained heavy smoke damage 
 hokey smoke rocky may get nautical in the ol 62521 today. february 
 i havent smoked in a good lil minute
 yo next week will make a whole year since the last time i smoked  holy cow
 people still takin xans if i asked for that in california where i live people would look at me like i smoke crack
 if smokepurpp aint freshman of the year   yall retarded 
 you would be fine af if u didnt smoke cigarettes
 wow annette youre almost 18 youll be able to smoke cigarettes and take my advice this year  dad lmfaoo
 my ex and i smoked a blunt after not talking to each other in 3 years. felt good to know we both arent being petty anymore
 since ive been here i havent smoked  i dont trust ppl weed out here  mf might have me tweaking hoe tweaking hoe
 why havent i smoked with my bff  before class 
 i was working a job and selling weed since 10th grade and people swear i aint pay for my own shit 
 homeowner loses several pets after fire fills house with smoke. collapsed roof amp power lines down in yard a safety 
 producers use weedclubs b2b platform to source goods amp services  as well as to connect with retailers. join now at 
 chickpeas  avocado  tomatoes  hemp seeds  pesto  toasted sesame oil  herbed  etc...  
 im the only person i know that has never been drank  gotten high  or smoked a cigarette and thats wild to me
 im the only person i know that has never drank  gotten high  or smoked a cigarette and thats wild to me
 i just heard this girl say its only been 24 hours since she smoked and her fingers was tingling 
 im glad i dont smoke cigarettes like i used to. this pack has lasted me 2 weeks vs 1 pack in one day
 i hate smoke  all of it
 i hate when people diss me bc i smoke. do you pay my bill i didnt think so now stfu 
  blow the smoke out like its hookah 
 to smoke one on my lunch break or not  i usually never have a problem making this choice lol
 i had to take a vicodin  two midol  and smoke just to feel okay. plus this tequila.
 havent smoked all day this is rare
 i hate that people even smoke 
 i smoke out the half pound. grow up
 im not really one in position to say anything  but people arent blocking you because youre building a life. you smoke crack you dunce
 the guy next to me in class reeks of weed so bad i think i might be getting high
 havent smoked in a week because i keep forgetting to buy lighters after theyve all been stolen from me
 sitting here eating jalapeo chips trimmin some weed
 and by the end of next week i think i can go back to smoke hookah occasionally
 @josiahpopoola nah if they smoking the weed they still smoking a gram. but they really smoking all rillo
 @photogbill222 @nunuvyerbiz time to weed out the bad teachers and the ones just in it for a paycheck. and its time to hold kids accountable
 join us for the annual alumni smoker  march 16th. proceeds benefit the ndcp alumni scholarships program. register a 
 me amp shadow fuck them smoked sausages from bojangles allllll the way up
 i smoked so much today and im still being a crybaby.. tf is that fuck it gonna kick in 
 me and b smoked. went to class and then went home took naps and woke up around the same time. bestie
 @goonrgrrl gay rights  trans rights  nonchristian rights  womens rightsall up in smoke. but you keep telling yourself theyre the same.
 doctor literally said  with ur lungs and your young age. if you continue too smoke marijuana you will die... well damn doc.. wtf i do now
 @crissles pleeeeease may i have the link to the article about taylor swift i searched but there are so many to weed through.
 @johnathanlugo dont get smoked lmfao.
 i need homegirls to do shit with. smoke  turn up  go out  etc etc. i literally be bored.
 @frelsworking so every women likes an abusive weed dealer  k.
 havent had weed since 2008
 people that smoke cigarettes disgust me.
 wait i just noticed i havent smoked since sunday... why im not tripping 
 ampamp guess tf what   im still gone fill my lungs w. the  cannabis 
 on another note  as artist  weed to push subjects that make people think
 earlier someone from my class smoked me out 2 blunts and ive been high ever since.  its been 3 hours fam.  those were maical blunts
 someone from my class smoked me out with 2 blunts ampi ive been high asf ever since.  its been 3 hours.  those blunts were magical fam
 the miami airport tgi fridays is a glass box with no ceiling so that you can smoke in it 
 holy smokes the one from me in my bathing suit is from june and the other one is from this weekend. wow. 
 never understood why people smoke cigarettes knowing how bad they are for you 
 @stevekingia ive never smoked mj and wanted to do crack. notagatewaydrug
 havent napped in 4 days. havent smoked in a month. going on 3 weeks with no alcohol.....i feel like im in rehab tbh
 today could actually be a day where i dont smoke
 watching this person in front of walmart do smoke tricks with their cigarette lmao what
 i never smoked before in my life 
 bluehour double burger with smoked whiskey cheddar  foie gras aoli  and fries 
 i think i like weed more than people .
 damn my piss still got thc in it ian smoke in 4 weeks smh
 seen two niggas blowing hookah smoke in each others faces the other day and that was the gayest shit i ever seen in my life
 wow boys who dip and smoke cigarettes have me so weak 
 thank you  @tinderfor helping me find weed and a fine ass chick to smoke it with in a hot tub. 0
 watched a girl smoke crack on fb today
 fuck a cunt | smoke a cigarette
 i havent smoked weed in over a year. firm believer that i will be a better person as soon as i smoke my first blunt again.
 damn i feel like im dying contines to smoke cigarette
 now am lapping up excess smoked oyster juice like a cat laps at a saucer of milk artistslife
 people go to jail for years for weed but rapists get out in months. somethin needs fixin
 and im just over here like no ive never seen monsters inc. while high  can i go smoke and we can watch it
 there are so many opportunities opening up to learn more about cannabis. this one definitely seems truly unique 
 the first time i smoked a cigarette was with my mom in like 8th grade i coughed so much and she was like pero ah andas cabrona
 if you smoke while pregnant you are the worst kind of person 
 this hemp wrap thoooooo
 @ryanatfield i think you will find cannabis legalized federally in next few years.
 @pbrjuels @charmzvalkom bruhhh smoked like a o and a half on life lmfao. we was killin shit 
 my smoke sack yo whole reup
 i just been tryna smoke today and cant even do that moe 
 @trutherbotblue  my kind of weed
 since i dont smoke weed i have no idea wtf to do on my breaks
 i want to know how many cigarettes were smoked during the making of sons of anarchy 
 @cameliaaa i called you to smoke cause i was by yo house but yeen answer.
 hell me neither. i havent smoked in so long 
 to smoke this hookah or not to smoke 
 i havent smoked since december   fuck man
 thats the saddest blunt ive ever seen.  why did it so down why the long face it didnt even wanna get smoked 
 i havent smoked all day surprisingly .
  mocha amp cigarettes  imp. smoked porter
 this is how ive been weeding out annoying people in my life lately. great meme. 
 you either smoke or you get smoked.  sidney dean or billy hoyle
 blowin this smoke cuz i cant cope with this pain that i feel 
 ughhhh. i hate braking up weed
 havent smoked bud since thursday thats a long time for me thats almost a week sober
 i smoked to much today  stg
 went from smoking a pack a day to only a couple a day today i only smoked 2
 dont quit. a very good study buried showed lifelong smokers less likely to get cancer than those who quitstart 
 @daiiyfire why is fucking young ma and rich the kid on the list but carti banks smokepurrp and others are pitches smh
 i havent smoked in forever. id probably be on the moon after 5 puffs lmao
 wait i just smoked then ate an edible.
 havent smoked since new years 
 sort of getting comfort pit of smoking weed and cherry glazerr
 sort of getting comfort from weed and cherry glazerr
 how do people not smoke weed
 i tried to stop smoking weed. that shit didnt last a day smh. i suck at life.
 was gna buy seats to the gsw vs nyk but is it really worth it watching my squad get smoked by a 1000  smh
  you bad af  but where you been seem like we aint smoked together in years 
 day 1 of 5 no weed
 @mk9577 one colleague said sessions joked that he thought the ku kluxklan was ok  until he learned they smoked marijuana. very dumb.
 foie gras shavings  hazelnut butter  radishes  smoked sea salt @mvinkla @mvoltaggio 
 i think i should smoke another one
 ive become too lazy to smoke... damn
 lucy says that ever since i came around her whole family is hella open about marijuana and that makes me happy 
 ive been here a week and i havent smoked yet.
 tryna smoke cigarettes and watch tv with you all day long
 sade amp smoke 
 @nypost we blew by omg heshe smokes pot years ago.
 just smoked 3 blunts. now on to the goodnight wood
 if you smoke cigarettes i hate you and i hope you choke on your fries
 exhausted. about to drink this marijuana juice.
 if you work at a bar and still smoke reggie you either need to invest in a new body or a new bar facts
 ive had 4 blunts with a few amount of ppl then went and smoked 2 with just one other person fuck im so high
 ive smoked weed in years. this would be me if i got high right now 
 people who say they hate smokers 
 i literally smoked and took two shots of nyquil im out this bitch.
 i like weed brownies amp cookies... im straight w seein crooked  @herbanlegendswa
 when i see a girl start smoking out of nowhere that never smoked like what are you doing 
 amp smoking weed.
 lmfao if my parents smoked with me id be shook 
 just arrived on scene of fire on traymore. no visible smoke  flames. multiple engines line two streets @wkbw 
 i hate the smell of smoke
 i hate my school sm  either get better weed or stop smoking in the stairwell thanks
 day 3 of no weed 
 hate peoples who smoke cigarettes its so disgusting.
 what do they do w all the weed theyve been finding lately  
 i hate @foxnews and i need to smoke a @bowl
 im really starting to hate weed smokers 
 i know i smoked too early when ive been parked for 10 minutes and my foot is still pressing on the brake hard as fuck
 fr  i smoked a half last week just cause i was sitting at home
 i need a sugar daddy for weed
 all the white ppl st my job do is smoke cigarettes and drink coffee all day
 the more people stop fucking with me the less people i gotta smoke with 
 compares medical marijuana to milk. says regulations for state and federal for milk hundreds of pages long.
 im at smoke time sams in mason  wv 
 if someone bums you a cig  the most disrespectful thing you can do is smoke their lucky.
 high off weed lean ya love ya touch what ever gets me up lol
 literally tho that weed was for smoking purposes strictly
 i havent smoked a cig in 3 months this is what good dick will do to u
 fun fact i hate walking and smoking a cigarette  but i love smoking weed and going on walks.
 my new suite mate just moved in and ever since then its smelled like dank weed but she only speaks chinese what do i do
 i smoked a chocolate dutch this morning
 smoking the ganja again more than likely 
 my plug might have just gave me the most beautiful weed ive ever seen lol
 nowadays i dont even have the time to hate i look at all of them as weeds and weeds rot away
 ive smoked every day since i got my rec last year 
 i once watched @dmncdlq smoke a bundle of cigarettes simultaneously like rihannas trash boyfriend in the we found 
 if we havent smoked together  were not that close
 i wonder why people make it seem like smoking weed is such a bad thing
 for those who dont know weed keeps you open minded. aint nun wrong with alil herb.
 only rolled n smoked 1 wood since sundaythats a lil odd but oh well
 went from eating out all meals to only once a week  from spending 400wk on bud amp always needing to smoke to not buying amp being comfortable
 over 100 years ago the triangle shirtwaist factory went up in flames near wsp. today i go there to smoke weed and drink four lokos
 took one bite of my sandwich and i swear it tasted like weed
 woke up  smoked an l  ate a salad  drank a glass of water  amp now i feel good
 since moving to dtla ive given away more cigarettes than ive smoked. stoptryingtokillyourselves
 skin care weed
 days like today are the days i wish i could still smoke
 i hate people who skip school to smoke that shit is the dumbest shit ever
 i havent smoked a blunt in like 2 weeks. this is no bueno.
 i havent smoked in 5 months
 i can smoke all day 
 moving into application requirements for marijuana socialuse in denver
 its not that i only smoke woods... i only roll woods 
 i havent smoked in 3 days  my lungs need marijuana now 
 never done xans. never sipped lean. ive found my creative source without having to rely on substances. well except weed lol
 if i havent smoked with you youre just an associate
 @lipstickjunkie| i sold weed for two years. dont tell me what i cant do especially when you shop in the womens section.
 crooked thoughts laced with weed
 just smoked a cigarette. never again. fuck that noise
 miami  westpalmbeach  south fl. and every one surrounding come out and smoke 
 visit smokenvape9666 when your in manassas  va. kilo black series amp white series 5. fine glass 
 holly smokes thanks @brianredmond  my life will never be the same. foodporn @ he hu darz 
 i hate when my mom smokes cigarettes when im in the car w her 
 if you smoke reggie coo   im not judgmental but if you tryna match reggie you gotta gtf out my face
 this how you get scammed  they purposely give weed they didnt sell a different name to appeal to those people
 moving on is so hard  its like quitting cigarettes  you doing good until you smoke just one cigarette and you right back where you started
 yall females will have an whole 8th in your purse and still be looking for a free smokeup. 
 some people have major balls to grind and roll up their weed in front of me while waiting for their food...
 getting ready for today  making him breakfast  smoking weed.
 so the whole class just saw a picture of me holding up a pound of weed
 i havent smoked in almost two weeks  as you and as you can imagine im weefing 
 @kdvs903fm hi  trying to find out name amp artist of marijuana song mick mucus played today on chicken years
 ive smoked a blunt with a whole bum before lol...nigga had so much game bro  never know who you can learn from
 @chatstw vegantravel is been growing for the past 20 years. like weedsno pun intended
 i want to smoke a cigarette today.
 i wanna smoke afterschool but ive been spending wayyyy to much money on wax
 always remember to smoke blunts its good for the skin 
 limo weed liquor strippers and xanex  hell of a night
 .@wdrbnews fire chief says there was heavy smoke when crews arrived on scene at campbellsville university. 
 i havent smoked since july. when i get this job im going back to my old ways  i cant take it anymore
 @hatethiscity that girl that got hurt i guess is suing and im seeing lots of it weeds out the weak arguments on crowd killing etc
 @maddow what kind of dope do these guys smoke
 removes pet and smoke odors. has an essential oil green dot throughout the candle 5.95 each. 
 i just want to smoke and relax 
 um... dont sound like any weed ive ever smoked... 
 i think i smoked crack lastnight by far the funniest shit ive been told all day
 at ou people will smoke blunts on the way to class  while @ nku people will scream at someone in the middle of campus for smoking a cig 
 no cig smoked alone
 @lilboat7 @saucysimba @javieeercito @princehoeing the what kind of weed is this 
 about to smoke my blunt amp scroll down the tl 
 wish i remembered weed for when i only have a half hour break.
 when life gives you lemons you smoke them. 
 lets just say billy enjoyed the weeds today 
 ive smoked 28 grams ever 420 since 2014...
 naw  trust me ive smoked w a lot 
 bringing more weed to smoke with s person andor group of people also smoking weed. 
 i havent smoke for straight up two weeks  why 
 havent smoked in a month and a half  
 lol havent smoked a cig in like 4 days as soon as i take that first puff im gonna get light headed as fuck lol
 wayback wednesday at monterreys smoke house with super chefs @chefdionaking @somethingsmellsgood  and @djkaos414 
 i seen so many friendships start with you smoke
 where is the weed   smh still waiting on j to respond lol people man people
 no cigarette. no brew. no weed. its cool.
 i havent smoked for like 2 weeks and now i remember why i became a pothead. my job fucking sucks.
 i still havent smoked fml
 @flamealkahest nigga rappin wit smokepurp n shit now smh
 @36buns @airbagged thats what happens when you try to make a living selling weed socks for a living.
 @36buns @airbagged thats what happens when you try to make a living selling weed socks for a living.
 i need some woods i got weed no woods 
 ar@handuds248 weed out hate  sow seeds of love 
 ive never seen so much weed in my life 
 seeing people drive while on the cellphone in tv shows or movies is the new seeing people smoke on airplanes.
 30 minutes left in the shift and you need another smoke break... okay  cool
 also  smoked salmon doesnt smell good when the person across the room your sitting in is eating it.
 i hate when ppl smoke and act so different
 if i dont smoke hookah today i might die 
 i got a pound of the tree smoke  break it down to the ground only thing i ever followed was the g code
 @iamjas i wear my lingerie in the house all the time . even if im just about to smoke and watch a movie  its just something different
 im still trying to wrap my mind around the fact that i have weed coupons
 ever since my chefbretthaack got his smoker his been killing it   hes one heck of a chef and 
 smoke two joints before i smoke two joints then i smoke two more
 the sad fact is whoever came up with the idea to wrap weed up to look like limes will be getting their hand cut off tonight smh
 no wonder why so many people i work with smoke. 
 havent smoked in 5 days another 25 to go
 all day ive been thinking about coming home to smoke a blunt and its finally happening im so excited
 today i smoked a joint right next to my dad 
 i just some weed and ill be fine
 a white nationalist on the nsc attorney gen. that said  the ku klux klan was ok until he learned they smoked marijuana. jeffsessions
 damn i havent smoked in a while
 i havent smoked since this morning
 ive done nothing today but watch weeds
 ever since my chefbretthaack got his smoker his been killing it   hes one heck of a chef and 
 schumer blowing smoke |  schumer gorsuch avoided answers like the plague in meeting @cnnpolitics 
 ever since my chefbretthaack got his smoker his been killing it   hes one heck of a chef and 
 try smoke the whole damn thing 
 i never actually smoked weed before.
 go ahead  skin it. skin that smoke wagon and see what happens... 
 i know more than half my followers arent interested in weed and dabs like i am so follow my instagram for the terps 
 people smoke bongs and blunts while driving like wtf man shits dumb
 i havent smoked weed in months guys.
 i feel bad for people that ignore me cause i probably was just trying to smoke you out 
 everything seems different when you smoke a blunt up
 honestly  straight edge kids are worse than people that actually smokedrink.
 havent smoked in 48 hours
 i can honestly say i dont have the slightest clue as to why people smoke whether it be marijuana or cigarettes
 i been so sick i havent smoked anything since sunday yuhh im maaaad sober wtf
 @maddow voted on.they added 100 000 license fee  and other garbage to discourage marijuana available in nd for medical reasons ck it out 21
 i get so annoyed with people who post weed  xanax  etc. on snapchat. like why lmao
 damnn i just realized i havent smoked today.. that explains alot lmao
 trying to smoke a wood in the woods . in a jacuzzi. that sounds relaxing lol
 havent smoked all day so you know i been spazzing on lil shit
 all jokes aside we smoked a half pound maybe more
 teachers out here getting caught for weed 
 its 2017 and people still think its cool to snapchat videos of themselves smoking weed  just stop it for gods sake
 hate people who smoke all day everyday  turn off
 i dont smoke reggie but i love he way it smell when your first get it 
 remember  no one ever died from too much weed 
 i wana smoke wit a sommelier of ganja
 the best kind of weed  is the free kind
 i havent smoked a cigarette since june 25th.... i am craving for one so badly
 im gonna be the first person to smoke so much weed they died tn
 i didnt smoke for a week and that shit had me feeling retarded today
 but only dick is being smoked smh 
 @clearwaymn do you have data on what  of marijuana smokers also smoke cigarettes
 he clearly smokes something before he answers these questions 
 wow. just found 3 containers with weed. im..so...happy.. stoner stash ftw 
 reported kitchen fire at 46 baronwood crt. fire under control  smoke removal underway. no injuries reported ed 
 4 000 pounds of marijuana disguised as key limes seized at texas border | 
 all ive wanted to do today is smoke this joint brothers
 some people assume i smoke all the time but theyre so wrong. i havent smoked in a year...
 aaron went to smoke for a few minutes and this guy goes...youre not sitting by yourself are you...ya im just sucking down a pitcher solo
 two puffs then pass  the way a blunt supposed to be smoked smh
 yeah i know your baby momma fine to me   all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli 
 havent smoked in 3 days and im actually alright 
 this weeded out bro from co is kind of hilariously trying to get this programmer to be his secretaryaccountant in his weed business
 just ate a fistful of weed chex mix because i hate my job
 marsh smokes yet another cigarette  oblivious to its cancercausing agents. tcmparty
 1 14 papers i be smoking loud....... see you smoke out ounces and i smoke out of pounds there 
 ima just smoke hookah since i cant smoke anymore lol
 the fact that new people actually wanna smoke with me  makes me happy lol. i love smoking with new people . ik  im a weirdo.
 you going get your wild ass smoked first smh 
 its not time for all that smoke link dick 
 i like weed more than people
 @zavierelijahhh not all of yall mini tho i just need a mexican thats 58 or taller amp likes eating tacos w me amp smoking weed lmao
 i smoked to today  i hate cigarettes  i gotta stop
 wax is my new found love honestly its nicer than weed
 of course im smoking weed what kind of question is that
 you smoke hella reggie seeds and all 
 sober as shit havent smoked in damn near a week or two i feel like james brown 
 @ft one could vape tobacco  cannabis  spice or just about anything without an identifying odor.
 hashtag i need do find a plug in florida feels like i havent smoked in forever amp its dead only been 2 weeks
 ive been smoke free for 0 years  1 month  7 days  22 hours 
 nigga smokes .5s outta dutches still amp lives at home wit his momma amp think i need his shit brokeassnigga heneedsomemilk
 i havent smoked in 2 weeks 
 so many things i want to rid my life of declutter also thinking i want to smoke a bong bowl of salvia 20x again like 09 maybe it was 2010
 when you have weed and no woods. sadstory
 havent smoked since december .. thats good right
 that be cool to smoke with my parents but knowing them they will cut my hands first  
 @famousdex bruh dex link up and smoke wit us since the venue had you fucked up 
 id never smoke with my parents 
 @talkingcomics wait three episodes and i wasnt  lectured to about politics holy smoke time to resubscribe to this podcast
 im just holdin onto my breath i need smoke just to exhale
 should i wake drew up or smoke his weed first lmao
 wish people smoked me out as much as i smoke people out 
 bxtch the first episode of season 7 of the walking dead they better smoke tf out of neagan.
 yuon even smoke with me wtf
 are your smoke detectors going off yet 
 ive been eating so healthy lately amp havent smoked  amp now here i am banging straight garbage food 
 hate when people smoke my shit bruh
 40 days with out smoking marijuana. thats a record. the longest ive gone is 2 weeks 
 this guy hates weed 
 got them boots smoked 
 @andrewzimmern novicesmoker what about temperature  do they really monitor to keep under 275 and how do they on those open wood smokers
 lmfao damn he everybody weedman  
 couldnt even count the amount of times i hit the refresh button on hempfields twitter page this morning
 wana smoke and actually talk about shit like fr jus wana vibe and learn about you 
 i ate over 14 cup of weed butter yesterday in baked goods and im fine with that i just wish i had more for today 
 @givewell cool to hear you guys advertising on @voxdotcoms weeds podcast welltargeted
 is today smoke a cigarette  day legit saw more smokers on way to work than i can remember during any time since moving to wisconsin.
 damn  i wanted to smoke before my 10..
 sad i dont like the taste of chocolate hemp milk 
 @nikkicigfiend i like women that smoke long all white cigarettes with red or dark lipstick
 too cold to smoke a cig 
 if i had a backwood i would roll up but i smoked my whole 5 pack yesterday smh
 woah woah @deandelray listening to @madflavor he got u to smoke weed again
 @tiakenyatta weed and wings
 ive been asked to be apart a smoke session after school everyday this week
 just rolled up a power joint roaches i swea i got atleast 6 different kinds of weed n this bihhh 
 a goblet of smoke sugarfactory dryice berrybliss berries candy @ sugar factory 
 public service annoucement the smoked mac n cheese from the @redshedtally is . tallahassee eatthis reviewiscoming
 if u didnt know smoking weed is like smoking meth to these oklahomans lol | iweak 
 who has the hook up for keanu reeves he seems like the guy id smoke out and ask him all the questions people have probably already asked.
 nova ate weed today  wtf am i gunna do with her
 lost and out of touch i smoke too many cigarettes  and drink too much
 @potus @whitehouse @senatorsessions make sure that the klan members attending  drop their weed b4 wh checkpoints.
 havent smoked since sunday 
 better not be weed dealers 
 never smoked a day in my life.  
 im not sitting around looking stoopid trynna fig out where my next blunt too smoke for the day coming from yeaimhappy
 my breakfast i baked these beauties this morning oatmeal  date  hemp seed and almond muffins 
 @hightimesmag @norstackk @watchcut many years ago when i ask my mother if she had ever smoke pot her reply was  not yet  she was 80.
 wow....they really thought this through before trying to smuggle 4 000 pounds of weed  
 im smoking ganja you smoking tha flockaaaa
 why do people still wear weed clothes like its 2017 pal everyone smokes weed now.
 lmfao i smelt like weed and got searched now here i am getting in trouble for a fucking dab tool 
 you always caught me snubbed in  smoke from my blunt wrap
 after a little over a year living in la  i finally found a weed man .
 almond  soy  oat  hemp  cashew  etc can be used for milk and i cant believe im even commenting on this post as if 
 man look i choked on smoke lol 
 every time i smoke a cigarette i feel like im in a movie scene.
 havent heard a word on the news.theyre more concerned with ivankas nordstrom problem.trump is all smoke and mirr 
 @garcesgabbie still have yet to smoke with you smh
 @johnfugelsang this is a smokescreen... we should really be focused on important matter like dapl  sanctuary cities  etc.
  nut ass hookah smokers 
 day 4 no smoking. having a tough time  i wish i never smoked when i was younger. smoked over half of my life. icandoit
 i never smoked weed but that is weird
 i dead ass feel for whoever is trapped with no weed. smh.
 @kissmypinkx weed and the tape
 easiest way for me to tell if im sick is if i havent been smoking cigs .. smoked 3 in the past 2 days
 @marianax24 i havent smoked out of a bong is sooo long
 havent smoked good weed in a couple months 
 i hate when people bash marijuana.
 she stopped lecturing 20 minutes ago. now were talking about weed vs. cigarettes... in my economics course.
 this why rowan pope started b613 and smoked everyone  
 checking the bev mo website like its weedmaps
 i havent smoked a cig in over 2 years nice
 holy smokes this is the lexus lc500h and its a hybrid yep you read that right. lexuslclive cas17 
 2017 is i guess weeding out all the people that pretended to be my friend for so long i guess this is a blessing in disguise
 so should all alcoholics deserve to die since they have a problem too or people who smoke people who are addicted to prescription drugs
 poor nova  she ate weed today shes been looking like this since  
 wow very smokeie  like nothing ive ever had... double bastard bigger longer uncut  photo
 yet again theres no weed here 
 today in my psychology class nobody died from weed
 @reuters rich americans everywhere just smiled as they rolled 100 bills and smoked them.
 i hate them smokers that try to force papers on you lol move around
 i will never smoke a cigarette 
 us customs officials value the shipmentataround 789 467  which is a very specific dollar amount for a bunch of weed disguised as limes.
 @samopsal33 casually scrapes the resin out of the bowl to smoke and act like im not at a new low
 i am consistently under the influence of marijuana 24 hours a day  7 days a week. so many great naps.
 @hrw @margaretwurth for me the answer is easy i dont smoke and hate it when people smoke around me
 im just trying smoke honestly 
 safedragon update thanks @southlakedps for responding to cisd admin following smoke in warehouse all safely returning to building.
 i smoke to see the people who aint here no more.
 im so stressed i smoked three bowls and drank a whole bottle of wine last night. by myself
 people who smoke weed have nothing better to do with themselves  i just made the deans and chancellors lists for the 3rd time lol  k
  mocha amp cigarettes  imp. smoked porter  8.3 abv  50 ibu  we took our coffee amp cigarettes smoked coffee porter and beefed it up with 
 when your professor casually admits he loves smoking weed
 i think im right at 20 people for this session yo .... lmfaoo amazing how many people you can get together with weed 
 first person to come pick me up with a swisher can get smoked out with some cooks
 its only 4 pm and ive already smoked four blunts lmao 
 why are superfoods like chia and flax and hemp seeds so expensive bc the government does not want us to be healthy. that is why.
 i love smoking people out but i hate getting smoked out  like idk i feel like such dead weight if i cant contribute to the sesh 
 a frosh brought a four loko to joes and got drunk but didnt get expelled  while three girls smoked a year ago and got harsh punishment
 @themainemets and i have little faith in either edgin or smoker. i was really worried about this pen before the 2 recent signings.
 @thatboycurtis you should smoke wit a follower a week  no bullshit just contact and link for a different perspective bro
 stoner artist should hold consultations each week for people to just come smoke with them  like you could book appointments
 local dominicans stay sending me notifications to watch them smoke hookah on facebook live.
 smoke a lil weed but im never half stepping 
 i hate the type of people that post on social media that theyre about to smoke like no one cares. 
 since 09. february 2017 0 days smoke free  11 cigarettes nonsmoked  3.06 saved and 0 products achieved.  get rich or die smoking 
 if i smoke this whole half today i will be mad af tomorrow 
 in30minutesorlessicould break down a half o and smoke it all out of 4 blunts 
 havent smoked in like a month
 how tf do i have weed but no wrap nor a lighter
 im not trash  im not a hoe  im not broke amp i never smoked crack.
 havent smoked alll day can u just imagine how fucking bitchy i am
 i feel high af but i havent smoked all day lol 
 havent smoke in a month 
 day 3 bts beulah film smokers back alley between scenes. this looks like it can be a scene 
 smoking cigarettes can cause erectile distinction  which is yet another reason not to smoke
 i probably should not have just smoked that whole blunt to my face...... but im not at work so its okay  right
 @bambula @scott971b @dianeazarian @kcs7272 @sallykohn theyre like fucking weeds. you kill them but they keep coming up thru the cracks.
 i hate when youre driving and you just finished a cig  but then someone fucks up and almost kills you so you gotta smoke another one.
 @huskerfox theyve been stocking up on different types of paper since they were told that in march marijuana could become legal. well see.
 i have been steady riding hydros and weed smoothies since tuesday. ive never had a more fun boring ass bus ride before.
 love @buckeyeclair and @billisking together  still hoping for some smoked brisket biscuits 
 hate going to parties with kids from my school because all they do i smoke cigarettes and throw up after one shot 
 about to smoke this fat ass wood then another wood causefujhhh
 people who frown on people who smoke have never been high before. come here sis  let me take you on a flight.
 is there smoke coming from the white house yet his team is probably sedating dating him right now
 ive never qualified for financial aid and i dont receive tax returns for school bc i have a felony for cannabis. is that still a drug
 we have the answer to chilly evenings  enjoyed by our fireplace or yours. smoked hefe  peach cobbler  irish red  a 
 i havent smoke today im feeling stressed
 i havent smoked weed in 4 days and i feel awesome
 idc how fine you are  if you smoke cigarettes you ugly af
 i just heard someone say i could never live in durango my whole life. i would die of smoking weed.
 derius davis @yodere11 with the nicholls offer.  he  smoke  dtii amp co. are about to headline a pretty nice west 
 that smoke bag put me in a different zone mayne 
 ive watched 3 and a half seasons of weeds in 2 days. what is wrong with me
 @crabbybutcute my drugs of choice are caffeine  weed  and alcohol. mostly the first two.
 idk about yall but im pretty embarrassed that i go to a school where there was 6 fights amp people caught w weed and vaping  all in 1 day.
 i will never smoke
 why tf is yo weed making mfs throw tf up
 people just casually rolling up weed in starbucks reasonsilovecali
 havent smoked all day  should i do it or no
 havent smoked all day dont ask why i have an attitude 
 @mattweltzin i wish i could say 10  however havent smoked that stuff in like 10 years lol
 i hate that he smoke 
 im so sick of getting on snap and seeing weed amp pills..
 @shepnewsteam how do you still  have a job go have another smoke and touch up the pancake.
 tru life i think i accidentally smoked crack once
 @vanhuffer when i smoke meth i get like half a hit in and die
 nancy from stranger things is a smoke show 
 havent smoked in days ...smh im losing it
 i hate seeing people on snap smoke pot  like tf outta here you cant even clear the bong with that dirt weed 
 this what happen when you smoke for the first time in 2 years 
 thing seen in court today guy charged with poss of weed admitted to judge he smoked while driving to court. he also doesnt have a license.
 people still smoke cigs smh 
 bro lmao @valaaaaryj christa the what kind of weed is this head ass lmao 
 i hate people who smoke cigarettes in their cars with the windows up
 damn been over 4 months since i lasted dabbed and a week since i last smoked week i know it aint a lot but its a start 
 damn been over 4 months since i last dabbed and a week since i last smoked weed i know it aint a lot but its a start 
 yep my 30 amazon smoker is still probably the best purchase ive made in years. well besides my beyonc tickets of 
 tbt to when i played in a screamo band amp my parents were convinced i smoked meth with satan 
 then on top of that i havent smoked all day
 this is literally why i smoked so much weed  everybody annoys the living fuck out of me.
 if you smoke smh 
 blue jackets getting smoked at home... wow
 i have a lot of people on my snapchat smoking weed like bruh where tf yall be getting this shit at. yall be doing this everyday man.
 i just ate some weed chips and i guess am getting high right now
 cigarette smoke literally gives me the worst migraines
 you still smoking weed lol grow up and hit the meth already loser
 b thinks u cant have two blunts of hennessy but i beg to fucking differ he hasnt seen what they can do w weed these days
 suitmate is smoking the weeds
 my friends smoked catnip and i think theyre stupid now
 @aramacairotciv so annoying like ur cool u only smoke woods  catch me getting high from whatever
 you havent stared sweet death in the face until youve smoked a cig on the toilet  all the while ashing in between ur legs.
 i hate weed this ground up 
 @jtolds did he fill it with his own people  they are getting at me  i am believing everything i think. need some medical marijuana  doc..
 who tf has weed
 me hey chica we just smoked the rest of my weed do you have any chica autumn theres a whole branch over there like wtff
 itd be lowkey lit if hookah bars put cannabis in hookah instead of tabacco
 breaking firefighters are battling a fire on the 15th floor of a downtown hotel at 200 block of state st. heavy smoke reported.
 swear parents be getting drugs mixed up. they be getting the effects of meth and weed mixed up and shit. smh
 not buying anymore weed for a long time starting tomorrow  i really gotta start saving for miami if im tryna be lit in may
 why do people act so surprised when i say ive never smoked before do i look like a fucking stoner
 i. hate. cigarette. smoke.  biohazard
 i never smoked before  
 i havent smoked in 2 days thats my longest
 havent smoked cigarettes in 2 days this is the hardest thing ive had to do lol im fina get me a box tonight fuck the bullshit lol
 havent smoked allday my ass finna be friedddd
 if another person hits me up to get smoked out imma be pissed
 smh too much weed for allay 
 @jhocelynmirc lmao the nicest most genuine people i know smoke weed and drink  and thats okay
 proud to say i sold this painting and 3 others to @houseofsmokes smoke shop in las vegas.. thx 
 you cant making a living by smoking weed @sethrogen ....... 
 my look tonight could either be i have pinkeye or i just smoked a whole bunch of loud. the world will never know.
 @yasmeer16 yet i never smoke  lmao this is rare.
 my housemate sitting here smoking weed laughing  and going this is better than t.v. look at your outfit. etc yeah. what show.
 i need to smoke smh
 pisses me off that cops seem to care more about people smoking weed  then child molesters and rapists.
 what ive learned in boston 1.snow stays around for a while 2.many people smoke 3. you can do anything as long as you throw your hands up
 what ive learned in boston 1.snow stays around for a while 2.many people smoke 3. you can do whatever as long as you throw your hands up
 my criminal justice professor just asked the class how much a pound of weed costs... 
 why tf do people smoke cigs  its so nasty
 its funny how i be encouraging ppl to smoke and i havent smoked since i moved to cali 
 i used to think people who smoked cigarettes were doing it cause they were cold my teacher 
 idc ill smoke a half smoked cigarette if i need it bad enough
 lets do this no better good bull than fridays dont forget  smoked boudain today 
 not many people could say they smoked some broccoli with dram and ashed on his dog 
 i wish i still smoked all these new swishers coming out an shit
 went outside to smoke lastnight and seen one doing a handstand down the block 
 noticed this week that people were smoking weed freely in san francisco. i had forgotten that it is now legal in california.
 i smoked so much this year i couldnt even take a day off 
 i can get very disrespectful when i dont smoke my first blunt of the day its crazy
 @dejathecreator the coughingwhat kind of weed is this smoker
 ever find yourself wondering if your weed dealer is a white nationalist 
 hb2076 new increasing marijuana revenue distributed to local jurisdictions. 
 so @superduperbrick  since yall gonna be in denver on 420 smoke one with a bro after the concert haha
 okay  skeet  smoke  sleep  call  miss  text  woke  spoke  lie  feel  lisa  ew  time  kill  months  still
 yo people still smoke cigarettes......thats like the biggest self serve l in the world  @russdiemon 
 @russdiemon snap story today.. people still smoke cigarettes thats like the biggest self served l hahahah so true
 @lhosey5 smoke to clear the woods and kill the rabbit
 ive texted like 4 people today offering to smoke them down and ive gotten 0 responses. yall fake
 made a yummy morning vegan parfait today with @enjoyyoso unsweetened coconut yogurt  @manitobaharvest hemp seeds a 
 medical marijuana users should not lose their natural rights to bear arms.
 next time i get a roommate im making sure they know i smoke. they better be okay with it 
 a lot of people smoke. a lot. to the point where its something the people in the land of the free want to do  yet were not free to do it.
 yet ganjah still illegal.... 
 since deportsoros is behind legalizationever wonder what kind of gmoschemsare in that weed....   
  yo people still smoke cigarettes thats like the biggest self served l @russdiemon  well hes not wrong
 throwing 7 different kinds of smoke today.  one way or another  im going to pull off a miracle.  goals2017
 while he smoked a fat ass wood  
 @tylermerz look at member since dip weed
 @craigmod smokers have been the minority for over a decade  so its likely more people will go out to eat amp drink if its 100 smokefree
 just sold some weed to the creator of rocket power. my life is complete lolll
 medicinal cannabis seeds will make more profit than those tomatoe seeds bubba 
 people at school are surprised that ive never smoked weed like im a good child.. @kw4irish
 generally speaking  you can usually weed out the very worst security reporters by those who cover things like data privacy day  to name one.
 yo its been 2 yrs since ive smoked... holy shit
 watching @pewdiepie smoke a pipe is the best thing ive seen
 5 people have asked me to smoke with them today i feel so honored
 havent smoked today so i havent ate today either 
 it wasnt until i stopped smoking weed that people started accusing me of being high  guess im better at acting sober when im high 
 never seen a girl inhale the smoke right when recording herself hitting a blunt for snapchat
 i havent smoked any tobacco since wednesday and it feels weird. fucknicotinewithdrawals
 my friend ive never smoked backwood before. me 
 you ever seen someone smoke so much they look like a cigarette
 70 years of smoking  perf blood gas  orange beard. this guy would probably die if he didnt smoke.
 ppl that smoke weed be like  @ atlantic station 
 and now i got half a joint to smoke  lifes great
 hate bitches who smoke like this bruh 
 i hate them times you smoke and end up getting a panic attack. life just hits you like
 probably weed and body odor. 
 hope everyone feels inclined to get their smoke on now  on this fine friday evening
 @will0004 never got the appeal of that guy. honestly think hrc wouldve smoked him.  @cnn
 still high from the first blunt i havent smoked in 8 months
 @alanawhitee i hate people that say i smell like weed every day
 @coloradoan @poudrefire smoke from the fire on carpenter visible from @vestas east of windsor 
 first annual comixer with noteflight amp soundtrap at tmea2017 going on right now @ smoke 
 im shameless about smoking weed in public but ashamed of smoking cigarettes lol let me live 
 my momma told me imma be a crack head if i keep smoking weed  i didnt know weed took you down that route 
 dopest dope ive ever smoked  saul silver
 a cig smokers worst nightmare lighting a cig in the morning just to realize the window is frozen shut
 i hate the smoke 
 wow this weed is so beautiful
 its been 8 months since the last time i smoke a cigarette 
 @ people who smoke weed  do you plan on still smoking if you have kids just wondering.
 @brinnayisette when you smoke seeds and stems
 my niggas blowing on pounds of smoke
 hes like the lord of weed
 its not half of the people i know have never smoked weed  
 like the damn burn on my carpet . i smoke hookah damn near every day amp never dropped the charcoal . so the fact that somebody else did 
 vaping instead of smoking marijuana makes you 10x cooler  
 origin cannabis company  origin .@origincannabis seattle cannabis topshelf promo 
 so @kileyyya smoked hookah yesterday  just keep to mind i can turn any1 to a hookah smoker 
 our budget roadshow kicks off march 2 in sohum what are your priorities for  from 2016s commercial cannabis tax 
 the field is the world  and the good seed stands for the people of the kingdom. the weeds are the people  . . . 
 also smoked cocktails were a trend 5 years ago. 
 i honestly like weed more than i like people
 my inner valdosta is telling me to smoke a cig but the tallahassee in me is like dont do it
 im high  its the first time i smoked in like 3 months
 dessert  with smoked chocolate ganache.  drinking an ola dubh 12 year special reserve at @thegranarysa  
 hate a bitch that think she getting smoked out naw hoe u gotta bring sum too
 montrealnative @williamshatner still loves smoked meat. deli 
 i hate people who sit next to me smelling like straight smoke .
 the past three days it been raining today it decide to be sunny cant smoke a blunt damn insects
 its like everyone got my plz come to river city invitations all at the same time bc i havent been that weeded since summer. jfc.
 i smoked weed ive never smoked weed ive tried that it would be like 2000 im so drunk
 being around cigarette smoke physically makes me sick
 ive been slowly slipping into i giant hole of depression  no one notices  no one cares  weed is the only one there  and thats fine.
 people smoke one blunt for the first time amp think theyre a stoner lol 
 badvalentinesdaygifts reggie ass weed
 duck confit  with double cut house smoked bacon  foodporn @thefatmonknyc @ the fat monk 
 wow i really had 3 liquid marijuanas  paul and ciroc. i was feeling amazing.
 im tired. im up off 3 hours of sleep. my feet hurt. i have no weed. i havent eaten all day....
 rum  weed  and nuggets an autobiography by @delaneyauth and me
 half the people my age are getting marriedhaving kids meanwhile im just over here like damn who should i smoke this next blunt with 
 nine year old just asked me for weed ...i started to smack his lil ass
 yall i can smoke a half in three days  is that normal 
 @roguepotusstaff bad idea to start a fire for the smokescreen when youre in the middle of it.  tend to get burned.  this is watergate x100
 @giiiian lol ive never smoked one
 the people in the apartment below me sure like to smoke weed 
 im so pissed  i dropped a half of weed behind my bed and the carpet ate it 
 havent smoked in like 3 days... probably why im agitated
 havent smoked since monday i think im stop for a while if im being honest
 been so long since ive been able to sit on the porch and smoke. im loving this warm weather 
 since when did the tides change to wear i can get narcotics and pills within one text but cant find one gd weed dealer anymore strange
 this blunt looks sad because i havent smoked it yet.
 the people in front of us are smoking the cheapest fucking weed. i can guarantee theyre from jersey.
 i havnt smoked in 2 days wow i havent gon longer than that 4 almost a year
 i never smoked before  this shit so weird
 backstory riley maintains all the weed seeds. thats why hes so popular and close with jasper. monty is more of  
 i smoked pot once for 25 years  our current uber driver 4stars
 what can i say  im married to the weed  
 i hate smelling ppl fu ass weed in house parties
 in a 3 or 4 month time frame i attempted approximately 3 times to smoke and discovered that its not my thing anymore
 amp still i smoke.
 i smoked a blunt today.... 3 and half years later i finally hit my first one again
 i want a strawberry  grape  banana bowl smothered in homemade cashew milk  topped w hemp seeds and cacao nibs neeed. fruitarian vegan
 people look at me with the same astonishment when i say either that ive never smoked weed or that im a virgin. and its hilarious to me.
 i need to smoke smh
 people still brag about smoking weed its 2017 now  most every american smokes weed. fact
 i havent smoked all day 
 i havent smoked in months  i barely drink now amp im actually pretty chill about it
 @insuccure weedys im fucking sjsownakak
 the smell of alcohol  weed amp hookah. my friday night.
 people smoke vape pens like the oil isnt being heated up by a lithium battery
 and thousands of people die from legal substances  but cant smoke weed
 ive got nothing against people who smoke cigarettes  but if theres 1 thing i wish didnt exist cigarettes would be it 
 i died from marijuana
 @amazinglegs im blowed rn. and i only smoked half of it.
 wow dude i love weed  john lemon
 wish my parents smoked a little thc when they have bad days man
 damn ive never smoked once in my life idk people asking me for a plug 
 btw   i still havent smoked since 2016 
 soeasyamonkeycoulddoit smoke cigarettes
 wow you smoke weed please  tell me more about it
 never would smoke a cigarette 
 my friday night  even tho ive never smoked weed in my life 
 the dolphin smokes too 
 massholes u won the super bowl  smoke more meth and see u next year
 savannahs drunk ass bought a wrap so we could smoke... here i am smoking alone
 i gotta say  my managers are cool as shit definitely took another 15 minute break just to smoke a cigarette.
 i havent smoked pot in 15 years. but if i did now id quit. theyre coming for ya potheads its safe amp easy . 
 i will never understand why people shoot up anything... its never that serious. smoke you and j and relax lmao jesus
 heart thank you lord for removing the weeds that are in my heart  who removes your weeds coffeewithjesus 
 smoking dank ass weed and listening to techno at 8am ftw 
 lowkey scared to get out of my car cause theres a group of people outside getting smoked...
 its a blessing having parents you can smoke with foreal. i need to twist one up for my momma soon tho. miss her life.
 but get caught with 5g of weed and your in jail for years 
 make her scroll weed all the time
 indeed if its weed. 
 why do people hate those who need marijuana
 @drudgereport we will never know the truth of how george michael died. this leak looks like a smoke screen  in my opinion anyway.
 damn i bought a 8th of some lemon smelling shit but it smoke like some   im salty asf  southphillyforya
 so i havent smoked today but im drinking coffee... wheres the difference
 2017 the year of marijuana like the 80s was for crack
 had some sort of nightmare that i smoked all my bud 
 sooo many people wanted to say so much when we were smoking weed in high school but now wanna be smoking heavy 
 feels good to be getting paid to smoke a cig rn
 hate when the weed man dont answer 
 we are smokin some salmon in our low temp cook and hold smoker oven come stop by fwebooth2828 to learn more abo 
 i tend to be a pretty extreme diy girl. im tackling these weeds myself  let you know if i feel the same next wk @twilliamsandrew
 @kendalrhodess @norcross now they can look like total badasses while they bust parties and arrest 16 year olds for smoking weed
 time to smoke a wood 
 hate when a nigga try to make conversation in the middle of a deal  like i js came for the weed thats it 
 i always thought about just smoking weed all day
 yesterday morning i smoked with reggie and his coworker and the blunt lasted for an hour and 15 minutes with three people still dk how lol
 keeping marijuana away from children is still one of the most important considerations. 
 its been so long since i seen my eyes white you know i smoke like dry ice
 @martinsaisha i think the weedsquach beats him out in light of recent activity
 polk county weed better than tallahassee 
 i know a few people whom smoked weed with their parents.
 since sears has jobs im like a fan that blows smoke and @beyonce
 i smoked weed 330 days out of 365 since i was 15. when in college i stopped at times. i havent really smoked  dope since february 2016
 @madeintyo damn i really thought lol still on my check list to smoke with you
 our peanut butter nuggets are soft and chewy and our bones freshly smoked. all treats your 
 the time has come to cultivate the trump in the groundswell. group prayer. civic prayer lets weed out hate 
 our peanut butter nuggets are soft and chewy and our bones freshly smoked. all treats your 
 smoky and moleey  drinking a mole smoke by @surlybrewing at @surlybrewing    photo
 we took a trip to flavor town today. we live here now. @ smoked kitchen and tap 
 no   you like weed but you hate poor people  its real 
 took a dab  smoked a bowl  and 2 drops of cbdoil and i feel awesome  especially with it being so nice outside  
 just smoking to say they smoke smh 
 three tablespoons of hemp seeds supply eleven grams of easily assimilated protein. if youre 
 so some white lady called the cops on me earlier  amp said i was smoking weed.  im pregnant  why would i do that  fuckin hate people yo stg
 dam havent smoked to berner in a minute
 i hate breaking down weed some much
 chocolate almond milk for everybody unless nut allergic  then u can have hemp milk or coconutrice milk 
 seeing my cherry blossoms bloom makes me feel hopeful. but it could also be the weed.
 new smoked so many cigarettes in this show 
 new york smoked so many cigarettes in this show 
 its my birthday amp ive been sober and drugfree for 100 days. not sure exactly how many days lol. oct 30th was the last day i smoked tho.
 @shellykennisto1 @gumball55668882 we have too many of them have to weed them out and expose them people have choices to boot these scum out
 me after not smoking weed for months and doing a small dab 
 ever since i started smoking weed i understand units of measurements better than ever before.
 what kind of weed are you smoking what kind of drink are you sippin
 @henryeckold im going to smoke meth. up the ante
 i aint sip or smoke yet so far my b day is mediocre
 @jakemiller wtf did you smoke
 its been a min since ive smoked
 all these people at the park and nobody has a joint to smoke. smh lol
 people who have nice ass cars amp smoke in them piss me off.
 some kid tried to sell me a vape pen at the skatepark and right as i take my headphone out to say i didnt smoke i ran into another kid lol
 drinking a smoked chocolate cherry stout by @lionbridgebrew at @lionbridgebrew  
 just watched 30 minutes of smokey amp the bandit 3....remember why ive not seen that in 30 years now @southsidesteve
 im wondering how many cigarettes new york smoked on ilovenewyork
 the smoke really compliments the cherry... smoked chocolate cherry stout  photo
 @sandbox22 two hours in  getting a good smoke even tho its a little touch and go with the temp and wind babybackribs docwilsonbbqandbrew
 man i hate being soberrr  ima smokerrrr
 i havent smoked in a while and now im craving a cigarette 
 smoked weed the day i met you  smoked weed the day i left you.
 i fucking hate wind. first of all  you cant smoke hookah...
 i be thinking my cali drivers license and a license to carry weed around the county.
 i be thinking my cali drivers license and a license to carry weed around the country.
 there arent many things that i hate more than the smell of cigarette smoke 
 rockwood charcoal outsiders drum smoker cajun sausage makes for a fine dinner. 
 ive never been so angry . i need to smoke before i kill someone
 its not good for pregnant people to smoke right or am i trippin
 who has weed in columbus 
 austin just smoked out of a fucking cucumber
 chocolate cannabis  hit me  
 two more weeks and i can smoke again 
 cheat day  must be weed day.
 i have been sick and dizzy all morning.. then i smoked a joint 
 just an observation. last few times ive been in howard beach  the smell of weed was potent. how many ticketedarre 
 told my parents i smoked weed and they said we have too. cool 
 i havent smoked a cigarette in probably almost two weeks now and withdrawal has put me in the worst mood
 jr smoked in the basement while we went to the store. this nigga is fucking retarded on god
 where the weed in atlantic city 
 @omatelli thank you i havent seen you in forever hmu to smoke sometime 
 i like weed more than people .
 i have a confession to make ive never smoked weed 
 da weed had me cryin earlier smh
 been in bed since 5 havent smoked or ate  im fucked up man
 1 month clean from smoking weed.
 on top of the 8 other woods n spliffs i smoked earlier. lol
 i think im about to start smoking weed again fuck probation its been a good 9 months since i hit a blunt.
 ive had a long ass week and now im gonna smoke a shitload of weed and eat a giant bag of doritos and take care of a fella named rob.
 say it loud and say it proud i fucking love smoking marijuana
 you want to go home and smoke at the end of the day fine. if you smoke first thing in the morning  during the day  all day  
 havent smoked in 2 days
 @anactualmess str8 ppl arent alowed to smoke weed
 i hate when people be overly thirsty to smoke. its just weed fam.. 
 my first bite of the main was a smokey  mushroom and the world literally stopped as i had a 
 i havent touched alcohol since august 2015  and havent smoked since september 2015. i feel like im doing good. thanks sierra
 hate smelling weed if its not on memine
 omg. i havent had a smoke in like a week. i would kill for one. im serious.
 smh what kind of bud are you letting him smoke @cyartym18 
 i think i just smoked some bad weed
 on a scale from 110 how smoked are you.  me slowly raises eyelids i cant answer that rn please .....
 @vsalinassss omg or just smoke some crack and your be fine to 
 you can tell what kind of person someone is by what brand of cigarette they smoke
 havent smoked in a week  i feel good but im ready to be high asf again
 i stg when get good amp not be sick no more im facing like 3 blunts man  i havent smoked in a min 
 yummy cake batter   pho marijuana concentrate rule    marijuana medicalmarijuana sb420 
 that sugar milk after frosted flakes is like weed keef i swea lol
 the worst kind people are the ones who brag about being high when we all know they just smoke seeds and stems 
 just smoked a hybrid ..  and cannot stop laughing 
 im so high but i aint smoked yet
 i havent smoked or partied in over a month .. shows a lot
 trust me bruh... ive smoked an 8 gram joint. and that aint even the craziest shit ive done
 i aint smoke weed in like 8 months hahaha damn
 i hate seeing people i care about smoke. bc losing a loved on by that is the worst
 i have also only smoked 1 cigarette today and my body feels so much less tired than usual.
 if i dont get a dab in my system im gonna lose it lmfao. this is the first day in ages i havent smoked and work is not being kind to me.
 i havent smoked in a whole 46 hours amd i just wanna say fuck this
 been up since 530  havent eaten an entire meal and havent smoked once. yeah thats why i feel like shit. gn
 i hate being around people who smoke cigarettes. theyre always so irritable when theyre not smoking  uhhh chill outtttt 
 hate hate hate that you smoke when ur mad
 sitting on the balcony of a hotel overlooking katl enjoying the planes nice weather and the plumes of weed smoke rising up from below. 
 wow well i smoked nyc sour d before work and now im braindead
 yo i smoked for the first time im a year
 going on 2 weeks i havent smoked . 
 i smoke so i can smoke cigarettes
 i hate hate hate hate hate cigarette smoke
 i havent smoked a cig in two days i think this is it guys i think imma quit 
 for anyone that smokes even a cigarette i or more cigarettes per day  consider switching to 
 i used to dj by just playing a prerecorded mix on cassette. id hang out outside and smoke and go inside to flip the tape every 45 minutes.
 i really just smoked 2 ls 2 myself and let my bf hit 1 once lol i hate myself
 @ufc @barclayscenter where was security tonight people smoking weed and fighting in the arena
 went downtown on the river tonight shit was perfect wish we wouldve had some weed though that was my bad lol
 i just smoked for the first time in 7 days and i dont think ive ever been higher than i am right now
 when you ate that weed @theyl0vekay 
 im the only person in the world that dont smoke never did never will 
 my mom would never smoke weed and i would never want to do it with her honestly..
 you can still buy a cig at 18 but need to be 21 to buy weed smh
 its like everyone on my snap decided to smoke weed tonight  im so proud
 dude had the nerve to ask if i smoked meth to cause my tongue was green lmfao
 im @ fat sullys ordering pizza for riff raff n this guy walks up 2 me n says do u like riff raff i sold him weed. n i said whos that
 rns ive been detoxing from weed for the last two weeks i went from 2 to 3 blunts to one and sometimes none like today
 whenurfriendsmellsyourhair amp its filled w cubancigar smoke bc of him smh im still tryna 
 people be gassing tf outta their weed 
 go smoke with my dawg ced
 just smoked a joe with 12 squad on ft  y is it 440 y am i up tf
 when i get this weed out of my system the first thing im doing is getting this job at the hotel
 all day yesterday i ate  one slice of pizza  i took 6 shots of henny in like 45 minutes and smoked  i was gone 
 i aint never smoke with my parents but i smoked with my grandma before
 first smoke of the day is da best 1
 my bfast overnight steel cut oats  almond milk  chia seeds  banana  wheat germ  a little hemp granola. dont forge 
 its is. the season bron went to miami  miami had gotten smoked by boston in the 1st round. it was almost a sweep. 
 when youre with a dominican you smoke hookah at 10 am 
 @noreaga when is  @devindude420  coming on the 1 podcast in the world @drinkchamps ... smoke sumthin
 i think i also smoked like  two bowls last night lol
 i cant believe smoking weed is illegal and white people wearing durags isnt
 come to old trafford and get smoked 
 yep  smoked pork chops in stock. red wattle from our friends at wickham farms in maquoketa. 
 this mornings nicecream is topped with hemp hearts  chia seeds  almonds  and cinnamon  
 @smokepurpp forgot how much i loved smokepurp
 how cool that ann arbor allows people to smoke weed in public for one whole day in protest of the legalization of marijuana
 today begins my first of many days without smoking weed 
 i honestly hate being drunk  rather just smoke my weed
 i hate when people post themselves smoking on snapchat then they say theyre fried like we get it you smoke youre not cool
 i havent smoked a blunt in a week 
 @trenzy lol good i was like damn we cant be frans no moe . but i dont smoke no moe 
 @professorlou1 they were smoked for like 4 hrs. best ribs ive ever eaten
 i hate when people smell weed and come up on you all aggressive like arron what is that smell like its the end of the world or sum
 why am i so unintelligent because people need weed again
 the smoke alarm is going off and theres a cigarette still burnin  please tell why
 i havent smoked a cigarette in 3 weeks amp i want one 2 day.. or maybe 2 just for all day.. thats ok right
 them sipping smokers the reason js be running i hate yall lls 
 yall hoes be looking smoked tf out 
 i smoked a whole pack of cigarettes last night  drank way too much  and damn near close fisted my mans face  it was lit
 ive come a long way lol but 910 ion believe shit people tell me. i just listened and really be thinking about the next blunt im smoke
 aint smoke in 6 years but my rolling skills still elite lmao 
 i think i just smoked the nicest joint ever
 drive to bumfuck hampton just to sit in front of someones house and smoke smh..
 @perripiper  lets smoke tom cat meow purrrrrrrific i will bring the wraps   what flavor lefty time 
 my answer when people be like why u smoke so much 
 all i do is smoke cigarettes and drink coffee  but thats okay right
 havent smoked tobacco in a few months but i really want a backwood...
 dude  i havent smoked in nearly a year hahahahah talk about a tolerance break 
 lol remember like sophomore year when my friends ditched me bc i smoked weed nice
 for the people that think i lost myself keep thinking that.. because its just weed dolls.
 wow check out the signature of the smoke plume in the dualpol rhohv 
 @nickedmondson smoking weed everyday is getting your shit together wow so jealous
 its a beautiful day out today. smoke weed  be active  enjoy life  etc.
 i smoked in my moms sweater the other day amp i was terrified i deadass drowned it in perfume before i went home 
 i just smoked a blunt w my 72 year old coworker  wyd
 i never buy weed i just get free weed lol
 bout to be 5 months since i smoked weed
 i smoke two joints before i smoke two joints and then i smoke two more
 i havent smoked in so many days and i just smoked a whole joint to myself before my shift pray4me lol
 i feel like id smoke half of one amp be like nvm but idk
 do dolphins smoke seaweed lol
 absoul says the word potty three times in smoke again and i dont think i like it
 i live in cali and i havent smoked in over a week.... 
 is the trash smokers can win  i expect lm to win a grammy for touch next year 
 3 time golden bear smoked porkbelly tacos are perfect pwc2017 ty clarksburg @ old sugar mill 
 drinking a january barbecue smoked cider by @tiltedshed @ highlands  nj  
 havent smoked in a month damn near. gonna really miss it with these floor seats to the cers game tmmrw night 
 @chefbcons smoked trout dish at a recent @hyattscottsdale @knobcreek dinner. link in bio for 
 i hella wanted to skate today but no ones hit me up so looks like im smoking weed by myself til i pass out
 best sunday weve had in months  and i didnt pull out the smoker. smh
 i havent smoked yet who can i smoke with for the first time
 that smokes cigarettes for a living. i sound bad
 its weird when people say smoke out down state but its smoke you up upstate
 great smoke. ive half a box of the lancero. mommy good.  cigarweekly approved 
 for the past two days that ive came home my parents have asked me if im smoking marijuana
 havent smoked all day i feel like bruce banner when someone gets him mad
 @cannabischapel will be at the 2nd annual cannabisweddingexpo next week in denver .   stop 
 i havent smoked in almost a week 
 im so glad i finally grew up and got away from people that were condoning my drinking and alcoholism  weed over alcohol any day 
 this nigga ceelogreen smoked hella meth with fergie before the grammys
 things im looking forward to with the apartment giant windows and a high ceiling  ill be able to smoke hookah again  no children and ....
 havent smoked so  
 i havent smoked hookah in forever
 wish i smoked so this nap could be 10x better
 people still smoke cigarettes
 kind of annoyed. i usually get inundated with calls from weed dealers... but none want to send photos of it rn. i just want weed 
 iive smoked freebase n the only comparable feelin is sliding into some warm pussy for the first time after a decade and a half of jerkin off
 @notseanbuckley well no wonder they were out for 2 days  they just ate 225 worth of weed in a couple bites....... bc thats v possible
 the chain smokers are djs. not artists. talented  but i dont think that they should win a grammy
 you smoke reggie 
 some people like to smoke.  smh 
 havent smoked all day i will do so once im done with all this work though treatyaself
 i picked the right time to smoke bruh. im tripping balls in this beyonce performance. 
 wheres the chocolates thats some disrespectful ass shit. give me chocolates amp weed  
 roxy hitting hard  im feeling fucking sick  have to smoke a half ounce just to balance it out 
 funny thing  i grew up seeing all those cigarette ads and never smoked one. make your own choices b. niggas smoke everyday
 its 2017 and people still smoke cigarettes
 you ever be mad af  then smoke  then think damn i was tripping  
 time to smoke meth goodtweak
 you ever be mad af  then smoke  then think damn i was tripping  
 @voxdotcom @blkrocket he weeded out hate and sowed the seeds of peace. 
 probably finna smoke me two blunts and crash 
 gracie aint smoked a cig all day lol wtf
 ive got the prerolls  an no one will smoke em with me 
 .@metallica was my first ever concert in the pit....also the first time i smelled weed. what a life for a 13 year old.
 happyi  weed sipping  
 shooting a cannabis yoga event with a vape bar n ive never felt like i was right where i was meant to b more than rn
 damn 2017 and people still asking publicly for weed on facebook.
 i havent smoked for a good 34 weeks 
 currently have a fever and coughing like ive smoked 12 packs a day for 22 years  plz help.
 wow im getting good grades  workin amp smoking all the weed i want. im finally the person ive always wanted to be 
 i havent smokeddrank since i found i was pregnant in october 2015.
 so i raged at the bus driver and how i fucking hate him so some guy sitting next to me gave me hella weed lmao
 its been a minute since someone smoked me out
 i havent smoked in like a month.....im so fucking high
 when yall ladies say thing like i couldnt be no nigga i be thinking yo damn right cuz a nigga wouldve been smoked yo ass
 watched the entire season of americancrimestory today. if i still smoked  id need a cig bout now @mssarahpaulson
 hands down dopest dope ive ever smoked
 i think im getting weed infused cakepops for valentines day 
 when i was 12 i told myself i would never drink  do drugs or smoke ive literally done all 3 of those things in the past week i hate myself
 dude when i smoked a joint.... 8 fucking grams in that bitch 
 ive smelled cigarette smoke for two days straight now   so obviously ive got a brain tumor   right
 yeah i would never smoke a cigarette ever in my life 
 i hate you. thanks for breaking my heart dick weed 
 i rolled a blunt and smoked in 10 minutes. im the real mvp.
 bullshit i have to go thru ten years after it happened ....i wish i never wouldve started smoking weed ...ill never smoke it again fml
 ice for the bong  so my smoke is chilled shit  i burnt my first joint to cypress hill  for real
 i havent smoked pot in 5 months and everyone still continues to pass me the blunt lol
 i ate so much today holy smokes im going to explode
 ive just been drinking jack and smoking weed all night
 4 weeks since ive smoked a blunt  im hanging in there lmfao
 sb0974 new as introduced  removes from the definition of marijuana the requirement that an institution of highe... 
 i measure my days out by how many blunts i smoke daily
 they dead ass fought in the comments about someones opinion on marijuana for two days ... 
 i havent smoked since thursday
 arizona cannabis business expo | april 12 amp 13 |  
 wow. weed plugs arent up at this time. wtf
 my cousin dog was one of the first dogs ive ever seen take bud from another person and drop it next to her feet becus he was ready to smoke
 i convinced bae to let me do a nice subtle smokey eye with a wing liner and ive never made such a perfect wing in my life
 weed prices have gone done so much since ive smoked  i got in at the right time
 havent smoked in like 2 weeks  went through an eighth in like.... 6 hours today tho  hahahahaha
 shoulda smoked half l
 i wonder how the kids who smoked cigarettes every day in grade 9 to look cool and got addicted are doing now  said no one ever
 these so called artists that are nothing more the old saloon people who slept with everyone and thank and smoked themselves to death
 i havent smoked herb in 2 days lol amazing
 i hate when people hit me up to smoke 
 done installing relays...no smoke yet 
 woke up smoked a pound of dro
 if i still smoked i would be sleep now
 amp cancer runnin thru my momma but she still smoke   my cousin got sentenced to 20  think its still hope 
 i have not smoked a cigarette in over a month that ashtray would be full of cigs  but im proud 
 left all my weed and grinder at bretts house so i was so happy to come home to half a bowl i saved myself 
 thank god for smoke detectors or i wouldve died today 
 havent smoked in forever   so when i do hit the blunt like twice i be high asfffffff 
 he sowed seeds of hate 2 win. now hes reaping a harvest of hate. pull the weeds out of your speeches amp see what grows.@foxnews
 @burnie a million dollars but your farts are now visible in a cloud of green smoke.
 im sitting here like smoke or not smoke that is the question. aaaahhhhhh
 after a weekend of anarchy as result of 9th ruling i will spend all day getting smell of smoke out of my clothes. we burned buildings down
  dang im sick asf i lost my 5 i wouldve got some weed  
 @doczeus no  youre seeing the smoke. were all seeing the smoke. its being masked with he won.
 boy made me think he was leaving and then just smoked a cig at his car 
 i hated chillin with a certain group of people who smoked cigarettes 247 always had to have the window rolled down 
 i hate weed smokes weed 
 probably the best weed ive ever had tbh 
 i havent smoked a cig in damn near 2 weeks but the way this fucking day is going . man oh man
 who got weed and wax in az
 my manager just asked me if i smoked a blunt before coming to work  a person just cant be tired
 i just did the math and i smoke just about a pound of weed a year by myself
 i hate clicker questions almost as much as i hate cigarette smoke 
 juice of the week  eclipse by smoke crossroads 
 people just hating on steph now lol. isaiah ahead right now but two years its a wrap. steph will smoke by him too.
 this place would be smoked tf out 
 i have had my locker for this long and only just now discovered that someone carved the word weed on the front
 conservatives too  this is a shit show and i smoke more cigarettes a day now  
 why do people think its okay to smoke on the damn train
 thats the same idiot that wanted to write my story about cannabis and no more pills about 2 weeks ago hes an a 
 i smoke 1015 blunts a day
 i work 13 hours straight yesterday .. i havent smoked since saturday before i went to work 
 my gf doesnt smoke so i dont like to be smoking around her .... i havent eaten since 1pm yesterday and got not sleep 
 its too damn early for me to be smelling cigarette smoke and for you to be smok
 its too damn early for me to be smelling cigarette smoke  and you to be smoking 
 my first workout back since i was sick and i sound like i smoked a pack a day for 20 years
 the people i more so hate are the ones who tell me to smoke weed instead of taking meds ive been taking for years.
 i think i feel good cause i havent smoked a cigarette in 40 hours is that supposed to be some kind of accomplishment
 i think ive always had a bad memory but reefer made it 2x worse
 ok. skeet smoke sleep call miss text woke spoke lie feel lisa ill time kill moms still.
 i havent smoked in over 24 hours  fuck being this sick  ive been in bed for over 18hrs too  physically hurts to get out of bed awesome
 idk what i hate more unfrosted pop tarts   cigarette smoke or cats 
 @tomilahren have you ever smoked weed i really think it would calm you down
 cheerios have been scientifically proven by me to make life better.  try adding chia seeds  hemp 
 bitches be out here lookin smoked tf out
 i been smoking for 12 years straight only time i ever stopped was when i was pregnant amp ion look smoked out
 some people really disgust me.... can pay for weed  clubs  and drinks but cant pay for their childs necessities.
 @stayzestyj the fact that you can smoke two ounces and not die is a talent.
 @mrsbakervengenz it would be nice if law enforcement didnt invade peoples private hotel rooms in the midwest over the smell of weed
 bout to roll up three different kind of weeds plus wax ... binladin
 420deals today at inyo fine cannabis buy any 3 @dixieelixirs products get a 100mg chocolate bar 
 i hate the smell of cigarette smoke on clothes omg
 okay  skeet  smoke  sleep  call miss  text  woke  spoke lie  feel  lisa ew  time  kill  months  still 
 ive had my naked smokey palette since it came out and ive only used it once 
 @truthorange heres another fact the biggest smokers are white people i started smoking at age 21. youdontscaremeworthadropofpiss
 still havent made your valentinesday  plans yet  join us for smoked oysters on half shell sendtwitteravalentine 
  you have to weed out the people you love from the people you admire.
 never smoked 
 ...... im going to smoke a fine cigar  opus x   tonight in honor of @genchuckyeager birthday today.... have a great day sir 
 @michaelbochenek @hrw @margaretwurth i dont smoke
 1000blk convention plz. @usbank  companies on scene investigating an odor of smoke. bldg evacuated. stlcity 
 never seen her smoke before  
 lmfao i would go easy on them and still smoke these sukas 
 if you havent watched weeds on netflix i suggest you do it. 
 today marks the day where i stop everything bad. im done drinking  smoking hookah  and weed. time to better myself.
 i smoked so much weed this weekend it couldve lasted me like two weeks and now i have none 
 dying rn cuz my chinese international student homie is sitting next to me in class rn amp just asked me when am i going to let him try weed
 cant date anyone who smokes cigarettes. i hate the smell of that shit  
 mmmm... this is my best hummus yet i made it with fresh kale and toasted hemp hearts. hummus 
 dea removes marijuana misinformation from website after months of public  legal pressure  via @safeaccess cannabis
 @truthorange who cares if people smoke  its not our choice to tell people what they can and cant do with stuff like that.
 damn. i never thought id see this day..... i cant remember the last time i smoked a blunt 
 lmao weed dip tf
 lmao.. weed dip  tf
 people who smoke blunts like cigarettes bug the fuck out of me
 i hate the weeds theme song
 ive only been at work for a half hour and these people are already driving me to need a smoke break
 love weeds sounds like half pot half roofie. bobsburgers
 just witnessed a guy pick up a half smoked cig off the street and begin smoking the rest of it. what the hell is that
 i hate when people tell me you smoke a lot like bitch ok i like to be high and what
 havent smoked no jacks
 people who smoke cigarettes disgust me idc
 all im saying is a lot less ppl died of cancer 50 years ago when u were allowed to smoke on planes amp @ work 
 learn about cannabidiol  and the science of other cannabis compounds  with dr. ethan russo at next weeks nerd nite 
 well my daddy smoked crack and didnt never say shit to me 
 a lot of people still cant believe i have never smoked weed. amp im turning 19 next month lol.
 i hate when i cant smoke weed when i want to 
 idc if its illegal  ive smoked whenever i wanted since i was 15 and never caught a charge yet 
 for valentines day i rather get weed than chocolate
 wow this is my first time smoking indica in months and i feel like the pudding girl in the weed ads
 she runnin away from my weed like it farted 
 lmfao i really smoked out a strawberry
 i really wanna smoke a cig but im about to be going on day 4 of not smoking 
 my marijuana levels were 55x the limit and blakes was 67x 
 if you havent had mommas smoked wings  then youre not human or you dont have a pulse or both. theyre that good 
 i literally will never kiss someone who smokes cigarettes
 i spend dumb dough on weed all day smh
 i like weed with no seeds stupid loud sticky green 
 i bet yall think its because i smoke   but honestly 70 of my money is wasted on eating out actually 
 havent smoked in 4 days  took one hit amp now im literally moving in slow motion lol
 kid just sat down next to me in class reeking like cigarette smoke. excuse me while i die during this 3hr class
 i havent smoked since january 9th. thats like 35 days. im proud of myself. really hope my tolerance has gone down.
 weed aint dope amp i hate when people call it that.  bud  pot  weed  green  tree  so many other names besides dope l 
 i want louder headphones and marijuana for valentines day
 people these days will smoke half a pack a day and eat like shit  but theyre wearing their fitbit so its healthy.
 im actually about to smoke another one. chill pill 2
 dopest dope ive ever smoked
 half my class went and smoked during the break and it smells horrible in here now  even my teacher is like 
 .@brendantobin who you got in this @travisbrownemma @thebeastufc matchup i wana say browne but i feel hes gonna get smoked ufchalifax
 @pedroamericana @politicomag sessions one time joked he was fine with the ku klux klan until i found out they smoked pot.
 scrubbing this wax off my dryer that my ex used to smoke on is reaallyy making me hate him all over again 
 all she wana do is smoke and fuck
 i smoke teezy by the pound 
 @caskey407 i just discovered your music about 4 months ago. needless to say im a fan. if you ever up this way ill smoke you out
 breaking update 57 people being treated for smoke inhalation at car fire scene outside disneyland. fire knocked down.
 i wonder how much fucking weed ive smoked in my life.
 @joantheprofound drama. or if they are it seems like they just get hate like weedle. i dont not want to just not help but at the same
 i smoked for the first time in months yesterday and i think it literally made me retarded. i cannot spell worth a shit anymore.
 in a faze in a cold sweat speaking next to each thinking it was a music playing weed rotation
 i have not stopped telling maggie how i havent smoked all day until now bc smoking
 about to smoke with my uncle  i havent seen this nigga in 7 years man. la has been nothing but good to me
 when a guy smokes cigarettes thats a major turn off.i would rather you smoke weed
 havent smoked in a week 
 the weed is funky  but im smelling fine
 times like these make me wish i smoked cigarettes
 wow 1 week sober. this is the longest ive gone wout smoking weed fuckkkk
 today i seen danny smoke a whole sawbuck in a wood this morning 
 when you havent smoked in a long time  that high is a whole other kind of high
 thats the last cigarette i smoke  ever. 
 damn now he smoked em too lol
 i thought all he does was vape but...he fucking smoked a fucking cigarette right in front of me
 i started reading random articles instead of doing homework and learned that william shakespeare smoked nutmeg what a goon
 the day i decide to be a weed dealer is the day i get i gun deadass 
 just smoked cade lmao
 gotta get the weed first cause thats the fuel  ro
 firemen fight fires in smoke filled darkness your fiery trial may have you in total darkness but trustchrist since iamthelightoftheworld
 i will never understand why people with asthma smoke
 i havent smoked in over a month amp have done coke in 3 weeks  ima go crazy....
 i havent smoked in over a month amp havent done coke in 3 weeks  ima go crazy....
 damn okc getting smoked
 ive seen every season of weeds like 5 times yet its still so wild
 two arrested after more than 100 pounds of marijuana found during traffic stop 
 those train tracks are sketch  i smoked my first cigarette at those train tracks
 how they smoke so many lay ups 
 @cflores178250 seems likely theres fire with that smoke otoh  ive always thought of @vicentefoxque as a trumpian sort aka  blowhard.
 im never eating a weed brownie during school again lol
 im thinkin im sliding my 2.25 under the window and i accidentally slid the arab a bag of weed
 my energy been way different ever since i stopped smoking weed.
 i need a planner and a better weed dealer
 jock line it was a time when people smoked inside  around children. @kiis1065 @gordiewaters setting up a throwback from 92. radiobaw
 what came first liking sublime or smoking weed
 abv 6.2 aroma forestry hops. taste  kind of a weak smoked... grampus smoked nut brown  photo
 people be shocked when i tell em i never smoked
 me at hempfest lmfao 
 i literally got an eighth of blue dream sitting in my room and i dont smoke. happy valentines day errbody
 ive smoked weed with my dad more than anyone else in the world
 maybe if i smoked instead of drank i could chill tf out instead of introspecting
 i have never smoked a day in my life.
 if i havent smoked with you   you arent really my friend sorry not sorry . except one person
 i will never date a guy who smokes cigarettes ever
 keep pushing  if you think hes the only one involved  you havent been paying attention. where theres smoke.. 
 @thebigeasy58 probably wouldve been a great idea. smoked the house out had to open all the doors. ill give it a shot next go around. 
 jeezy likes to drink jeezy likes to smoke 
 i love smoking weed  i hate advice
 four score and seven yrs ago you could totally still buy weed legally. ftw @midnight
 okay but that gushers gifts is the best ive seen yet the only one topping is money or weed
 well its not like spicie has ever lied or mislead us...crap smoked too much weed  im speaking nonsensical 
 why do people smoke cigarettes
 instagram suggested that i should follow my roommates ex. is it smoking marijuana or something 
 why is this mini mart downtown the best smoke shop ive been too
 bae hate when i smoke tbh 
 the one night everyone needs im literally weedless smh
 havent smoked in a min.
 if you can buy alcohol cigarettes weed ...etc.. all year long...you can buy your significant other at least a card 
 something im proud of is the fact that i have never smoked a cigarette. neverwill
 today my new doctor  a very cute lil old lady  casually asked me  how many blunts do you smoke in a day 
 if you still smoke chill cigarettes you cant tell me how to live
 do white people put heroine in their weed
 all this smoke helps me cope 
 all you do is smoke weed yeah and my days are still 10x more productive than yours
 i smoked two joints before i smoked two joints  and then i smoked two more
 yo i havent smoked in a month.
 i sometimes trip out how much ive cut on smoking weed. shit was draining my wallet like a mofo
 several people were treated for smoke inhalation after multiple cars caught fire at a disneyland parking garage 
 @trmpwin yeah he died of smoke inhalation. and
 its been a week since i have smoked  1 month to go haha
 i have no choice but to stop smoking weed for 2 weeks. pray for me
 just smoke weed and relax 
 many spies still in will take awhile to     weed them out 
 need to leave. need new friends.  but on the bright side aint smoked a cig this month
 always the cute ones to smoke cigarettes smh
 yes  im a tad late but holy smokes...what a ku game literally  by 12 or so amp i told everyone at my bar its not over till its over
 @rebekaahm atleast we smoked 4 at ambers and 1 in the car so we smoked 5 not 6blunts i fell asleep while u ate chips  too sleepy
 brampton fire says the young girl rescued from a house fire in bramalea this am is being treated for 3rddegree burns amp smoke inhalation.
 i dont think ive missed a 420am smoke sesh all year tbh
 mercedes metris front doors rear windows factory smoked  llumar ceramic ctx 30 lifetime nationwide warranty 
 mercedes metris front doors only rear windows factory smoked glass  llumar ceramic ctx 30 
 sublime  smoke  and brews kinda day
 @tedcruz we r so proud of u great no super great debate u smoked bernie and all the 
 chocolate rellos be the only ones i can smoke.
 just know that the first people to try my weed in 2 years  is @alexrios98 and @oswaldoa1k gives me a certain minimum on how dank the weed
 i lowkey always wanted a guy to fill a box of chocolate with weed nuggets instead. so romantic and thoughtful 
 i have smoked weed and now im a better person
 ppl that smoke weed are the best  nicest people lmao 
 these kind of sick individuals should be weeded out and prosecuted 
 ive never been pulled over for speeding... only weed
 @lindseymnsports i havent worked in restaurants in 19 years  still have dreams of being in the weeds at least once a week
 this is the first year in 3 years i havent had a valentine but i got the weed
 people who smoke in the bathroom at school kill me. literally suffocating
 i just spent one whole hour on the phone with tech support i have never smoked in my life but i need a fucking cigarette
 i smoked half a zip in four days wtf
 people who smoke while walking to classltku
 lol at the people that attempt to convince themselves and others that weed is good for you
 can not imagine being so young and not doing anything with my life besides sitting in my parents basement smoking weed 247 winner
 in a month i have probably spent 4 some on weed
 executive chef at monello  mike decamp  raves about the genius multitouch combisteamer with smokefit accessory fro 
 how do people feel about loosing there unemployment if they smoke weed n are on unemployment lot of hard working people smoke
 new music amp visuals out now  dj smokey  blessed never stressed  video by @positivepabs  check it out now  link 
 i dont think ive ever smoked to summer madness and thats fucked up
 new music amp visuals out now positivesquad  dj smokey  blessed never stressed  music video by @positivepabs  lin 
 smoke weed and eat some of dat discount chocolate 2day
 interesting. for me  just tracking cigarettes smoked actually results in smoking less. ill take it. 
 @douseediscoat thats only a dollar a day and free weed. no thanks
 i have no idea why people think im such a bad kid  i have never touched a drip of alcohol  never smoked anything  and never vaped 12
 those chocolates got weed in em arlegvalentines
 good ass lil day lol minus the fact that my weed not here yet 
 my lungs arent made for running  as much as i smoke
 when i listen to @theweeknd it makes me want to dress up in some sexy ass lingerie  smoke a blunt  and have a fine ass guy touch me.
 my lungs arent made for running  as much as i smoke
 some ramen fell out my bowl onto a cup in the sink  i decided 2 eat anyways  few bites in got a taste of straight weed bc it was the ash cup
 @caiusblade become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 @canryano become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 @goldenchild become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 @brianmatata612 become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 @hoovstur become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 @thewilliamlogs become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 @lifeofagirly become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 @joeheartless @guttadadon become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 @mahlico become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 @ektrit become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 broo im telling you these novice smokers thinking theyre pros rolling blunts daily smh lol. learn the game folks 
 @destineemilian become the next marijuana millionaire with penny stocks  
 come on. how many more shady dealings with russia before we actually do something about it where there is smoke there is . we arent dumb
 filling out this marijuana application to hopefully get my badge but man do i really hate filling out paperwork of any kind.  
 hate when people think just cus they spark me up somehow now ima like them. na hoe  you just got good weed lol
 smh bro i hate everyone but this weed
 @fineassfrankie ive rolled them just havent smoke them yet lol
 i go without weed for two weeks and look at me. im on the hot topic website. im a lunatic
 theres two super old guys sitting next to me talking about smoking weed and its the greatest conversation ive ever heard 
 having a half pound of weed for personal smoke in california is normal  aint nobody gonna rob me for being normal 
 even smoking weed is killing people now a days... smh.
 idk if im overreacting or what but i really feel some type of way cus its inconsiderate af to smoke w. me knowing youre sick af smh
 its soooo weird to me that i havent smoked all week.... idky but i havent been feeling it.
 @welovetakari  bruh i just had to remind you of the time we ate them weed brownies and passed tf out  at kiah house.
 im smoking out the window and a school bus just stopped as i blew out a huge plume of smoke
 havent smoked weed in over 48 hours this is not a drill. break the glass
 28 days weed freeeee longest stretch in 4 years
 valentines day ganja is appropriate  my peoples always look out
 ive never smoked crack
 its 425 and i havent smoked a wood yet. what the fuck.
 two dirtballs try a marijuana cig 2017 broke no life
 it amazes me how many ppl smoke now where was yall at 8 years ago when niggs first started smh
 been smoking more weed since i havent been drinking.  noonecaresrik
 united flight returns to iah after smoke reported in cockpit. 
 for the attys in cannabis lab group our seminar this thursday has been approved for 1 fl cle 
 i used to smoke pot with people who made me paranoid  so i stopped smoking for two decades. im fine now though.
 hb2098 new making financial services available to marijuana producers  processors  retailers  qualifying patie... 
 for 25 years i smoked tobacco and now i dont and more ill be forty soon  and i run three miles a ten minutes to f 
 lmfao. marijuana 
 ive been smoking weed for ten years.... yup i have a problem 
 @jasonisbell still havent smoked any cigs. nearly 13 years and 4 months now. feeling good  feeling great. feeling great  feeling good. me
 theres a special place in hell for people who smoke cigarettes at bus stops
 this nigga tried to hand me is half smoked cig  bro gtfo
 all this bud but no one to smoke it with  
 @aamartey1 i think you should be fine  but it is pretty smokey still.
 yeah  ive crossed into the category of chinese on the how many cigarettes have you smoked today scale.
 roses are red  weed is greener  when i think of you  i touch my wiener
 bries dad i never knew you smoked cigarettes  me you bummed a cigarette off me
 @tatumannefisher i changed everything around  i dont party  smoke weed or drink at all. i havent in a year and a half but im a pos.
 braking news new studies show that poeple who smoke cigarettes live on average 100 years longer than poeple who dont 
 manafort  page  now flynn. how much smoke does the @gop need before they realize this administration is burning impeachtrump
 havent smoked a cigar in months...i guess its not my hobby anymore...smh
 how and why do you asians smoke so many cigarettes lol
 have you seen smoke around moncks corner fire officials are battling 200 acres of brush fire 
 i havent smoked in 4 days and im pissed
 i like bad boys.... the depressed one.... the one who smoke cigarettes guess who
 my valentines day been up since 7am  school  smoke sesh  gym amp pollo tropical by my damn self
 i love it when i post political things and people unfollow me lol.  its like weeding out the bad
 @kingmarliedave @cp24 ive smoked a lot of cigarettes and drank a lot of lemonade  i have cancer  it just hasnt manifested itself yet. amen
 bmw m6   brixton forged r10d targa series 21x9.5 | 21x12 finish brushed smoke black ii  satin 
 fena smoke  since its the only time im ever happy
 ive smoked every second i have been awake this today and honestly its been the best valentines day ever
 only smoked 1 cig the whole day.
 @blasiangoldie1  what kind of weed is this 
 i hate the stupidest ass law 21 to smoke amp drink y cant it be like tj 
 @lindasuhler  the tax dollars they are now getting from marijuana could pay for repair
 wait its valentines day better smoke a bunch of crystal meth and forget about how single i am
 ill take some more weed. lmao cam keys flight cash gf
 i found a gram of weed ive been looking about 3 weeks for 
 @nervousjared i woke up with white smoke covering my place and me hacking a new lung. cooked pork chops wolive oil. took a lil nap.
 but first imma smoke this wood
 my third eye vision 2020 right now seeing right thru all the smoke screens
 bmw m6   brixton forged r10d targa series 21x9.5 | 21x12 finish brushed smoke black ii  satin 
 a hot mom just came in and was telling me how she just smoked a bowl for the first time in 10 years then gave me her number 
 lmao weed gt hookah bgc17
 havent smoked all day 
 if your apt dont got black smoke  you not cookin hard enough something ive always said ever since i started cooking for myself a month ago
 @onthealth today is my first day going smoke free. ive tried so many times  but now i am readyampdetermined. my self love gift for v day.
 @alexandergold 1 smoking weed   2 i never care 3 its all over my timeline  4 ate a double quarter pounder  g 
 you know i have marijuana again when i start tweeting about musical artists i havent thought about in years lol
 people smoke too much weed downtown after the game. im like unuh yall killin my vibe w this contact high im here for a different green
 its been awhile since ive smoked 
 havent smoked anything since 7am
 50 days  no smoke..dropped 50 lbs and still 50 years old..bostonstrong
 london weed wasnt bad but im glad to have that american gas in me lol
 hemp seed food products are also considered more allergyfree than many other seeds. hemp seeds 
 @sufferthrough so we havent smoked yet were not lit
 white and dark chocolate mousses with smoked sea salt tasting @ 
 hmm  lots of smoke here  but no fire as yet. freshhorrors 
 im not saying on the second batch of strawberries i burnt the chocolate for putting it in two long and i opened to microwave to smoke but..
 the smoke is getting awfully fiery.  russiagate
 @aaronvegh @nytimes reminder that smoke inhalation is what kills most people.
 new england pasta  potato gnocchi | smoked pancetta | clams | celery | shellfish cream | love  valentines 
 alyssa and i just drank a bottle of wine and ate a weed cookie and gummy... happy valentines day weeeeeeee
 def feel like ive smoked atleast an ounce today lol
 i lost all my weed and i seriously feel like my valentines day is the shittiest one ive had so far.
 made a grand today so theez chocolates flowers n weed all mine tonite
 proud to announce that in one month i will be having  the biggest blunt ive ever smoked because its been the longest 5 months of my life 
 badreasonstosue too many stems amp seed in your half oz. of weed.
 i guess if you dont smoke nowadays you not cool 
 my roomie really asked me not to come home because she plans on getting her boots smoked tonight 
 day 15 yall i am actually so proud of myself i havent smoked at all not even weed  whoami
 i havent taken a smoke break at all for like 4 years straight  feels super liberating
 its the weed lmfao 
 doesnt answer me ... 20 min later ... u were smoking weed in those 20 min u didnt answer me .. smh
 this me at aleeyah or @kwilldatruth weeding  they gone be the first to get married .  
 if you havent smoked a pound you not fw us 
 me and my nigga  javi will officially start growing indoor weed today.
 ive inhaled more cigarette smoke in 2 minutes in the rusty rail and 15 minutes in coleman ave. bampg former camprs than in the past 10 years
 smoked weed twice this week am i a colorado resident yet
 wasnt the worst day.. still smoked 
 ive probably smoked more than 50 blunts in the past 2 days.
 i havent met a mfka yet that live in colorado that can out smoke me. 
 havent smoked in like 3 days.
 stg i hate when smoke get it my eye. that shit irra asf
 i havent smoked actual flower in days
 @thatbitchzimma dude ive only smoked 1 time today this is not good lol hahahaha
 maybe its because of the artist were seeing but this is the least amount of weed smoke ive endured at a concert in years
 finna stop smoking frfr havent smoked in 2 days might as well keep goin
 seeing so many ppl smoke cigarettes at my school only makes me hate them even more.
 i smoke so much i think my lung has become a bud of marijuana 
 nigga i thought i smoked myself retarded 
 ive never been so disgusted at weed. 
 lightweight hookah smokers 
 when the weed smoke smacks you in the eye and its a instant high 
 damn so for the past day ive been feeling hella head congestion  then i finally smoked amp  it went away  
 i should be practicing how to make my first child tonight but instead im playin @eamaddennfl smoking weed
 i havent smoked a cigarette in god knows how long but its been awhile and im proud of myself 
 my roommate smoked weed for the first time ten days ago. today he keeps a pipe  a grinder  and an ounce in his closet.
 wow fack you. i dont have weed  wine  or wiener. not a single w over here.  
 had the entire class believe i was going to persuade them to smoke weed and believe that i smoked then boom1.25 million people have diabetes
 @joannabby2 you do live in cali amp people their they love their weed
 ive smoked half a pack of cigarettes tonight and i know my lungs will feel it tomorrow
 fuckin smoke detector went off amp scared tf out me
 i havent smoked a blunt in forever
 my stepmama caught me wit a pound a weed   left mississippi wit 300 keys
 insomnia  half a bottle of nyquil  weed  xanax  and a melatonin and still awake
 dude its not about weed its about getting people stoned 
 @kruminsalex @die666o @kylebeemer4 @iambasco @bigdaddycane420 @pieceofgrease im not botanist but weed do have many benefits to help people
 never smoked a blunt at all 
 been up since 3am adding items to our online store. eyeballs are smoked. 
 ive got my iced smoked butterscotch. everything is going to be okay.
 but ive never kissed a girl or smoked pot...
 i think i accidentally got one of our cleaning people fired for smoking weed. and i kinda feel bad.
 i cleaned it up. smoked amp wondering what the hell she ate. like damn girl  no bueno
 ...iowa state allows 800 groups to license its trademarks  but rejected license to normal isu because tshirts featured marijuana leaf.
 some days i wake up so creative like damn i should b a singer  actor  fashion designer other days i wake up like i should smoke weed
 this nigga smoked that long dick before this smh 
 that face when your doctor refers to weed as a batch
 me when i accidentally smoke too much too fast and start getting paranoid 
 @manidagod lol the farther you get in the caribbean. the harder it is to find good weed. thats 10x better then dr amp mexico
 @robertmays @rembert how many cigarettes did you smoke after interviewing lars ou @ 6.
 people that smoke cigarettes are disgusting human beings.
 havent had one in a while so i grabbed a @rockypatelcigar vintage 1999 to smoke at the bar with 
 me too  monday was the first time i smoked since ive been here 
 i just got black smoked in the parking lot. ive never been more attracted to a guy in my whole life. 
 why r u sitting there trying to do smoke tricks w a cigarette 
 havent smoked weed since november.
 i havent gotten bleep bloop or ganja yet i guess i better pick before i end up being the only one in kenosha that 
 @fakerthewolf if you smoke just because you hate your job  you need a therapist or a better career
 i never realized this until now... futures are in the smoke. it literally took me 10 minutes to find it.  
 ive become a much chiller person since i because a regular smoker its amazing
 you a loser and a half for starting to smoke in ya late 20s smh .. 
 closet high to weed is definitely ecstasy
 moe you cant smoke blackout funnel with me 
 ill light this cigarette and smoke the night away and hope that saturday will be the day that everything feels okay
 @michele86455429 p.s. smoked half a joint too
 i honestly hate when people look down on you for smoking hella weed
 february 21  22 bryantx crews test sanitary sewer system with smoke forced into manholes to identify line defects 
 why do we hate so much i just smoked a joint with a total stranger on the corner and we were cool as as a cucumber wtf weedunites
 why do so many people still smoke cigs do you not remember what we learned in d.a.r.e.. jesus.
 shouldnt have eaten a piece of that weed brownie 
 in 6th grade history i cringed thinking about people getting stoned to death..75 of college kids now would be like try me  u bring the weed
 this woman lit a fresh cigarette  smoked it less than 5 mins  then whipped out another one. i have questions for this type of break.
 this the 3rd time ive lost my weed this week bruh
 when you find out bae ate amp smoked without you 
 new music video out now  dj smokey  blessed never stressed  visuals by @positivepabs link  
 i wana smoke one with @chasencashe and just soak up knowledge
 if you cant in 40 years sit with me on my grams 1930s porch swing smoke a j and laugh at the neighborhood kids and make jokes stay fsr away
 i hate smokers
 i dont hate people who smoke but its starting to really take over some people lives for the worst and that shit is a turn off
 today will be the first day since jr high i havent been able to smoke a blunt due to this fickle bitch bronchitis...
 forgot how triumphant you feel when eating smokehouse marketannie gunns meatloaf 
 pulled out my pencil sharper in class and discovered it was actually a marijuana grinder whoopsiedaisy
 hate when peoples coats smell like weed
 @yourlru ok u can actually smoke these. bite the ends off and light it up and u can actually smoke it like theres pretzel smoke
 i can never date someone who smokes cigarettes again. no no no.
 all i do is find weed chunks on my person all day
 i really need to stop buying so many smoked butter scotch lattes 
 drakes  this is fucking crazy bro is how dudes who never smoked before who you smoked with for the first time  
 sitting here getting high  thinking about the fact im not supposed to be getting high and how i said i stopped  while i continue to smoke.
 i read these while high thinkin i smoked myself retarded 
 latest draft of medical marijuana ordinance is 30 pages long.
 a win for weed indeed  dea removes erroneous distortions from website httpst.cowm3unlir8w  @masscann 
 how is weed legal and half of my friends arent
 how is weed legal and half of my friends arent lol
 @joshp830 ive smoked regulary for five years and have never had an experience like that. so crazy and random
 its been so long since i smoked 
 lmao war smokescreen weve seen this before 
 ive been talking myself out of smoking since last night amp have smoked 4 times since then  
 city looked into potential marijuana dispensary moratorium violations. only two complaints. no proof yet either one violated
 well i just told a man i would beat the shit out of him in front of his children is it obvious i havent smoked in a week
 me and jay just keep getting fire photos together lmfao here are two more with scott ignoring us breaking up weed 
 one thing ive realized weed aint cheap. 
 all my snapchats have just been me smoking weed  and my dadhats. im not even sorry. its better than people seeing my stupid fugly face
 i just stress smoked a month old emergency cig and im 87 sure i just got cancer
 @simplemane used to get sold these at the exxon by me when i was super young and wed hang in the woods and smoke em like little badasses
 the man @mindofpj smoked 475 today off the ground... 500
 why are people always posting my stories of them smoking weed like cool i remember my first time
 @chrischavez @mindblowing @mrgomez12 i do thats why i smoke weed not cigarettes
 i made my mom smoke wax and try an edible and shes one of the most antiweed people in the world and now she likes it 
 if you smoke blunts in your parents house you are a shitty person
 braking news new studies show that poeple who smoke cigarettes live on average 100 years longer than poeple who dont 
 salome getting smoked by @wrestlingmules right now gomules
 no one smokes here smh
 like if juke jam and blessings and same drugs and smoke break arent some of the best songs youve ever heard  what are you listening to
 ive met a lot of people through marijuana
 on insta my vday looked like the sappy af  in reality we took a nap  smoked keef bong rips and a blunt  and then ate hella chinese food. 
 @rollingolympics @andybernas depends on how many people i smoke it with.
 after almost a year after all the blunts ive smoked in my car it still has that brand new car smell
 i havent smoked in almost a week so i just need people to tread lightly
 i havent smoked all day and its 4. progress
 i havent abused marijuana like the rest of you
 @voxdotcom weeds podcast russian intro today made me laugh tragically after a very bad day  so thanks for that
 id rather be sober than smoke this shit literally looks like garbage 
 i literally smoke half a zip in 2 days. 3 tops. if im outta town im sober as hell tho
 what kind of smoke you weed
 the white smoke was never black has disappeared  but was very visible for the better part of 5 minutes. 
 look ive been smoking weed for six years and its never taken me a ridiculously long time to order food. handle your bud yo
 i can smoke all day b honestly 
 look ive been smoking weed for six years and its never taken me a ridiculously long time to order food. learn to handle your bud yo
 penne and smoke sausage alfredo or spaghetti and ground beef marinara foodforthought literally 
 c the menu for the smoked pear mezcal cocktail @cafeclovernyc. drinks c crystal west4th 
 used zaatar seasoning in a smoked wild salmon pizza on naan bread  and it went really well with it. loving my newest spices @thespicehouse
 big dummy @mcuban pictured on his twitter page pretending to smoke a cigar illegal on his private jet. phonytraitor
 i used to be disgusted by cigarettes and ive smoked one every day this week whoops
 i was never addicted to cigarettes but i smoked enough to be happy to say i havent smoked one since september.
 its been 8 hours since ive said i was gonna stop smoking and ive smoked 4 dutches within the last 2 hours lol
 why are people still calling the cops on their neighbors for smoking weed common  mind your own fucking business..
 i smoked and took a shower  walked downstairs amp came to realize that i only shaved one leg
 me ampseths progress quitting smoking seth if i won 2 million dollars i would probably smoke a cig  me if someone offered me one i would
 stop smoking cigarettes   just smoke pot so @nebukinizaoshs 
 i should of never smoked at 1 im still high 
 i like weed more than people
 dont know why i smoked two blunts back to back  it took me ten minutes to maneuver my sock off my damn foot
 havent smoked in 6hours
 truthis if chris wasnt in my life  id still smoke cigs because i love them. thanks for being my lifesaver bb cakes
 my weed man be onnn  @itzshortiihoee 
 just burped and tasted weed. havent smoked since like a week ago. strange. bizarre.
 when i was a kid i asked my mom why tv forced the actors to smoke cigarettes on the camera.
 friday will be a month that i havent smoked 
 how do people smoke in their homes
 weeks in office president bernie wouldve legalized weed   made progress on police brutality aaaand gave women more rights on birth control
 havent smoked in 16 days
 bruh i wanna smoke in cool places but all we got is lavon lake smh
 i like weed more then people facts
 promoted things i go off on  racist garbage  oil companies  bigoted celebs.. things conservatives go off on  people eating weed.  @viceland
 when rolly polly comes on  everyone forgets how to act holy smokes.
 dear lord  thank you for marijuana 
 i was getting a headache but smoked and now i feel so much better. weed is awesome lmao 
 if you smoke inside your house  you disgust me.
 fantastic. rabbit confit ravioli with red kuri squash   smoked ginger butter  shaved 
 spent all afternoon and evening filling out forms for my ca cannabis nursery license. worms slowly eating my eyes wouldve been more fun.
 d.c smoke is a whole different monster 
 there was a half smoked joint in the dryer of my dorms laundry room wow i hate college cndkkfdkckdkfkc
 im so sick i havent smoked or drank in 3 days.
 these girls light their cigarettes after me  smoke 100s amp still finish before me w my short. uhm  how
 damn they smoked shorty  he was just too young and scared  
 bong appetit is special because never before have you seen people cook with weed on tv
 headphones as loud as marijuana
 ive smoked maybe like 16 blunts these past 3 days lol
 havent smoked a single cig today  proud 
 people at my school finding out that i smoke  
 ive only met one person who would smoke weed and still be lit and down to do adventurous shit.. i have yet to meet someone like that again.
 love weed  hate people  
 i smoked two joints in time of peace and two in time of war  i smoked to joints before i smoked two joints then i smoked two more 
 hb0936 new as introduced  removes from the definition of marijuana the requirement that an institution of highe... 
 @fergsss9 i feel ya brother. havent smoked since halloween
 @klayoven my favorite rye with dill seed amp weed  roasted garlic  onion amp a lot of caraway seeds.
 i express disgust for people who smoke weed or vape in school.
 so the neighbor leaves his apartment to smoke his weed so he can blow it into mine. what kind of stupidity is that dummy
 house smoked out tf
 its only temporary  potus tried to weed out the bad people  understand its only a safety measure  they would do the same for there country
 who else you know can smoke a half pound in 7 days nigga
 just realized i havent smoked since sunday... odd
 the nicest guys smoke weed 
 the other day i bought an e cig and i smoked like half of it and i threw it out because it was really making me worried i was going to get
 ive finally got weed on deck my little stoner twitter people
 could of atleast offered a smoke up damn
 question for my tl ..  how much money you think you spent on weed amp wraps since you started smoking  
 if you still smoke games  you should probably stop smoking weed
 @mikeljollett 30 years of smoke and you say no fire
 this is the kind of progression texas needs. so much tax money is spent on people sitting in jail from smoking weed 
 when you mom finds out you smile and ask you how many blunts have you smoked 
 when yo mom finds out you smoke and she ask you how many blunts have you smoked 
 i havent bought weed for almost a year.........
 i will never smoke in break again. i woke up with the worst attitude.
 i actually might have stopped smoking weed unconsciously i havent smoked for 2days n i aint even bothered.  
 havent smoked in 3 days
 bouncer almost mistook a baggie of raisins in my purse for a bag of weed. his first reaction at a country concert
 i snuck out to smoke one blunt bitch i died
 i drank and huge thing of coffee and smoked on an empty stomach lol i really am trying to die
 never have i smoked this much
 awake still smoking weed still
 ive been sober 1 whole month and i hid the last of my weed in my closet and i cant wait to smoke it and it is some gas hahahah
 smoked weed today for the first time in 9 months and it aint all that
 im about to just smoke and put my headphones in 
 idk what chemical in cigarettes makes them so potent but i can smoke 5 joints to 1 persons cig amp i wont smell like weed if i try not to
 senior parents make plans to attend our presentation next thu feb 23 at 7pm in the lj w ga techs laci weeden and wa recent grad parents.
 @chriscuomo 2 thinking  if violent criminals obama admin focus amp already 2m deported  how many more actually in the us smoke amp mirrors
 @darrkaura dayuuummmm i aint kno u smoke bro wtf. and ive been following u foreva. whats the weed like in england
 coming to school and knowing you home smoked too much  brah paraniod asf right now
  i just almost died hitting the smoke reading this  
 you cant smoke a blunt a day and try to flex like your wiz or something i hate people
 didnt dave smoke like a million joints with tiko a few months ago 
 lmfao i smoked 6 grams like it was nothing in like 3 hours 
 i hate how my mouth taste when i wake up. especially if i smoked before i went to sleep
 went out to eat with my family then chilled with our friends amp smoked 2 fawtt blunts
 i have never smoked one cigarette  or anything else  in my life.  if youve seen photos of tense women or a bride smoking  its not i.
 damn. crazy workout today. conditioning  then some hiit. body is smoked right now. freeletics motivation 
 wow  accidentally smokedtilled and smoked a joint before class ...
 no wonder ppl smoke again after trying to quit  the feelin i have today is nuts i wanna kill and i hate everything but  imstillstrong
 clam up your biscuit smoked shrimp  clam gravy  and corn nuggets  on a biscuit. 
 getting smoked out for free must be a blessing
 so far today  all i want to do is smoke meth and ruin my life. 
 i had to let toxic things go like fake people and smoking weed. life is becoming smoother.
 someone was telling how much a weed farmer makes   they touch like 3 mil a year
 wow  accidentally rolled and smoked a whole joint before class ..
 ok i never update names of people related to cases but this guys name sounds like weedman. its not spelled that way but yeah
 my dreams have become so much more vivid since i stopped smoking weed. i was actually able to lucid dream a little last night
 almost 3 months since i last smoked a cigarette  i feel so good 
 wildcaught salmon  organic baby kale  hemp seeds  mctoil  apple cider vinegar  ground 
 when a spanish woman finds out you smoked hookah without her 
 people here are more surprised when you dont smoke cigarettes.
 cam wit the smoke  
 smoking weed makes me write a 10 page paper in one sitting. idk about that cant spell shit lmao.
 hands down dopest dope ive ever smoked
 im excited. learning about marijuana and how different strains react with the body is my something im so interested in.
 @cakefacerae you can add so much more too i put chia and hemp seeds
 @nickiminaj girl what have you been smoking you have not been good since the day you smoked that blunt smoking isnt for you onika
 this is all i want to do rn. i havent smoked in the longest  
 never seen anyone finesse with a weedeater like my pops.
 only two kinds of people come from fremont 1. god damn rednecks or 2. supreme loving hipster glasses wearing mother fuckers who hate weed.
 to be fair i can probably get a preroll at the weed store for less than one of those crazy bacon sea salt single origin chocolate bars
 its be a week since i smoked or took a drink  thats a big step for me
 lies  no bag of weed is a dollar bruh 
 this time last year i was probably in the front leaning rest getting smoked because someone sneezed in formation.
 when your friends smoke for the first time amp theyre tripping out 
 the fact that there are people serving life sentences for weed when there are others getting rich off of it legally really bothers me
 ive been feeling awful the last few days  wheres the weed when you need it
 who tf wants to smoke one blunt for an hour 
 dont miss out friday february 24th hempstead rec center | etajamma2 | get your presales now pvnation 
 boy you high dab. how many blunts you smoked today  me 
 bitch the cheapest drug is weed where tf you buying your one dollar dime bags @ 
 bruh tell me when have you seen a gram of weed cost 1.25 
 i be like julius off of everybody hates chris....thats 15 worth of weed you wasting man.
 holy smokes  i had no idea beyonce was in the original rangers  
 people still smoke cigarettes 
 actually went to the gym and worked out   plus i havent smoked yet today improvements
 havent smoked a cigarette in 40 days  neveragain
 havent smoked a cigarette in 40 days  neveragain
 i remember one time @lilbri13 met up with me on my break at school  and we smoked hookah in the back of her car 
 secondhand smoke kills...yet here i am getting it blown in my face by the hour 4 days a week
 white people sell weed illegally and are praise for starting a business but a colour person would be seen as a 
 hes either getting flour instead of cocaine and oregano instead if weed or hes buying candy from vegans in la 
 i havent smoked da weed in a year go me
 i havent smoked and ive been watchin world star videos all day. 
 wow look at the smokes still surrounding the area polk @wfla 
 lol no. my stoner friends easily clear 800 a month on weed. do u know how much a damn pak cost these days 
 calc professor asks us what our talents are  random kid i can do sick smoke tricks  .....what is wrong with people lmao
 yesterday night was the first time i smoked in like 3 months ..amp honestly why tf was i missing out 
 i still cherish the time tim anderson came into my senior week house  ate a burger  smoked a cig  and left
 @americanatheist wow i want some of that weed he is smoking
 i think somebody accidentally posted a booty pic in a groupme when they were tryna sell weed  and you cant delete it lmfao
 breaking the fast.....almond butter  and hemp seeds. off to teach  see you there @iamyoga 
 idk if its the weed but ive been sleeping so much better lately
 @beatsbyju i smoked too much that i was laying there thinking for too long lol. and wow. must be nice smh
 boyyyy boy me fucked up who is reggie kuz i smoke that kind of weed you be high off for like 4 hours  
 all these weed pages are following me on twitter and instagram idgi 
 so my younger sister smoked bud laced with meth and ended up in the hospital lol. this is why you gotta know where you getting your bud from
 @footerabout @washingtonpost hmm firefighters would certainly have broken the windows to vent the smoke.
 @dubyadirt @dhfarms01 if you smoke meth your dentist apts should be half price right themoreyouknow
 high af amp didnt smoke yet 
 i legit almost threw up yesterday bc i smoke too many woods lol
 i havent smoked in 2 months but babyyy tomorrow its 
 jeezy like to drink  jeezy like to smoke  jeezy like to mix arm amp hammer with his coke
 jeezy like to drink  jeezy like to smoke  jeezy like to mix arm amp hammer with his coke.
 why do people that smoke never have a lighter 
 never smoked at all 
 did homework  smoked  then ate time for a nap then repeat 
 im back in my smoke spot and people arent yelling at me  this is my happy place
 my nana just watched the music video for drunk in love  she turned off the tv and went to smoke a cigarette
 i hate weed hangovers  i wake up feeling slow af. like a leaned out sloth
 me did you have just milk  patient no i dont smoke 
 i feel like 80 percent of the world smoke weed 
 i smoke so many cigarettes how am i not dead
 though ronald reagan was paid to make smoking cool  he did not smoke during his white house years. 
 havent smoked since january 2nd... you could say im proud of myself 
 how many blunts did you smoke today 
 it amazes me how full my weed jar stays since i started vaping again lol
 pruitt as @epa head is like having a physician tell you to smoke the lucky ones because theyre the healthy kind of cigarette.  dayoffacts
 this driver keep talkin amp we nxggas didnt smoke for the day yet. boy.
 people really piss me the fuck off as soon as i wake up this is why i smoke cigarettes stupid people are making me kill myself
 havent smoked in a good month went to clean my car and still found lil crumbs all over the place
 she loving on me im smokin my weed im throwing up pound da pound
 new song out now feat. soudiere @youngpirelli   dj smokey x soudiere  friends  listen now link 
 new song out now feat. soudiere @youngpirelli  dj smokey x soudiere  friends  listen now link 
 i have no weed rn this is a major crisis
 hot chocolate and weed .
 fucking the weed lmfao thats weird 
 weeds  weed amp wings ftw
 people get drunk  smoke cigarettes and fornicate with woman and they all told me their were muslims  metmuslimsthatarebeautiful in and out
 i wish i knew people in south carolina to smoke me out smh
 hey a year ago today @cjparish52 said lets fuck her up when he found out i had never smoked and now hes one of my best friends 
 @charleebuns truly i always wondered what kind of high it was...i just never wanted to be higher than i was when i smoked.
 when the doctor say   how many blunts have you smoked 
 @theonlysweeney @villesportslaw @biggestbiscuit at least half of my lifetime total has been at holy smokes in last 6 months  so im growing
 we dun smoked this white young man retarded.
 how many times you smoked this week 
 sometimes i still get stressed but i just smoke one and count my blessings
 i havent smoked in 2 years but i started like last year
 @jwothedrummer because smoked is better
 havent smoked in so long i think i deserve a spark up
 until 2018  dispensarys selling marijuana to people over 21 without a rec is still illegal um
 mardi gras abita beer dinner @ smoke daddy  
 the only time one talks to me is when its for answers or theyre asking if they smell like smoke
 how can people still be getting arrest for weed when people are dying from heroin ... where are our priorities ... rip dylan
 im going smoke me a personal ..
 my next door neighbor is just sitting on her front porch smoking weed. i respect the ballsiness.
 people who smoke cigarettes by the bus stop ltltltltltltlt   sir  this is other peoples air. tf are you doing
 i want a cigarette. i havent smoked in about a week 
 ive been up since 9am  its now 210 pm and i havent turned in the tv  smoked a bowl or even moved from the couch.  can you say depression
 just like that  in a plume of white smoke  were down a tour vehicle   say hello to the sexy 
 how the only thing you known for is smoking weed and you gone disrespect the people who out here really hustling smh i blame they og 
 @sxmurbanview @karenhunter @cousinsyl you cannot smoke crack for 20 years crackheadcleaningservice a temp job.
 still wont spend 400 a month on weed...150 to 200 tops
 why a lot of the people i went to high school with smoke cigarettes now  
 i havent smoked in a year lol
 @jennythefriend well i know quite a few vegans who do  one in real life its horrid lots of vegans also smoke weed near animals its... no
 cant believe people get suspended when caught with weed they should be still but are let go if caught with cigs. smh nice system going on
 my cousins never smoked before should i get him high on some colorado bud or let learn the reggie way
 live from la smoke wax jsui flytt 
 ive washed my hair 3 times today and it still smells like smoke. cnaproblems
 i know i havent smoked yet so i forget these two grams was in my pocket these white folks been staring every since 
 coming over the bridge earlier and it looked like a movie  2 different burnings on the gulf breeze side in the bay and smoke coming from nas
 this house fire started in the basement and smoke ran through all the return air ducts. claims usaa 
 if i had a dollar for every time i smelled weed in the halls today.....id only have like 4 but damn ghs  yall wildin today fr 
 im smoking bomb ass weed  im feeling crucial reup 
 everyones all shook that i havent smoked 
 when people be like im quitting for a few weeks.. i really wanna try. but by the end of a day where i smoked minimal im ready to fight.
 lmao you smoke reggie with your brother 
 first shot at hemp milk vegan veggie veganism veganlife veganfood vegansofig hemp milk hempmilk 
 its crazy when you actually think about i havent drank or smoke in 22 years lmao
 two weeks without weed
 i havent smoked in a whole week im so strong
 @rockmastrangelo @thevoice123 @starjoespodcast lol i can see the smoke coming out of darrells ears. hes so conflicted
 i wish i had a pound of weed rn
 ive been smoking weed for... wait  what were we arguing about
 but can i smoke first
 @your90sgf since when do you smoke cigs
 actually smoked with my cousin for the first time ever . thats my nigga man  
 i did nothing that i was supposed to today. like i literally smoked amp watched youtube all day. evengodtookaday
 basically slept all day. just smoked amp ate these tacos amp finna fall right back to sleep.
 i hate smoking weed
 how many real friends would u have if weed disappeared
 i love weed so much  its so cute theres so many strains and they all have different personalities  angelina
 i didnt smoke at all today  which led to not eating anything today which lead to a fucking migraine all day. i never win.
 i havent smoked a cigarette all day
 i havent smoked almost a whole year 
 im no ones first priority and nobody truly cares about me but thats okay bc weed
 the boys have discovered you can shine a light in campfire smoke to make a light saber.
 these punk ass virginia cops gave me a weed charge for .1 grams two weeks before moving to cali  
 i never tapped out in a smoke session never will
 shouldve smoked before i ate 
 @lukeskywaka24 i think kyrie smoked about a pound of dabs before he went on the podcast lmao
 texas spends about 734 million a year putting people caught with small amounts of marijuana through the criminal j 
 will and i are in a heated argument right now about how many cigarettes the young pope smoked in the last episode
 pam amp i have smoked so much and have had such good conversation i just told her my life story lmaooo 
 i bought smoked rum earlier did you know that rum could be smoked because now i do
 off this weekend.  time to smoke myself onto a coma.  frieday
 just smoked a cigar with an old man from palmdale outside of a liquor store. never hesitate to say hi to strangers. shout out to fred.
 i wish nearly all my friends didnt smoke cigarettes smh. i hate the smell
 are u smoking weed bc its cool or bc you actually like to get high
 somebody smoked a cigarette on here... this really couldnt get any better
 drinking a smoked chocolate cherry stout by @lionbridgebrew at @lionbridgebrew  
 how can twain write  smoke  drink  and yet wear white suits 
 mostly smokey malt with only hints of cherry.  drinking a cherry chocolate stout at @triplerockbeer   photo
 @deadeyedraw what about smoked rum how do you feel about that
 @titoflo1327 never smoked a day in my life. 
 i wanna smoke w someone ive never smoked w before 
 i hate when kush smoke get in ma eye
 this weed ive been smoking these past couple days been having me where future be at
 trying to learn amp spent about 300.00 amp  still did not learn how to smoke crack so she gave up on  trying to learning how to smoke and he
 damn dog ate my weed 
 one time i smoked a spider flea redhotchilipeppers @ the garden 
 pffft ... tell me about it i havent smoked this much reefer since 1978 ...when i started smokin reefermadness  @remero @mmflint
 its been a week since i smoke 
 i smoked a backwood to my self at  8 in the fucking morning and its been raining since
 do u think he will finally realize i hate when he smokes or do i have to try harder 
 havent purchased any marijuana in 5 days i think its time for a change  from a person who smoke woods everyday it aint worth it
 @susandonovanq ive gotten it down to an 8 with lots of weed and morphine. i use the 110 scale. i havent been below 5 since 2005.
 desperate for fucking weed its been a week since iv smoked because im a broke ass nigga.
 we two different types of papered up n i smoke blunts
 polaroid proof that the twin n i are total smokeshows  
 ivedonealotofweirdshit but ive never smoked a pall mall cigarette 
 about to smoke hookah by myself cause today was shitty lol
 nigga smoked a whole treee. i be damn
 i smoked way too many blunts in 20142015
 i smoked weed are you proud 
 my uncle said if i was getting high off the hemp seeds in the fridge lmao
 dopest dope ive ever smoked 
 do people really still smoke weed in 2017
 do people really still smoke weed in 2017
 im so glad no one listens to me because i just told a group of people i smoked crack lmao i gotta go
 how many blunts you smoke today 
 i like weed more than people
 just smoked like 8 grams of hash wtf i
 dayoffacts as a child 50 years ago incinerators belched  black smoke from burning garbage. epa stopped that.
 i can only smoke a half  
 i might be tooooo high though aint smoke in two months 
 tbt to when ken smoked a cigarette in wrigley lmfao
 lmao i havent smoked in two days and like its not a big deal im chillin but i want to soooo bad
 if u smoke cigs you probably smokin pole too
 chain reaction hands down dopest dope ive ever smoked. hands down dopest dope
 bro i wanna smoke for hours. like i need a group of down ass people.
 wait   people still smoke hookah
 im sitting next to the coat check person and they said that i smoke more than anyone they have ever seen and they look up 2 me  
 its wild funny when people talk shit about people who smoke cigs but be smoking hookah for hours in the club 
 he said ive smoked out a carrot  a potatoe  a pear
 @ant95 @thereallleman havent even smoked yet
 smoking marijuana cigarettes
 @cavsanada @therealbradg okay. im watching the first episode now. shes a smoke  but her face seems kind of... pointy
 @saucyystoned learn to hate that cigarette  smoke a joint instead  your too beautiful to die young
 if you smoke cigs i actually fucking hate you
 when life gives me lemons  i smoke lemon kush  
 the alumni game was a huge success thanks to all the alumni amp the community for all the support first game tuesday in hemphill. gocatsgo
 glistening smoked pork belly @ magnolias kitchen personal chef and 
 havent smoked that much in sooooo long
 seeing white smoke venting from the rocket. crs10 nasasocial
 @vindrank2muchh fucking smoked
 its weird eating in kentucky because you can still smoke in a lot of the restaurants
 | smokey amp flower | goodcocktailname hoteldelmano williamsburg brooklynbound weekenders 
 done smoking .. day 2   fasho fasho done like doneeeeee . i knew i was serious when i turned down weed three times tho  3 different ppl
 new muffins on the brunch pastry board. smoked pumpkin and dark chocolate chunk with just a lil 
 for example he told me he smoked menthol cigarettes because it was like a breath mint another one od on cocaine mo 
 not cool waking up to half ur weed gone bc ur roommates were tripping on acid and needed weed
 if i had a dollar for every time ive smoked a cigarette inside a convenience store id have 2
 on valentines day me amp bri smoked  got some food amp watched a movie
 its been a month since ive smoked weed and i really miss it as a hangover aid
 so lastnight i smoked to much hookah and almost died 
 people that smoke  drink  etc. while theyre pregnant probably shouldnt be having kids to begin with.
 i havent smoked a cigarette in two days  i couldnt be more proud of myself.
 came to work full of energy ate lunch smoked one cig now i need a nap
 i hate people who dress like this. we get it  you smoke weed. 
 house smoked salmon benedict... chefjon foodporn oakcliff jonathonsdiner jonathonsoakcliff 
 i discovered that the weeds that corrupted my life as a child took root as my deepest passions.
 day 1 of no marijuana. so far so good. 
 what kind of weed are you smoking weed has never made me slow or dumb. as matter of fact ive become more efficient 
 @daytrend what temp did you smoke them at. looks delicious
 i havent been able to smoke a full facial in forever my tolerance is either really low or ive just been getting fire for months 
 kind of a shame you cant buy prerolled spliffs in american weed dispensaries. at least that ive seen
 rib practice on the assassin. three different rub combinations ready for a few hours of smoke. 
 render test using octanerender and turbulencefd for the smoke simulation. still working out 
 then he asked for a ride. sorry  sir. if you arent bright enough to not smoke next to a gas pump.. also im not uber. 
 i need to smoke smh 
 its 2017 and people still smoke cigarettes wtf
 @heyirish weed out hate 
 they be like smoke you tripping cause i popped a molly and i be happy on the missions i get real retarded slap a nigga with the 
 i feel like ive seen so many people convert to weedonism as of late  its wild. welcome. its nice here.
 the only good thing about having the flu is that i havent smoked in 3 days
 yall i havent smoked since 2015 
 otr off the rails by total flame an amazing cigar  smooth  thick smoke with subtle spices and sweetness  par 
 @jizzzzelle awww yay im glad its all the weed that he surrounded by that helped him lmfao
 finna smoke this cigarette
 when u breakin da weed down amp think u see a seed 
 seen a lot of old people smoking weed in public lately
 ive smoked alot of weed. ive visited many dispensaries. @houseofdankness is the best one ive  ever been too  by far.
 @devilhascurls senior year i smoked with my hvac teacher and we went to class geekin the whole time 
 @wglady @spicerlies @blemony @steph93065 @lcschopp @michaelalex @louisemensch really dont care what people smoke when theyre young
 it amazes how many are still incarnated for selling weed or having weed on them yet so many others who are privilege are making money off it
 i hate seeing ppl smoke around their children
 good. weed out obamas moles. 
 i smoked the weak shit my whole life
 i need people to smoke with my dogs arent as fun
 nice day to smoke hookah outside  so ima smoke hookah outside
 people who smoke look .  people who vape look stupid. 
 who tf wants to smoke
 since the ribs are getting some smoke  i should as well 
 i will never understand why people smoke before they workout.
 i will never understand why people smoke before they workout.
 people be looking like crackheads when they smoke weed out of a pipe
 and no i have never in my life smoked crack lmao
 how many blunts have you smoked today me 
 @corymorrowband only thing better than sitting on the patio  ribs on the smoker  drinking beer listening to cory morrow is seeing him live.
 people who smoke weed are so obsessed with it like whyyy
 me i am 55 years old and i have never smoked in my life  me 
 i hate when people say doing marijuana 
 the kale in the garden seems to be waking up with warmer temps...as are the weeds. kale garden eatyouryard 
 andaba tirando barrio.  my coworker after she smoked on her break.
 thanks look for a fourpack of cider bottles as a smokestack series release near the end of the year. 
 true life i havent smoked today.
 found a smoked backwood at my moms   i havent been over in two months 
 people who smoke and drink during their pregnancies dont need to be allowed to keep their child after its born.
 i love how people say weed isnt toxic to animals when ive watched dogs have seizures from pot toxicity
 so after years my mom finally asked if ive ever smoked weed lmao
 how many cigarettes can april smoke in 5 days a fuckin pack. i need to stop smoking...
 i hate that i cant smoke in my apartment 
 not having a cig or weed is not wrkn out for me dawg...
 @kenjennings  vapers are the same sissies who bashed smokers 10yrs ago  now they have a reason to think they are as cool as smokers
 time to up the smoker and have a cocktail  lifewithoutfootball 
 literally have no appetite until i smoke smh
 this guy sitting in his car just asked me if he could use my lighter... next thing you know im in his car getting smoked out 
 i just smoke one and count my blessings 
 ive already exceeded my budget for weed this week wtf
 im saying. smoke like half instead of facing a whole one. 
 @videosawyer moist  smoked wood.
 ive been wanting to smoke a blunt and star gaze....etc.
 i always feel so guilty when i smoke because i havent smoked in forever
 havent smoked yet. 
 hmmmm how many threes smoke out klay will make 
 islanders getting smoked tonight....smh
 my lil team got smoked tonight smh
 mitch has been very assertive about me not smoking today but right now all he wants to do is buy smokes and boots
 all you kids do now is fuckin light up and smoke your meth  okay papa
 strong smoke flavor  like drinking a beer while sitting in front of a smoky campfir... rauchpils 
 of weed or pounds of cocaine
 its 2017 and i just seen two people get kicked out of a movie theater for smelling like weed.....
 my phone is smoked tf out
 almost two months since iv bought weed man
 looked like a bunch of guys smoked a bowl and ate 10 pizzas then got the urge to go to the y and goof off throwing anything at the rim.
 my goodness  i never knew how bad cigarettes smelled until now.. wow  cant believe i used to smoke those thangs  so unattractive.. wow
 my goodness  i never knew how bad cigarettes smelled until now.. wow  cant believe i used to smoke those thangs  so unattractive.. wow
 wtf seattle weed is packaged lol 
 hi im a typical white girl. i drink and smoke a lot just for the cool factor  im really into bbc  and im only in 
 i hate smoking weed but i love drinking.
 so today i went to play football at merrill park  ate pizza   smoked   and im on ft with my whole hearttoday was a good day i have to say
 these people sat next to me and cody in the back of the movie theater and just asked us if we cared if they smoked ... lmao what .
 i havent smoked in the longest due to probation now where the bud at who the plug
 ive never drank or smoke and people look at me like im lame lol
 ohio where weeds still illegal but heroin is easier to get than sliced bread
 i love smoking weed. i hate advice.
 honeycombclear next gen cannabis oil is top shelf next to its self  take control today link 
 honeycombclear next gen cannabis oil is top shelf next to its self  take control today link 
 @scottiepifffen my buds here are the biggest chiefers  i smoke 6 blunts a day casually now.
 honeycombclear next gen cannabis oil is top shelf next to its self  take control today link 
 honeycombclear next gen cannabis oil is top shelf next to its self  take control today link 
 honeycombclear next gen cannabis oil is top shelf next to its self  take control today link 
 honeycombclear next gen cannabis oil is top shelf next to its self  take control today link 
 havent ingested any cannabis all day.
 is it normal to be getting fevers and migraines after you quit smoking havent smoked in over a month
 this dummy let me throw the weed away i can kill him
 i hate how people can just smoke cigarettes in public but a bluntjoint is frowned upon. iblametrump fucktrump
 no wonder i felt like you were an outsider... you dont smoke  dead haha
 @softpasteis @riancalhoun   i hate smoke
 idk how many blunts i smoked i lost track 
 never smoked before  
 just ate a weed brownie awaiting my fucking fate
 i like to change up the bud i smoke every day.. i would get tired of the smoking the same bud by the next day lol
 honestly. not sure ill even tape races this year  much less watch them. just aint the same wout smoke. now. don 
 the kind of day where all youve had to eat was 3 weed cookies
 hurry up and smoke your cig so i can smoke another one
 ive paid at least a thousand dollarsin fines and shit cause ive gotten caught up with weed  the cia has been selling packs all my life tho
 bruh i hate crunchy ass weed mane. like its disrespectful. what do you do if you have a dry ass plant. exactly so why tf would i smoke it.
 i feel like its been a good minute now since ive smoked tree or a blunt 
 wow hallelujah@katemckinnon you smoked it@nbcsnl
 if you fine ill smoke you out 
 id have more respect for you if you just smoked a cigarette instead of seeing a vape cloud pour out the window of your lowered honda civic
 i havent smoked all day
 it takes a lot to be a stoner for years and sit and watch everyone smoke .. but honestly im growing up and my priorities matter more
 whos got some weed lmfao
 so far i have fallen completely in love with denver but its so off putting to see people smoking weed so casually
 i absolutely hate the smell of cigarette smoke 
 i havent drank since i got caught at my company party and smoked since my nieces party in january . 
 @bitchimightbjr u could have smoke our hookah smh
 sucks when the only people that share the same hobbie as you are 25 year olds that smoke weed all day
 whole roasted yam | feuilletine | smoked vanilla milk @ jsix 
 honestly  i could just sit around amp make hemp bracelets amp necklaces for dayzz.  so enjoyable.
 i havent left this bed all day amp i dont plan to but friends feel free to come over and bring snacks amp weed.
 yo so i havent had a drop of alcohol since thursday and ive only smoked 3 cigs since then and i havent got high once since then..
 i wanna smoke but im too depressed to get up and get my vape pen  wow  that may be the most goth thing ive ever said
 accidentally smoke the dutch to my head with a group of people
 not that i thought it was possible  but ive smoked entirely too much hookah mylungs dead
 @qdobz and buttahd smh i aint smoked in a minute
 the marijuana scene in 9 to 5 is the best. 
 i havent smoked a mild in like a month . might have to change my avi.
 my mother just admitted to smoking weed in her life.
 havent smoke a blunt since last year
 i hate when i get smoke in my eye .  lol
 we just want to smoke the whole pound
 manny left weed on the couch and my dog ate it should i be worried
 getting laid tonight would probably make my headache go away smoked a blunt so its 420x better
 who the fuck smokes a cucumber cigarette
 this is my first time that i smoked since summer 2014...........  jeez rach
 this is the longest wait i have ever had to do for some damn weed 
 i smoked 6 blunts today wow
 who tf got weed 
 atleast its never too late to smoke 
 everything seems different when u smoke a blunt up
 i can smoke weed in two months 
 still havent had any alcohol or done any drug that isnt weed  wow im so proud of myself lmfao
 think i did 4 liquid marijuana shots bad choice a
 how many smokes do u cig a day
 ive never debated this long about wether to smoke right now or not. whats wrong with me 
 smoking weed is almost like a cigarette to me now.
 macadamia nut milk. sesame butter. cacao nibs. maca root. hemp seeds. raw honey. alkaline ice.
 i like when people smoke through the toughest times.   such beauty.
 my dads on house arrest and i feel like i am also because ive been in the house with him since i got here only went outside to smoke a cig
 omg i smoked my first cigarette of 2017 today........feeling naughty
 de man caught with pounds of marijuana during traffic stop 
 water  granola bars amp weed is what i survive on
 @sabrinaannlynn it been one year since smoke and fire has been released  oneyearofsmokeandfire
 i didnt smoke all month.. that would explain my lack of patience these days 
 no reason two people smoke a half every weekend. i think i need to cut back.
 i been up for a hour im like should i smoke a blunt since im up already 
 @cwgnsf foggy right now and smokey from brush fire a couple of days ago
 todays the day our annual bridal showcase 46 79 hempstead tpke west hempstead 5165390766. come on down to sha 
 approaching 2 weeks no marijuana very proud of myself and going to continue this healthy journey 
 why east i dead all day yesterday. tyler amp i ate all those edibles and smoked all those blunts like it was 420 or sumn lmao
 @bengoldacre the weeds by @voxdotcom maybe or 538s politics podcast
 who wants to smoke one of these with me before the paradox tonight @excision 
 the weed is funky  but im smelling fine
 60 fucking dollars for a smoke co detector at home depot wtf
 i smoke so many great flavors a week youda thought we lived in cali 
 drippinn ganja video | prod by @sosaonthetrack x @marconi808 | coming soon giottos drippinganja 
 i just smoke a half of blunt of loud like 10mins ago 
 grew a pair and told my mom that a smoke ... surprisingly she took it fine 
 i hate people who smoke cigarettes like yall stink 
 do you know much as youll have to sell  you can go denver flip weed bricks legally and boom millionaire right the 
 went to smoke a cigarette this morning amp instantly went to vomiting thanks kwk
 generally speaking. ive been consistently in a marijuana coma since wednesday. i dont have the mental to get personal lol
 my cousin just woke up and started rolling up weed wtf 
 ive wanted to do a smokey eye for a week and since i decided to wear a graphic tee it would complete the outfit. 
 lmfao thats not weed 
 one pound of weed y ya se cre narco 
 ive smoked all my pot and watched all of shameless....what do i do now in life
 didnt smoke at all yesterday which is kinda strange
 where there is smoke   there is turkey... @ rathburn woods  columbus  ohio 
 @themeathouse smoked ribs using you jamaican jerk seasoning.  cant wait to bite into them. 
 its interesting to think about how many kids in hs have smoked weed
 some days you kill it  some days you just choke  some days you blast off  some days you just smoke.
 started my morning stressin n shit  smoked a wood n listened to my favorite my music. now
 i wish people didnt smoke cigarettes
 i smoked and reverse seared my first tomahawk and tritip. what do you think @gordonramsay  
 jeezy like to drink  jeezy like to smoke
 i literally woke up and smoked a cigarette and chugged mountain dew
 ive noticed that drunk people smoke all their cigs in 10 minutes
 fell in love w a stranger and he only smoke papers
 next time i make pancakes...im putting weed in the batter
 @themxstermind bro lets link been too long  smoke you out amp shit
 ive sat in my truck  in my driveway  smoked 3 blunts  all in and hour because im so bored
 the guys should come over and smoke hookah with me today
 only smoked twice this semester so far...proud of myself 
 it seems the stupid people in dc are weeding out nicely
 @raeboomer or u smoked that reggie
 havent gotten any purple weed in a minute and i honestly miss it...
 wow. how underrated is @willaford total smoke show. gorgeous and talented.  
 now i smoked it and a very asleep hunter is next to me 
 i havent smoked a blunt in over a week who even am i
 okay i think we smoke too much we jah how did you ever come up with me you and vagoo....
 @markmcphilllips tf did you smoke today
 on the plus  i decided not to smoke a cigarette today and i didnt really think id follow thru when i walked my dog but i didnt cave
 jeezy like to drink  jeezy like to smoke   jeezy like to mix arm and hammer with his coke
 @masscann @bostonglobe absolutely  marijuana convictions needlessly keep too many people from getting jobs they are 
 not one person has hmu since i quit smoking weed. people make me laugh honestly
  blammo  imp stout  14.5 abv  85 ibu  rich with flavors of intense roasted malts  dark chocolate  subtle smoke amp mouthcoating coconut 
 its was 4th of july 2014  i used to be wild  i popped 16 pills smoked and was drinking  and i died literally. 
 mite buy a pound for myself and just smoke it up 
 right before takeoff started smelling smoke
 hate da smell of cigarette smoke
 i have no problem with people smoking weed. i do have a problem with smoking in your garage and it coming into my apt. thoughtlessneighbors
 damn i smoked ate a bunch of food and am now just waking up again
 every time ive smoked today i got super sleepy. best naps ever
 @professorspicks wow unlv gettin smoked
 my favorite dispensary got the reup on the hemp blunts... today is a good day
 so to smokenvape they have all your vape ||vape juice || hookah products amp more. gt follow 
 i love how weed is casually in there  
 i never have weed ona nice day 
 shit is getting real at the cannabisweddingexpo  stoned over all the people we have met 
 ive never once found any marijuana in a pothole. am i right guys quits comedy
 its 2017 why do people still smoke cigarettes
 i havent smoked a cig for a day im already anxious 
 lmao i just bought a g pen from a smoke shope and it has weed in it 
 i stg carbondale weed so fucking
 have youve been playing with cilantro again  my managers way of asking if ive smoked before my shift
 i will never smoke a cigarette in my lifeeee
 wings that were in the smoker for an hour and a half  now finishing off on the grill for that crisp skin 
 today my last day smoking marijuana
 ill never understand why people smoke cigarettes...never
 thanks to facebook memories  i apparently smoked weed for the first time 6 years ago today
 hate when people be so pressed to smoke
 @jleonard777 seems like it would. brined 24 hours. added a little montreal steak seasoning while cooking. smoked for about an hour at 250
 that feeling when you.grt your first smoke after a transatlantic flight...
 brandie smoked a cig with logan and is dad lastnight .. what is life lol
 today is one of those days where i wish i still smoked. cravingacigarette 
 there are people smoking weed at this reception and no one has invited me
 my car smells that straight weed smh smh smh smh
 i smoke before i go to places bc ppl stare tf out of me amp being baked makes me not give a fuck 100x more 
 i smoke dutches but i just hate the smell
 i havent smoked a blunt to illmatic in a long time smh
 why do people still intentionally black smoke other vehicles it doesnt make you cool.
 i dont smoke weed but why tf is it illegal
 well be @noboatbrewing next saturday for the wabeer open house. theyll have a new cherry wood smoked red ale and 
 who wants to be a doll and smoke
 havent had a smoke in a whole 24 hrs..... 
 i cant believe i just smoked with my parents  or the fact that they asked me to  or the fact that they have better bud then half u niggas
 you know im sick when ive only smoked 2 cigarettes today 
 @amberjensen smoke beer brah
 ive smoked alot and i feel so rough
 if you dont like weed  youve probably never smoked it 
 ive smoked too many blunts in 2dayz
 how many times did you smoke this week 
 packed with cocoa and beautifully smokey. this is spec... caribbean chocolate cake 2015  photo
 its insane how much money i always have left from my paychecks since i stopped smoking weed 
 jah know december 2016 was litty i smoke through at least 2 pounds in that 1 month 
 my mind really buggin or maybe its cuz i havent smoked yet either way this suck
 my smoke with this man i stg 
 13 hours in on a 12 pound pork butt... coming off the smoker in about 30 minutes ilikebigbutts
 i only smoke meth when i absolutely need to stay up for 2 and a half days straight
 ive literally cried so much my eyes look like ive smoke a pound of weeks ampmy bags under my eyes say ive been punched in the face imfine
 smoking weed with my two favorite white girl bestfriends
 ive literally cried so much my eyes look like ive smoke a pound of weed ampmy bags under my eyes say ive been punched in the face imfine
 why is everyone so surprised when i reveal to them ive never smoked weed
 herbs in front of me yet not inna mood to smoke it.............
 how i feel smoking weed knowing damn well i have 2 huge exams tmrw 
 in vegas with my parents and we each just drank 3 martinis and my parents are smoked. help me
 hemp wraps becoming my choice to smoke now
 @cassiehelley15 cassie but why nigga ill smoke with you any day of the week bb 
 damn been a long time since i smoke . otc aint even planing on it
 a snapshot of what our day looked like today  at the cannabisweddingexpo   and so much 
 you can never smoke wax from around here once youve had the good stuff
 no i dont smoke hbu @ hookah house 
 i hate the smell of weed smoke 
 i feel like im soo good at weeding out f8kes.... major key... dont lie about what you do making it seem like ur doing the damn thing
 surprised i havent smoked yet. dont really wanna
 i think im tripping because i havent smoked a full blunt lately im having withdrawal symptoms
 i havent smoked weed in about 2months im proud of myself 
 its just because i smoke everyday faithfully ampamp ian smoked today  yet
 @ilykells aww thats to bad i dont smoke we wouldve been dead
 @pardonmytake ive been smoking a lot of weed recently so im a little woke
 this was really cool and all  but that was a waste of weed smh 
 in highschool  so many people talked shit about me and my homies smoking.. and now those people smoke openly 
 fucking and smoking on marijuana 
 i probably smoke atleast .8 to 1.5 a day of wax. its gotten bad.. lol
 i hadnt smoked bud in a hella long time until last night....it was a great choice 
 smoking weed and eating taco bell at the same time. am i living an aesthetic rn
 start spreading the news | arizona cannabis business expo | april 12 amp 13 |  
 one time i brought a half smoked joint to school unaware it would be that noticeable  got scared when people smelled it  then swallowed it.
 start spreading the news | arizona cannabis business expo | april 12 amp 13 |  
 we smoked 10 woods 
 wow my mom thinks i smoke weed ...
 i remember getting plotted on when i use to smoke lmao
 trump is our president and weed it still illegal what a year
 only one of her eyes were red amp she said she smoked half a blunt lmao
 i ain smoke in 5 days
 chill   relax amp smoke weed  
 went down to the basement of the hospital to sneak a smoke  got to looking at all the work it 
 jules said i dont look like i smoke a gram of wax a day and thats. so nice because i do
 i hate getting weed from new people its like taking a chance. cause if its some trash shit you stuck
 i really need this rain to not flood and shut down houston tomorrow i havent bought more weed yet
 to be honest ive already stopped. i aint smoked shit.... 
 not this retarded one ... no smoke and thats no joke leave that to clintons and obamas
 blackberry  blueberry  plum  smoke  toasted marshmallow  coffee  firm tannins w med finish. great every day syrah 
 ive smoked weed for 4 years and dont know how to roll a blunt
 @robertgarcia329 im so glad i smoked
 pieced a cigarette with my coworker today after work. i hadnt smoked in like a year oops lol.
 after my mama smoked she gone come in the kitchen like  no snacks   lmfao done ate my big ass donut 
 @julezsd @jadewhisperrr yas w 2 fine bitches lets to slayyy amp drank amp smoke im w itttt
 i lost an entire half gram of wax and thought id just smoked it all but its cool cause michael found it
 havent not smoked since like thursday fuuckk  need to stop 
 breaking fire at baldwin park hotel. @lacofdpio says 9 people treated for smoke inhalation. minor injuries. live r 
 breaking fire at baldwin park hotel. @lacofdpio says 9 treated for smoke inhalation. minor injuries. live update o 
 since one energy drink makes me feel like tyrone biggums  if i actually smoked crack id be seeing sounds  eat a newspaper  and then die
 its been a long time since i crawled into bed with cigar smoke on my skin....
 whos in the ive never smoked weed and im a senior in high school club like me
 we had secks  watched anime  played games  smoked  ate  slept. basically a good ole time. lol
 people actually still smoke cigeretts
 so many people just smoke to fit in lmaooo 
 im so glad i have weed now for school
 just remembered that time @mackenziekral smoked too much wax and blacked out in a tj maxx and has to sit down in the aisle lmao
 just remembered that time @mackenziekral smoked too much wax and blacked out in a tj maxx and had to sit down in the aisle lmao
 was this when i disappeared for 9373388338 years bc of my anti weed parentnsjsjsj 
 @vapepensales smoke with pleasures with ceramic wax atomizer....httpst.coa5ogrlctby 
 nice in finals of this mini uzis on shipment im gonna have to play smoked on his host with a keyboard should be interesting
 i almost forgot i still had weed in my bag 
 i only smoked 1 blunt today  just one lmao
 i wish i smoked cigarettes sometimes hell
 went three days without smoking weed and i broke my streak yesterday
 @tavezy she literally looks like she smoked meth  have u guys moved on to that instead of xanax
 i smoked a half bomb with some candy land and felt the most lit. like when i first started smoking
 everyone tells me its weird not seeing me smoke. .
 when you realize craig did steal on his day off because when smokey saw him two days ago he didnt have that gun. 
 water  acv  then weed. in that order otherwise that acv will keep this look on ya face  all day. 
 i ran out of weed for the week and its only monday  i just reup on thursday
 smoothiebowl pineapple  banana  maca  @rebblelixirs  hemp seeds  amp topped w cookie dough  @artisanafoods coconut 
 starting to hate hate when people smoke around me or smoke period.
 fire on the 5th floor at 310 dundas st e.  crews on scene.  smoke pouring out of windows.  @citynews 
 like ive been up since like 9 ready to smoke
 @youngmeagher and i quote you havent smoked it will leave your system in like a week  noooo
 i smoke two joints before i smoke two joints  and then i smoke two more.
 hate them bitches that just smoke and think they wavey cause they smoke  bitch please
 chiropractor telling me about all the different strains like a mothafucka...shouldve been a medical marijuana dr
 cant wait to smoke a cig when im done smoking this cig
 may or may not have just seen a girl wearing a fur hat and pretending to smoke a cig on the way to class but idk
 my momma just asked me did i smoke a blunt  a bowl   or a can last night 
 420 is basically next month.. i think im copping 2 ozs for troy amp i to smoke just us
 i lived in hollywood  went 2 mexico  performed in san diego  sold pounds  went to a grow house  and met and smoked with every rapper on twit
 one time i really liked this guy and he didnt like girls who smoked so i stopped getting high for like 3 months lmao what
 people still smoke regs 
 my first time playing 2k in like two and a half years. smoked this man.  
 me when i tell people ive never drank or smoke before amp still dont 
 i hate a do u  have any rollies type of nikka   ion smoke dem rolliesss all woods dat way
 its like half this world lives for smoking weed  spring break and going to athens every weekend
 silicone water pipes for your smoke many many colors to choose from so to smokenvape. @ 
 i sound like ive smoked two packs a day for 40 years. im so over being sick
 im smoking this moon rock and im  high af i aint smoked 25 of the wood yet
 i took my medicine on an empty stomach and ive been in so much fucking pain since and all i wanna do is smoke wtf
 i got weed all in my damn dreads smh
 i really wasnt mature enough for college that first year. this year feels so much better . also havent smoked weed  before class anymore
 go smoke you tripping .. 
 thats like 2 blunts no need for all that weed in a back wood 
 oatmeal w cannabis butter eaten. now 2 wait for feel goods amp relaxation so hot tub soak will take much better. ra chronicpain
 im about to to smoke reggie for the first time in 12 years.  i should livestream this
 have not smoked a blunt in months 
 i remember when we smoke them half quarter blunts 
 ill never understand why people smoke with the windows up. 
 they smoke a pig mighty fine in this joint @ jerrylawlerbbq 
 @kiaraaalee519 lol wow  i didnt have my car so we smoked there but yes tell him and we all smoke
 my parents found out i smoke.. and theyre not even making a big deal out of it   im glad were at this level already 
 @nypd6pct cant seem to walk through washington square park wo being offered a smoke  ever. today  three times. 
 still amazes me how so many people at my school smoke weed but im the only one who gets punished for it.
 i stg i would cough up my left lung to smoke a blunt with @rihanna
 todays world is fucking upside down g holy smokes
 dont miss out on our smoker shirt if you havent ordered it yet dm us for the link 
 just bet my dad 500 that i wont smoke weed for two months. easiest  half grand ill ever make. sucker
 it burns in my chest like the first cigarette i smoked to impress.
 aint seen in years  2k17 @ the smoke room 
 i think weed caught up to me now bc i wanna be high 247
 hate when someone says that dont like people that smoke but they end up smoking now gimme my 30 seconds
 all i ever do is smoke  i been high for the past 3 months kmsl
 im sitting here thinking damn im tryna smoke and i look at my bong and theres a fat ass bowl packed from last night
 ever since i had a terrible shroom trip a few months ago  i havent been able to smoke without getting super anxiousparanoid
 higher than the ozone  let me smoke until i die
 refugees are kind of like smoke  amp the war is the fire. its very difficult to get people interested in the smoke when there is a fire.
 i hate niggas who sell weed out of butterfly jars because they are nick size and people try sell them as dimes...
 im eating smoked almonds during this all day budget meeting like 
 im an aunt lmao. ima smoke this child tf out
 @kfile @damonbethea1  hes not really golfing ... its more weed whacking and cursing
 i havent smoked in two days  i see progress amp plus im broke so 
 i havent smoked in two days i see progress  plus im broke soooo 
 when they give up on you cause you smoke but you never jugded their bad habits lmfao okay
 i was so depressed i literally smoked cigarettes which is the nastiest things you can ever ever ever do do not ever fuck with those yall
 literally the loml left me  i stopped sleeping and got these ugly dark circles  stopped eating  i smoked cigarettes 
 i smoked some gas lastnight. i was damn near dead lmao.
 anybody on here got one of those snoop pot pens they smoke out of lemme know
 idc if you smoke but this is the most headass thread that ive ever seen. if you smoke and think its good for your 
 i hate when people smoke around me
 hows your day going  im selling weed  so my day is going just fine
 i can smoke cookies or kush all day any day. best weed ever
 bizarre uninsured pizza restaurant owner  wants answers after business went up in smoke. im live @5 @nbc6 
 @gobobbo @emilioemm nah im gonna keep doing that but havent smoked yet today
 shane and i are buying weed today for the first time in probably over a year 
 some people should not smoke weed
 people making weed so complicated these days
 whats your addiction is it money is it girls is it weed ive been afflicted by not one  not two  but all three
 people that smoke cigarettes are soooo unattractive
 those are fine but weed is better 
 i like how peaceful it is here  when drifters arent yelling amp trying to bum smokes off of us. dayoff tourlife 
 im stressed tf out and kant even smoke 
 idk how people smoke cigarettes and be okay with that
 i need a new weedman dawg smh
 thoughts today  i quit smoking 5 years ago. was more of a social smoker. my dad quit decades 
 malibu mike fun fact 74 ive never smoked a cigarette
 its so sad to me ive lost count of how many packs kelly has smoked today. you can hear it in whats left of her voice
 i need a blunt. i havent smoked today yet.
 some people should consider smoking weed
 if you smoke a pack a day  youre twice as likely to have a heart attack as a nonsmoker. 
 these two too much @ harleys smokeshack 
 havent smoked a cigarette since thursday and im probably never gonna again. fuck that habit.
 a year ago today @ogsportyspice and i bought weed off of a drug dealer finding app and almost got killed
 @strandy24 praying for a healthy return. jake stephens from brophy pitching for santa clara had tj last season and just smoked 12 uw u fine
 this weed man is fine. wow. 
 as soon as people find out i smoke  they wanna sesh with me and mace and its pretty doppeee
 who tf wants to smoke a blunt for an hour anyway 
 like i rather catch my child smoking weed than smoking a cigarette  
 wow by now im usually by my 6 or 7 th blunt .. i havent even smoked the first one today yet.
 the fact that i cant smoke weed for the next 4 months trip balls is really making a a bitternasty bitch.
 havent smoked in a week so sorry not if im a bitch truecolors
 dont smoke pot with sick people
 i  a smoker  can indeed confirm smoking is  indeed  terrible for you
 stk denver serving boulder chicken  golden carolina rice  smoked squash. amazing foodporn 
 @emmetcahill do u remember the song about sea weed that u sang at the opening of celtic thunder concert long time ago
 ate shit on my board right in front of work and talked in front of all my managers wearing a lanyard around my neck w weed maps all over it
 if he was a real savage he wouldve smoked him in front of his daughter  
 the biggest culture shock of moving to nyc is seeing people my age smoke cigarettes like girl spit that cancer stick out b4 i smack you
 loud as fck cold smoked  pear infused mezcal el silenciostgermainchardonnay syrup lemon juice   craftcocktails hst cocktailsbygene
 loud as fck cold smoked  pear infused mezcal el silenciostgermainchardonnay syruplemon juice 
 can people stop telling me stories that involve fucking weed like wow weed is weed
 ive smoked so much since friday doesnt make any sense frfr
 i thought pounds of weed were 200. theyre not
 i just got excited about hemp tofu.... have i become that person vegan recognizeprivilege
 i smoke all day  
 im pretty sure my parents know i smoke weed but they just havent mentioned it to me
 people acting like smoking weed is the worst thing ever
 some people smoke to get high but honestly i use weed so i dont feel like dying all the time
 i think today might be be the first day i havent had weed in ever
 damn kids and their reefer 
 worlds still turning   weed still burning 
 pissed tf off bc my weed has still yet to arrive 
 remove clothing  smoke weed  look for food. 
 would you believe if i tell you i never smoked in my life 
 @grovernorquist no  hed just smoke pot or do harder drugs.  why would kurt cobain vape  vaping is wholly idiotic.
 future be speaking to me man he touches my soul man rolling with strippers rocking designer and smoking rapper weed  
 real crazy haha havent smoked in foreverrrrr tho
 lol im so glad i went to go smoke
 and smoke of course fuck what people think
 how many cigarettes did vanessas mom smoke when she was pregnant with her little brother thebachelor
 its disgusting how many people in my family smoke cigarettes.
 worst people are the ones who talk about godly life yet sleep with someone different ever week  drink  and smoke. lol @ your hypocrisy 
 aw smoke sesh at my house with my favs  havent had one of these in forevaaaa 
 so  for the record  ive never done illicit or illegal drugs in my life  outside of 3 weed tries when i was 16. since then  100 clean. 14
 ive consumed more weed than food today
 havent ate anything all day amp im all outta weed. 
 cigarette smoke is the worst
 @eveewing kale is a trash weed. spinach actually has more nutrients.
 when the smoke clears and everyone you thought was there for you is gone  dont say i was never there for you. smh
 i literally hate when people get on me ab how much weed i smoke. like literally why do people care so much lmao
 havent smoked hookah in so long kinda want too.
 ive been reflecting on myself a lot lately and ive come to the conclusion that i need marijuana in my life. how do i get started
 not a good day today. ill just smoke it off.
 confession my first tattoo was in a crack house  by a 17 year old guy  that only charged me 10 dollars  and used the money for weed.
 gets bashed on in high school for smoking weed every day now we in college  same people posing on social media about doing hella drugs 
 my 5 pound yorkie just ate my weed what am i supposed to do
 so i smoked amp was thinking to myself  damn i aint high yet then i realized i put the cereal box in the fridge amp the milk in the cabinet.
 matter of facts i put a lot of people on dem woods at first they aint like it but nowthat all they smoken now
 ill never understand why people smoke cigarettes
 never smoked 
 i forgot how gr8 it is to smoke like i havent done it in like 6 months wtf was i doing with my life
 @pardonmytake his fitbit had smoke coming out of it.
 im thinkin i should smoke half of my mornin blunt seein as how ion need to b dat high
 one tweet about @tacobell and now i have multiple marijuana twitters following me.
 ive been puking all day. finally decided to smoke kief and im finally eating. thank god.
 i see people say things like  i need too smoke or your not coming...these are real examples that people have said on my timeline
 i havent smoked in three months and it makes me sad.
 so i have a weed sugar daddy now  im getting weed for my presence
 wow  ive been smoking alot latley. i should probably stop that. chain smokes 3 cigarettes
 my boss is smoking weed for the first time in 36 years and its the funniest shit ever
 never smoked 
 i can never make cute videos when im high smoking weed  but i b looking cute when im sober smoking that lil hookah pen 
 i havent smoked a cigarette or eaten taco bell in a month so 
 i have never smoked weed a day in my life 
 @caitix2011 stay strong i quit the week before my foot surgery  so i havent smoked since the end of october. its tough  but worth it
 @laykendeleon freshman year carter 4 dropped  niggas was jammin blunt blowin before they even smoked
 cigarette smoke is awful hate  its bad for my asthma  amp smoking weed  eeeh its whatevers 
 im not a roller bitch   im a smoker.. tf 
 god bless smoke odor covering candles
 i havent smoked a blunt in years 
 csually sitting next to two pounds of weed
 you either smoke or get smoked
 nothing wrong with smoking weed it just seems like everybody doing it now smh
 @shegotkicks nothing is wrong with smoking weed it just seems like everybody doing it now .. like people just following
 i havent smoked in so long  i need that shit lol
 we really asked the pizza delivery guy if he smoked lmfao
 and freshmansophomore.... boyyyyyy i done smoked between every damn class
 havent drink nor smoke in like 7 months i been clean for 7 months 
 need weed to cope
 @crystalrivassss @heavyhitterstpc i havent even smoked  lmao but look its twice the size  temptations
 my dad says he buys a pound of weed each year for 100  wtf
 anna thicc af  funny af always comes to the av but never tryna smoke  interesting  i like ur hair 
 @geofflitwin yeah  havent used it since i smoked my mcl
 smoking weed and watching lord of the rings
 dont hate the smokers. live your life and dont judge others. you probably do things that they 
 dont hate the smokers. live your life and dont judge others. you probably do things that they 
 boogie getting traded to the pelicans is the equivalent of @fabienm12 moving to twin and us getting stuck with smoke.
 why didnt anyone tell me people smoke weed through this whole movie
 @izabellarias mm too bad i aint smoked in like 34 months
 imagen all the people who are neurotypical and never have smoked the kush. must be a pretty shit life eh
 i would like to sell weed for a living
 ive only smoked out an apple lol
 ive never smoked cigs  
 i literally that sound i just took a smoked a blunt with ur girlfriend was future
 wow shes smoked chicken. lmao 
 never smoked before 
 i smoke my cigarette with style
 my cousin came over yesterday  we smoked  ate hella food and took a nap lol
 need atleast a zip when i smoke
 never smoked a day in my life but this shit funny 
 defiantwench i smoked pot for a month one night
 i havent had a legitimate goodnight sleep where i felt well rested since 2012 when i stopped smoking weed
 good morning errybody make sure to smoke some weed on this fine new day
 another day another dollar outta work bouta smoke a cannon
 i will never be cool  let alone kool. i did smoke newports when i was 18. if i were still smoking cigarettes i would be dead. goodmorning
 she looks cool as fuck. like she smoke blacks and can beat anybody in spades while sitting pretty so i get it. 
 so niggas counting how many blunts they smoke a day so cool
 hi i havent smoked since friday. i was at a packday. i feel less gross
 thats a facts but its our hip hop scene  so we gotta embrace the talent out here the fakes will get weeded out 
 @sadgirl2013 it literally doesnt even prove anything bc out of the percentage of preg smokers almost half of them have low birth rates..
 really havent smoked or drunk in a full week 
 hate having to smoke outside now because i never actually want to get out of bed..
 that shit crazy i smoked weed for 6 years already longest habit or addiction i have ever had
 who trying to smoke with me when i land in miami
 how do people just smoke weed like.. all day..
 jaguars gave up julius thomas to miami for a 7th round pick holy smokes
 all clear after smell of smoke reported at hcsocourthouse hpd says likely hvac system brought in smoky air from co 
 thingsisayaftersex sooo you want to smoke a cig now.. oooorr...
 almost to 81. stopped for coffee  a smoke  and to take a leak. making good time so far.
 ive been saving for this trip since new years so itd be nice if i did more that smoke and cruise lol i do that at home already
 im just tryna smoke like lil debbie 
 seeing health care providers on a smoke break is like watching your personal trainer slam a dozen donuts and then tell you to run. smh
 since im late already might as well smoke some bowls and actually be late
 thank you @waitwait for making the show available as a podcast. it makes work more bearable. yogi  not smokey
 two years ago i was in africa. holy smokes.
 naw smoke bra be speaking lol 
 havent smoked one going on 3 months amp i feel better than ever  
 have you guys ever smoked weed its like super cool and fun. you should try it out maybe
 id rather do both and then smoke weed the next day again to fix the hangover.. like think ahead 
 went to target for something i actually needed smoked on way here left with three things i didnt need
 havent smoked in a week someone shoot me
 just watched a dude smoke 3 darts in row.. impressive
 wtf can i actually slip by tsa  in the way of weed  not weapons
 my professor just accidentally admitted to smoking marijuana lmaoo
 @jtrhodes1 yes i use charcoal and add the flavor wood  i use cherry  3 fist size pieces  once when i put the meat on the smoker.
 havent smoked in so long  been sick forever i just wanna have fun over break 
 we are not the biggest smoke shop yet but we started off in a closet  shout to all my day 
 i dont know if i smoked to much grass today or what  but this drake x semtex interview has me captivated
 lot of recent pumps getting smoked today zais myos pulm zsan
 white people smoke weed hippies black people smoke weed thugs  white people on welfare poor black people on welfare lazy
 lot of recent pumps getting smoked today zais myos pulm zsan bntc  looks like the backside is in
 that smokey bones was so good lastnight
 @couurrrt id do it for a half smoked cigarette
 for the past two months ive been playing 258 by smokepurpp and still havent found a song that goes harder than it
 wish i could smoke weed on my front porch  but i live right downtown and it would probaly be frowned upon. lol.
 throwing up bc you just smoked 2 pounds of broccoli literally  
 feeling like smokepurpp a year ago
 @stephymakesupur same i wish i wouldve smoked a fatty first.. smh
 lunch a smoke and some tre flips
 will ampi have been inseparable for 2 months now. also idk how he deals w my moody  cheeseburger loving crybaby weed smokin self but who cares
 like damn you smoke a pack a dayunderage alcoholics nah imma go watch half blood prince again
 the cashier at the smoke shop by my house is literally tweaking on meth atleast half the times that i go there 
 i dont smoke weed 24 hours a day   7 days a week... sometimes i run out 
 get my first job   lived to see another year   smoked a blunt 
 @amberlportwood im trying to remember do you still smoke cigarettes or did you quit asking for business reasons
 ima finna smoke this lit personal amp be gu
 only the basic bitches you have around you get excited over a pound of weed and an 8 ball of coke do better.
 edibles are so popular because people have nowhere to smoke it  argues emmett reistroffer  who ran successful denver potclub campaign
 i havent smoked weed in three years but i kinda wanna get high today haha
 when vaping at a resort i was just asked  where can people smoke actual cigarettes here  people still do that
 at first i didnt let myself inhale  but smoke got through and so did you 
 doctor do you smoke or are sexually active  parent sitting in the room 
 since when do you smoke thats so not you 
 and most likely smokes 
 sumo smoke breaks amp chops vol 2 
 i crave a cigarette probably twice a day  and i have v easy access to it. im so proud that i still havent smoked one.
 @sonandpop   pop  since you was 10  you smoked a cigarette 41 miles long  thats real super king size  aint it 
 i smoked my last cigarette on 52116.  ive been a non smoker for 9 months today  praising god for givin 
 honestly once that bar hit me after rolling a second blunt of my own weed was when i blacked tf out
 milo smoked a blunt and a hit of x one night and believes still to have powers beyond beyonce.
 its literally been like 2 years since i smoked with this nigga decolo
 jaguar fpace llumar ceramic ctx 15 to match factory smoked rear windows.  llumar ceramic air 
 jaguar fpace llumar ceramic ctx 15 to match factory smoked rear windows.  llumar ceramic air blue 80 windshield. 
 my momma told me i started smokin weed to early 
 havent smoked a single cig today
 im coughing like a person whos smoked for 10 years after running.
 cookie bag thats my choice of reefer 
 people drive like such dick weeds in this state. jfc. chill out.
 wanna know why im so irritated bc i havent smoked yet
 hello fellow youth do you do the marijuanas answer honestly im just one of your homies. 
 in 5th grade i got suspended because some girl gave me weed and people snichted on me 
 @greta  ive never taken so much alprazolam or smoked so much weed in the last 32 days in my life. . or really nov 8 2017 @lawrence @maddow
 the kind of people who smoke and dont die
 @greta ive never take so much alprazolam or smoked so much weed as in the last 32 days or really nov 8 2016 @lawrence @maddow @billmaher
 @the2freshest @will811 are you dumb d.a.r.e. took marijuana off their drug list a year or two ago
 today gun be the first day i aint smoke atleast one blunt in a min lol
 @truedreamer21 @rentmoneygawd oh nah. if its weed then that cool lol. but cigarettes 
 i smoke and drink every once ina while when i need to relax or when i really feel accomplished af
 @maddow @msnbc @nbcnews weed out hate  sow the seeds of peace. matt lauer pitched on today 
 in 7th grade these white kids told the teacher i was selling smarties and making people smoke smarties. i got sent 
 @maddow   hillary clinton weed out hate she is speaking about my program 
 people i graduated with out here getting married and im just lookin for a chick to smoke and start a nextflix show w
 days like today i wish i still smoked 
 @zakbagans make vegas smokefree ...you can do it
 people smoke two blunts a day and talk about smoking good
 something to be proud of for myself  havent had a cigarette since saturday.   thats a lot for me cause i used to smoke 2 packs of reds a day
 natural selection is coming for the people that smoke cigarettes for the aesthetic.
 smoke weed for a years and i have never owned a grinder 
 ive been smoking weed for a couple years and never have i ever owned a grinder 
 my mama had the nerve to ask me if i smoked cigarettes... da fuck
 i honestly hate that everybody smokes. im not a fan.
 nothing better than getting smoked out
 one time in walmart i got smoked in the head by a cart when i bent down to pick up a bag and the woman didnt even say anything
 havent had weed in my system for 24 hours 
 i miss jasmine and lauren smoke sessions so much
 i need a weed dealer
 ive been trynna cope by getting weed
 i went to a cardio class today and got smoked by the woman next to me with an asthma inhaler next to her mat. 
 @walterbiscardi @jsalvo @bkmeditor @adobepremiere @almooney alttab to ae is really no harder than switching to batch in smoke
 im never smoking weed again
 its aight to be different from your friends  will to smoke 
 i havent smoked a cig in 2 days ....
 portuguese rouget | local pork belly | smoked onion | pistachio | olive mustard | calabrian chili tasty fish than 
 when i smoke with other people  
 ive smoked 2 joints  4 blunts  amp 1 blunt with oil since i woke up..  also went to work  paid my fines  amp cleaned my car. 
 parents only do you smoke weed
 @ronthegenius @joecroninjcs lol they be smoking some weed all night long. 
 up in smoke hookah weed 
 up in smoke hookah weed 
 up in smoke hookah weed 
 any who   i havent smoked in 2 days let me see how far i can get with this one 
 when you tell your bf youve never seen the dukes of hazzard or smokey and the bandit 
 my dealer is a good dealer because he delivers me weed fast as fuck 
 i just burped and smoke came out and i havent smoked in like an hour
 i remember when smoke didnt fill my lungs
 i hate when people think my weed is our weed.
 when i smoked that blunt a few hours ago  
 i wonder if my parents smoked together like we did
 sitting right here trying to act normal so neither one of them notice me weeding like 
 smell like my sisteramp her bd in there smoking cigarettes but really smoking reggie. i was wondering why the smoke detectors was going off
 i smoke to cope
 if you haven seen the gorilla smoke a joe at blue bayou your lifes a joke
 about to smoke a vegan blunt...like wtf is that
 ppl only hmu to smoke smh smh 
 why do people come to my house and smoke in my drive way 
 havent smoked in a few days cuz no munchies is messing up this focus
 i smoked fat and ate good today  lol
 i havent smoked in like 23 weeks but i feel smacked
 i definitely smoke less now then about 2 months ago lol
 i definitely smoke less now than about 2 months ago lol
 o shamp so smoked lmao  
 i swear to god that i am already getting smokers cough and ive only been smoking for a month or two....
 he smokes so hes like an alcoholic of cigarettes  myfriendsareweird
 i got my tooth extracted a week ago is it safe to smoke a blunt  im dying
 i havent smoked in like two weeks  im proud of myself low key
 son my daddy had some lil weed lollipops i was high for about 2 days stg
 ive come to realize some of my friends arent actually friends and i could describe them as weedships instead of friendships
 nadia texted me and said so you got all that weed on your snapchat let me get a 16th for the free  i stg i hate this bitch 
 my cousin went to oak cliff like how long ago  amp still aint back w. the damn smoke
 @eccentricangel  wishing we could smoke one rn.
 and smoke my hookah...
 dexter meets weeds. hmm... not quite right... santaclaritadiet
 dexter meets weeds. hmm... not quite right... santaclaritadiet
 @pickletoolbox wish i was in deland dawg ive been weedless for three days
 this marijuana class is actually really interesting 
 im so proud of myself  i drank a whole bottle of wine  took a lot of xanax  and smoked a lot of weed. and i still didnt message any exs
 we place t44 i might smoke a cigarette
 for the people that think i still smoke   i stopped a couple months ago and havent drink since last year i think
 literally have never been out smoked in my life.
 i havent smoked all day. wow
 for all my bitches that smoke hookah...said no1 ever 
 bring it up again tomorrow  bitches the 42 day nonsmoker but it is a valid complaint when i smoked i never left partially smoked
 what lol i hate when people exaggerate the way weed makes you feel... 
 never to old to smoke weed in the woods at your local skatepark
 peopel who smoke cigs still disgust me
 people who still smoke cigs disgust me
 i havent smoked one to the face in a minute o.m
 i smoke like theres no tomorrow but trying to prove that cigarettes arent bad for you is completely stupid 
 sam right now before we came out to smoke a blunt 
 i think i smoked half a pack of cigarettes tonight lmao
 why arent weed dealers open 247
 in eighth grade  i dodged getting caught smoking weed at school ... but then my mom caught me a week later amp i coul 
 i really miss my roll dawg denzel   them early morning missions we did just to smoke like fuuuck i miss him 
  puffs cigarette slowly a chicken in the kitchen was making all the sounds. the cake was done while we were sitting around. blows smoke
 havent smoked or drinked in awhile and i dont plan to again 
 if you can smoke a cig before 8 a.m. im not disgusted.... im honestly impressed
 bruh who still smokes cigarettes other than middle school drug dealers
 peanut what is ur favorite food peanut meat  chat weed
 if you aint never smoke no larry better try you some
 4th day and havent smoked.
 @weedmanhippy thanks for following me weedman hippie. i love you ben
 i hate when people take snaps n videos of them smoking n blowing smoke in the camera like u look dumb not cool.
 i hate people who think theyre better than others because they dont smoke anymore like whatever
 i asked her she smoking she told me no im smoking up all the weed  the first day i hit it she tell all her friends now they on to me
 @dawnlawsonaz yep. 2nd hand smoke is very bad. 2 of my siblings died from lung diseases and the 2 living ones have copd with emphysema. 
 @dawnlawsonaz i smoked those little cigars for quite a while. only about 23 per day though. swisher sweets are damn good but glad i stopped
 the first couple days after a break up i smoke all day
 my mom smoked through my sisters pregnancy. she gave birth at 40 weeks my sister was 5.5 lbs amp her left eye didnt 
 who steals my grinder and weed out of my car but not my wallet or any of my cash....... wow
 im trying to be the old white dude who chills in a smoking jacket all day with his mistresses and smokes 1000 cigars like theyre stoges.
 i keep smelling weed  i think its coming out of my pores by now
 my coworkers that never come in the office are here today. and theyre arguing about the pros and cons to weed right out in the open smh
 today i purchased a coffin and i aint even die yet  smoked about a hundred blunts and i aint even high yet 
 a white man with an eye patch and a sling just walked up to me and asked me for a cigarette. i told him that i dont smoke.
 best timing ive ever seen. he was finna smoke all them niggas 
 yeah not people who only text you when theyre out of weed or wax or only have 15 mins before school to hangout. 
 i cant see how people can smoke cigarettes. like they just sit there and go through a whole pack in a day.
 i just purchased a coffin  and i aint even die yet smoked about 100 blunts and i aint even high yet @meechisdead 
 the field is the world  and the good seed stands for the people of the kingdom. the weeds are the people  . . . 
 smh quickest way to get smoked  
 can someone smoke w me since avas a fat bluff
 i seen to be in a new realm of boredom. i have no desire for ganja  and i have tons of it. very strange. just no interest in anything.
 @seanspicer yo mr gopdea anticonstitutional antiwashington jefferson etc who wereallpro freemdom of choice for hemp opium alcohol etc
 i didnt smoke for almost 2 years amp im so happy im smoking again amp i still know how to roll
 yeah you wanna say youre really cultured  lol i bet you havent even smoked meth before fuckin loser
 lmao boots smoked 
 i dont know whether to have two margaritas and smoke a cigarette  or smoke two cigarettes and have a margarita. polly thebookofpolly
 gunna smoke weed and lather myself in shea butter lotion  thanks
 i really hate people that smoke cigarettes like ewwwww
 ...and pint of lean  pound of weed  and a kilo
 @thenn52 you snorted weed
 my cannabis disappeared tellasadstoryin3words durangoorganics 
 i stopped smoking weed for a week now and my girl just rips dabs in front of me like 
 episode 37 weve got kit raff talking weed ethics  sanctuary stunt studio  and 
 senior year i got 10 days out for a gram of weed  
 right. plus im not the only smoker in my area. im just the one seen cause i smoke periodically throughout the day 
 i havent smoked a cigarette in 40 days hopefully ill stop wanting them soon smokefree
 lil pump and smokepurp are garbage
 sitting at the diner watching a guy smoked used cigarettes off the ground alpenaprobz
 only thing is... i cant smoke for like 3 months  for screenings amp the actual extraction
 just seen some shawty snap filled with her blowing the weed out like its hookah shit ruined my week
 @roybelly  first time seeing a customer at the grocery store carrying a weed whacker around interesting  
 havent smoked at all this week
 junior year i got suspended because this bitch snitch when she got caught smellin like weed 
 i havent bought weed in a minute bc ppl literally keep giving it to me
 16 year old me who smoked weed was a lot happier me honestly
 should i try to smoke a cigarette in front of my mom
 9th grade we smoked weed in the green house a few times but we never got caught 
 dont even wanna smoke    im just sitting here  tf
 @nvandistrict why so many cannabis shops three in a one block radius seems a bit much.
 some days i wana smoke all day  some days i dont wana smoke at all
 drinking a smoked chocolate cherry stout by @lionbridgebrew at @lionbridgebrew  
 ive wanted to smoke a cigarette sooo bad today bc ive been so mad but i havent
 the fact that smoking weed makes me a more coherent person
 if white people are good for anything  its incenting different ways to smoke weed.
 i fucking hate getting smoke in my eyes
 if white people are good for anything  its inventing different ways to smoke weed
 lol she smoking weed with chop sticks 
 .@rockfordfire is on scene at 2600 kilburn for a fire in a restaurant. first company on scene reports smoke showing.
 on the 28th im going to compare my potheadchallenge picture from last month to one imma take this month and see how much i smoked
 i havent smoked in a minute i rolled me one for some reason manman on my mind so hard
 someone sell me 2 grams. im tired of people claiming theyre drug dealers but never got no fuckin weed. like wtf weak ass
 almost two  months i havent bought weed . smoked a couple times here and there but im happy to say that i dont crave it nor really want 2
 they were smoking weed relax 
 getting tattooed tomorrow better smoke 10 blunts tonight
 hearing people talk about austin when theyve obviously been there one time is just as annoying as people who smoked once wear amp weed socks
 whencaliforniasecedes we will still be here helping you get your medical marijuana recommendation. malibu
 today i purchased a coffin and i aint even die yet smoked about a hundred blunts and i aint even high yet
 dirty south wings with jd barrel smoke. 
 ive been eating like 6x a day my medication gives me worse munchies than weed
 i had a missed call from minah  she probably wanted to smoke smh 
 reminds me of the time where i had to run in the 4x200 against kory sheets.  dude absolutely smoked me. my fat ass 
 i smoked so much this year  we couldnt even take a day off
 i hate people who smoke ciggs and are ignorant about it like i dont feel like smoking but thanks for blowing it all over me
 @psychojaureguii @brits @the1975 lol find me an artist who doesnt do drugs. get over it  its weed.
 still havent ate or smoked today hahahaha
 ive said it before  but the best thing ive done this year is weed out my social media. anyone who consistently caused my bp to is gone.
 havent smoked all day 
 i hate mfs that smoke cigarettes all day long bruh  like how 
 honestly not smoking weed is making me closer wit my mom everyday i just went to my room by myself and smoked and wanted to be left alone
 just got accused of being too young to smoke purchase cigarettes i think
 if your first cigarette wasnt a newport you arent a smoker
 ive never smoked 1 cigarette and never will.
 so proud of the talent in our kitchen featured here is smoked trout rillette parsley butter  
 ok im tired of smoking alone... wish i had people to smoke with.
 i havent smoked anything since i got off at 2... am i ill
 @chmpy bro you aint never really smoked til you smoked a jazz cuh
 @chmpy @lujxno ive never smoked a backwood.
 @blindtigerpubny i smoke to temp  not time so that depends on size the size of the brisket and temp i decide to smoke at.  so for a........
 ive converted to the little smoked like tf
 should we buy weed for our class presentation  actual quote from my group
 cigarette smokers be so disrespectful bruh
 i remember when no female smoked now they be rolling fatter blunts then some of you reggie smoking niggas  n i love it  convos be lit
 im tom kaiser  and i have smoked for 40 plus years. . . it is genetics that kill people. .not food  or other shit
 is it just me or is there certain types of weed tastessmells that give you paranoia cause it reminds you of weed you smoked so long ago 
 they did a tab of lsd  smoked a joint and ate too many shrooms then created that monstrosity smh 
 havent smoked  in 2 days  im feeling good
 i have sunshine on a cloudy day. when its cold outside  ive got the month of may  smokey 
 @kampeas gave pence yarmulke today and discussed white house weed out hate event... 3.45 minutes into clip 
 forgot how much i hate cigarette smoke in bars...
 do you ever just smoke by yourself and find yourself sitting in the same spot for over an hour wondering wtf youre doing..........
 this smoothie i made is too good. almond butter  cacao nibs  banana  vanilla pea protein  dates  hemp milk. vegan 
  i remember when i fought your friend a long time ago lol but you cute  smoke with me one day 
 i think 4th year is all about coming to terms with your own mortality and holy smokes i am so incredibly bad at this
 this idiot. first of all no one smokes mexico shit weed anymore  and 2nd no one is hiding weapons of any kind in it. 
 the perfect experience @kjwines. their summation pairs beautifully with our smoked sea salt varietal. sonomachat 
 i keep going to tweet who wants to smoke a blunt but then i remember a blunt gets me higher than half of a blunt and i hate people
 i just really want to smoke a cigarette in bed rn but i literally live in a basement 
 i bet you the first ever chief used to smoke 
 in 7th grade i got suspended for a whole month bc my ex brought me weed for my birthday  
 holy smokes  aviation american gin dolin genepy smoked grapefruit cordial sage lime smoked sea 
 where are all my weed bandanas wtf
 hi. i smoke cigarettes now. 
 iwasgoingtopost something eloquent and profound  but i smoked a bowl instead. 
 if i still smoked id smoke one right about now
 i feel like ive smoked a pack of cigarettes and ive never even smoked.
 got some og an hour ago and still havent smoked it yet
 if youve never seen weeds  i feel true sadness for you
 was sitting in the basement doing my work and the smell of weed slowly wafted in... fpu white boys prolly
 smoking weed is just me fighting with boredom  well started off like that lol.
 8th grade i got suspended for smoking weed in the lobby bathroom 
 lmfao morgan cant hadle weed 
 in 7th grade i thought i was cool with my hookah so i would smoke it out of my clarinet n around school until i had 
 senior year mrs c called the office on emily like 15 times saying she smoked weed 
 i havent smoked in almost 2 weeks and its making me an asshole 
 i smoked amp been in a coma since like 3 
 @sporttaikjoe marijuana takes yet another life smh just tragic
 i love watching videos on how medical marijuana is helping people suffering like open your minds judgmental people theres a bigger purpose
 i havent smoked in like 3 months or something
 i smoked my first cigarette at 10
 i would have loved to smoke a bowl with my momma got drunk with her when i was 17 but no smoking 
 i want to chain smoke for the first time since october so  feeling good 
 havent smoked out my window since 8th grade lmao
 its time we stop locking up people for possession of marijuana  
 nice deep smoke.  drinking an ola dubh 16 year special reserve by @harviestounbrew @ casa de broz    photo
 i havent smoked in almost 5 months sometimes i be needed to
 i aint been the same since shrooms at day n night. i aint smoked in 5 days  i feel you  
 torchys x weed 
 since when has it been bad to smoke vapes especially ones with no nicotine. they are harmless.
 if u get yo weed from mocity.. fresno etc miss me w that match shit.. ion smoke reggie 
 havent smoked in 2 days
 @allsten lmao update me on your smoking cause ive been slumped alllll day after we smoked earlier  havent smoked since 
 see its been three days since a bitch smoked now i cant even fall sleep
 tell me why my room smells like weed if i havent smoked since last year 
 i shouldnt be allowed to smoke  ive had the same bowl packed for about 15 minutes
 @blenzzzzz i hate when people smoke anoints too
 how is smokin weed iconic  indie  cool and impressive... and fandom is one of the things i hate the most
 @profjbones weed smoking skunk punks
 what if humans didnt need sleep what if people only drank tea what the world legalized weed what could life be what if it was you and me.
 what if humans didnt need sleep what if people only drank tea what if the world legalized weed what could life be what if it was you and me.
 i a smoke you like a hooka stick 
 crack is probably easier to come by than weed these days smh
 heres a tip never sit on 2 milk crates stacked on top of each other while you smoke.
 @fishmanlevine jerry brown is the absent governor likely smoking wacky weed.
 jelani just blew all of the weed out the bowl... i hate him
 in 8th grade i got iss for 2 weeks bc i got caught with weed and also got on probation for 2 months 
 why aint i smoked yet
 ive smoked 8 too many blunts today.
 when ppl get jobs in the weed industry amp think theyre cool as shit 
 my god ive never smoked so many cigarettes in my life
 2k is the most garbage game in existence  madden is for people who smoke fake  and fifa just really wants you to lose
 1 month  1 week since ive smoked weed 
 isnt it headass that my migraines started literally once i stopped smoking weed
 its been a coo min since ive smoked 
 im glad im one of the few people to smoke with my parent
 seeing all the tweets about weed got me like 
 damn i should be charging an entry fee to my place with all the people who come over just to smoke
 i havent smoked in too long i wanna b highhhh
 dawg i just wanna smoke some pot so fucking bad rn. 
 i havent smoked in forever  but the drug test i had to take today still scaring me lol
 this is how i feel about people talkin about theyre addicted to weed ahaha marijuana is not a drug boo this man 
 @iesofab yeah i peeped that  how he casually smokes his cigarette in the house says a lot
 been home an hour and havent smoked yet lmao
 since i smoked the cohiba  im evil
 shorty smoking weed like a cigar.. lord why 
 my weed good  my woman bad and my hustle speaking for itself so im far from complaining on dis side
 are you the wood  the smoke  or the flame will it matter when all thats left is ash 
 @verge they should release it on 420  give people a free lighter for their weed
 @ottawacitizen wow being a kid these days is tough  we smoked week and thought we were cool. parents must be vigilant.
 i hate the smell of weed
 i think i was accidentally in bed by 11 last night remind me to never smoke at pres again.
 smoking on this loud  while you smoke hookah
 freshman year i got suspended because i sold a bunch of catnip to 8th graders  telling them it was weed. i made 300 
 chris brown smokes so many cigarettes 
 im so satisfied with myself  i quit smoking cigarettes 3 months ago and that temptation to smoke is gone.
 life insurance. if youre sick  overweight  smoke etc you pay more because youre more likely to die. same with health insurance. 4
 my dad probably hates when im home bc im always asking to smoke 
 i will never forget seeing this dude comment under a chick picture saying  damn ma you thicker than train smoke
 extra seedy bread flax seed and grains half an avocado and applewood smoked bacon.  throw a 
 this guy was caught with two lbs of cocaine and 20 lbs of marijuana and someone in facebook said free bro.  20 pounds
 fall down my rabbit hole come imbibe  smoke a bowl sharingiscaring 
 im fucking weak  she smoked that nigga boots 
 @lexandterry you didnt ask angie what kind of cigarettes she smokes
 i.been smoking weed for 13 years now time flies yo
 dr. pollock i hope you guys dont smoke cigarettes.... other things  okay  but not cigarettes 
 to you this may just be a weed  to me its the reminder to count my blessings. im sitting 
  its been day 2 amp i havent smoked but this wrap amp weed thats in my pocket tempting me
 what level of meth did a negro smoke to come up with this garbage 
 today a good day to smoke some woods in the woods
 @cuseaholic @seankeeleyisme last year it was smoke from cooneys neeports  idk about this year
 i dont know who named the cucumber tree but they were probably smoking some funny weed
 @cuseaholic @seankeeleyisme last year it was smoke from cooneys newports  idk about this year
 my momma cursing me out because my cousin told her i smoked
 @catmancatman864 i was a half to wholepackaday smoker for 10 years and i quit during one of the worst periods of my life  first try
 apparently getting rid of the weeds outside my apt @ 630am is the thing to do and theyre still being loud 
 a few people ive been meaning to smoke with in ny just havent got the chance
 in hs i used to hate when i would smoke before school and all day people askin are you high knowing that i smoke.  yes bih i am  byeeee
 havent smoked in 24 days i am so proud of myself 
 literally 0 people have died from a marijuana overdose yet its looked at as being worse than tobacco
 i was freaking out earlier abt my drug screen took a detox 45 mins ago havent smoked in a week so i pray that im good im confident i am
 niggas smoke weed out of a refurbished dildo smh 
 ive smoked everyday for 8yrs but if you cant eat wo smoking first u really need to get ur priorities straight..
 wishing i could shower and smoke a blunt at the same time
 what a fucking dumbass who just brings a bad of weed to school  que pendejo smh
 i havent smoked in years and for the first time since then i have the urge to get lit lol
 my picnic with myself is getting ruined by cig smoke
 @peacexnappiness nah this white dude looked like he smoked cracc or meth
 in the cannabis lab secret workshop getting the long overdue website finished. thanks for the help lime design. 
 oatmeal with peanut butter  flax seed  hemp seeds  honey  coconut and raisins is too bomb
 ever since ive decided to stay clean everyone suddenly wants to smoke me out 
 ill never understand people who smoke cigarettes like wyd
 two days off  lets link up and smoke a few 
 i honestly love that most people who knew my from high school etc see me as a pothead who only cares and thinks about weed
 where tf the weed at in miami 
 @babyimalyssa i just wanted to smoke smh 
 needa smoke a bowl to relax after seeing that scamp lineup
 i enjoy the people who stink up the classroom like weed so much wow
 despite all of the reefer intake im really good at remembering things 
 i havent smoked hookah in 4 days  this is a record
 its such a nice day out. dont ruin it with your cigarette smoke
 legal or not its still getting smoked  
 i have no appetite  unless ive smoked 
 actually  crew still working on roof  smoke still coming out 
 i wonder how much of my dog amp cats hair that ive accidentally smoked over the years...
 smelled like pure weed.. like tf why didnt yall invite me i do your laundry half the time
 took a walk to madison square park on my lunch today and i think i got stuck behind every person in this city that smokes cigarettes
 1st truly sunny day in i dont know how long. so here is what im doing  i hate weeding flower beds 
 ive smoked like 9 times amp thats it 
 why is there two pounds of weed in my car lmao i gtg
 @longlegliteskn lol im being nosey you live on the west im sure the weed is amazing
 wow highlight of my day  someone walking past me and blowing their cig smoke in my face   like why
 when i was in hs people always smoked in the restrooms  
 so i havent smoked in a few days bc im trying to save money but now i cant eat 
 @barstoolbigcat wow todays smoke followed by two of the biggest names in sports this year. 
 justin ranting about freshman bunch of lifeless students who smoke pot and a pack of cigarettes and think i cant smell it.
 what happens when you stop being funny years ago but stick around making a living as a walking  weedsmoking joke. 
 i shouldve smoked before this presentation 
 are you jokingstill getting smoked 
 @richotoole man sitting on my back deck sipping a cold beer and listening to marijuana and jalapeos...life is good
 ive been at wdw for 3 days this week. my sister and i fake smoked a cig to honor my grandma who loved disney amp cigs 
 got bud but no one to smoke it with
 nonsmokers who continue to call weed smokers addicts  are the equivalent to those annoying ass vegans
 professor yeah we are gonna end class soon  its really nice and ive smoked like 50 cigs today class uncomfortable laughter
 the weed from the dispensary is so much better than anything ive purchased on the street
 i havent smoked a blunt in weeeeeeks
 honestly knowing of all the issues facing minority groups in the u.s makes me want to smoke a whole pack of cigarettes. thursdaythought
 percent chance that many of those pushing for action against states w legal weed havent smoked weed recreationally zero
 im always getting people sending me snaps of their weed  them smoking  edibles  etc. the stoner community is unmatched 
 i havent smoked today reason 1 why im in my feelings
 fine. ill just continue to smoke my pot illegally like a true merican 
 i hate coming down from a high  thats why i either smoke at night or i just gotta keep smoking throughout the day
 taking your dog on a walk in the middle of the day is really great  its like a modern day smoke break
 @mullymt @tomperez well  fine. were getting lost in the weeds here. you like her  i like him. how about them primary rigging tho  
 if u smoke a cigarette right before a class in a small stuffy room i hate u
 school choice is smoke amp mirrors for more govt control amp  data collection of all forms of education and children. 
 @summerspep @trapthegod weed is my painkiller. unless i need opioids for stuff like wisdom teeth removal.
 today i bad tripped bc of the weed and no one like took care of me they all laughed at me
 making a living in the legal marijuana market is hard. making a living as a drug dealer is easy.
 i havent smoked in almost 6 months im proud of myself
 havent smoked all day 
 devvin ass got me  over with these 2 woods we all just smoked 
 russia hacked our election  and blackmailed our exec. branch  but nah  lets go after people who smoke weed. 
 ma law legalized marijuana to regulate it like alcoholic beverages.  i wonder if federal prohibition could be chall 
 @michhhellee not to be that person but i stopped smoking weed bc my anxiety would get really bad  have you gave thought to that
 i have yet to find a fayetteville plug.. their weed is so  to me
 im watching a guy eat a slice a pizza and smoke a cigarette at the same time.
 skipped school  accidentally smoked in my house  tripped over a dog and slept for 8 hours. happy thursday.
 always doing hair and yoga while smoking ganja speaking spiritually 
 have you ever got smoked in your dream and woke up swinging hate it when that happens
 i just realized i met my current roommate outside of a hostel in amsterdam in the middle of the night a year and a half ago and we smoked
 @dwebb18 @iamdom4 to be real ive never smoked drugs in my life devilslettuce
 tag a broke friend who smokes blunts like this  . click the link in bio for new podcast 
 4 years lots of  saved. and my lungs. 2 packs a day. 13 years. tried my first ecig 4 years ago. never smoked ano 
 @dreb9 idk  but i know cigarettes do. undeniable fact. havent ever seen anything on marijuana  yet one is legal  one is scheduleone.
 @seanspicer smoked the press again today like a fine cigar. it was delicious to hear on my way home from a hard days work. nice pick @potus
 freshman year i smoked regular swishers thinking i was getting high but there was no weed just tobacco  
 yall smoke laced reggie one time and become woke im sicc
 nice man at the bus stop offered me a puff on his marijuana cigarette
 ive never been to vegas and the cannabis cup is there in two weeks. 
 i hate this administration so much they tried to link opioid use with marijuana that is extremely false 
 proud to be @bshurleys first follower. now to get him to smoke his first cigar...
 i dont know why my weed tolerance took a nose dive but im not complaining. smoking one bowl instead of three is tight
 now in stock @hopbutcher latest hoppy offerings canned just hours ago blazed orange ne pale ale amp smoke filled ro 
 in 11th grade i got suspended for having a gram of weed but they didnt find the half ounce in my backpack 
 literally my manager yelled at me to smoke a cigarette... wont argue with you there
 we need a little weed to get through the next 4 years. 
 clear headed but still under smoke 
 @angelarye sessions love affair with marijuana  supposedly hates but probably secretly desires 
 had dinner downtown @qdoba on 4th street. ive smelled less marijuana at a @phish concert.
 how tf you smoke a bar 
 a bowl of unflavored oatmeal that is paranoid about cannabis  
 they all white.... my mom wouldve slapped me if she found out that i smoked weed 
 3rd course. smoked libertyduck with pinot poached foie gras  riz rouge  marcona almonds and 
 i smoked so much i was like bathing in weed ok brittany same
 all the people who smoke but went for trump about to regret their decision lmao 
 havent smoked since i left atl so thats gone be my new thing only smoke in atlanta.
 i need to smoke  today was just  honestly
 dawg i just bought my first two grams of weed since saturday hellyeah im excited lmao
 smoke shrimp bisque. mardigras2017 tastingmenu foodporn @ the smoke daddy 
 so removing human rights is fine  private prisons are fine  attacking the judicial branch is fine  but marijuana is not fine wtf america
 theyre only going after recreational marijuana to fill their for profit prisons. is that how those false flag things work
 all the time  and i smoke in the living room. my moms white tho. my daddy wouldnt have let that shit fly. 
 @chani028 nope. ive never had a bad trip. ive gotten some bad weed before but thats about it. ha plus i smoke a lot haha lol
 me wow my hair is getting kind of damage  also me continues to straighten hair as i see the smoke rise from where its burning
 me wow my hair is getting kind of damaged  also me continues to straighten hair as i see the smoke rise from where its burning
 i honestly hate the painkillers that im on. i feel sick as hell once i wake up so if we can get medicinal marijuana here that would crazy
 i honestly hate the painkillers that im on. i feel sick as hell once i wake up so if we can get medicinal marijuana here that would be crazy
 you know youre at rbd when you almost die of smoke inhalation as you walk in
 hush puppies mardigras2017 tastingmenu foodporn @ the smoke daddy 
 sophomore year i got suspended for smelling like weed  
 ive never bought weed in my life 
 i love my dawg @imafather1st but if i see this nigga on my tl smoking one more time when he aint never smoked wit 
 thanks laci weedenlisa norrisbecky carpenterterry nobleampdiane clapes for speaking at tonights senior parents m 
 @bradkaplanatl @staplehouseatl another friend is eating there right now  they have a special staplehousewicked weed collab bottle  814.
 its so sad people still smoke cigarettes
 in middle school everyone would smoke weed on the back of the buss and no one ever got caught 
 havent smoked a liga in a loooong time synthsandpads hippopotamuslens @ sudden valley  
 people think i actually smoke 
 @ccjonesj @batmaaaannnn smoke called it at martinsville all those years ago 
 im tired of hearing weed is bad from people who never smoked it. most of the time their either cigarette smokers or pill poppers
 crawfish foodporn tastingmenu mardigras2017 @ the smoke daddy 
 freshman year got suspended for a week for coming into school smelling like weed  told them it was my mom.. didnt 
 i know i just got like 8 teeth tooken out of my mouth but ive never wanted to smoke so bad  fml
 pelicans are getting smoked
 hate bonfires because the fire always pops on me and the smoke never fails to find me
 need a smoke  ive been tripping 
 creepy steve wants marijuana dealers charged as terrorist not understanding difference between two makes him unfit for office amp dangerous
 muffuletta mardigras2017 tastingmenu foodporn @ the smoke daddy 
 when you have no friends to smoke with ltltltltltltlt
 2 whole days w.o weed bra
 i find it crazy that i can say ive never smoked 
 @tabikast @bpsnightmare sell your body on the street  cant smoke crack etc etc.
 @riverstone248 only weed and water  one whole month
 i havent smoked since yesterday. probably the longest ive gone without smoking since i started doing it regularly.
 @saladinahmed add the amount of people whove suffered a dreaded cannabis overdose.
 my parents brag about how good their weed is but if they smoked my shit theyd fucking die
 lmfao. it took 2 guys to find the weed in the bush 
 jambalaya foodporn tastingmenu mardigras2017 @ the smoke daddy 
 i havent smoked in like 4 days and im about to go nuts
 ive been a stoner for a while now amp ive neverrrr smoked a back wood
 almost everyone ive ever asked if they smoke weed say either yes or i wish i could.
 they grew it and they sold it.  they were dealers.  and hemp is of course a major cash crop. 
 how do people smoke cigarette after cigarette so sickening omg
 the damn grits is smoking weed lmfao
 girls dat smoke cigarettes and stinky people 
 classic beignets mardigras2017 tastingmenu foodporn @ the smoke daddy 
 im sure ive smoked like 21666 
 tbt to thanksgiving when i was blessing the people with my smoked brisket. its been way too 
 on the same day as cracking down on marijuana...coincidence i think not.  
 footage of burning oil wells and plumes of black smoke most compelling thing ive seen all year
 lmao  hillary still wouldve lost if i hadnt voted third party. and id still smoke anyway  
 becca watson smokes pot  @mickeyaela
 senior year i got suspended for having weed in my backpack stanking up the whole school 
 i smoke so many personals lol
 honestly cannot wait to live with a person who i know for a fact doesnt smoke weed  have had to many bad experiences 
 havent smoked all dayhavent eaten all day 
 seriously ive never even smoked and find this ridiculous. focus your time and effort on something that actually 
 havent smoked for almost 2 months now haha sweet
 had to send that to smokey lmfao
 i feel so relaxed . i let something go   i smoked amp i chilled with him.
 andrew was talking about huf socks amp how they have little marijuanas on them. andrew probably thinks the leaf is what you smoke.
 should i smoke a blunt but this is high only temporary should i blast myself 
 how many blunts you smoke a day 
 hoping this new tape is more than just a weed play  
 ive smoked 7 blunts in the last two days lmao wtf
 the gop wants to eliminate the epa so corporations can fill us with lead  other poisons  make weed illegal hows that for choice
 hell yeah i smoked like three woods
 true life everyone here smokes cigarettes and i hate them.
 local marijuana businesses are keeping a close watch after the white house press secretary sean spicer suggested 
 i love weed and orange juice.
 how many bowls were smoked during this study 
 hands down dopest dope ive ever smoked
 ive never smoked so many cigs in my life
 i always smoke a cig like a blunt or wood after i really need to stop doing that
 who tf smokes white owls 
 my roommate gave us a blunt so i accidentally smoked it all and now im high as shit. help
 idk what it is but i usually smoke all the time but ive been so sick and tired and just in a cycle i havent even rolled up in a cool min
 day two no weed. kill me already
 everyone smokes in fl tf 
 i havent smoked in 3 weeks im so sad about that 
 i fucking fell asleep at 9 again after i smoked another fucking joint and now im up and i just showered and i feel like i can do so much
 my homies just straight burned a dollar n smoked a 20. wtf
 i never thought id quit smoking weed. yet here i am...
 transgender protections arent  amp have never been  abt bathrooms. that is an idiotic smokescreen to divert attention from discrimination
 off today.  ima smoke up a whole 8th in a day.
 this dyke smoked me out once  her strap was sitting on the dresser staring at me. thats sexual harassment right
 s1061 new relative to edible marijuana products 
 i hate smoking weed i keep eating this is why i prefer snow white
 havent smoked w bloody in forever.  ltn
 h1052 new increasing certain civil penalties for unlawful possession of marijuana 
 the genius  our 10 year old resident video editor and shred master getting into the weeds 
 the amount of people to die from a marijuana overdose is equal to the amount of people killed by refugees in america.
 838 am and im surrounded my people staring at me as i sit in my car and sing along to smoke two joints... move along people 
 @rachelekellogg zero consistency from 45 admin states rights cool for discriminating   but not okay for marijuana 
 ive smoked so many spliffs in the last month thats all i ever wanna smoke.. good thing i know how to roll em
 andouille after the smoker. @ magnolias kitchen personal chef and 
 people disregarding job opportunities for another bowl pack of weed.   sad
 requirements for being a maintenance man in athens  1. know how to use duct tape  2. smoke meth
 @seanspicer have you ever smoked a joint you idiot comparing weed to opioids is the single dumbest thing you have ever uttered. get a clue
 businesses react to white house hinting at marijuana crackdown  
 who tf is weed whacking in downtown miami at 10am
 smoke good weed. damn.
 @niilojames as long as i can smoke in it were good
 college and high school arent that different they both consistently smell like weed
 wow they are coming for your weed all while handing out guns to the mentally ill  magapriorities
 soul tape  top down  weed smoke in the wind and nutcrackers kind of day...but let me drink this coffee first
 just woke up from a dream that i was still at pacifica  smoked a joint with my brother  then slapped a fat bald dude
 why do people still smoke gross yousmell
 portman @robportman weeds out dems from attending his speech still no town halls.   
 i will never ever boot up weed have me high enough
 return of the weed dealer lmao
 i understand i smell like weed but since im clearly not high and im wearing my med badge you should probably not speak.
 i cant wrap my head around why people still smoke knowing what it does to them and the smell of it. 
 i quit smoking 16 years ago  but days like today my brain goes right to oh  good smoke break weather
 im not a smoker but ive smoked three cigarettes since yoga this morning. my nerves are shot.
 parents who smoke around babies and children should be arrested.  disgusting 
 i got no titties  no ass  im shaped like a half smoke.
 benedict habaneros  quinoa cakes and smoked salmon  nycbrunch nycdining nycfood 
 i havent smoked a blunt in a week and 3 days this is a recorddd
 i need a marijuana expert to answer a question for me.
 whoever hates marijuana simply hasnt tried it facts
 never heard someone say they hate weed  issa first
 oh no... hes coming after your marijuana... shocked im not... so are you regretting your vote yet   
 havent smoked weed in almost a year i wonder what a lot of my beats wouldve been if i still did though. .
 its a nice sunny day to relax in the sun next to the patio fence. moncherie springsummer hemp 
 another glorious friday in aggieland. todays pitmasters choice smoked turkey legs with a drizzle of momma mays 
 my sister took a dna test to find out where were from and holy smokes im so white wow
 nah u dead after smoking all that weed and wax 
 this one don drink weed  listen to the mowing 
 the whole marijuana movement is about to be a thing of the past with this admin.
 seriously cigarettes are gross. took for granted that the friend i was with went outside to smoke
 the united flight attendants have all been smokeshows today
 amp i dont even smoke hookah. but the vibes that hookahs develop are the kind of vibes i can beget drunk around.
 such a nice mild smoke on this 71 degree friday in newyork happyfriday nowsmoking 
 all my weed men died on me today thats the only explanation
 @wesleylhandy thats not even a question my friend. i use to try and weed them out a long time ago  but reporting them  but its too much.
 im trippen im smelling doobies in my house i havent smoked today
 @johnstossel people that use weed cannot get a job because theyre under the influence  people that are caught under the influence get fired
 by keeping marijuana illegal do you knowcare how many people youre hurting youre stopping them from getting treatment they need @potus
 preach. ive known people who have died from heroin and literally nobody has ever died from smoking too much weed. 
 one time in middle school i smoked a pack of camels in my french teachers porta classroom and got suspended. 
 is it disrespectful to smoke while your parents are visiting your house.
 im having a really hard time understanding why recreational marijuana is somehow a more pressing concern than human rights
 @elindio47 also how many years have you been smoking what situation makes you most likely to smoke thank you
 why i smoke wax over bud is a stupy question
 i gotta stop trying to race people in my moms corolla i get smoked all the time 
 since we are in the worst heroin epidemic since the 60s  lets go after pot smokers glad i have hip waders for the rising tide of bullshit.
 when its february 23rd and i still didnt get my hemper box from this month 
 ayee  they weed themselves out nowdays 
 i been to myself this whole week. let me smoke my weed in peace
 ever since spicey decided to run his mouth about marijuana weve been inundated by our friends with texts about the issue
 in 8th grade i got two days of oss and two days of iss bc i smoked an ecig in the hallway 
 first day i havent smoked in a while.
 need a friend i can text all day about everything and whos up late to answer my weird questions after i smoke 
 oh no theyre gonna make weed illegal still how am i going to continue to buy my weed illegally
 i hate when people shit on other people for smoking weed
 i smoke pot i like it a lot noonecaresrik
 key ingredients smoke amp damn fine beer. 
 just getting off smoked a blunt before i left
 i aint smoked reggie in a long time. @boosieofficial
 when its friday amp 80 out... thecrownedheads @dogfishbeer  @smokersabbey @ smokers abbey 
 if i was a smoker  now would probably be the time id need a cig.
 i leave the dentist and the first thing i do is smoke a cigarette 
 smoking weed with your parents for the first time 
 geedy weedys 
 why just because i can  over 2 weeks smoke free... god i want a cigarette smokefree quitsmoking 
 okay i understand this now  it was no fire  just the light hitting the smoke in a certain color. wow. 
 i hate a bitch that smoke squares
 coalroasted beets baby benne vinaigrette meyer lemon smoked yogurt .. weekendeats 
 today makes 2 weeks i havent smoked and ive never needed a blunt so bad lmao
 what did michelle do stopped kids from fucking eating what they wanted to at school.  sasha or malia smoked pot and tweeter.
 i think jalen and i are gonna smoke a whole zip in one day in denver lmao. we smoked a zip in 3 days in san francisco 
 seeing people smoke when theyre pregnant makes me so mad
 i never truly realized how much cannabis helps with my anxiety. i havent been smoking for the last few days and im so anxious that i
 got halfs and smoke hmu
 by this time tomorrow i should be in a different state on some good cannabis
 im so happy weed is legal here  been smoking since i got off the plane 
 love the british heart foundation @thebhf bc they say chocolates not good for you despite the data. theyre like cardiac doctors who smoke.
 havent smoked in sooooooooo long  forgot what it feels like to be high 
 my anxiety requires me to smoke crack 
 me after smoking weed 
 lt proud occasional hookah smoker
 absolutely. so lets make marijuana illegal again so we can fill those fucking prisons  again 
 @brittmthiessen all great sources hemp seeds are incredible. we love using peanut butter in our smoothies  especially 
 do you thunk grams would mind if i smoke a cig inside but i open the window first
 @honeysiota @realdonaldtrump @jeffsessions i have not smoked since 1984 last year of high school
 this nigga blake really smoking weed in my designer headband i aint even worn yet smh
 getfreshfriday x smokehousetavernlowell x returning 31017 @ smokehouse tavern 
 seems like alot of smoke around the ku bball players.. whoops cant say that  never any issues at ku ....
 i havent touched marijuana or cocaine in like two years really no drugs at all i did meth two days ago  a real quote from this show
 people start selling weed and think theyre a gangster lmao
 i havent even smoked a cigarette today thats how poopy i feel. 
 crews on scene at 60 steelwell rd. for smoke in the building pb 
 drinking a tropical blonde by @dogfishbeer @ sublime smoke  
 found and smoked my last half of a cigarette say a prayer its the last one for me tay 
 never smoked no weed 
 damn i really aint smoke since this morning 
 i smoke 45 blacks a day now wtf
 wow. one of the best beerfood pairings ive tried.  drinking a mole smoke at @surlybrewing  
 i just tripin on my weed withfaith so unconstitutional omg my heritage caught up seein for the first time my life
 why do i know so many ppl that claim theyre addicted to cigs yet they only smoke when theyre n public like stfu its not cool either way
 i hate people that smokesell... because they ruin every function by sitting in their room
 people talk then get smoked lmfaooo
 when you have to smoke 4 grams of weed  wax and budder in less than 10 hours before departure 
 people who smoke blue dream probably like pepsi and use androids 
 havent smoked all day amp now i got the biggest headache everrrr 
 hate when the smoke get it my eye
 finds fake flowers kara theyre weeds me they are not weeds theyre daisies kara theyre pretty weeds. 
 yeaa i might fvk around and smoke 3 zips a day let the lord bless . but this my choice .
 keyona hates when i smoke blacks but she smokin one right now 
 these hemp wraps 
 @southbeachsheed glad he didnt. idk if that wouldve been good. smoke break is way better
 i smoked one blunt amp had one edible.. been high since 1.
 .@toddcarey is following me  but who he is he is following 973 000 people. after he weeds out  lets see if he stays with me look him up
 okay but can we smoke first
 anyone got weed or mixers for me to drink
 damn  i havent smoked in a while
 there is nothing more seattle than weed granola bites
 @livingharvest my wife and i drink an entire tempt hempmilk each day and have thrown away 2 this month for being unconstituted  thanks.
 nothing better than hibernating in a basement with weed and netflix
 smoking rich ganja from orange hill waiting for my rastafarian vegan dinner  im drinking pure mango juice the othe 
 my doctor this morning asked me if i smoked and i accidentally said smoke what 
 my snapchat is full of people smoking weed
 i only smoke cigarettes on fridays.
 @jonahnro weed may seem trivial until you fully comprehend that we are actually throwing people into prison for it.
 too bad ion got one yet.. a lover that is ima still smoke this l
 just saw someone comment i started smoking weed because of you on a famous persons live dead ass sis
  an evening of fine cannabis amp classical piano presented by live at hifi farms. dope sweettunes coolpeople
 fitting spotted on marijuana while pregnant with her child what birth defects will it have will planned parenthoo 
 been getting smoked out all week lol
 for one i have a whole federal government job amp two stink would knock my damn head off he hates when i smoke
 when the smoke clear who still gone be around 
 wanted to smoke today
 for every brick i sell i can smoke half a pound  for every tape you sell  im gettin rollies busted down tank2k 
 one of my fave weedtubers started following me on insta yesterday out of a 100 or so ppl and today she liked my selfie so were friends
 woods smoke
 man   i think i smoked 17 blunts today... 
 ive never smoked a cigarette but tonight i really felt like i needed one. its been a long day.
 i still remember the first time i smoked weed lol the summer before 10th grade and niggaz from sports camp had me smoking a bong lol
 been getting my lil cute ass smoked out all day 
 juss told my mom tha first time i ever smoked she said wtf 
 i need either 1 of these 2 things daily weed or dick and since im not getting dick i have to settle for the weed
 currently smoking the best weed ive ever smoked
 its a nice sunny day to relax in the sun next to the patio fence. moncherie springsummer hemp 
 i just smoked two 
 i really be tweaking sober imagine if i smoked lmao
 i will drink smoke weed do lsd shrooms but you will never see me with a cigarette haha.
 ive never smoked a cig ive only ever blasted cigs  @andyonhere
 okay can we really just get over the next 4 years and smoke our weed 
 ive never seen jessy shove weed up her vagina so fast lmao 
 are we still smoking did i already smoke 
 i havent smoked all day i guess i could roll one up 
 why is there so much hate in the world  people need to relax and smoke weed 
 hate when i smoke people out nd they drink my shit then the next day they be doing the same shit but no invite fakefriends
 its bad ive noticed if i dont smoke at least once a day i get the worst headaches ever
 college is not for everyone  im just glad god blessed me with another day.  enjoying my friends company  and smoked the best bud.
 finally got to smoke after like a month 
 i accidentally put my roommates weed in the fridge
 shitty people hate on tucson so often that and im thinking its natural selection but for cities and the bad ones weed themselves out.
 you know you high when you try to smoke another blunt but you didnt light it up yet 
 lmfao....i hope shes joking...just my dude but he got smoked
 smh smoke and blunt and fucking crash smh 
 havent smoked in so long   my lungs are weak af
 okay so i just asked 2 different people to buy weed. lets see which one comes through.
 i havent smoked a cigarette in years but today im stressing.
 @imjennalouise @vanyeezyy lmfao his weed
 im high as shit and i havent smoked one ounce lmao
 @eliseger23  hey  is it okay if i smoke a bowl of meth in here
 i need more people to facetime me while i smoke since i have no friends to smoke with 
 used lyft for the first time in two years tonight. car smelled less like weed and pizza than i remember.
 i only smoke cigarettes when ive had too mich to drink lther than that i hate them lol.
 could smoke this hookah all day 
 aint smoked since 1130 what am i doing
 walked up in her house  smoked out of her bong while she was sleeping for like an hour and a half lmao 
 i suggest trying this  @boltmutt. ori is fucking awesome with weed.
 in 6th grade i got suspended for smoking weed on the bus 
 @foxandfriends @ffweekend im guessing @huntsmanabby is to young to know you were able to smoke on planes 25 years ago 
 first time i smoked weed i told everyone i encountered that i was high for like six hours
 ive been keeping track of how many cigarettes my grandma smokes into we get to our destination. she just finish cigarette 2 in 1hr. 
 relationships they never last everything is temporary except for the past just smoke weed let up and try to relax
 odor only  no smoke or flames.
 why do people smoke cigarettes still. its gross and unhealthy
 i be like damn i smoked all that weed 
 incident crews responding to a reported warehouse fire at approx 798 w 1700 s. smoke and fire visible. pio en route.
 relax and smoke a blunt  
 on a random note fuck all the kids i went to high school with that bashed me for smoking weed. calling yourself stoners
 me  exactly five minutes after smoking a cigarette i could really go for a smoke right now
 where there are wisps of smoke there is more than likely a fire... 
 @xhnews wow. it smokes a pipe they write cool.
 @kuzasix my dude  people used to smoke cigarettes in the bathroom when i was a yoot.
 sophomore year  i got suspended for five days for having literal crumbs of marijuana in my bookbag 
 lights camera chop. and dont forget the smoke. bts for the chop instrumental album. yall 
 real live smoked twice yesterday and almost died .
 we only have almond and hemp milk
 woke up late but ima still smoke this morning wood
 91 people per day die from opiod abuse  1 person every 52min is in an alcoholrelated car accident amp 0 have died from weed in human history
 one year ago today i took this photo while we watched our store amp home fill with smoke from a 
 like nigga when tf you start smoking cigarettes smoking weed i get but cigarettes  get it together
 i will cut you off so quick. ive had so many shitty people in my life over the years  im quick to weed the bad ones out.
 i drank a little drank and smoked a little smoke  and it was everything i wanted it to be and 
 amp dont talk shit about someone who loves weed but you never smoked a blunt a day in your life or you never copped bud a day in ur life.
 nice day to smoke blunts 
 i smoke two joints before i smoke two joints  and then i smoke two more.
 motherfucker got a text money now they do not smoke reggie yall be back smoking reggie in april
 handcuffs are cool cause you can still smoke cigarettes if your arms arent behind your back
 do people really get excited when they smoke with their parents my mom was the one who lit me up for my first time smokin
 @thomburger you have probably smoked one too many
 some people only smoke weed because other people do it 
 pretty day for a weeding for our couple elizabeth and brandt getting married today in texas. we 
 yet  they want to start a war on marijuana. as far as know its yet to claim a life. whatarewedoinhere 
 any bitch that smokes cigarettes its automatically trifling
 i left a half smoked backwood in the lyft. damn.
 im paranoid too many wanna be prophets of yeshurun too many people want to arrest me for marijuana too many wanna steal from i  james
 asiatic vegan cheez gritz w umami pepper. ponzu yam. hempseed pecan black mushroom patty w 
 finally after 4 years of struggling with bipolar disorder today is the first day ive felt normal thank god for medicinal marijuana
 nah it stopped while i still smoked you guys are stupid
 its a nice sunny day to relax in the sun next to the patio fence. moncherie springsummer hemp 
 my ber driver smoked weed with amish people in his day. what a guy
 @babyynaatt  and now im gonna spend another 3 years having people buy me smokes
 t god that the marijuanas is vegan
 i took the plunge yall....had to try one of my own dinosaur smoked turkey 
 i havent smoked weed in 4 days 
 still havent gotten my smokes 
 i never smoked a cigarette that shit not for me 
 @negativexcreepx most people would tbh. if i smoked like i used to i probably would lmao
 this chilled smoked salmon from the mediterranean booth is great but the stand out item on this is the mustard. so 
 cherry wood smoked chicken wings  amp kielbasa  just getting started  bbqdetroit detroit 
 @rcaster @tcopps will tell you im someone he uses as a reference from fsu since ive never personally partook in the demon weed
 when the waiter asked how much you smoked before this  bc from what youre ordering it sounds like a pound oops
 @kanau yeah edibles have never been my thing regardless  its part of the reason i havent smoked in about half a week and counting
 @meubanks12 no lol i smoke rellos and use bongs but just from what ive seen edibles take to long to get you high
 skin that smoke wagon
 i saw carti x warhol.ss x lilpump x smokepurpp x xavier wulf x and a guest appearance by uno and still had the worst day ever last night
 7th grade i got suspended for making weed cupcakes and selling them at school 
 i hate when people dont smoke woods 
 drinking a dragons milk reserve smoked cherry by @newhollandbrew @ new holland  the knickerbocker  
 i love when people smoke right next to my car when i have my windows down 
 the same people that bitch about  are the first people to buy a bunch of weed and go on vacations. 
 ive smoked so much weed  i forgot its illegal.
 why is everyone autistic and smokes cigs takes a long drag
 i love that ralph i smoke it by the lauren
 i feel like i just smoked two pounds of crack and lived to tell about it
 people are shocked i smoke and dance wtf is so shocking about that 
 damn how many blunts he smoke before he got on this set  them low eyes 
 what kind of weed were they smoking  
 ive been tryna smoke since the second i woke up 
 duke about to get smoked
 ruggiano smoked a two run double sfgiants
 my friend hooked me up with a sick pen so heres to weed  a lot of weed  
 wtf  people would rather buy weed than keep gas in your car smh 
 ive smoked rly good wax in my life and taken rly big dabs and wax doesnt get me high it just makes me cough
 heb old people yelling  harry potter nerds coming through my line  finding out what cigarettes jhs teachers smoke  ur avas sister right
 if ive ever smoked you out  be real af and smoke me out
 33rd apartment inspection in a year...trying to figure out wtf theyre looking for no one checks smoke detectors this much
 hate seeing girls smoke like they scared to inhale the smoke   be blowing out all the pressure
 this kind of shit is so upsetting  smh so much weed just flushed how dumb 
 im getting so irritated and annoyed because i havent smoked today
 is there anything worse than people who smoke cigarettes at the bull
 ew i really jus smoked a blunt for the first time in like 2 months lol
 one day this guy will fly to paris to get smoked 
 my family has seen much pain amp suffering from illnesses. of course my father amp uncles disapproved of weed. yet  the 
 i should not be sore after weed eating and mowing...lol
 accidents at work  when you were a cheerleader 30 years ago and now sell weed 
 girls who smoke cigarettes. 
 @viondaaaa just like their fav like she just popped up today with that song like a damn weed in the garden smh
 all the cigarettes that i have never smoked and all the letters that i have never sent
 ill buy my own weed thanks  you can still touch my booty tho 
 butternut squash pizza with smoked onion  kale  vegan almond ricotta and dried cranberries. 
 @evanmcmullin what a disgusting little weed you are. and a racist. youre over. go home amp lick your wounds  you gnat brain sissy.
 i smoked weed for the first time in like two years yesterday and it reminded me again that weed is garbage.
 bill walton rubbing weed on his face while commenting a ku basketball game is the best case for quitting pot ive ever seen. kubball espn
 i have yet to buy a pack of cigarettes which  contains the elusive extra smoke that so many people ask for.
 unlimited weed for a year lol 
 sparked his cigarette and smoked breathing fire  spitting fumes on every word he choked 
 watching girls  smoking weed i left here two years ago  and drinking garage fridge white wine at my ex boyfriends house
 @brittsyyy i have a friend that smoked bud while she was pregnant . . smh. not okay
 just facetime my best friends first thing they asked   you tried the weed yet 
 today i smoked pot on the sidewalk in the middle of the parade because its mardi gras in st. louis  we can do whatever we want
 why does my dog love eating weed stems nigga ate my fucking weed a couple months ago  thats why
 7 months ago i was a chain smoker  heavy drinker  and 20 pounds overweight. ive come so far. 
 @kristinea she also said the cigarette smoke in the airplane was sometimes overwhelming.
 i have no one to smoke with... bc my gf hates me
 i have no one to smoke with bc my gf hates me.
 i think its been a year since i smoked out of a bong
 the wood smoke better
 i smoke a lot of wax
 i smoke two joints before i smoke two joints then i smoke two more
 if its not the weed its the drank smh
 the garden plays smoke on the water and white people are jumping up and down.
 it makes me so sad that chance smokes cigarettes. he still fine asf tho
 at the casino w mom walking around in the cigarette smoke. ive honestly never sneezed this much in my entire life. lord help me.
 my mom say she so sick that she cant grease my scalp but can smoke a cigarette foh 
 good grief its been so long since i did some weed whacking i forgot i grew hair in some spots. 
 cant smoke weed guess ima have to be an alcoholic 
 lmfao u real life retarded if you think edibles will hit you as fast as it would if you smoked. 
 lol miller smoked his timeouts with 6 minutes left
  damn all you do is smoke weed 
 since we started manchester by the sea we ate dinner  sam napped  we got weed delivery  jeremy amp lauren came over amp left  amp its still on..
 i texted all my weed people and im still sober help sos
 @usaredorchestra and now recreational pot smokers. he must like thinking everyone is afraid of him and his little fascist sissy boy club.
 i hate seeing people who cant smoke .. like uh ..aye bruh   wyd 
 ziplock been making a fortune off weed heads since 1980
 bro strippers and weed dealers get the same amount of ones
 i am sick of btowns half ass weed dealers.
 juicy j x smoked out dabbed out 
 i havent smoked in so long 
 @symalosi right like the fuck no one has ever died from weed but pill all the time bake her a nice and potent brownie
 lol ok now time to smoke a blunt since i waited all day for nothing
 only niggaz with no job still smoke reggie in 2017
 @robfromohio smoked some meatloaf  and its time to eat 
 how i smoke a o in a day 
 i havent smoked a cigarette in a whole 12 hours and im miserable tbh
 i havent smoked all day amp im taking the biggest sigh cause im about to smoke lmao.
 didnt smoke at all yesterday ... wow
 i just went on a 15 minute tangent about how i dont smoke marijuana
 @clydefrog @h0llypocket why dont you live here  theres dead people here and really good weed
 i smoked hookah today for the first time since high school lmao
 so that was actually crack you smoked instead of pot 
 ive been sick all week and the little amount i was around cigarette smoke today has made it 10x worse
 will never  ever get over how bad cigarette smoke is on people gross
 havent smoked a stog all day  need to stretch this for the rest of my life
 ive been sick for almost a month straight and all i wanna do is be able to talk without sounding like ive smoked since infancy
 still up  still smoken
 i havent even smoked today. who am i
 damn i hate being sober im a smoker
 why do people get hotels to smoke and drink in with a bunch of people then get put out
 think im acting like this cus i havent smoked all day
 yellow crooked teeth  cigarette smoker 
 i love smoking weed i hate advice
 i hate smoking weed because then i just want to keep on smoking 
 when kehlanis dancer remembers you amp bae from front row at the concert at a late night dinner amp her dj ask you for a cig but yall dont smoke
 i got really lit and only smoked one stoge be proud of me
 @markeeceybr told me so. by the way i was married to susan cobb ethridge who drank and smoked herself  like kahlil gibran  after the seiu
 all ive ever done is kiss a girl and smoke weed
 lmao i ate 2 weed cookies earlier and didnt feel a thing both times
 there were clouds of smoke  garbage and the homeless families on the streets  and people making a living off of food vendor carts
 i havent smoked weed in 5 days sleep is impossible
 bruh i havent smoked weed in 2 months
  tells me im one month smokefree today smokefreelife nonsmoker 
 remy smoked nicki boots 
 smokin weed hes never wanna leave the house  gotta empty cushion on my sofa now.. haha 
 my morning starting off bad i went to primo and it was closed i dont go no weed smh
 hmb and psj are the kind of people who think that smoking weed is a personality trait
 i support most vegetarianfriendly nutritional enhancers chia  hemp  even the dreaded nut yeast  but imma say it flax meal is nasty.
 i dont remember the last time i drank or smoked and im perfectly fine with that
 people that can smoke in their house are beyond lucky.
 its 641 and this dude is smoking weed next to me at portos haha
 niggas never really wanted no smoke
 my accidentally texted my boyfriends roommates mom and asked if she wanted to smoked a blunt
 breakfast part 1. the most delicious @siggisdairy seasonal flavor  almonds  granola  hemp 
 i havent smoked weed in a week  that doesnt seem like a lot but for me thats the longest since october 2015 
 @weednewsat420 thanks for the follow. i havent smoked weed in more than 40 years. nothing happened when i did. i only got really hungry.
 if i smoke half a pack of cigarettes and take my driving test ill be fine s
 who is trying to link up and smoke for my birthday
 if u have to get fronted a half of pound you dont need to sell weed
 havent smoked in three days. proud of myself 
 we in the hotel getting kicked out soon but not before we smoke a half in half of these rooms  @iamhustlegod
 been a minute since i smoked a cone.. 
 @monoxide420life @dizzlette thats like my city. rather fuck with the parents that smoke cannabis  but not to deal with the alcoholic parents
 how do you get caught with 4 and a half zips of weed smfh.
 havent smoked a cigarette in almost a week i feel great
 wow this masterpiece came out a year ago today. i was in denver drinking weed root beer when i heard it. 
 wow this masterpiece came out a year ago today. i was in denver drinking weed root beer when i heard it. 
 @cynnnical smoked out shawty mustve been smoked tf out
 do you think people smoke coke 
 over a dozen sky cranes can be seen along i 25 in denver. love it or hate it cannabis plays a part in adding 1.3 billion to the economy.
 @shkenbakebrinks have you watched weeds
 i havent smoked weed in 3 months
 i wish i could smoke with one certain person but i gotta wait years 
 i wish my momma smoked 
 i smoke wit bri this morning she didnt realize i was leaving today she say i rolled a skimp bro 
 bro i havent smoked in a week amp 2 days  
 if you have never smoked kush before  i will not smoke wit you
 okay i smoked a half ounce in three days i need to slow down
 show me weed thats worth a million dollars  steven a smith 
 i havent smoked since last thursday thats 4 days wow 
 life is too short. eat dessert first. smokin mountain donut with white chocolate glaze  smoked 
 christians....telling this guy he isnt welcome because he smoked cigarettes wtf 
 junior year i got suspended for pushing a bitch against a locker then she went and snitched that i was selling weed. 
 last night smoke sesh w @tattoolovesla x @cecethemamacita x smokedeville x @all4eva. at 
 @madisonreneee15 ok then the person who smoked it has my roach sitting in front of them  im like y u smoke my blunt and they denied it 
 we need more nonsmoking music venues. i despise waking up feeling sick because i spent a couple hours bathed in cigarette smoke. stinkstoo
 420deals today at inyo fine cannabis buy 4 williesreserveofficial prerolls powered by 
 why tf you got 126 grams of weed in the car with you smh..
 why should our tax dollars be pissed away on illegal activities like sanctuary cities and marijuana  
 i breathe you in with smoke in the backyard lights we used to laugh until we choked into the wasted nights
 tf  you gone be like smokey in the chicken coupe 
 when i was nine years old i asked a kid why he spits so much  he said its because he smokes too much  he was literally only nine years old
 im in the middle of transitioning from smoking weed to vaping dabs and i gotta say i get higher from dabs but theyre not as fun as weed
 . shit not even cool wtf smh put him with the boys and hell get smoked 
 ive been blessed with weed  mimosas  and fries this morning. like gahhh damn my life is great
 it suprises me when someone says they first smoked pot when they got to college... i didnt even have my liscense yet
 boy we smoked a half a zip didnt we  @ambitontowin
 sessions just stated that people who smoke marijuana are not good people.  just sayin 
 damn ravens safety pulled over with 128 grams of weed its a wrap
 new song out now...  dj smokey x loud lord x soudiere  understanding kushcadets check it out right now  link 
 listen to logic amp smoke wax all day kind of day. 
 wow apparently cant buy smokes because license has age on it . ok that makes sense yep
 toddy w hemp milk amp baked cheese amp brenna ftw 
 if i could smoke weed at my job it would go by so much smoother
 if you drink bud light lime and smoke 305s  this is probably your car. 
 @djsmokey666 new song out now with loud lord and soudiere check it out rite now dj smokey x loud lord x soudiere  understanding rt above
 after watching livepd since i started  my biggest question is why do some many people smoke weed in their car
 the only reason i havent got out the bed yet is because i need food and a place to smoke. once those are accomplished straight homework
 @djsmokey666 rt my tweet above new song out now with loud lord x soudiere check it out rn dj smokey x loud lord x soudiere  understanding
 update i still havent gotten any weed.
 im having kind of an overwhelming anxiety day and aaron surprised me with a new shirt and weed.
 matt elam got arrested for having a little over a quarter pound a weed. thats not an enormous amount of weed  but thats still a bunch of 
 but you smoke meth  
 was busy today a batch of smoked boneless pork chops. smokedpork dinner 
 people died for this country so you could drink n smoke all day. live it up
 theres plenty of other plant based milks you can try cashew  coconut  hemp  soy  etc. try them amp maybe youll fi 
 imagine getting smoked by a little private school in football all the time. weird 
 relax weed
 @gregkhach i have to ask  since youre armenian. do you smoke hookah  @elpinkz
 @cadencapone black and white people smoke weed at the same rate but black people arrested several times as much for it
 republicans hate spending money on frivolous things yet they want to fill our jails with petty marijuana usersdealers  costing more money.
 i will literally never understand why people smoke around their children.
 .@realmuckmaker this admin. is a never ceasing fountain of evil fill up private prisons with marijuana offenders sick maybe some cancer pat.
 i can never smoke dust again and never need to after being flown by angels yet here we are
 i dont smoke reggie
 the weedens x baby asher  
 the smell of cigarette smoke actually repulses me.
 because no one i know has any morals . and ive smoked up all my capillaries . so my fingers and 
 @djsmokey666 rt my tweet above new song out now with loud lord x soudiere check it out rn dj smokey x loud lord x soudiere  understanding
 its been over 2 years since i smoked weed until last night  i was thinking how do i not have a girlfriend yet 
 no lol . i didnt like smoking by myself . i always smoked with someone  
 vw passat getting llumar atc installed and dark smoke taillights. glasstigertinting 
 i fucking hate smoking alone. it takes me like half hour to just smoke one bowl
 anyone trying to get some wax or bud before i smoke it all
 i love cali... no weed license needed  
 i go to parties to smoke cigarettes with maybe two or three people. everyone else is for the atmosphere
 caught my boss smoking weed...... lmfaooo
 28 grams per dispensary. if i got to 4 a day.... so much weed.
 wow that was so nice as soon as i opened my window it started to rain amp now i have pretty rain to listen to while i smoke 
 if i had all the weed ive ever dropped  id be snoop
 im honestly two seconds away from buying a pack of smokes
 got closer  but still not seeing he flames. definitely lots of smoke in the area. wmc5 
 glad to have caught this still on.  drinking a smoked chocolate cherry stout at @lionbridgebrew   photo
 how i not wanna smoke a cig all day idk but i hope these non cravings continue.
 surprisingly like it a bit more sans cherry.  drinking a smoked chocolate stout at @lionbridgebrew   photo
 my mom hates that i smoke but i really dgaf
 @djsmokey666 new musik out now dj smokey x loud lord x soudiere  understanding kushcadets check it out right now link above
 new song out now dj smokey x loud lord x soudiere  understanding @loudlord @youngpirelli kushcadets link 
 congrats to smoke for hitting their second zero what an amazing first nca smokerisestothetop 
 ive literally only smoked weed and drank alcohol lmao 
 smoke different weed 
 really arent they pushing 50 and still smoking weed.....  
 getting my smoke on 
 hate getting smoke in my eyes when im smoking a blunt dang it
 damn like weed be cool but  booty be way better
 @djsmokey666 new music out now dj smokey x loud lord x soudiere  understanding kushcadets check it out right now link above
 tell myself know more smoking  next week i smoke again
 i havent smoked the whole weekend  im trying to keep it that way
 @djsmokey666 rt my tweet above new song out now kushcadets dj smokey x loud lord x soudiere  understanding 
 the only thing in this fridge is weed butter and jello
 its 2017  how do i still smoke cigarettes
 i hate being around people that smoke cigarettes
 how come when i was smoking people would never ask me to smoke me out  now that i cant smoke i get asked everyday  lol
 i havent smoked in a week   i got too much energy.
 if i smoked a blunt would be in rotation right damn now
 wow ok so no one has weed 
 i spent 3 hours trying to find a beanie in my apartment and then literally chain smoked out my window while playing krimewatchs demo 8times
 i thought by paying a lot for a gym  it would weed out the riff raff  i was wrong  but i walk around naked  so no one wins lifetimefitness
 i havent smoke by myself since october 
 i honestly smoke to much 
 2017 im exclusively getting weed from white people
 have you ever smoked a fig newton
 have you ever smoked a fig newton
 my cough is so bad it sounds like ive smoked a pack of cigs a day for 60 years straight
 people who smoke cigarettes are so nasty.
 a lot of ppl who go to prison arent bad people.. they go cus they cant pay their car insurance   smoke week   try to get food for the kid..
 since im stuck in miami who the fuck has weed out here
 just rolled up a blunt bouta get lit   idk why this feel special i just smoked like 30 minutes ago
 anyone who says chill smokes cigarettes or pot uhm okay 
 since i stopped smoking weed i feel better
 i ate three weed brownies today and passed out for five hours 
 @cnnbrk people need to smoke more weed this world never happen if the driver was smoking weed
 ur on a whole new level of wack if you smoke hookah
 havent seen my biological father in years and i finally saw him and smoked weed with him lolol @ my life
 havent smoked weed in two whole days. proud now ill reward myself by smoking this fat blunt nelson and i about to roll up 
 wish i still smoked..... but nah
 people that say milk is not natural  its not for humans  its unhealthy and they smoke cigarettes and drink mountain dew 
 @peachpreciosa i love all the alternative milks especially hemp milk  especially in my coffee
 this food i got rn would be 20x better if i was high.. too bad i dont smoke no more
 why didnt i get my weed license a long time ago  so many hookups at dispensaries for being a first time patient
 god forgive me for sayin this  but i wish i still smoked cause this food would be 20x better than it already is rn lmfao
 im scared of not passing this drug test for work and i havent smoked in 6 months... but ive been around people smoking
 god forgive me for sayin this  but i wish i still smoked cause this food would be 20x better than it already is rn
 started to lose my voice this morning and it probably wouldve improved if i ever stopped talking...but now i sound like i smoke 3 packsday
 ive waited 2 hours to smoke with this nigga like im socking him as soon as he gets in the car  tf 
 who tryna link and smoke some dope
 @rabbijilljacobs to weed out hate and sow seeds of love
 i feel like im already high and i havent even smoked yet
 never smoked 
 im never dating my weed man again  i broke up with him so now ive been weedless
 i hate being around smoke now
 when i turn 21 your one of the first people i want to smoke wit @silencedhippie  
 damn autocorrect @aderrick  i give sprint the business at least 2x a week theyre within 1 of smoke signal comm 
 for the first time in almost a year i feel the need to smoke  fucktoday sotired
 freshmen year i got suspended my second day for cutting last period when people legit smoke weed in those halls and 
 i hate weed. i hate how many people are here because of it and yes  i think getting high is stupid. get butt hurt over it  i beg of you.
 first day was pretty good considering my coworker smoked me out 
 3 people can smoke out of it lmao 
 i remember in health class two years ago  coach collins you know why weed is bad . . . because its illegal   yeah  no  collins smh
 what kind of weed are you smoking 
 i think we have bigger problems than weed  people. 
 people who smoke in drive thru windows are horrible people.
 so to @anthonyb97 for comin through lastnight amp schoolin me on how much a gram shld really cost w my non smoker ass who dnt knw shii lol
 honestly i get why people smoke weed but how do people wear weed shirts seriously
 i smoked to much weed today im still high 
 holy smokes. moonlight took it. good lord what was that lots of great movies this year but that was nuts.
 where do weed dealers reside these days i need some kush smh
 shoutout to whoever i delivered to smoked me out with a wood 
 i wonder how many blunts obama smoked since he been out of office
 people that smoke burnt hookah... i feel bad for you 
 all dominicans just lie amp cheat amp smoke hookah
 i have smoked coke out of foil numerous times and pcp i will never do two dabs back to back ever again in my life
 most definitely. never have i smokers cigarette before anyways 
 today marks a month since ive smoked weed. proud
 today marks a month since ive smoked weed. sad
 i smoke two joint before i smoke two joints and then i smoke two more.
 just smoked w my tat man..na bouta get tatted 
 i smoke two joints before i smoke two joints then i smoke two more 
 scratch that. i just wana smoke. 
 no weed for a month here we go 
 i really need to buy me a raw roller set. i hate rolling weed around these hours 
 i stopped smoking when i had to go home in highschool because i thought the weed made me invisible 
 lol. not a smoker but i posted this on fb 5 years ago  still think its funny. 
 walked around smelling weed all day what a day
 bro i havent smoked in almost 3 months ampamp i just hit the blunt  just one hit... now i feel so bad bc i missed it 
 havent smoked in so long 
 loud smoke up in the air  im half the time high
 and hold onto smoke...and then we..woke up...were released...and it was like 1208...and its been tripping me out all day because..
 i honestly never imagined myself not smoking weed. but here i am  clean as a mf. 
 so into the movie we forgot to smoke the wax pen lmao
 i havent smoked all weekend cause ive been sick. im ready to just be high everyday again damn it lol
 um lol a month ago i think i dont really smoke so idk 
 arrows coexecutive producer has the greatest name ever thanks mr. and mrs. weed in your fine choice. 
 so glad that i didnt have access to any marijuana omg i would have been so hit 
 i havent smoked all day today ..
  im so irritated bruh only if i smoked... a jay wouldve been real nice rn 
 idk how many blunts i smoked with jordan ass yesterday morning but im just now waking up and coming down off my damn high 
 5 a day for 3 weeks if i dont smoke 
 besides  how can i focus on whether a bunch of movies ive never seen deserve an award when mondays lurking in the weeds like it is
 long smokey mornings with my cousin catch up on the past 5 years
 my parents find out ive been smoking amp suddenly im not the kid they raised or im a different person all because blow smoke out my mouth
 @erinehyde200 we all have choice as parents  and i prefer my kids do neither of the 2  but accurate weed is gateway drug. no thanks.
 why do people smoke around their children
 i could never fuck with a girl that smoke cigarettes 
 @rbldiar wtf did we smoke i dont remember that scene homie 
 i just asked a question and sounded like a 36 year old man who smokes two packs a day at 6 in the morning lmao
 ever smoke with people and that one person in the crew says they going blind buggin out  lmfao. i always wondered how high do i gotta be 
 why would anyone have weed in their car at school...smh
 white people were okay with jeff sessions as ageven with his history of racismup until the point when he came after their legal weed.
 one year of not smoking weed. one year of my life being crap
 cigar smoke  troy ave | king sevin
 dark buttermilk ganache bonbon. greek yogurt caramel ganache bonbon. mesquite smoke pear ganache 
 lmao ive smoked with the whole anne arundel county i swear
 i really wish i didnt have the two epiphanies i had this week on wax weed
 cigarette smoke. 
 smoking marijuana and then hittin the pen gtgtgtgt  the best high ever
 is my alaskan student here i dont see her. shes probably from los anchorage okay weeden
 i smoked a cigarette today instead of taking a poop i didnt need to take and i super regret it. cigarettes are gross. ghost poops ftw.
 saw my professor at starbucks and smoked a cigarette with him before his class 
 your contract is worth over six and a half million dollars and your trying to flip oxy amp weed 
 started my day early this morning went to the dollar store amp got laundry out of the way now to smoke this doobie amp read for history class 
 your contract is worth over six and a half million dollars and your trying to flip oxy amp weed 
 like im not gonna smoke cigarettes to look cool lmfao thats the lamest thing ever
 girls who smoke weed arent human theyre a whole other species
 i hate weed lol
 i should of smoked smh
 todays selfcare  roasted almonds tossed in butter  salt  cayenne  smoked paprika
 must be okay with smoking weed in the apartment  2 cats  and hate trump
 people weed is bad   me have you tried it  people no   me 
 wings right off the smoker... fatdanssobro yum wings southbroadripple @ fat dans 
 two years ago  dc legalized marijuana use for adults 21 years of age and older. theblunttruth 
 i havent smoked in 5 days
 hell yeah for 833 in fines and a year probation for less than a gram of weed fuck new jersey trash ass state full of hill billys
  two years have passed since washington  dc legalized marijuana by @drugfreedc  
 @sweetmariac4s what is longest cigarette you have smoked
 hate when im in a class full of smokers. 
 @jadeliqueurs as seen in cannabis cocktails. 
 i aint smoked all day either
 do @thechainsmokers  even chain smoke
 i love weekends bc i can actually have people come over and smoke instead of smoking by myself
 a watched pothead never smokes.
 i bet jesus smoked cigarettes back in the day. he comes off as a bad ass
 shouldve decided to smoke a different day  im sleepy asf 
 @mmpadellan since the level of hypocrisy is off the charts i think sessions smoked a dooby before testifying.
 cigarette smoke is the worst 
 new plumes of smoke from the pbgbrushfire in @cityofpbg @pbgardensfire crews on scene.  
 western nebraska is in a literal dust storm today. no really  ive hit two tumble weeds in town today.
 i didnt smoke in your damn house  having a bag of weed isnt a crime jfc im so over this
 so a snails b2b 12th b2b griz and a blunts amp blondes b2b boogie t b2b ganja white night happened
 black children wouldve never been able to explain what weed they were referring to 
 the smell of smoke is never a good thing on a day like today... prayers to all of the volunteers fighting fires.
 its been a month and 4 days since ive smoked  ... amp i went cold turkey 
 @biancajijika you dont smoke hookah 
 my dad was like if you want to smoke weed  im fine w it honestly. bet 
 so ive got a marathon in just over a month and all ive done to prepare for it so far is drink heavily  smoke and basically just get fat
 @youngsimba24 wtf how would i smoke that
 today i purchased a coffin and i aint even die yet... smoked about a hundred blunts and i aint even high yet
 all these fumes and cigarette smoke is making this tumor in my head pound
 myoriginstory  wafted out of a plume of pot smoke 
 @yourtake she was seriously 61 at birth. im not sure how tall she is today but she is growing like a weed...or should i say a giraffe
 i havent smoked a cig in about a week amp smoked 1 every 2 weeks last month  which is good bc i was on a pack a day when living in chars.
 the weed was too loud for you  i hate my friends
 when your friends know you hate cigarettes and they smoke in front of you..... so rude gross 
 i havent smoked in 4 days. im so proud of myself 
 why would you feel proud for giving smokepurp head 
 wait .. women really think its okay to smoke weed while pregnant bc its not a drug... who tf educating yall
 the brushfire smoke is really getting bad  dark amp getting worst. @rmeaghan amp i havent seen it this bad before. 
 my dr told me that if i didnt smoke mj during my pregnancy my baby and i would have probably died. so thankful 
 why do people think its okay to smoke with the windows up in the car i can not breath send help. @jess
 im gonna smoke some more weed and think about how i can become a super famous artist in 2 years.
 until u see a woman dressed like mini mouse taking her head off to smoke a cig on the corner 
 @kimmay @mikeyfiveseven next time come in to smoke i wouldve been down to haha
 anyway link and smoke with me 
 toppings unsweetened coconut  blueberries  hemp granola  dark chocolates. 
 @sanchezlexx i fucking hated not smoking lol  i smoked a week early after because i didnt wanna wait another 2 weeks  bestrong lol
 @mnfarmersunion also supported @senatorlangmn bill today that provides noxious weed grants to swcds to fight palmer amaranth bill laid over
 i havent smoked since november amp was really out here bragging about it 
 always a good one from hempire 
 smoking weed hasnt been found to cause any birth defects. someone women are told to smoke weed during pregnancy to 
 i sound like an 80 year old man who smokes 100 packs of cigarettes per day
 ive smoked 4 bowls and ate an edible all by myself and i dont feel a damn thing. im pissed.
 @dianabarakattt cigarettes are better for you than weed
 i wanna be the first person to ever overdose on weed
 we met this dread head at the beach at fucking 10 in the morning amp i swear on life hes smoked about 37 blunts since then
 havent been this sick in a while  cant even smoke 
 emergency crews heading to wilson ks for evacuation. smoke is getting heavy in ellsworth. kswx
 im looking for the weed everywhere  come in the house the dog threw up green stuff..perfect right  he ate the weed 2 amp a half grams
 many people in fairfax and prince william co. reporting smokey smell and hazy skies likely from burn 
 i havent smoked in a day. im doing good  lmao
 the way wagner moura smokes joints in narcos irritates me so much
 @sarahkliff so looking forward to the next the weeds podcast
 when i quit smoking weed by choice for almost 2 months 
 ive only smoked 1 square today im proud of myself
 when is damaso getting smoked
 2017 and people still think smoking weed is bad 
 damn i wana smoke some motherfucking pasto
 why is everyones parents cool with or at least doesnt criminalize smoking weed acept mine
 sitting at the dinner table with my mom and sophie goes as a high schooler i have never smoked weed
 @tvee ive never seen your ratchet ass turn down weed  get well bro
 its days like this i wish i still smoked
 coach beat my personal best time mowing  edging and weedeating yard...then nails a breakfast venison sausage pizza 
 people that smoke cigarettes make me sick to my stomach. like you honestly make me wanna throw up  it is so disgusting
 who sale weed cake or brownies i need to relax
 ppl like this get to walk free  but others go to jail for years just for carrying weed... wtf 
 @haleydarling wolves did 2 years ago due to smoke in mexico but i dont think it has in mn. sucks 
 i blew 200 in like 2 weeks  on weed amp food damn
 @lithordsson hey stranger  well when i smoked i hardly ever got sick i actually didnt get sick for over a year now i quit and 3 times lol
 a half cold beer aint cold. berightback is still goin. a half smoked cigarettes still smoked  and a half broke hearts still broke
 girls hate hearing you smoke cigarettes like you asked them. mind your business
 if u think weed is bad or something u a child 
 one time i took my mom to a the 1975 concert 3 years ago she got high off second hand smoke and told me it was the best day of her life.
 so no one is down to smoke with me.... thats retarded
 woaaah i hate weed
 @johnfugelsang catfood is expensive now that theyre allowed to use horses. smoked paprika people  buy lots.
 it was really windy today and i couldnt light my smoke so i ducked behind an obese woman walking in front of me im so ashamed
 we have used 55 smoke pots for platoon live fires and this is the last one left. a new low 
 bro im so butt hurt today and i know its only bc i havent smoked weed today but im 20 and cant buy a backwood or papers 
 white people found a way to ruin weed smh incredible 
 how many guys can honestly say theyve never been drunk  smoked weed  and is still a virgin now a days 
 i hate weed
 imagine being a dealer and someone hits you up for 5 worth of weed
 and then fake ben carson will vanish in a puff of smoke  never to be seen again.
 havent smoked in almost a month 
 all i need is weed honestly
 2 men found with 41 pounds of marijuana on them  officials say  
 i bet the baby giraffe daddy has smoked a carton of camels.
 literally smoke covering weatherford from a fire 2 hours away
 who wants to swoop me or smoke some woods at my house 
 does not want to fuel the flames of his career. i smell smoke.
 some intelligent scientists probably smoke. so that must make thier cigarettes intelligent cigarettes  chill. 
 sometimes i feel like im the only kid in my generation that hasnt smoked or drank ever
 nas smoked the wrong end of a cigarette...
 i smoked weed for the first time in well over a year yesterday and now i cant stop. im like a fifteen year old giggling w the munchies
 i smoked a l amp started feeling the fluidity of my body. 
 bouta smoke this hookah and chill
 something to smoke to x chris savage
 you would have to smoke 1500 pounds of weed in 15 minutes to die from it fact
 aint smoked since like 2 sum
 i feel bad for people who smoke cigarettes
 im sorry but her ass wouldve been floating around in that damn toilet with that weed 
 seshing with someone with no weed etiquette is the most awkward thing
 if you hang out with 9 stupid people then youre probably the 10th.  unknown. be cautious of the influence and weeds around you.
 with how much weed ive smoked today  im probs suppose to be unconscious rn...bt aye  lets load another bowl. fuck it.
 ive drank  ive smoked  ive been arrested  ive made mistakes  but ill be damned if i kiss ass @ a school for a impression that idgaf bout
 havent smoked in almost a month and im doing great
 ive been 4 months clean off of weed 
 since i dont drink or smoke retail therapy within the next few weeks shall suffice... 
 i havent smoked in like 2 weeks
 @iamsambee and jo talking about still having server nightmares ... im in the weeds at least monthly and its 
 i smoked almost 30 yrs ago amp i never threw them out the window. its a sham people cant take care of our environme 
 why hasnt anyone arrested the people in government im pretty sure they break laws everyday yet there are people serving 20 years 4 weed
 1960s rock and roll 1970s weed 1980s dampd 1990s internet but also doom and mortal kombat 
 i used to be very cute amp now i look like i smoke meth
 adam silver kinda hinted that weed is not high on their priority when testing for drugs tho....
 ive been smoke free for 2 years  11 months  2 days  0 hours 
 i havent smoked all day 
 wow look at all the smoke finally making its way over from co 420 blazeit fgt 
 nafin better than getting smoked out 
 the people who u dont think smoke or anything are the ones low key getting stoned every damn day
 okay i dont smoke cigarettes
 but teia smoked all my cigarettes
 done smoking bc i stopped for a good min amp my skin was glowing  then smoked a total of 4 blunts this weekend amp i broke the fuck out
 i still remember butler getting smoked by cooks on the field
 i just smoked in my grandmas house lmao i really do hate myself
 looks foggy as ever but its actually the smoke from the wildfires.
 yo this is the month and year where barney stinson smokes his last cigarette
 never seen someone feen for weed till before
 i went to pizza hut one time. they served us a pizza with like half a blunt in that bitch  broken down and shit. i was pissed ion even smoke
 this damn dog ate my weed again 
 when people make the fact that they smoke weed their primary personality trait  like. become a multifaceted human plzzz
 i hate the weed they try and sell me out here
 lets just say i havent smoked in 1 full week
 shouldve smoked a j before i came home. i probably wouldve been sleep by now
 only smoked once today buts its all good bc ive been sleep for hours
 even tho i feel like im dying i still continue to smoke hookah   wow . i have a problem lol
 wearing only boxers putting my clothes out on the front porch since they were smoked from the bar ampthe paper guy rolls up. story of my life
 its been a while since i smoked 
 i havent smoked in so long smh
 definitely buying weed today its my day off and i havent been high in a min
 cause i wouldve been sleep if i smoked
 im so proud of myself to say i have never even tried a cigarette  ever. pero a little weed i have 
 if i knew jewish people smoked out of these i would not have quit. 
 i look like a kook always up at this time. its cuz i havent smoked.
 wowwwwwwwwwww my brother had weed in his room amp ive been wanting some for the past 7 hours .. smh
 all the time. cant have a woman smelling like smoke around me  even hookah smoke. 
 i aint drank or smoke since christmas eve this bouta be crazy
 people who smoke cigarettes piss me off so bad 
 all of this smoke is making my asthma 100x worse blest
 emails professors that i wont be attending class today due to me being sensitive to smoke 
  my mom took the right stuff  but she still smoked weed. i came out fine  idk what kind of shit these ppl smokin 
 parents have you ever smoked weed  me 
 groovetherapy | wed | free  dope dj. dope host. drink specials. smoke friendly patio. nola hip rnb soul event 
 i hate when ppl aint got weed
 i put in an application @ that walmart when they first openedampthey didnt hire me after3interviews cuz i mentioned that a friend smoked weed
 this smoke in town is bad today
 @killturnherkill hahaha one step at a time  theyre out there bro probably sharing an order of smoke shack fries right now
 to smoke weed too smh 
 you can take a half a xan  drink a glass of red wine  and smoke weed everyday of the entire pregnancy just dont ab 
 @hmfoun10151 because you already admitted you smoke to me like a week and a half ago
 wow i wish i was still stompin around to ganja white night on the beach cradling a bag of wine like a baby
 married to marijuana  addicted to cigarettes
 i feel sick cuz i havent smoked the marijuana today 
 @teeparker i never smoked a day im my life lmao
 close. but he smokes meth  not crack. 
 me yeah they deliver weed to your door  mike so its kind of like being a dealer but legally
 bb4j  smoke break  being handsome  being the most genuine person  household 
 @joelray2 i aint smoked in three years lol
 damn i almost just caught myself proritizing homework over weed. ha not today
 @jackyholyoake and yet  i havent seen you requesting that the legal age for cannabis and alcohol be changed to over 25
 help ive smoked too much and i cant get up
 bruh im high asf and just did a presentation on the legalization of marijuana 
 fight resistance 5 prevent weed escapes from going to seed.  use spot herbicide applications or hand removal  if necessary
 havent smoke in like 2 or 3 weeks and i honestly dont miss it 
 hello  mr. @realdonaldtrump make racism illegal altogether  sir amp work on decriminalization marijuana for people with chronic illness as me
 havent smoked weed since saturday. how do people live
 dad lectures me on how much weed i smoke like hes never admitted he was an alcoholic 
 young legend in the making  welovehiphop the worlds most smoked out podcast  hiphop101 
 if you havent tried the smokengrill yet  youre losing
 ive never seen this much smoke from a fire in my life
 havent smoked a cig all day  gunna see if i can just keep it going
 so many people at this firm smoke cigarettes 
 i really hate when smoke gets in my hair lmao 
 if you smoke hookah  kys 
 i hate how girls get mad because i smoked weed but they do it too
 you start eating healthy and the first cheat meal you have gone feel like you just smoked crack for the first time.
 im finally getting my weed from my caregiver and im so excited
 before this year is up  im going to be in a whole different space amp im looking forward to see whos left once the smoke clears
 lord im sitting in front my manager with weed socks on. 
 its 2017 are people still afraid of weed
 my kind bleeds a little blue around the collar  my kind knows how to roll a little smoke. my kind knows about a hard earned dollar
 i smoked all the weed and ate your share of the pizza whilewaitingforyourtextback 
 i hate not having weed
 man i hate cigarette smoke bruh 
 since when do you smoke  
 when my mama found out i smoked weed she started blaming everything on weed lol i can be like mama my tooth hurt..thats that damn weed 
 damn what kind of weed they smoking up there in boston 
 if you never seen weeds its so fucking good
 i hate everything and am so cranky where da weed at
 a guy did a presentation on legalizing marijuana in my business class amp his present time was 420
 i havent smoke in almost 10 days but i aint trippin
 a guy did a presentation on legalizing marijuana in my business class amp his present time was 420 
 apparently ive been smoking weed since 2nd grades guys ahaha who knew
 i hate when people turn smoking marijuana into a mission all i need is a dutch palma and a l
 the most blunts i ever smoked in the lounge.. over 7
 i stg people only hit me up when i say im not gonna smoke  lol
 people who smoke cigarettes constantly and flaunt it around to look cool are trash
 damn a lot has changed since 2014  i definitely dont smoke cigarettes anymore and forgot i ever 
 damn a lot has changed since 2014  i definitely dont smoke cigarettes anymore and forgot i ever 
 @stopbigmoney @seattletimesa major reason for keeping cannabis illegal. payoff for the prison lobby. thanks to slime in the white house.
 the people who claim that weed is worse than alcohol have clearly never seen an alcoholic. 
 i need like 10 pounds of weed.
 im thinking they ina car hotboxin i open the door buko cigarette smoke slapped my ass
 fire st skyline high school. crews on scene with light smoke in the attic space.  unknown source. fire doesnt appear to be extending.
 bruh i just seen smoke come out my mouth when i burped  but i smoked an hour and a half ago ... 
 @lilpaypal @freyjared @jgutie97 u smoke 1882s not woods
 @shawtyarabian you smoke cigarettes 
 ive smoked a primo blunt only once in my life and the shit was weird... never did it again
 but the logo is a weed plant   people going to think im a pot head 
 like a scene out of the 1930s dust bowl. not smoke  just a sand storm. @denverchannel 
 @garyvee seeing same smoke and fire clouds im seeing 
 i actually find people more attractive when i learn that they smoke. 
  not too many people can it was understandable after what we smoked lmaoooo 
 @xweedposts true but to have a great time. smoke primo dank
 the risk factors may not be what you think 25 of those with copd have never smoked. see if you are at risk. bett 
 havent smoked in a while. proud of me loosing my pack 
 havent smoked in a while. proud of me losing my pack. 
 @abigaelrosee me too  i am so confused as to were these people are getting this statistic lol they must not smoke weed
 one large study of 12 825 interviews done after delivery  did not find a statistical association between marijuana use and birth defects.
 havent sold weed to anyone in weeks  all my clients left amp this city is broke as fuck.
 making up for the hours i didnt smoke by smoking three cigarettes at once
 @samanthankane omg thank u  and just think about all the cigarettes i smoke
 uh oh. found this today at the research center. the first summer annual weed to emerge for us each year is giant ra 
 you know that ive got whiskey with white lies  and smoke in my lungs.
 these are the coolest stickers ever and theyre for weed 
 once you get past the smokescreen  theres milk  sweet milk. bits of charcoal a... hunter  photo
 also remember when people smoked in kroger  winndixie  etc.
 stg all i do is work amp smoke
 i think tv execs may be overestimating how funny people high on weed are to people who arent.  thought that was pretty well established.
 i feel like half of a person without weed
 yo wcw smoke 3 packs of 1882s a day 
 i hate when people say shit when they smell weed. like this aint new 
 the dopest dope ive ever smoked 
 actually until we hangout we should facetime smoke. one time i did that with maxx but he wanted to control what we 
 i hate cigarette smoke but i wouldnt let that stop me if i see potential in someone
 i was so high one night i was telling people i smoke atlantic ice swishers lmaoooo
 i havent smoked in a week  wowowow
 8 pm  still havent smoked 
 thick  malty chocolate nose  heck of a light body  smoked roasted finish... oatmeal stout  photo
 maybe cause i havent smoked in like a month but idk ive never been that high or scared to where i couldnt function it was so scary
 what kind of weed did this person smoke 
 i watched a documentary on marijuana. i think all documentaries should be watched this way. jk
 ive been wondering why every time i smoke my bud i get super fucking high. i just remembered that i mixed 3 different buds up lolol
 today in my drug class this kid asked the teacher if shes ever smoked a wood amp she was so confused. 
  wow lets go have coffee amp smoke a cig  and next week youll be enjoying wine amp cheese. such adults
 ive been high so long  i dont need to smoke to get lifted.
 6 more grams amp im sitting the weed down for a couple months
 ive cleaned worse .. so ima make sumn shake for her but im smoking weed in her crib for atleast a year no questio 
 happy that its illegal to abuse animals but how many people will really stop like weed is illegal but that doesnt stop anyone soooo
 just smoked a cig
 60 weed  40 shea butter 
 i never smoke weed anymore  havent drank in a little while  been a week without a cigarette. drug free...whats going on
 ive smoked too many cigarettes
 ive been trying to turn janelle into a stoner since in the womb  i leave the state for 1 month and all the sudden shes a weed expert
 was really impressed with myself for not smoking weed all day but then i was buggin so i ate 3 melatonin amp now im chiefin the wax pen.. xo
 i havent smoked a cigarette in two days be proud of me thanks bye
 this weed brownie been kicking my ass since like 5 today
 you ever see two people in love... and then suddenly smell cigarette smoke
 the chemistry of cannabis is complex. many studies have suggested that it is the presence of 
 @johnsheikhi imagin going to summerlake to smoke and seeing this at night 
 brought a half home and aint smoke once yet wholetime i didnt think this shit would even last the week lol
 candles burning  wax melts  and marijuana
 @champagneajay ive never smoked a day in my life
 can marijuana kill your dog not really. be more concerned about chocolate and xylitol. 
 we smoked like a half at work throughout the day
 . @ehedberg on the aforementioned scene ive seen less smoke in a car in a cheech amp chong movie.
 my ass took a major l today because i didnt double space my paper so imma smoke sum tbh
 no one ever believes me when i say i havent smoked in over 2 months
 dopest dope ive ever smoked 
 i never knew id smoke cigarettes  
 cold smoke.  roc rochester rochesterny mendon mendonponds mendonpondspark newyork ny 
 @tnking lol link and smoke this weekend
 @redactedtext she got into some weed once years ago  she passed out and threw up in the morning. itme
 people smoke for the wrong reasons smh
 gshit since we smoked that blizzy in the am lmao 
 sheets n funnel smoke  
 its 2017 states are legalizing marijuana  people of the same gender are getting married  people are changing their gender get with it 
 its so weird how i used to smoke  party amp drink sm amp now i can barely take shots  havent smoked in months amp go clubbingshows more
 youve drank amp smoked away all your brain cells me  shit probably
 this past week ive been smoking a 18th of oil a day. thank you god for marijuana
 gallo says his priorities are residency in oakland for cannabis applicants  and redistributing revenues to east and west oakland oakmtg
 i hate sneaking outside to smoke lmao im almost 20 years old. 
 most the prettiest girls now in days smoke week.
 this weed is top 3 strongest ive had since ive started smoking  not even being dramatic
 when i die  cremate me and just mix me into some weed brownies and feast on me thats all i want out of this ephemeral existence
 whats the ideal smoking situation how much weed how many people
 i smoked 3 woods in 3 hours amp was in the fattest kush coma 
 i never charge anyone to smoke with me lol
 first time ever eating a weed edible 
 first thing first who tryna smoke
 havent smoked weed in 4 days g. fuck is up
 have yall ever smoked weed from a hookah 
 have you all ever seen a smoking scene in a show or movie and actually smelt the smell of smoke cigarette it always happens to me
 been burnn these woods like train smoke 
 yo this is straight facts officially havent smoked a stoge in 2 weeks donewiththecancersticks
 holy smokes ive got the next two days off i shouldve booked a vacation or something
 i hate speaking with people who cant smoke
 im so proud of myself tonight.  a nigga went to a kickback and didnt drink or smoke and im still up studying 
 wow its like i aint get my drinks tonight or weed  just sober out here for the first night in a lil minute
 @shankyoasss i took really bad care of my skin until about a year ago when i noticed that and im also a smoker so basically im just fucked
  people to try this if you like to smoke cigarettes the form of vaping its so cool its about the size cell phone
 when i need weed the most smh
 @3van @liltunechi i havent smoked a hookah in 4months but for him id make the bombest double apple head
 dj convinced me to come back over bc he had grapes  popcorn and weed i get here none of the above are ready smh slackin
 i smell like all the weed ive never smoked
 @coasttocoastam my sister ate weeds  roots etc. no meat except for chicjens etc.
 going to smoke before i get a license today so ill look normal when i get pulled over
 end of the month  thats the worse of the month but the first of the month put the weed in the blunt
 big worm has seen better days since smokey went to rehab and stopped slanging for him.  
 people who smoke cigarettes are the most inconsiderate people in the fucking world.
 these girls will come into your apartment  ask to use your restroom and be there rolling several wraps of weed.  smh
 met up with a childhood friend whom i hadnt seen in 50 years a billionaire with a yacht private jet  etc  he smoked constantly. why
 but people still getting max jail time for some marijuana ....... 
 featuring usingers thincut bonein applewood smoked pork chop with two eggs and hashbrowns  so much flavor avail 
 i didnt smoke yesterday smh
 the whole 420 thing is a joke. go smoke up at your friends house  deep in a dark basement. dont pollute the rest 
 finally caught smokey ass 
 this kid sitting next to me smells like he just smoked 4 cigarettes and now i want to vomit
 @queenmonye who smokes around peoples parents tho he set himself up
 i can tell you one thing the mountains were smokey this week.
 thank god for another day and smoke one.
 you know that ive got whisky with white lines and smoke in my lungs
 @only1justiceee  weed ... and i havent smoked in my car since mmm monday 
 weve been asked to move back by crews as the sun comes up. smoke plumes are still popping up but flames are no lon 
 bout to smoke this whole fucking half by myself
 people really be not fuckin with me because they think ima bad person since i smoke a lil weed.... fuck you
 want to make these smoked cheddar kale empanadas  via @dairygood
 true story she used to think weed and marijuana were different things 
 @nfl still tripping over weed like you ever heard a mofo do some dumb shit while they high. they either eating or taking they ass to bed 
 never trust a dude who sells weed for a living
 erica smoking weed and still making as and bs  daddy
 @nick013 just smoked them by 20 4 days ago
 all this damn smoke is getting me sick 
 i took a 4 day backwood break. smoke one today and now i feel like im dying slowly smh
 i think kuli smoked weed in my damn columbia  now i smell like an asshole 
 in 2013 i watched a guy get kicked out of the navy for smoking weed
 im tryna smoke a 7th before my flight at 11 lol and its 8 and i already smoked 1 fat ass backwood
 holy smokes is this real  they cant be this idiotic can they dont answer 
 i havent smoked since last wednesday and my tolerance is gonna be fucked all over again lmao
 i seen a pregnant girl smoke through her pregnancy and her kid cant talk   maybe her kid just retarded dont blame the weed
 holy smoke just watched talkingsmack with @mikethemiz and @marysemizanin .... wow
 havent smoked any tree since my first week here and the way these folks be clicking off the medical has inspired me not to lol
 i can only smoke for like 2 more days lol
 i havent smoked a cigarette yet today
 ive smoked one black in 3 days and rn im ready to dome 3
 ok i been up 20 minutes and still aint smoked no weed tf is going on
 i havent smoked since 6 some yday and its getting to me.
 plumes of smoke are no longer visible at the fire on the corner of s. jackson and s. liberty st. in batavia 
 @wwdddtx just another day for norman lol coffee and a smoke always first 
 i will always love weed no matter what but good god ive felt 10 times better and more productive since ive cut back on smoking
 first day off after a hard week and last day off before sxsw kicks my ass. i just wana smoke pot and be lazy. why so many things to do
 havent drunk or smoke since feb.14th ... still keeping my promise 
 me amp brie really smoked ourselves out the day before i left. we didnt even wanna finish the blunts
 this guy just tried to trade me 2 and a half pounds of weed for my dirt bike 
 my mom hasnt smoked a cigarette in a whole month   godisgood
 i woke up today smoked a blunt got in my car listened to an old cd and realized i am in love with screamo again 
 damn my car still smells like marijuana. my mommas gonna kill me.
 you cant smoke on this aircraft. you havent been able to in 30 yrs. seriously  why do they still make me say thathonest flight attndt
 one of my friends smoked early in her pregnancy  her son was born a month early with fluid around his heart. hes 2 
 i didnt know people still smoked mid till i was in the 757.
 its that time of the month for bae and i havent smoked a cigarette in 3 days . where is weed 
 havent smoked in 4 days 
 biscuit with smoked salmon tartare at cider house. so far my favorite today. freshepcot disney
 yall smoking cbd wax out the smoke shops smh 
 havent smoked for months  i been doing good.
 they literally have a twitter page where they put all the people that smoke on campus on blast 
 just to be clear i dont smoke cigarettes. never have never will
 ive always had the most weed sensitive palate. i cant stand the taste in any form. it disgusts me
 i think its hilarious that people make weed to be such a big deal like no one can function on it and be successful.
 ion care about weed etiquette bc i have v bad weed etiquette
 lmfao im at the tattoo shop amp my artist just asked if i smoked amp we went amp smoked a blunt real quick  he had a whole client in the chair 
 i reeeeaaaaally wanna smoke hookah but mine is still broken from paradiso last year eyeroll hookah paradiso fml cravings
 three minutes in  the @slbenficaen game plan up in smoke 
 since i stopped smoking weed and drinking on the daily about a month ago  the nyquil i took for my cold had me like 
 if you look down on people for smoking weed you can probably just go fuck yourself
 tumble weed more like garbage cans justindianathings
 coming up on fox59 news at 4 the story of two brothers who allegedly smoked magic mushrooms and ran around an 
 almost everyone is talkin smack about weed in our luncheon and im just over here like 
 idk if you guys know this but i literally have smoked weed every day for the past 2 years today lol
 have never seen so much weed in my life. 
 for 3 seconds i wanted a cigarette. i aint smoked cigs in a year and a half. my day in a nutshell
 im pretty sure im uneasy bc i havent smoked all day
 aaand  last year i called in sick because i had stomach problems  it was on 420. i dont even smoke weed...wtf is going on here
 its still funneled crack  just not the kind you smoke. 
 my grandma is going in for surgery in a few weeks and wants a joint when its over since she has never smoked before this is going to be lit
 kind of glad i dont smoke weed cause i  would probably weigh like 30 more pounds cause of how hungry it makes me
 craziest game ive ever seen... holy smokes
 i havent smoked a cig in so long im so proud  thank god for weed 
 i smoke like 5 blunts a day since  october
 you need to stop smoking pot i didnt smoke today smoked an hour ago
 we are one of the worst states for education.. and you want to cut school reserves legalize weed and tax to help some funding in nm
 lmao whyd my dad send a link about weed to the family group message 
 im never gonna understand why people post videos of themselves  smoking weed or popping xans...like wyd
 i havent smoked weed all day so thats why im being petty it was a good run but tis over now
 same thing i was just saying  like i literally use to smoke a 8th a day  
 ill never have no mother fucking  indo to smoke 
 first smoke the padron hammer natural
 this @85southshow podcast is for people who get their pedicure with weed in the water where the white papers at 
 roc marciano no smoke sneak preview. one of the nicest in the 
 if i smoked cigarettes  and i had to give up something for lent  id quit twitter.
 6 people arrested  600 pounds of marijuana seized in southwestern ohio 
 i just dropped a chunk of costco smoked salmon and i havent been this sad since 2 minutes ago
 im competing in a cocktail competition for @olesmoky this coming monday at smoke justis in 
 would you like to win free smoked wings from amnesia for a year like our page and comment on or share this post fo 
 ive never not been able to find weed. why now 
 first thing first when i touch down in austin  find some weed
 rn im just a regular shmegular dude smoking weed and trying learn life day by day.
 been 3 months since i smoked.. i dont like being high anymore. its a different feeling now. . thats shits for the birds
 why do people think its okay to smoke weed in a nonsmoking hotel then they act surprised they got caught you stunk up the whole floor.
 good thing ive pretty much weeded out the unsuccessful people in my life. all my friends will be able to come up and visit me when i move.
 literally everyone at my work smokes. okay well not everyone but a vast majority of the people do.
 how @averagejalen75 s parents found out he smokes today  
 were the smokes drink some i hate being sober
 quit42417 since i smoked i prayed amp took 12 wks patch smoked smoked 3pkspday48yr quitting smoking is not easy   
 how do people just sit around and smoke all day  
 smoking weed...
 idk what i did for this good karma but the cannabis gods have been blessing me these past few days
 why do two margz get me buzzed oh right... i hate drinking amp really only like to smoke weed 
 i havent smoked in a long ass time and when i started to again...i had baby ass lungs again
 im only tweeting so much bc i havent smoked today
 get you a man who can smoke cigarettes 
 and dont smoke no damn weed on the way here. lmfao my mom is hip smh.
 i smoke two joints before i smoke two joints and then i smoke two more
 im dying for a cigarette. i havent smoked one all day
 havent smoked for like 5 days and ive never felt better 
 my mom thinks im on other drugs cuz i havent ate all day lol no i just havent smoked yet
 she said just bc you smoked a few joints your sophomore year... 
 whys my kitchen have a subtle weed smell right now 
 ive never smoked cigarettes and i never will pls dont make me watch the commercial where the girl peels her skin off to pay for them pls
 when nights try smoke my wax like back up shiiitttttt
 how you gon have like 5 different dealers and still cant find weed 
 stg gabriel take 3 fucking hours to smoke. like 
 i miss smoking weed .... gahhh
 the amount of guys ive out smoked before is insane.
 since i dont smoke anymore  ive turned into an alcoholic 
 drove through the smoke monday evening  for all the bad stories ive seen  this one makes you feel a little better. 
 damn. watch out for wicked weed. this is one damn good session ipa  o... napoleon complex  photo
 tims and hookah smoke 
 been burnn these woods like train smoke 
 the weeds... ive forgotten how much i thrive off of this restaurant openingday westport pineapple
 i hit her with some of that granddaddy purp  paranoid her amp she aint smoked since @madisoncurry6
 just sitting here trying to calculate how much crack my professor smoked before he assigned this 18 page essay.
 please  the producers of bkchatldn remove max and nunu from the show. theyre useless. i no know which kind igbo the 2 of them dey smoke.
 i havent smoked since sunday..... sos
 great opportunity learn something new about fabulous hemp  free raffle 2 tickets for attending the meeting  
 but like seriously how can u smell that i cant even smell it and i havent smoked in two days what the actual fuck
 i lost 18 pounds in 2 months just from smoking weed every day. 
 highest level..... ganja infused @ downtown miami 
 i worked a 14 hour day today n ever since i woke up ive been thinking about how bad i wanna smoke this blunt and i finally am  im so happy
 ive never smoked so many layups in my life 
 ive never smoked weed that made me forget about my problems in life at the time
 dam i havent smoked in forever 
 the first time we smoked together and spent two hours making slow mo videos in the agh room at dominoes 
 i ain smoke in a whole week bruh..
 red palm oil and honey... marijuana infused peanut butter coming soon 420 ganja bud 
 i hate when people say people who smoke weed arent successful or a lazy. its such a common hobby now everyone smokes 
 when smokey doesnt pay that 200 on time smh 
 this guy is telling me how i smiled with his friend lmao where ive never smoked 
 this guy really is telling me how i smoked with his buddy like where ive never smoked... boy bye 
 its almost been a week since i smoked my last cigarette and im so proud of myself
 i smoked my first cig today  adulthood
 i smoked my first cig today  adulthood
 my momma just asked me what type of weed i smoke 
 just set off the smoke alarms and literally nobody in the house even woke up  some people are just trying to die
 warriors getting smoked right now
 no  dad  they dont actually chain smoke  theyre like  djs. and theyre really cool people. here  just listen to this.
 @cameronharpel @thiskidskobe @tjdaniels217 @owenmbecker the only thing you smoke is your vape pen and deer
 dear diary  i turn 21 today. i hate alcohol. weed is still illegal. well try again next year.
 its crazy how just 3 months ago i was smoking weed everyday.. and all baby said was i dont want you smoking unless its with me and boom
 sipped all day  got me leanin like dayday  ddwk ttgk free lil duke so we can smoke his bitch ass 
 a lot of woods get smoked fuckin with me 
 i smoked 14 grams in less than a week  i should just start dabbing but idk
 miss da gang smh gotta link up and smoke 3 pounds at least
 he smoked what they was smoking on how high.  
 its been a long ass time since i havent smoke a fat ass blunt 
 zach amp i smoked a whole pack of cigarettes in 4 hours
 i just got a few oz of the dankest damn weed ive ever had the pleasure of smoking from northern lights cannabis co. along with that shatter
 i have weed amp chocolate cake yeeeeee 
 hay  bay its ben 7 months  sins i smoked eney thing  or drank   whont to keep bing me it works .
 i think its time to weed out the bad seeds
 i never smoked weed out of an apple and i wanna try it lol
 shouldve just went and smoked 
 guys  i didnt smoke a cig yesterday either 
 my mom is on her death bed every month yet she continues to smoke 
 you think this will stop people people smoke cigarettes. theres a lot of studies on why you shouldnt smoke  yet 
 @profootballtalk just remember this analytics department drafted johnny football  weeded  richardson  etc etc etc
 i dont like doing things when i havent smoked
 why are so few people actually educated on weed
 i hate when i find out someone i like took some of my flowers. it makes me not wanna smoke w you again.
 when the other persons flowers arent as potent its like you can smoke what i give you. 
 officially been a week since ive smoked ganja 
 why people vape pussy to smoke tf
 this has marked the first 24 hours that i havent smoked in probably a year amp a 12
 havent smoked in two months. weed is not addicting  weedisnotadrug
 @sammyjustine i barely saw this tweet this morning but i still smoked and went to go get milk and cookies lol
 wait denzel  dont u smoke blunts @mcdoubleskates2 
 wondering about the smoke that just started at durhamchapel hill border. anyone know anything. just started a few minutes ago.
 i smoked 1 blunt exactly 2 weeks ago and i have a drug test tomorrow  before that i was clean for 2 months will i pass
 havent smoked in forever lol
 wish somebody would have smoked his ass instead....rip pweezy 
 raid at cannabis culture. store just opened 2 weeks ago. 
 @hartfordcourant commonly referred to as wax a highly potent form of marijuana. smoked in a glass pipe.
 its almost like sean payton woke up today and said im gonna smoke a whole wad of crack before i determine cooks 
 first time i ever smoked weed was next to one of these  
 not sure if i should smoke a bowl or if im actually still high from last night bc fuck i was lit like it was my first time smoking again
 who tf trynna smoke its been to long
 most likely weed being as good as milk thistle for mensuration amp menopause
 @therealroseanne why havent you fucking moved to @canada yet we have good weed lol
 i hate how my client smokes in her house 
 clyde and ben just got caught smoking weed infront of the entrance to the other part of sears lol @ my fucking job
 bruh its crazy smokepurp was jus some fl soundcloud rapper last year now he real life rich...
 jamming to sade lets get on with this thursday  and relax and just smoke
 mason jar dont stop the scent of my ganja from takin over the whole house  lol had to wrap it up in socks amp throw it in the timb boot 
 healthy packed lunch goes into the fridge when 19 hour smoked brisket appears...work cafeteria 
 come smoke some hookah at the bar | theqgso is the move tomorrow night | 21 tmidnight | 
 alaskan smoked porter beer 6.5abv smoked alder wood amp vinous aroma rich chocolate malt amp roasted flavor w smoke ph 
 the only thing making me thur the day is that i have a blunt ready to be smoked after school
 went to my car at 11 short lesson today 2nd class at 1. anyways went to my car to smoke ended up knocking out until 10 mins ago.
 fucked around smoked a whole zip  day two of this road trip
 speaking now at the @clebc marijuana conference is @kirktousaw. good cle so far. lots to learn. 
 i dont really smoke wax but im so tempted to buy wax since its only 10 for the half gram 
 why airplanes still have ashtrays. no  you cant smoke by @jonostrower cnnmoney 
 actually  turns out its smoke. but still.
 new song out now with @loudlord amp @youngpirelli dj smokey x loud lord x soudiere  what now kushcadets link 
 i have a weed pen now and life seems so much simpler 
 reggie isnt weed its trash fuck out of here
 @kickpleat i even tried different kinds of oats  tried adding stuff like hemp hearts  chia  fruit...totally doesnt work for me.
 criminal justice majors smoke the most weed out of any major
 bitch was press to smoke w 5 fuckin dollars foh moe lmaoo
 i really hate getting smoke in my eyes
 choked out  loced out blowin hella smoke out
 so for my first review for @dopemagazine  im checking out these cannabis snacks. talk about a 
 i smoked a newport and now i feel like garbage.
 i havent smoked in two whole weeks wow
 its 3pm amp i havent smoked not once... my mood is really terrible
 i hate when people say i smoke too much  like bitch you probably just need to smoke a blunt and mind your business 
 i hate when the smoke get in my eyes
 i still havent found the smokers in this orientation 
 on february 15th i ate an omelette in asheville with goat cheese and smoked trout in it. today is march 9th and i think i can still taste it
 can we smoke a cigarette. before. wait. @kaybooty1
 ive only smoked reggie twice in the last 5 years and both times were in the valley lmao
 @cherylshuman my 44th year smoking weed  trump sucks im dave hi  
 tbh i hate the smell of weed 
 lmfaoo the most boring people ive met are smokers 
 pint of lean pound of weed and a kilo
 somebody smoked a cigarette in the bathroom on my flight back from china
 the dolphins front office must have been smoking some good weed because we are making incredible moves this offseason
 ive lost a lot of people in my circle because their energy was like black smoke.
 tim kaine looks like if bill maher didnt smoke weed and was still just as transislamiphobic but just in secret. 
 just smoked w my roommate fr the first few times recently and we been living together for almost 2 months lol
 macadamia nut cheese and beets and arugula and hemp seeds and sprouts sushi. is it even really 
 why are people surprised about todays weed shop raids its still an illegal substance....
 ive never asked a nigga to smoke me out... thats whack. why get smoked out when you can match 
 i havent smoked yet today  check me out
 new song out now kushcadets dj smokey x loud lord x soudiere  what now @loudlord @youngpirelli link 
 tbt to 2 years ago when reefer ralph was all out of snacks 
 stop it. smoke a wood first. 
 one week smoke free. 
 after seeing getout  cant wait to smoke a j or make love to this one right here. probably the 
 this year i can smoke weed so i wont be as drunk as i was last year lmao
 that edgy scene kid that smokes cigarettes during every bands set except for the headliner
 i havent smoked in almost two weeks and i want a cigarette so bad right now 
 i havent smoked all day 
 breaking were seeing smoke south of the gold hill mesa neighborhood. early reports have it near the stratton open 
 havent smoked yet who am i
 i honestly dont know how i smoked for as long as i did. just the smell of a cigarette makes me sick now.
  glad i dont smoke
 i think its more of an andsituation rather than  or lol  but i havent smoked any wacky tabaccy since i was a 
 i just set out smoke detector off  and ive never panicked more in my whole life
 i had to do it for the ride home.  strawberries  almond butter  bananas  turmeric  hemp seeds 
 i hate woods lmao idc how slow they burn i wanna taste the weed not the wood tf
 ill never understand cigarettes beings legal  but not cannabis. but i guess i could be a sheltered oklahoman also...
