 im positive that ucsb released this strain of flu right as the first mid term seasons hits to weed out more people. yall aint slick.
 @foxnews @potus so liberal state will taking in possible criminals despite the safety of the citizens of the state. been smoken some. lol
 all georgia state niggas do is smoke mid. 
 i take tokes of the marijuana smoke til i float like boats in the ocean  fosho im showboating
 how many ciggies is lvp gonna smoke rhobh
 yo cuz cannabis was like the last of the lyrically ingenious intellectually stimulating well studied men. new shit straight basura
 hb2209 new creating a program to research the use of industrial hemp. 
 trump weighs additional immigration restrictions to weed out any who may need public aid  winning
 finding someone to smoke wit
 people that call weed pot are so funny
 nancy pelosi needs to go back to california and run for a seat on a town council where she can blow smoke up their butts. shes a has been
 @realdonaldtrump the american publics lives are not a game show stop the smoke amp mirrors
 we on my favorite smoke dza song.. george kush da button really was a great mixtape
 finally a guy that wont complain about how much i smoke 
 watching the travel channel.. natives teaching andrew how to smoke salmon 
 i have lean and weed but no baackwoods..
 this bus smells like weed and this lady wont stop staring at me
 when i smoke nick and cole in odds to make the worst two actors  in history their backgrounds for the next 24 hours 
 on god texas got the best weed only thing i like about this wack ass state.
 @politicalbunny thats like calling me a criminal for having a prop. 215 medical marijuana prescription. shame on you. @nancypelosi
 but then again if all you do is hit me up to smoke and you never have none then thats an issue 
 lets smoke blunts amp watch criminal minds
 no time for small talk  lets smoke and talk about real shit that actually matters.
 @baloogz whiskey and weed but where da @ weed at
 where da weed @
 hop out with the beamget money  smoke weed sip lean
 @prittytrippy weed
 @sirridleyscott i smoke
 also im leaving a state where weed is legal for a state where weed is illegal smh
 im actually finally tryna study amp i get offered to smoke and invited to 2 parties in the matter of 30 minutes they dont want us to graduate
 i want to go to weed california
 need weed  koreatown  ca   its crucial.
 smoke em if ya got em  as legalized marijuana takes hold  via @yahoo
 @realdonaldtrump please open up medical marijuana itll create jobs
 @maskchievousgb  legalize all cannabis. lol
 sell mid smoke thrax
 i do not smoke or vap and prefer not to breathe it in  
 so lets just stay in the moment smoke some weed sip some wine reminisce talk some shit forever young is in your mind
 @portdauphin wank you smoke youre gonna die earlier. vaping is the same. smokeless is the same. i dont care if they do  but get real.
 heres todays menu were open til 7pm amp staff favorite vegan smoked gouda is available. itll go fast 
 someone smoke wit da kid
 @fariiskhalil thats done with smoke amp mirrors. total green screen cmonnobodywouldbethatdumbwouldthey
 @rfhgina taking this thing way into the weeds again.
 can they just legalize marijuana in new jersey already....
 at least ill finally have a working smoke detector and not have faulty wiring in my bedroom  though.
 i want u to win my heart smoke with bae  miguel
 @realdonaldtrump please reschedule marijuana so we can do more research and end the suffering of people that need alternative medicine
 if i traffic across state lines its gone be cocaine or some shit never weed
 @chrislhayes no life thats not wasp matters to them. all lives matter was a smokescreen.
 @dirkeodara @senategop dont worry yourself. jeff wont be able to stop himself from targeting marijuana  then the money goes after him.
 @realdonaldtrump please  take cannabis all forms off the prohibited drug list so that scientists can see what is good about it amp how to use
 i did the calculation and we smoke about 78 blunts a day 
 all people in north carolina should vote yes to end marijuana prohibition in north carolina so we all may benefit 
 phrase of the day   lacrimal caruncle  inner pink modules of the eyes.  there  you learned something today.  now go inject marijuanas.
 why tf we gonna be the last state 2 legalize the funny weedz kuzzwetexashoe 3d
 this may all be smoke and mirrors to distract us from the bigger issue. stay woke
 ice for my bong so my smoke is chill.
 why they talking about legalizing weed on sports center right now
 @thefive @thejuanwilliams wtf whoopie nalogy wtrump yu smoke weed
 sometimes when i smoke my mouth be getting drier than  in that episode that patrick amp spongebob were under the bait shop lamp 
 the atlanta falcons spent 81 000 on prescription pain killers in 2009  but the players arent allowed to smoke weed.
 if you favor medical marijuana or legalization  fear sen. jeff sessions confirmation as u.s. attorney general. 
 smoking weed chills my anxiety out and thats probably my favorite part
 all my life they say hes not one of us  but he thinks nothin when the cheese keeps doublin the weed im puffin  amp all the lean im guzzlin
 @rrraaa nah i smoke weed
 allys mom has basically caught us hittin da reefer a handful of times
 but you aint want no smoke wit youngsta..you a funny guy 
 starting not to feel to good about this @justintrudeau government  told everyone no pipelines  hed change how we vote  and legalize weed
 @samiafox10 thoughts and prayers are flowing through me for those guard hostages. i hope the smoke from this horrific takeover can be fixed.
 @yfnlucci who want smoke though 
 @nwscharlestonsc smoke was very visible this evening from the westmoreland bridge. 
 purple weed purple in my styrofoam filled with ice
 420 friendly stoner bed amp breakfast is open and looking to help promote your cannabis products 
 tightening gun restrictions wont stop criminals from getting guns  okay so.... yall gon legalize weed now and keep abortion legal
 3 billion ppl cook with dirty smoke biomass like wood amp charcoal. 
 will roycooper and presidenttrump legalize cannabis in north carolina and in the united states of americaequal 
 @realdonaldtrump legalize weed
 smoke a lot of weed drink alot of ciroc. call it loud and clear
 presidenttrump to announce when cannabis will be legal in all the united states for equalopportunity safeaccess 
 first business  when will we have medical cannabis in all 50 states equalopportunityisinminute 
 my bus boy told me he quit going to university in guatemala to be a teacher because he needed money to smoke pot  not all heroes wear capes
 presidenttrumpvicepresidentpence  secretaryofstaterextillerson can we legalize medical cannabis in all 50 states 
 altria to recall skoal  copenhagen smokeless tobacco products   via @wsj
 i want to lay in the grass at dolores  smoke some spliffs and list to music for like 6 hours.
 recreational marijuana will make america great again
 really dope living in a state where marijuana is legal the fact that weed tenders hook you up with some gr8 ass deals
 my mom said if i smoke weed again at the house she gonna call the laws  bro take a mf hit.. gahdamn.
 and the   thing maybe just smoke and mirrors 
 nice smoked malt.  drinking a threesome in the dark by @raisedgrain @ milwaukee beer society    photo
 nah   id smoke with them  
 my friends  we may have a new @potus  but out goal remains the same. reclassification amp legalization of cannabis. im not asking for your 
 dude at the weed store just had a pistol out in the open on the counter and the budtender asks me how do you live here. south central baby
 reller see i dont have a problem wheroine cant smell it. now cigarettes  i dont want that  cuz then im gettng that secondhand smoke.
 gon smoke this gaaaas  talk to shawty and edit pictures for the rest of the night 
 guess ill smoke and drink my lean   since no police outside 
 oregon bill would make it illegal to fire someone for offduty marijuana use  
 mykindofpartyincludes cinnamon blood filled trump shaped cakepops  electronic music  black and gold outfits  incense smoke  amp lasers.
 so please dont run away when my ganjas all gone
 help legalize weed in texas 
 dont sip lean but the weed have me feeling like i just siped a 4
 @jojomouth haha.. i know a thing or two about weed.
 trumps divide amp conquer strategy worked by sowing anger  fear between us. now it sprouts like a weed. the antidote talk but also listen.
 yummy  drinking a shake a paw smoked porter by @yellowdogbeer @ coast precision cnc ltd.    photo
 @pattyk112 plenty of time for them to grow up after they get their degrees and realize they cant smoke pot and drink beer forever. 
 @goldengateblond meanwhile in dc this was happening... smoke and mirrors... 
 @legalizepotusa @munchies nice .. who is to say jesus never smoked weed. it was before the paper industry lobbied congress make it illegal
 lets smoke weed and discover new things about ourselves baby
 found some weedz i forgot about. so i guess you could say tonight is pretty rad.
 smoke some weed  drink some wine  reminisce  talk some shit  forever young is in your mind 
 zomg college students smoke weed hot takes breaking news. @deadspin 
 retweet if you are an herb smoker...it has so many benefits. it is part of my natural lifestyle.
 popular brands of smokeless tobacco  many sold to military  recalled due to sharp metal in some cans. see list 
 how u get caught wit weed and they make u take a course over sexual assault 
 lets smoke a j naked amp talk about the universe 
 @realdonaldtrump if you legalize marijuana entirely  you will fix the economy better than it has ever been.  you would create tons of jobs.
 lets be honest  most of it is garbage. perhaps if they weed out the idiots that are spewing crap prior to checking 
 idk how i feel about people being able to smoke weed in restaurants. im all for legalizing it but that part im not a fan of.
 a boogie flow is not fye  a boogie dont even wear a hoodie  herb actually smokes herb  herb actually can flow multiple ways
 idk what type of demon weed this bitch just gave me but.......
 keep my gun some weed and some cash wit me
 @outsidemagazine may i suggest marijuana instead highlife
 u smoke mid my guy 
 errybody smoke good for me at 12 
 i love that my teacher gives us breaks but i hate that half the students use it to go smoke and then the classroom stinks afterwards.
 cant be a stoner if you aint in any state that weed is legal in on 420.... we dont sneak no more 
 @seadog14garren @iamatheistgirl true. in fact  weed can actually help cure addiction.
 @danielaaor hey daniella we are here for you you can check and get a medical marijuana card online at 
 @rickthelaureate just proceed with caution w this prez. appointing sessions is warning shot to cannabis industry. we shall see. good luck
 i want da money da weed da good food and da real niggas dat wont turn and be 50... mainly weed doe  
 blazin gun smoke
 do i smoke this blunt or nah
 time to kill this jeremiah weeds whiskey tonight 
 @masterbuilt what are the dims of the racks for the 30 smoker interested in getting one  but want to make sure i can fit a rack of ribs.
 mom just flipped on me for getting stoned from smoking her weed. which she wont admit is hers. welcome to trumps america ladies and gents
 and the almost out of weed anxiety kicks in
 when i smoke by myself i stay having deep thoughts  mind just be wondering ...
 still some upgrades out there. elway usually strikes after smoke clears. tomorrow is our day. go broncos 
 all i do is work  and go home and smoke  someone take me out shid get me drunk summmm you whores wack
 i wonder if otis redding smoked a whole pack of cigarettes right before recording each of his songs
 @rifftrax just 9 more backers  then its goodbye weeds  
 @brokenhalo i used to smoke regularly though  and i dont want to do that again for sure
 told jorden to make his fish mailbox into something we could smoke out of and boy he done did it 
 he just on the wrong drugs. he went from weed and lean to xanax and bleach 
 @stunslayah @fallengiory kys downy go shove yourself in some weed or whatever
 my religion is reefer
 smoking california reefer.
 smokin that gas you smoke that mid..
 i dont get why girls cry and eat ice cream when theyre sad....just smoke hella weeeed and then eat ice cream
 .@huskingpin amp @smoovth   hempstead prod. @lovesharp 
 smoke my weed and mind my business 
 @benpop mine only makes occasional concerning noises and only emits electrical smoke sometimes
 since i cant smoke til december ill just pretend im pregnany
 since i cant smoke til december im going to pretend im pregnant
 im not saying im for or against the legalization of marijuana  im just making the observation that portland  or is pretty alright
 yuh fi watch yuh frenz weh yuh smoke wit and run joke wit  ah dem think fi cut ur throat quick the only fren wey mi love  ah d one up above
 medical marijuana an oxymoron and a risk to fetuses   fetalmarijuanadotcom 
 medical marijuana an oxymoron and a risk to fetuses   fetalmarijuanadotcom 
 house hijacks drug bill to force discussion of medical marijuana  via state journal 
 @riinstitute  please institution me in weed hell ya love u n appreciated same
 i wish my job allowed me to smoke. a blunt sure would help this migrane.
 ignore the haters  smoke them blunts.
 this young lady just told me she only smoke 50 
 @norml @ohionorml thinks u should educate @979wnci dj jimmy jam on the facts about legalize marijuana for medical use pros out way the cons
 where da weed  where da liq
 @kirktousaw @patsow the son king wants his will enforced  until he deigns to let us smoke. meanwhile  off with th 
 talking bout frozen burritos go out there and smoke one of your ganja joints and youd be fucking devouring one of those mother fuckers
 nc legalized weed for medical reasons only 
 medical news today marijuana use may raise stroke  heart failure risk via @newfusionapps science news 
 your babies daddy smokes mid
 i can smoke to any tracc by the cuzzo @wizkhalifa
 to bad you smoke ciggys
 they said im gonna have a hole in my neck like the lady from the commercial  wasnt that a cigarette commercial doesnt weed cure cancer
 philly researcher marijuana use increases risk of heart failure  stroke  
 retweet if you want congress to deschedule weed from schedule 1 so that researchers can work and canna businesses c 
 smoke weed amp mind your business
 bout to smoke this jernt
 i dont believe drake can finish this nigga pusha t lyrically. drizzy dont want this smoke
 @nmoneyitrust  my mom smokes them  only back woods amp fronto wit da paper stop playin wit me lol
 omg please fix it she just wasted all of that damn weed im so sad 
 going to cannabis business executive convention...httpst.cocd5baqeedh  via @bizzabo
 going to cannabis business executive convention...httpst.com0j4ujwpqp  via @bizzabo
 another legalized state. positivefriday @ smoke shop 2 in las vegas  nv 
 hey @dallaslockhart will you be open the evening of 21mar  i want to bring some friend to try your smoke out
 elijah and i always end up taking pictures after we smoked so our pictures come out so funny 
 @killerkellyreno @eshalegal @potus heres a little update 4 arkansas medical marijuana sure wish we could grow hemp  
 legalize marijuana in every state and use the tax proceeds to pay for healthcare.
 @littlerichard stanley hemphill was playin guitar when i joined. your brother peyton was wyou.. tricky lofton on trombone..
 @joerogan cbd and other hemp products no matter whether they say it or not will likely trigger a false positive on initial thc drug screens
 medical use now legal in 28 states. political strategy for the legalization of marijuana @sxsw
 im in a state thats legalized weed but im stuck with a lady who would never let me get anything 
 @epfox hi hayley would love to invite you to an exclusive media only cannabis event. where can i email invite
 im taking car of dogs  babysitting  and i just got a job at smokey bones  im ready to complain about it all the time
 business as usual for cannabis businesses some reassurance  finally. 
 im taking care of dogs  babysitting  and just got hired at smokey bones  im ready to complain about it all the time
 @rayybanns @jurgena i smoke now come spark up rei 
 a tuscarora hs student  who is also an illegal immigrant  was arrested for possessing marijuana  xanax amp a gun. 
 hell  its even being done while legalizing weed rt @joiedevar its like a microcosm of america. 
 the smoke amp fire argument about trump doesnt work because its not smoke its artificial evapor
 smoke weed wit da windows up high asf boi inching up.
 @msnbc i am ex fireman smoke is what kills u not the fire a smoking gun says gun has been fired how long be4 we do the i word 
 @davidjspellman smoke a joint.
 i shouldnt need a 70k lobbyist to convince my elected state representatives to do the right thing re medical cannabis. wvpol mmj
 but marijuana is not allowed 
 would nfl players rather be rxd addicting  organ damaging meds or be allowed cannabis oil for painailments my guess is on the latter.
 teachers arent paid enough already  governor wants to strip medical leave. craziness  just legalize weed amp use 
 @jacobkobos happy birthday jake miss u tall ugly weed 
 but people going to jail for smelling like weed. america is great @realdonaldtrump @potus 
 filling up bag w ground hemp seed amp employee at grocery store asks  what do you do with that except plant it and smoke it smh
 we legalize weed before we legalize immigrants. like you want papers  yeah  ill get you some rolling papers.
 @alcohoiporn @thehoeologist hell nah its weed gang yo liver gonna fall out bitch
 ima smoke til my stomach get nauseous
 you could add rodney johnson to that list if medical cannabis were legal in north carolina 
 we want all da bs we want all da smoke
 @charmermi weed is really great
 she dont but smoke but eveytime she with kei she be faded 
 i wonder if otis redding smoked a whole pack of cigarettes right before recording each of his songs
 ya smoke weed princess  mi want you beside of me 
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 sb184 engross private marijuana clubs open and public use 
 in a seemingly dramatic turn of events  dubois is getting a.... pot farm sounds like this plan could go up in smoke..
 pretty positive friday   im finna run my saq up  and smoke sum doja .. nasaman
 legalized marijuana a brave new world for marketing. california 
 listen you can judge marijuana use all u want but if u deal with anxiety depression stress or the sorts i promise it would improve ur life
 is it appropriate to ask someone if they smoke because you spot a lighter in their picture  its a deal breaker.
 drinking a cherry valley smoked porter by @redshedbrewing @ the stockyard public house  
 haha the smoke spots 
 @racetrac it is one thing when a customer smokes in front of the door but it is another when its an employee. stor 
 quita sex was lit but it wasnt the fact of the sex i could actually chill and kick it with her. even tho she smokes weed like a rookie
 blessed be the world with complete legalization of cannabis ...asap. pretty please. thank you @jointhemajority. peace.
 @tgowdysc phony  smoke and mirrors where is bryan paglianowhere is the investigation into executive order 13603comeyclinton foundation
 please tell me my best friend isnt a smoke  @emibeee 
 @thedemocrats and you make war on the guy who is at least trying to fix the problem your all chasing smoke  the hospitals and clin 
 these states will consider changes to their cannabis laws in 2017  via @marijuanatimesx
 these states will consider changes to their cannabis laws in 2017  via @marijuanatimesx
 were one week away from passing a bill to decriminalize marijuana in the state of texas...god bless this state
 where da weed @
 gottta smoke 
 vm 17 after all the smoke cleared  the best newco rose to the top and i had a dog in the hunt well done  isgaca 
 she likes to drink and smoke some doja
 i feel like if you taking care  of your priorities and making sure everything good on your end  smoking weed shouldnt be a problem.
 i drove across america with almost 6 oz of weed in my car
 @anncoulter check this out marijuana in states legalized is bought from mexico no restaurants in law. soros wants d 
 when someone asks to smoke for free 
 when ur boy sells bud but makes you cop to smoke wit him lt
 @disgruntled420 do your research. marijuana is highly illegal 
 id rather to never grow weed again then do it for the government.. these east coast laws are useless
 come smoke shum witch ya boi
 court formal ruling today to list monsanto weedkiller as possible carcinogen per prop65 @cnnbrk @teamcnn @teamhln 
 court formal ruling today to list monsanto weedkiller as possible carcinogen per prop65 @nbcla @latimes @abc30 
 court formal ruling today to list monsanto weedkiller as possible carcinogen per prop65 @foxla @kmphfox26 
 court formal ruling today to list monsanto weedkiller as possible carcinogen prop65 @marchagainstm @courthousenews 
 in this house  we smoke til we die
 who is anybody to say that recreational use of marijuana isnt actually medical when it helps your mental
 .@joerogan  @realalexjones amp eddie bravo should do a whiskey amp weedsoaked podcast a few times a year. gold. 
 @realdonaldtrump you want to up your approval rating legalize marijuana in all 50 states and well talk
 ur wcw doesnt inhale when she smokes
 @realdonaldtrump you want to up your approval rating legalize medical marijuana for cancer epilepsy etc in all 50 states and well talk
 whooo for a response of smoke. as a journalist who listens to a scanner 7 hours a day  they mostly turn out to be nothing.  livepd
 road trip day 1 broke 2 nails  drove through the town of weed  and a random guy at the hotel bar told me his exgirlfriend killed his goat
 ive done a lot todaytonight i think im entitled to a smoke break 
 road trip day 1 broke 2 nails  drove through a town named weed  and a random guy at the hotel bar told me his ex girlfriend killed his goat
 road trip day 1 broke 2 nails  drove through a town named weed  and a guy at the hotel bar told me his ex girlfriend killed his goat
 should smoke this blunt or nah
 asa sent me a picture of a random ass drink and was like what is this ... i sent her back a nug and was like what type of weed is this 
 all i do is talk to god   go to work  smoke and mind my business...... literally.. thats it
 mind ya i aint smoke andbimn high af off contact
 when we both cum at da same time amp smoke a blunt after
 if youre bout shit come through to hilton in laudy with a couple boards  lets go board and smoke one  catch vibes
 some weed always helps
 our government will always be corrupt  not every person you meet is going to be nice  but one things for certain is ill always smoke weed
 pre law amp criminal justice students smoke the most weed....  the irony.
 please retweet so that trump supporters understand that legal weed n medical marijuana is in grave danger. 
 you smelled the smoke secondhand and now youre the one smoking.
 @smerconish @potus @vp @whitehouse @wolfblitzer @ananavarro pres sly like fox. fake war on media smoke screen issues  free v 247 no inctax
 el paso we just added smoke purpp and lil pumpp to the show tonight. hosted by @rowdylifeyp   dont sleep. 
 @caitlindewey is this a captcha contest to weed out bots among your followers
 the cahuilla people of the coachella valley region smoked the dried leaves of california sagebrush  for pleasure. 
 hotel coolin.. so @sarahrosemcg slactavis1 for the sick hoody  come smoke with us at 
 @jonroyale @athleticblk @black6233rx @blackgayporn @blackrayne  while you drink  ill smoke it
 paris told me the other night yall are lucky i smoke enough to stay relaxedlow key instead
 late sept. mid october  is where it began  weed out understand that then nov. came and it made things fairly easy
 smart ...monsanto killed the farmer. they are governmentrun killing us you dont put weed killer and hormones on s 
 i am in the coolestghetto lift ever and its awesome. im sitting on a towel  wreaks of weed  bumping some mixtape. uber take notes.
 in the coolestghetto lyft ever now. sitting on a towel covering seats  wreaks of weed  bumping someones mixtape. uber take notes.
 beer up north premium brewskies  character attacks and smokestacks  timmins 
 making @jesteva62755 recipe beef jerky today on @campchef smokepro dlx. @mariocfulco @sgt458 @ajbaldwin 
 he may have been rude but he didnt hurt you plus you shouldnt smoke other peoples weed without em id want you outt 
 this is the exact reason that medical cannabis should be legalized in all 50 states to relieve the pressure 
 @joewarmington @rossmcleansec  @justintrudeau did weed as mp  now he arrests dealers just before legalizing it. orwell sighs
 also  you cant make fun of marijuana strains names and take any shot that isnt just straight liquor. not allowed. 
 getting ready to judge the 2nd annual smoke on the shores bbq contest in nashville.  its 32 degrees  amp snowing. 
 ioon want ur airy weed
 health benefits of medical marijuana  cannabis 101  via @medicaljane please read.
 i would snatch my blunt right out her hands   waisting fucking weed  
 this is the reason why cannabis works better for treating anxiety and depression.  when taking 
 desert eagle ft gyyps makes me feel some type a way while i smoke this spliff  @fellythekid
 @bunchesdaughter ... i need a smoke @ southeast  washington  d.c. 
 @prandpoli @tedlightbulb no i cant even grow pot for personal use. thats not legal in canada at all. i can grow my own tobacco  not weed.
 tryna smoke hella blunts and have a long ass conversation with yuh
 if youre gonna use an allinone soap  it should be @drbronner s organic  vegan  fair trade  and made with hemp 
 repost from @superjen78   the medical use of marijuana is no secret. it can be used to treat a 
 @oktoberfur sometimes i post contraversial things to weed out the asshats. today i weeded out two trolls
 why do i always think weeds are pretty 
 wv needs to legalize medical marijuana to help all these addicts smoking illegal marijuana transition to a healthier alternative...
 maybe i am old fashioned doctors would rather you take weed up the butt than smoke it   via @vicecanada
 the smoke stacks first seen at the mls playoffs game vs toronto are now a permanent feature and will be used during goal celebrations.nycfc
 i dont need anything thats gong to make me any lazier or hungrier debby cain on the topic of marijuana
 i dont need anything thats going to make me any lazier or hungrier. debby cain on the topic of marijuana
 @realdonaldtrump @senategop @speakerryan where there is smoke smoke smoke there is surely fire @catdjt resist 
 i dont smoke tho l0l 
 lmfao nah  i have to fix up. im opening my pencil case and finding weed...
 baby the weed lit lemme take you ona trip
 i dont want to really talk about what the weed budget needed to  recover from a car hitting u without opiates was but i chose weed over food
 but marijuana isnt legalized... 
 use my code for 5 off your medical marijuana recommendation  its 100 online for ca residents  
 if @realdonaldtrump really wants to makeamericagreatagain he would legalize marijuana instead of trying to shut do 
 bend her down im in her throat bitches fucking for some coke not a swisher than i wont smoke
 all this weed wit nobody to smoke wit
 the employees at these legal weed stores talk like theyre trying to assemble a goddamn rocket ship
 @keithgroller @wmallenbball is in the  house awaiting 8 pm game with hempfield in @piaasports class 6a boys basketb 
 were in denver where da weed at
 the employees at these legal weed stores talk about products like goddamn rocket ship salesmen
 some smoke would really help my current mental state. too bad im owned by the us government and get drug tested frequently. 
 i need sexy ladies. homeboys. weed and liquor for my next big thing.   video soon...  
 as legalization spreads  is more marijuana being sent through the mail  via @marijuanatimesx
 as legalization spreads  is more marijuana being sent through the mail  via @marijuanatimesx
 jessica should not be allowed to smoke weed.
 @nanciguestrd it will be interesting how things pan out here. the only thing i can see is some crazy incomp ban of caff use like cannabis
 i know im an adult and all but smoking weed with someone who is a 6th grade math teacher is still pretty funny
 @nanciguestrd it will be interesting how things pan out here. the only thing i can see is some incomp ban of caff use like cannabis
 the @wmallenbball canaries are on court for warmups prior to @piaasports 6a opener vs. hempfield. 
 a minute of secondhand marijuana smoke may damage blood vessels    thanks a lot .@justintrudeau potisbad
 @bgthaddy i thought you were talking bout weed til i read the dressing part
 i agree in this they need to legalize marijuana in all 50 states like they were going to not very happy with the go 
 smoke to clear my mind. smoking all the time. smoke to kill my mind.
 i just want to smoke amp sip champagne tonight 
 stop chemo and just smoke weed.  yeah sure ill get right on that.
 stop chemo and just smoke weed.  yeah sure ill get right on that.
 actually its the other way around you have no clue about weed beside the governments lies. so shouldnt talk abou 
 where da weed at
 ohio to allow more medical marijuana dispensaries  letting them stay open longer  under latest proposal 
 me eveytime i smoke a a cig then just thinking... fuck  heart disease.. 
 snuff smokeless tobacco makes guys soooooo unattractive
 my sisters mother in law just said she wants marijuana cupcakes 
 where the weed up bridge and pratt the good weed...
 i have to smoke wit @wizkhalifa @snoopdogg and @currensyspitta at some point in my life
 looks better than tall weeds and leaves every where @ clearlake  california 
 nevada senator proposes bill to legalize cannabis clubs and marijuana use at events  
 @joellefox good. weed is for poor  ugly minorities
 if youre against marijuana youre against god. facts
 the weed is pretty legit out here though  cant complain ha
 @joewarmington i have a full list of ex mps and police chiefs that own stake in legal weed if you would like a look.
 so if smoking a few cigarettes a day helps ease your mind and weed helps u be comfortable is that good for the baby 
 @ap i disagree at weeded out minorities it weeded out teachers that dont deserve to be teaching. my sons dealing with crummy teachers
 @ivanpadres i can say whatever i want...its all i. fun... go smoke a joint and mind your own business
 @johnbro92587318 united states government medical marijuana is a regulated program where you can monitor who buys p 
 i wish i could smoke in my room.  i want to smoke a spliff and watch terminator
 @bmoore20 you never hold cotton before we you dont used weed killer  the weeds alway comes back  you learn it doesnt matter how mean
 my hotel smells like weed and im swooning.
 these bitches talking girl talk all night man lets get it poppin got my favorite weed 415 cookies which are the best cookies and lean
 the difference between you and i is youre into just smoking weed and me  im into the business 
 @realdonaldtrump   trumppence.  are. just. fucking. up.   to.  cause.  hate. and.  smoke.  screen.  back door. deals. arms. business deals
 but everyone says its a harmless drug.. cannabis associated with increased risk of heart failure and stroke 
 i hit the weed via ft with kareem.
 .@jeffsessions i agree just spoke candidly about marijuana and you wont like what he said  
 @joewarmington @styleske @jodieemery @sunlorrie truth is legal weed is the wind turbines of fed libs. a way to get votes enrich cronies
 i dropped darcie off and when the lady opened the door i just smelled straight weed haha dangit
 compassion legalizing marijuana takes the weed out of the hand of illegal thugs and puts it in the hands of legal 
 @sunlorrie @joewarmington we are trapped in our country for we cant travel with cannabis.
 @realdonaldtrump dont use smoke and mirrors to pass a bill  expedience doest make a great healthcare bill free market solutions
 washingtondc  with some real ones @telopath @maxmazzim smokebwf eddiekayne after the eks  
 getting my mind right at church as i smoke this gizzle.
 she ont smoke but erytime she wit me she b faded
 i also had another dream that i took a hit of some weed im guessing and if thats what it really feels like to be high its pretty funny
 yes dont fall victim to the smoke screens trump is so good @ to distract from his true intentions as potus look @ 
  well if your going to use data prior to legalization then your ignoring that cartel weed is grown in the most unsafe
 im in a state of soberness so see more in weed as feel earth i told u ur toxins i have to thank you not jokes over no april fooling death
 happy birthday kevo hope its filled with dope smoke @kevinlancor69
 i didnt smoke pot all thru hs and college...up til now...and because of my severe chronic pain... medical pot legal in nm is prescribed.
 soulfulsundays smokeyyyy @ charlotte  north carolina 
 video not disclosed by cops suggest michaelbrown had not robbed store but bartered  exchanged marijuana with store clerk for cigarillos...
 make sure the positive energy keep flowin all the weed keep rollin n all of us gon get high off the sky we gon keep from fallin @wizkhalifa
 if u cant smoke in front of yo mom then you shouldnt be smoking
 id rather listen to bill walton list all the strains of pot hes smoked than hear another fucking syllable from dicky v...
 @wodentoad @nrdc @rideact xperiments wfuelcell. o the fuelcell bus says  i dont smoke i dont smoke i dont smoke all thru the town
 @realdonaldtrump @mitchellvii @420dotcomgrower make legal marijuana on fed level amp tax it. booming business legal or not legalize amp tax
 boogie out in bk @ the smoke joint 
 my mother amp i will never see eye to eye on certain topics....one of those topics being me smoking weed.
 @aaronwherry cannabis legalization.
 make weed friendly hotel rooms a thing
 caution for a lot of smoke out of the 83 car.  tightening the car up for @mattdracing this stop.
 good about time we weed out bad teachers as well and keep the great ones kudos to you ms american teacher 
 dr. marcu spreads cannabis truth while dumb politicians spread fear httpst.conrhcg7wlrt marijuana 
 what do you call a pack of cigarettes from the thrift store   secondhand smokes
 my dad will come up to me while im breaking up my weed pick up a nug and judge it lmfao
 the weed must be bad in southern california 
 @johnibbitson  jt admits he used weed as mp  yet he tolerates arresting pot dealers even as he legalizes it. orwellian
 the hotel was ventilated and all smoke has been removed. all guest were allowed to return safely to their rooms.
 great w today @nycfc...we looked decent all round though d.c. united were poor. those smoke stacks were a great addition @markboothnycfc 
 use my code for 5 off your medical marijuana recommendation  its 100 online for ca residents  
 wuk gyal. buss gun. smoke weed. have fun
 ready to smoke some weed amp get ice cream lt3
 @braincandylive does the dry ice smoke machine make the floor moist after it is used 
 @kamalaharris under obama  ppl felt hopeless and insignificant and they turned to drugs and all the marijuana legalization laws dont help.
 retweet if you like smoking weed 420 420sunday cheechandchong snoopdogg wizkhalifa juicyj 
 a pack of ports could never numb the pain  i smoke these mother fuckers anyway
 @potus look at colorado amp their marijuana legalization.there is something to be learned 75 of americans want  potus
 @rose10052 i like big valley and gun smoke.
 if i smoke im liable to chill but right now how im feeling you liable to get killed
 my heart broken and the only way to fix it is to smoke some weed and drink some brew
 if theres one thing my mother taught me best  its to chain smoke when your anxiety is kicking and boy am i taking that lesson personal
 more smoke. rep. elijah cummings suggests trump may have fired preet bharara to block investigation. 
 blow smoke with your inner thoughts into the sky  let your body move the way its meant to  as feeling scattered  isnt anything to fear
 if she waste smoke   they cant be your wcw.
 roll ur weed on that  call that an asstray 
 why majority of niggas like guns  weed amp gangs 
 the white people who own weed shops are they consider business men or a drug dealing thug too
 i hate niggas who wont smoke an occasional bogie but will feen for hookah
 legalizing weed 
 instead of being upset  lets tax marijuana  booze  and taco trucks to help fix the real problems.
 everyone from this desert smokes weed
 her smoke rose up forever
 i cant smoke til friday 
 but da weed stank so good
 when you realize you smoke alot to hide your depression 
 money. ice cream. weed.  
 jaylan please dont smoke it. 
 north dakota drags feet in medical marijuana laws. next door  minnesota legalizes sunday morning drinking watch out on way home from church
 brick boe policy will allow students to use medical marijuana in school 
 brick boe policy will allow students to use medical marijuana in school 
 jeff sessions just spoke candidly about marijuana and you wont like what he said @themotleyfool stocks  
 @bubbagump2 @albaldasaro @genflynn @realdonaldtrump there is more than enough smoke to justify an investigation. you disagree
 i think my least favorite thing about traveling is that once outside oregon excluding legal states cannabis is unavailable and illegal. 
 please tell me why i cant research my project cause the schools wifi has facts about marijuana blocked .... 
 @realdonaldtrump makes baseless claims and hopes the smoke clears. but this criminal allegation against 
 jeff sessions just spoke candidly about marijuana and you wont like what he said @themotleyfool stocks  
 @aynrandpaulryan @tumbleweedtkw hey  just because theres smoke doesnt mean its you thats on fire 
 facts no one want smoke he is in fact a bon 
 @xdiamondcutx i used to do this when i was a teenager and smoke soooo much weed please dont judge me
 hey ryder  ecigs not tobacco product no fire no smoke no tobacco  your right to refuse  but dont call them somet 
 some one ice cream cake smoke and chill 
 if you post pics of guns money and weed. please stay out of my dms. i wont entertain you 
 so do it without all the smoke and mirrors @speakerryan bigtask getitright 
 when the lady at the tag office tells you to fix something then goes to take a smoke break happymonday
 i seriously wonder if i can get a prescription for medical marijuana for my post traumatic election disorder. this 
 @squawkcnbc young and old that smoke   obese  other poor habits like heavy drink   should get increased premiums  no age discrimination.
 i smoke gasoline das y she fuk wit me
 prescription pills prescription weed  drin prescription cough syrup
 prescription pills prescription weed  drink prescription cough syrup
 should hemp be grown in north carolina 
 buds and roses  pets and cannabis on @cbsthismorning  @ buds and roses 
 trump should do the right thing and legalize marijuana 
 @yankeesgalaxy99 if they end the drug war and legalize cannabis  those players wont have to use painkillers
 mom update in addition to being a paranormal investigator  she is now discussing how if the state legalizes weed she wants to run a farm
 legalize weed worldwide    having fun ......  hotel room akron ohio usa  july 2016  jeff davis  aftra actor amp 
 the perils of pot farming a season on americas least chill weed 
 do not go for the smoke and mirrors you are right we must not be distracted. 
 @williamjbennett im sure this doesnt surprise you... as legal marijuana spreads  worries about teen addiction grow 
 i could make a blunt with all the weed im finding cleaning my car
 boutta just smoke real quick get my mind off of things
 just another  lie used for smoke amp mirrors to hide @realdonaldtrump  russian  amp tax issues 
 heres more on @nightshiftmds report about health risks from rising use of medical and recreational marijuana 
 @lagunitasbeer wanna send me to nashville 2 legalize medical cannabis 2morrow amp advocate for patients in front of @realdonaldtrump
 nobody is dealing with the real issue of medical cannabis and hb 185 in north carolina and the lack of safe access 
 @wbbbpb nah  its something worse. i actually wanna smoke what bill smokes. lol
 just get out my face and let me smoke my weed. medical @ phoenix  
 only thing that matters to me is my weed
 bumping balcony smoke with the homies at sxsw you killed this  @sheonxxiv 
 @smokingcorks smoke it baby
 @themaine one pack of smokes. please oh please
 why is getting weed out of state so hard 
 farmers in north carolina can now apply to grow industrial hemp as part of a pilot program in the state  way to go 
 jeff sessions just spoke candidly about marijuana and you wont like what he said @themotleyfool stocks   cracker
 @tbfinney i smoke medical marijuana for glaucoma  my open heart surgery  my blood pressure  to be able to feel good 
 youre too pretty to smoke 
 im done. i found a picture of me breaking weed down on my ex gfs ass. goodnight. wtf 
 the area just north of grand central smells like pizza and weed
 all the public buses here advertise weedmaps
 kamille almost flipped us at camp olympia and i flipped while at lake sommerville. yall my hair smelled like soggy weed
 on the dangers of marijuana. 
 its 420 in raymond  united states. reefer madness
 i lost track of time so used sky use no watch so i got use ur time lapse in ur weed i use musicdrops as silence is clocks n music cookoo
 were in paneraampzhion said im gonna smoke weed everyday im dying my mom snatched him up so fast this boy is getting his ass beat in panera
 not sure who wins for customer of the night... guy pouring cashews down his throat while at my counter or second hand smoke man 
 i am so hungry but i wont to smoke 
 need weed in el paso sos
 i smoked some in da club that will leave him wit close eyes geeked
 can i smoke in here no can i please smoke in here no
 fuck ice cream i smoke weed nigga kb
 @saltyannebonney @abc @realdonaldtrump are they entitled to free marijuana too
 regrann from @jazzungang    @rocmarci no smoke ft @pirateknowledge amp @e2wink13 prod by 
 me hahha drake just said she fucked like a granny mom quit cussing you weed smokin ass hoe
 want to start a blog about weed but i would feel its over done or like get high and talk feminism but like nah jobs but why not its 2017
 told carol i didnt like the movie smoke signals amp she says  what are you even native thats like against our religion
 smoke my weed   drink my water   mind my dam business  out the way in my own lane 
 niggas die everyday  smoke yuh splif  
 @michaell0302 yes.  right now govt gives research grants and allowances. theyve known weed and hemp are harmless for ages  but threatens...
 @notaskeleton @deggisfox what no budget for smokes and beer
 yo if you tryna smoke some pot tommorow wit ya boi hmuuuuuu 
 if 1 of my brothers get smoked in front of me   god wont be able to stop wat ima do and i wont be in a right mind to be on twitter
 @clintsmithiii @saraherib same with decrim  legalization of reefer at least for now.....
 @hightimesmag  who will be the first company brand to make pain pallid out of weed  real  med  still  or weed shots  for cancer
 im a sip until i feel it  im a smoke it til its done
 6.5 mil floridians voted for med marijuana amp prohibitionist @isayray says ban toking amp edibles 
 ignorant strawman arguments by ag sessions suggest the weed crackdown is coming  amp it will increase violence while 
 brave little toaster wont spy on you  but hell smoke all your weed kellyannemicrowave 
 if @realdonaldtrump cares about our opiate problem he needs to read this amp support medical marijuana legalizeit 
 hold up yall imma do the numbers bouta smoke right fast 
 this is a place we go when we are in oregon for great cannabis. sweettreefatms 
 dude. oregon has no taxes  weed is legal  they dont charge for grocery bags  and gas station employees pump your gas for you.
 just because you smoke weed and have tattoos it doesnt make you a model  girlsfromhs
 the use of cannabis can be dated back to 2000 bc when the ancient central and south asian 
 just smoke my depression away .
 lean weed cupcakes
 one more smoke and whiskey because there will be no healthcare by the time im 35 and i might as well die fast and cheap.
 mypirateorshipname @mseric s ships name would be the ss cannabis 
 i need some weed in el paso. where da man at 
 my mom always asks about marcello  she once confessed she loves him even though he smokes weed
 @ texas  please legalize marijuana. i would like to sleep without taking pills that cause me to attempt to hurtkill myself in my sleep. 
 guy at bar asks me and amber if we smoke weed amanda yes we smoke weed
 shakes weed grinds my gears 
 emerging interest from the research community for a wider variety of marijuana and marijuana products 
 @thetrumpparty hallelujah  ths sounds good however its still os irs o will b cleared irs murkyiest swamp ever drain it weed it replace
 staysafe smoke pot instead
 sounds like you may need a bottle and a pack of smokes lil lady.. 
 hey i dont even mind ice fishing just prefer shots n weed for cold n dress warm lol n music in ears as all b cool
 @nbcnews dearmrpresident great job.100 behind u. start the wall.  make a positive comment on med marijuana. allow mail order canada drugs.
 why the fuck are we not investing in hemp products in america
 shoutout to everyone supporting the legalization cannabis movement 
 they growing free weed out there in north cali boi
 i smoke my weed make my art n mind my business
 amp 9 out of 10 smokers start using before the age of 18  so big tobacco makes sure to make products that appeal to 
 @realdonaldtrump let the states determine their own cannabis laws. tax revenues federally. alcohol kills  marijuana 
 @katebolduan weekday do you mean  its how you sell it  heath care for us isnt a cell ph plan smoke shouldnt be blown up our arse bs
 so  you cant smoke cigarettes in a public building  but you can smoke pot 
 we @dcmj2014 are creating a political price in the public eye for opposing marijuana. reschedule420 42417 
 come through and turn up smoke 1 pour up  sxsw2017 squadup2k17 
 i guess what they say about the weed in california is true 
 @afoodgypsy @cbctoronto preparing for legalized weed sales  with more street presence perhaps 
 i think i might die from all this secondhand smoke
 baby the weed lit  lemme take you on this trip
 if i give u weed to roll up in my bill please return the bill  yall always get me
 my mom marijuana is illegal isnt allowed in the house and shouldnt be smoked  my dad i smoked weed 1928 idgaf  blaze ill get the chips
 blow smoke out of somebody elses 
 engine 3 responding ma to north reading for box  employees on scene reporting smoke in the building
 government is using hemp to study the medicinal benefits of marijuana.  
 @braddjaffy @realdonaldtrump @potus44 now trump is trying to take it all back amp staff is trying to cover it up. proof went up in smoke.
 the government smokes mid
 the weed we copped for this drive to miami .. hittin yo
 watching kyle smoke cigarettes is funny.
 just found an article in which researchers tested 7 different methods of rolling up to see which produces the more potent smoke
 thats why researchers cant find any medical use for weed because they give this bullshit to them 
 government weed  
 cbo numbers are off trump said all will have care. numbers of how many wont have care are a smokescreen.
 us govt smokes mids. 
 this. this right here is why im ok with trump  even though i didnt vote for him. ignore the weeds of social issue 
 beautifulmoments curated via @joesdaily  the smoked old fashioned from the @milestonehotel 
 remember  dont leave weed in the mailbox
 why are guns ok but weed isnt
 judge me if you please but marijuana should be legal everywhere. its that great.
 y cant our government scientists grow weed
 @presssec fact check on other products you arent able to buy across state lines but should 2 come to mind  marijuana and guns.   
 smoke my weed mind my business
 the number of ppl that smoke weed grow everyday just legalize that shit already
 ive had so much on my mind lately  i been in the mood to just smoke some weed and talk about real things.
 over 24 inches so far from blizzard2017 stellablizzard here in ny.  my poor smokers 
 i forgot im about to be in north carolina next week  lol who got weed in charlotte
 the dangers smokeless tobacco has on your oral health 
 your wcw smokes government issued shwag. not even hi mids   
 dat righteous anger is hittin me today. holy smokes.
 you weirdos smoking government marijuana concern me 
 when i smoke amp someone asks you good  my mind 
 a wolf stops for a smoke at frozendeadguydays in the beautiful town of nederland @ frozen dead 
 @lollapalooza @redbulltv holy smokes. its snowing like a mother fucker right now in chicago 
 the government can track our moves but they cant grow weed theyre a failure 
 every part of me wants to die or smoke weed right now 
 the government smokes mids 
 do ecigs have promise to help smokers quit yes. but what is vape industry doing to prevent youth from starting smoking thr2017
 @cityoftracy ca law states no marijuana within 1000ft of school. tracy pd dispatch told me its legal. whats the s 
 argues sen court this is a pretty huge potential shift in the marijuana business in colorado. would allow rec sellers to go medical
 medical marijuana is a life and death issue. the longer conservatives delay legalization  the more people become fa 
  nah yo i know successful ass women that smoke weed. 
 @jhara21 haha bruh said he smelled marijuana. we was scraight tho
 you cant invite someone to smoke and then ask them if they got annies .. doesnt work like that. no boi.
 how are mirrors real if our eyes arent real jaden pot smoke philosopher eye quint bad actor smith
 today consisted of junk food  movies and weed stellablizzard
 well @raininpari amp i going be lit on this 9hr trip  the uber said we could smoke.  we always make sure were accomodated no matter what
 reminding you on this topicaltuesday that we bring cannabis massage directly to your home  hotel  business or even 
 fuck marijuana we need to legalize open containers and no last call
  @ weed  california 
 aside from these being two different things  what is the difference between medical and government weed or is this 
 human health connection california can require a cancer warning label on roundup weed killer  judge rules 
 if you depending on me to smoke kill yo self
 i smoke that gas you smoke that mid
 please name a time where kb hasnt fallen asleep when you smoke w him
 picture of a pyrocumulonimbus cloud caused by smoke from wildfires in southern oregon 
 what congress say cia marijuana congress inmates roll up shkute over
 justin wants to legalize marijuana after 2 years of pointless research and crony committee talk. meanwhile drug raids are clogging our 12
 beer is ok but not all that so i really wouldnt care about the beer industry losing money if more states legalize marijuana
 @devmarker1313 watch weeds
 cutest puppy ever  @ smokey mountains north carolina 
 very smooth. hints of maple in the light smokey malt.... finnegans whistle 2017  photo
 when ur weed man smacks ur ass and makes you say yep daddy  
 @johnston985 as youre my go to smoke guy  what recipe did you use for the brisket. doing 2lbs of red for st. pats  plus 4 grey boiled.
 the government smokes reggie
 but imma smoke this shit and mind my business 
 unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer 
 aint nobody ever got sick or died from weed but watch when america legalize it and it starts getting manufactured bet weed catch a case.
 nah they just smoke it 
 bro theres so much open land in florida. once marijuana is legalized  its wrap.
 @netsematary yep  great background on what could come from it. she basically said theres smoke but cant locate the fire.
 unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer 
 these weed arguments about it being legal if everyone in congress just lit 1 fucking joint
 @realdonaldtrump i had to give up smoking weed last week  it was killing me  i didnt care til i realize that im responsible for myself  .
 pretty much ... weed makes me pretty happy 
 @donaldjtrumpjr @realdonaldtrump more smoke and mirrors. do you really think the public is that naive father and son criminals.
 outside of weed my favorite drug is weed 
 hahhaha im dysphoric and i want to smoke weed
 @curbsideart open to the public. say yes when they ask if you smoke. 21
 im about to smoke this concentrate and watch love jones...
 @bowtiebanda open to the public. say yes when they ask if you smoke. 21
 unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer 
 she likes to drink and smoke some doja
 drugmovies finding nemo instead of your weed @midnight
 always look through the smoke screen dstudentproductions dstudentclothing dstudentempire 
 smoke my weed and mind my business all 2017.
 i keep forgetting im in california ... it catches me off guard when i smell weed 
 blow weed smoke on my essay for good luck
 when im in da weeds 
 the weed of the west cant get enough research done on it wsws17
 smoking weed while studying. call it sparknotes
 i got a weed card today and the doctor spoke to me for less than 60 seconds. america is already great mother effers
 exactly more smoke and mirrors to detract from the real issues. 
 always look through the smoke screen dstudentproductions dstudentclothing dstudentempire 
 what you mean we got weed and lean... 
 hey is it gettin smokey in here 
 smoking weed tends to calm me
 nah i am just fucken high off weed 
 imma smoke this right now.  @ west central  spokane 
 deputies in greensboro  north carolina found 200 pounds of highgrade medical marijuana. 
 funny the more datelines that trump has to give to congress on his finding of facts. that he states more smoke and mirrors pops up.
 i could either smoke ah joint or even smoke ah joint. which one
 california can require monsanto to put a cancer warning label on roundup weed killer  judge rules 
 why weed is illegal right here 
 unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer 
 @realdonaldtrump @snoopdogg i guess snoop doggy is one of the stupidest people in the usa wont help nobody only wants to buy his weed idiot
 @3lwtv @realdonaldtrump the only thing snoop can open is a bag of weed
 ne lawmakers to hold medical marijuana legalization bill hearing 
 @mrmiddleparting the weed will ruin ur life
 hope overcome fear because of belief.  tap into your spiritual eye. dont fall for the carnal smoke screen. stay certain brohargrove
 lol trump smokes mid 
 snaphash is an augmentedreality weed doctor for your iphone  @thenextweb ar @bryanclark sxsw
 make sure ya weed actually gets you high. 
 unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer 
 unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer 
 posting illegal things isnt about not being funny its about it being public. smoke all the weed you want  those pictures can catch up.
 this am in house taxation poker amp pot. hb 578 to legalize blackjack amp hb 529 to tax medical marijuana mtpol mtleg
 unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer  via @nytimes 
 session says give me a break when addressing the loosening of marijuana laws in other states.  @cbs6 rva 
 this government weed give me a headache 
 if @potus was like @potus44 he would just have  irs look into @snoopdogg tax returns im sure hes not paying sale tax for his pot he smokes
 unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer   shit will kill you  your family and pets.
 @potus @snoopdogg hey trump  you need to smoke some weed and chill out cuz you are trippin yo
 emptied a cig and filled it with weed
 california can demand cancer risk warning on weedkiller roundup  judge rules 
 unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer  monsanto gmo health
 must read rt unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer  roundup
 @escondidoca please remove tall  weeds from vacant lot at 78 and birch ave. novisibilty
 meanwhile  in silicon valley  a startup founder drives his tesla to a medical marijuana dispensary 
 kickbuttsday tuscaloosa students spell out secondhand smoke kills w cups outside central high with 
 its ok  when this new drake album drops  ill have enough ex hating music and weed to be happy.
 ay @wizkhalifa would you smoke this  
 the new york times unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer. 
 looking for contacts among oregon state marijuana dispensary owners and growers. twitterverse  any help
 why would i want to be the reason pots legal in the state of north carolina if i need marijuana
 see clearly through the smoke screen  dstudentproductions dstudentclothing dstudentempire 
 the lyft of the medical marijuana industry
 i wish someone talked to me the way @wizkhalifa talks to his weed
 lets talk about drugs... marijuana... wait  why are all of you smiling right now 
 this lady legitimately told me that she only smokes a half a pack a day 
 lets get the med marijuana bill approved 
 weer maar even tanken. @ fort mojave smoke shop and gas in mohave valley  az 
 @attorneygeneral please review medical marijuana support within the doj amp us government.  medical marijuana is making great health strides.
 that government weed is just as bad as heroin 
 sad to hear that marijuana wrecked willie nelsons life. if he had just stayed off the pot he could have made somet 
 @tdvance yes  but employers cant inquire about a prior conviction for marijuana use until they have made a conditional offer of employment.
 @illuminaiae its bad because this just makes me want to move to a state where weed is legal sooner..
 @palaeosinensis @auroraswoods weed or at least cbd and thats obv illegal in most states. i can get oxy but damn me to hell if i want mjcandy
 wait so the government weed isnt the actual weed  have i been gettin finessed  
 @palaeosinensis honestly with how specialized weed has gotten there isnt much to worry about. my actual anxiety meds are worse.
 i bet @realdonaldtrump released them as smoke and mirror game.  pretend to be mad but he actually did it.  see his 
 befriend weed  it wont desert you or piss you off 
 trudeau okay with legalizing marijuana  cause him and his friends use it. legal heroin  which would actually save l 
 wow. im speechless. monsanto weed killer roundup faces new doubts on safety in unsealed documents 
 no dusty ass niggas outside the harold washington library i dont wanna buy some of ur dusty ass weed
 please  proceed to post about how much you smoke weed. im sure youre bosses would love to see 
 @cnn @mcuban he wont say no  but  if hes dumb enough to run  voters will say no in record numbers. shut up and smoke a weed
 @jeffsessions your out of your mind i am proof of medical marijuana benefits. need medical records name one fatality from thc you cant
 if youre not talking food  drake  weed  studying for midterms  games  or cuddling then refrain from talking to me this week because idc
 just lookin for someone to wack my weeds with 
 @readonaldtrump  i agree with your position on marijuana  but our post blow  but then your a troll  nuff said
 monsanto weed killer roundup faces new doubts on safety in unsealed documents 
 use to smoke joints and watch kill bill
 padron always makes a solid smoke and this 1926 natural no. 6 is no exception. 
 when chicks post power couple as their caption meanwhile shes a cna and he sells weed. 
 all i do is listen to music  smoke  drink coffee amp mind my business
 that weed help me so much on them lonely nights. roll one up please
 josh stay wit the good weed. 
 states with a medical marijuana law had about 1 700 fewer opioid painkiller fatal ods than would be expected. 
 should marijuana remain a schedule i substancehaving no medicinal uses and high risk for abuse you decide 
 @lazyvillain right you think theyd get it by now....at least brands like that help us weed out the fakes haha
 when you get invited to a kick nack but u dont smoke.... 
 californias traffic is why weed is legal
 heres a thought legalize marijuana for chronic pain. opiod abuse would be a non issue. big pharma amp their profits 
 this that weather make me wanna pull up to the playa with some tall cans and smoke on the shore minding my own business
 check out @livconsulting1 podcast cannabis business minds to learn whats new in cannabis and 
 all i ever do is smoke weed and school and work and watch csi and criminal minds
 if @blakeshelton was a sheriff in my town i would be committing a new crime every day...holy smokes this picture is 
 im eagerly awaiting one of these people to say that smoking weed will turn you into a gay  nazi school shooter.
 @jeffsessions brozay talk to @wizkhalifa you need a lesson on the magical wonders of the weed
 just legalize marijuana 
 smoke weed and mind everybody business
 i hate how teachers define weed as pot
 by really cracking down on marijuana. right @potus  
 tryna buy weed in the middle of a domestic dispute ltltltlt
 charlie daniels said you shouldnt smoke that dope  but damnit i cant help i love rollin stoned
 my dog has breast cancer. medical marijuana helps her
 i just want to smoke but i shouldnt 
 friendly reminder that @potus can help with the opioid crisis by legalizing medical marijuana. @ssdp @norml  
 monsanto weed killer roundup faces new doubts on safety in unsealed documents  monsanto
 i think its quite funny how someone is voted on hope squad but also is fake af  talks shy about people she hates  and smokes hella weed 
 its funny how you can vote someone on hope squad who talks shit about other students  is fake af  oh and smokes hella weed 
 niggas sell a quarter of some bunk weed and get to thinking they el chopo
 you niggas in the basement we just coolin in da attack all my niggas like smoke aint to fond of the static
 the weed the people episode on   workaholics
 haha hey i smoke weed throw attention at me
 i actually never filled the prescription. i have a high pain tolerance plus i smoke weed. its a long road  but i t 
 why do you smoke so my big ass dont end in jail for throat punching my employees
 secondhand weed
 jamaican mothers traditionally used marijuana tea to help relieve morning sickness and stress during pregnancy.
 @huffingtonpost dont forget to check the smoke detectors....trump has been blowing smoke since elected...surely th 
 here wit baby sis @ up in smoke hookah lounge 
 getting weed used to be so easy i fucking hate the state of louisiana
 peoplewhat do you like to do for fun mesmoke the ganja
 states rights unless its marijuana @cnn @realdonaldtrump @potus 
 no matter what.. weed will always be there for you 
 jeff sessions suggests a crackdown isnt coming for legal weed  via @huffpostpol
 i have to write a essay about people who smoke marijuana amp i got to b against it but i keep writin how im basically for it amp i keep erasing
 for those of you who arent stoners  ill smoke a bowl for you is equivalent to take a shot for me...and im a moron
 someone please slap this fuck. cannabis in all forms is great and healthier than all legal drugs. and  has benefits 
 student nite out with very promising future weed scientists wsws17
 it hurts my heart to turn down a smoke session bc i got a drug test tomorrow 
 daddy issues  cuban  self hatred  meme collector  anxiety  marijuana  and depending on the hour alcohol 
 30daymusicchallenge day 8 how bout an ode to weed one of my favorites from the beatles  
 u.s gov studying the mid pack..... this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 austin link upneed features amp weed
 this is why its easy to weed out real friends  am i right @drake
 i smoke enough that its in my budget with bills
 you can smoke that weed  you can sip that lean get highhhhhh 
 monsanto weed killer roundup faces new doubts on safety in unsealed documents 
 people ask me how i stay so positive despite being stricken with an incurable disorder i try to stay happy and positive that and the weed
 pcp is a schedule 2 drug and weed is schedule 1. that shit so ass backward.
 dont approach me on some lets chill and smoke shit..it should be can i please take u on a date and lets smoke after type shit
 vet with ptsd who protested in trenton  philly buys first ounce of legal weed 
 your main nigga smokes spliffs  get out my messagesyou cant smoke w me
  @ weed  california 
 key element of mtc weed killer a carcinogen  european agency says  bs law  logic  science  cannot prove a negative.
 science cannot prove a negative. key element of monsanto weed killer not a carcinogen  european agency says 
 @yukon57 monsanto weed killer roundup faces new doubts on safety in unsealed documents 
 ok good now do something about legalizing marijuana and get our state out of debt and help our vets schools and hom 
 bill to legalize marijuana introduced in west virginia  via @nbc4i legalize marijuana in wv its a herb
 monsanto weed killer roundup faces new doubts on safety in unsealed documents 
 if the government cant even grow good weed for medical research how can they be capable of running health care sys 
 shouts out to marijuana for helping to drive my rediscovered creative and academic passion. it helps to shut up my depression and anxiety
 @glogrip  shid . you gone smoke one with me mane im doing bad
 @repbarbaralee jokes on the folks who voted for trump. sessions wants to take away their weed. watch opiod addiction skyrocket.
 @rb4444 @rdubthree there are no coverup facts about marijuana... we have learned alot. and that its beneficial
 conservatives sure love states rights until a liberal state legalizes weed
 sounds like a medical benefit to me.  patrick stewart using cannabis for his arthritis  via @pagesix
 lets hope so since some people may not be able to afford some meds medical marijuana is a option 
 @theview its a smoke screen what about bannon that has no permanent address amp can ghost vote in several different states
 dab bar amp presentations  then 420 social on the back patio @ southern california cannabis 
 now is monsantos weedkiller roundup safe w @jeremyhpm
 patrick stewart says he uses cannabis products daily to help relieve arthritis pain. 
 @onpointradio medieval grains grew 6 and taller  outgrowing weeds to reach the sunlight and using the weeds bulk to resist wind damage.
 @louisianagov is part of that criminal justice reform legal use and regulation of cannabis because it should be. states are prospering
 @paulchaloner yeah  esports talks too much. smoke and mirrors  baby 
 @realdonaldtrump 100 million americans suffer some form of chronic pain 10 million need strong pain meds to bathe. medical marijuana needed
 @realdonaldtrump medical cannabis is here and it works. why is ag sessions willing to take away a new drug that saves lives  please help us
 ill be there. will you dont miss this unique amp inspiring craft cannabis event in beautiful malibu  california. 
 @luke24740 @inappalachia @wvpublic  years to recover from generations of preobama exploitation. some folks think marijuana is our cah. you
 @paktusa @nbcnews im not breaking any law  because i dont smoke it or eat it. now whos the condescending bitch
 you ever wonder why medical marijuana isnt federally legal but xans percs and other big addicting drugs are
 mainly because if medical marijuana became legal almost big drug companies would go out of business. those drugs arent meant to cure you
 smoke your weed an mind your business 
 and no i dont smoke weed  i am pretty high on common sense though. @alexmartinez
 @realdonaldtrump we see thru your smoke amp mirrors
 recording soon funny weed charts amp latest polling on st patricks day. dont worrythe polls dont inhale or drink to get drunk.
 legal cannabis sales threaten liquor industry  via @liquor.com
 bouta smoke a facial amp buss it up wit my brother 
 i just smoke my weed amp mind my business
 @sfbart smoke smell possibly electrical in car 368.
 a security guard busted into my hotel room and took all my weed
 a security guard busted into my hotel room and took all my weed  scariest shit of my life.
 so... legalize this but not marijuana 
 i found da gas so now i feel like myself im out here sxsw smoke one wit me if u see me
 is marijuana an agonist that triggers alcoholism amp did i use agonist correctly 
 @barackobama hello mr. obama. now that you are a civilian  have you tried smoking marijuana you might give it a shot  24k strain.
 ya niggas smoke lil blunts maaannn   @kristinadiaz12 
 @jonkarl bravo for not letting @seanspicer talk around the questions. we need the media to keep pushing back on these trump smokescreens.
 when the smoke finally clears  perhaps someone in congress will have the balls to ask what happened. @davidcorndc
 field trip to the pot shop. seniors in their 80s arrive for a weed tour. free samples nearing end of your tour fi 
 @smithinamerica @cher then go home. roll a joint. smoke it. take your pistol  put it in your mouth and pull the trigger. nuff said 
 luna just licked weed off her nose
 this is muchneeded oxford researchers will undertake a 10 million study on the medical benefits of marijuana. 
 field trip to the pot shop. seniors in their 80s arrive for a weed tour. free samples nearing end of your tour fi 
 its 420  wheres my marijuana says my lovely mother
 she like to drink and smoke some doja
 imagine instead of a ice cream stuck  a marijuana truck
 where the weed at in philly 
 watch a priest  rabbi and atheist smoke weed and talk religion  via @huffpostweird
 vrs..a straight lie them ghost of the past toldinfact i admit my addictions drugs aint it tho i smoke weed use to do cocaine but its been
 no wonder they hate weed.. they smoke mid  
 @thefive hey ass @thejuanwilliams remeber this  an obama smokes you said nothing. @potus
 facts only.. smoke as you please but dont be dumb 
 people who smoke shouldnt have access to the internet 
 medical marijuana users lock your shit in your trunk its the law
 cupcake would smoke these losers 
 @dispensary613 when marijuana is legalized  will it change marketing for your business we wanna know what u think 
 @aloudernoise and that motorcycle of hers wowwwwww i needed a cigarette afterwards and i dont smoke.
 hit the weed and then take flight @ greensboro  north carolina 
 @sfbart tons of smoke on the tracks north of macarthur station whats up
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 massachusetts activists ask lawmakers to wait before making changes to cannabis laws  via @marijuanatimesx
 massachusetts activists ask lawmakers to wait before making changes to cannabis laws  via @marijuanatimesx
 @motherjones ignore this crap. its smoke to hide the dismantling of domestic programs and safety in the name of profits personal im sure
 jeff sessions just spoke candidly about marijuana and you wont like what he said @themotleyfool stocks  
 jump on a bike  run from the pit  smoking that gas you smoke that mid @liluzivert
 im trying to smoke a woody and then catch that logan movie though
 leaning towards less weed more lean 
 things ive learned today  dont smoke inside with the kids  vacuum the floor  my fire pit caused a wildfire  hunger  exercise
 @rezaaslan @jackobrien 7th day adventists will spread like wildfire in years to come. take that to your bookie and smoke it.
 c.r.e.a.m. bangerhangers afm midtownsmokeshop  we ship.  305.4384508 @ midtown smoke shop 
 wtf this that bullshit that interferes with the legalization of marijuana. gtfoh 
 basically turned down free weed who am i
 herb smoke cigarettes
 im decking someone in they shit if they blow bogie smoke on me. that shit is gross.
 stop sending me pictures of ya janky ass weed i do not give a fuck 
 if you smoke mid i will disrespect you  idc cause wtf are you doing srsly  ine even smoke mid my first time getting high 
 when your cousin get pulled over for weed but they just take his weed and give him a warning then you see him on fa 
 a rabbi  a priest  and an athiest smoke weed together.  look how happy they are @joerogan. what a horrible drug.
 @tafkasirthinks hey  send me money i promise i wont use it to buy weed.
 @laserbackground did you get weed yet though
 someone not from california hi cali native cowabunga dude  these    waves narly   smoke that  legal   gas   hollywood 310 
 im actually tryna smoke and vibe right now
 smoke weed  not tobacco
 @sodajones17 shot ta fuck up imbesil everyone at 24 goes out drinking. and do they thing ..u never smoke weed or drank..or pop a pill ashole
 bogie smokers  
 and i smoke a lot ah weed to keep dem bitches off my mind
 i keep finding weed in sierras hair
 hannity suggests judge who blocked muslim ban did weed and blow with obama in college 
 your wcw smokes with other niggas 
 oxford university to launch multimilliondollar medical marijuana research program  by @cnbc oxford medicalcannabis
 retweet if you want the government to keep their hands off our weed in legal weed states. 
 my airbnb hostyou mind if i smoke some pot  mesmoke the shit outta that pot
 vote  @realdonaldtrump  marijuanavoters  heroin  lsd  ectasy  ghb  mescaline are on the d.e.a.s schedule 1 drug list with marijuana
 just because weed is legalized in washington and oregon doesnt mean there has to be pot holes everywhere i drive
 @realdonaldtrump how do you feel about legalizing marijuana in all 52 states
 hb1034 passed medical marijuana license issues 
 good weed and positive vibes..is all all you can get from me ..
 @jackeeycx woman how do you not know these things  we can take ur cousin too. but just dont force her smoke weed.
 wyclef toussaint st jean  weed 4 sale  exclusive  everybody  reminisce on this luniz joint 
 or how i did not mind when you stole all my smokes
 @jeffsessions big govt picks and chooses which things they want state to govern.gender bathrooms state medical marijuana big government
 why trump probably wont crush the legal weed industry.  via @slate
 vet with ptsd who protested in trenton  philly buys first ounce of legal weed  via @phillydotcom
 a little early morning excitement at team hotel as we all evacuated due to a faulty smoke detector. marchmadness 
 mud flow like the nile  i smoke like its been a while.
 @speakerryan look at you weeding out the poor and old by causing their deaths. arent you some kind of special
 from the economist espresso pot shots trump takes aim at cannabis  
 also shouldnt have taken my ass to smoke this but here i am making matters worse 
 @joerogan you should look into getting @sirpatstew on the podcast. talk about weed and s
 how stoned were weed  
 @6549lmartin have at it... as we weed outvthe corrupt judges and policies.
 @tj423 vaping as much as i disapprove is a great way to atleast deal with the boredom part  so u dont actually smoke cigarettes
 to ease everyones stress @realdonaldtrump should just make marijuana legal
 idea that america will be a better place if marijuana is sold in every corner store  he said. and i am astonished to hear people suggest
 a distance ships smoke on the horizon
 theres a bluebird in my heart that wants to get out but i pour whiskey on him and inhale cigarette smoke  but i havent quite let him  die
 why my cat tried to steal my weed  guess she wants to cyph  
 need a woman who about her business and smoke is that too much to ask for
 thats why they call him ol smokey on the bridge 
 friendly reminder that weed is legal in california and im a medical patient soooo dont be petty yall
 he is all talk  smoke and mirrors. donny you are a failure. @realdonaldtrump 2 months in office and have accomplish 
 i told my teacher i was tired and he hit me with its all that weed you smoke sweetheart 
 wow this is smoke you cant ignore 
 ppl open ya eyes. dont just say oh why they cant legalize weed.they doing this cause it will slowly kill everyo 
 free your mind and smoke some weed
 what is influencer marketing and how can it help cannabis businesses @leafly  
 @nevadahemp supporting medical marijuana does not mean that is logically follows that it should be legalized for everyone.
 @nevadahemp supporting medical marijuana does not mean that it logically follows that it should be legalized for everyone.
 dumb criminal of the week suspect calls 911 to say they are only smoking weed  dumbcriminals
 41 days till my birthday and i would like unlimited supplies of weed  raspberry iced tea  and ice cream cookie sandwiches.
 sippin on cannabis juice wit no cookie to smoke it wit 
 the gov. should allow weed across the u.s. because scientist keep finding new ways for it to positively help you. mrshepherdag donowvoter
 all piper talks about is dick and weed
 i just wish i had one boo female to hangout wit   smoke wit   vibe wit   eat wit   do makeup wit   and take bomb pictures wit 
 @johnmorganesq i guess sessions doesnt acknowledge countless research to the contrary. if pfizer produces marijuana  hed change his tune
 .@joerogan should start a cannabis legalization coalition.  asap.  get @theurbangrower on your podcast to talk coalitionslegalization.
 see this is why weed should never be legal. poor stoned flamingo. 
 @uspshelp are your employees allowed to smoke in usps vehicles
 @mattyglesias respectfully  why do you consider the discussion of maines program unhinged also  this would be a great topic for the weeds
 my favorite clinic got raided and shut down  you will always be in my heart  up in smoke.
 @meltzvegas are we basically at the point it is legal to smoke pot on the strip
 smoke lady weed 
 tfw everything you knew about monsantos roundup weedkiller turns out to be true  ht 
 @realdonaldtrump they are told to do things they are not able to do  so they give marijuana to get them through the ordealgtas francekillergt
 @realdonaldtrump 1of france killers of 139 said in carhandcuffed they give us marijuana to detach so we can kill theynotnormallydo
 patrick stewart saying that he smokes all day everyday is not surprising pretty sure he and ian mckellen get stoned together
 when liberal women can no longer walk the streets half naked  have multiple sex partners  smoke  use drugs only the 
 having an argument @ 420 pm  about smoking weed in public venues
 when im sick all i do is sleep and smoke and ignore ppl
 @depresseddarth @actortrivia haha weed and drugs. too good
 @younqflexx @welldonemt he cant guard me he want no smoke
 student files complaint after mcmaster bars her from trip over medicinal marijuana 
 idc if you smoke pot. you lost your mother  its understandable.  @drake viewsfromthe6   marketing @daytimedon 
 @drake @daytimedon @workwthecoach @fellythekid @natgeo @logic301 @aaronpaul8 @bryancranston @snoopdogg   my brother smokes a lot. 
 these boys really broke into a zoo and made a flamingo smoke weed  til it died smh and people say weed isnt danger 
 @natgeo @fellythekid @workwthecoach @logic301 @neiltyson @chrisbrown   welp  guess i cant smoke. 420blazeit 
 watch a priest  rabbi and atheist smoke weed and talk religion  via @huffpostweird
 the stream media is beside theirselves because potus will not let them blow smoke up the american public publics rear end.  they are scared
 lean  not weed
  i updated my retail cannabis policy to be clearer and includes the facts on this drug with 
 georgia lawmakers have reached a compromise for medical marijuana  via @marijuanatimesx
 georgia lawmakers have reached a compromise for medical marijuana  via @marijuanatimesx
 @mixatheproducer  smoke weed ft @realcoolihighh outnow on @reverbnation amp youtube go get it 
 but they cant legalize weed  america is so fucking backwards 
 but weed shouldnt be 
 holy smokes what a run way to go lady rams rampride mshsl
 every1 is like star wars amp comics are my childhood amp im like  drunken adults  secondhand smoke  amp david lynch movies are my childhood
 happy st. patricks day from @volbaseball and your favorite mascot  smokey 
 pretty dumb move to give up a high paying job for some weed
  sean hannity suggested that obama did cocaine and smoked weed with the travelbanblocking hawaii judge
 all i got is good smoke and positive vibrations for ya
 @realdonaldtrump @republicanstudy @whitehouse i can smoke cigarettes amp die amp i can drink until amp die but i cant sm 
 smoke my weed  mind my business.
 vaping in the smoke room and this lady asks to borrow my lighter...... 
 i havent smoked weed in a while because id rather not go through teenage boys just to get stoned.   my mother
 .@tsegerblom bill would spark earlier rec. marijuana sales  but @govsandoval not a fan  
 wish i had a little lady to smoke this with. totheface
 the north shore smells like weed
 sgt. solt from @elmirapolice just confirmed one person did die in the fire. he said the upstairs was filled with smoke. @wenytv breaking
 it should be a thing that youre not allowed to smoke throughout the city of bend.
 things you only see in texas. not a weed eater @hydesmusic  but close. dontchainsawwithtexas @ 
 now a grass fire is producing heavy smoke on us 180 north of flagstaff. there are no travel restrictions at this t 
 dont be babysitting the weed 
 to the lady wearing the black beanie with cannabis leaves  im pretty sure those arent clovers but... 
 making a brine and planning out tomorrows schedule for the smoker. turns out sec football and mls fandoms are the same thing.
 in all reality the marijuana wont fix your broken heart  and neither will kissing strangers who are just as sick as you
 but in all reality the marijuana wont fix your broken heart  and neither will kissing strangers who are just as sick as you
 watch a priest  rabbi and atheist smoke weed and talk religion   via @huffpostweird
 all my demons smoke
 im convinced... majority of dudes cant hold a conversation anymore. they just try to smoke you up and then penetrate you.
 this is fckn stupid i dont give a fck what rogan says  weed is not a ped. overturning a fighters win for a  tes 
 now @foxnews seanhannity suggests that obama did cocaine  smoked weed with the travelbanblocking hawaii judge 
 a hirl who smokes is a big turn off dont @ me
 why do cocaine when u can do weed am i right
 @ratinthekitchen all smoke and mirrors. wont happen in a million years
 my manager invited me to smoke 2 butts w him tonight and its safe to say he likes me now 
 while u r grindin ur weed  im on that grind every day getting swol af amp when you hittin the bong  im hittin the gym studentathlete
 if you smoke cigs thats a deal breaker for me and total turn off.
 ride and smoke to clear my mind
 retweet  @realdonaldtrump view  amp support of medical marijuana at election . marijuanavoters   via @youtube
 @ericgreitens get medical marijuana into the state.. we may as well gain the revenue and medical science have a pretty good claim on usages
 lmao the government will literally legalize heroine before marijuana 
 three fighters pop for weed at ufc fight night 104  via @mmafighting  this is bogus  overturning wins to no contests
 a classic of the awkward school picture genre. choice of background a little odd though. 80s lasers and smoke not a 
 14 of the biggest questions researchers have about marijuana  
 i can only smoke at work so basically kill me
 breaking news stoners smoke weed in oregon.  story at 11. 
 release the criminals to make room for pot smokers in prison cmon trump make it so
 im just trying to smoke and deliver these pizzas uk weekendswagmoney lol jk
 @jeffsessions is wrong on medical marijuana. i watched a friend die over 2yrs amp while pot wouldnt have saved him it would make life easier
 monsanto roundup glyphosate weedkiller has been judged safe for public use by the european chemical agency echa 
 @toriuptown nah all it says is i like guns drugs and weed your assuming guns drugs and weed are for blacks therefore youre racist racist
 mac faces human rights complaint over medical marijuana  
 they are weeds. you well you are blue roses.
 i smoke some really big greens  i sip the whole 16
 medical marijuana may improve life quality in selected older patients but more research is needed fast paltc17 
 finding information on medical and recreational marijuana use is easy. 
 finding information on medical and recreational marijuana use is easy.  
 finding information on medical and recreational marijuana use is easy. 
 @classicglasses1 weed  sex and ice cream
 @sminobrown hadddd backwoods to smoke with you then they evacuated everyone  and i lost you  
 @meekstape when i was 12 i would call it pot of pot and i would call jar of greed the ingenious  jar of weed
 besides weed  how you gone improve yourself milliondollarquestion
 states that dont have legal weed make me uncomfortable
 im tryna take a road trip bro. with heavy dusse and smoke 
 then they taxin 1520 for gas to smoke like mid
 @hippieoflove. favorite cafe in negri jamaica note the warning about cigarette smoke in bottom right corner 
 if the beast can land belle  i got a pretty good shot at a total smoke for a wife.
 @mamajunebooboo kenya lookz like a blazt. lucky u 2 work out with him. good luck  ur doin great. mayb u should take up smokn weed 2 chill.
 @shanemcmahon i drove over there  to the childrens aid society  it was closed. @kingmarliedave to many dope smoker 
 @melissamarie1  hes a murderer  run he wants to kill you  grind you up  and smoke you
 @beachgarbage i watch that and cry on zero weeds
 i dont need to smoke weed to get stoned. im just naturally retarded.
 dont send me any type of food in the mail.. i get smoked for it.
 this is funny. marijuana is legal  but not so legal that politicians dont want to control it. 
 got these 2 spanish ladies next to me talking about weed   ya already know how thats going
 lt@n909gt this guy is traveling in oregon lt@n909gt and ran out of weed lt@n909gt so he comes to oregon lt@n909gt and asks us for some
 one thing i wont miss about working at exton beverage is 30 of customers i check out smell like smoke 
 @thedweck @wrstew5150 its one way to weed out illegals  yell ice and see who runs
 free smoke is  by drake
 drake spazzing on free smoke
 free smoke drake 
 free smoke @drake
 drake  free smoke 
 free smoke is top 10 drake
 free smoke by drake trash
 @sleepywyatt come smoke and briing yoki over before i leave  i leave on sundayyyyy
 baby cum smoke this wood wimmmme
 love this free smoke flow
 fuck weed  make cocaine legal
 free smoke song of da year 
 drake free smoke 
 free smoke is one of my favorite
 pretty sure the parents of the girl im babysitting  smoke weed. yasssss.
 drake  free smoke 
 drake snapped on free smoke 
 drake  free smoke
 the calm before the storm . bigg  time to go smoke @ the westin 
 free smoke @drake
 puffin cubans to drakes free smoke
 drake snapped on free smoke
 when cannabis businesses follow me i get more amp more inspired.
 free smoke by drake 
 @snoopdoggtruth yo dogg  you should stop smoking the weed your judgment is clouded you should be ashamed of yourself..you racist
 drake x free smoke 
 free smoke drake
 i just want to smoke and drake
 just like to smoke my weed n mind my business
 catch me leaving the function to smoke alone in the car. ty social anxiety lt3
 @drake x free smoke 
 colorado state smokes mids @ whiskey bent athens 
 free smoke drake
 who try smoke wit me 
 @sgt458 @ajbaldwin @anthonymazzola @mariocfulco @jesteva62755 no smoker today. been dehydrating beef and chicken jerky all day.
 take care number 5 and iyrtitl number 1 tho somethings wrong wit that guy and his whole list lol i need that smoke 
 free smoke @drake
 drake x free smoke 
 should cannabis be legalized
 @celiapienkosz tomorrow is your day. show the fam the door to the reefer. all good. i understand your disappointment though 
 lord drake killin nxggas on dat free smoke..
 just saying drake shouted me out  in free smoke
 who singing on drake free smoke 
 drake with the quick warriors references right out the gate on free smoke. 
 this the garbage stuff the u.s. government grows as medicinal cannabis. good god. 
 can we talk about the fact that my mother would rather have me drink a roofied drink than smoke laced weed.
 bout to smoke some woods sip on my dirty and slap this new drake
 drake  free smoke 
 i love oregons weed industry. we have a strain named after our governor lol
 nowplaying free smoke by drake  
 drake  free smoke
 drake snapped on free smoke 
 snoopdog is really a weed raged want to be killer coward. somebody needs to bang his nasty mouth and stop his bad 
 they should legalize weed.
 psa when you in the whip and free smoke come on dont talk  @drake   praying on this joint
 free smoke has to be one of my favorite songs now
 free smoke by drake 
 @autumnmitchh drake playing free smoke  blem and no long talk in concert 
 free smoke is vintage drizzy 
 sis say i got my gun we cant smoke in here 
 free smoke x drake 
 just out of curiosity  what kind of weed is your favorite
 dangggg drake has so many features on this album tho  reeled me in with nai palm on free smoke
 drake  free smoke 
 some blocked number called me and left me a voice mail saying quit wasting weed you fat whore wont call from their real number tho.pussys
 one great feature about having friends that smoke is that they leave lighters in your car haha
 psa smoke a bowl and listen to otis redding and magic happens
 drake  free smoke gtgtgt
 @312darius yep. free smoke is that song. that jamaican hollister music shit wack though. and giggs whoever that is never needs to rap again
 imma say this drake is def a sponge of all lingo swag flow etc.....free smoke  bruh wha
 @extendedstay if i wasnt so tired i would leave  whole hotel smells like weed. unacceptable.
 chip on his shoulder rapping drake is the most authentic drake  not the best drake  debatable hes the most fun got free smoke on repeat
 my only tattoo is a cannabis leaf over my heart. staylifted
 @tommydispensa that shit is visible through smoke though  why would you want to use it
 strategically lighting this weed to get high af off one bowl wish me luck
 free smoke @drake
 hot dam drizzy free smoke  
 the weeds for the brains the hennys for the pain i replaced my soul with cocaine  hole in my heart can only be filled with chains
 nowplaying free smoke by drake in @tidalhifi 
 i smoke my weed and mind my business
 why drake gotta pronounce smoke like its spelled schmoke
 fye da weed up
  pretty  pretty  pretty lady yells guy on his bike to me and the smell of weed is overwhelming  not sure that i can trust his judgment .
 im such a lightweight too like i can smoke alll day long but one shot and  ill feel sick 
 free smoke my favorite
 larry da reason ant smoke funnel if ya kno da streets foreal
 for real though marijuana is not addicting but you can become dependent on it and anyone who says you cant doesnt smoke loud loud
 not the type you take home to ya daddy im the type you call when you wanna smoke a fatty .
  love mi ganja ladies dem  junglegod stonergang @ tha core studio 
 you jizzed in my towel and smoked all of my cigarettes
 drake x free smoke gt
 free smoke drake is the drake i like
 drake x kmt drake x ice melts drake x sacrifices  drake x no long talk drake x free smoke  drake x portland 
 drakes flow on free smoke is just 
 drake sampled hiatus kaiyote on free smoke i knew it
 @potus @blakelybrenda1 please dont let sessions attack legal marijuana used for medical millions of veterans depend on it
 hot take free smoke is drakes best intro.
 lets smoke texts are my favorite. 
 drake snapped free smoke 
 positive vibes only... and weed... and money.
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 sandiegocounty board of supervisors voted to ban all marijuana businesses in unincorporated areas this week. 
 im a petite person  my mentabolism is fast asf amp i smoke hella weed so of course imma be skinny no matter how much i eat 
 free smoke in my drake voice
 free smoke  @drake
 border patrol smells our weed  asks us if we are taking any back  we say nah and they still let us through
 @highimsleazy funny cause i dont smoke
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 ruby da cherry if smoking weed gets you high then why not go down on a bitch when shes rolling the pine  me pu 
 and now the thrilling motorcycle escape from the smoke and dust mines of nairomi
 someone should smoke me out perhaps
 roundup weed killer deemed a carcinogen  at least in california | mnn  mother nature network 
 filled the compost bin today  not even halfway done weeding the backyard.
 im not even a strip club person   i could caeless i would rather smoke and invite some females over
 drake free smoke 
 drake x free smoke 
 maybe weed can fix me
 @thehill my bucket list 1. to see that smirk wiped off the face of @speakerryan  2. to get my neighbor to deal with his weeds.
 @gercohen @janestancill @oldpolhack i cant picture what it would have looked like because of all cigarette smoke in the air.
 bro i needa pu when i get in town smoke a niceee fatty .
 wildfire smoke over boulder visible from lakevalleygc  waytooearlyforfireseason @ lake valley 
 medical marijuana is so miss used ebdthc is a joke when its used maliciously
 i saw 2 confederate flags in a rural oregon town  then moseyed a few blocks over amp smoked a joint in the woods. getting me off task is tough
 a blunt would be life right now....... if i smoked  that is 
 im forcing myself to finish my work by telling myself im not allowed to smoke any of this weed until i do. its working pretty well tbh
 @jessesingal noshe smoked illegal weed in the united states of america.
 drake killed free smoke
 @mmesanfran2 thats funny . help marijuana and trump in one sentence.hahaha
 seriously lets take trips and smoke zips 
  stick to the weed herbs big fella 
 portland  ice melts  free smoke 
 free smoke  drake  more life   
 happy birthday to my homie ily a lot  @ ryguys smokestack 
 free smoke by drake bumpsss
 i got weed killer on my junk on accident
 in indiana we can legally smoke tobacco but not marijuana. in california  we can legally smoke marijuana but not tobacco.  aight
 drake  free smoke 
 wilson led south carolina vs. asu with 18 points11 rebounds ... now departed guards hempen  davis combined for 22 for asu
 @mckenzieenelson hey dont say that  ganja does funny things 
 ima smoke a bowl lock myself in my room and listen to the new drake.. mainly cuz of the production though
 mid not weed mid 
 before i smoke some huff  i wont smoke nothing.
 has anyone even seen drake smoke hahahaha
 regrann from @mstoithatreal    ms.toia  lot  of  weed produced by jpad da juggernaut 
 having prayer and smoke sessions getting my mind right and my life with more blessings
 someone smoke wit me 
 why marijuana legalization could mean more workplace scrutiny for employees 
 if you smoke weed cool  but dont send me pictures of your bong and you taking sick tokes. i do not care.
 smoking i dont mind because i smoke too amp drinking i hate because he has prior problems with his liver which scare 
 anyone elses nose gets runny when they smoke 
 its a step forward for sure to acknowledge it but i think his treatment methods of weed and prayer are the same me 
 @realdonaldtrump youre not going to create jobs in america unless you legalize marijuana.
 how you invite someone over to match when you dont have weed bitchh
 everyone is too good for that free smoke now a days @kimpossible4 @drake
 wheres this bus i have drugs to smoke and zombies to watch.
 so what is that song that drake sampled on free smoke
 free smoke  drake
 im the smoke blown off the gun
 marijuana doesnt ruin peoples lives  corrupt politicians do successful lawyers  doctors etc  smoke herb  are they bad too @jeffsessions
 fuckyou2017 wow  sorry  kids. all i seem to have lost is my mind. the legal cannabis helps  so i will struggle on. good luck.
 the fact that texas hadnt legalized medicinal  let alone recreational marijuana blew his mind he could barely collect his thoughts
 free smoke  drake
 what if marijuana is legal in your state what if you have cancer and a prescription everything is a states right 
 some of the best musicians in town and me @ smoke bbq 
 imma sip it til i feel it  imma smoke it til its done. @ bushwick 
 mother marijuana and me
 i ws gonna smoke the marijuana like a cigarette is the fucking funniest thing in the united states of america
 but like who wants to smoke wit me no funny
 haha smoke the only thing im smoking is these sausages
 what if weed is legal in that state 
 when youre at work and a customer randomly gives you a jar of weed 
 drake spazzed on free smoke
 drizzy x free smoke
 and in dubai weed is illegal as fuck lmao so in california he can get pretty stoned with us so its a fun time when we hang .
 .@carriehodousek @shaunajwv today public hearing on abortion bill  medical marijuana bill now brewing in senate  f 
 @drake dude if you actually wrote free smoke youre a cold blooded killer
 legal hemp globaljd hemp  inc. to grow 3 000 acres of industrial hemp in north carolina in 2017  via @mjheadlinenews
 legal hemp globaljd hemp  inc. to grow 3 000 acres of industrial hemp in north carolina in 2017  via @mjheadlinenews
 another stab at medical marijuana may be coming in the state senate. 
 first day back from vacation. of course the 79bus reeks of weed. i missed you philly  420am septa @septasocial
 producers  pharmacists worry taxing medical marijuana will hurt the program should we tax medical marijuana 
 free smoke no tobacco
 the transition from free smoke to no long talk is too sick its actually perfect @drake good job bro 
 @realdonaldtrump trump is a distraction from our repatations case against america dont focus on the smoke and mirrkrs ignore him.
 @roverradio give it up rover. this guy smoked you and you wont let go just like you attack trump for.
 drake x free smoke
 only thing on my mind right now is this weed thats waiting for me in my car
 @cwedding1  he wont die he will go up in smoke like the antichrist he is.
 incb closes 60th session with call for proportionality and condemnation of marijuana legalization 
  facts  the pre smoke   smoke is real  
 @bikeviewca @hansonthebike sounds more fun that more weeds.
 literally everyone smokes in this state.
 1st great law trump has passed.making drug test mandatory if youre on  shouldnt get free money to spend it on weed
 i also got free weed off da block today  im blessed 
 likes to drink and smoke some doja
 drake free smoke
 free smoke x drake has a good beat
 passionfruit x drake get it together x drake free smoke x drake
 me  they said ppl been getting popped in our smoke spot  aimee wym nigga they got shot   
 your mcmstill make you buy weed
 drake free smoke 
 3 and these finding will eventually be public and the smokemirrorslies @realdonaldtrump is doing to try and distract will eventually fail
 when you think about it  poppies are basically pretty weeds. 
 @aynrandpaulryan @realdonaldtrump the smoke is your brain you skulls of mush. put it in your pipe and smoke with your buddy soros.
 the fact that this nigga used to smoke me out ltltltltltltltltlt 
 well stated   @realdonaldtrump is smoke and mirrors 
 drizzy fucking drake. free smoke
 its pretty trippy seeing wildfire smoke at work
 free smoke and lose you so fire  meek might just have to ignore the fact that he gettin dissed up there 
 20170414 grand rapids  mi  united states smoke amp mirrors  
 @breadmasterlee at least perhaps some games being m rated might weed out the poor poor penniless mightywhiny teens amp tweens...
 nah  i mean its cool of them to acknowledge the fact that you do it but to smoke with them is disrespectful asf to 
 oxford university to launch multimillion dollar cannabis research project  cannabis business times 
 oxford university to launch multimillion dollar cannabis research project  cannabis business times 
 @bmcmoney14 happpy gday smokey shoutout 2 @mcveigh3 for the picture  
 smoke your own weed and mind your own business 
 the kremlin just sound like some mofuckas you dont want smoke wit
 would you drink wit a nigga do you smoke weed dont be ashamed i use to blow trees
 philly lyft driver last night let us smoke pot in the car and took us to one more for last call before taking us home  mvpdave 
 trump even got woody harrelson quitting weed 
 @sinsemillaplug theonlywayweedcankillyouis it were fashioned into hemp rope and used to hang you. theres another one...
 drake done dissed everyone in free smoke
 want to smoke some doja and get toppt b4 work @ 430
 hey @dougbenson can i please be on your show i just want to smoke with you. i can be the random background guy whos always high.
 i am a blind musician from north carolina and i want to smoke with willie nelson at least once in my lifetime 
 this. is. awesome. smoke and mirrors in real time. @realdonaldtrump you sir are in fact an idiot. 
 pusha man or smoke again  
 i guess they ask you if you spoke weed at the doctors now 
 i need to get into the weed business
 the intro to free smoke x drake 
 meanwhile theres weed residue in your hand  
 20170414 grand rapids  mi  united states smoke amp mirrors  
 this bill seeks to enable indoor use of marijuana  concludes ours of the american cancer society. says secondhand pot smoke is dangerous
 can i smoke with a retainer in or nah
 @foxnews   @tgowdysc  the fire isnt the problem here.  its the smoke alarm that needs to be investigated
 mind ya mothafuckin business and let a thug smoke
 so i told my mom ima start slanging weed and bars and maybe even coke   amp she took it pretty well  gotta make that money juggin
 @keemstar weed
 why are you trying to sell i300 to the state most colorado consumers want to  smoke. let the  business owner decide  @csederberg
 im in here listening to these white women talk about maximizing profit by working with marijuana.
 free smoke. for all these boys out here showing disrespect.
 want to add marijuana to your homemade chocolatenut spread heres a recipe 
 @bandaidknees my hope for you is that the medical marijuana helps you be more independent because i know that is one thing you really want.
 @weloverobdyrdek @andreaesg holyyy smokesss haha
 its not something we linger on too much here  however you would not believe some of the weed test results we see. all meds should be clean.
 james buys me makeup and listens to all my whiny boughts  so i buy him smokes amp candy and watch lucha underground with him. give amp take.
 man drake  free smoke is my favorite song
 might break weed sobriety to get stoned and watch coraline
 lets smoke pot  student athlete 
 if one more person asks to bum a smoke im going to shove it up their nose
 @realdonaldtrump hell no  not true.  your stupid allegations to create a smoke screen are stupid we have figured you out. terrible
 .@facciabrut @senschumer no  we dont eat grass  we smoke it in america we are free to ignore laws  from the president down 2 the homeless.
 drake bit @johnibe flow from the song envy on free smoke. stay woke
 go to sdf when @realdonaldtrump is in town. yeah  sounds great. i smoke way too much weed for this.
 @joenbc haha you cant comment on star wars today. you got smoked today
 nah ill smoke it myself
 kids must learn how damaging the weed drug is it makes you jump off the wtc  and they should use responsible drugs like oxy
 still more evidence that the united states cannot afford marijuana legalization. 
 i laughed wit you  i smoked gas wit you 
 where you ladies at my boy vinny ready to smoke you @tylerrich14 @rennytrill
 if youre a reputable hooper amp arent pussy  come get smoke
 more life may be trash but free smoke and ice melts are both bangers. dont sleep
 you know what angers me the fact that tennessee wont legalize medical marijuana.
 told you not to smoke the asbestos 
 seriously though the adult industry is a great business to be in. vape and smoke is also progressing. its cool.
 i feel sad as fuck and i have no one to talk to so im going to smoke my heart away an original poem by me
 my dad was so close to finding my weed just now. i almost had a heart attack he wont be mad i just dont want a fucking lecture right now.
 my mind be so clouded and weed just be taking me to new places 
 live life take trips smoke weed . 
 i wanna be the generation that legalized weed and makes cigarettes illegal then we can really help cure cancer
 help me i need weed please
 fake smoke @realdonaldtrump @speakerryan @gop @nickiminaj @realremyma @lilyachty @drake @meekmill nerdswag 
 also  read @paigexfry s story about state bill that would fund @uf medical marijuana research. 
 where the weed at in louisiana fuck
 @potus all a smoke screen to deter the people from finding out the real truth.
 i smoke ah lotta weed to keep dem bitches off my mind
 the song drake sampled at the beginning of free smoke so fire  
 he may smoke but at least he wears a helmet.
 drizzy and weed 
 @wethinkfreely matcha weed water ice with a coconut rice ball at the bottom would make my lifeee
 nini wont come smoke with me
 drake x free smoke
 our son is 9 today . . .  seems like just yesterday we taught him about daddys medicine  uses and benefits of cannabis. cannabisfamilies
 you aint invited to my smoke out
 im wit all the smoke
 i want all da smoke   we want all da smoke freesmoke
 doctors answer please is weed and or medical marijuana bad for asthma
 you may be a stoner if  the smell of drier sheets makes you want to smoke.
 @latimes now  woody smokes crack
 oomf said im too pretty to smoke  it melted my heart but i told him  its no such thing.
 little girl tells her teacher about lots of weed at her house  dad clears up the confusion  via @reshareworthy
 heard on the radio that ohio legalizing weed in may
 main reason i cant fw drake is cuz in 6 god he admits he smokes swishers
 i smoked a doob with @doedoobs in philly. scratches it off bucket list
 @erniebochjr and @greghillwaaf my bestie is a total smokeshow @belindaoox she would kill a bikini  contest
 please to asking me to smoke a pote with you  answer will always be the same ..
 drake x free smoke 
 @potus i have a reasonable question. are you  legally  allowed to smoke marijuana i have it in my mind that you already negotiated it.
 pen and paper have given me a more  potent high than any drug i can sip or smoke on worldpoetryday
 @politico let bannon know to lay off the coke  meth or weed bc there is no deep state bc we allow our govt to be corrupt in public sadly
 im tryna reach the point in my rapmusic industry career where i travel with my pet monkey stanley and smoke exotic strains of weed
 legalize the recreational use of cannabis in all 50 states
 research at acc.17 showed that marijuana increases risk for heart failure  stroke via @cardiobusiness @accintouch 
 @wizkhalifa can you send some weed please
 if so buy this so i can type papers and smoke 
 @drmartyfox  comey  another corrupt person god help america we pray  u will weed america from all corruption n the name of your son jesus
 @beaupinto he said its the intention  but then reaffirms we have committed to controlling amp regulating marijuana. intention vs committment
 how is u.k. weed
 coloradosprings come fuck with ya boi at the gardenofthegods come network  smoke  chill  and talk shit chillzhq
 a text my boss sent me after stepping outside to smoker after doing literally all of those things. 
 pull up on us...come smoke wit me @ da booth  sticksquad @ mountain house bar amp grill 
 the restaurant industry do cocaine like its weed
 i understand using ecigarettes as a stop smoking method but i cant understand grownass adults whove never smoked who take up vaping.
 2 guys smoking joints on the el cerrito plaza @sfbart platform. 2 joint smokers ah ah ah ah 
 nah im bluffin  shit run... free smoke  
 portland amp free smoke are the hardest songs on more life. you drake fans be gassin 
 filming for our documentary about prescription drug abuse. marijuana is a healthier alternative 
 drake came so correct on free smoke 
 the only thing that sucks about el paso is that its so hard to smoke weed out here
 my history teacher just said when weed is legalized well all be high and itll be great 
 this should be exceptionally popular in the states w legalized marijuana  
 drake free smoke is a banger
 he would not be allowed to smoke with me anymore 
 @tequ1n @matheusfaria13 fuck a bill  fuck a bitch  fuck a benz lets toast till we die roll up the weed and blow the smoke in the sky
 who got weed in the valley
 i smoke corrupt cabbage like everyday
 my ex tryna text me.. boy im breaking up my weed... talk soon
 5 mins into smoke and chill and your ex calls to say you are not the father freesmoke 
 battle born politics is back apr 5 with @tsegerblom  @jilltolles and @willhadler to talk marijuana. 
 i like pretty women who smoke dope
 hearing would discuss recreational use of marijuana for adults in ct  via @wfsbnews connecticut politics cannabis
 public schools need to be shut down and privatized. competition will weed out the loser teachers. open to all. 
   imagine that we could balance the budget with legalized weed. we should all be hemp cannabis farmers.
 i smoke weed and mind my business 
 legalize marijuana for our vetrans and the right to the use of herbs bye god n wbh
 when someone asks if you smoke amp you say smoke what 
 new business ordinance 201705 medical marijuana dispensaries zoning  conditional use in professional amp c3 hwy commercial zoning districts
 comm perez is voting against this as he is against marijuana  doesnt matter where it is.
 so tired of wildfires smoke filled air once again in morganton. ncwx ncwildfires needrain 
 minus the smoke part  
 where da weed man at
 @gstephanopoulos @wrightups @thisweekabc  bull shit smoke and mirrors.
 if you catch me when i dont smoke weed its not a nice meriam
 @kingsislandpr hmmmmm.... a locally hand crafted @brewcitybrats would make a great addition to your new smokehouse menu  want some info
 please tell me why some random ass man just drove up beside me going down the road and asked if i wanted any weed
 woody harrelson gives up marijuana after 30 solid years 
 my poor mother bragging about how she thinks i dont smoke weed to her friends 
 @sharonrosey98  everytime i smoke with you i always end up crying while listening to usher  
 smelled hella weed on the bus and just starting smiling at the bus driver
 sunset with all of the wildfire smoke. 
 bulls bout to smoke this
 iight let me pack amp smoke a spliff
 @potus weve come so far getting off opiates to use medical marijuana.dont let the federal govt attack our states choice to use mmj
 legalize weed.  i will shut right up.
 if you judge someone because they smoke weed your an idiot.
 @realdonaldtrump lets face facts people die from alcohol amp prescription drugs like opiatesno one has died using marijuanastop prohibition
 im about to just smoke and take some shots.
 hey @ozzyneis remember when i let you weed wack my ass
 so basically he just had a smoke between the bus stop and the door  
 @dbur17 you had one post on october16 then nothing  sitting in the weeds  until march  nice try.
 what type of weed is that 
 @madeinchynna what type of weed is that 
 hit the weed n my mind just open up
 i smoke a lot of weed to keep these woman off my mind
 i need to smoke weed  i have to be up at 7 am and here i am angry tweeting about things that dont fuggin matter lmao
 this tweet is terrible everyone stay positive amp hydrated goes and chain smokes 
 summer is filled with tattoos  smoke sessions amp lotsssss of laughs 
 @devito @billratchet haha dude weed
 in fact  i am weed.
 asi lo hacemos xclusivetuesdays caobanyc each and every tuesdays ladies open bar amp smoke 
 all unique blunt tips. ladies stop burning your nails and smoke smart. stop getting residue in your mouth and smoke 
 same ppl who say dont smoke be taking shots of everclear 
 drake killed free smoke i dont even wanna hear it  hardest song to start the album with 
 free smoke  drake
 woody harrelson quit what happens to your body after a stoner quits smoking weed  via @usatoday thankyou
 giving away free cannabis is a thing trump420 going nationwide @wizkhalifa join the jointsession @ congress 4241 
 drake x free smoke
 when youre tryna stop but someone asks you to smoke 
 we want all da smoke..
 i smoke a splif and disappear
 where da weed at
 talking about glaucoma me you get medical marijuana for it.  professor rodgers yeah  you get to tok up.
 ask the trump administration to respect state marijuana laws  
 dont play on transformers amp install smoke alarmskids learned lots @pplelectric electrical safety show. 
 potheads are still my favorite people. go for a weed review amp get awesome recipes amp insight. 
 is funny how in my drug class the instructor cant give a clear answer as to why we should stop smoking weed and why its illegal lol
 hey can you help me with this test... ill give you weed
 @realdonaldtrump smoking weed
 what does drake say in free smoke right before he starts rapping super curious
 my english teacher approved my topic of medical marijuana for my apa research paper lol
 talk w the experts about legalizing marijuana in il at our virtual town hall. email editorathttpst.coh1lh23wxzk for info and invite
 lots of wildfire smoke in the air here in okc.
 after i have trenton im gone be getting high w. cory since he swear i use to not smoke w. him  .
 older lady sitting behind me rogue valley cannabis  thats what were known for. 
 shawty say he can out smoke me. el o el gotta wake em up
 but texas senate cant pass a bill to legalize marijuana  
 oakland votes to end hiring discrimination based on past marijuana use 
 ohio bill would make it illegal to smoke in a car with a child under 6 present. 
 @voiceofprivileg corporations over people  womens rights  medical cannabis  scalia  ultra conservative 
 requiredreading via @wcp today  thank you for always pushing cannabis into dcs public dialogue. politics shouldn 
 drake x free smoke
 drake snapped on free smoke
 @thefix essay on spicer riff is understandable. however  chris  you forget the not a smidge smoke screen of obama to 60 minutes. 
 bouta grab that medical marijuana license i cant be fucking round with police nomo
 smoke my weed and mind my business
 everyone has finstas to post pictures of smoking weed and drinking and then theres me.. i just post stupid ass shit that i think is funny
 @isaacdeike iowa is legalizing fireworks and california just legalized weed. hmmm
 i have an addiction to marijuana @natgeo @cnn @drphil @drdrew can yall feature me on some shit
 this week boldtv will be discussing scotus and states rights including guns  abortions  and marijuana see you fr 
 teacher so ana give me your opinion on weed me 
 my mind on this weed im bout to smoke
 @reedtimmeraccu smoke 7 packs a day with no issues.  this is me at the starting line at a recent triathlon event. 
 when we smoke...... we gotta use them incense babeeee
 drake is killing kid cudi on free smoke....
 it is easier to acquire weed than an education ... is that a negative or positive thing  
 let the hemp research begin. 
 2014  i predicted that in five years... i may be closeillinois lawmaker proposes legislation to legalize marijuana 
 when your dealer asks if you have weed
 me hey  vice we found 8 400 new ways to shove marijuana into your actual anus
 only in philly do they smoke blunts insdie mc donalds
 yall be bored legalizing any damn thing but wont legalize marijuana. 
 @hanamarieyo when we used to smoke together
 ohio bill would make it illegal to smoke in a car with a child under 6 present. 
 sen. president teresa pavia weed in session. expected to announce resignation soon following session. 
 philadelphia issues zoning permits for weed business 
 @johnphayes loved the bear he hired a man to go eateries in town to smoke cigarettesamp drinks coffee amp tell everyone how great he was.
 hey downtowners...lets take care of one of our own. lets support smokey on saturday @blackcloisterbc   
 my therapist says my most recent big depression is because the weed but isnt it obviously because the world  linda
 dont wait for the weeds to get as tall as me.give ams landscaping a call at 6029440421 @ ams 
 oregon senate just approved a plan to shield cannabis consumer info from feds  cannabis politics oregon mmj
 il lawmakers introduce bills to legalize marijuana sales to adults 
 i live in a state that truly believes hollowing the earth will make us more money but wont legalize weed wv
 @larryislegend @stayhumble sleepy smoke....but  i would have to face one for rince off gp.
 rules of drive thrus have ur change ready please dont smoke turn off your windshield wipers be polite  dont talk on the phone
 when your brother invites you over to smoke then cancels because hes being a codo
 i had a dream the bill passed to legalize marijuana in wv and to say the least i was pretty disappointed when i woke up
 monsanto weed killer faces safety doubts in unsealed docs   epa carcinogens are ok with us 
 good old merrill reese smoke screen...very tricky @eagles 
 is it still okay for me to talk about my love for marijuana now that im a mother lol i feel like im not allowed 
 @vp so you can continue to blow smoke up our skirts i would rather shove hot pokers in my eyes than to watch your bullshit
 more farmers claim that monsantos leading weed killer product caused them cancer 
 illinois lawmakers introduce bill to legalize  tax recreational marijuana for adults 
 hahaha u dumb fk  go smoke some pot and talk about how god doesnt exist  
 hurry up and legalize weed all across america @realdonaldtrump
 the @potus is being investigated for treason  and apparently theres not just smoke theres fire. 
 opioid deaths another drug war failure 2015  32 000 americans died of such overdoses. compare marijuana zero.   
 i like to sip syrup and smoke dank too
 i like to sip syrup i smoke dank too
 free smoke  drake 
 illinois lawmakers propose legalizing recreational marijuana for adults 21 and older 
 so drake smoke now  
 puff the smoke then i clear my throat
 @realdonaldtrump you were right about you being tapped...no russian collusion on your part...this congressional probe is smoke and mirrors.
 cyph or nah  thats okay ill just smoke this to the face  no bigg 
 im having no luck with weed son  ima have to give it to god 
 i will forever say one of my favorite things about asbury is that i never smell cigarette smoke. 
 @realdonaldtrump as a business man if you wanted generate a new booming industry and put hard americans  to work please legalize marijuana
 evening smoke with @leadershipjay 
 legalize the marijuana in tx
 @mikeduncan so basically he smoked but didnt inhale
 america look up in the sky  chemtrails airplane  smoke  flu shot  slow death the air is poison they control the government
 if you need to spry weed killer indoors.   youmightbearedneck march23 roundup
 my favorite thing about having nails is that i can scoop the weed up 
 i smoke concrete then i sink in the depression
 we want all da smoke i want all da smoke freesmoke
 i only smoke premium cancer 
 medical marijuana should be legal in every state. dont @ me.
 @ruthie56 trumps ground is very shaky. along with his gop allies.  only matter of time. where theres smoke theres fire. open your eyes
 yep but no difference between you basically asking for free weed 
 i smoke my weed amp mind my own business.
 i was lowkey having an anxiety attack  and my roommate just packs a bowl and goes stop freaking out  lets smoke out of our window dabest
 @drake thank you for inspiring me to smoke a spliff. game changer. morelife
 over here slangin legal weed as my boss puts it budtender
 customer do you smoke pot me i work at a movie theater...
 perhaps alcohol and cigarette smoke burns because it helps to kill the monsters inside us.
 @torreyharp fact 1 its a plant  fact 2 it stinks when its smoked fact 3 ya teacher a stoner for even assigning this shit
 @drake thank you for inspiring me to smoke a spliff. game changer  morelife
 @mcspocky and again 45cab another smoke screen to create doubt so they can resign blame it on media fbi amp int to keep face all criminals
 ion even smoke weed but the fact that drake say im blem 4real aka hes high or not sober makes me consider it 
 so funny get degrees just to smoke
 if you havent smoked prelift before  well i highly suggest it 
 @hottwingsbaby extremely runny nose bad cough but i smoke so idk if its that
 comin up outta da weeds to say howdy and how are ya now...
 captured this awesome smoke plume on my evening run . . . . . . beautifulsky sunset  dirtyair 
 @realdonaldtrump breaking news look look theres smoke theres fire somewhere
 cant stand @drake but free smoke is one of the hardest intros ive heard... it might just be the bass drop though
 i love marijuana arguments with teachers
 drake spazzed out on free smoke 
 update below from fhp on 400acre wildfire visibility may deteriorate quickly due to smokefog type conditions. 
 get stoned without weed 
 i smoke weed wit a passion
 @scottbtfs @cltobinstlfd @loucomenale @cssmith2894 @batt3b also crawling under smoke and flowing min h2o until at seat of fire
 all im taking with me are the pieces of my heart and all ill leave are smoke rings in the dark.
 illinois lawmaker proposes legalizing marijuana same as alcohol 
 one dutiful  and stubborn  charlotte postman exposes mail order marijuana business 
 firefighters now conduct investigation to determine what caused fire and if home had smoke detectors. awaiting upda 
 teaching preschoolers not to smoke.... they dont know what theyre doing 
 lynette go buy me a pack of smokes please son me no lynette you suck  
 please dont be another lightskin nigga with some basic ass tattoo  like smoke amp clouds  or only god can judge me ....or ill laugh at ya.
 stop asking me to vote for yall make it a weed friendly campus amp you have my vote 
 when someone asks you to match but you forgot your weed at the crib 
 pretty weed and pretty brown women 
 just breaking down this weed bro  nothing to watch here
 i just wanna smoke weed and sip lean by the quart
 @tristanince13 and marijuana and jalapeos are my two favorite things
 this is a drake lyric its not about weed
 another lie from the us government surrounding marijuana 
 @rukunektar point number 2 you can smoke weed and be a college graduate this ones for u das
 @stockbrokerton @mernahuana @kirktousaw what about people who dont have a medical condition and just want to smoke weed
 illinois lawmakers introduce bill to legalize adult use cannabis   via @abc7chicago
 my first college essay of this semester is on if marijuana should be legalized... so  im interested to see how my teacher will grade it 
 last night a state trooper caught me for having a good amount of weed in the car but said marijuana isnt that big of a deal so its cool
 and now you see why you shouldnt legalize marijuana 
 free smoke  drake gtgtgtgtgtgt
 man i need to smoke to clear me mind i been waiting all day still no luck 
 ceo uses snowflake test to weed out whiny  unproductive job applicants  
 i hate ppl who think weed is a drug like cus last i check it was a plant that has multiple uses and smoking just ends up being 1 of them
 @kbrunner happy birthday pretty smoke lots and t up 
 nothing gives you more peace amp releases anxiety like the scent of gun smoke 
 git off me paw  yer crushin my smokes makesexawkwardin5words
 so im in the green 2 go parking lot scarfing down a burrito waiting for mother in law to buy her weed.... and i look over mid bite and
 i dont argue i just smoke a blunt amp ignore you 
 you smoke weed too much  those are just exacerbated symptoms..but yeah  love how they flipped it..media so funny.
 a woman who smokes during pregnancy has  increased risk of her child having adhd. risk looks to be multigenerational 
 to kill the secondhand smokers cough
 glad i live in a state with reasonable marijuana laws. but please dont bring weed to court. 
 people post weed in louisiana like its legal then wonder why yall get arrested  youre telling on yourself dumb ass
 the fact that you can order weed through the mail now blows my mind
 i swear everyone that sells weed in saint paul uses the bus  loud af
 my tolerance to weed is 100 dependent on my budget for it
 i want to watch the sunset and smoke some blunts
 free smoke  drake  
 leaders say they have votes to legalize marijuana in r.i. marijuana  laws   
 @realdonaldtrump sir will your administration legalize marijuana or go against the states that have legalized it9
 i have depression  i used to smoke weed everyday...
 if theyd just legalize cannabis the tax  would pay for it all medicalcannabis legalizeit 
 @usps can you maybe inform your carriers to maybe not smoke and burn holes in my mail.  thanks. 
 oh btw selling marijuana carrying cash and a pistol is an atf matter i have to go the lady of this house is not what she appears to be
 breaking tigers news you heard it here 1st  jimmy smokes to announce candidacy for 2020.  jimmysmokesforpotus 
 when we @madiismyth says to people ill give you brits number for a smoke help forever strange texts
 about to be full of lean smoke dope
 @speakerboehner and @barackobama taking big drags on their smokes  raising their wine glasses and lafting @ @realdonaldtrump amp @speakerryan
 blow smoke in the sky til we cant open our eyes
 free smoke  drake 
 @usagsessions get off the weed issue. it is done.  concentrate on heroine  meth amp opioids.
 i dont smoke and am not overweight. can i get a policy that doesnt cover lung cancer or heart disease  please 
 @dpshow  as in weed california or...
 @mrshaund @theemilyjackson @financialpost the poor use transit amp smoke the rich amp the middle class drink boozewere all screwed
 please dont smoke. if you do  quit.  please before its too late. i know its hard to quit ive been there. but just stop please.
 some serious business going on over some smokey single malt. what a call office redrockoutdoor 
 most of your favorite rappers sold weed to buy jordans and studio time. drake made 50k as a teen actor to help his mom. ion get it
 @infowars yep smoke and mirrors
 the radar accusation that you are also taking cannabis drugs that are legal in the state of california is equally disturbing.
 we still say that when all the smoke and mirrors are removed we will clearly see john podestas name in the mix of the trump spies.
 i would smoke it if they used backwoods instead 
 california state could do universal health care. through state taxes  marijuana  etc. there are ways to pay without causing a budget problem
 this the type of stuff to make you weed through your white friends...if they not outraged and talking about this an 
 i can not believe that people smoke weed in public restrooms. .....and dont invite me.
 @keemstar are you on the marijuana
 free smoke x drake 
 i cant fuck with a nigga that cant wont help me do shit but buss a nut  smoke  and make me laugh 
 hank why do ya drink  usto get drunk  hankwhy do you roll smoke  usto get stoned 
 i smell gun smoke  
 that weed that weeeed
 @t1000winter a pizza email isnt a smoking gun. its not even smoke. a smoking gun is a child that confesses.
 someone can smoke with me it would be great appreciated
 i just want it to be saturday so i can be all cuddled up with him while we smoke a j  eat a burrito  and watch a movie
 i hate how all my friends smoke cigs  it really ruins your lungs and you can eventually die from it... also im sick of smelling like cigs.
 if you the homie u liable to leave my crib wit some free blunts lol its all type of weed over here thatll never get touched
 @rashaepete to effect those living with an everyday indoor smoker. my point is the government shouldnt have the right to do this
 trypod @voxdotcoms the weeds is crucial for keeping your political echo chamber well informed. young erudites wonksplain wtf is going on.
 @gencyclopediax nah if i smoke weed imma die  my heart cant handle it no masss
  she smoke mid 
 @tngpelotero drake dont want it with kendrick just accept it. drake can and will get smoked by kendrick
 its 330am  can i get the marijuana please
 in mid city smoke me out
 my uber driver has brought up every controversial topic within 10 minutes of my ride from legalizing weed to immigration to donald trump 
 my state needs recreational marijuana not bc i want to get high but bc the state is billions of  in the hole
 the 1 cabdriver from the cab base on my block who lets me smoke drove me to work today 
 raise taxes on the rich to balance the budget to pay for trump walltrump military legalize hemp to balance budget k 
 startups downplay tobacco as they talk up cannabis   via @techcrunch  @snideroo startups cannabis
 its 842 am and i almost just sent the dh up in smoke
 usda drops plan to test for monsanto weed killer in food 
 drake will smoke that nigga...
 @cougarstin @devind33 @traegergrills hes not allowed to smoke. he is just not good at it.
 @robbradley lack of research on medical cannabis 
 i just made sense of this  heart part 4  track  kendrick is clearly coming for drake  in response to drakes last minute on  free smoke 
 big sean do t want no smoke wit kendrick but he at least sean coul possibly come with a nice response unlike drake
 actually weed is the way to my heart  in which the verdict still stands
 catch him lacking  smoke him kuz he talk tuff on da internet
 pretty patio of weeds. patio brick outdoorliving @ portland  oregon 
 @zbmsee saying that as if it isnt relevant...its substance in his words..hell lyrically smoke drake amp surely ko sean.
 this pharmaceutical form of cannabis has been deemed a schedule two drug while weed is still schedule one. 
 this marketing ceo issues snowflake test to weed out job seekers who cry or care about police brutality 
 conversation moves on to discussion of special event permits. two types cannabis event and event that has a designated area for adult use
 debating industrial hemp bill. @bwhippleks first to use the phrase in the weeds. jacobs says he was initially not high on bill. .
 @ibustmagnums i blow on smoke i blow on doja military minded im a motherfuckin soldier 
 @potus i thought you were for keeping the economy rolling  then why is your administration after legal marijuana
 breaking down weed w acrylics is such a pain in the ass
 house advances industrial hemp bill. ksleg
 stop using roundup youre  killing yourself and contaminating your environment use vinegar to kill weeds. 
 finally here cannabis infused analgesic ointment amp creams. legal in all 50 states. fdaapproved 
 as a medical marijuana patient i am no longer allowed to purchase a firearm.
 @govmattbevin the way to stop it is by legalizing medical cannabis it has lowered opioid deaths and addiction in states that have legalized
 ever wonder if the delicious smelling smoke pouring from @burgerking is real or just a genius marketing technique
 i talk to my brother everyday knowing that hes not here   but hell smoking weed and talking to him is the only thing keeping my.mind clear
 i roll another blunt smoke it to da face 
 niggas smoke backwoods then wonder why they cough so hard because they not a lightweight bitch the tobacco leaf is cancer
 we dont need synthetic version of any drug just legalize marijuana for medical use everywhere 
 upcoming webinars  cannabis business executive  cannabis and marijuana industry news  via @cbepress
 upcoming webinars  cannabis business executive  cannabis and marijuana industry news  via @cbepress
 i just want to smoke and get my kat licked 
 @joseph719co whats up brother cant wait to talk thanks for supporting cannabis family
 midwest kansas runners please give @swornin weed
 we gon blow smoke in the sky til we cant open our eyes
 drs. janana snowden amp bill richardson talk about the states medical marijuana program @ 7pm march 24 @lpborgs loui 
 tiger track invite  boys high jump   1  charles weed  holdrege 60  hastingstigers 4  d tang 54 5  q synek 54 
 the rest of the song drake sampled on free smoke is so 
 dont make me smoke this whole bag til its emptied out
 dangit... they could have called me. i got all the way to the smokey poke and had to turn around. bringdooptostilly
 @iamgood smoke to it
 @krazyhorsee ikno im playin just shocked me that you said youd smoke weed
 next up  decriminalizing in legalizing the use of medical cannabis in all 50 of the united states of america 
 dr recommends i use my eligibility with nys strict medical marijuana law. desperatei will  but unfortunately i loathe being stoned 
 lets hope connecticut legalize marijuana ...it could benifit the state as well as bettering the state . anyone agre 
 i love @chalenejohnson. no smoke amp mirrors. shes the real deal. vo voiceover marketing socialmediaexpert 
 can we talk about legalizing cannabis now
 @nvmg69 that should keep my mind off things.  that and mendocino weed.
 tweetit song free smoke artist drake
 because big ag doesnt want you to know. usda drop plan to test for monsanto weed killer in food   via @huffpostblog
 im wit all the smoke
 @speakerryan ok now that this smoke and mirrors that was the acha lets get back to investigating traitor corrupt @realdonaldtrump and russia
 @pozitivevizion  reminds me of a cat i had once  very independent but would be right beside me when i smoked a joint.
 veterans get a discount here at daspot  an dc the smoke is in the air 
 you suck because you never invite to smoke and your also dumbfunny af 
 now that marijuana is legal  should oxnard regulateban pot businesses 
 @sarahksilverman maybe all these bleeding hearts will make donations to support obama care when it goes under  doubt it they just blow smoke
 i blow 3 for 10 smoke in da wind   smoke one for my niggas locked in da pen
 i just smoke nd mind my business lol
 states rights on marijuana.give it over to university research
 sip amp smoke 
 wont smoke mine up.
 another thing i missed south carolina is apparently a basketball dynasty holy smokes.
 a super bad mix thats why it boggles my mind that an idiot would suggest selling marijuana amp alcohol in the same 
 the russian involvement is a smokescreen  trying to sabatage the potus with fake shit is the bigger picture dummie 
 how fricken ridiculous is this  a govt department warning about the dangers of marijuana while their pm wants it l 
 can i smoke in here please do
 smoke my weed mind my business  period
 im trying to keep up dateline but i just smoked a big bowl
 @saracivian sara civian  breaking down barriers one smokeshow at a time haha
 @potus @realdonaldtrump if you want to fix healthcare  legalize medical marijuana medicalmarijuana
 soooo who wants to smoke with me tomorrow when i get in town
 a picture demonstrating how smoke is particulate matter suspended in air. 
 kapafterdark @ hempstead  new york town 
 @ashlynadams69 at least i didnt say my heart is the shape of a weed plant
 @joerogan a bill is being introduced to legalize weed in delaware  please use your audience to give it as much support as possible 
 where da weed at
 just smoked but shid ill smoke again
 @dcmj2014 @joshfatzick my settings have always allowed sensitive material but now cannabis is censored in latest ne 
 they saying  the marijuana industry need big time businesses  uhhh weve been boomin for the past 70yrs since weve been outlawed bro
 we used to ditch just to talk shit and smoke at the church  mojave wasnt ready for us
 before i fall for the okey doke  i let the pistol smoke  you cant fade me by ice cube
 political science the last generation with the right to smoke cigarettes lets have a little experiment with the pe 
 lady at the desk you cant smoke in the building   me 
 but that aint weed tho. so who knows perhaps die  
 tell me why marijuana is a schedule i drug while cocaine is a schedule ii .............. the united states is ass backwards bro
 about to smoke my last cig and cry over the fact my iphone is about to run out of storage
 legalizing cannabis could fix this... 
 going thru my old hs teachers weeding pics have me filled with joy 
 beautiful yesterday evening @cornerbrook . it is steam from krugercorner brook and paper not smoke. 
 jonathan wont admit that i can smoke more than him 
 was just minding my own  pumping gas and got invited to smoke a blunt and eat some lolos. ohalright
 free smoke by drake
 new @scottyatl talks new music with @organizednoize  his cloud 9 amp curious george cannabis 
 @cbcbc any information on the big plume of smoke on saturna islands north shore
 @cfax1070 any information on the big plume of smoke on saturna islands north shore
 new @scottyatl talks new music with @organizednoize  his cloud 9 amp curious george cannabis 
 ...... i had a dream that @wizkhalifa was teaching me how he sold weed right before he started making money off of music
 retweet if you think weed should be legal for medical use amp like if you think weed should be legal for adult use fo 
 legalize cannabis worldwide his medicine and not harmful. 
 i dont want to be anyones goat have clout  or need to be the center of anyones attention.  just let me smoke my weed and mind my business
 @realdonaldtrump pleas help change the classification of marijuana.  we need it to be legal. we have seen the promise it gives people
 @realdonaldtrump make please make  marijuana legal
 come through. and smoke and taking shots at the door whitehouse 
 my aunt sent me a hookah in the mail. i opened it during chapel and invited friends to smoke it with me. seuconfessions
 lyrics of the day there is no pain you are receding a distant ship smoke on the horizon. comfortably numbpinkfloyd
 cancer is the genocide.. govt is the forecful hand.. weed is the cure ..
 me  a weed anthropologist
 oregon rolls up with a pony keg of something he made in his garage  and is trading pints for weed or bike parts. iforegonwasinabar
 das dat government weed 
 ill tell ya what though  marijuana is one hell of a defense. breaking through that is like taking a knife to concrete.
 a lot of niggas going bad on me  please  one at a time.  drake free smoke
 @shannahcoyle would you drink wit a nigga do you smokedo be ashamed it aint no thang i use to blow trees gettin lifted
 last one.   @ welcome to weed  california 
 im not sure if my fav thing about the hotel @jonesy1017 and i are in is the smell of weed on our floor or the 2 used condoms in our room 
 @jackscarab gotta make sure hunter amp piper get into the alma mater on legacy if their grades arent up to snuff or they get caught with weed
 yet another new family member. sourdiesel  a sativa dominant marijuana strain @ united states 
 i keep finding weed in my purse 
 @potus this is a veteran from vietnam with ptsd would like to get a prescription for marijuana like to have your help
 ew. all this lady do is smoke cigarettes.. her ass going to die
 birch smoked old fashioned solid 
 beware of the da weedz 
 watch out for da weedz 
 you know what would help the opioid crisis in america legalizing weed nationwide.
 check out killer weed freestyle  by esau 
 we can smoke the pots and have the talks  grace
 family lobbies to legalize medical marijuana for their severely autistic daughter 
 he said he got california weed  lets find out
 if you blow smoke at your dog  please make sure that hes an adult and dont fucking force him. ive seen dogs sniff smoke by themselves.
 black market marijuana with @shiestbubz01 boomin
 check the footwork free smoke  free smoke @kingjames @drake   @solecollector @ quicken loans 
 my favorite place in san diego sunset cliffs 50 sea 50 weed 
 hookup on broncos if you smoke me out lms
 watch who you smoke with. people outchea matching with mid 
 i never leave my house without weed like how did i end up at a public event sober 
 ur circumstances amp the outside world are all just smoke amp mirrors that reflect ur inner state. nothings more important than ur inner joy.
 i think id eventually love to get into the growing marijuana business after its legalized some more. we need more black ppl in it
 where da weed @
 where da weed @
 we want all da smoke
 if you are in the malibu area and need to get or renew your medical marijuana  cannabis card we are open until 630 this evening 
 medicinal amp medical uses for cannabis amp cannabinoids  
 kansas about to smoke oregon like 
 @realdonaldtrump maybe you should get behind the booming cannabis industry. well give you all the credit. cannabis business marijuana
 still confused as to why people ruin their weed with tobacco. stopthechop
 turns out weed gives me severe anxiety most times.
 thats my favorite thing to say before i smoke 
 all i do is smoke weed  get stoned  rosetta.
 if everyone would just mind their business and smoke a blunt the world would be a better place.
 if the world ends tomorrow  would you smoke wit me
 oregons about to get smoked.
 h3200 new establishing a commission to study the impact of marijuana legalization on public safety and the well... 
 the marijuana arrests are ridiculous theres other meaner killer drugs that need attention 
 someone cum smoke
 listening to niggas talk about weed 
 crock pot  drop top  rock chalk  rock pot... hey kansas  weed is legal in oregon... spring break 
 crowded  hot af in here  weed smoke blown in my face  being elbowed multiple times  etc. 
 wont smoke  wont pass  wont hit it if it aint fire
 oregon bout to smoke this lead
 lmfao sammy the stoner teaching how to smoke til @aggy got shmackeddd lmfao so funny  
 holy smokes oregon hasnt made it since the great depression. finalfour
 @wolfnchiclothng  wait... what i thought you were going to die one night after secondhand smoke exposure.
 all i do is smoke weed amp mind my business 
 some weed and hallelujah by pentatonix  you wont be disappointed
 @drjjdyck .@judgejeanine  smoke and mirrors. trumprussia and if i were .@speakerryan i would be all over trumprussia as well.
 delaware senator announces bill to legalize adult use of marijuana  via @marijuanatimesx
 delaware senator announces bill to legalize adult use of marijuana  via @marijuanatimesx
 maybe after this semester i wont smoke anymore.
 u smoke mid grade 
 one of my favorite aspects of this trip has to be the smell of marijuana everywhere 
 hope roy can crush kentucky and then smoke oregon
 i thought i would try weed brownies but everyone knows im already a spaz @ mohave dessert 
 someone smoke with me when i get done babysitting 
 hipsters trying out... yoga balancing on one leg like a stork weed all of the above ah well  
 moms tryina move to el paso buuuuuuuttttt weed is legal here now and idk if i want to suffer like that lmao
 i really need to smoke and clear my mind 
 this hotel smells like a weed farm haha
 its 3am why arent my friends up 2 smoke w me haha 
 follies strippers smoke mid
 thank you hempcon x heart of nature  staylifted onelove 
 life life young. never say no to an invite. be courageous. smoke weed. have fun  yo be beautiful. 
 @liamstack @petesouza @speakerryan the president of the united states is a foul ball in high weed.
 the funny thing is that i am actually out of weed  but when someone asks what im smoking i cant not say it.
 also according to bernie sanders he smokes pot on a regular basis so you probably shouldnt use that question in hi 
 @airedmania @reluctantzealot smoke and mirrors and spies and insanity. ycmtsu
 did you know medical marijuana can safely take the place of a majority of these nasty pharmaceuticals  and with no 
 im almost at school i cant wait to see who actually wants smoke  yall use that term to loosely
 @realdonaldtrump wheres theres smoke....trump official and tv surrogate leaving white house reports 
 free smoke  drake
 dear @potus  @realdonaldtrump  could you please do something to get you reelected shut up your critics and legalize cannabis
 @potus legalize cannabis and fix the federal govments buget before the money runs out its the smartest thing you can do
 insis has also made a fortune marketing opioids which is why they opposed marijuana legalization 
 @potus it takes a brave man to make changes legalize cannabis  balance budget budget fix education offer real health care off canna funds
 free smoke  drake 
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 im convinced everyone in philly smokes weed 
 briskets getting there.rockwood charcoal vaughns wood products and rustic rub  with sweet smoke 
 @officallivepd st tammy parish dep are too aggressive and what people fear. watching it on dvr for that weed stop last night. hella rude.
 @justfollow @drake that song free smoke is 
 still blowing on that smog smoke on that new god flow cuz im a nubian from the cosmos invision
 now that the smoke has cleared a bit  my thoughts on the significance of the voicemail from drakes mom on 
 where da hoes where da weed where da cheese @
 marijuana in america on cnbc. all my weed investors should watch.
 @thoroughlykels i texted 2 numbers in my phone under your name hopefully you at least receive a smoke signal
 its funny i only use to smoke one stoog  but qs the years went by  drugs turned into the new food
 lets smoke some beef sausage and a curivari seleccion privada. @sgt458 @mariocfulco @ajbaldwin @jesteva62755 
 @natgeo they make an incredible  multi gen trip. please plant milk weed amp dont go amp see them in mexico
 basically the methodman is like rts  lts  smoke it. 
 all we want is stricter gun laws  legalized marijuana  and good healthcare. why is that so hard to achieve
 @mspiggieee you roll swishers and game.. so you smoke mid
 @mspiggieee you roll swishers and game.. so you smoke mid
 @realdonaldtrump i stumped for you for year and a half. please leave marijuana alone. or legalize it. its a plant not a drug. please
 sundaymorning and we will be open until 630 this evening if you need to get or renew your medical marijuana recommendation.
 if niggas hide their guns amp weed the same way they hide their girlfriends amp baby mothers....  yall wont ever see jail again. 
 its great  and inspiring  to read of the success some parents and kids receive taking cannabis 
 some yummy seafood at the old oregon smoke house   oregon 
 if anyones studying the native weeds of eastern kansas  my backyard is a living textbook.
 i wish people with ecigs didnt feel entitled that they can smoke them anywhere. no  you actually cant.
 my coworkers weed dealer is also a kindergarten teacher 
 this guy just sent me a picture of his cat cuddling weed to cheer me up 
 vote for us best marijuana dispensary amp best budtenders our budtenders are mario  
 can someone @ buzzfeed please write an article  explaining where i can and cannot legally smoke in california
 in the mood to smoke 10 blunts and get a tattoo
 atlfreestuff electric smoker kennesaw worked  but now trips gfci breaker. curbside pu.  
 i would like one weed please.
 north carolina state house pass nc house bill 185 medical marijuana  reduce opioid abuse in nc  save...  via @change
 getout the tea is a herb. weed is a herb. the sunken place 
 marcus think he can out smoke me helllll nah
 free smoke  drake
 i have like 3 different type of weeds right now
 your first introduction to marijuana shouldnt be an edible. its too much and too concentrated
 crawfish with a view. cant escape the smell of weed though. nola nolaadventures sunset @ the 
 so fucking wack for growing weed foh 
 king on uk attacker where theres smoke  theres fire 
 one of my more liberal beliefs is the support of medical marijuana. i highly suggest you read more on the subject. 
 im picking oregon because they legalized recreational marijuana out there. 
 @squalloogal i think they are weeds. pretty ones. 
 hate it when peon smoke bogies in public bathrooms 
 then legalize cannabis.  i am so sick of this.
 the possibility of illinois being the first state in the midwest to legalize marijuana is becoming more real and i love it
 im not medicallyphysically sure if my heart can handle weed anymore. it makes my heart race and i get hella nervous and cant calm down.
 california peaceful...all i do is smoke and make music 
 new from me. legal pot by canada day next year.liberals to announce marijuana will be legal by july 1  2018 
 comet pizza is a democrat elite hangout and a smoke screen to atack independent media you dont show facts for your 
 @nickofferman i now understand why you like to smoke and watch @shotwinpeaks. twinpeaks
 favorite weed strain
 boss do you smoke  me haha haha well  sigh just on sundays haha
 im pretty sure its easier to find a bunch of weed then to discover  locate  and undermine a whole human trafficki 
 @potus @secpricemd im not condoning the use of any illegal substance. not federally legalizing marijuana is dumb. jails r4 murderers.
 heard a story on @cbcradio on this topic  the dog had anxiety among other things amp cannabis worked like a charm  ma 
 when greg rolls me blunts because he knows i suck at it even when he isnt allowed to smoke real buds truelove
 liberals to announce marijuana will be legal by july 1  2018 
 @potus @secpricemd  a by product of the 1970 drug war  demand 4 domestic marijuana grew quickly. some was used 4 recreational purposes.
 h3201 new authorizing the town of dennis to impose a local sales tax on certain sales of medical marijuana 
 mexican phrase of the day low ice  pancho smoked some green so now he has low ice
 drake x free smoke
 its rude to smoke beside someone and not offer em a stick. basic life rules.
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 if you have a medical marijuana card and you get drug tested for a job and its positive for thc what happens
 ottawa rushing to draft marijuana legalization bill ahead of 420 sources  
 @jodieemery @marcscottemery too bad we had to trade freespeech for legal weed. m103 has me wanting to use harder drugs  and draw mohammed
 talk about a smoke sheessshhh
 im about to smoke right now
 mother gave her son cannabis to help cure his cancer  @femail
  ny loaded with cannabis no wonder the state wants to legalize it. easy access for the liberals. nyc pot blue state.
 a big business boom thanks to legalized marijuana it could happen right here in massachusetts. 
 im trying to get myself up to smoke this spliff
 in 2007  my then 94yr old grandpa told me he would expect all of north america to eventually legalize cannabis. he 
 come scoop me tonight matter fact  a nigga need to smoke 
 trump talking about mexicans now canada is going to have legal weed. the problem isnt other countries its us. war on drugs is a failure
 the guys go out wit they ladies i go buy a half amp smoke out the pack facts 
 prince is dead and big pharma killed him they are afraid of the fact that medical cannabis has lowered the need for 
 liberals to announce marijuana will be legal by july 1  2018  politics  cbc news 
 i want east side gas to be the nost dense weed in existence
 lawmakers propose legalizing marijuana to address state budget crisis 
 editorial state bill that would torpedo memphis partial marijuana decriminalization law is shortsighted 
 5 routes the cannabis industry could take to get around federal banking restrictions  
 dont take meds and smoke i swear you trip more 
 much as i support drug reform and marijuana legalization  is it really appropriate to adapt the legislative schedul 
 nc will have to legalized weed to offset that 3 billion  loss
 possibilities abound for businesses hoping to cash in on cannabis legalization. 
 you dont have to be friends with congress neutralize there opinion and legalize cannabis its not hard to be a hero @potus  @realtrump2016
 trudeau government will not legalize marijuana  claim ndp    the government lied.....sooooooooo shocked
 @realdonaldtrump mr president  please get in weeds of healthcare ryan led u down selfdefeating path repeal can work w crucial replacemts
 the next state to legalize medical marijuana could be...nebraska   via @aol
 due to gmo volume  weeds are gaining rapid resistance to roundup market rejection of gmos grows  via @mercola
 due to gmo volume  weeds are gaining rapid resistance to roundup market rejection of gmos grows  via @mercola
 arbys smokes mid
 it is high time for the marijuana industry to come of age. legalize tax amp regulate 
 its just a poll  but this suggests most illinoisans favor decriminalizing marijuana il  
 my mommy having community weed at the house gtgtgtgt
 picture of a weedy sea dragon 
 @blondekittyx do you smoke weed
 the wv house of delegates continues the discussion of legalizing medical marijuana today. please call your delegates to support this issue
 its not even 8 am and my roommate is smoking weed and eating ice cream 
 @potus sad that medical marijuana cannot be used for treatment of children and veterans because of federal law
 i wonder if jobs in legal marijuana states do drug screens 
 @mashable ................ nixons the one that fucked with marijuana law to use it against blacks and the war prot 
 @wenotsocks yep and us govt cant find good coders who also dont use cannabis.
 legalize hemp amp weed worldwide its about liberty  basic human rights  health  jobs amp industry   jeff davis 27 yea 
 im always losing my weed n then finding it somewhere randomly haha
 it makes me so happy that canada is legalizing weed as a country  america get with it
 bill could make california a sanctuary state  for marijuana 
 delegates voted 8646 against an amendment from del. jefferson ghrist from eastern shore on medical marijuana bill. 
 del. brett wilson of washington county re medical marijuana bill this would allow drug felons to get involved in 
 weed is only one type of herb. theres 100s. weed is the only illegal one. divinitys are legal  usda approved  amp dont show on drug tests.
 what type of weed are you smoking 
 del. cheryl glenn defends medical cannabis commission bill hb487 special ordered this industry will be tightly 
 not about to play with our faculty amp staff smoking on this smoke free campus 
 @colosengop say no to pot clubs we dont want their secondhand smoke.
 @cosendem @colosengop say no to pot clubs we dont want their secondhand smoke.
 @hickforco @cosendem @colosengop say no to pot clubs we dont want their secondhand smoke.no transporation taxes.try fiscal responsibility
 @mediamarcus say no to pot clubs we dont want their secondhand smoke.no transporation taxes.try fiscal responsibility
 it seems like finding a woman that can drive a manual is almost as rare as finding one who doesnt smoke
 @potus sad that federal law keeps medical marijuana from children and veterans with diseases no other treatments can help
 how would you rate your cannabis friendly hotel heres what i need in order to give a hotel a 5 leaf review 
 i hate when weedmen keep hittin my line askin if i need  bitch im on da medical
 @b0ssgoddcss naa yo im talm bout on da smoke .. and u kno damn well ion look dusty 
 gonsalves says calls for @edmangano resignation spurred by fridays arrest of hempstead councilman ed ambrosino 
 if you smoke a cigarette in front of me  odds are i want to throat punch you 
 the best products that work on my hair is the all natural homemade type of products my hair grew like weeds
 join @tsegerblom  @willhadler  @jilltolles  @jennykane and me for battle born politics on marijuana 
 so starting may 1st i cant smoke until sept 19th 
 having a canabis cookout 421 .. everything will be made with canabutter  youre all invited 
 life update hes a smoker  this may be a deal breaker 
 in class wit marijuana eyes
 wildfire over the wknd contained  @putnamcountyem says smoke off lake bundy rd will last days  more at 6 @wcjb20 
 rather smoke weed   drink lean and get green
 your wcw smokes like this  ...dumbass 
 hearing smokepurpp use udigg and slatt in his tracks does nothing but warm my heart. let influence prosper.
 me waiting for west virginia to legalize medical marijuana.. 
 another blow to medical marijuana .. long live the ma.. 
 gang suppression officers arrest three with marijuana and meth in northeast el paso 
 delegate shott wont buy cheap weed legalizeit 
 im not the type to take home to your daddy  im the type you call to smoke a fatty
 yes she said black canary not felisity smoke ..go mind your fucking business  
 whoever said that smokes mid and drinks natties 
 makers46 with smoked ice as per the @traegergrills suggestion. ill 
 @wolfblitzer warner said bipartisan investigation but said lots of smoke bad for djt. and journalist asks  bipartisan 
 im always finding weed in my car
 i think its funny how thos country glorifies alcohol and cigarettes things that can kill you  but is scared to legalize marijuana.
 @brucerauner is going to experience the resistance in 2018 if he doesnt get behind recreational marijuana. illinois is a joke. fix it. 
 the governors of four states whose residents have legalized recreational marijuana sent a letter to  
 im finding out some of you actually smoke marihuana its illegal youre being a criminal
 @freedom2offend @shelbychong @ohioganja hey freed hey shelby hey ganj im smoking. its crap weed and its all i got left but im doing it
 @washingtonpost yeah i like smoke. as a matter of fact when it comes to @potus thats all your paper is good for to 
 72hours til expertjointslive  smoke weeds everyday w donbriere amp chrisnelson of 
 @btgtimmerman @senatemajldr @gorsuchfacts @potus when the father told his kid not to smoke even though he smokes 4 
 @daviddmg1999 @alyssrodriguezz you got me....sike i take ws....your lady smoked that ass boooy
 ya wcw smoke bogies after a cyph
 smoke real gun smoke all day to the face 
 if youre in paw paw and want t smoke hmu lol
 picture of a weedy sea dragon 
 governors to trump administration stay away from our marijuana laws   via @huffpostpol
 stop wasting weed for rts 
 jesus. this anti anxiety supplement im taking makes me feel like i just smoked a blunt to the face
 more from mandys suggested for saga  phrase i have no suggestion weed
 on my mama im clappin any nigga from missouri that dont vote tomorrow we need to legalize weed next door
 no vote on medical marijuana bill tonight 
 i got a b on a paper that i wrote about legalizing marijuana in louisiana
 hey @realdonaldtrump why is our law enforcement so fixated on people who smoke a plant instead of real criminals @joerogan @jrepodcast
 states have or are in the process of legalizing cannabis extracts  typically oils  high in 
 patiently waiting for the legalization of marijuana 
 @realdonaldtrump .please stop the law for recreational marijuana nothing good can come from legalizing recreational marijuana.
 the central government should pass in law banning of all substances weed  we are making more citizens to be ment 
 we shouldnt ignore a doctor because he recommends marijuana  a doctor should only be ignored because he is televised @iamjohnoliver 
 explain uk marijuana policy @iamjohnoliver  us states are much more liberal so go fuck yourself. you dont understand us federalism leave
 he was bad. he smoked. he broke the law  he drove too fast for his own good.
 ill burn down this bridge and set my life up in smoke 
 studying for my intermediate accounting midterm. cant concentrate debating wether i should smoke a joint to ease up a bit and focus.
 trumps russian smokescreen is thick. need a deep throat to answer his declaration of war @washingtonpost @nytimes @latimes @roguesnradvisor
 @motherjones trump no drink no drugs no weed. turn out like him.the poster boy for teachn children the positive b 
 im the type to smoke you out. 
 i smoke my weed amp mind my business 
 i feel like long as im taking care of my business and doing what i needa be doing i can smoke as much as i please 
 states that sanction weed pot should not be allowed to issue drivers licenses.why should nation be at risk.
 @stlmelisanicole holy smoke  girl...you make an adult water park 4 the mind  amp i wont hesitate 2 say each curve ma 
 @katramsland most of the country agrees marijuana should be legalized  with 60 percent of us adults supporting full legalization nationwide
 eww bruh smoke better... 
 on marijuana charges....  5 years...  fix this please. 
 ill smoke wit him tho 
 they used a bible verse in the argument against marijuana. seperation of church and state is nonexistent in america.
 bin ladin weed
 @martyflagg trump is definitely a constitutional crisis. i call him the blow smoke and mirrors potus.
 @artstapleton my guess  all smoke amp mirrors. dal had no intention to release him  only claiming so when retirement 
 proponents of medical marijuana legislation are saying that despite fears  senate supports the current form of the bill.
 da smoke out .. wednesday evening hit me for detailz.
 jerseycitylawyer new jersey bills to provide employment protections for medical marijuana patients 
 @realdonaldtrump you arent fooling anyone...donating your pay is a smokescreen in hopes we wont notice how slimy you really are...
 seeing the benefits in legalizing weed is so clear i dont see how you can argue against it
 codeine in my  always wit da smokey im sorta like a miracle...
 smoke weed amp mind ya business 
 unmasking episode is a smokescreen to distract from the broader issue  which is that the president of the united states made a completely
 i smoke my weed and mind my business.
 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @fbi lies and smoke dont make it right
 me after breathing in secondhand smoke from a cigarette 
 on a nice day you can catch me sitting on the wall outside hibbs on the compass getting lung cancer from all the secondhand smoke lt3
 if i do make the medical marijuana thing happen  you should expect to see me regularly post a picture of k2s0 saying im high. very high.
 it appears that you can now be prescribed medicinal marijuana in the state of west virginia. stoned hillbillies. go 
 the hemp bus comes to the roundhouse @ new mexico state capitol 
 hit me up to buy weed from me after dumping me and hating me for smoking it haha nah lose my number loser
 @sencarmichaelwv please do not put restrictions of use or time on med marijuana or pass the cost to us on fixed income who need it. please
 this is why i love weed gogreen
 bill that would permit the use of medical marijuana in west virginia approved by the house of delegates 
 we call ourselves the marijuana outlaws... may the revolution begin
 @amyebresnen that would literally make everyone a smoker  since we all inhale carcinogens on a daily basis. its the dose that matters.
 need more ppl to smoke and vibe wit
 @hashtaggriswold @lindasuhler too much smoke blowing in from susan rice.least of all  the state dep doesnt investi 
 monsanto weed killer roundup faces new doubts on safety in unsealed documents 
 smoke weed errrrrday
 eyes low when i smoke that good shit. @ raleigh  north carolina 
 state senate likely to concur on medical marijuana bill tomorrow 
 state senate likely to concur on medical marijuana bill tomorrow 
 i shouldnt have let them smoke in my car 
 @sciencevs unasked for suggestions yay sciencevs drugs coca  cannabis and sciencevs nicotine quitting  patches  gum  vape
 @quantacannabis it sure came fast amp easy here  resistance legalize all use of marijuana
 @reverbnation gets most of my exclusives dey recognized me 1st  2k16 left    passion  blood  and weed mixtape  
 the baby is only 2 grams  we could smoke it. @kayceerussell
 @thefive russian excuse is smoke and mirrors to hide obama surveillance of trump team
 @legaleagle88 re ty ross  fun fact marijuana is legal in the state of ca.  not that mlb or milb care  but...its true.
 pregame commemorative bar selfie. ashley is not 6 tall  its all smoke and mirrors. bruins 
 your wcw sold her sextape for 5ozs of weed
 @mindonsuccess definitely a woman and she smoke tobacco not marijuana
 drakes one thing but fuck with matty and get smoked  
 monsanto weed killer roundup known carcinagen cancer causing to kill ur weeds
 were here livetweeting from the microcap conference cannabis panel  learning how capital enters our industry to 
 its like running uphill on ice derek peterson of @terratech on challenge of operating a public cannabis business. microcap conference
 use a granular weed control product before they have a chance to flower amp spread lawn lawncare lawnservice 
 nah thats where i go pick up my weed random college student
 data shows the social risks arent what we worried about...how can you say cannabis doesnt have medical value derek @terratech microcap
 the same guys that hit my weed wit me and share a meal wit me is the same guys that will mask up and do a drill wit me 
 crazy how only .5 grams of marijuana can take control of your mind
 @potus  a war is not the way to throw up another smoke screen. no more diversions. you must be impeached now 
 @alexxxsenpai this is my boyfriend and i but he doesnt smoke hes just so used to the smell hes like nah youre fine
 laguardia pl amp washington sq south basically what we do is we stand outside and hand out cards promoting the cannabis industry
 @joser1 that weed you dont fool me
 i wont even roll no weed less iit lik donatello  
 its crazy to me how i have dave steezy on imessage talking real life business. its a trip  sparking weed just thinking about the future.
 massachusetts medical marijuana dispensary prepares to deliver statewide  via @marijuanatimesx
 massachusetts medical marijuana dispensary prepares to deliver statewide  via @marijuanatimesx
 only 48hours til expertjointslive  smoke weeds everyday w @weedssouthvan tokeup amp 
 @joser1 nah its weed
 @cantoutloupeme the amount of hassle to get medical marijuana in nj is fucking insane. i dont blame people who dep 
 im the type to mix all my different weeds together and die
 hey at least i could get the point across that weed shouldnt be legal because all the funny tweets would go away  
 the west virginia house of delegates passed the legalization of medical marijuana in limited forms.   i voted yes 
 potus  stop with the smoke amp mirrors. we are smarter than that amp this is not studio 54 inners
 my favorite thing to do when im high is smoke more weed.
 cannabis marijuana hemp legalizenature legalize freedom  regrann from hemphelps   
 @danielpitts5 @chuckwoolery the real question is what are you and the msm smoking. its legal in some states. all smoke and no fire.
 turns out shes all smoke  tell me have you seen her she say  im right here this is her 
 i just need some girl friends to kick it smokedownsleepovers im talkin sad movies and ice cream
 i just need some girl friends to kick it smokedownsleepovers im talkin romantic comedies and ice cream
  heroine  coke  crack  addict. he threw weed in there but the mother fucker smoked weed himself. in front of me.
 my dad is in a state where weed is legal and lets just say he facetimed me and just stared into the screen for a good 3 minutes
 purple is that premium and we only smoke that premium  
 @realdonaldtrump lmao the u.s. make it alone against north korea wtf are you on  fucking marijuana
 nxggas buy a gun smoke a lil weed and forget they a bitch 
 they really bout to legalize weed 
 newyork bigcitynews rats give them weed brownies  they will appear sick   and the others will kill the stoned ones.
 like to drink and smoke some doja
 another loss for reefer madness prohibitionists marijuana cannabis nomoredrugwar 
 s648 new legalize medical marijuana 
 i just need some one too smoke wit
 lets see if the wolves can smoke golden state again tonight 
 yo sos smoke me out please
 oregon man faces deportation for trying to sell a 20 baggie of weed  shameful humanrightsnightmare waronpoc
 electronic banking is doomed.invest in cannabis bank
 california could become the cannabis industrys safe haven via @forbes 
 1 retweet1 less smoke @wizer76 
 i bet death is the biggest trip of all.u trip out a bit reaching a new year after 27.its pry ur first weed trip x 99 zillion.we 4get so much
 poppin pills smoke on that gas sip lean
 another friend took me to his growing facility. now that cannabis is legal in california how do 
 ima sip it til i feel it  and smoke it til its gone
 when yo teacher asks why it smells like weed in here @nickolson 
 @willberson most folks would go to makes a tender pot roast but i like your ac  enemas 1.tobacco smoke 
 20170420 seattle  wa  united states cuccis spooky weed  
 @tuckercarlson @hildabrand nah tucker thats just a smoke screen 
 no wonder that @thedemocrats want to take away guns. every single one smokes. smokinggun dirtyrice 
 jerseycitylawyer proposed nj legislation would add employment protections for medical marijuana users 
 i want my makeup done all pretty amp then smoke with @tiannag.....but first let me get some muscle so im not the duff
 in states with medical marijuana  painkiller deaths drop by 25 percent 
 my hotel shuttle driver just told us hes been smoking weed all morning. please send help.
 how is tobacco legal  but marijuana isnt just sayin but i dont get it
 @kaijinboyfriend his pretty talented to be able to drink varnish and smoke a cigar at the same time
 a guy i used to go to school with 1st ep dropped  my favorite is smoke amp mirrors hes working on another project now.
 the bus driver taking a smoke break meanwhile im 20 min late to class 
 i wonder if kc is pushing to legalize marijuana after this vote
 over weed wack ass. 
 @mrmonkey3 @superweeniehtjr @n8creative @universalorl next time i smoke meat youre invited mr. monkey
 but he wont legalize weed 
 the government isnt worried about weed .. nobody watching you nigga
 medical marijuana coverage added to loblaw employee benefits 
 when ur at the nail salon and all  customers and employees who smoke cigs go outside for a smoke break together
 @billhaslam is there legislation to ban roundup weed killer  a cancer carcinogen. roundup widely used in tennessee  
 stealing or not  you dont disrespect women like that especially behind some weed my nigga  its just weednot that 
 gov releases docs outlining proposed changes to square new recreational pot law with law on medical marijuana 
 i honestly thought someone was running a weed eater beside me. nah  it was a rice rocket honda lolol
 off course my group would chose the topic of marijuana for our final research project 
 holy smokes a 1941 rolls royce phantom iii. is this the one al capon drove houlovesautos houstonautoshow 
 of course my group would chose the topic of marijuana for our final research project 
 highly needed to drink and smoke 
 minister told me im godly but that weed make me devilish   shit drove me
 bills bills bills smfh @ td bank in hempstead  ny 
 almost there @ town of north hempstead in ny 
 steal any weed from me we throwing da 30s  
 me oh you smoke cigarettes angsty teen no  i just take pictures  with them do u have a polariod blaze it 420
 how da hell you saying you scammed the women but you made they got you for 10 of weed allegedly ...im not caping for that lmfao
 highschool teachers take smoke breaks in hidden areas college professors and students smoke together after class
 the guy beside me in the bus smells weed.
 and this bitch had the nerve to say oh wow   ima go smoke in the ally then   they dont own that   its a public pathway
 but the executive decision should have been to stay home not come to a hotel with 6 niggas to share one dime of weed 
 i smoke that gas you smoke that mid 
 @potus you are the criminal it doesnt matter how much you blow smoke the truth will be revealed amp you will go down 
 teaching your grandma how to smoke a bong like 
 i smoke alot of weed to keep da bitches off my mind
 california pa has some pretty bad weed 
 rullo says nj should legalize marijuana and use the tax revenue to fix roads and bridges
 @sausla i heard you smoke mid
 regrann from weedmanjah    just another day at the office  thegasstation weedmanjah 
 now that is the stupidest thing ever medical marijuana helps a lot of things it should be legal 
 easy 4 and a half smoked my buzz bait   floridaheritage pfgiveaway columbia 
 @janatjan wouldnt the medical cannabis in the workplace issue  not to mention the ada issue be so much easier were 
 @msnbc @cnn  there goes trump throwing up smoke screens on false allegations no lies about rice committing a crime fbi amp intel wake up
 me has an asthma attack  me smokes 3 blunts
 senate is taking up medical marijuana bill now.
 we now have passage of a medical marijuana bill in west virginia 
 prediction cannabis will be legal nationwide by 2020. do you agree
 i hate people who smoke at the bus stop. pls dont shorten my life while i try to use public transit
 also they are starting to consider medicinal cannabis as a prescription drug which insurance companies would have to cover  what a time
 legalizing weed
 bruh how is it 250 to renew a weed card this state is so wack
 @rudzki im wondering what the political landscape looks like when the smoke clears and the rest of us rise from the ashes like a phoenix.
 ccma working to improve  protect and humanize californias legal cannabis industry | blunt network 
 dr. jamie fleetwood  pharm d of hippocratic growth  llc speaking abiut the medical use of cannabis at business quee 
 in 2018 it will be legal to smoke marijuana in public across canada.  but you cant drink a beer outside.  logic.
 tired of niggas spamming smoke grenades. even my teammates doing that sissy shit. this gears of war not queers of war  pick a fucking gun up
 24hours til expertjointslive  smoke weeds everyday w don amp chris from 
 advertising company faces lawsuits for monsantos roundup glyphosate weed killer as safe   
 its for extra luck tomorrow stop looking at the weeds and get back to studying for test lmaoooo thanks mom 
 is it okay to have weed  wine and ice cream for dinner
 canada day 2018 shouldnt be about legalizing marijuana bill blair via @cdnpress  cdnpoli
 @chipotletweets i thought that by voting for the legalization of medical marijuana that it could benefit patients
 i thought that by voting for the legalization of medical marijuana that it could benefit patients...
 however ive just been informed that scientists are working on genetically modifying weed that holds the representation of naturalization
 im truly disappointed in west v   were a piss poor state and yet they continue to deny the passing of medical marijuana bills.
 me and @mmmmmassey want weed. will include a little debbie snack in addition to the cost of the weed just for ur troubles.
 a drug whos sole purpose is to kill is schedule 2  yet cannabis is in the most restrictive schedule 1. we are that 
 someone please smoke with me  i have  migraine that wont go away
 only for nohotchnowatch purposes smokey is ready  hes hiding from cm 
 @debi129 i wonder if rush is allowed to smoke his cuban cigars n talk out of his ass 
 two shots no smoke 
 take a deep breath  here comes the new additions to the mask. time to smoke out the competition 
 if stlouis would legalize medical as well as recreational marijuana we could fit the bill for any stadium plus schools u name it
 bill could make california a sanctuary state  for marijuana | the huffington post    
 dad that medical marijuana bill is messed up. youre not allowed to smoke it. what they want you to do look at it
 its a thing of beauty.  make weed not war. 
 im just tryna smoke but of course our hotel is right across from the police station
 when someone asks do i want to smoke. 
 all the loss of hope tends or urge to drink amp smoke  just to deviate and cope
 @massgovernor people voted for legalized recreational marijuana. it passed. cut this crap about its future being uncertain.
 for all the good talk about weed amp its benefits   amp otherwise  here is the nefarious side of weed 
 proof please if @realdonaldtrump says it... its a lie  a smoke screen  a deflection or a .mission accomplished s 
 dear jared my teenagers smoke too much pot. please advise...
 @ososenpai lets go smoke like the old days my boi
 dishnetwork assholes fired a disabled employee who possessed a legal medical marijuana card. @dish can go get fucked and go bankrupt.
  thats 100 dollaz stop playin wit me smokey  
 eww theres weed in my cocaine
 she is the only girl that could out smoke me haha
 legalize marijuana and also legalize owo
 only smoke it if its gas... way to grown for mid
 you dont need to get high or do uh drug to turn up and smoke someone facts
 @ashleyjward drowning. it is the origin of the phrase blow smoke up your ass
 would be lit if they legalize marijuana this year
 holy smokes wcw amipera @mannakcosmetics @ irvine  california 
 california moves to unite conflicting marijuana laws. 
 so used to being up all night wit smoke i can sleep
 i kinda get frustrated with the weed is medicine for everyone angle..because even if it isnt...you should be allowed to smoke it.....
 meek smoke mid smooth sell mid
 216 6733109 im not finding nemo if u want smoke
 cracker ugly ass rapist choke and your weed is wack 
 pulling up in dick appointment gear and no weed smh... shit really be sad
 just ignore the smoke amp flames at @atlairport . firetraining until about noon.atlanta fire 
 welcome to america where we can join the army  smoke  vote  and gamble at 18 but cant get a hotel room.
 i just smoke my weed amp mind my business  
 legalize weed worldwide  having fun in akron ohio usa hotel  july 2016  jeff davis show films 
 .@jaredwv says amended medical marijuana bill has been received by house amp is in the clerks office now waiting to be reported to the floor
 facts 15.2 of adults in texas smoke...
 did my teacher just call me smokey
 28 000 adults in texas die from their own smoke each year...meaning they pretty much cause their own deaths...
 just smoked n im on my way to take ah drug test lol i need help 
 april showers bring may flowers and mays my birthday lets get this weed growing
 wow thats smokeddddddd these kids are shot the fuck outttttttttttt
 when the doctor asks if you smoke and you say smoke what
 fuck weed. i love lean 
 this why i smoke my weed   rack amp mind mines..
 legalize cannabis
 thank u @repblumenauer for fighting stupid hemp  cannabis bans. congress cannabiscaucus @votehemp @dcmj2014 
 my teacher asked us to give an example of someone who smokes weed regularly amp is highly motivated amp this girl raised her handampyelled me 
 at the cannabis coalition marijuana 101 lunch with congressman @repblumenauer  cannon building room 340.
 the weed in the states aint a joke..i get high after 2 blunts
 still wondering why marijuana is a schedule 1 drug when it has accepted medical use in treatments 
 finding weed in your cargt
 finding weed in your cargt
 dude weed in florida is actually super bomb haha
 this office is full of rude anti cannabis jerks. @repbrianbabin refused to accept jointsession invite 
 i have cramps so hooopefully this weed will fix that shit
 the dangers of thirdhand smoke  via @clevelandclinic  thirdhand smoke is a new concept to me. @maureeneclark
 federal government should keep its nose out of marijuana issue 
 ima be in cali for 420 and coachella and cant smoke....kill me right fuckin now
 im the only person ever allowed to smoke in my car again goodbye
 hoes getting out and we on ganja police  wants us to talk but we wont say nun
  river ranch north update smoke may impact driving on highway 60 east of cr 630. use caution 
 when she asks me if i smoke weed 
 support the um. united marijuana coalition. uruguay  amsterdam  canada  colorado  california and other us states. do not support torture.
 dear @uber   1 you have the worst mapsnavigation. 2 let me leave comments for driver before pickup. 3 let me weed out low rated drivers.
 would anyone be willing to move me to a state where marijuana is legal 
 fibromyalgia and medical marijuana  learn the facts and teach others. @massroots 
 does he have an @  i needa smoke wit da gxwd. 
 20170420 seattle  wa  united states cuccis spooky weed  
 ...and @mikestenhouse and i spark one up and talk marijuana legalization @wpro forget 420  it ole 37
 stop advertising this until there is weed in it. until theres bud in this your product is for dumb minors 
 the radio keeps mentioning healthy smokers. isnt that an oxymoron
 dude all im saying is im always fucking sick wtf is going on the government is def fuckig killing us i better get medical weed ya jagoffs
 @tiktikitx joe pye weed comes to mind. also texas lantana  mistflower  rose creek abelia more at 
 finally someone in congress looking to change marijuana from a schedule 1 drug and let states handle their own regu 
 @finebaum homer could smoke a bill ole joint though  probably had an effect on his raspy voice just guessing.
 @prettybinladen haha weed
 no retouch necessary. @elguapo1  strategically suave  dr. rubins smokestack pomade lending a 
 @roynowlin hello  please contact lady crochet soon have a blessed weedend 
 someone pull up with some wears and smoke wit ya boi for his day
 omg pleze .... its just not fun .. please dont smoke weed  pleze justnotfun.   esperwho  @michaelberrysho
 aslms2017 san diego looks like smokers here are ignoring tobacco control measures... @ hilton 
 @realdonaldtrump please legalize pot. i dont smoke but do matthew mcconaughey a solid for having your back.
 my humanities teacher is wearing a tie with weed leaves on it 
 blatant lies or alternative facts.  its all smoke and mirrors america. 
 @mdnreporter i see black smoke off 95 to the west.  looks like a wildfire.  mohave valley
 business is on fire dont let yours go up on smoke.  calltheprofessionals lightingcontractor 
 mathewmcconaughey   i have never liked him.  i would never like an actor who smokes pot amp kills bambi.  
 i feel that a vast majority of the twitter politicians will stop caring about what d. trump does after weed is legalized in their state.
 why is the shower my favorite place to smoke
 talking about legalization of marijuana in business law  and all the stoners magically perk up and ask questions.
 im just tryna figure out how this is actually a thing and why is marijuana demonized like why. it literally benefits ppl who are sick.
 why do ppl go to weed as a cure for their depression marijuana is a depressant 
 how you smoke all that herb
 @melixni testing yo weed rose if its mid or loud
 is this a smoke and mirrors act what kind of president asks for ratings prayers @cnnpolitics  trumpincompetence
 ladies who smoke cigarettes discuss me 
 denver passes law allowing marijuana use in restaurants  bars  and other businesses 
 my teacher gave me the topic of legalizing marijuana for ny research paper
 safd  poison center officials issue warning about superpotent marijuana ksatnews 
 doing my semester research paper on medical marijuana lol give me the a already
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 @realdonaldtrump dear mr president please make the wall out of hempcrete it will be less than building a wall out of other stuff and lasts
 betsy devos is going to blow smoke up senators asses to get votes dont fall for her sorrynotsorry please do not vote yes for her.
 @potus make a hempcrete wall please
 2 people were arrested after in state troopers found cocaine  marijuana and prescription drugs in their parked car.  
 @shimmyneutron ugh poor people who drink and smoke cigarettes 
 favoritepart is when the budtender hands you your meds.   check leafly and weedmaps for our 
 or because america is growing killer dank. in the words of @methodman we dont need your dirt weed we got our fkin 
 if this picture doesnt discourage a smoker  nothing will yikes 
 whatbringsmejoy the millennium falcon  amp weed  
 check out my radio interview today 5pm california time on @kucifm 88.9 with cannabis entrepreneur and investor 
 gun  meet smoke. 
 nuns are now growing weed  i might consider religion again
 spoke with @marysmedicinals on transdermal cbd and cbdn patches  and starting a cannabis business  for @thekindland
 safd officials issue warning about potent form of synthetic marijuana ksatnews 
 can we please get the campus loop bus drivers to stop taking breaks we have class and yall wanna get off the bus and take smoke break..
 i used to smoke everyday now if i hit a jointblunt i get so high i feel sick 
 where da weed at 
 hey  be careful with those smokeless tobacco products 
 @charlesmblow then people that smoke weed can have guns too. more guns for me  ps i hate trump.
 @selennnaa13 its true how can one expect to overcome depression if they smoke to relieve that emotional pain 
 buy balmin smoke 50 blunts.
 when people get on the bus smelling like they are actually smoke  getoff
 we run to da smoke 
 @yosquid im in that occasional smoke as a treat stagnation stage and idk how to just end it already
 spent the day visiting with faculty  staff  and students @purdueinsects and getting to talk about using drones in weed biocontrol. science
 cant make this stuff up woman calls cops to report drug dealers outrageous weed price hike   via @huffpostweird
 new business in north utica medical marijuana. but patients still have to go to syracuse to buy it. 
 lucky you... 12 a xanax a night helps control panic attacks... weed not legal in fl  for that  you gotta be dying... @puppymnkey
 i want everyone to have a blunt rolling contest at my funeral and have a smoke off at my grave
 trail smoke eaters are open for business. renos completed on phase 1 of work on office space. trailsmokeeaters 
 first look at new marijuana bills in congress  via @massroots
 pet peeveno matter how professional  the group the topic of med marijuana makes adults giggle like middle schoolers. grow up people
 well....this is a unique washington thing. go to the local corner store for your weed.....at 
 lean amp dope smoke 
 im doing a project in my comp class on medical marijuana amp also doing a group discussion in public speaking on pro 
 maybe if i take some shots and smoke ill feel better 
 he smokes ice lol 
 jeff sessions offers cannabis industry no reassurance  cannabis via @entrepreneur 
 this customer i deliver to finally invited me in to smoke  turns out this guy is my plugs plug 
 this foo said he had a weed brownie and almost had a heart attack
 soooo when they gone legalize marijuana in all 50 states  
 it has to do with two of my favorite non cannabis related things. beer and feminism.
 smoke some weed sip some wine
 ive modified my general business concept so it can work whether or not cannabis is recriminalized in d.c.  a highly likely prospect.
 @xohailstorm told me which movie theater to go to.. and then she drove to the wrong one. no one sell her any more weed  shes all done. 
 @realdonaldtrump .@housegop .@senategop .@jeffsessions   let me be a job creator  dont make me a criminal legalize cannabis  entrepreneur
 finding that person to smoke herb with and watch anime with is like impossible. that means more herb for me 
 someone smoke with me right now  please 
 how the nurse at kaiser feels on the inside when she asks how often you drink and smoke 
 vote for marijuana to be legal in nc  like now
 still blazing bumping while i smoke @wizkhalifa
 goodand concerningreporting from @cslnyt. pregnant women turn to marijuana  perhaps harming infants 
 if you want smoke we can set up a link  13| thenewmilitia @ southeast  
 tryna get smoked by the shuttle bus
 fuck weed  legalize our people  fucktrump @realdonaldtrump
 they fuked up linkin me wit a smoker  she getting all type blessings from a skreet nigga 
 i just wanna smoke weed and sip lean
 get high everyday was mine  sometimes i forget  but its because im high...  hey  hey  hey  smoke weed everyday..  
 i used to sell reefer  now im 7k a feature.
 @aaronmesh it says several hundred daycare centers.  didnt do criminal background checks. missing smoke detectors and more minor offenses.
 .@thecoldcivilwar what strain are you smoking  you may have a mental disorder  be careful mixing weed with mental and anger issues.
 i used to smoke and talk about the evolution of bacon with this guy tony. now hes up in a video with hannibal and 
 you can smoke in my car is one of my favorite things you could say to me...
 hey smoke break @ salinas  california 
 hb1436 new to amend the arkansas medical marijuana amendment of 2016 regarding expiration dates of licenses and... 
 there is  in fact  a form of insanity caused by excessive use of weed.
 i gotta smoke before work everyday cuz i cant deal wit some of the stupidness in these cable customers
 @jwhittenbergk5 hopefully the rules wont be trump sends in fed to   ruin our cannabis industry
 @foxbusiness @kellyannepolls the democrats are in denial that americans actually can see through their smoke and mirror political system.
 run her bath water and talk. then smoke a few to relax our minds 
 hey im 222 days smoke free 
 im the type to smoke once and think im a pot headb
 i smoke my weed  eat good amp mind my business.
 mix the codeine wit the weed call it cosmo and wanda
 philadelphias public housing residents are breathing in less secondhand smoke since a  2015 @drexelpubhealth 
 is california ready for legalized marijuana 
 moppf @jasonholsman and i may not agree on pdmp details but sounds like we are in sync on marijuana laws 
 @nygovcuomo but you will prevent the legalization of weed
 im just a failed poet musician .. im a step down to politics .. meanwhile most of my recordings are up .. 1000singles .. smoke a joint d
 @piccadillio i troll them left  right and center. then i switch to music videos and stories of marijuana legalization or pictures of kittens
 @nataliecba dad  why is there a picture of you smokin a lot of weed
 @realdonaldtrump @potus dont have stupid contract me they commander i come threaten me  i told you need acknowledge me blow smoke
 marshall ms has evacuated due to a report of suspected smoke. olympia fire department has responded to the school. stay tuned for updates.
 the weed  drugs help .
 pregnant women turn to marijuana  perhaps harming infants 
 smoking weed  dancin round in my towel . fuck im care free rn 
 my us history teacher is so funny  she talks about smoking weed and curses every other sentence. its an interesting history class basically
 although combustible cigarettes usage in ks has gone down  smokeless tobacco use rates remain the same. changethechew
 help us spread the word that smokeless tobacco is not safe. participate in the changethechew challenge amp dont for 
 this lady gave my daddy some bunk ass weed
 lets light those desert rats up smokeem all lets just make it one big american oil field 
 a wv delegate says hed like to see serious studies at the state capitol on legalizing medical marijuana. 
 about to smoke this blunt and watch finding dory on netflix im so excited
 @imhotteronline learn the facts about weed. make sure youre legal so the 50 cant touch you. enjoy medication with no harm to your system
 thats just the weed talk
  i spy a weed leaf  haha 
 free carbc talk feb 10 not just blowing smoke prevalence amp correlates of vaping among canadian sec students 
 retweet if you believe cancer amp other patients should be allowed to medicate with cannabis 
 his favorite weed 
 brentwood pd probly wont even trip if u smoke there lol 
 free carbc talk feb 10 not just blowing smoke prevalence amp correlates of vaping among canadian sec students 
 @laurenovee @lydiaaenglish @hippiechickjh @addymagann pretty sure it isnt weed. weed isnt that bad. i think a stink bomb
 @k9kayaks @lucyfan4 @masterbuilt @tfahrney i really like your smoker
 @unifiednj all citizens should share marijuana profits but political insiders wont do that. @philmurphynj amp @johnwisniewski for themselves
 @kirstwrites oh i can picture thatdidnt br have an affair with his bosss wife and smoke opium moody artist...
 2 main chemicals in marijuana. thc what gets ppl high and cbd  which helps more with pain . basically. ironically also from katy
 basically  there are 2 main chemicals in marijuana. thc what gets ppl high and cbd  which helps more with pain .
 womens heart healthy facts  dont smoke @emiforlove globalgoodemired goredforwomen 
 i never thought that i would be an advocate for states rights until cannabis legalization was in question.
 is @cloudn9nesyrup lean or liquid weed 
 im determined to smoke this bowl   sore throat or not
 no mid smoke 
 you died while i was tending fire as smoke and ash rose to the sky your spirit rose  lifted higher jesus said youll never die rip
 the medio fuerte liga de reyes corona is a moderately priced medium strength smoke. not great 
 the medio fuerte liga de reyes corona is a moderately priced medium strength smoke. not great 
 a lip full of smokeless tobacco  
 she said wt type of weed strain is this  it got me wett
 state legislators will unveil medical marijuana proposal monday  28 states already allow  
 @thetommoore always do. fuggin smokers 
 when i die  bury me with a pound of marijuana. please.
 @realdonaldtrump @potus you are good. smoke and mirrors to help the rich. middle class  you dont know and care abo 
 @atruejoker @maryinlq @loudpunklib666 now if you want to claim that weed shouldnt be a schedule 1 that is a more valid argument
 ive smoked in 1850 states  need to get my numbers up.
 yep thats why im allergic to weed 
 can my chef circle tell me how i can get a hold of pure tobacco for culinary use id like to erm  smoke things with it. @kittenwithawhip
 @gragoydr another frequent argument last night was that highly controlled medical marijuana is a gateway drug to opioids. 
 my mother dragged me to a church comedy thing. its a hen house here.  and im pretty sure this church is trying to reject me. i smell smoke
 a big smoke out sesh before dominican republic trip to do my rapid 
 @loudpunklib666 @coulsonjason @atruejoker if you read you see that i disagree w classification of weed as schedule 1
 would you like some passionparty @ hempstead  new york town 
 nah dawg which one you niggas said tiny look like smokey robinson lmfaaaao
 finding out theres cat tranquilizer  various other drugs in the weed you just smoked is always fun
 @petermansbridge @youtube shouldnt the title be broken promises open nominations. budget  next is legalizing weed. cdnpoli topoli
 where da weed man at
 cant smoke til thursday..... im going to die
 literally weedleaf gem amp a heart.
 this hydro weed i got some i might blow you a shot gun.
 should weed be legalized by the federal government livepd
 @xxxrachelroxxx it sure is funny was in my drug therapy get a call hey wanna smoke a joint right after i txt u wish 
 asksticks  my husband would like to know now that some states have legalization of marijuana does this change the way police make the call
 @vincentcuratola @chrischristie @steveadubato. dont forget to legalize marijuana with that.
 youre not even trying to be controversial tonight @tomilahren  youre playing it safe like youre worried bill wont let you hit his weed.
 thirdhand smoke may harm infants study  resin on walls  furniture.. cdnhealth tedmed pharmamktg mcsmn hcsm
 free weed well dont mind if i do
 @realdonaldtrump legalize cannabis and  use the taxes for the poor
 here is the official tier ii bracket from the cpihl best of luck to hempfield  central york  annville cleona and m 
 the only negative side effect of weed to me is finding adam sandler funny smh 
 who allowed this girl to smoke the marijuanas  
 the same people that created agent orange make roundup weed killer amp patented a gene that made soybeans not die when sprayed.. wot
 cuz she smelled smoke on me ...lady
 im the only one here not smokin weed sip sip sip
 i smoke my weed and mind my business   
 depression anxiety and a lot of weed
 tomorrow afternoon kush 21 premium cannabis.  support your local businesses  especially 
 @rickycobia  amp @thehollowtx so legit smoked amp brewed old fashioned. our new favorite spot @ 
 jus smoke weed u weirdo 
 she smoke krack. you kant acknowledge this lady 
 hey guys.alcohol ingestible poison that kills 90k a year is legal and marijuana a plant that has never killed anyoneis illegal.just fyi.
 thirdhand smoke may harm babies study 
  i thought that was weed but its actually a hermit crab
 well smoke wit you  
 @currensyspitta  there is no filter on this picture  its smoke. @ 
 bowlinggreenmassacre smoke barack hussein obamas crack cocaine or die was outed in gorsuch nomination by potus trump
 can you mail weed
  | new marijuana law under attack in massachusetts
 the question is........  what doesnt weed help  legalization  
 if you do smoke weed  i fully expect you to be investing in dispensaries located in states where recreational marijuana use is legal.
 @realdonaldtrump please please please legalize marijuana nationwide 
 @kmart ur store aramingo ave phila..manager in front of door smoking really i want to shop not smoke this store is cruddy. 3 smokers
 trump is going to legalize weed
 can tobacco smoke residue on ur sofa hurt u quitsmoking thirdhand smoke affects blood cell development in mice 
 ah got ah contract on to the weed weight ah smoke
 i was totally against drug use until i needed medical marijuana  via @xojanedotcom
 @poppotgroup @nopotnoway @yavapaicntyatty @davidfrum antipotkooks lieampdeny when told marijuana lowers disease risks 
 a lot on my mind so smoke by myself
 thats why @taeeedatway da only nigga i smoke wit 
 how is weed gonna help you. how are drugs ever going to help you.
 behpvfreefl flimmysummit pneumococcal  at risk smokers  immunocompromised too.
 @marcorubio fl needs you to support brandes bill open market not cartel run medical marijuana. brantley bill terrible for fl voters watching
 medical cannabis is the hottest topic  to receive a 50 gift card  email your request to receive the card. r.j.mill 
 nah  we gon smoke amp vibe out together. 
 @realdonaldtrump draft an executive order taking marijuana off the controlled substances schedule list. that would help maga freedom
 @marcorubio fl voters need your help to stop the cartel trying to take over medical marijuana we want open market not limits w vertical help
 @marcorubio sen bradley is pushing the vertical model big business only sen brandes is for open market med marijuana we want you for brandes
 legalize cannabis.  cannabis. together  we can  wisconsin. 
 @marcorubio asking you back the brandes bill and not bradley bill in fl med marijuana we need fair open market not cartel style bradley bill
 blows my mind how people go out of state for college and yet all they do is drink and smoke like homie open a textbook  learn some history 
 @petriejenkins @mallory131313 i would throw redman  camron and ricky williams in that group of who i would smoke with along with bill.
 i need to smoke   take a shot or get some  ...
 why the trump administration will not attack legal marijuana states 
 legalize the marijuana 
 fun fact im actually allergic af to weed
 smoke weed in barret station texas. its only right we jamm the da gas way
 if you live in a legal weed state or have quality hookups in a shit state like mine  get you some bud called zkittlez. its the best ever.
 spread chaos and uncertainty as a smokescreen to make people terrified and seize more power. 
 bill walton must smoke weed before he announces games
 the least @realdonaldtrump could do is legalize marijuana for the anxiety his presidency gives everyone. 
 @realdonaldtrump this is smoke and mirrors right what are you really doing
 i want some frozen yogurt amp weed
  very interesting if you drink or smoke or take birth control watch this and please retweet and share
 nah a boogie and pnb rock smoked that idk track
 @realboogey us nightcrawlers are awaiting to see you come emerge from the red smoke with the worms and the staff
 so @kevinolearytv says you cant grow a weed let alone a business in atlantic canada. @jevon care to enlighten a candidate for leader of 
 trump anxiety trumped weed. overheardatdinner eatingalone election2016
 dat mint hit wit da weed 
 its a noxious weed i voted for this bill in committee. bambooweed 
 waking up knowing you cant smoke ltltltlt
 when you tattoo artist gives you a brew ampamp smokes you out before your appt 
 that ass would never leave but ion smoke so da weed could go 
 anniversary night  she takes me for a smoke and drink im lucky. some of my favorites @riversidecigars 
 the fact that cigs are legal but weed still isnt 
 just played smoke  gamble  and drink by bryan james on the @bsnblacksheep with @robcharles1969
 joshwatch his mom won a gun.  i dont know  but i think that qualifies us to smoke one of joshs cubans once this is all over with.
 watching a finding dory while babe smokes. 
 watching finding dory while babe smokes. 
 my favorite thing is to here the excuses vicki makes to justify her smoking weed
 by making weed legal  we improve outcomes for most people who have addictive personalities.  we also impact public safety positively.
 @ayzamalik a distant ship  smoke on the horizon
 my favorite insult ive heard in my life. youre not even a real hippie. youre an ex cheerleader who smokes too much weed. iamweak
 please dont let your dogs ingest weed. poor babies actually get sick from it. 
 @potus what are your thoughts on legalizing cannabis throughout all 50 states yeswecannabis
 @kpisniki @aniaania007 @curtispullin @nanahas22 @leahr77 and you are a self righteous pig posing as a troll. so what i dont smoke btw.
 bro im funny im bouda smoke amp talk to god
 @nkankarosette @foxnews @realdonaldtrump you weed out the rest.  we can only worry about taking care of america first before we try to clean
 imma smoke this  goodbye...
 some good weed would be good right now   too many things going through my mind 
 @ayeekaraa bitch screen shot cuz you a god damn lie thats a shame weed make you gay hoe 
 @doobiusgamer smoke  a door or and watch monday when president uses emergency order against fed judge idiot.
 i mind my business and smoke my weed 
 i mind my business and smoke my weed 
 i wish my dog kould smoke and talk
 my heart beating so fast smoke be worrying tf outta me omg
 dont smoke  photo of me by gabriel parra actress photography model desert photooftheday badgirl lalaland 
 u need to borrow a job witcho broke ass  always tryna smoke up somebody shit. go on head felicia 
 theyre lucky i cant smoke trees til march
 no matter how much i smoke my brain doesnt turn off
 regrann from angelhauscannabisicecream    ah toffee almond chip cannabis ice cream   
 listened  @joerogan podcast w @alexjoneshow amp @eddiebravo ton of bs. please dont do weed it makes you paranoid and into conspiracies
 @realdonaldtrump you must start weeding out the multi layers of obama operatives ask your pilot about the dangers of embedded thunderstorms
 all i do is smoke my weed amp mind my business
 pain management physician and tenn. state senator @dickersonfors20 sponsors bill for medical marijuana 
 lighting a candle wont help. we are saving lives with the truth. cure your own cancer with cannabis oil  
 this is why we love @cannimed  researchers studying usage  safety of cannabis oil for children with epilepsy 
  | new marijuana law under attack in massachusetts
 @rtcom bull shit... those idiots are trying to link the effects of smoking cigarettes to vaping. they think steam is smoke. theyre idiots
 mlb the st. louis cardinals have prohibit the use of smokeless tobacco products  like chewing tobacco  at all games at busch stadium
 desert weed anyone know what type of plant this is hiking desert plants naturephotography 
 @jacobfrey what is your position on state marijuana legalization
 there was so much smoke. @charlestonfire didnt hesitate. sad for this local business amp hope everyone is safe 
 there was so much smoke. brave @charlestonfire was on the scene. sad for this local business amp hope everyone is sa 
 @ganggreensports man that would be a hell of a trip the way you drink  smoke abs gamble.
 just got word that the falcons arent sending out smoke screens and the alex mack rumblings are legit. time to pop some pain pills.
 if things start getting weird smoke medical marijuana to enhance it. whatever it may be and who cares. 
 nobody smoke wit me
 @painingrass well  its a states rights issue now  and those tea smokers in the gop are all about states rights. right @politicalbunny
 breaking the ppps bill  legalizing marijuana and mandating 50 women in party nominations  has passed with unanimously in the house cmp17
 @thekevindent @thmizell @kennyshepard @realdonaldtrump @potus you should lay off the weed for awhile  you sound like your babbling.
 no matter what happens  just smoke and recline
 my soul feels torched and the smoke is starting to suffocate my heart
 well i quit smoking so i say weed  but my heart says wings  torture 
 let me get a shot of weed
 woke up from a good ass breakfast from da kracker wit my da tav fam... now bout to smoke a spliff wit da moes allistrulywell mafiafonk
 @mariocfulco @campchef @wessmith62 @airmunro @oppy8107 @cigarchairman @thburne thats a nice camp chef smokepro dl 
 dto members who trafficked multiple thousands of kilograms of marijuana from el paso to dumas  texas 
 everyone takes a shot   tiff i love weed tt
 the fact that the last song played on weeds was also the first song played on weeds makes me cry im so emotional to this show
 so  the burden falls to states or investigation was only hype  unravels as smoke amp mirrors 
 this another marijuana song huh so pull da reefer out. ive been outta town but shit i heard its legal now 
 as far as weed goes i already adequate it legal bill section 40 im usa government
 i close my eyes ignore the smoke
 im esther. im an actuallivingscientist and im studying cannabis use amp risk of auto accidents. drive safely out 
 im an actuallivingscientist studying cannabis use amp risk of auto accidents. drive safely out there. 
 if u claim to be a plain smoker but i bunning blunts majority of the time just shut the fuck up dnt talk slick bout blend
 thats my favorite uncle on occasion he smoke crack cocaine petty thief and junky but he always had my most respec 
 i got the job and a 10 discount on legal weed.
 after living in oregon for over a year it boggles my mind that weed isnt legal everywhere. watching cops amp people getting arrested for it
 im going to smoke a super bowl haha lolmao
 when you catch ur mother smoking weed on ur patio 
 buy me weed amp in return i will give you a drumstick ice cream cone amp a tube of mampms minis. nice doin business with you.
 falcons. elder tree. smoked briskest. pbr boom 
 being in a state where weed isnt legal kind of makes me just want to curl up in a ball and cry
 america  taxes raised from legalized marijuana would pay off national debt. @potus  do you have an idea to pay off national debt serious
 @potus please at least consider. regardless of your stance on cannabis it is clear in ca amp wa are raising major tax . how will we pay
 @laurabrownesore or as we call it the real high america  altitudeandatitude and legal weed too
 @potus  a future where taxes raised from legalized cannabis would exceed  the taxes raised from alcohol amp tobacco combined btw  no cancer.
 dont smoke cocaine @bbcocobear .  ill have to have you arrested because it is an illegal drug. bbott
 arkansas cannabis update via @arkcannabisind 
 @viclittle3 thats all on everyone who smokes in my car i only smoke the weedz in baby blue 
 about to smoke this treelog 1 rated cigar on the top25list for @cigaraficmag in 2016 bull 
 @tribesociety hey did you guys ever pick a winner for the video sharing contest on fb for smoke out the window
 i used to smoke postits. @rodge2835
 @snoopdogg would you call cannabis an industry or a way of life
 i would rather smoke weed than be on this bus that hasnt gone over 25 mph
 @tyleryost my heart been fucking up ode recently bro  if i smoke ill fuck around and have a heart attack nfs
 running on coronas  modelos  amp every shot i took friday.. and hella weed 
 @sophiarose7070 should i find pictures of you with weed or
 another new fave podcast horizonline from @atlasobscura  ep. 4 the smokejumper.  sent from podcast republic.
 another new fave podcast horizonline from @atlasobscura  ep. 4 the smokejumper.  sent from podcast republic.
 hate and anger are weeds in your hearts garden. pluck them out and watch something beautiful grow in their place.
 luke bryan is a smoke show
 @lanadoe ill smoke ya up to make u feel better when the pats lose 
 i cant wait to post a picture later of a pipe wit marijuana with caption dat say super bowl
 i came across a picture someone posted of weed and it immediately made me want guacamole so id say my priorities are pretty straight
 knew i shouldnt have smoked  slept til now
 my boy got me my favorite shot of kinkys  time to paint and watch a series of weed.
 the super bowl weed related jokes are really unoriginal and not funny
 all i do is smoke weeeed   gelatooooooo in the air   itsdolphhhhh 
 holy smokes   140 falcons 
 superbowl my bathroom is basically peeing outside on weeds. die you weeds on my piss
 @gwenbkesthecake yep. i did love using an electric smoker it was so easy. not sure how i feel about the one i bought  but it worked well.
 welp  falcons really bouta smoke da pats 
 if we cant vibe to nights by frank ocean together  dont hit me up to smoke
 fuck lady gaga im finna smoke through this halftime
 holy smokes superbowl lady gaga kill it 
 lady gaga is a total smoke show superbowlsunday ladygaga 
 this nigga mak mf weed ice cream
 i like to sip syrup and smoke to
 the smokefog inside the nrg stadium should make for some awesome wideangle photographs.
 this is my favorite picture. hi frankie  @ merchants street smoke 
 @tmobile being sly with the weed jokes
 bring ya own smoke  bigassmardigras2 
 medical marijuana bills go down in house  @alhsiidm  can you do me a favor
 @realdonaldtrump  make weed legitimate so everyone can get stone we know you do coke fucker
 if america would just outlaw  cigarettes.. and legalize weed.. itd save more lives than penicillin. and hash  legalize that too. 
 medical marijuana pain management  cancer treatment  legal issues.  come and learn all about it.  march 1st. aalha 2017 conference
 @realdonaldtrump please help us please legalize cannabis nationally
 north carolina weedmen wya replytweet ineedweed
 falcons. warriors. indians. carolina. alabama. holy smokes what a year for championship defeats.
 food  weedhair and my nails th only thing that matter
 georgia is a racist ass state . falcons cant win  wont legalize weed for shit   hawks a joke boy
 talk ta me any kind of way ima smoke yo ass idgaf
 @melancholycunt right i mentioned i wanted to go smoke and she said..... oh. so you down with the jiggy jiggy
 just on the patio smoked out
 the guys that got on the bus after me just got back from a smoke sesh and i just wish they wouldve invited me. how rude
 my rude roomie amp her pal wont let me smoke the hookah w them unless i use my own hose what is thissss shiiiit i mean im sick but ur fine
 smoke my weed and mind my business 
 meh then i just take a shot and smoke a bowl and say ah  fuck it
 all i want in life is to have a smoke sesh with @wizkhalifa 
 my mom keeps trying to make me take pain killers but im good with my weed
 i love that despite the fact that marijuana is medically legal in mass my school shuns it and gets you into trouble for it. this is also
 someone mail me weed.
 @2tall214 deadly verses or smoke with the devil go hardest in my opinion
 cuzzo who got smoke 
 had to smoke this blunt just to get my mind right 
 is it bad to smoke with my retainer in
 im in luv wit da dope smokes
 who the fuck buys an 8th of backyard boogie dirt arie i would smoke it but i get headaches smoking bullshit
 i need a baby that will smoke weed and listen to the beatles with me
 fl the truly backwoods state. legalize marijuana  but lets not implement it for a year or more. great job gov scott. tru man of the people
 @realdonaldtrump do something possitive this week and legalize medicinal cannabis at least medically. we need to research in the us
 @kellyannepolls please  the double standard between 28 states and the federal gov over cannabis needs to stop. legalize medicinal cannibis
 @mikepencevp double standard between 28 states and the fed gov needs to stop. legal medicinal cannabis  we need research in us
 wa. state one of the worse places to have good laws the people there are allowed to do almost anything they want like smoke pot corner
 @gregabbotttx and legalize the sale of medical marijuana.
 mendocinos most promising varietal cannabis  with notes of lavender and gas      via @wsj
 couldnt have done it without brady. he voted for trump. put that in your pipe and smoke it... 
 can i have the smoke butter and lighty please
 @michaelberrysho @pizzauomo we had pretty good grub the other night at your event. smoke quail breast  fried chicken and gulf shrimp  wow
 the law of unintended consequences aka why we need sciencepregnant women turn to marijuana  perhaps harming infants 
 can anyone please spot me a .5 of weed before i lose my mind
  girls shouldnt smoke   its not lady like  me we rollin in dutches or backwoods
 representative taylor people of the state know we must legalize medical marijuana. @tmj4
 wait  were actually tied with the bills wholly smokes 
 who tryna smoke wit chris
 titleofmyselfhelpbook smoke til i get it right
 im immature please  i do adult drugs  you smoke dab all day
 im trying to open my own medical marijuana dispensary
 the shed announces 2017 schedule with jamey johnson  blackberry smoke  and more  
 i cant smoke no mid i smoke everything top shelf facts
 can we just address the fact that my mom called me up before the game last night  to make sure that i wasnt going to drink or smoke....
 most definitely finna smoke a spliff in my schools church before i graduate
 chickenandchips @ the stockyards smokehouse amp larder 
 im doing an informative speech on medical marijuana in a state where its not allowed at all wish me luck
 twentyeight states have legalized marijuana for medicinal purposes. should wisconsin be next  @christaylorwi
 you know damn well if trump legalized marijuana wed all reassess our opinions on him.
 eww you smoke cigs   while holding a blunt in ur hand
 police sniff out seven pounds of weed  timmins 
 my smoke detector wont stop chirping and im not tall enough to reach it 
 hey you stupid fucker with the hey  i smoke weed look pass the goddamn attendance sheet so i dont get my financial aid taken away
 the fact that the smoke detector wont stop chirping..and im not tall enough to reach it and change the batteries 
 @falcfans @steveinbrooklyn exactly it was eugene getting arrested for solicitation that allowed elway to smoke us  lol
 someone smoke wit me 
 glad to see potential bipartisan work to legalize medical marijuana in wisconsin.  prescription opioids can flat out kill you.  pot cant.
 retweet if you ready  mixtape fasa davinci  free smoke vol. 1 @itsrhyland @spinrilla  
 wisconsin democrats urge gop to hold referendum on legalizing medical marijuana. 
 i just want to take a trip with my close homies and smoke a shit ton of weed
 ...and we  in scicomm  edit to let the fire of science show through the smoke. paraphrased from arthur plotnik 
 got cannabis products need a market entrance we create commercials amp tv placement for medical cannabis products 
 you know we smoke the medical recipe
 she just said she has the real original recipe for weed brownies
 i smoke ah vick ah day so this convo aint for me
 no  youre right lady gaga wouldve smoked loyola   
 @senatorsessions i would like to know that as a disabled veteran who uses medical marijuana to alleviate my symptoms that i wont go to jail
 all its going to take is trump legalizing weed  and they allll gone be on the trump train 
 legal or not  marijuana can increase the risk of developing alcohol use disorders  addiction alcoholism marijuana
 blunts will always be my favorite way to smoke weed
 how congress is getting serious about cannabis amid white house uncertainty  
 @xdownsouthx the hypervigilance is a killer and my sleep paralysis when i finally sleep is a killer.  if cannabis helps  im all for it. i
 regrann from @flyingjohnson    smoke trails... jointheteem dieepic teamblackstar skydive 
 @collintheroux @connordegginger haha  the thing is that he actually smoked it. broke on a square up
 all jokes aside. i will deadass smoke all you niggas with yamcha on budokai. and thats real talk.
 me i probably shouldnt smoke since my throats been hurting.  also me marijuana im sure is an herbal remedy
 @realdonaldtrump who controls legal marijuana in states  medical or recreational  state or federal
 i want to cry and listen to sad music and smoke and i also want a torta cubana but nobody wants to do these things with me
 but nope i just smoke my weed mind my business and stay to myself really 
 @pokerpro23 @bfraser747 thats basically what we are doing. there like dandelions  they keep popping up. we need a stronger weed killer.
 charlie daniels said you shouldnt smoke that dope  but i cant help i love rollin stoned.
 lets smoke and take a trip to find and figure out our inner self
 get your facts straight about weed before you judge a  pot smoker
 holy smokes im listening to pull the trigger by russ right now 
 i have developed a method of looking at someones face and instantly determining if they smoke weed regularly or not. so far  quite accurate
 wit gang @sippintech shout out po up and smoke after da show  
 my blunts smoke so nice.  facts
 all that @reaganponder does is smoke amp tell me i need a lightskin
 theres different types of high depending on where you smoke at
 smoking on big ganja. foh if you smoke mid  
 aye @specialkbrook america want that strap @errolspencejr said come get some of this smoke weneedthemstrap. unify
 id smoke more weed but im worried about my throat
 hb1460 new to amend the arkansas medical marijuana amendment of 2016 regarding employee protections and employe... 
 i thought it was weed leaning on him at 1st i wont lie 
 i hate that the kids that smoke weed in high school ended up being right about our political system
 @alastairjb they probably dont care  because it helps create a smoke screen for the crap they are trying to pull
 just more smoke and mirrors... for the most part  all attacks of any magnitude were reported.  
 so smoke this kk kush and watch finding dory 
 wheres all the stoners in the coachella valley i need some weed smoking partners
 hb1451 new to amend the arkansas medical marijuana amendment of 2016 regarding the arkansas national guard and ... 
 im positive that the weed smell is me
 it is unknown if pot causes depression it may be that depressed people smoke pot
 omg my stat teacher is asking who smokes pot
 7 common backyard weeds that are actually medicinal herbs in disguise  thanks @mariarodale realtor
 @carlosperez breaking but yea if you smoke the devils kush you wild die a slow and painful death always 
 firefighters vent smoke from house after making initial interior attack. suspect in custody one dog found decease 
 greengro technologies grnh launches cannabis genetics breeding initiative new division called genobreeding to improve cannabis strains
 looking for opportunities to practice outrageous marketing in the cannabis arena cannabis marketing
 @realdonaldtrump when you going to legalize marijuana so we can all benefit from the taxes. maybe you can get your wall paid for that way.
 she just wana smoke my weed and sip on my lean..
 what year do you think cannabis will become legal in canada under the jt liberal government  
 where da weed at
 @frielryan1 you shouldve said if you let me drink a fat ass blunt and smoke a tall boy then your class isnt boring.
 what year do you think cannabis will become legal in canada under the jt liberal government  
 breaking down this weed. fingers hella sticky 
 also sponsor says to expect a strikebelow taking medical marijuana out of the club bill sb63 
 happy bday to my pretty pretta luv u almost as much weed hits  were going out but actually for your twentieth 
 i rly be down playin my weed
 how is weed legal and niggas doing bids for weed  how are we the united states and we aint even united on selling weed 
 as the new marijuana laws mellow  teachers  executives amp the playdate parents are the new potheads  success now breeds pot
 all yall smoke mid 
 @ffxfirerescue i beg to differ. ffx recycles and a lot of the trash is styrofoam and other hazmat when burned. drove by  smoke is acrid.
 allow the cannabis industry to do business stop washington state senate bill 5264  
 i just smoke my weed and mind my business.
 @potus @seanspicer sessions said it is time congress legalize marijuana  he wants to enforce all laws   as we should  tax money used health
 @potus @seanspicer marijuana wont go away lets not destroy family over a non violent recreation drug  that has amazing benefits  tax it
 verrado should make a page about weed  you wont
 @dclarediane weed out all the illegal weeds from the country she has no right to vote 
 reseachers may have found another cancer treatable with medical marijuana 
 regrann from @sustarmy    repost marijuanamckinley with @repostapp  keep your face always 
 replace my heart with another lung so i can smoke more and care less bihhh
 lmaoooo theres a billboard in kc that says smoking marijuana leads to anxiety and depression 
 @djhoop who are u to judge a female on the fact that cause she smokes its not lady like
 it makes no sense to ban cannabis billboards and advertising. meanwhile  liquor and tobacco ads are everywhere... and they both kill people.
 you have just been elected president of the united snakes of america  your weedman calls you up and says he has some wwe raw grade shit
 patient complaining of headache after drinking 7 shots of roundup weed killer over past couple of hours. overheardonthescanner
 @sengillibrand @senschumer umm  yeah i pretty much concur. however  it never hurts to smoke their account servers..
 @willywill4twooh @telebusiness gw actually uses cannabis in their formulations
 @gigastacey what about a junket relating to a cannabis product
 yall smoke mid
 work for postmates  because you never know when youll deliver donuts to lady gagas bassist and get invited in to smoke a bowl
 its super messed up when state legislatures transform the weed laws the people approved already turning them into hyperrestrictive rules.
 stay positive amp have a great day everyone.  positivevibes @ vaporizeme smoke amp tobacco 
 numb the pain by sipping lean and blowin weed when stressin 
 so my mom literally believes that weed makes my depression worse  it cant help with any medical issues  and its actually bad for people 
 @rebecklyn @connorsayswhat for someone that doesnt drink  smoke or party i always enjoy it. theres also great hiking spots in the desert
 dr. george cons of marijuana legalizationgtmore permissive environment may reduce perception of risk  increased use c @billblair
 im at smoke shack in milwaukee  wi w @davastated 
 yall smoke mid 
 this is public debate. lets let public and our govt decide  but lets make an informed choice dr. george on legalization of marijuana
 this is what happens when you try to rob the gun store on gta and bruh smoke yo ass 
 tobacco smoke
 @countyofla voted overwhelmingly in favor of legalizing cannabis. now we implement the will of the people. 
 obviously  i dont smoke with my niece now in the car  ill buy her toys and ice cream @shannnymuzio @kennnzzzzzzz
 hell nah you cant smoke no cigs or tobacco products in my car
 my favorite thing is getting a whiff of cigarette smoke on a tobacco free campus
 im breathin marijuana 
 we gone blow smoke it the sky til we cant open our eyes yeah
 @joshboblitt @lordbooney @billjohnson16 i always use marijuana legalization. its like 60 of the pop now  and still nothing.
 great mascot smokey the bear  terrible mascot betsy devops
 someone in stuart smoke wit me
 passes 50   @countyofla prepares for impact of cannabis legalization
 this lady sitting beside me in class smell like she smoked ports all her life 
 i have actually smoked this amp did not in fact fly through the window with a broom 
 @grampysmokeswd indeed  the accepted killer the cannabigots ignore. this will end. cannabiswellness
 roll one up for my nigga  gotta smoke it alone  somebody killed him. roamin the city stoned  wont leave the town alone
 im bored. i do deh ganja  den awl ah wanna do is nap. followers are leaving me in droves anyway what the fuck do i care
 so weed  u fix everything
 as cops throw people in cages for weed  the makers of deadly oxycontin join the ruling class 
 dear everyone in my dorm   can you not smoke im not trying to die while studying.   thanks  me
 i want to win this watch the challenge with a champ contest because i want to smoke hella weed with @mtvbananas.  thechallengeinvasion
 what did that poor weed do to you homie  
 @realdonaldtrump  i suggest mr president  tou have some researchers get dirt  on these jerk weed demarxacrats.aces up your sleeve .play em
 depends on how bad im tryna smoke but mainly delivery 
 @cheatcanyonbrew fantastic. i know a ton of med professionals that avoid certain restaurants in the summer due to their smokey patios.
 @tedcruz turn to israel and see what cannabis does for cancer cannabis needs to be a schedule ii drug so we can use its for curing
 @czechtwice nah... they can smoke pot here... no one drinks coors.
 awww shit tomorrow is my brothers bday we getting some portuguese food  smoke a bowl  and drinking haha
 guys that smoke  hugeee turn off.
 repost sanguineandshiny neals banjo having a smoke in  post recording bliss. aarondjones @ 
 celebrities and politicians smoke weed. everyone smokes weed. legalize it
 hey @aaroncarter this is a whole new level  can you please smoke with us
 did you break your piece amp then use superglue to fix it amp then smoke out of it cuz you lit amp flyin here @jivvierorbes
 @jswifttws @weeklystandard maybe she can send smoke signals....just sayin.....
 equal rights amp justice for the cannabis community. set at liberty those who are oppressed. legalize cannabis freedom   us uk eu usa
 waiting for all these employees to leave so i can smoke lmaoo 
 medical marijuana may help stabilize your anxiety. get a recommendation. come see us at magnolia wellness. you can 
 @bbychriss gotta weed out the poor people  so lets just make sure they die
 a surprising number 2 of my lyftubers here have smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. im guessing theyre on their way to being rated out
 its like a bunch of states legalized weed right before trump presidency to help with coping
 @sheboujiee then i have no smoke
 if i smoked right now i would have been sleeping
 we smoke spliffs with some 96 cris
 @micmoodswing @mrangelday26 haha actually learned that shit at your confrence.. stop buying weed and making cd s with a sharpie. invest
 @royaiize @codtwiggy nah your ignorant af i think ima take my 20 min an chill maybe smoke ill be there when im ready now
 illinois asks trump to let banks take medical marijuana business  cannabis via @entrepreneur 
 is weed legal in vegas this lady next to be is lighting it up at the bus stop in front of errrrbody. vegasnights contact 
 my mom rather me smoke wit her versus mfas on the street out hea lacing shit  so to my dukes  
 lets weed thru her immigration stuff. she broke the law  from this perspective. sell ur junk in slovenia. 
 @realdonaldtrump not making medical marijuana legal across all 50 states or not getting the dea to reschedule it
 @vp @potus please legalize medical cannabis we need the research and the medicinal value morphine comes from poppys so does heroin
 trump administration may inspire congress to legalize marijuana  merry jane  potus and potstocks
 baby daddy said he would help me sell my weed when i get back from colorado 
 man diagnosed young with severe anxiety  depression. was on medical cocktail  he says. addicted. says marijuana could help him.
 the wi state senate is poised to pass a bill to legalize possession of a marijuana extract used to treat seizures.  
 i want a fun girl somebody i can smoke wit  take trips  go eat  nail dates  that aint friendly in the hinesville  brunswick  pierce area.
 chemotherapy the old distructive kind wo injectable marijuana is always done in the open when everyone will ignore it then be uaware why
 61 shots  holy smokes 
 my bus driver really keeping us in cuz someone smoked weed on the bus
 @nocupsorliberty   i predicted this ...  i told trump supporters  hes going to turn on weed.  he will  even in legal states.
 all i smoke is killer
 i keep a shooter with me when i make a drop ...he smoke niggas then he make salaat
 @sethkaplan it would bee a cash boon. we could actually lower taxes  preserve our surplus. weed use would stay the same. just be legal
 got a chick  i call her lola she feel like the ocean like to drink and smoke some doja 
 helllll yea i smoke weed how da fuk im sposed to go to probation with my own pee
 @potus @seanspicer many of us who no longer smoke pot want it legal to take it away from gangs cartels and use massive tax base wisely
 close the curtains lets smoke in da ghost
 imma sip it til i feel it  imma smoke it til its done @ daytona 
 solar roof tiles  energy storage  mars  hyperloop rocket landings all smoke screen to fact tsla losing mkt share and growth story is broken
 for those investing or looking to invest in states where business of medical or recreational marijuana is legal... 
 marley unlawful to advertise consumption of marijuana  but businesses could still advertise
 mcoa marijuana company of america engages 420 pros to manage branding and marketing  via @yahoofinance
 hannibal fire department requested that occupants clear hardees caller said vents closed  but electrical smell and some smoke remain.
 @tedsmarijuana thats right lets end the prohibitionist stereotypes of cannabis users.
 friendly reminder that in florida medical marijuana got nearly 2 million more votes than our lovely @potus
 shouldnt they be worried about other drugs than weed 
 4th question tobacco smoke already seeps into neighboring businesses. how to control clean air
 sen paiva weed is enthusiastic on topic its not enough to have a high school degree.
 its like a mood that you smoke. @lucidmood introduces cannabis products for the rest of us. 
 @republicanfraud california is the land of the dirtbags  and florida is trashy too funny. put down that joint and let the smoke clear lmao
 @theamazingkodi your favorite hotel....why is the ceiling dripping and what is this smoke
 oregon has the nations cheapest weed  via @wweek oregon legalweed weedprices cheapweed lowtaxes marijuana
 @jonapplebaummn  i would love to be a part in gauging public interest in regards to the proposed marijuana bill.  giveusthevote
 sen. john kennedy must have sipped him some weed killer before vote to confirm betsy devos as   via wordpressdotcom
 whyimsingle  i wont share my weed
 a pot business boot camp canopysandiego helps budding companies grow in californias marijuana market. 
 @fortunefunny police shouldnt smoke while on duty.
 @sublimewithrome the offspring  bad habit when you smoke 2 joints   jonesbeachtheater sat  sept 16 jonesbeach  
 they both ate the weed brownies and had a drink. that would put both of them in a state of mind that wouldnt allow them consent right
 yall know yamcha woulda smoked cell right
 your wcw smokes meth.
 unpaid intern for @theroot who sells weed to pay bills 
 let sick people have medical marijuana  via @wistatejournal medicalmarijuana science marijuanaheals research
 in a 311 vote  wisconsins senate passes marijuana extract bill. now  it heads to the assembly  and if it... 
 generalmotors post record 4 annual profits now marybarra talks about propose labor cuts america stay focus watch smoke screens in dc
 angelina county drug raid results in seizure of meth. weed  atv  78 guns 
 @jonapplebaummn if your bill were to become law  would you be in favor of sunday weed sales
 the state should legalize medical marijuana    clutches pearls  said the charleston post amp courier.
 my mom just sent me a video basically telling me not to do drugs but its okay if i smoke a little weed 
 leave marijuana alone please @potus
 both night visions and smoke and mirrors collisions folie a deux did i spell that right vessel and blurryface an 
 @realdonaldtrump @intel alternative fact or smoke screen
 why in gods name do i have anxiety problems when i smoke when i dont have anxiety issues
 want surplus revenue legalize cannabis  chat with colorado whose residents continue to vote surplus  into public education wibudget
 quit playin wit my money smokey.....
 racism isnt the only problem with sessions  just the worst. every state with marijuana laws should also oppose him re states rights.
 new bill would end federal war on marijuana  via @massroots educate legalize medicate
 if u my nigga im ridin wit ya right or wrong.  been waitin on da smoke 
 bill to legalize recreational weed in minnesota 
 i cant wait for cannabis testing in oregon to get a leg up because i am tired of dry weed in this legalized fucking state.
 dozens of passengers evacuated from smokefilled station in paris  via @mailonline
 @potus you should probably legalize marijuana before you smoke a pound of it. 
 picture of a weedy sea dragon 
 ill never understand why some parents trip over they kid smoking weed. if they handling they business there shouldnt be a problem imo
 like talk about invading my privacy  for weed
 good luck   legal weed states ... i dont smoke so im good.
 hb1043 new criminal law  smoking marijuana in public and in vehicles  prohibition 
 perhaps i am using cannabis for similar reasons 
 smoke weed and talk to god
 i spoke with plenty of trump voters this election season who think marijuana should be legalized and mass incarceration reversed
 im not the type you take home to ya daddy  im the type you call when you wanna smoke a fatty
 i like it your guest said @potus is a lost ball in high weeds yep its a great metaphor. and most apropos  inners
 @senbobcorker @potus @senatorsessions you mean like gaining control over a uterus or taking legal medicinal marijuana from states
 ima smoke and take charlie on a walk see if that helps
 old lady rey smack me and @dinkkkk  on the bus  she say it smells like marijuana amp think its us 
 @senatorsessions congrats please bring the elite child trafficking rings to justice and end the drug war by legalizing marijuana maga
 @40datruth lmao  niggas whole job is to roll weed and listen to boogie and still..smfh.
 i shouldnt have to watch those nasty tobacco commercials if i dont smoke.
 moodrush cat  smoke mid door  only tech9s.
 you smoking mid boy we smoke jet fuel 
 then her lil dusty ass boyfriend  have  guns and weed in his pictures . i cant wait to pop up at that school on her ass
 with sessions now running doj that should galvanize congress 2 finally legalize cannabis ultimately helping hemp companies cbds grwc hemp
 if i let you borrow my sweather you cant complain that it smells like cologne and weed 
 sb017 engross allow medical marijuana use for stress disorders 
 i dont smoke weed to feel cool smoking it.. i smoke because amp not to sound clich but it calms down my anxieties  nerves  amp depression.
 who can i smoke wit tonight
 taking certain weekends out of the month to chill at a hotel and smoke for some me time . should be clutch
 county niggas still sell da best weed  debate ya mova
 @bigwos knicks sound like a overreaching female talking to her friends about an ex with a weed habit. i hope he gets the helps he needs
 almost time to watch favorite marijuana enthusiast @imyourkid on another awesome episode of @bongappetit pot
 i wonder what teachers at nda would smoke a j with me
 how do we know gorsuch isnt in cahoots with trump  and his demoralizing statement about @realdonaldtrump s tweets are a smoke screen
 how do we know gorsuch isnt in cahoots with trump  and his demoralizing statement about @realdonaldtrump s tweets arent a smoke screen
 never supported any piece of legislation supporting  medical marijuana 
 smoking weed puts me in a chill state  of mind
 rojicalifornia  changing the game @ weed  california 
 legalize weed
 fuuuuuuck  i shouldnt have smoked so much before watching this lmao @legionfx
 @bigdaddycane420. actually  prices are really great. staff is great. just the weed. hmmm....
 @traibrown man come out to the nw. lets go hunt some elk and smoke legal weed
 @realdonaldtrump dude i implore u to stop with the stuff about ivanka judges my god im in ur camp but ur going in weeds giving dems ammo
 sb178 new legalizing limited use of marijuana and authorizing the department of revenue to adopt rules and regu... 
 you not invited to my smoke out...
 oldest us vet alive richard overton is 110 amp smokes cigars  drinks whiskey  amp eats ice cream everyday. who telling me i aint living right
 i smoke a lot of pot when i write music lady gaga 
 bill oreilly retire stupid people have plenty to be happy about in alaska amp contrary to your remarks marijuana has nothing to do with it.
 i just smoke my weed  drink my water  and mind my business 
 increase taxes  cut scholarships and benefits but ignore legalizing medical marijuana okay
 @kiikatrevizo the tarteist gel one i use that one too. these pencils are good for the waterline and to smoke out...when you set them
 @realdonaldtrump  please consider hempcrete please the declareation of independance is made of hemp why not our wall with our names
 having weed with no roll up is just heart breaking
 @realdonaldtrump give police the power of knowlege five reasons cops want to legalize marijuana  via @rollingstone
 great security guard today. had the full smokey state trooper hat. lurked by handicap space and challenged each person who parked there.
 smugglers try to ship phony key limes stuffed with marijuana 
 i hope they legalize marijuana nationwide one day.
 part of paris metro disrupted by electrical fault  smoke police  via @reuters
 if we  as a cannabis supporting community  want change in our laws. we need to win the hearts and minds of prohibit 
 imma always smoke with my homies  ive got a piffsburgh state of mind
 usstc voluntarily recalls certain smokeless tobacco products 
 wish i had some weed right nah bruh
 blowin smoke now on tap @2ndchancebeerco thanks @opsecbbq for smoking the malts  
 san bernardino crazy pregnant lady opened the bus and smoked a cigarette in the door @worldstar wshh wow 
 yes yah honor i feel ashamed  i broke the law but look ill never smoke or steal again
 so to @jordanalaina1 for putting on pants at 3am to smoke amp get ice cream with me bc im sad
 democrats push for medical marijuana after vos says hes open to idea 
 nah just dont smoke mid  
 trump gotta hurry up and legalize marijuana in every state
 nah im just tired of not being able to smoke in public legally 
 when she likes stoners and asks if you smoke. 
 @senthadcochran @potus i trust hell defend abortion clinics. hell defend states that have legalized cannabis.
 @supnomi we gotta smoke once i fully recover though 
 is the north dakota legislature right to ignore the publics vote on medical marijuana 790kfgo
  police chiefs able to keep jobs even though they spread reefer madness lies  deceive public marijuana cannabis 
 @cspanwj @wsj  cbd oil from industrial hemp andor marijuana is effective in treating anxiety from opioid addiction 
 why the legalized marijuana industry is suddenly worried   you better be  against federal law   
 will end some shit over my beliefs too trump just helps me weed people out. @potus
 my business partner no more slacking off. from now on we are talking strictly business when we smoke a blunt
 lots of people smoke at bus stops 
 lining up some weed imma have to take a trip.
 sb928 new criminal law  cannabis  legalization 
 @sallymacfox26 dea needs to change  the schedule of medical marijuana so more testingdata  can be done to help use it for medical care.
 hb2071 new authorizing the medical use of cannabis based pharmaceutical products 
 hb657 new cannabis  use of state revenues 
 in state budget in case they cant get union givebacks  where are the new revenues tolls  legalization and tax of marijuana
 not the type of boy you take home to your daddy  im the type you call when you wanna smoke a fatty
 liberals buy guns and weed whyiresist
 @wsj free ebook a marijuana mystery set in mendocino. 
 @wsj free ebook a marijuana mystery set in mendocino. 
 @qnashae i legit said nah i dont smoke and nigga went off the deep end 
 how cool would it be to build the wall out of hempcrete @realdonaldtrump
 wakes up  takes a shot of henny  goes outside  smokes a blunt  takes another shot of henny how @okr4life celebrates his birthday 
 @nationoffrogs   never said he was  and totally agree.  i use weed in a state where it is illegal.  i am not ashamed or proud.
 @nationoffrogs  i never said weed was evil.  im fairly certain trump is going to go to war with weed  in order to make a deal with pharma.
 i get the bus driver that gets off to smoke everytime im on the bus no matter what time of day
 happy gday smoke turn up  @smokey7
 decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research 
 @realdonaldtrump decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research 
 @kellyannepolls decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research 
 @senatorsessions decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research we need to do the same 
 @randpaul we need to do the same decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research 
 @bobbyjindal decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research we need to do the same 
 when i turn 21  imma smoke weed amp drinking henny. october2nd
 @seanhannity decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research we need to do the same  
 @sebgorka decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same 
 @foxnewsradio @danaperino  decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research 
 @tgowdysc decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same 
 california weed is so different
 @tedcruz decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same 
 @schumerchuck @tedcruz decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us do the same 
 @schumerchuck decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same 
 @senatorewarren @tedcruz decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us do the same 
 @marcorubio @tedcruz decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us do the same 
 researchers who randomly sampled california dispensary marijuana found 90 of the marijuana  was contaminated with 
 @mariabartiromo decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same 
 @realmofcaring decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same 
 @realmofcaring decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same 
 @senjohnmccain decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same
 @greta @msnbc decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same
 watch trump not even go after drug cartels. watch him try and stomp on legal weed. watch the drug epidemic grow. watch opiod use increase.
 @sanjaygupta decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same
 if u are thinking about getting into the legal marijuana field at this point  i suggest u get a degree business stack bread wait 35 years
 @mrtheological dont be tough and funny on here. be tough and funny at my location slim... i promise u imma smoke u in the worst way
 @iran @realdonaldtrump @fbi @abc @cia @nsagov @whitehouse hammond oregon helps make meth and smoke it dea watches and helps her
 ya wcw called you insecure because you didnt approve of her sitting on her smoke buddys lap
 beyond all the coverage of trumps craziness his team is changing things behind the scenes its all smoke amp mirrors resist shepersisted
 sessions and trump will intensify the war on drugs including marijuana. look for sessions to crack down on states that have legalized
 @potus mr. president please consider cannabis legalization. the tax  will help bring down national debt. untested  unregulated comes in now
 its on sessions and trump will intensify the war on drugs including marijuana. sessions to crack down on states t 
 sad to hear the government is growing harmful marijuana. watch out bay are. posion buds all accrose the state
 perus government proposes to legalize medicinal marijuana  abc news    peru medicalmarijuana
 first day with customers on the bus.  oh  you know felicia yeah she smokes crack and does soboxone nice felicia..
 where da weed at
 this smoked niman ranch ribeye situation at smoky rose is  @ smoky rose 
 i smoke weed and mind my business 
 mile high city wont like this. i wont like this. weed will become illegal again. 
 @debbyjsing @kenvogel the way to transform the groundswell is through massive infrastructure prayer for weeding out hate.
 we grew up in an age where it was drilled into our minds not to smoke weed because it is a gateway drug and now it is legal 
 spread some love for valentines day lt3 leave your budtender a 5 star review on weedmaps amp receive a free top shelf 
 @laneyk28 im voting for trump  im against woman  gay and foreigner rights  the poor should pay more taxes. marijuana should not be legal
 you can smoke that weed  you can sip that lean and get high
 omg just trying to get out this midterm so i can smoke and talk to my baby 
 yep this is true amp trending. my favorite pet cannabis is by far @rxcbd  customer service  quality products amp the 
 paw paw refuses to pick up this plastic flower pot outside because he likes watching it blow in the wind... paw paw do u smoke
 @potus you want a trillion dollar industry dominated by the usa  legalize weed dumbshit moon mars space weed
 @realdonaldtrump sir  could you please look into the nation wide legalization of marijuana theres been meds made and revenue from this
 @potus @seanspicer as a former marijuana user i keep stressing how this is the time to legalize it  taking it away from gangs  and taxed
 @hempclothing the industrial hemp industry would be better served if this kind of thing was not encouraged.  just ask oregon state.
 awwwww shit indy just might pass the medical marijuana bill 
 its 420 in beulah  united states. reefer madness
 whats trumps position on cannabis should it continue as illegal drug or be taxed amp regulated like alcohol leave to states @breitbartnews
 just found out our neighborhood won an xmas light decorating contest now pharr pd is blocking the street and bbqing. im jus tryna smoke lol
 sb0557 new as introduced  removes jurisdiction over enforcement of criminal offenses involving marijuana from t... 
 one wish before i die it would for sure be that @rihanna let me motorboat her boobies and smoke a joint with me after
 i dont believe there are any legitimate arguments for why cigarettes are legal and marijuana isnt
 if republican administration weeds out illegal workers  ca farmers voted for 45 say their businesses be wrecked 
 on who da apartment laundry rooms aint da smoke out links
 i was excited definitely listening to this lady talk about marijuana and how it affects people 
 @realdonaldtrump legalize cannabis and mexico amp canada cant sell it to us. its called drug reform.
 i have found out we dont want congress to change cannabis scheduling  but just legalize it out right.hempampcannabis legal a world i want
 please tell me how you harpn about my smoken will make me light up right now or want to kick ya in throat  ill go back to prison. ilgtp
 gop rep introduces respect state marijuana laws act to us congress  via @dailychronic endthewarondrugs
 but really  why isnt weed legalized yet
 can i count on @ronwyden and @senjeffmerkley to support @danarohrabachers states rights marijuana bill
 can i count on @repgregwalden to support @danarohrabachers states rights marijuana bill
 bruins cash in on the power play as @pastrnak96 smokes a onetimer from bergeron at 1731. 31 bruins sharks bruins nhl metroboston
 dnt want no negativity in da airi jus want gaz smoke in da air apg gforglobal @ miami 
 who tryna smoke wit me n justyn
 the weed pin is my favorite 
 goes from hey cam want to smoke to hey cam can i use your truck. 
 @foxnews @foxnewspolitics legalizing and regulating weed would be a great first step in fighting cartels. do the feds have the cajones
 got a chick and i call her lola  she feel like the ocean. like to drink and smoke some doja
 towel up the door we wasnt suppose to even smoke 
 imagine dragons smoke  mirrors while crawling through the 405.
 just smoke and mind your business... that simple.
 finally got to smoke a 4g wood and light it wit a 100 bill
 tomorrow if your in hollywood california come smoke one amp vibe with me here seeyousoon  
 a nigga hate for you to check them on that mid ass weed they be having 
 @bregolidanielle cah me upside with a bull full of weed.
 regrann from talkbernietome    cannabis safer than taking selfies.  cannabis 
 lawmakers look to protect the cannabis industry from jeff sessions  via @marijuanatimesx
 nah herbert good they tryna hoe bro out here that shit gun smoke 
 minnesota lawmakers introduce bills that would legalize cannabis  via @marijuanatimesx
 i always hated breaking down the weed but this really  
 ty @camillequ for invitation to discuss importance of public health approach to cannabis legalization amp regulation 
 an ode to bad bitches who smoke cigarettes after yoga. i see you. i love you. i am you. lt3
 smoking weed in public whyilovechicagoin4words
 im not the type of brown boy you take home to your daddy im the type you call when you wanna smoke a fatty
 why would i smoke an incense 
 likes to drink and smoke some doja
 well im ready to smoke. whos tranna go l4l 
 lady on the bus smells smoke
 writing a research paper for my marijuana class. should i do effects of marijuana on...
 a bad mixture and reinforces buyer beware that even exists in state medical cannabis programs that arent tightly 
 i dont smoke but this funny af  
 met @berner415 at my favorite medical marijuana dispensary in la tlc for the jungle boyz x the exotikz drop. 
 all the sudden these culture vultures wanna sip lean and smoke pack rip @dsavage3900
 i smoke it til its done 
 i smoke to relax my mind and help from slappin your dumb ass 
 why do people smoke at bus stops
 cocaine and marijuana weve been mixing then since the 80s
 feel free to smoke  doesnt say you cant @ astoria  oregon 
 im in love with the fact weed is legal in mass
 @tanglewoodinfo til i die with a chest full of smoke
 breaking johnnys ecigs owner arrested  store raided following @fox46news investigation into synthetic marijuana 
 beautiful smoke phase eastern wild turkey at one of my bait sites. im hoping to catch it so i can get a closer loo 
 take a chill pill smoke da mota
 roses are red violets like rain legal medical marijuana helps control pain  healthpolicyvalentines
 funny thing is i smoke everybody out  
 @hensleywkao kids  this is why you shouldnt smoke crack  it destroys brain cells amp leaves you in fantasy state of mind @aprilpray
 all i smoke is mid
 papers being rolled weed being spread
 you may be hood but are you eat a smoke sausage sandwich off a paper towel hood 
 i dont smoke but this funny 
 real talk weed has saved some of you mfs . 
 anyone against the legalization of marijuana is just uneducated
 yooo this is me 100  i need this video to send it to anyone who asks why i smoke 
 breaking....looks like a wildfire of some kind in caldwell county. lots of smoke in the area. wildfire ncwx 
 @tagitsit youre old  you smell  you talk funny but.....you might advance my career and die before me. want another smoke honey
 join me tomorrow at @miuracigars after 2pm  lets enjoy some smokes and talk about our passion
 fridayhighday when all your friends get together with a pile of weed ppp my friends. @ ibake 
 new pipe smoke session. new vide is up be sure to watch and leave a like  rts appreciated 
 lean amp weed tn.
 an i told her to please take care as i smoked a newport
 ine smoke all day 
 so when pot gets legalized are they gonna release everyone in jail for selling marijuana because technically theyre legal business men now
 anyone else see how theres a bill that is getting made to make weed legal in nj 
 gw pharma is set to benefit as cannabis takes on cancer 
 cant get arrested for weed if trump would just legalize it 
 16 of american states legalized weed
 @tppatriots @raullabrador @dailysignal nice try  why not make weed legal
 hb1519 new to amend the arkansas medical marijuana amendment of 2016 regarding the creation of the medical mari... 
 holy smokes @jaygast23 @justiningram20 what a picture 
 @mstrb8er @skinbiscuits @saltytalk are youll hear this weed talk on @rasradio
 hello here are some more pictures from the dfw norml marijuana conference that they had in 
 that state of louisiana should be put on trail because they have zero atv age laws on the books. put that in your pipe and smoke it  ada.
 the state of louisiana should be put on trail because they dont have a atv age law on the books. put that in your pipe and smoke it  ada
 the state of louisiana should be put on trail because they dont have an atv age law on the books. put that in your pipe and smoke it  ada
 whag news says theres going to be a medical marijuana dispensary in chambersburg.
 should marijuana be legalized for recreational purposes if yo say no  explain why
 mixing medical marijuana with prescription pills thats lit
 the irony of how they try to blame weed for ppl going to jail meanwhile.. 
 the fact that weed is legal heregt
 i cant be slain in for honor niggas dont want it wit the gun smoke
 my school sent out an email today that basically said  hey weed is legal in the state now but please dont smoke it. ps dont get caught.
 if you gotta smoke just to ease the pain  then thats just another issue you have in your life.   but i wont judge............
 this nigga just asked me do i smoke mid.  does your daddy sell mid
 give me weed instead of roses and lets see where this goes 
 ella by santa rm amp smokey always get me into some type of way.
 where da fuck da smoke in dallas
 happy to announce recent studies prove weed isnt something i would enjoy as i once did
 gw pharmaceuticals is set to benefit as cannabis takes on cancer  via @thestreet
 hb1508 new to enact certain prohibitions regarding advertising for medical marijuana. 
 keep cannabis data open amp free for all  facts cannabis stayaware cannafacts knowledgeispower
 dropped 300 on weed monies  now im broke but amazingly stoned. worth 
 me and weed had some good times too but with all my anxiety and just stress of life right now...a panic attack aint worth it...
 people used to judge me when i smoked pot and now thats all these people do man i swear yall are  hippocrates 
 you the type to smoke her out and im the type to serve her dick.
 i honestly forget marijuana isnt legal in other states 
 i literally cant sleep if im not stoned and guess who doesnt have weed
 1.8 mil ma yeson4 voters outraged w politicians delaying marijuana legalization httpst.coafywx5vxxt 
 please predict nc to be the last state to legalize weed @yg 
 so the governor of wv is afraid of trump if the state legalized medical marijuana. clearly the biggest coward aroun 
 its basically like  those marijuana stores youd see in legal states  but run outta someones house lmao
 South Carolina 
 my customer just told me he drinks vodka and smokes pot everyday ahhahahaha best customer evaa
 all i do is smoke amp mind my business lol
 @sueannlevy @joemeyer1 but find a hundred brave police to close weed stores.  easy gig
 @dcbluestar i guess his move at this point is to release a video of himself smoking weed through a gas mask haha dropinthedraft
 someone smoke wit me and @kssomerville
 @menohabla that shit dumb ass hell sell weed til u can do some legal shit but if u tryna be the best drug dealer is the stupidest goal ever
 heal your heart music video campaign @jellybreadlove amp @whittonmusic. bringing medical cannabis awareness 
 preparing for recreational cannabis  bossisback
 presidents day is on 420 this month  so my assumption is that marijuana will be legalized by ya boy @realdonaldtrump
 @cpactv please  please legalize and regulate medical cannabis federally. so many can benefit from this low cost med and its derivatives.
 pull up to da driveway you might smoke ah half before 5pm
 @realdonaldtrump marihuana increaase to 200.000 hectareas during santos administration by farc orders. this product is going to usa
 who got da weed
 bltc event @ corona smokeshop in battle creek  mi 
 another reminder that mississippi is not a medicinal marijuana state. your prescription is not legal here. 
 @flawsnvanity  that dont fear me none...im puerto rican we wit dat smoke too 
 gaga smoked da whole pack o them marlboroughs.shes just getting started. cant wait to see her blow it in they face.httpst.corapvhtrdyc
 good weed and cold drinks  thats the mother fuckin recipe
 i smoke wit these two
 what i hate the most is breaking down weed
 ah you are an idiot. cant smoke if you are dumb enough to get caught with it. 
 in da weeds @ mlse launchpad 
 @kayakrepairman1 i suppose you are against legalization of marijuana also
 everyday filled with buffoonery smokescreens rs divide among cabinet 
 good weed n cold drinks thats da modafuckin recipe
 only women who smoke cigarettes can suck dick amp actually make you cum from head alone.
 us smokeless tobacco sent me a letter of all the recalled snuff. my type of choice isnt on the list 
 when the spliff smoke gets in your eye 
 haha bro come smoke this ganj out my ass
 @foxnewspolitics please inform the president that needs to make sure to have his staff finish weeding out the muslims from the white house
 seen this kid come from nada scrapping shake to smoke up now he got 1000 on his neck and another thouwow on his fi 
 hb1185 new criminal law  cannabis  legalization 
 if you smoke the right weed you wont be lazy
 if you smoke the right weed you wont be lazy
 thank you motrin is there any better feeling than a fever breaking and you can actually smoke a cig because your throat doesnt hurt
 heres a picture of the in austin talking about medical marijuana and marijuana reform and also 
 money clothes and hoes blunt smoke comin out da noseeeeee
 monica talking to her mom pull up somewhere vacant so we can smoke on the beach
 all i smoke is killer
 on 215 the encinitas city council will consider adult recreational use of marijuana. please take my quick survey 
 get @jessbuttafuoco on @hightymesco the podcast  all i want to do is smoke with my queen jessie 
 @realdonaldtrump @kellyannepolls the way to win the war on drugs is to teach everyone to grow their own cannabis at 
 @staceyaurelia i say smoke
 you arent all dying roses   some of you are just weeds
 happy belly  full heart vivalasfortworth @ woodshed smokehouse 
 happy birthday  money makin mina  im a smoke my last few blunts wit da birthday milf da real griselda blanca  
 @arzaylea @zacpattacky i really like this statement bc xanax is a hard drug and is addicting. marijuana helps just as much amp isnt addicting
 @jonathonmcclen @skulleeroz please dont smoke.
 livefromacatholichighschool all freshmen boys  wearing ties in typing class  as the bluehaired teacher chain smokes in classroom. 1970s.
 since the smoke has cleared what jimbo did for the valley @reptimryan has ran out of ways to help us so now he must attack @potus wespoke
 fair warning  this is what will happen if you get your dad a smoker for christmas  hell turn into this.. 
 this man is to be feared. again  find a pot smoker that voted trump and slap the ship out of them 
 thesantaclaritadiet is the beautiful hybrid of united states of tara  weeds and  you know  a show where drew barrymore is a zombie.
 my bid vs scott walker legalize weed use taxes from that to switch wi over to clean ever
 i actually hope i can go to her weeding now
 cass i like boys who smoke weed and talk about death   @casseramirez
 my queens connect be on a different type of breed when it comes to weed wtf
 steve kerr isnt a coach. he stands on a sideline  sucks up to steph and kd and smokes pot at night.
 when the bff comes into town we smoke cigars 
 since were talking about this coke is a serious no no. if youre gonna do anything smoke week  it wont kill you as fast
 since were talking about this coke is a serious no no. if youre gonna do anything smoke weed  it wont kill your heart as fast
 home remedies for headaches anxiety pain eating disorders depression  etc.  codeine and cannabis
 my valentine is the jay im going to smoke and the ice cream and candy im going to eat 
 me when i come back to california and buss into my apartment lookin for my weed 
 me in the weeds vs me refilling the ice once 
 if you choose to smoke and drink instead of being a mother you shouldnt of had a child .
 be honest would you change your stance on trump if he says he legalize marijuana tomorrow
 be honest would you change your stance on trump if he says he legalize marijuana tomorrow
 i just wanna smoke   talk about various topics that make ya face light up with excitement and learn who you are ..
 @wenotsocks nam myoho renge kyo ... advice is tough to give .. um a little of all 1 beer 1 shot and weed if you feel like it  or pass on all
 and perhaps smoke some gelato 
 faxts but smoke or get robbed  
 guys that smoke ltltltlt yuck 
 guys that smoke ltltltlt yuck 
 the best part is hardly anyone actually works. everyone is full of shit. smoke and mirrors. those actually working will rise. facts.
 @jasdejuice weed always has me slumppppt lmao
 and if the administration were to weed out illegal workers  farmers say their businesses would be crippled.  
 @1uphickey what dies driving wit no lights have to do wit weed
 my shits great amp i smoke todo el tiempo
 i wonder when america will just stop being on bullshit and legalize weed everywhere....
 so you are about to smoke ice are you 
 if you wanna crackdown on drug cartels  you could just legalize marijuana... 
 christopher nolannice post 8 and i have to be honest i love too smoke ice cream and f 
 hows israel relative to the rest of the region doing regarding the worldwide war on marijuana and queer rights... 
 imstillundecidedabout which type of weed to buy at the dispensary  
 gets shot in the guts. chain smokes. 
 @midnight @joshjohnson git off me paw. . .yer crushin my smokes
 @govmarkdayton please do not allow marijuana to be legalized in mn. it leads to worse issues with drugs. do the right thing for mn bless you
 @hickforco you should be ashamed of yourself. a billion in weed nothing for education. 
 you smoke me nah why 
 @braddjaffy holy smokes  heres where were at a spokesperson for potus is out amp out lying on globallyviewed @thisweekabc
 girls shouldnt smoke bitch mind your business
 6 weeks without a cig tomorrow. my risk of heart attack has significantly dropped amp im more likely to be smoke free for life  
 do or die amp smokey da bandit   chicagolegends doordie bandit ripjohnnyp ak47 belozero 
 @babyyyliz so basically how i feel about weed lol
 resident shovels cocaine off the street weeks after gateway marijuana pot reefer is legalized in massachusetts. 
 please  please be aware of the cannabis laws of the states youre visiting 
 when native women were burning incense @womensmarch  other people were asking who is burning weed intersectionality aafeminism
 i smoke my weed amp mind my business
 the fact that i could smoke a whole 3.5 right
 this ice roundup is a smoke screen to take attention away from other actions this admin is taking.
 wildfire burning in eastern moore with smoke blowing into norman. okwx 
 fall river  ma smoke showing 202 franklin st multiple calls @pcfntips
 should medical marijuana be legal in all 50 states this is for a friend who doesnt have a twitter plz rt this too
 if you smoke them 3 for 1 cigars hell nah you cant smoke wit me 
 ...when things are amiss just let the herb smoke bring you bliss natures kiss 
 likes to drink and smoke some doja
 lets smoke and talk about our love for pizza 
 jeremiah also gave away some of my weed last night so now i have no weed for the ride home. he ruined this trip for me never again
 hmmmmm....should i smoke an
 may her brand go up in smoke. byefelicia 
 retweet if you think weed is  
 we gotta get salt bae on chopped so he can smoke the competition until he tries to use the ice cream machine
 martha would smoke a blunt with you and help you spy on your ex 
 theres a bluebird in my heart that wants to get outbut i pour whiskey on him and inhalecigarette smoke
 i just need trump to legalize weed and after that go get him
 im all for legalization of marijuana and even open to dropping the age limit of all drugs to 18.
 need some new @wizkhalifa to smoke to
 smoking weed helps your anxiety sorry thats illegal. try these expensive and potentially dangerous pills that well increase over time.
 id be like hey it was a taquito but if i wanted to smoke a cigar in public i can so mind your own god damn business 
 psa. marijuana is not legal in louisiana. it is not legal in new orleans. you can be arrested for possession of marijuana in new orleans.
 god gong weed.
 alright fun fact in 2012 a twenty year study ended and found that smoking weed increases lung capacity amp reverses damage caused by tobacco.
 nah man i dont use ecigs i just smoke regular old acoustic cigarettes
 jeff brandes files competing medical marijuana bill  via @tbtimes
 charlie daniels said ya shouldnt smoke that dope  but i cant help it i love rollin stoned
 niggas who smoke outside in the cold are ode brave. i wont even get high
 meanwhile  california legalized marijuana.  insanity 
 @carolmoson @mrevanmccann @abc there is ample voting id.  you cant vote if youre not on a registered voter list.  carol  go smoke a pack.
 i just smoke gas and mind my business.
 had an inner argument with myself about weather or not my weed eater needed more power even though im only cutting grass
 @warrantrocks the haggard cover smokes anxiously awaiting the new album...
 should i put this here cannabis oil in my bath this evening yes yesishould really greatidea relaxx
 okay but why is captain smoker daddy af help me 
 the hardest part of making my weed brownies are over. finished filtering my oil amp in the oven they go
 you smoke mid stop mentioning me @patgottti
 smokin california weed with california hoes
 im just trying to sip some brew smoke some blunts @funsize1449 lets get
 @chuckwoolery maybe their respective head demons take drinks and smoke cigars together.
 someone smoke with your boi 
 breathe mommy this is good weed mommy 
 i aint in the helping business no more. im in the fuck off while i smoke a blunt business amp business is about to pick way the fuck up.
 and when we smoke we gotta use some incense babeee
 im assuming joint press conference isnt an announcement that the us is going to legalize weed too 
 all da weed
 @potus  just another reason to legalize cannabis in the u.s. hit them where it hurts.   buildthewall
 u.s. government finally admits defeat declares marijuana kills cancer cells 
 if anyone says anything about lady gagas body that is not she is banging or what a smoke show i will hunt you down amp destroy you. 
 after some inner debate  i am at peace saying that lady gaga is indeed a smoke 
 most only wanna hear migos type of raps retarded nursery rhyme flow and songs about lean  weed  money  and hoes. 
 someone smoke wit me
 kinda crazy that everyone is okay with cigs being legal  while knowing it can give cancer  0 deaths by weed and its a struggle to legalize
 there is a cure for cancer is called the legalization of marijuana cannabis oil  do the scientific proven facts amp s 
 worked on the jobs website today. im a multifaceted budtender. i can do things besides sell weed.
 @daddyspipes im not smoking weed until yall are back open. so please please please please dont be too long. daddysforever
 he ah make you smoke another blunt 
 so im not allowed to smoke weed while im here  ima die
 killer mike said invest in medical marijuana...... we all ready have 
 wit no bitch  smoking weed wit my boys.
 bored out of my mind. even with the smoke and lasers.  @ the 
 @tweetsbyray i hope more life is just drake goin retarded and sendin shots at all these faggots. pnd can get smoked too.
 @forstall i can smell your weed from here... and usps says your over the pacific ocean...
 bottom line trump is not qualified. trump uses fear and hate to mask incompetency. all other issues are just smoke and mirrors. bantrump.
 wtf amp who recording the shit tripping boy i smoke everybody inat bitch behind mind thas why nobody watch hea  foh 
 off til thursday.  do i drink or smoke
 after i smoke this blunt i wont even rember ya
 hey friends lessa smoke
 better science indicates secondhand smoke is not so risky @jacobgrier @slate  still  secondhand smoke is obnoxious.
 legitimately going to put forth an application process before random men get to talk to me. weed out well  actually and yes  but so fast
 @broderickgreer @dianacialino the @nra profit lobby uses the same fear marketing big tobacco did with smokers rights. @csgv
 shell have some more weed and be fine. run home to daddy.  boss doesnt care. @potus @vp @realdonaldtrump 
 @ryannxx way more weed there i used to go there
 medical marijuana  inc. subsidiary  hempmeds  announces new affiliate program showcasing customer loyalty 
 revolver cannabis always bumpin on my phone
 tsla also looking like its about to smoke ath
 all ya do is smoke tobaccah 
 @potus @kellyannepolls please make a positive statement in support of medical marijuana.  research amp testing is  medically needed.  retweet.
 i just go to school smoke and mind my business 
 mister president  why dont you make an executive order to reclassify marijuana to class 23. @potus @realdonaldtrump makeamericawellagain
 weedbunny concentrates have been a staff favorite since we started selling legal weed come 
 i bet finding crack would be easier to find than weed 
 @bryanfj @wolfblitzer @cnnpolitics @cnn @ananavarro @donlemon dont matter you aint about smoke  youre a  with a parody account
 handsoff banking regulations mean oregon is flush with marijuana cash  via @katunews oregon cash banking money
 can cbd and thc in cannabis be used for glaucoma treatment 
 his picture was too funny not to share smoke out the ass. resistance impeachtrump 
 i know people that be on smoke if they met a homophobic mother fucker.  
 breaking down borders the rise of u.s.canada cannabis partnerships 
 her life is super green   as it takes the teacher 5 minutes to figure out were talking ab weed 
 as a former firefighter  cool product. @nikirasor @lorigreiner but old turnout gear is stained with carbon from smoke . is it safe
 marijuana and gender equity why cannabis industry is a magnet for women executives 
 so big take away from grammy weekend  is that in this age of legal marijuana in california  
 something funny is happening in the marijuana business  and its not just the high 
 @pushkinforhouse what is your bill number for medical marijuana....i would like to support it....@tonyrobertswtsp
 leasing to a marijuana business  via @remonline
 states keep passing laws on marijuana as antimarijuana leaders take over via @forbes 
 breaking down borders the rise of u.s.canada cannabis partnerships 
 conservatives guns  kill gays liberals dude  my weed. fucking trump is a taurus ofc  me intellectually superior lower case
 ya bf stance wack  his hair wack his style wack his raps wack the weed he smoke wack  me im tight as fuck
 pretty sure i like weed more than people. facts
 @ivylevan snapchat bahahahha ... let there be fucking heart smoke...  
 @lebatardshow i voted no.  i personally believe that marijuana isnt as effective in pain management.  plus it needs to be nationally legal.
 lt@n909gt this guy is traveling in oregon lt@n909gt and ran out of weed lt@n909gt so he comes to oregon lt@n909gt and asks us for some
 breaking off weed on my diploma
 the best thing about seeing gaga in washington  legalized. recreational. weed. yas.
 who smokes weed on the bus 
 niggas be making up weed names for they customers 
 fuck weed... legalize my people 
 when youre out in public and you admit to yourself  yeah  i probably smell like weed. happymonday
 leftist obama commies attack pres trumps  daughter son grand kids  obama kid flashes her bare a smokes pot on camera amp not a word
 one of my followers sent me weed in the mail omfg 
 teaching legal updates at the atu includes introduction to the emerging pa medical marijuana program and laws. 
 @wolfblitzer @cnn is voter fraud claims another smoke screen to avoid talking about moreimportantissues facing wethepeople
 stephen miller is a meathead with the fraud allegations. are you doing smoke amp mirrors so the facts 
 it cost 2 500 if we smoke in the hotel thats dragged lol
 long story short this drug counselor told me i shouldnt smoke weed amp that there are better alternatives to help me sleep such as ambien
 all you do is smoke weed  yeah and mind my business bitch  you should try it
 legalizing weed wont be implemented federally until its projected to make more profit than the privatized prison system
 yeah  sure  i guess ill accept working at another weed farm. i dont mind at all. yourfriendlyneighborhoodkushkingpin
 really all i do is smoke my weed  mind my business  and stay out the way.
 httpst.co3xwuvxwwbk slate secondhand smoke isnt as bad as we thought  
 should marijuana be legalized in georgia 
 pretty sure your gunna smoke with me and breanna  
 you could help end prescription drug abuse by legalizing medical marijuana  but you still buy that its a gateway 
 customer you smoke me yeah  pot knuckles
 @jayytea23 smoke 1 wit me jt im off papers 
 tryna smoke wit gangery
 i smoke my blunts in public not fucks given ..
 smoke weed if my baby lets me or i wont get laid
 please see your doctor regular. if you smoke please do not. use suntan lotion just while walking always use sun screen .cancersucks
 who even cares about emmalina she cant wrestle she blow smoke up her ass thats about it raw
 testing the co2 laser on a tongue depressor. do you see the smoke this laser uses carbon 
 herb like where the weed at
 i just smoke my weed and mind my business
 have you successfully used medic. marijuana to help with a health issue could you take my anon survey  or please rt.
 i be sitting at da light sometimes and just get da vibe from the other driver that they want smoke lmao
 a crowd member asks if oklahoma votes in medical marijuana  whats to stop the legislature from repealing that
 got a chick i call her lola she feel like the ocean likes to drink and smoke some doja
 orlando  where da weed
 sb254 engross to amend arkansas constitution  amendment 98  also known as the arkansas medical marijuana amend... 
 @jobansfire haha. like a weed. that is my buddy jerome i use to work with
 breaking in the walmart hikers for the easy level hard hike  also so smokenbrew1 for the 
 it helps if youre in another room.  you hear the detector before the smokefire makes it all over the house. 
 god my brothers weed gets me high so fast. its destroys my throat too 
 i smoke da cookie for lunch
 cant smoke weed amp not listen to  @wizkhalifa
 how unions got into l.a.s marijuana business   via @laweekly
  all i care about is money and the city that im from . imma sip til i feel it imma smoke til its done ..  
 congress investigated benghazi  whitewater  etc  and those were wisps of scandal compared to smoke billowing out of trumpland right now.
 for help with your medical cannabis card  please call medical cannabis outreach 3093388900 
 the song el baleado really makes me down to smoke a fat ass blunt  but knowing my mom would beat my ass calms me down right away 
 i want to take pictures drunk and have a pack of smokes. whos with me.
 shouldnt have smoked
 @realdonaldtrump can you legalize weed in texas already my dude 
 smokin dis weed i provoke da bad vibees its calmin my nerve n da anger
 me sucking on lollipop employee maam you cant smoke that in here
 smokin this weed and mindin my business 
 a friend of mine that smokes pot regularly was just diagnosed with cataracts  and now i dont know what to believe
 sb333 new to amend arkansas constitution  amendment 98 and to ban use of medical marijuana in food and drink u... 
 @realdonaldtrump cut govt by about 60  cut severance pay  weed out the spies and degenerates
 tfw you chain smoke and make slef harm jk after being shot bc deep down u wish the shooter didnt suck ass and coul 
 @sharashay mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @djslyplanet mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @nineoh mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @rubenxocean mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @supersaveyahhoe mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @bmoore420 mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @itzgerm mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @markeenatherese mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @rob4buckets mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @iamketon mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @yungkasso mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 a democratic bill for marijuana legalization in minnesota will not pass through a government overpowered by republicans
 @omgitskrystol mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @meangirrrrl mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @gaonthetrackbjm mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @thacamerajeezus mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @finelikekey mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @yrnlilgsavage mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @youngsnoop mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @lyricmontella mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @kissmybeauty mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @mooktbg mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @dudeclayy mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @jizzledagreat mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @tofyounggods mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @1shermyola mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @iwearredbottoms mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @darondamanz mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @niyak mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @xbryannaaa mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @youngdaybeatz mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @awwstenn mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @xjeshana mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @laidbackshard mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @kingklip mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @treymadeaway mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @bussinjuggz mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @northcaptainwfp mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @kissmydope mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @theyloveasiaa mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @luhcandy22 mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @fiveftandsome mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @memyselfyu mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 @xpureseduction mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 all you do is smoke tobacco.
 colorado governor offers advice to california on taxing legal marijuana 
 legalize cannabis worldwide reports  cannabis effective in treating aggressive brain cancer  legalize  jd usaf  
 flynns resignation  smoke and mirrors.lowendowski firing same.flim flam. title changing maybe 
 im not w that   buy weed before you pay bills type shit .. thats fucking stupiiiidddddd
 update my history teacher now calls me ganja daddy
 @turnerashbyhs @shsblazercrew and spotswood smoke you by over 30 points  haha
 legal marijuana operations are finding space to grow and store their product by paying premium rents for warehouse space. @entrepreneur
 colorado governor offers advice to california on taxing legal marijuana cannabislegal 
 colorado governor offers advice to california on taxing legal marijuana cannabislegal 
 broward comm set public hearing on medical marijuana zoning laws for march 14th at 10am. 115 s andrews ave fort la 
 at last  monsantos roundup weed killer must have cancer warning label  safefood slowfood eatorganic groworganic
 were just casually talking to our teacher about how we smoke 
 legalize cannabis worldwide its about liberty basic human rights health jobs industry medicine  most important  b 
 do you mind if i smoke
 @anthonyceraso coupla smoke waitresses at valley dairy lol
 @j0nnytsunami youre neighbors smoke  haha go make friends mane
 on a weed hunt 
 has anxiety drinks espresso and smokes a cigarette
 to the right on cloud 9 and to the left up in smoke  however your date goes  we got you covered.  happy valen 
 today california to hold hearing on states progress to regulate legalized marijuana. hearing will be livestreamed 
 @harrisfaulkner @sandrasmithfox @harfmaria @meghanmccain @davidasmanfox let me b clear by cummings indicator of smoke amp mirrors @potus
 to all women who use abortion as birth control  birth control is basically free or the cost of a pack of smokes
 smoking california weed with california whores
 @emolclause @speakerryan dill weed
 for anyone who cares about mayweathermcgregor there is nothing of subtance or any fight planned. this is basically smoke and mirrors.
 2 of donalds staff resigned with actual links to russian espionage or matters that can be seen as treason. theres never smoke without fire
 @msnbc mnuchn sent out as first smoke screen at press conference today   looks arent everything dt elected potus but mnuchn is sleezeball
 the worst thing about moving towns is finding a weed man
 the dea has inadvertently ruined more lives than i can imagine by making hemp a schedule 1 drug. all so gw pharma can file its new cbd drug
 @grimmycoyote the fact that weed soda is a thing blows my imminent
 @tommylitch idiots are still picking weed. sad
 gotta write a research paper about legalization of marijuana. actually pump about this
 what if kings of leon and queen formed a joint band haha dude this weed is killer
 i reek of the ganja and my teacher decides to sit her ass right next to me
 @wendellwobble are you guys aware of the issue with smokes on which they silhouette depending on the surface they land 
 @bluehanddutch @whowolfe idaho wont give you a snap card wo id or any drug conviction. incuding weed. dont know about illegals.
 my geography teacher my earth science teacher used to smoke marijuana in front of his students.. those were the days
 the thing to remember about this sessions medical marijuana debate this is about business.  via @michaelauslen
 @realdonaldtrump @cnn  no donny your smoke screen wont work youre a traitor amp lier as is your cabinet amp will be caught we wont stop
 highly likely  all smoke and mirrors 
 @lucaebooks the deli container catches the melted ice and makes free liquid smoke
 niggas that cough when they smoke ltltltlt
 florida has legalized weed 
 yo congress  if you decriminalize marijuana everyone will be too high to pay attention to what you all are really d 
 @realdonaldtrump we arent fools wont be distracted by your amateurish smokescreen. answer to treason youre fired.
 amateurish smokescreen @jasoninthehouse @realdonaldtrump wont do your job youre fired. 
 maybe joetrudeau will actually legalize weed 
 she should also probably smoke weed and enjoy my shitty jokes and help with my anxiety
 happy b day to my man trev daddy  cant wait to eat mcdonalds with you and smoke a few els when im back homelt3 ur the loml @stelluto2
 ice for the bong so my smoke is chill.
 appeals court rules marijuana legalization group can use iowa state logo 
 reason 987 why california sucks you cant purchase smokeless tobacco without a california id get fucked assholes
 @iamkrsone the conclusion after studying the art form through accumulative research is he is a blunt being smoked and he cant wake up.
 @brianaaajohnson awww weed be gr8 together 
 breaking. passengers at iah taken off a united airlines flight to fl after smoke reported in cockpit. no injuries 
 yes im pro cannabis... legalize lets fix that national debt. 
 @bigbadbruins94 youre pushing for playoffs  you dont really have the guns to sustain run. if you meet mtl and get smoked by cj
 ltmylesgt i wonder if i talk to my marijuana it will make it grow faster
 ya boi just got some free weed  not sure if its loud or not but at least its free
 where da weed at 
 jody wont smoke a cigarette until he make you cum
 imma smoke sum gas with ya but cant sip none of my lean @cornerboyp
 @bexstasy @joeamariii let me know how that one goes bc im curious but not curious enough to find and smoke them myself
 secondhand smoke has proven to travel outside of designated areas. tejanosagainsttobacco 
 i mean who am i going to go outside and talk amp smoke with now that callie is gone 
 worst part of having a sore throat is not being able to smoke
 hr63 new urge congress to reassess the federal definition of industrial hemp  allowing the product to contain u... 
 whack bitches dont deserve this a1 premium smoke sausage
 why is this not a thing already  you have to be a certain age to smoke seems like its a parallel concept. 
 the fact that i wont be smoking any weed today really has my chest hurting
 71 of walton county and 72 of floridians voted they want medical marijuana available for those who need it in the community waltonbcc
 at least they legalized weed to help with the stress 
 my 19th consecutive valentines day alone.  who needs love when u got weed and csi and criminal minds 
 best way to hide marijuana plants from helicopter view  in a legal state.  without greenhouse.
 heart shaped cookies  milk amp watching weeds happyvalentinesdaytome
 i always catch attitudes right before im finna smoke 
 im getting a tattoo in a smoke shop right now  is my life real
 i smoke my herb and mind my business
 the weed may make my eyes pink  but only you can make my heart red
 this wont smoke itself 
 i smoke weed amp mind my business. yall should try it
 mj is really trying to smoke ribs on a hotel patio thats ratchet beingmaryjane
 happy birthday  oregon. thanks for legalizing weed and growing such great weed and just being not a flyover state.
 i love weed discounts
 i love weed discounts lt3
 mix that lean mix that yellow w that purp ...yuh smoke my gas n rap my verse...yuh
 this lady smokes while being pregnant  classic
 so im studying on campus right now  working on the 4.0 grind and some deep weed is literally playing with a taser..like an actual taser
 my daddy then spoked that weed na he want talk 
 who at aampt tryna smoke 
 hey everyone with legal marijuana in your state go see lego batman 3d on weeeeeeddddd
 infosec @potus mr. president what is americas plan to recruit hackers most are felons on medical marijuana to defend us against cyberwar
 i chose to not smoke  sobriety is peace of mind at its best.
 i would smoke with captain falcon
 you smoke mid. 
 @brianabolic @icegov i would blow marijuana smoke into the faces of the illegals and then laugh
 smalllaw runs lean. youre not always going to have an assistant to hold the line for you until the revenue agents smoke break is over
 4 ways cannabis improved my love life  excuse for getting stoned out of your mind  weed sellers   
 yaaas @realdonaldtrump call your office  the smoke and mirrors isnt working. 
 sb184 new private marijuana clubs open and public use 
 rt @kaylaematthews blog re fatalities decreasing in states w medical marijuana laws womeninscience 
 ijw smoke already 
 stop smoking weed and answer your e mails so you can become fabulously wealthy buy awesome weed and ignore your e mails
 @realdonaldtrump sure  blame it on @hillaryclinton  once again. smoke and mirrors. nothing to see here.
 nah not always. you can get it smoked 
 dr. colino is speaking about townsends mother using tobacco  marijuana  cocaine and alcohol during her pregnancy. @actionnewsjax
 when you smoke california weed and actually get stoned 
 @sonnysubra @heavyrescue401   hey is that weed growing in the background
 @corybooker where there is smoke there is fire  and here you can actually see the flames. please investigate for the sake of the country
 @femkesvs right. thats my usual argument for finding time to prototype. you can weed out or fix the weak ideas sooner.
 @potus time to start weeding the swamp.  @realdonaldtrump
 @kysportsradio legalize weed and that would drop a lot
 @siblingspeculia wheres the hemp bikini
 arleg punts on med marijuana expecting arkansas voters to never pass. now they want a say.  via @arbills
 @jordanoconnell what was this picture but happy birthday ily. go smoke a fatty for the both of us 
 when they smoke  they sit back and relax  when i smoke  i get anxiety attacks
 teacher told the class i suck at concentrating bc marijuana is legal in oregon... kayyyyy
 topics of convo with a few of my students after class today included tinder  moonshine and weed  so yeah id say my semester is going well.
 im not a pot smoker  but it irks me that in some states its legal  while in other states youll get jail time and a fine. is this fair
 amy margolis talking about the evolving cannabis industry in oregon @orcannabis 
 i have to be feeling you a whoooooole lot for me to invite you over to let you smoke my weed for free.
 @tacobelle you smell anything smokey ... did you bring your jerky in
 my marketing teacher just openly told class that hes been smoking weed for years.... great jesuit values  go griffs
 being a medicinal marijuana user in no way makes me a danger to my child. end of story.
 looking to get a medical marijuana card we are open today until 630 this evening here in paradise malibu.
 ifiwasyou i would consider the benefits of having a medical marijuana card. whatsinyourmeds
 feature your cannabis business where the professionals are   join now 
 cloaking myself in incense smoke
 now available public talk not just blowing smoke prevalence amp correlates of vaping among canadian sec students 
 sb15 cleared tues. it allows for epileptics to use cannabis oil. hear from authormallorys mother who says it coul 
 my bus driver smokes pot everyday before he picks us up
 arizona voted down legal weed  btw.
 pleased to be part of the effort to improve mental health in ri with sens. paiva weed  @senatormillerri and many others @carenewengland
 walked in da spot smellin like ganja walked in da spot smellin like munna
 bill allowing epileptics to be treated with cannabis oil advances in indiana  on right now call and vote yes
 @realdonaldtrump   your too slow... smoke sum pots. 
 and deflect from the islamic immigrants issue. all smoke and mirrors 
 talk to your doctor about the risks and potential side effects of marijuana use while pregnant or breastfeeding. 
 @realdonaldtrump obamacare as your smoke and mirrors is not going to work any longer. good luck with that
 indian river state college in stuart overcome by smoke because of brush. campus evacuated  classes this evening. 
 @joerogan @jrepodcast also  read into sagans cannabis studies under professor x  he claims cannabis enhanced his comprehension of science.
 where da weed at in tampla fl 
 smoking blunts in december..warm smoke for my cold heart
 @czabe turnt up is drunkhigh  loud is high quality weed  shots refers to liquor not guns.  they play this all the time at fed ex
 part of me wants to be positive and listen to chance  but the other part is blasting fucc yayo while he smokes woods
 im watching weeds right now you should too 
 one step closer to the dea rescheduling marijuana from a schedule 1 drug..
 i got a big smoke budget
 @realdonaldtrump legalize marijuana  and legalize conceal carry  protect my 2nd amendment rights. me president.
 depression is hell of a thing until you smoke a few and listen to @wizkhalifa to set your shit straight and tell you how it is.
 when you smoke ur ex new dude on tha track .... he aint got it like me babygirl im one of a kind dreaux always in front 
 the woman im babysitting for just said straight up that her husband might indulge in some marijuana while theyre out tonight lmao
 @ctownhopefull so would the weed.
 just had a mini heart attack when my smoke alarm went off. holy shit 
 ugh i need drugs rn   weed and a couple shots will do 
 @potus only way to remove chapos power amp shell corp. slush  is to decriminalize all drugs  legalize cannabis the @cias biggest  maker.
 so cool question would this be illegal to do in a state that doesnt support legalized marijuana 
 the weed bull in my texts talking bout when do i have free time 
 @indoctrinathan our podcast would smoke the liberal snowflake media 
 got robbed at the dispensary for my weed haha broke ass bitches who probably still live with ur parents haha karmas a bitch
 25 states where marijuana is legal for p.t.s.d. 
 @sweetcaireen the reason i suggest cannabis culture is they dont require medical just id saying over 19.mark wife and staff aways arrested
 this nigga kendall really just told raymond yo moms pussy smell like weed and ketchup  im crine
 @paulmccartney smoke weed give your clothes to charity
 @cnn this is backwards. america makes the best weed. that catapult is for mexico to receive american weed. no one s 
 need a refresher on state marijuana laws 
 . @jpetersoninutah says its not clear what stance trump admin will take on state marijuana laws
 @mayormaynot @jason i also highly recommend reefer. 
 me and katy have such a pretty goodluck nug hiding under our baby buddah we smoke off when we need sum goodluck
 where da weed at 
 running a small business wo employees is fun. running an llc in the weed business wemployees and all the paperwork gt eyeeating worms. ugh
 can weed cause anxiety  
 da weed man is slackin
 when she funny smart and pretty but smokes cigarettes 
 dear oregon drivers 1 it rains a lot here. 2 since weed was legalized  your driving has become worse 
 in colorado  state laws require companies to separate medical and recreational marijuana 
 lets smoke summmm or what 
 boy dem mf smokerz paradise employees be off da shits omm
 @michaelberrysho as a texan  and a non pot smoker can say  its coming  might as well get used to it.
 @thehill why. what is the point of rallies he is the potus. smoke amp mirrors. oh  amp him claiming fake news.
 well  the fbi  cia  amp nsa are part of the govt. wikileaks is not  so smoke that  you guys 
 wednesday texas will be the fifth state to legalize weed. if corsicana is the first town im going home fym 
 craving dennys or waffle house or whataburger and ill smoke pot with ya and float the bill soo hungry
 i would just like to smoke and watch that new episode of workaholics that is all
 @ziggysera @lookitzjoe i do it in the bathroom way more than i used to when i smoked.
 sjr10 new an advisory referendum on legalization of medical marijuana. 
 im about to roll a spliff. first time smonking a weed in weeks. folks    i hope ur reddy 
 haha because if not my mom would take our weed away and smoke it haha  askboutme 
 @champagnecesar you smoke crack boi . you look like toilet paper boi .
 417 in california im wit baby j countin up and smokin this cali weed ya digg
 @ftbmelanie @itscigarporn nice sexy cigar smoke clouds sweetheart. would love u 2 blow that smoke right in my face
 i shouldnt have smoked 
 no more reefer madness  legalize cannabis   us tx ny uk usa marijuana thursdaythoughts
 used to smoke mid now i smoke loud
 @marisel5rosario hey can you buy me weed
 pretty sure my public speaking professor smokes before class. bro cant even remember when our assignments are due.
 mocha iced coffee and weed are my two favorite things atm
 we see right through your smoke and mirrors trump. we have our eyes on the prize  and soon you will resign or be im 
 @alkalinetrejo pretty sure that dude is also pretty into weed  so...
 nah ima stick to copping that illegal weed 
 nah ima stick to copping that illegal weed from a trap nigga 
 in my history class right now and we go from talking about legalizing weed to abortion to gay marriage... man im just trying to learn.. 
 tonight @abccolumbia at 11  gov. @henrymcmaster goes one on one with me legalizing medical marijuana. after 
 nice i dont smoke either... sad part is cats wont read this article thoroughly and believe its legal. 
 hit the weed amp my mind open up 
 @potus @kellyannepolls please make a positive statement in support of medical marijuana.  research amp testing is  medically needed. retweet
 should marijuana be legalized for recreational and medical use
 states fund cannabis research to counter fake w facts    
 legalize weed and do real police work
 exclusive longtime marijuana advocate allen st. pierre on sessions confirmation  via @marijuanatimesx
 u.s. government finally admits marijuana really do... 
 @hoecakezz smh smoke more herb
 diz hoe talking jeskos business bc they use to smoke at her house so she thinks she knows him...
 drug smugglers dismantled a drug catapult to launch marijuana into the us from mexico. what a story. 2150ah 
 my religion is reefer
 hb1556 new to amend the arkansas medical marijuana amendment of 2016 to prohibit telemedicine as the method by ... 
 yep  hes going after legal weed. bookit
 can some one take to my job gotta talk to my manager and pick up my tips  ill smoke ya out or buy lunch
 more war on drugs dang those illegals and their marihuana 
 @kidcudi @mileycyrus you are invited to my birthday party to smoke blunts and take shots  plz rsvp asap
 but candy bar prices rose  is he talking about weed in co  cause we fixed the edible issue... 
 @realdonaldtrump legalize weed u jabroni
 @potus weed
 someone get donald trump jr to smoke weed and take him to coachella so we can have a fighting chance if this becomes an autocratic monarchy
 thats because he smokes mid. 
 if youre gonna take away my reproductive rights at least let me smoke weed boi 
 drugs are cheaper to buy than candy bars trump admitting he smoke mid
 so far @mattyglesias latest weeds podcast pitch for @meundies has been my favorite.
 they say marijuana is bad because of heart attack risks but these antibiotics make my heart beat faster than ever just standing up
 obviously he hasnt bought real drugs before or is slow  donald trump the type of chump to buy oregano for weed and 
 @janelrangel nah its just the weed you smoked goof ball 
 i will take one weed please okay cash or check actually i have a gift card
 my favorite thing to do is go to the smoke shop with bubby
 high grade smoke ah float through mi window
 dear @realdonaldtrump   if you could legalize marijuana before youre impeachment it will be one good thing people credit you for forever
 teacher people smoke cigarettes after smoking weed right  students no  teacher oh i heard its good to do that you should try it
 youre a rose  its not your fault that he prefers weeds  wave goodbye happily 
 @sarahgreenie if they wanna get paid it shouldnt matter what you do in your house smoke that sht
 @instagram i need an email  multiple texts messages  smoke signals and i also suggest you hit up hedwig to make a delivery
 @weedfeed has the cannabis industry entered the future of government by hiring lobbyists to petition for states that have not accepted weed
 @dwiebegirl then stop planting weeds ya goof 
 i had to write an essay on legalizing marijuana  im 3 pages deep in one hour 
 states who legalized marijuana 
 @foxnews @cnnpolitics @realdonaldtrump @ president smokey. cause he likes to blow smoke to cover the issues.
 i need a dispensary because im always looking for certain strands of marijuana  and that type of thing isnt popular in north carolina
 another bill to legalize recreational cannabis is in the works. what are your opinions on the marijuana matter 
 how about his stance on marijuana legalization 
 utah senate committee approves medical marijuana research bill. item 9 testing will commence in a bunker in the wes 
 the gov. spoke if he would ever legalize marijuana in sc. 
 have you noticed its all brownie shaped states that have legalized marijuana 
 going to da weed store is very satisfying
 i just need to smoke a nice woody rnnnn
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 only blow dope smokes wit myself  my baby or big lazeo
 i need some weed for this road trip 
 @sportnsound where theres smoke theres fire....or nothing at all
 my entire budget consists of weed  happy hours  brunch  the occasional grocery  and beautyrelated items  in that order.
 friday plans get naked  smoke weed  cry  watch fairly oddparents. order is arbitrary
 just in time for the legalization of medical marijuana  @alancoxshow @erikalaurenluvs @billsquire  
 do yourself a favor and smoke an el gueguense corona gorda cigar. purebliss  foundation cigars 
 one of my life dreams is to fall back and smoke good weed wit @wizkhalifa 
 they stopped my bus and said that if anyone wants to smoke a cig they can half the bus emptied in 7 seconds
 @annaindallas i suggest you do some cannabis...
 @billblair discussing wstakeholders how regulation will help keep cannabis out of the hands of our children. 
 blunts are a waste of paper and an inefficienct use of weed. thats like using hops to make beer when if you coul 
 i dont smoke at all but this is so funny  
 well said sir medicinal cannabis for texas. patients are not criminals 
 your wcw smoke cigarettes
 @realdonaldtrump what are your thoughts legalizing marijuana in all 52 states
 a congressional cannabis caucus has formed to ensure states right to allow medical amp recreational use of marijuana 
 texas really about to legalize weed 
 @potus @realdonaldtrump do you smoke weed u should start
 ok she told me she never ever been high... baby the weed lit  let me take you on this trip 
 gavin newsom speaking in support of the blossoming cannabis industry in california at the 
 bitches date a nigga who sling weed and take a picture with the nigga gun and swear they griselda blanco lmaaooooooo
 6 new things we learned from californias cannabis czar 
 ill be at ottawa u tonight speaking to students about the myths of medical cannabis. 
 out in oregon . smoked it across the map in florida
 lemme just smoke my weed amp mind my business
 sal argento should make more i smoke weed but not actually jokes
 go smoke your mid 
 @8c no its definitely more weed than the last one at least but its decently mommy
 @myramc yeah im pretty sure there were warnings that turned out to be false  im not sure why anybody would put it in marijuana
 @mariakwolek my mom said only stoners buy incense to hide the smell of the marijuanas
 research on medical marijuanas impact on veterans with ptsd 
 rumblings national guard fake memo was ploy to smoke out the leaker  boom
 ab903 new california marijuana tax fund california highway patrol. 
 shorrdy you should roll wit  come over and smoke wit me
 can someone please explain to me why marijuanadevils lettuce is illegal i just dont get it. theres so much revenue for the state.
 where is the weed help a nigga
 prohibitionists dislike research from grandpa of cannabis science httpst.corykx2gskbm  @massdems aaasmtg womensmarchboston mapoli
 falsefactatweep @mseric she voted against legalizing marijuana.
 @potus i hope the smoke blows right over the white house
 the fact you announce you smoke cigarets is disturbing  
 baby the weed lit  let me take you on a trip.
 i feel outta my mind til i hit da weed n meditate
 i used to make ellysia come w me everytime to smoke
 @sethrogen  hey man im seth  i smoke pot amp have a funny stoner laugh.i make the same movie over amp over again. im famous u should listen.
 i just want gas smoke in da air 
 to smoke right now or not
 day 4 smoke free. gym membership..done. feeling positive and hopeful next..got a capital investor  going after a business idea. just do it
 brainstorm by @wizkhalifa has always been my favorite song to smoke to. its so groovy amp chill 
 someone in east county with their med card go to empire for me and get me the weed lean its free ill give u 5 and they giving out weed
 pregnant lady surrounded by smokers pulmpath @melanieboismd @larapijuan @drjohninne @missle 
 the fact that everybody smokes out here too is great
 @hecktow first oregon went to pot  now it will go up in smoke p
 girls that smoke... ltltltlt
 i love @joerogan i love his podcast. but holy smokes that dude needs a fact finding assistant that does. it work at pot speed.
 holy smokes. osiella just killed lady gaga bestbandever osiella
 @epascottpruitt lets weed out the most overreaching government agency
 @purrenergy i have extra oregon weed for the brownies yo. it is some dope ass weed. its legal here. the tap water is like crystal geyser..
 agdam legalize weed sen de et agdamlegalizeweedsendeet
 agdamlegalizeweedsendeet  agdam legalize weed sen dit
 smoking weed is legal right now  agdam bbc cnn agdamlegalizeweedsendeet
 @realdonaldtrump hey bud....legalize weed..we need it
 who  smoke just one blunt then police hold  them 8 years in prison god legalize weed just for one blunt bbc cnn agdamlegalizeweedsendeet
 where da weed in wynwood
 good news for californias cannabis industry trump may allow states some leeway with marijuana. via joegarofoli 
 i love @joerogan i love his podcast. but holy smokes that dude needs a fact finding assistant that doesnt work at pot speed.
 isnt weed suppose to make you laugh and be happy   im crying sad tears ... da fuck
 @realdonaldtrump how about everyone in all the questionable intel agencies get lie detector tests. weed out the criminals amp hire loyal peeps
 im going to bed...see ya in the morning world p.s. legalize marijuana @potus @realdonaldtrump
 also gonna smoke leftover spliff in my bathtub with some incense
 @cleovixenxxx weed always works for me i suggest a nice indica strain. that should take care of you
 i shouldnt smoke and do lyft 
 just so u know  marijuana became legal in california as of novemeber 9th 2016 at 1200 am  a day after the electio 
 teaching at a cme today at princeton its my third time educating folks at this institution about medical cannabis 
 smoke my weed  mind my business
 smoke my weed  mind my business
 middle words weed thru the meanings i have been type 1 diabetic and and and and and and and and you arent a you tube video on youtube.4
 weighing in on the arkansas medical marijuana amendment and its impact on safety and trucking. 
 @ginestracey  legalizing weed..  is a industry   that can help poor blks  support their family  blks are always las 
 legalizing marijuana would hurt mexican drug cartels more than trumps border wall 
 the fact ppl are being killed over small amounts of weed. its so sickening
 this kid wrote in his admissions essay that he sells weed and how that shows that he knows how to run a business...
 you all know 45 is just a smoke screen while gop congress gets what they want  right.
 @liljaycrazy @nyknicks @carmeloanthony no dick weed only starters dont have a choice your voted in only an injury can keep u out.
 @jimbraude 1.8 mil ma marijuana voters like @senjehlen vs disrespectful @masenate prohibitionists  @masscann mapoli
 hr340 new united states congress legislation on policies for hemp and marijuana consider 
 @crystal420    wow  is that all weed products  i imagine my state alabama will be the last to even consider legalization..  
 i heart weed..... 
 all im saying is not is not weed but the idea is pretty cool @allenvito10 @joser1 
 why cant we smoke weed and have a state or government job that gives us equal benefits for health and life
 need to bark wit and smoke a blunt wit tahje 
 its sobremesa saturday today only  buy 3 get 1 on this killer smoke. oh..  and watch out for 
 14 more states that might legalize cannabis this year 
 @poppotgroup @nopotnoway @yavapaicntyatty more reefer madness propaganda  association does not  causation  1 anecdote isnt data try again.
 whowantstogo  its got to be better than north carolinas nonexistent cannabis cup 
 i dont smoke  have no reason to smoke  and dislike it  however i will fight forever to get medicinal weed legalize. 
 trump should legalize marijuana
 @rickygervais yesterdays news not you ricky  trust i wouldnt blow smoke up your arse. america loves you  though were concerned merchant
 drugs are bad smoke weed its good for you themoreyouknow 
 da real fye weed be costin
 @yoitsanahita @marymahaf3 @mrzeock @aliciagoku opioids are the problem in america not weed. weed has never killed anyone ever fact
 is it bad that im craving a liquid marijuana shot
 yes  we need to weed out the bad seeds. u amp bannon  ryan amp mcconnell   cabinet   comes to mind. potus is a public 
 brine im preparing for some pork chops imma smoke tomorrow evening. bbqtwitter 
 @chloedelong yah its called cannabis use disorder lmao u can basically be diagnosed if u have been using it at least once a day for a year.
 the weed help me speak my mind.
 what are solventless cannabis concentrates  what are the health risks of butane and co2 
 land of idiots amp no weed do not leave yo state 2 come 2 california  u act sick 
 bitch where the weed at im tryna elevate my mind and existence ya hear me.
 living in a state that has medical marijuana is a glorious thing. 
 any pharma product from cannabis is an unnatural bastardization of the blessed herb and should be avoided. organic 
 hb469. tax and regulate medical cannabis and fund roads and bridges and more 
 @trumpgo2016 this is what im  talking about  send obama a picture of this so he can see his work go up in smoke
 lets get wrecked the old fashioned way cheap weed and cocaine deep in the basement of illicit desperation far remo 
 trying the smoker out this afternoon. oklahomajoes @ waynesville  north carolina 
 debbie in the newsroom   what the hell are marijuana recipes  how do you liquify marijuana  how do you spell stash
 @scoopdaa @realdonaldtrump @potus you are smoking some awesome weed my friend
 pizza  weed and finding dory 
 not to mention the us government thinks they can weed out criminals and terrorists via religion and skin color. great job @potus 
 a dried bud of cannabis  which can be used for medical therapy  
 college is pretty much medical grade weed with piss grade beer and a side of anxiety
 i dont smoke but this is pretty cool  
 i cant wait til d.c. allows smoking weed in bars patios.
 rumblings national guard fake memo was ploy to smoke out the leaker 
 rumblings national guard fake memo was ploy to smoke out the leaker 
 i dont understand why i belittled by older folks because i smoke weed.it helps me sleep helps my depression helps my anxiety need i go on
 smoke my weed n mind my business
 my vagina sounds good right to my heart but you know what i is doing okay for me and women that i can smoke a lot o 
 to smoke or nah
 but can we smoke first w creolegypsygoddessbellaad for @grafetteeinkz    shooter 
 medical marijuana works. 
 @worldoffizz thats pretty much what it is. for when we cant smoke  theres that.
 howboutdah get at me if you want to grow cannabis like i do . .  howboutdah towergarden 
 my ex ran the whole marijuana campaign here in los angeles. shout outs to her for the legalization. 
 you smoke mid 
 my favorite part of the day is sitting on tiannas couch watching weeds
 cooking with smoke. @ town of hillsdale 
 smoke my weed  mind my business 
 @weedmommy weed mommy
 im about to smoke weed for the 1st time in forever. how long until i have a panic attack and die
 yungin rather be ya nigga....so we could smoke weed amp sip lean all day
 customers stay offering me weed for pizza 
 so i can smoke a blunt wit out fanto
 hey man you smoke weed                          raises eyebrow and smirks
 if anyone ever invented cannabis coffee ice cream  id die.
 this random kid is telling me how he proudly smoked meth. he wont leave my house. my life is in danger
 @tamiamb oh no it autocorrected. should have said hemp hearts
 @realdonaldtrump gene like the common man n woman. he never smoke in public but spoke from the heart 4 us. better than nancy pelosi could do
 truckers wary of arkansas medical marijuana rollout 
 this is what @realdonaldtrump should be signing executive orders for federally legal hemp production  anyone with l 
 @kirstmcmaster ivanka. donald jr. their spouses. not all the kennedys were smokeshows. and they had an uncanny ability to die young.
 if you dont give your weed some fore play while breaking it down it wont smoke and burn to its full potential
 medical cannabis  a vastly underutilized therapeutic option  via @mercola
 trump cites fake attack in sweden . what kind freshcoffeecup potus drinks or smokes something   via @usatoday
 @shrimpfriedry @minfordandsons you can say rap is about sex and weed. but im actually open minded and wont stereotype others music
 happy birthday you shot fuck  @buzzinnnnn @ hempstead  new york town 
 hey @burgerking  get this store some sunday help please. in the weeds and shift mgr is sounding rude to employees
 nigha. may your day be filled wit weed. wings an women.
 @torrri my partying consists of going to speedway to get her ice cream and smoke a cig without getting a dirty look
 tryna win an argument here... how would you prefer to smoke your bud
 @tamiamb @luminescencecdj haha hemp hearts is correct they have an interesting texture thats yummy in yogurt 
 tryna smoke with ya and explore your mind
 that crap happens in america theres gonna be some dead muslims when the smoke clears 
 @shimauma2 @usmcmichaels i own a medical cannabis research and development company. not even i can smoke my self that retarded....
 my little sweetheart bugging me while i pull weeds. lol puppylove @ tobin park  el paso 
 @tauriqmoosa gandalf stormcrow has never united middle earth minas tirith and rohan wont vote for him and he wants to legalize pipe weed
 @realdonaldtrump @vp @whitehouse @wolfblitzer war wnews media is smoke screen 4 not discussing issues. free tv 247  like not paying inctax
 the press needs to weed out the fake journalists. theres a difference between journalists  commentators amp pr agents. night amp day.
 mr. @potus  if u really want my support  its time to reschedule marijuana. u could make it legal federally amp get america out of debt
 you say age is just a number until you move to a country that wont let you smoke until youre 21.
 where da smoke
 @420 should be legalized all of states  its not a crime to smoke a pot.the marijuana is helping the cancers patients ..etc.. crazy
 survey should marijuana be 1 illegal 2 decriminalized  3 legal by prescription 4 available to adults for medicinal amp recreational use
 @krsxjr its not bad. i actually manage my weed pretty well. and it doesnt interfere with anything
 almost every college student has a weed budget. 
 the facts are not fake news the facts are facts distraction with smoke amp mirror techniques cant hide the truth 
 on the patio after doing some weed spraying. radio tuned to @lsubaseball.  geauxtigers
 reince priebus the press shouldnt be focusing on bogus russian spy stories.  i smell smoke in that sentence.
 scientists and government scientists are different. govt scientists say weed is as harmful as heroine soo ya i woul 
 tryna smoke some  part 2 
 @masterbuilt i won one of your smokers from a local radio station but wont use it. where can i return it
 @this1isno1 @litbean @cnn trump wants you 2 see w your eyes amp judge him 4 what he does no smokemirrors
 sis amp i used to bus it around north lv for some weed amp now we both sell... the come up 
 u can righteous crown me smoke king
 sanfrancisco adventure number 1 the sweden house hotel. strong weed and mold smell  creepy 
 when new neighbor brings fruit basket and asks how they can help pass the med marijuana bill  you know youve moved to right neighborhood
 federal employees dont smoke weed and it may worsen the depression. im not taking any chances without a man to hold in bed at night.
 gorsuch is against ors death w dignity  marijuana. @ronwyden theyre only in favor of states rights if they think the state is right.
 the weed take the feelin out my heart.
 hmu and lets smoke and talk about music
 a smart woman who smokes pot snd handles her responsibilities no matter what. now that would be cool
 not all weeds are bad @ livermore  california 
 my 420th follower will be invited to a smoke out
 oh lets smoke some weed and hash right now.
 mainly a smoker. 
 ah  the memories of my childhood. begging to play cards  smoke  and drink alcohol with the adults as my mother dragged me out of the room.
 sad you let weed basically ruin what we had  but thats none of my business 
 while your listening to some wack emcees i turn smokey robinson on
 the legal weed business should be our reparations.
 @rbryan1763 el rey smokers
 all i do is smoke weed and rhyme  sip codeine just to ease my mind juicy j  
 i barely do weed bro bryan caban
 you smoke mid tho  what you high off of 
 nah just weed 
 all the smoke and mirrors wont last.
 no suit im handling business my weed so loud in public some people get offended
 @tylerolivieri lets smoke an el
 pot smugglers using medieval catapults to launch weed over mexican border. 
 breaking down the weed about to make a plane 
 narcotics includes marijuana many of you demon governments now authorize right here in america. satan created drugs 
 @sweden yall look like yall have a beautiful country w happy citizens.im curious is it legal to smoke weedmedically or otherwisethere
 sweden fakenews spiritual @wpsg unite weed out hate gear avail at 
 attention swedish ambassador to the united states how about these statistics did they come from bad weed moron. 
 said smoke from said gun.  
 its a scientific fact marijuana is less toxic amp dangerous than cigarettes amp alcohol  which are the main drugs in the united states.
 i really just want marijuana to be legal so they can do actual real research on its curative powers.
 my niggakz savageampwild they smoke ya like ah blackampmild
 stay the fuck away from idaho idaho governor wants trump to crackdown on legal marijuana states  via @weednewsco
 my girlfriend not allowed to smoke or drink 
 i dont smoke but this is funny 
  my girlfriend talks about weed more than she talks about me 
 when our employees give the boss a vape  container of bud   and weed gummies for his birthday 
 make america great again trump  on my way back down to miami 305 @ smokey mountains north 
 chriss mom is so innocent. i showed her a picture chris sent me of the pound of weed he got off someone. she goes is that the weed. lol
 hmu if u tryna smoke wit me
 @poppotgroup @nopotnoway @yavapaicntyatty i guess i settled that4you snap marijuana lowers prodisease inflammation 
 sen david haley testifies for medical marijuana bill  says majority of kansans are for natural alternative to phar 
 lets hope they legalize it. theres pretty solid evidence fir the medical efficacy of marijuana. 
 customers with a valid medical marijuana card from washington state receive 20 off marijuana cannabis flower 
 @billycorben if cvs has them for legal drugs  why not for legal medical marijuana 
 legalizing cannabis in the us would earn us well over 10billion in tax revenue. im talking to you  @potus
 we can see the smoke from old town alexandria 
 this mother fucker amp wynne screwed all of us over from marijuana to taxes to hydro your a liar you fucking asshole.. 
 i wish i lived on the north shore in the 60s selling tacos and weed
 kid in my econ class the government should buy the weed for us
 @masscann weeding out the stoned  the game show of sobriety tests   225 at hotel vernon in worcester  ma  
 @masscann weeding out the stoned  the game show of sobriety tests  223 at hotel vernon in jamaica plain  ma 
 im trynna take a bad bitch to the coast amp eat ice cream after we smoke
 i enjoy buying perfume  clothes  weed and sneakers. thats basically it
 quitting the smokeless tobacco habit this week  as of yesterday. may the odds be ever in my favor.
 even though he was  and they got smoked  taking solace in the fact that we got to watch boogies last game in purp 
 fun interview with @nuttycogirls women rocking the weed industry womenandweed pnwstoners successfulstoners 
 idiots are still sharing flawed opinions that legalizing weed puts youths at risk. no it doesnt. look at the stats. youth use goes down.
 @chill2rich they dont want medical research to disprove them about weed being helpful too. ignorance is bliss...
 im always deep. it weeds out the superficial  opportunists.
 @realmbb @dsmoothseven17 tough though because he cares more about cannabis research than football. which is fine  but jags would be
 time to blow it all on tattoos and weed
 large like the great lakes.... wit smoke spots in 8 states...
 i smoke bluts and talk to god thats who counsel..
 i smoke bluts and talk to god thats who counsel me..
 im being 100 wit everybody fans haters lovers fronters backers smokers snorters shooters n shooters im a real ass rapper but to keep it g
 @seth7123 ill take one marijuana please 
 more people in uk voted to block trumps state visit than to legalize weed. thats how ridiculous the us president is.
 thank weed for clarity as mind over matter n matter ur own mind with manners or bite u back ole ways back on u baby with a smile sunny 
 breaking national guard fake memo was scheme to smoke out the leaker  via @douggiles
 or at least bring me some food  ice cream  candy  weed  etc... 
 john daly drinks miller lite and chain smokes cowboy killers like its goin out of style
 tobacco use in baseball reinforces tobacco marketing  smokeless tobacco companies spend more than 600 million in marketing a year.
 athletes serve as role models amp smokeless tobacco companies have used advertising ft. athletes to make products mor 
 @hippieoflove your only 3 states away from legal weed now
 @ras2247 @jaketapper 173  higher for marijuana users  and 235 higher for those who had also used other illicit drugs
 if you know you got a hotel in the ghetto  dont expect no less than employees offering you weed. just ignore them.
 watching bobbeckel squirm with smoke coming out of his ears when our @potus is talked about makes me feel even better about trump thefive
 watching bobbeckel squirm with smoke coming out of his ears when our @potus is talked about makes  trump thefive 
 hey @realdonaldtrump@potus  want to instantly raise your approval rating legalize weed. i promise people will hate you less for a bit...
 teamed up wthe most badass ladies i know for this event on ma cannabis law and careers. get your tickets now bosto 
 love that it talks about the weeds keep  cropping up in this scandal. amp the roots go deep.  
 so after a beautiful carolina day its time to smoke and then sear some tbones this evening 
 @myiostsoul amp ion talk to nobody til i smoke my blunt
 colorado town to get states first drivethrough marijuana store 
 @joerogan joe would you consider making an appearance at our medical cannabis business expo in phoenix 
 @therhythmdeluxe i want to smoke wth my mom pero im scared haha
 go smoke your mid 
 but please please please stop asking to buy weed from me
 @turntuptyler cum smoke a cig w me
 @officialkat hey kat. just curious do you like to smoke weed like your character max
 who can do it @ weed  california 
 grew up listening to @wizkhalifa now im smokin his weed...
 i may smoke tonight 
 i see why @wizkhalifa only smoked papers. 
 few facts about l.a. vapors elite smoke shop of charlotte  north carolina. lavaporsclt . we 
 @342coolin bruh i just had a convo about weed with my uber driver
 to clear everything up so i quit getting questioned... i do not support abortion  legalization of marijuana or same sex marriage.
 @mercyfulkate haha the weed
 picture of a weedy sea dragon 
 its called weeding out the deep state... or so im told. 
 im tryna be out to dubai and then to afghanistan to smoke all da kush w my pops lmaoooo
 only smoke cigarettes for the  health benefits
 @jays2629 @realdonaldtrump @vp @whitehouse @wolfblitzer yelling about leaks is smoke screen. call them whistle blowers and protect hem all
 @kittehluvv smoke me up please
  you funny when you said you smoke more than me lol
 @ac360 pres jd trump is smart like a fox. war on media is smoke screen away frm issues amp free press 247 jsut like campaign that elected him
 haha someone smoke me out
 @cbs @realdonaldtrump @vp @whitehouse @wolfblitzer pres fake war on media smoke screen frm issues. free tv 247 like campaign liar crys wolf
 how outcos fully automated greenhouse will improve cannabis cultivation with science  via @marijuanatimesx
 how outcos fully automated greenhouse will improve cannabis cultivation with science  via @marijuanatimesx
 a6  be real  dont blow smoke  authentic praise support ts through their own adversities helps get a staff through its adversity colchat
 please spread this to show the effects of marijuanas. help this poor girl overcome her addiction  one rt could save 
 @therealtyoung @ponderingkylie @anelson666 @therealjebb @tannerrelfe y is this even an argument stick to weed
 when you smoke tons of peyote and watch the terminator 
 what did i miss @kreativekonnect as a brad pitt fan  i initially side whim amp his cannabis use  but im open for the truth.
 sos not a joke i will pay someone and or smoke them up to get me ice cream rn
 @realdonaldtrump pt you want the young vote make pot legal through out the nation and you make it that you must be 18 to smoke pot
 @skeletonsensei ill mail you some weed dm me that addy
 my favorite strain of marijuana is leman diesel
 kum smoke wit a nigguh
 errybody smoke weed now 
 exactly  rt @tommyguns weed gt illegal aliens by a long shot 
 i can send a bridge up in smoke and i cant the people ive let down  the hearts ive broke..
  podcast with weed who wouldnt like that @thecannabuds  weed mmj cannabis legalized marijuana hiphop
 mgc pharma on track to complete medical cannabis extraction facility in slovenia  via @westaustralian slovenia weed
 nah i only really smoke when im stoned @ilikaibird
 rt @gooseswavey she smokin weed amp playin kodak
 on this marijuana watching finding dory
 i rly used to go to twin peaks at like 2am to smoke and bump to lorde ah fond memories
 @irlbaabe how  wouldnt you agree most drugs are a lot more harming and dangerous than weed 
 our new district attorney of htown kim ogg made us a weed town... ok  lets focus on the real shit  like human trafficking  oggkush
 can i play outside questionsfrompets w weed man petfriendly products its always yes weedman lawncare 
 whats that medical marijuana now covers chronic back pain in the great state of new york  new york1 surgery0
 its funny af when you i get a babyboomer or old hippie high. they be like ooh shit this weed taking me places
 sunset parkers support the companys quest for a license to sell medical marijuana but the state axed the plan 
 something something the medical benefits of marijuana.
 matter of fact whos trying to get marijuana legalized in ohio  i want to help yall with facts amp some compelling arguments  legalizeit
 sunset parkers support the companys quest for a license to sell medical marijuana  but the state axed the plan. 
 @potus   hey legalize marijuana to become the best president of all time its that simple mr.president sir
 @wizkhalifa @snoopdogg can we actually like truly start a movement to get marijuana legalized the time is now my friends
 pretty hype about ganja white night and boogie t this friday 
 your wcw smoke cigarettes
 @potus @kellyannepolls @jeffsessions please consider legalizing marijuana in all states. this would throw the left wing party into turmoil.
 1 motivation for synthetic marijuana use among surveyed idoc prisoners curiosity.  twill 
 imma make some weed cupcake
 texas needs to legalize marijuana  i hate not being able to smoke on my break its the only thing that calms my anxiety
 my moms in alot of pain from surgery i just wish shed open up to medical cannabis and let thc do its thing
 ... your 9 times more liable to have a heart attack while smoking weeds. so remember this...thats all...  ms. denton
 we go home with shaky hands and dry eyes and lungs filled with too much smoke to feel anything but the aftermath of wildfires.
 open crib today with no weed i might just kill myself
 another hot topic of discussion covered by jennifer and michelle  the legalization of marijuana and how it effects the workplace
 rep. peake says bill will add 8 conditions to current law  in which patients qualify for medical cannabis oil @wgxanews
 rep. peake says data shows medical cannabis laws can help solve opiod addiction problem @wgxanews 
 although pretty typical at carolina smoke catered events  extreme bbq stacking or ebs has been known to throw out 
 lady on my street has a big sign on her door that says  no smoking oxygen in use. she smokes in front of it every day.
 they gone let niggas smoke in there or nah 
 i needz some weedz who need  some weedz i got some weedz
 i just smoke this weed  know it wont tweak on me .
 would you drink with a nigga  do you smoke weed dont be ashamed  it aint no thing  i used to blow trees getting lifted
 giant weed smoke coming out... as if california needed to make it legal haha
 @peterboghossian @spinosauruskin i feel its now a smoke screen to attack any social issues talk or representation
 i dont understand the @nhgop opposition to legalizing cannabis. their arguments just dont hold water in my opinio 
 this guy walks in i take medical cannabis
 my essay topic is going to be on weed  were not in highschool anymore  come on now
 and tfm applauds gcaa for supporting smokefree housing. good 4 health amp 4 business healthyclt  @transform4hlth  
 @vidalexperience i dont drink liquor i only smoke the herb.
 whats really fucking funny is we cant get marijuana legalized.  but the potus can terrorize us. minus the violenc 
 my meem really bought me weed gummybears .. that woman really got my heart yo 
 i dont get how u could smoke weed in a public area  knowing its illegal  then get mad for going to jail for breaking the law
 @specialreport why doesnt ca. take all the tax money from legal marijuana amp build more illegal alien holding prisons cant run their govt.
 doctor donyou smoke me why you tryna match
 convinced everyone in arkansas smokes meth
 my high school  in the 70s students used this as a shield to hide from the nazijock gym teacher to smoke joints 
 @jcksnking 18 ur adult here but u cant drink or smoke weed til ur 21 here 
 should nh legalize marijuana  a bill to legalize recreational marijuana is being introduced in the state senate. 
 bill to legalize medical marijuana has cleared its first hurdle in s.c. house 
 gosh what a beautiful evening to smoke some weed
 @tedsmarijuana my wife has epilepsy. she uses cannabis to help control them and deal with stress which can trigger her seizures.
 tall  educated  straightforward  can eat  isnt insecure  has tattoos  pro cannabis  doesnt have kids  isnt 50 
 not the type of boy you bring home to ya daddy  im the type you call when you wanna smoke a fatty.
 this kid would have smoked everyone in the dunk contest 
 jt mclellan smokes a grounder to third for out number one. one out one on.
 every weed shop in colorado is breaking the law. 
 my mom doesnt trip when i smoke but she trips when i say shit wth 
 liga privada uf4 with one hell of a smoke swirl drewestate drewdiplomat de4l ligaprivada 
 im never smoking weed and watching a podcast with @joerogan and @neiltyson again. awoken @eddiebravo where were you
 @adamski @jsalvo @bkmeditor someday there may be another smokelike product  but i dont believe pp or fcpx are that solution
 where da weed at
  help stop the opiate problem by supporting medical cannabis.  call your state rep and state senator.
 dont bahlee errthang ya read alize amp weed.  makaveli.....shoutout to my beige brethren @chrisbrown...dont trip 
 where is quality weed in philly serious inquires.
 never going on a trip with someone that wont let me smoke a cig in their car again
 shorty wit da fatty while we smoke da fatty
 writing an essay on why rap is poetry. last week i wrote one on why marijuana should be legalized. interesting
 kc  journalists who cover criminal courts continue to ignore prosecutorial misconduct re the arrest of alleged pot smokers. anybody home
 @dereksilva not to mention the fact that its almost impossible to walk down the street and not inhale puffs of smoke. we want a mixed use
 medical marijuana legalization is so necessary  worldwide
 since pot is legal in oregon can we get a custom apple iphone update that gives us the weed flower 
 my weekly political discussion with my fil involved gay marriage  legalizing weed  and how to leave stern voicemails for senator lankford. 
 .@speakerryan @realdonaldtrump  must stop defending putin  congress has to investigate russiagate too many where theres smoke @cnn
 well the ice cream truck that rolled in my hood sold me weed. of course it aint on this menu. 
 offering 2 grand to any charity if @davedays smokes a blunt with me.. justsaying 
 ab1627 new adult use marijuana act testing laboratories. 
 this mfa about to smoke again 
 hate i gotta go all the way across town for weed.
 youre gonna like the way you kush mens warehouse founder supports legal pot  smokes it regularly 
 youre gonna like the way you kush mens warehouse founder supports legal pot  smokes it regularly 
 @foxnews @clewandowski @potus more like blowing smoke to cover his lies and corrupt ties. @lyintrump 
 house bills would end federal prohibition of marijuana  via @huffpostpol
 house bills would end federal prohibition of marijuana  via @huffpostpol
 not smoking crack and marijuana its cool swag trenton new jersey @realdonaldtrump
 things that piss me off 1. people who smoke 247 that judge me for drinking
 i need to get this bulk order together but im smoking weed instead 
 @evilmark420 theyll notice a happier population as a majority  not a whole. instead of arresting and fining people for weed they tax it.
 whether you smoke or not shouldnt affect your opinion on weed legalization. i quit for a number of reasons  but still should be legal
 ill rather be in the gym than sit at home and smoke weed and sip on lean.
 sunshine state where the bombass hemp be  
 who wants to talk about cannabis apot
 now lets all discuss about all the different types of cancers in the world. did you know that marijuana helps cure 
 just legalize marijuana 
 sjr5 new federal rescheduling of marijuana from a schedule i drug. 
 breaking police say a truck driver pulled over when he saw smoke. the cab burst into flames. 8090 gallons of dies 
 a freakys smoke shop was destroyed in an overnight fire and is called a total loss. jamie leary talks with the 
 medical marijuana bill advancing in south carolina house 
 @iigotduped can you be the kind of doctor that asks do you smoke tobacco so us weed smoking patients can not feel like we are lying
 all the weed niggas rey be outta business  
 call your government and voice your opinion on the legalization of cannabis. they work for you  not the other way a 
 americas marijuana industry headed for 24 billion by 2025  report says  
 @f3smokehouse requests the presence of @jayhendrix6 tomorrow due to some increase risk of smoke in the area 0500
 gm you all level up kyle  fix their character sheets and help them while i go have a smoke... and can i bum a 
 salute to my shooter @feddceo for the visual on my new music video pussy weed amp alcohol 
 schmidt voices support for alternative therapies like medicinal marijuana for veterans. @americanlegion has voted before in support of it
 schmidt says @americanlegion is open to medicinal marijuana being used to help treat veterans ptsd amp war injuries 
 when you cant ask your teacher for help cause you smell like weed
 i be smokin rapper weed wit mah gng
 wowwwwww cigarette habit is more expensive than weed habit. 6 a pack. wow. all for cancer. bleck.
 when did they legalize weed in columbia 
 @fastlyfejayd smoke n yep yep 
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 thinking about replying these internet trolls in my mentions  then also  let me smoke and ignore the hate.
 even if i got weed on me ofc imma tell da police no
 please retweet for smokey  
 that excludes the amazing states that are making a killing off of recreational and medical sale of weed.
 whencaliforniasecedes no one will care. weve legalized weed in too many other states. byeeeee 
 i need to smoke a bowl before i open fire with my nail gun
 @ramaxe1965 great argument for legalization of marijuana  no thanks  trent
 when your ra asks you to sell his weed for him
 i dont smoke and this hella funny  
 @brasilmagic sounds like a great argument for legalization of marijuana to me. thanks  trent
 @ryankantor think that boy may need to take a drug test  he has been smoking that weed. or maybe taking some acid  hes out of his mind.
 @myrudy321 smoke screen to blur lines and drown out noise of other issues. 
 nigga take shot at me im leave bih in gun smoke
 if you in vegas bring me drugs to @agendashow please. weed n lean preferably.
 @cnewsjunkie @lhfang civil asset forfeiture. state legalized marijuana.
 kinda blows my mind that you can say would like to smoke a j on xm @siriusxm @altnation
 i dont get people that wear weed shirts  hats   especially in states where its now legal. theyre just asking for police to harass them.
 @repdavidrouzer just heard about h.r.975  respect state marijuana laws act of 2017.  will you be supporting i hope so.
 60 local governments have already adopted ordinances or moratoriums ahead of state rules laws on medical marijuana
 my teacher goes thats shouldnt equal 420 whats on your mind lol  the weed nig
 @potus smokes flaka that is how he sees big numbers were they lack and terror attacks that did not happen. 
 hey startupgrind 420 smokers from out of town  i can order you legal recreational weed or edibles for you this afternoon if youd like 
 was that untruthful look in the background  cupcake. see that smoke i pity you for being so blindly  partisanly ignorant. @1ahlam1 @cnn
 lets trip marijuana and than smoke acid
 @speedway nice to know you guys let your employees smoke while 
 this cm ep is in atlanta and the equivalent to finding a needle in a haystack here would be finding a weed man at 5points
 nys deputy assembly speaker earlene hooper is holding a town hall tonight in hempstead public library. 
 have an interview for a medical marijuana evaluation clinic as a medical assistant. keeping my options open.
 weed dont cheat  weed wont break your heart  and weed wont lie to you.
 rowlow blowin smoke link in bio nurdthug @ coachella valley 
 b st wit will and smoke in the air. 20019 @ southeast  washington  
 3rdtalking about weed  5thcussing @ teacher  6thclass disruption  7th cussing @ teacher 9thskipping class 10th 
 major david bass retired speaks about the sb269 bill and why we need a medical marijuana bill 
 @idevicerepairnm my mom used to sell weed and got locked up for it. lame but its also the law. no1 gave a crap that i was separated from her
 hooper compares united way as administrators encircling the village of hempstead like buzzards over a dying dog.
 im at smokeys pit stop and saloon in el paso  tx 
 deez fuggin oil gummies got me so high im havin flashbacks to sophmore year of highschool smoke sessions in jamie collins basement ctfu
 asking my mother in law for weed lmao awkward
 weird how marijuana legalization isnt a states rights issue to republicans
 picture of smoke coming from a wildfire in yosemite 
 lizy with an uzi holy smokes @kuzya92 laser beam baby
 kuzy with an uzi  nice laser beam baby short side smoker @kuzya92
 almos a day away from the most anticipated party hoe get that weave ya weed ya nails ya fit ya liquor bt leave the drama bigassmardigras2
 viewfromthebike this smoke is flowing over the trees to my house riding through smoke is not the best way to end 
 @jafeagin @kuzasix thats why you get rid of prescription drugs and legalize weedany other safe illegal drugs.
 sum one smoke da dopey
 veterans press legislature for medical use of marijuana 
 gandalf would be proud of those smoke figures themagicians
 a woman battling a bone eating cancer is taking on state of texas in fight over medical marijuana. 
 cool. legalize cannabis to make sure the recreational users feel welcome. 
 good grub   some good weed   koolin wit da fam.watching vivicasblackmagic ..always gotta support a strong black woman  @msvivicafox
 thinking of getting medical marijuana
 congress new cannabis caucus isnt just blowing smoke about legalizing pot 
 nah we can smoke and fuck all night wassup 
 the cannabis club is my adult candy store.
 imma just sit here  smoke  and listen to drake
 i want to smoke but no amount of high can fix this
 the gremlins are at it wthe tattooed lady   i checked amp know its fouled up...ill fix it tomorrow...misc poems after i get some smokes...
 @realdonaldtrump if you legalize weed for the united states   people going to not carse what you doing ib the white house
 wassup wit the smoke session
 stoneypointhigh off the stoneypoint mixtape from iamdemrick amp @djhoppa while i smoke on this 
 no wonder they dont legalize weed 
 am i da only one on da tl that dont drink or smoke
 @steezethetruth @backwoodsdepot @backwoodcigars facts but i aint have no smoke 
 1 lol  2 super simple to solve. legalize marijuana at federal level. low interest small businesses loans to domes 
 @prettybaddki funny how you used a cigarette as his name. tobacco is dark when u smoke them everything dark  makes u smell and be ugly.
 whats california smoking at 11pm on channel 4  @nbcla iteam exposes toxic pesticides on legal marijuana  that could make you very sick.
 were sailing on a winedark open sea distant ships  smoke on the horizon. every shipmate the beloved. 
 where da weed at
 a woman battling a bone eating cancer is taking on state of texas in fight over medical marijuana. 
 @realdonaldtrump marijuana is isis bait to come here  they use it in their ceramony water smoke it  kneel on rugampallah3x   5x daily
 the new cannabis caucus isnt just blowing smoke about legalizing pot.  
 cancer patient hoping to change minds on medical marijuana policy 
 @watchingufokker @repmarkmeadows @randpaul @repsanfordsc get the  dea to reschedule marijuana and make medical marijuana legal
 @stefanbc @mcurryfelidae07 this is my favorite weed activist 
 katie woke me up at 4 am to smoke weed and take shots
 @realronhoward palm sunday fast for week if you can do it  i dont go 40 day but fasted for 2 weeds that was1  hardest thing i have ever
 southern university agricultural and mechanical college will be hosting a medical cannabis town 
 1 day away from the most anticipated party hoe get that weave ya weed ya nails ya fit ya liquor bt leave the drama bigassmardigras2
 markham medical marijuana company bracing for legalization boom 
 @lizmacdonaldfox @wsj sister   muslim nations are 7  these reformers. is  like saying  general warning disclosure america still smokes.
 deflection  smoke amp mirrors above the laws 
 @realdonaldtrump you may have to take a bold stand and just legalize weed once and for all tax it and u have to be 21 to smoke it
 ohio sen. rob portmans office weeds out democrats  progressives from attending his political events 
 @nnamdidoinwork little to no government as possible. legalize weed. etc
 undisputed hey @shannonsharpe....all @realskipbayless does is smoke weed and drink spiked mountain dew cuz he be on that bullshit. fs1
 ganna smoke hella bluntz for my baby daddys bday
 herbalist living til 256.... yea im smoking weed til i die 
 i just go to work  smoke my weed amp mind my business.
 hey unless its medical marijuana hell no 
 i call bullshit portmans office weeds out democrats from attending his political speech 
 zeke love to smoke loud 
 walk into my bosses office. he looks at me  says whiskey...unless you have weed...or both how could i not love that dude whiskeyandweed
 cancer patient hoping to change minds on medical marijuana policy 
 suppose to be going to boogie t amp ganja white night tomorrow  hope everyone doesnt mind me coughing on them 
 are you there god  its me  preston.  please  if you make this happen. i wont smoke until the playoffs. 
 @lebatardshow demon of debate makes a john wilkes bootharin entrance  jets fans  minnesota wind  smoke now and sparks from kindling wood
 .@bruceandpamela  im pretty sure @reptrentfranks is smoking that marijuana
 i passed that weed like i studied.
 congress new cannabis caucus isnt just blowing smoke about legalizing pot 
 nah fr weed falling all in ya mouth 
 ppl who smoke spice or dust will slit your throat 100
 it my heart sad that weed makes me breakout 
 its easy to collate medical marijuana use into compassion for smokers  andor a business  but not a legal case. well see.
 sled chief mark keel talks medical marijuana w @cjbsc for this week in south carolina. sen. davis will also be on 
 smoking weed is over rated
 talk about dank weed 
 @babyimalyssa would you like to smoke with me instead sweetheart
 this women is holding me hostage. niggas tryna smoke a j
 71 percent of floridians voted for medical marijuana  but miami officials are still debating legality 
 legalize weed so i can pull geebs out in public in this beautiful weather
 old but gold  @ weed  california 
 lawmakers taking last chance now to ask house of representatives to smoke their bills out of committee  onto the floor
 ed sniders daughter on investing in what helped her dad medical marijuana  via @phillydotcom
 pro athletes should be able to use steroids to build up their bodies for protection and than should be allowed to smoke weed to recover
 i cant believe im writing a five page research paper for macro on how legal weed helps the economy
 hey im tuesdays with cannabis oil and marijuana product lets see if that makes our breaks amp  if that makes a diff 
 yo spliff where the weed at
 in highschool i hit a vape pen and a kid snitched and told the teacher i was smoking weed in class so i got sent to 
 @seanspicer says trump supports medical marihuana. wants to enforce laws against recreational weed.
 @kellyo why isnt rec marijuana a states rights thing too
 so spicer uses opiod addiction as reason for recreational marijuana to be against the law
 @presssec how is the transgender bathroom issue a states rights thing and rec marijuana not
 @foxnews legalize marijuana recreational and medical the government has zero rights  to dictate what plants we can  amp cant use
 soooo according to spicertrump  trans bathroom issue is state issue but rec marijuana is a fed issue fuck these people
 of why recreational usage shouldnt be allowed. does he know medical marijuana is used to treat opioid addiction 
 wait im confused transgender issues are a states right matter but legal marijuana isnt it was universe does that make sense @presssec
 so marijuana is a fed issue but transgender rights are a state issue smdh @presssec what a joke
 also  funny how seanspicersays lgbt protections are states rights  but marijuana legalization is not. resist resisttrump
 hb 1204 up next  bill would legalize industrial hemp sdleg
 if you believe in returning power to the states  shouldnt you unilaterally before states being allowed to legalize marijuana right 
 wait im confused transgender issues are a states right matter but legal marijuana isnt in what universe does that make sense @presssec
 @realdonaldtrump sir  states should have the right to legalize recreational marijuana if the majority of people vote for its use.
 if you believe in returning power to the states  shouldnt you unilaterally be for states being allowed to legalize marijuana right 
 transgender equality is a states rights issue but legal marijuana is a federal priority statesrights 
 doj trans rights are a state issue  but smoking reefer over the line @popehat 
 so states should be able to decide who lives or dies but cant decide if they want their citizens to smoke pot 
 trump is sending the doj to enforce pot laws. russia isnt viewed as a threat. but so help us if youre transgender or want to smoke...
 marijuana is under attack by trump and sessions. what does spicer mean when he says they will take action against legal weed
 leave it up to states to discriminate against trans people but federal laws for punishing states that legalized marijuana cool.
 transgender issues go to the states. med marijuana  2 feds freecalifornia caexit calexit bipolardonnie 
 when spicer said doj will take action against legalized cannabis  half the american west had an anxiety attack.
 transgender protections  states rights issue   but marijuana ... 
 just smoke sum  take ya mind off the bullshit.
 @radleybalko more gop ratfuckery. its states rights when republicans want to screw over trans kids  but states decide to allow weed no way
 breaking sean spicer says doj may ramp up federal enforcement against recreational marijuana states 
 @presssec isnt the use of marijuana a state issue its an all or nothing scenario. bathrooms are state issues and pot is a fed issue 
 im not gonna vote  its not like we can legalize weed anymore  @spookybuddy
 so let me get this straight the transgender bathroom issue is tied to states rights  but legal marijuana is not. 
 @realdonaldtrump your little group of nazis are idiots to try amp change states rights as voted on to legalize marijuana. legalize drugs save
  rt @radleybalko spicer doj will be taking action against states that have legalized recreational marijuana.
 @hanamkim can you reach out to state representatives regarding possible increased enforcement of recreational marijuana
 i guess states right is ok unless its rec weed doj is going 2 go hard on rec weed  now my state pass rec weed now a crime wrong state rights
 @essexkiro7 can you reach out to state representatives regarding possible increased enforcement of recreational marijuana
 @seanspicer says that laws pertaining 2 transgender equality are a state issue  amp marijuana  a plant  should be controlled by the feds wth
 states with legal marijuana  democratic governors  and most sanctuary citiesimmigrant populations looking pretty identical right now 
 @kylegriffin1 did he run on marijuana must of missed it. hope trump gets cancer and cant get medical marijuana. serves him right
 trump this week more immigration raids  attacks on transgender  and threatened states that sell marijuana 
 but transgender bathroom issues are for the states  and forget the fact that recreational marijuana was approved b 
 dont fear this administration.  you fear marijuana.  this administration fuck off. you fear freedom.  me
 @jeremyinakron agreed. not a smoker but if states approve it let it go. im fine with using ice to round up illegals like hes been doing tho
 hey spicey  states should be able to decide discrimination  but they shouldnt be able legalize rec. marijuana really
 fire dept. is getting ready for the medical marijuana public forum in niles @ 6. cleared out the trucks for 200 sea 
 so apparently it should be a states right to choose whether to protect lgbt children  but not a right to legalize rec. marijuana wtf
 i wonder if trump will reclassify medical marijuana and get it off the schedule 1 listtotally stupid to classify weed with meth and heroin
 trumps next target states that legalized weed get rid of this clown 
 @girlsgun to bad the gop just shit on states rights with a crackdown on marijuana. this opens up using the same to take guns
 @geraldorivera @realdonaldtrump because federal marijuana laws exist and federal title 9 law about transgender do not. laws
 are you allowed to smoke pot in the bahamas someone lmk
 so transgender bathrooms are a states rights issue  but state level marijuana laws are not the next 24 years wil 
 spicer doj will be taking action against states that have legalized recreational marijuana. not what candidate t 
 .@presssec harm trans kids because states rights  @presssec well be clamping down on state marijuana laws because the supremacy clause
 @brandontmartin @holtjeffrey i would run your asses over  sell some for your medical bills then we would smoke the 
 republicans believe that states rights are important when it comes to abortion but not cannabis.  fucking hypocrites.
 so civil rights are a states issue but weed is a federal issue whatever rolls with your agenda i guess. 
 @peoplesoracle white ppl take ls as long as black and brown ppl suffer at a greater rate. attacking legal weed is a direct attack on whites
 @billjpiper we know but if they go after marijuana just think of all the gop states rights issues that now become open for discussion. guns
 voters vote to legalize weed but spicy cites opiod problem which your doctor is prescribing legally to you as why i 
 i cant believe were talking about legal weed in this country right now when there are so many bigger issues. what a joke. actually sad.
 we want smaller government and let the states decide. oh unless you wanna sit in your house and smoke weed. then fu 
 @radleybalko they should. theres a federal law that places marijuana as a controlled substance. states cannot choose what laws to follow.
 @billjpiper for fear of little old marijuana. how fitting.
 especially when they crack down on states that have legalized marijuana. 
 @kriswernowsky @radleybalko theres a federal law regarding marijuana. its not about states rights then  its about the supremacy clause.
 @peoplesoracle the legalization of weed is also very popular in the battleground states of florida and arizona.
 i love my job helping matchmake the right partners in the cannabis industry and crafting marketing plans amp advertising campaigns that work
 because legalized weed didnt do anything positive for the states that legalized it... just look at colorado carna 
 in trumps childlike brain  the safety of trans kids isnt any concern of federal government  but adults smoking weed must be stopped
 if theyre trying to increase the prison population going after legal weed makes sense 
 spicer doj will be taking action against states that have legalized recreational marijuana. 
 @potus @realdonaldtrump so personal bathroom preference is states issue but weed still a fed issue give power to states legalize taxes
 im at smokem if you got em  @smokemnorthshor in mandeville  louisiana 
 trump going after states that approved recreational marijuana is the dumbest move i think hes done yet. i cant wait. lmaoooo
 when will the reefer madness end strong majorities across party lines want legal access to cannabis. threatening a 
 fed gov lgbt rights are best left for the states to decide also fed gov states who have legalized marijuana must 
 soooooo states rights on bathrooms but not on immigration or weed @realdonaldtrump @potus @seanspicer pick a side
 white house cracking down on legal weed states is a bad move  legal weed is a tax gold mine... very sad
 retweet if you want congress to approve bipartisan protections for recreational cannabis like they have for medical 
 @thedomains @radleybalko @aaronwall more people voted for weed than this potus @repblumenauer
 does not want to encourage the opioid addiction crisis. . . pretty sure legalizing marijuana would make that bett 
 if youre active in resisting trump  supporting @aclu  if youre vocal  throw away your marijuana asap. govt may use it to arrest you.
 @jeremyinakron spicer just said doj will take actions against states that have legalized recreational marijuana. thoughts
 trump administration signals new war on drugs  crackdown on marijuana use by @atrupar 
 transgender bathrooms are a state issue  forget what states say  federal marijuana laws need to be enforced.  
 states rights on bathroom laws for transgender  but not if its okay to smoke a plant 
 transfriendly bathrooms states rights. states legalizing marijuana in their own states not states rights.  
 how is recreational marijuana a federal issue  but rights for trans kids a state issue i do not understand. 
 the latest justice may crack down on legalized marijuana  bernie millennials that switched to trump learn a lesson  
 @kolakjason @plazmyk it relaxes the mind thats why so many people with anxiety amp depression smoke it. helps with pain too
 but marijuana and thccbd products could compete with the pharmaceutical industry  because competition is the last thing we need  right
 so if you voted for trump  and have your marijuana card  guess what. its not legal and hes coming for you next.
 i got all the weed from  a different mind state
 sean spicer suggests trump admin. may crack down on states that have legalized recreational marijuana 
 i like how the marijuana campaign went from legalize weed for more money to legalize weed to steal money from the cartel 
 if @potus had a meeting with medical cannabis ceos  i think it would be enlightening and helpful in shaping cannabis policy. @seanspicer
 not sure if the voters who support legalized cannabis are likely to mobilize and vote... 
 going after states rights on legal weed but not intervening in trans issues when its obviously a civil rights issue......go fuck yourself
 and we will shut them down.  cannabis legalization is the front line in states rights. 
 if @realdonaldtrump had a meeting with medical cannabis ceos  i think it would be enlightening and helpful. @seanspicer
 this mf trump tryna make weed illegal again in all those states smh
 who will be the weed czar 
 @turrentwolfie so trangender issues should be a states right while marijuana isnt even though citizens of the stated voted for it
 trump believes in states right to discriminate against trans kids...but not to legalize recreational marijuana. 
 spicer is suggesting the trump administration may crack down on states that have legalized recreational marijuana. 
 @eevee @chipfoxx states dont habe the right to make laws that override federal regulation. they never have. with weed the obama admin gt
 i hope weed isnt one of the things trump takes from us.
 @potus will not not get my vote again amp ill have to stop defending potus if his administration doesnt reschedule cannabis.
 one things coincide with private jails mass incarceration usually low level drug offenses so penalties states legalize marijuana makes sense
 how to fund healthcare for the united states of america legalize marijuana on the federal level. levy a federal tax . apply to healthcare
 @realdonaldtrump  wow  some gift you gave to @jeffsessions  was it for his birthday he gets to play god in states rights amp hunt for weed.
 spicer states will likely see greater enforcement of federal law against rec marijuana   
 2 pm pt doj will be taking action against states that have legalized recreational marijuana.  3 pm pt 
 at 6 philly wants to bring medical marijuana to needy residents but the new law may keep dispensaries from opening 
 what the tax money from marijuana has given this state has fixed so many issues and done so much for this state
 so transrights are a state issue but marijuana is a federal one  care to explain that  @realdonaldtrump @jeffsessions
 @iamkeeferz fuck spicy. the gop cant be both the states rights party and the anti states who legalized weed party
 @senschumer civil rights are state issues  but marijuana is federal issue
 adds @repjaredpolis 95 percent of americans now live in states or territories that permit .. legal access to medical marijuana
 im not a marijuana guy at all but its entertaining to watch the states rights argument flounder when the topic u 
 beautiful evening to smoke one   tony stark flow .
 except the school filled with cocaine molly and dirt weed 
 @astlmyer but when states decide that marijuana should be legal its a complete reversal and federal law will be enforced like what
 its not who smokes herb at my school  its whomstd doesnt
 @cnn actually probably a positive thing for marijuana culture
 vote yesoncannabis for north carolina to legalize medical cannabis with hb185 we deserve equalopportunity 
 so where people pee is a states rights issue. legalization of weed is not. got it.
 as per seanspicer   transgender bathrooms are a states rights issue  but legal marijuana in states is a federal item.  consistency
 holy shit nc might legalized medical marijuana 
 how in the states where marijuana is legal recreationally this is where state rights will come in handy. 
 nc voters may decide whether or not to legalize medical marijuana in the tar heel state in nov. new bill introduced in raleigh. @wlos13
 state legislators would have to decide whether or not to leave medical marijuana decision up to voters. @wlos13
 @michaeljmaddux gop states rights... for anything but marijuana or vaginasuteruses.
 do you think nc state legislators should let voters decide whether or not medical marijuana should be legal
 civil rights gt states rights  legalized weed gt bring in the feds 
 i just saw where trump was going to make it tougher to legalize cannabis and thats not right especially for people who need it for medical
 trump keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 @whitehouse why are you always championing states rights and then you want to crack down on marijuana. states approved marijuana use by vote
 @potus45 if state has approved marijuana for the general public its their law. what happened to states rights
 @realdonaldtrump states rights if they pass a law allowing the use of marijuana why override them states rights only count when you agree
 all tied up and schurz senior guard kendall mathis smoked the free throws. we have overtime on milwaukee. 
 if trump goes after states that legalized weed ill turn on him faster than a roundhouse kick to the face
 @realdonaldtrump @whitehouse look seriously at the business plan the marijuana industry provides in jobs taxes medicinal uses abound
 22 @presssec ...with nonaddictive medical marijuana scripts would help alleviate the opiod addiction problem in this country
 so protecting lbgtq kids is a states rights issue but enforcement of marijuana laws is a federal issue sad
 wait  so states can tell people which bathroom to use  but not to let people hold small amounts of marijuana  
 oregon state where the usage of marijuana is legal. colorado another. government tried this before  but we are as c 
 so lgbtq rights are a states rights issue but the recreational use of marijuana is not there is no logic or consistency in trumpland.
 also if youre trying to trip off of a toad  you would milk it amp smoke the chemical. never fucking lick a toad.
 bathrooms are a states rights issue. weed  not. 
 so states have rights on abortion and discrimination but not marijuana 
 white house defers to states rights on transgender protections  but not on legalizing marijuana  by @zaidjilani
 @huffpostpol ignore states rights if marijuana ignore federal law if a transgendered child. doublespeak from a socalled president
 wake up stonernation its time to get uber political. reschedule420 smoke in the government april 24. @dcmj2014 
 white house expects greater enforcement against states that legalized recreational marijuana 
 ignoring states rights  threats of greater enforcement of rec marijuana laws  california 
 spicer feds could step up enforcement against marijuana use in states  go after trans kids and rec drugs. nice start
 lgbt issues should be settled by the states  but weed is to be a federal issue hypocritical bastards. 
 decisions should be left up to the states  battle cry of people now deciding that states cant make weed legal hypocrisy
 71 of us voters say fed govt should not interfere in states that have legalized medical or recreational marijuana. 
 @presssec you statement about medical marijuana  pot is proven to be a major help in the opiode epidemic it saved my life from  oxycontin
 @potus cracks down on marijuana laws to enrich his bad hombres in the for profit prisons. its all about making mon 
 taking a way my rights as a woman and marijuana i dont think so. when is @realdonaldtrump gonna get assassinated 
 transgender bathroom issue should be left to the states they say but when it comes to marijuana not so much  
 @badkaratemovie dont forget the petroleum industry. hemp can replace many products currently made from oil.
 mannnn see now trump finna try take away weed nah p. 
 @potus @realdonaldtrump really marijuana just tax it for gods sake
 buying weed off of a cool ass old lady right now
 spicer feds could step up enforcement against marijuana use in states 
 white house defers to states rights on transgender protections  but not on legalizing marijuana 
 apparently transgender issues is a state rights thing but not marijuana use  i feel like people use states right as an excuse.
 mail me weed
 mail me weed
 smoke weed but handle ya business
 moderate right helped push you in. marijuana it has many positives  whereas booze has none. dont go old hard right @realdonaldtrump
 @mmpadellan @nra his silly fear of marijuana will build the road to gun control.
 cnn its ok for god sessions  to let each state decide fate of transgenders.but god sessions  wants to control weed in all states.
 gop  states should be able to decide not to protect trans kids.  the doj will be taking action against states that legalized marijuana.
 states rights for lgbt issues  but federal control over marijuana  protecttranskids
 leave the muslims  immigrants  refugees  transgendered  native lands  and marijuana alone. stop. just stop.
 leave the muslims  immigrants  refugees  uteruses  transgendered  native lands  and marijuana alone. stop. just stop.
 why is transgender bathrooms a states right issue but medical or recreational marijuana use isnt @realdonaldtrump
 this is why the right regulatory system can protect legalized cannabis.  excited about our position.  refg  
 trump said during the campaign that marijuana was a state issue. keep your word. change federal law to allow states decide. @realdonaldtrump
 my wedding will have an open weed bar so invites are important.
 wait. so states rights are only for trans children but fuck legal weed that generates revenue. 
 so states rights begin at determining whether or not to protecttranskids but end at recreational marijuana use.... 
 give states power over trans rights but not weed  they dont actually care about states rights. they have an agen 
 how tf and why tf would you go against states who have already legalized recreational marijuana
 states that legalized marijuana .... 
 please contact your representatives and ask them to support h.r. 975  respect state marijuana laws  worldreefers
 @jaywillis @paulblu and abortion rights and legalizing marijuana...small govt
 @politico i think its hilarious that this trump admin wants to leave abortionstrans bathroom up to states but not weed itsajoke
 so states should decide on lgbt bathroom rights  but not weed law  fu @realdonaldtrump  
 @vp @seanspicer @realdonaldtrump im a cancer paitent i hope all u idiots get cancer and have 2 do it wout canabis 
 @ggreenwald in states where marijuana is legal for recreational use  pharma prescriptions for antidepressants are down. say no more.
 oh p. sure its just k8s  docker  and marijuana
 idk who said texas would be the last state to legalize marijuana but.. youre state is behind  
 so why cant recreational weed be a states rights issue 
 lmao at spicer claiming marijuana legalization would cause an increase in painkiller use. how can anyone say that with a straight face
 @elliottrhams man  are you somehow unaware of the fact that this country has priorities other than your right to smoke a joint wherever 
 @realdonaldtrump damn going after the weed states talk about loss of tax revenue... smh i thought you were a savvy business man
 were all about states rights.......except if youre smokin weed
 the vaccum at work smokes when used
  spicer states will likely see greater enforcement of federal law against rec marijuana
  spicer states will likely see greater enforcement of federal law against rec marijuana
 okay so states control abortion and transgender bathroom use  per trump but cant control marijuana use.  really 
 @mikeroe @joerogan notable exception being the marijuana argument with crowder. i dont care if its crowder or a prog like abby martin.
 netherlands govt voting to legalize  growing and selling weed. 
 its all states rights until hemp. nugs not nukes 
 its all states rights until hemp marijuana. nugs not nukes 
 salem valley 8 movie theater evacuated after someone inside it smelled smoke. crews say there were no flames. 
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 white house press secretary sean spicer says feds could step up enforcement against marijuana use in states 
 you do know spicer explicitly states that medical marijuana should be allowed and left up to the states  right 
 chain smoke da loud
 @seanspicer @realdonaldtrump if you really believe in states rights  leave legal marijuana alone. we have much more important work to do.
 so trump wants to crack down on states legalizing weed now good god  can this turd do 1 thing id support just 1
 @realdonaldtrump so lgbt rights are state rights but marijuana rights are federal rights you fucking hypocrite 
 @realdonaldtrump whats this bullshit about cracking down on recreational pot knock it off. no one cares if people smoke pot.
 hemp is right on the money  highlighted a 1914 series 10 bill of a hemp harvest. the bill is 
 because federal law exists prohibiting use of medical marijuana. theres no such law for transgender bathroom righ 
 @dearauntcrabby and get an understanding of why trumps businesses were a dismal failure. hes nothing but smoke amp mirrors. pretender
 then they go after states who legalized weed....makes private prisons go boom 
 you should be able to smoke cigarettes on a plane if youre watching the maltese falcon
 pretty much. antimarijuana law enforcement is not about marijuana... 
 if you like smoking weed amp things that are funny  check out @jmazz1111 @imtooeffinghigh  puffpuffpass laughoften 
 gop on transgender students and restrooms let states decide issues  gop on marijuana dont let states decide issues  which is it
 spicer feds could step up enforcement against marijuana use in states 
 if anyone wants to invite me for some drinks or some little smoke smoke im open to it 
 trumps checklist this week pissed off lgbtq mexico eruopean union ciafbi media pot smokers yep  just making america great.
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 nigga rolled his weed in beef jerky 
 trump administration hints at greater enforcement of marijuana laws. 
 legalized pot creates opportunities across the spectrum  says taylor west  deputy director of the national cannabis industry association.
 @realdonaldtrump hope this is fake news about doj taking action against states that legalized recreational use of marijuana bad business
 @realdonaldtrump legalizing recreational use of marijuana has taken 1.8 billion away from the cartel just in colorado good business
 @potus there is nothing political to be gained by enforcing federal marijuana laws and a lot to lose.
 spicer cant decide what is and isnt a states right issue. what if trans people smoked legal pot in the bathroom hypocrisyisabitch
 @thehill. anyone that has smoked pot wants to legalize.  make some money usa.
 dont compare trans lives and rights to marijuana usage and legalization.
 wait how r ppl not asking this if medical marijuana cures diseases isnt it clear it also prevents diseases presscofference
 the fact that the war on drugs is still a thing especially on marijuana is fucking beyond me. this is bullshit
 1st grade i had to have a talk with my teacher because i pretended to smoke a cheeeto amp my friends told on me  
 no. under existing federal law  marijuana is illegal nationwide. no equivalent for bathroom use by transgender stud 
 clinton said she would leave recreational marijuana up to the states and reschedule it. youve all made your beds.
 buys round of liquid marijuana shots 4 friends @emilydough  um.. kayla is there actual... weed in here i...i cant take this shot 
 love how states rights exist for ending protections for transgender students but not for marijuana legalization
 @pdsfinest well see if you can handle real weednot that trash from the valley 
 @lutherstrange @realdonaldtrump i guess that youre not so big on states rights if it involves legalization of marijuana  right
 @potus please let the states decide on marijuana policys let the people vote not an issue for big fed government thank you president trump
 i just informed a customer fellow stoner about the smoke buddy and how to make a sploof 
 @realdonaldtrump to deny its citizens affordable healthcare. but when a state legalizes weed  now you want to enforce federal law
 trump owns no interest in the pot industry so bye bye legal weed 
 reinstate private prisons and discriminatory states rights then signal a crackdown on states that allow legal marijuana @potus is pure bs.
 djt keep your campaign pledge 2 respect state marijuana legalization laws   growamerica 
 transgender protections is a matter of states rights. marijuana legalization is a matter of federal jurisdiction. 
 nah real niggas ran through the smokedust 
 @realdonaldtrump  you mother fucker talk about campaign promises but now attack recreational marijuana wa state  having none of it
 @billhic02785574 @elliottrhams the law is that weed is legal in many states. and states rights is another pseudo trump issue.
 @nateedagreat nah thats all i used to smoke when i first started. strain diversity bro you gotta get hip.
 trans kids in bathrooms trump states rights issues. states vote to make weed legal trump nope  thats not legal
 so federal marijuana law trumps states rights but states rights gender laws trump federal civil rights something 
 trump wants harsher fed. restrictions on marijuana due to opioid crisis.
 you not doing it right if you smoke more than you selling 
 trump its the states right to regulate marijuana how they choose also trump the doj is going to get involved in 
 people using the bathroom is a state issue but people smoking weed a federal issue 
 trump the states can decide to regulate marijuana  also trump the doj is gonna dictate how states regulate mariju 
 cum smoke me down
 washington states response to white house push to crackdown on legalized marijuana 
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 will somebody please explain to seanspicer that all people who use marijuana experience the positive effects  not just medical card holders
 @alexanderkaczm2 i always forget weeds illegal when i buy them and will talk about it very non secretly. no one ever cares hahaha
 another thought @realdonaldtrump comparing legal weed to opioids is far fetched.. green states voted this in legalizecannabis donttredonus
 trump states rights matter states advance trans rights  legalize weed trump not those rights tho
 @realdonaldtrump alright ive had it. fuck you if youre gunna start a war against marijuana when this country is coursing with legal opiods
 @wizdonnnn hey man  i just smoke weed  also  isnt that a bitmoji
 why do 7 people get shot in 1 night in chicago cuz u give a nigga 100 out here..hell smoke his own momma
 america needs to stop actin like we care about the safety of women and children...you can get more time for selling weed then rape
 @realdonaldtrump you oversized orange prolapsed asshole will never take weed from the state of colorado.  marijuana
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 transgender issues are states issues.  abortions are state issues.  but states not grown up enough for marijuana decisions.  resist
  the opioid crisis is linked to marijuana  right so is that hiv outbreak in southern indiana. wait... nope. opi 
 @presssec cannabis frees addicts from opiate addiction. please fact check such an important matter. 
 lets make this perfectly fucking clear the rise in illicit drug overdoses has not shit to do with state marijuana 
 did anyone ask @seanspicer why trans bathroom laws are a states rights issue but legal marijuana isnt
 interesting finding states that allow prescription marijuana have decrease in the use of prescription opioids 
 will draconian sentences resurface for marijuana possession is legal here in or so we have businesses that will di 
 i would get robbed everyday if i sold weed 
 states rights the reason for the transgender roll back  but states cant decide for themselves on weed where the r 
 dont use that cocaine or marijuana bc that stuff is highly addictive
 dear @potus  i support changing medical marijuana from class 1 to class 3  so research can accelerate  and patients who need it can get it.
 eat  workout  smoke. favorite things to do
 @presssec if the president recognizes the medical value of medical marijuana  why is it still a schedule one drug according to the dea
 the real thugs and criminals are the fucking people in congress. leave the weedman alone.
 white house says  ban on recreational marijuana to be enforced savvy investors are cautions in the extreme now that jeff session is usag
 so trump wants to have control of states having power about weed  but leave it up to the states for students safety
 law of the universe people who smoke a lot of weed will enjoy naruto.
 white house hints at enforcing marijuana law   hey donnie  its called federalism. look it up. scrap fed weed laws
 iteam guns legal  marijuana legal  but not together 8nn 
 iteam guns legal  marijuana legal  but not together   8nn  via @vanessamurphy 2a news
 @stephenathome why are they planning on making recreational weed illegal again isnt that a states rights issue
 trump administration hints at greater enforcement of marijuana laws 
 you i smoke weed me  an intellectual i smoketh the herb
 @donaldtrumpnewz fat girls shouldnt use marijuana. makes them snack more on junk food. cant afford it. see broad w bra strap showing
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 @joerogan @realdonaldtrump talking positive about medical marijuana.... right there has to be leaps and bounds above @hillaryclinton right
 i smoke my weed and mind my damn business.
 sean spicer seemed to tie marijuana use to opioids. the evidence isnt on his side.  alternative facts
 so protection for trans youths is a states issue  but recreational marijuana is a federal one. got it  @whitehouse. makes total sense. 
 its coming really @potus going to  enforce federal law on marijuana by going after states who legalized it... 
 @realdonaldtrump i moved my family out to colorado 2 work in the marijuana  industry. meamp wife are thriving. please dont take my job away.
 @hasanihunter also funny how the many opioid rattled counties that voted for the fool are going to get marijuana policed harder.
 so lgbt rights is a states rights issue.  but the federal government is going to do raids to catch brown people with weed.
 trump 1990 you have to legalize drugs to win that war. @seanspicer 2017 expect greater enforcement of marijuana laws under trump
 so marijuana is a federal issue but trans rights are a state issue hypocrites resist fascism @realdonaldtrump 
 @realdonaldtrump wont release his taxes because he isnt a billionaire or else hed show us. because he likes 2brag just more smokeampmirrors
 its not a coincidence that trump announced theyre coming after the states who legalized marijuana the same day he reversed the prison ban
 funny the same day sessions loosens regs private prisons the trump admin announces a crack down on rec marijuana use. @maddow @morningjoe
 white house suggests enforcing federal marijuana laws 
 @realdonaldtrump legalize weed and sell it in convenience stores in packs like cigarettes  we may as well make the revenue from it..
 trump on trans the president maintains this is a states rights issue. trump on recreational weed the feds will 
 who up to smoke this wood wit me
 @realdonaldtrump sir with all the topics and hate towards you please dont dip into the marijuana issues we need those votes maga
 @realdonaldtrump smokes crack. im convinced of it. crackheadalert 
 @realdonaldtrump how can you be for states rights and simultaneously crackdown on those states that legalized marijuana
 leave the rights of women amp trans kids up to the states  but throw all pot smokers in private prisons amp send tanks 
 looks like recreational marijuana is staying illegal and the feds are going to enforce the law. maga @realdonaldtrump
 lgbt rights its a states decision legalized marijuana  its a federal law voting everyone register guns no background check
 @realdonaldtrump  50 000 uses of industrial hemp november 27 infographic  oregon ... 
 trump spokesperson were cracking down on weed all the frat boys that voted for trump 
 schedule 1 drug  no medical benefithighly abusable.  so why arent tobacco amp alcohol schedule 1 why is marijuana listed there    
 dear @seanspicer   im confused  why are lgbtq rights a states issue  but recreational marijuana a federal issue please explain.
 @realdonaldtrump sir we need to legalize marijuana across the country at least as medical. allow farmers to grow he 
 @potus sir  we nb eed to legalize marijuana across the country. at least for medicine 
 @potus sir  we need to legalize marijuana across the country.at least for medicine 
 did any of the 8 states that have legalized use of recreational marijuana vote for trump  oops  i guess yourvotematters
 .@realdonaldtrump you cry states rights when it comes to transgender laws but want federal laws for marijuana get your priorities straight
 @realdonaldtrump @potus let states decide on rec marijuana canthaveitbothways transgenderbathrooms butnotpot
 @presssec @realdonaldtrump legal adult use of cannabis is stopping drug traffic on the border. concentrate our effo 
 expect greater enforcement of marijuana laws under trump  spicer says  @joerogan   this mufucka is official crazy.
 jeff session bout to get tough on marijuana in states that legalized it hahahahahaha good luck homie
 i also had a dream that i smoked a bowl full of cocaine and i said isnt this crack and my friends said nah its fine.
 @coryelzey notice how states rights dont come into play with marijuana legalization under this administration.
 is the bigger concern with wh marijuana comments fear of actual raids or a chilling effect on business amp investment because of uncertainty
 @presssec @potus so  its states rights when it comes to a bathroom  but its the feds rights when it comes to marijuana make up your mind.
 @brasilmagic anyone who consumes cannabis products and supports trump is just as nuts as a devout christian who supports him  maybe more so.
 then smoke some herb this morning and ya day will go smoothly.
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 when she asks you to smoke her up for free 
 @realdonaldtrump  protection of lgbt kids is a state issue  but marijuana usage is a federal issue makes total sense.. resist
 if you want to restore public safety  save lives by making adult use of cannabis legal. @presssec @realdonaldtrump 
 @presssec @realdonaldtrump legal cannabis is also quelling traffic fatalities. 
 right. because the handful of transgender children who cant defend themselves is defending states rights issues  but marijuana isnt....
 let me get this straight. trans rights  which are a civil rights issue should be best handled with the states but weed  totes a fed issue
 now that idiot is even attacking 34 of the people who voted 4 him going to enforce laws against marijuana  good luck getting reelected
 in regards to spicers comments about cracking down on states whove legalized weed.
 states rights its about money amp states legalization of marijuana slows the flow of black amp brown people into pri 
 trump talks about taking down cartels. yet wants to go after americans growing pot.. not like legal weed has created any jobs right
 yeah so  um  since youre feeling federalist  @realdonaldtrump   can we also please leave marijuana laws up to the states
 she my weed roller  @wizkhalifa
 @realdonaldtrump your supporters thought they were getting legal marijuana  @seanspicer is freaking out the base. 
 @potus mr. president i am a veteran. the army got me hooked on pain killers. medical marijuana helped me stop and control the pain.
 funny how republicans now want to take on legalized marijuana. truly shows they truly dont believe in the concept of states rights.
 trump administration compares marijuana legalization to opiod epidemic   me 
 pretty girls who smoke make me cringe
 republicans  who say theyre for states rights  want to stop marijuana in states that have voted to legalize. hypocrites. @seanspicer
 @realdonaldtrump @seanspicer    want to be really unpopular attack state rights to have legal marijuana  which 59 of americans support
 @mikepencevp silent majority wants legal marijuana legalmarijuana pay off debt create jobs  focus on real issues immigrantsboarders jobs
 i find it funny how i dont smokepot anymore and its now legal.
 @searanchvoice @thehill but marijuana laws shouldnt be left to the states so thats not the reason  thats the excuse
 this article shall be known and may be cited as the north carolina medical cannabis act. filed  house bill 185. 
 the department of justice might take action against states with legalized marijuana 
 the department of justice might take action against states with legalized marijuana 
 @jbsseattle @justicedems id fight any drug charge in a weedlegal state with a trial. let a jury in these states decide.impeachdump
 not sure i understand how lgbt rights are state issues  but marijuana is a federal one.
 @realdonaldtrump its time to legalize recreational marijuana and make america great againjobstaxes
 the department of justice might take action against states with legalized marijuana 
 the department of justice might take action against states with legalized marijuana 
 ironic how spicey talks shit about weed  but more than anything would probably benefit from smoking weed. seriously  get a nice indica  dude
 @realdonaldtrump @potus recreational marijuana creates jobs tax revenue and america will winlegalize
 . @realdonaldtrump dictates police should enforce federal law when it comes to weed use  but states decide bathroom use transgender
 . . . doctors from legal penalties and is not intended to change current . . . law governing the use of cannabis for nonmedical purposes.
 so trump wants to give states power in regulating bathrooms for transgender students but the federal govt power to regulate marijuana laws.
 feds will step up enforcement of marijuana laws in states where it is already legal white house  via @ktla
 the worst thing to do is personify someone  and judge them negatively just because they smoke weed
 trump states should be able to make their own laws about trans bathroom use gp what about states regulating weed 
 republicans states should make decisions on education and health care  medical marijuana bad for big pharma  big government no prob
 @cenkuygur republicans states should make decisions on education  health care  medical marijuana bad for big pharma  big government no prob
 oh  and the newest thing  gop is all about states rights  but we cant possibly let states regulate recreational marijuana. oh no 
 @potus more people in this country votes to legalize marijuana than more people even voted for you for president marijuana gt you
 if bathroom bills  abortion and so many other things are a states rights issue  why not cannabis cannabisisstatesrights
 imagine if california could export its cannabis products  that would be a lot of revenue both for the state and entrepreneurs and the irs
 just when we started legalizing weed  the republicans come in and decide to take away states rights concerning recreational marijuana
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 the commercialization of marijuana should not excuse the folks who are against its use. cant benefit then prosecute. notthistime resist
 so states should decide who uses which bathroom but cant decide if smoking marijuana is okay everyone following along
 @realdonaldtrump if you mess with legal marijuana laws you can be assured youre 1 term president. 
 president trump believes medical marijuana can alleviate pain amp suffering  but recreational pot the government shouldnt be enabling
 please sign and share keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 .@dgainz is back with new video smoke da smoke  
 we ont smoke no mid shawty
 @bevhallberg lgbtq rights are a state issue  no. theyre civil rights.  why isnt marijuana enforcement state issue  or immigration
 @potus @seanspicer @ivank please make a positive statement supporting medical marijuana researchamp  testing. its medically needed.  retweet.
 ok so equality laws are a states rights issue but the feds are going to come after legal weed am i correct  spi 
 nah a red lighter is a smokers bad luck 
  donald trump thinks the people voted for him but the people didnt vote for legal weed kill yourself
 ending recreational marijuana in states that have legalized it would be devastating to employmenteconomytourism.
 @firesign1969 @yohi64 i used it to pull out of a suicidal depression caused by trazadone. weed kept me alive as i detoxed.
 @realdonaldtrump if you fuck with cannabis law and you make it harder to legalize you will start a cival war
 please signkeep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 trumps administration trying to wage a war on recreational weed ha forgetting an important act called states rights. 
 reconstruct illegal cannabis. states rights.
 for all you kids saying marijuana is now legal in texas do your research. medical use only. so that does not mean you can freely smoke.
 for all you kids saying weed is now legal in texas do some research. medical use only  so do not think you can freely smoke a blunt.
 mr.president  we support you 100. please adopt a clear federal policy on medical and adult  regulate marijuana@potus @norml
 conservatives for the legalizing of cannabis
 the majority of americans want legal access to cannabis. jobs and taxes benefit all. please support our movement @potus @norml
 protecting trans students states rights  prosecuting marijuana possession in states that legalized it enforce federal laws
 @jayski youre allowed to smoke while driving now hes good 
 fact check cannabis is legal in more than 40 states  territories  etc.  its recreational cannabis thats legal 
 i always smoke then forget i have things to do 
 its 2017 and our government still thinks that a prohibition of marijuana will eventually succeed.
 federal mandates for bathrooms but not for marijuana  for that matter. silly argument marijuana is illegal nationw 
 @chiyouman @amazingatheist smoke weed literally requires no action by trump  just leave it up to states.
 @realsessions when you go after marijuana  just remember that real republicans believe in states rights. we in wa. state have voted.
 @realsessions opioid mortality has decreased in states with legalized marijuana. statesrights racismisbad prohibitiondoesntwork
 in some states you can get rich from weed  others you can go to jail for 45 years. some states pay 15 an some pay 7.  but we united  aw okay
 abortion guns lbgqt gay marriage  states rights marijuana  not so fast 
 states rights for bathrooms  but not for marijuana @cnnpolitics 
 .@realdonaldtrump you said you would leave marijuana legalization to the states keep your promise
 legalize weed  illegalize weed socks.
 states rights only for bigotry amp zealots.  trump administration signals possible crackdown on states over marijuana 
 question of the day should heroin be legalized similar to how states have legalized recreational marijuana
 donald  i love you. but  please leave the marijuana laws up to the states. its great revenue for roads and schools.
 @potus marijuana is a states rights issue. cmon youre better than this cpac2017 marijuana
 @foxnews  in real time. i will smoke pot  and will never stop. legalize i will resist
 @realdonaldtrump stay away from the pot laws too many ppl benefit mentally and physically from marihuana
 who will benefit more off cannabis in 2017
 hey @potus been on trump train for 7 years  before you. crack down on marijuana im jumping off. freedom cant exist if nature is illegal
 dont fuck with my weed mother fucker 
 keep marijuana illegal if you hate money @potus  do you know how fast we could get out of debt the jobs the hemp industry would create
 do some research or talk to me @potus @realdonaldtrump i will educate you on marijuana. god gave man all plants bearing seeds for man to use
 police dont want medical marijuana legalized in south carolina  via @wltx tunde
 the doj will supposedly go after states that have legalized marijuana and everyone is finally realizing the governments policies are a joke
 @dankcreative trump had supported states rights to choose how to legislate it...but thats just up in smoke now... 
 @ericspracklen @realdonaldtrump marijuana is not the issue but the speed  heroin  and crack coming over not pot
 @realdonaldtrump so states rights regarding the rights of trans people but federal crackdown on states rights that legalize marijuana
 i hate the government forcing men in girls bathrooms states rights the government should crack down on states on weed. conservativelogic
 yeah  weed is pretty cool. dont take that shit  hummie. @realdonaldtrump
 @vp @secondlady @potus   states rights for schools  abortion  voting  guns  bathrooms  but  not cannabis
 so trumps organization is for states rights with lgbt but not for marijuana
 you can always count on me to change the argument in class over to the legalization of marijuana in kansas
 @franzferdinan57 trump administration making big mistake if they try to enforce fed laws against marijuana in states that have legalized it.
 @franzferdinan57 medical andor recreational marijuana should be a states rights issue protected under the 10th amendment.
 @franzferdinan57 tax credits for out of pocket medical expenses  including medical marijuana  has to be key feature in replacing obamacare.
 imo otc weed flow will go into bitcoins now.... now that weed got spiced by wh...israel and canadian mjs may be different.. adapt
 my exclusive interview with a pot smoker outraged by the feds stepping up pot law enforcement  peace   dude. 
 youll never fumigate the demons  no matter how much you smoke
 @sensanders @wex1200 so present a bill to deschedule and regulate marijuana and commute sentences of federal prisoners wmj only convictions
 find a pot smoker that voted trump and slap the shit out of them 
 sure i stunt weed pics on the daily and i smoke all day but i mainly use it for my social anxiety tbh.
 @potus you want to throw the liberal media a serious curveball legalize marijuana. legalizeit
 best way to end the hate if youre president trump  executive order to make weed and original 4 lokos legal again.   america happy again
 cant wait til weed is legal
 @thataylaa you may have your own reservations on this.. and thats 100 okay but have you ever tried medical marijuana
 didnt @realdonaldtrump promise to legalize marijuana during his campaign
 @potus stay away from the marijuana issue.  leave it to the states like you said you would.  you will lose supporters
 @kellyannpolls tump should stay away from marijuana issue.  leave it to the states like he said he would.
 states who have legalized medical marijuana for managing chronic pain have fewer deaths from prescription painkiller overdoses
 @realdonaldtrump explain if you please your administration wants to decentralize government but youre going after states with legal weed
 @realdonaldtrump i voted for you  so legalize marijuana for medical and recreational use. that way  you can make capital by taxing it amp jobs
 @potus i voted for you  so legalize marijuana for medical and recreational use. that way  you can make capital by taxing it amp jobs.
 our take on medical cannabis in iowa. how to build a great bill for patients. 
 its mr. smokealottapot  get ya baby mommy popped
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 my friends smoke weed and people be hittin da rock over on bruford ave talkin bout sumn weed not good for u
 states rights for bathrooms  but not for marijuana @cnnpolitics 
 @therealbwhitey  drink and smoke til its gone 
 a medical marijuana clinic in north central phoenix neighbors say ..not the right spot and the city agrees so how 
 @whitehouse @potus this far  @potus hasnt done a thing.  its all smoke and mirrors @cnn @buzzfeed @nytpolitics
 @surgeongeneral smoking is just bad in any form creating in secondhand smoke also greatly increases your chance for cancer. ban smoking
 if someone who cant hear smokes pot  that would make them highdeaf.
 i forget its states rights when it comes to transgender restroom rules but no states rights when its weed.  
 @realdonaldtrump @jeffsessions upped marijuana enforcement is backward. controlled legalization of all better 
 @msnbc where does 45 draw the line btwn ged laws amp states rights issues marijuana laws were approved at state leve 
 @msnbc where does 45 draw the line btwn fed laws amp states rights issues marijuana laws were approved at state leve 
 @msnbc states rights apply to marijuana  equal marriage  transgender restrooms  auto weapons  lg cap clips  laws we 
 im guessing the smokey haze in nw okc is from wildfires to the north
 @realdonaldtrump so its states rights pertaining to transgender bathroom issue but not concerning recreational marijuana dick
 classic @realdonaldtrump smokescreen to take the focus off of the conversation itself. potus is no different. the s 
 @tnicole14 whyd you retweet this  you cant reach the smoke alarm  
 the people voted @realdonaldtrump . you talk about giving the power to the people. leave recreational marijuana alone . the people voted.
 @pot808o the smoke is just hitting the beams of sunlight
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 smoke all my weed   tattoo on titties 
 @lilcigarette name of my favorite weed strain
 please tell me the bus driver isnt a smoker .. 
 @christichat @potus @cpac know that we want legal marijuana silentmajority tax it pay debt create jobs legalmarijuana
 @diamondandsilk @potus @realdonaldtrump silent majority wants legal marijuana tax it pay off debt create jobs 
 @ericspracklen silent majority wants legal marijuana tax it pay off debt create jobs legalmarijuana 
 @daxtonbrown overturn the fed law amp leave to states. only us small farmer grown weed allowed a ding to mx amp tax it. win over 20somethings.
 @ericspracklen @realdonaldtrump @whitehouse legalize marijuana tax it create jobs silent majority wants it legal you will see 
 states rights.  leave civil rights to states but not marijuana growing
 @skinbiscuits @buzzardbob @seanras @saltytalk @yummythingys @yooper63 why so much hate needing some smoke
 thefive like liberalism  @thejuanwilliams marijuana destroys the mind 
 so over the course of a few days trump decides to use for profit prisons again and enforce weed laws more. im sure both are unrelated...
 @skinbiscuits @buzzardbob @seanras @saltytalk @yummythingys @yooper63 bio diesel smoke corn whiskey why i go to the tractor show
 thefive like liberalism @thejuanwilliams marijuana destroys the ability to think for yourself  
 .@thefive  why cant fda determine some standards and have medical marijuana sold on prescription at pharmacies
 @potus please pass the decision of marijuana back to the states ond not a unenforced federal law.
 how do people have the confidence to smoke weed out in public
 on the federal level should the @realdonaldtrump legalize marijuana and leave it up to the states how they want to handle it
 also  @realdonaldtrump  imagine all the jobs youre killing with marijuana prohibition. yeson4ma @potus
 breaking governor mike huckabee announces support for marijuana legalization. 
 promise you dis not da smoke you want.
 lil bitches wont bring that smoke to philly tho  warready
 .@senatorsessions @jeffsessions thank you lawandorder if usa wants marijuana legalized federally then congress should pass it into law
 you the type of nigga to smoke the tobacco out of a gar 
 @michaelberrysho you want to legalize weed.  have you seen our test scores
 @johnfugelsang all states with legal marijuana should secede from the country because they have enough tax income to survive on their own.
 raid a drug investigation led police to recovering three guns  11 000 and suspected marijuana. 
 the thriving businesses in colorado are fake they are paid by the corrupt hemp industry to lie about their profits sad
 we the people  are the people who voted legalize marijuana farmers of america cash crop top it all the best jets made from the best minds
 president trump please end the prohibition on cannabis now
 will legalizing marijuana exacerbate americas opi... 
 chances are this much smoke means a huge  treasonous fire... or  as the russians say. will congress investi 
 @trumponly prestrump please end the prohibition of cannabis now
 @realdonaldtrump why in the obama phone still in operation stop the program. let them use smoke signals.
 trump will probably ban marijuana and cookies. people get shot and gun control obviously isnt an option 
 @lesterholtnbc @potus @realdonaldtrump @vp @whitehouse @wolfblitzer pres djt war on media is smoke screen. press can win war wtruth vs lies
 woahhhh is that a picture of weed on your story
 i see youve got your medical marijuana license in arkansas already  
 @realdonaldtrump please make marijuana legal and take it out the hands of drug cartels so we can get the medicine we need
 trump administration wanna take away all the legal statessss that approved marijuana. 
 cupcakes are here come get em made with shake a paw smoked porter.  by donation for bcspca 
 president trump plans on cracking down on california and striking down the marijuana legalization laws.
 the billion dollar marijuana industry in california has now gone bust  legal experts say. president trump intends on striking down the law.
 i feel like these pictures of weed would actually cause permanent damage andor cease of neurological function enti 
 and gotta run through the smoke with them annoying demon monkeys 
 are those weed plants  my mother everyone  
 @scottreel63 @trumpregrets trump doesnt care about you or your weed...only your vote...and please stay off his lawn  he lies to everyone
 republican town halls across the country r being infiltratedhigh jacked by paid soros amp obama employees smoke them out  join the fight
 is it a good idea to use copper in your cannabis grow  via @marijuanatimesx
 is it a good idea to use copper in your cannabis grow  via @marijuanatimesx
 drug overdoses have decreased since 1996 in states where medical cannabis has been availablelegalizeitformedical 
 @ltgiv fingers crossed that he would actually let the states go about managing this. marijuana has no business being a schedule 1 anyway
 everyones tripping about kansas legalizing marijuana when half the people i see in public are clearly stoned 
 people im a local artist in eastern oregon. trying to be a part of this cannabis revolution.
 states rights for bathrooms  but not for marijuana @cnnpolitics 
 towel under the door we wasnt even supposed to smoke
 @magcartemilitia @laveiledlafemme @jnbarke @sostrump12 @lindapezzino @judgejeanine chew tobacco...  or snuff...  or smoke a toby..bamer
 @realdonaldtrump @potus @jeffsessions u were not put n office to go after petty drugs like weed. we put u in we can remove you too fix dc
 used to always have a pma but holy fuck my anxiety and depression have been nope i should just smoke weed
 you mean like freedom to have abortions or acquire medical marijuana 
 @elonjames @avajae its all a smoke screen 2 cover the fact they wont b bringing anybody new jobs  but dont worry ur on the winning team
 i have a cannabis infused cocktail recipe for ya 
 i smoke a lot but dont judge me
 so trump wants to weedout states that legalized nonmedical marijuana. yet when it comes to transrights he says its a stateissue. wtf
 @potus is all about states rights to violate title ix but not to implement marijuana laws passed by popular vote. 
 @michaelberrysho and yet children drink beer.  they also smoke weed too. you make it legal you make it more available
 @wizkhalifa lets smoke for my birthday fr this time please 
 @ryanlbowman i tried to weed mine down a bit  but i cant. at 35 figures. they did say most of these should be up for preorder eventually.
 @purespoken legal growers in ca get robbed all the time. legalizing the weed is not the panacea that the propagandists would have us think
 the weed im puffin all the lean im guzzling
 i find it pretty ridiculous that marijuana is a schedule 1 drug along w heroin amp lsd while cocaine and meth are schedule 2. how jw.
 the only thing that will make me happy is freedom to smoke wat i want to in these great united states of america
 @realdonaldtrump @potus please respect the will of the voters in states that have legalized recreational marijuana.
 @potus @realdonaldtrump legal recreational marijuana is the will of the people. let states decide
 state pot growers lawyer up feds announce crack down on rec marijuana  so @ussenate members form cannabis caucus. 
 @potus @realdonaldtrump quinnipiac poll 71 percent of americans would oppose a federal crackdown on legal marijuana 93 percent favor medical
 @realdonaldtrump @realsessions please help us legalize and federalize marijuana the prohibition is time to end  m 
 how ine gatty smoke outside in da cold no more gtgtgtgt
 imma sip it til ill feel it imma smoke it til its done 
 hush hemp is looking for a public relations intern if interested  please submit a resume and two writing samples to desiree@hushhemp.com
 @realdonaldtrump  trump gearing up new war on weed  youtube 
 @potus @reince stay away frm marijuana issue. trump said states right issue stay that way push for law change u dont need the distraction
 .@pitchblakbrass asks for weed to a sheepish crowd.
 @tommychong statesrights trump claims to respect state rights  but this is a smoke screen. leaders in washington state stand strong.
 states rights for bathrooms  but not for marijuana @cnnpolitics 
 @beavisimposter @realdonaldtrump if he is a states rights advocate  why sick the feds on legal marijuana states transrightsarehumanrights
 @khristiereed @applyyourself @sensanders marijuana amp metabolites are schedule 1. it should go to c3 like ghb for narcolepsy.
 hey fellow americans good luck living here after all immigrants  artists  journalists and weed smokers move to canada.
 @rogerjstonejr @realdonaldtrump i live in wa state amp marijuana helped my bf w ptsd depression and anxiety more than any rx. legalize it.
 @realdonaldtrump state rights let them pick bathrooms but not recreational marijuanahypocriet 
 as a funta smoker having a scratchy throat is the worst
 legalize cannabis worldwide its about  liberty basic human rights health jobs industry  end evil drug war  jd   
 sippn on dis wine  mixed wit a splash of bacardi .. wishn i had multiple weed connects like i did in syracuse. wtf. 
 yeszr smoke filled friday saucey salute @ sacramento  california 
 wow why wont anyone smoke with me
 youre not suppose to smoke before you get a tattoo but i cant help it 
 legalize weed
 @taylormomsen hey babe. smoke some weed
 myplanetwouldhave good paying jobs w healthcare for all  3 day weekends  no cancer  narcissists or wars  legalized marijuana  everything
 i thought republicans were against the overreach of the federal government.  california legalized marijuana.  states rights donny
 @realdonaldtrump want to be liked by all americans legalize cannabis. 
 @realdonaldtrump mr president please repeal legal marijuana laws in dc it is hurting our children
 i suggest trying this  @boltmutt. ori is amazing with weed. strain i suggest for ori is sour diesel. 
 @thomburger @collins18 @bretbaier @realdonaldtrump funny the only time i hear that anyone wants to legalize weed  is on tv.
 bill in congress could protect colorados marijuana laws 
 ok now time to smoke another bowl finish dancin to this album  then im knocking tf outt lol @unofficialthey 
 @realdonaldtrump please listen. im supporting most of what youre doing but cracking down on marijuana is the worst idea ever. medicine
 @realdonaldtrump think business. make marijuana legal solve opiate addiction  overcrowding prisonsjails  and revenue for the us people
 duh smoke pot instead you drunks  
 the only sad thing about inevitable marijuana legalization is that there wont be any more stories like this 
 good luck to maiden lady blue devils as they travel to smokey mtn for their @nchsaa 2a womens 3rd rd matchup. goblue
 good luck ladies on your 3rd rd matchup against smokey mtn. @nchsaa  maidenwbb goblue
 s04677 new relates to prohibiting the use of smokeless tobacco on school grounds. 
 @msnbc pls keep your focus on the facts speak to necessity of the danger of a smoke screen  double talk amp subject changing
 what are ur favorite natural and homeopathic remedies for anxiety besides weed
 opiod crisis is from legal prescription medications.. not marijuana. 
 bill in congress could protect colorados marijuana laws 
 icantrespectanyonewho thinks we should have less gun laws bc criminals get guns but think weed should be legal
 if he did believe in states rights he would leave marijuana laws alone. but big pharmaceutical has something to say 
 fig leaf. they dont support state rights on marijuana. 
 @halaaltom you shouldnt take drama from the scotts lawn care forum over here. this is a nice website wo weedampfeed keyboard warriors
 @realdonaldtrump so civil rights are states rights but marijuana isnt man your admin is conflicted theresistance
 @romanisnumber1 @jessewelle good thing marijuana isnt a drug  right
 lyndsay just told me i intimidate men bc im a witty outspoken smoke show and i swear to god im crying
 @realdonaldtrump you lie cheat and steal and you talk about people using weed what a joke u are
 @realdonaldtrump dont mess with cannabis. if you start interfering with cannabis well turn on you. quickly.
 i graded presidenttrump an a @potus @seanspicer dear sir  my mother die 2003 in excruciating pain  please allow med marijuana nationwide.
 @realdonaldtrump please make marijuana legal so i can get my meds or let the states decide please
 nice sunset filtered through the smoke of a huge fire in kansas sunset wildfire kansas 
 how can u say leave it to the states  then the next day say cracking down on recreational marijuana in legal states complete hypocrisy
 if trump use weed legalization cash to build his wall  liberal america would be so conflicted  i would too. 
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 @johnfugelsang has anyone proposed legislation to legalize marijuana at the federal level
 @julesaf0 @leehaushaeusler @trumpregrets @realdonaldtrump glad that marijuana can bring people together from diff political ideas
 know a lot of pot smokers im sure we all do.many are not politically engaged.hope that when trumpsterfire comes for their herb they wakeup
 that smoke you see on the horizon... 
 ur wcw calls weed drugs
 buehler to feds hands off oregon marijuana   back off trump
 jefree star is so dramatic when he smokes weed
 my dad just sent me a video that talks about weed 
 we smoke in public 
 celebrity marijuana brands sprout  following states approval of recreational pot. 
  dont drink that winecoke would be betterits easier to findn if that wont do smoke a joint or twobut dont drink that wine...  lmao
 @dazeddaisie is my favorite ganja girl 
 theyre all for states rights until states do something they disagree with. @reppeterdefazio  who is a member of the cannabis caucus.
 so human and civil rights are states issues but medical marijuana is a federal issue ok  sure. thisisadisaster 
 things that are harder than id anticipated finding a place to legally smoke a cigarette in downtown toronto. a 9m exclusion zone is big.
 @pardiegras @kaymo410 its like theyre all sitting in a room 40 approval how can we fix that lets take away weed
 @thisweekabc if you smoked pot or have done cocaine in college admit it politicians.. damn it..
 trump claims to be for the people and says hell bring them jobs but wants to crack down on states who have legalized marijuana...
 dear @realdonaldtrump  if youre not going to legalize marijuana nationally leave the topic the fuck alone  thank you the smoking community
 lurkin laguna to lb. smoked a blunt wit ya momma. longbeach runlbc
 and marijuana less harmful than alcohol ld50 so high basically impossible to die from. but deagov dont care abo 
 @adamsinger more like pharma companies that hate the falling prescription drug rates in legalized marijuana states.
 5 things donald trump should know before he shuts down the legal marijuana industry  
 cases of coronas and my lil marijuana im a face a whole dub  ozs for my soldiers 
 unobthe pussy fire when she smoke malboro instead of america spirit
 california is ready to defend the rights of marijuana users  medical and recreational. magnolia is here to help 
 gop federal marijuana laws should be nationally enforced. transgender laws should be left up to the states. huh
 @potus @realdonaldtrump cannibus amp marijuana  your justice will go after the industry what a bureaucratic waste of time doyourjob
 @jeffsessions @realdonaldtrump just to get it clear  gay rights should go back to the states  but theres no state right as far as marijuana
 @norml so state rights are above gay rights but not when it comes to marijuana. hipocrits in the pockets of big pharma. calexit
 sir can you turn the smoke on  we wanna take pictures in it takes pictures literally in the smoke doesnt wor 
 @danarohrabacher how do we support and spread the word about your states rights marijuana bill
 why my weed flipped over 
 @socialinseattle warned of a possible federal crackdown on marijuana  california elected officials and cannabis industry leaders said friday
 lol trump its a states choice goes after all the states with voter approved legalized marijuana this dude has dementia i swear
 vanitythugs got me wanting bape i sent the weed to a different state
 lt. gov. gavin newsom asks trump for cooperation with california on marijuana regulation 
 @crieghten @squeekyleaks the thing that im so angry about is that they could legalize and tax cannabis
 i really cant deal wit having a guala guala boyfriend  all dey do is drink coronas and smoke hookah
 @potus states can decide to discriminate against groups of people  but legalized marijuana is a federal issue youre a hypocrite
 talk about bucket list son i just smoked a blunt w my brother in la life is crazyyyy
 @fucwitarealone these bill out here bruh cant smoke wit wverybody
 legal weeds popularity could be obstacle for wh crackdown  via @newsyvideos leave it to the states amp not @potus
 is it sad that when someone asks you if you smoke and you say smoke what 
 @missmayim restroom up to state  not like marijuana which is federal even though voters have already decided.
 trump admin refuses to recognize legal marijuana in 8 states  threatens prosecution 
 mission complete  smokers only  longlivechinx  trmg 4kings @ casa blanca restaurant 
 @kellyannepolls please notify @realdonaldtrump silent majority wants legal marijuana polls more than 70tax create jobs legalize 
 would his family get the line of duty benefits i hope so. probably lots of carcinogens in acrid smoke... 
 @foxnews @steph93065 @sheriffclarke silent majority wants legal marijuana more than 70 take care of real criminals 
 @medicalmjnews @habibibernie @leafly silent majority wants legal marijuana tax it create jobs over 70 we wont be ignored
 i just saw a commercial for a prescription drug that helps with constipation caused by opioids  but weed is the big problem
 hypocrite when the wh says transgender rights are states decisions yet wants federal law to trump state marijuana laws
 @realdonaldtrump choicelife issues  sexuality  marijuana r issues you should give to the states theyr ur quagmires avoid them deadly to gop
 @realdonaldtrump i agree with everything you are doing but hope you leave the marijuana issue to the states like you said in campaign.
 @speakerryan @potus @senatemajldr.  you cant jail felons  amp minor marijuana people. give marijuana to the states take it off the fedetal
 okay normaly i dont condone  use of drugs but  a big beliver in alternative meds herbs all natural and while healing up i used cannabiss oil
 president trump the best thing you could do is to take marijuana off the schedule1 drug list. this would benefit yo 
 @realdonaldtrump why do you want to criminalize marijuana
 canadian medical marijuana company to make its own labtest results public via @globeandmail 
 @wakeup2politics @kenvogel  in response to cemetery desecration  kippah asks @vp to propose televised @wh weed out 
 jedisith starwars tattoos @ glass monkey smokeshops amp tattoo studios 
 @jessebwatters @realdonaldtrump silent majority want legal marijuana tax pay debt create jobs over 70 want it in america hear us 
 @realdonaldtrump all you have to do is legalize weed and create jobs with hemp and allow people to smoke when they want and you win forever
 im neck deep in the weeds and this mother fucker asks for yellow limes  what the fuck
 the fact that i always get my weed delivered no matter what haha im so spoiled
 @realdonaldtrump @jeffsessions give us your best shot weed is here to stay. unlike you both  who have very little 
 @realdonaldtrump so states should decide who pees in which bathroom but not whether or not we can legally smoke weed sad
 @omglolwut obama smoked crack and had gay lover. clinton had multiple escapades.  did u complain
 fucccck that sucked... dab smoke in the nose  it burns like cocaine 
 trump is coming for your weed and your guns  trump maga makeamericagreatagain
 rly happy to have my runner back so i dont have leave an oil trail around town and run away from the pathfinder as it smokes out snoho. 
 niggas should just become weed judges
 @myfids @realdonaldtrump nah not jus the weed dont worry
 all you marijuana people who voted trump  bet you wish you hadnt now dontchya... idiots. told ya
 im like 96 sure i just heard a gun shot. welcome to nevada  the state of legal prostitution and weed and crazy niggas with firearms
 @tammywesa actually the cannabis industry is much more than tending to crops. take a look at the economy in the states where it is legal
 video women freed from islamic state burn face veils  smoke cigarettes  via @breitbartnews
 all these niggas do is smoke weed and celebrate failure
 playin with the smoke 
 at least weed wont ever make me upset
 i have 1 rule in my house and that is dont drop the blunt or disrespect the weed
 any body down to smoke a blunt and talk real deep
 if alcohol and tobacco is legal nationwide then it is ridiculous not to legalize marijuana across the country 
 @potus if alcohol and tobacco are legal nationwide then so should marijuana be legal. marijuana is a non lethal dru 
 bill in congress could protect colorados marijuana laws 
 @serg10sandoval @nicoletittiger how she wont smoke w me 
 @realmerrind nope. thats some actual real talk. though  you shouldnt smoke. its so unhealthy.
 @huffingtonpost state rights for everything but marijuana. hey @seanspicer how about cracking down on treason.
 omegas pissed @ me bc hes got cannabis treatable ailments like anger amp teen angst but wont use since hes an overly careful kid soldier.
 my friend to two french women we met this evening the first rule of america is you smoke pot inside and cigarettes outside. 
 @realdonaldtrump you must be incompetent if you cannot see the value marijuana brings to our country  make america great  legalize it bitch
 so states should control their transgender laws but need federal help with marijuana hypocrisy
 .@sueannlevy do they carry medical marijuana
 medical marijuana gets another look from nc legislature 
 medical marijuana gets another look from nc legislature 
 medical marijuana gets another look from nc legislature 
 medical marijuana gets another look from nc legislature 
 cancer patient hoping to change minds on medical marijuana policy 
 @realdonaldtrump please consider legalizing marijuana. its a great medicine. the people need amp economy needs.  medicalmarijuana colorado
 im just bout to smoke and for my slow ass mother
 in 2013 i listened to heart attack in a gazebo in wasaga amp smoked a pack and a half of cigarettes amp now im revisiting it and want a corona
 seeing feds will step up marijuana law enforcement makes me want to puke. gogreen 
 vote yes for medical cannabis in north carolina on house bill 185 and help promote a healthier well being 
 @billblair cannabis use blocks prodisease processes2lower cancerdiabetesalzheimers risks usegood health  
 wow california and cannabis oil. stoned
 i can smoke amp watch criminal minds all day 
 .@hickforco on @meetthepress re marijuana legalization  potential federal crackdown its become the great social experiment of our time.
 just submitted music video for free feature on up in smoke visual mixtape at  co @colorgreenmovie x sxsw
 performing live  suave da lyricist amp smokey da bandit @sbdsdl @ blok club university 
 renewed us crackdown will hurt jobs amp damage the 6 billion marijuana industry  the doj to enforce laws even in states where weed is legal
 use to smoke and drink lean for no god dam reason
 umm...if the president wants to defer to the states on lgbt issues and bathrooms  why do they want federal enforcement of marijuana laws
 should of bought some weed when i had the chance for this road trip 
 @hickforco id love to hear you point out how crazy it is that @realdonaldtrump thinks civil rts are a state issue  while weed is a fed one.
 what age ya kids allowed to smoke pot
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws.  @potus @norml
 i hope weed never gets fully legalized in the us cusse ppl gon ruin the enjoyment of it
 downside of universal health care is watching this 300 lb smoker salt his wings amp fries w gravy knowing his heart attack  cancer is on me
 but she eventually did right thing.trumps working on a plan thats humane amp fair to all illegals involved  and weed 
 bill in congress could protect colorados marijuana laws  via @kdvr
 connecticut state senate legalize recreational use of marijuana in ct  via @change
 connecticut state senate legalize recreational use of marijuana in ct  via @change
 @karatechrisp not fond of the facial hair on a certain driver ugh i wish jeff and smoke were still here instead
 the whole issue of cannabis is overblown and state and federal levels are in opposition theres a public interest a 
 city council sent some anticannabis propaganda in the mail so i think ill compost it to make fertilizer for some cannabis hah
 lets get everyone who lost their jobs in the auto industry and give them jobs in the marijuana industry.
 @vxicorp noise cancellation on the 450xt is so good the caller cant hear the engine on a reefertrailer when im beside itthey arent quite
 please keep campaign pledge.  respect state marijuana legalization laws.  please retweet signshare marijuanavoters
 @realdonaldtrump campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws.   marijuanavoters  electoral votes 
 when both your plugs out of town  where da weed at
 me im about to have an anxiety attack   me to me drink more coffee. smoke more weed. destroy yourself. 
 @isamuuran1316 ice cream sea weed @kimmiosborne @ronr55128000 @awaketoday @terrancecreamer @johnwusmc @usmarine67
 but the government will step up enforcing fed law in legal marijuana states. cunts bloodonyourhands 
 more blunts and more weed please 
 where da gelato @ im tryn smoke good exo
 @realdonaldtrump marijuana laws should be states rights not the federal government. cannabis oil heals children with seizures in 5 days
 as if i dont hate the trump administration enough  now those mother fuckers want to mess with my medical marijuana no 
 monsanto even recommends farmers mix atrazine with roundup to control glyphosateresistant weeds 
 @realdonaldtrump  look at louisiana and a stupid drunk driver and you hate marijuana youre a damn idiot. drinking kills millions
 @iberindy haha no that mah gpa and i dont drink or smoke pot
 i am working on becoming a rastaman  weed smoker like marley. i hate religion amp congregation. islam amp christianity r the terrorists teachers
 one solution i have found to leaning too hard on cocoapods is having a mac so ancient smoke comes out all the ports when you run pod install
 @derwood2783 @princessmuffin6 @potus legalised cannibalsoh cannabis never mind.
 colorado governor john hickenlooper d talks marijuana regulations and the trump administration on nbcs meet the 
 the weed thing.
 you will always be my forever ily hessmokingjustlikethemtns @ smokey mountains 
 @realjameswoods @realdonaldtrump @potus we want marijuana legal silentmajority tax it pay debt create jobs 
 @realdonaldtrump @potus please take time to consider silent majority over 70want legal marijuana tax it create jobs
 what happened to states rights  we achieved recreational marijuana through fair democratic vote.  dont tread on me @realdonaldtrump
 hey trump stop fucking up the weed law
 just submitted music video for free feature on up in smoke visual mixtape at  co @colorgreenmovie x sxsw
 @realdonaldtrump needs to legalize marijuana in new york already 
 @anildash thats a smoke screen. the same folks would never accept that argument against any nonclass identity goal.
 interesting fact starvation tends to weed out the marginal parts of the population 
 im for sure going to die of secondhand smoke inhalation
 rlly all i do i smoke weed and mind my own business so dont come @ me with ur bullshit
 where there is smoke theres fire. @realdonaldtrump be forthcoming  u may need to b open 2 resigning. 
 ready to smoke this jernt...
 @realdonaldtrump hey mr. presidnt  how about you create jobs and stimulate the economy by legalizing weed on a national level. you jabroni
 @jeeellyy come smoke a blunt at the tattoo shooopp
 @realdonaldtrump  please legallise marijuana and stop the drug war.
 what in marijuana legalization 
 what in marijuana legalization 
 @handsomejake or just acknowledge that theres a  that wants to do harm to america and perhaps these allies would help weed them out
 dear christians   please take @markherron2 as an example of why you shouldnt smoke the pages of your bible.  thanks   an atheist
 medical marijuana will stay  legal recreational marijuana still being discussed. issue not a priority at this time.  
 just grab your heart  smoke your heart like weed  then blow your heart away into nothing
 @potus should be embracing the cannabis industry to create jobs instead of trying to override states decisions
 what are hemp hearts @ohsheglows
 stress... anxiety... stress... anxiety... smoke... stress... anxiety....
 @jockowillink your podcast with bill reeder is phenomenal. not many authors get a chance to get that far into the weeds in interviews. bravo
 will 2017 be the year of the institutional investor in the cannabis industry  via @marijuanatimesx
 will 2017 be the year of the institutional investor in the cannabis industry  via @marijuanatimesx
 his grandpa warned him about the many dangers of doing the weed of pot.
 @ericowensdc @dailycaller many rep. support medical marijuana not legalized. i believe t supports medical as states rights issue.
 i smoke like a gun when a killer sees his enemy
 @mllemasterml @edhooley @defendingtheusa @potus  yobama did that because of the birther issue. where theres smoke  theres fire.
 howtowindemup tell them theres no weed in town. period.
 @jackp im with jack. medical weed should be legal in all 50 states. than from there everyone can buy it and smoke it hightimes
 @realdonaldtrump @potus instead of cracking down on federal marijuana bans  could you override californias moronic gun laws instead pls
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 new england blows ass pretty bad but at least the food and weed is pretty good.
 nah   depending on how much they smoked 
 smoke weed and eat ice cream
 where da weed at
 backwards and fronts i smoke js u like blunts picture me rollin a 22nd century stunt my belly full i continue to hunt hiphopbarz
 need me ah lul joint i can smoke wit an cool it wit
 in honor of legalization in california  kimmel should have dropped bags of marijuana. that would have made a statement oscars
 so maybe im a masochist i try to run but i dont want to ever leave til the walls are goin up in smoke with all our memories rihanna
 smoke my weed  stack my money amp mind my business
 states gird for marijuana war with jeff sessions   via @huffpostpol
 im not funny but i smoke a lot
 @1cherokee what would be your interest level in playing a native american in a cannabis inspired musical
 like  for me i like to smoke  turn on the finding nemo soundtrack  and stare at my betta fish.
 @gmccray spicer is an idiot even comparing the 2. marijuana is a natural growing herb. opioids are manufactured. only 1 should b controlled
 this my favorite time to smoke blunts  my mind me racing at night...
 this my favorite time to smoke blunts  my mind be racing at night...
 need weed to keep the demons inside dormant.
 my dad just said i should smoke weed rather than take a prescription for anxiety lol
 what in marijuana legalization 
 mind you i am tryna smoke  not with you though
 or ex if they smoke weed 
 im 20 years old for fucks sake. i shouldnt need pills  actual medical marijuana  or anything to function properly
 i gotta shooter name smokey i told him hit everything on da list n my nigga dats craig freeog @smoove12 
 im at town of north hempstead in ny 
 @realdonaldtrump actually djt caps  a smoke screen  and obvious anger this is what he decided was the most important thing to say today.
 your tip sheet medical marijuana  casinos  guns on campus  oh my 
 they the hardest rello to roll tho  amp smoke da best  
 wanna fix this legalize recreational and medical cannabis. just look at the stats in colorado.opioid use and od ra 
 having a low tolerance for herb is great because i spend so little money on weed. i barely ever even use up the monthly budget allocation.
 @potus @realdonaldtrump maybe you need to smoke some  it may help  you can ask your crazy dr. yourefired 
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. replace opiates. tax revenues and new industry jobs @potus
 @rockfordcommun2 @julesaf0 @trumpregrets @realdonaldtrump youre a bigot towards weed
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. replace opiates. tax revenues and new industry jobs @potus
 good job to pt this out .@billyblueeye .@realdonaldtrump is all about divide amp conquer amp smoke 
 smoke my weed amp mind my business
 @1a why does current admin say trans rights are states rights but sessions views marijuana laws as federal cant have it both ways
 a good girlfriend will pack you weed amp snacks for your business trip
 mr. presidentproudofyourwork so far. please review your other option state choice with recreational marijuana
 @scavino45 @whitehouse @potus @realdonaldtrump  make weed legal at the federal level so much need taxes flow to states
 my hoodie smells like big weed
 @cnnnewsroom @cnn @reptomgarrett they need to close the loopholes and legalize weed so tax money flows to states
 @katiepavlich yet he is trampling states rights as it relates to marijuana..so which is it
 legalize marijuana at the federal level and states would make it legal tax it a little and then cut the taxes trump
 really i dont see a big deal about smoking weed but hey the law is the law so during offseason just say no
 1.  i asked that all veterans be taken care of. give them cannabis is needed.  2.  legalize cannabis  let us grow  
 @realdonaldtrump if you give states their power back will you fix the federal marijuana laws so there is not a conflict between state amp fed
 smfh if you voted for @potus thinking  he was going to legalize cannabis. fuckinidiots
 @julieweed what about medical research would you like to be the first to write about our asthma research amp findings related to cannabis
 no need to get into any potential mj benefits  every word written about marijuana risk could be instead used to attack beerliquor industry.
 .justice department headed by a fervent prohibitionist  attorney general jeff sessions vs  8 states which voters have legalized marijuana.
 haha and smoke a bowl 
 you would think this should be enough to get marijuana off the schedule 1 list 
 legal marijuana is one of the fastest growing industries in the united states. zeons instore marketing products l 
 all you do is smoke tobacco
 check out a @cnetsmarthome feature on our smart smoke detectors for vacant properties. smartcity 
 @oldmanlinehan i am for the legalization of marijuana but the fact is that it isnt legal right now and i am not for athlete privilege
 @realdonaldtrump   decriminalize marijuana. legalize medical. the american people have spoken.
 excited to discover the smoke amp gamble cab merlot by @friskybeaver1  one of a handful @norfolktour wineries putting the area on the map
 i only smoke spliffs  sorry.
 is anyone planning on going to the game against hempfield at warwick via the student bus 
 teacher what are some things you guys do to help yourselves cope w stress student smoke  teacher like cigarettes student nah b  weed
 young t.  weed roller music video ll dir. bub da sop httpst.covyqbgzm6dx 
 research inquiry 1 legalization of marijuana and its effects on canadian society
 you smoke weed cool. have the budget for it great.   you smoke cigarettes thats a fucking deal breaker. get away from me. now.
 the fact that moniques mom hooked us up with a weed plug in aruba .. love her 
 googles wikihow smoke weed police are already on my doorstep guns drawn
 actually  she is harming her baby because inhaling smoke of any kind is harmful.. i wont blame the weed  but that 
 see ladies dis da hoe shit im talkin bout. bruh gotta go make 2 twitters for smoke you 12 which one da real you 
 breaking @healthyfla issues health advisory due to smoke from fires in @cityofpbg  
 this shouldnt come as a surprise. they are the global leader in cannabis research. big things happening in  that 
 awl man they smoking weed in the tattoo shop
 u shouldnt drink anything at all while pregnant. now weed wont hurt the baby but the rillo will. but u should jus 
 there are 2 things texas does better than any other state smokes brisket and freedom. texasweek liberty 
 benefits of marijuana for healing your mind of anxiety  shaman techniques for using marijuana  via @youtube
 @freshempire is hemp rolling papers considered a tobacco product 
 @aubieiicious also  alex jones smokes weed during the podcast
 ur wcw gets panic attacks when she smokes lol
 if wisconsin could legalize medical marijuana that would be amazing because taking 10 pills every time i have a migraine is ridiculous
 dont wont to smoke  by myself
 anyone care to smoke up right now
 @realdonaldtrump @exxonmobil smoke and mirrors.  sad
 we did a fun podcast with doc rob on cannabis radio about bluebird and recent developments in the hemp industry. 
 when i dont get invited to smoke weed 
 vote yes on prop m   put marijuana back in californias hands  @ new age care center 
 @senschumer law enforcement asked public wants herb smokers on the jobabsolutely yes rather than gopdeahypocritical severe alcohol abuse
 @exxonmobil does exxon consider hemp
 @potus antiobama tweets may be a smokescreen because he is worried about being tapped at trump tower. nervousness makes u want to find out
 imatthatage where youd like to see if cannabis can help improve your quality of life if so  we can help. 
 imatthatage when youd like to see if cannabis can help improve your quality of life if so  we can help. 
 repost @toutantbuffalo  new small plate feature this evening  smoked tmeadow jowl bacon  
 i smoke spliffs with satan
 wildfire smoke flowing into my town. town of ashland 30 miles west of here was just evacuated. kakenews 
 @jmals24 im confident @gsrvoice will give you the vip treatment. try smoke on the water for lunchdinner while youre there
 sending pictures of smokey the bear to invite people to smoke will forever be my favorite thing 
 theres a woman at this bus stop smoking weed out of a crushed red bull can and it smells dank
 i stopped smoking but eveytime i turn around my uncle asks me to smoke amp of course i take it 
 @nickfolio nigga for real  did you really just do that because i wont give you free weed 
 survey suggests legal cannabis industry could take 7.1 of beer industry revenues 
 my mom smokes cigs in the house but wont let me smoke pot smh
 matter fact til a nigga die smoke kush blunts til a nigga cry
 mail order weedies
 @callmekits idk im pretty open minded. theres not a lot to do recreationally.. prob why everyone smokesdrugsbabychurch
 @michaelberrysho i agree one hundred percent that marijuana should be legal for adults. im a christian and i dont smoke anything.
 jass said let me borrow some weed
 @pitys you are an idiot and a danger to the usa. king of smoke and mirrors americanpsycho liarinchief 
 i wont roll your weed though 
 @abcpolitics because he doesnt have any.  its another smokemirrors routine that roy cohen taught @realdonaldtrump
 israel legalized weed.  do the same for us @potus
 @ezraklein weeds emergency podcast
 today i gave someone my business card and they said they would roll it up to smoke a blunt... well at least its going to use
 lean and smoke and talking about stupid boys
 i cuddled with a mop bc i love marijuana. 
 they need to make weed legal in louisiana .
 we on lean on liquor on reefer on molly on xan right now does he want to die lmfaooo
 keep your campaign pledge to respect state marijuana legalization laws. 
 imatthatage where i still call marijuana pot instead of weed.
 pregnant women turn to marijuana despite medical advice   fetalmarijuanadotcom 
 i dont beg fren nah  weed is my bestfriend 
 college is when you are surrounded by ppl that legitimately believe prostitution should be legalized and who compare it to marijuana
 this lady on intervention said am i a crackhead no. im a smoker.
 @digitallydownld whats wrong with deviant sexual activity and weed pretty sure those two things go great together
 canadian medical marijuana producer backs making testing data public   cannabis pharmamktg labtech qualitycontrol
 @theroot this is a smoke screenwe pay attention to moronic statements while dangerous bills are being passed.
 @realdonaldtrump funny how you say that  yet aim to shut down american marijuana in favor of cartel pot.
 when u accidentally send your mom a picture of weed instead of a picture of your ring 
 this poor young boy injected one singular marijuana  and ended up like this. please share to raise awareness so thi 
 this mfa smoke to much 
 im very successful all while smoking weed and hating myself 
 @cnni it may not be a crime to smoke it anymore  but its use will increase crime no doubt
 sip smoke any persons
 we are still here testifying for our right for home grown cannabis colorado house bill 
 we are still here testifying for our right for home grown cannabis colorado house bill 
 funny how weed is a s1 drug but when i drink caffeine i shake my heart beats really fast and i cant sleep
 bill presented to allow public marijuana use in nevada | las vegas reviewjournal  via @reviewjournal
 funny how weed is a drug but when i drink caffeine my heart beats so fast i think im dying of a heart attack
 funny how weed is a drug but when i drink caffeine my heart beats so fast i think im having a heartattack 
 and this is where depression comes through and makes me smoke 6 blunts
 @jacindahopelee @johnbarentine they also smoke more and drink fizzy water. except for canada  they are pretty simil 
 sex and weed is always on my mind
 gophealthplanin10words time to weed out the sick  poor  disabled and elderly
 @outtapocketaf @zackeryfrank89 @soulsicc pretty sure they open at 11 so smoke and eat until you throw up
 @viktornikiforof also not to be that guy but if youre having throat troubles  vape  dont smoke
 @thtchickava lay off the weedz 
 public hearing planned on marijuana legalization bill  via @fox61news
 aint no nigga huffing on a marlboro gon tell me you shouldnt smoke haha
 @bryceygray i have a coworker that calls in and i know she parties and smokes hella weed haha.
 drove to phillipsburg just to smoke a blunt and talk to my right hand   my brother   @ 
 a midnight smoke stop in klamath falls  oregon...now i can   waist deep snow in the cascades  
 its the funny weed time
 @exxonmobil  us industrial hemp would provide a clean burning energy source amp millions of jobs  jeff davis  staff 
 @realdonaldtrump @cnnbrk where there is smoke 
 @news9 storm tracker marty logan is tracking wildfires in nw ok. check out the layers of smoke in his shot right he 
 poor sun totally hidden by wildfire smoke.  makes me appreciate 
 legalize marijuana for true competition in the drug industry. 
 if we talking about cheaper weed then make america great again 
 good laws that are implemented are integral to public health. no doubt about it smokefree laws cut heart attacks 
 dank stank weed on this bus
 survey finds increase in number of pregnant women using marijuana 
 survey finds increase in number of pregnant women using marijuana 
 smelling amp seeing all of this smoke is so sad. if we all as a collective whole went out ampfought this fire  we could help contain it. united
 dear governor  please if washington takes our health care you must have health care for us in colorado. use the marijuana money for it.
 @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends screw @potus more smoke and mirrors by this bill. boost economy screw the people on healthcare govt controls
 i was always a little jealous of sen. henrys intern getting to wheel him down to the parking garage to smoke a few 
 @adlnational prayers and solidarity sent. not our america and we will weed this evil out.
 @varneyco if i choose not2 hv ins but 2yrs down the line decide to purchase govt will penalize me. thats govt control @potus smoke mirrors
 alcohol and marijuana can be damaging to the underdeveloped brain easily. hormones arent damaging at all. @jackyholyoake
 i dont. hes another pawn in a game of smoke and mirrors. a real advocate is not americas grammy winning sweethea 
 what is the future of recreational marijuana in trumps america   legalizemarijuananow
 @potus amp congress will give you healthcare as long as you follow their rules   instead of subsidy give tax credit smoke n mirrors lies
 you brag bout having guns  tattoos  and bags of weed. did u also mention u still a fuckboy
 me nah beg people splif we have me own ganja
 sheriff wildfire kills one in hemphill county   
 my bosss mom wants advice on marijuana excuseme
 state treasurer seeks clarity from trump administration on marijuana 
 fix americas opioid addiction and leave legalized marijuana alone. 
 fight 9 types of cancer using cannabis  via @naturalnews blogs
 speaker @richardcorcoran reminds us to be afraid of being afraid. we say dont create cannabis laws from s place of fear. intentionsmatter
 @realdonaldtrump i think medical marijuana should be on the list to create jobs and lower prices for poor people it is natural and works
 @potus gtgtgtgtgt i believe the answer is right in front of you. legalized marijuana. hear me out. look at the taxes raised in wa. amp co. bigcash
 talking bout baby i can just mail the weed to the hotel 
 what is the future of recreational marijuana in trumps america  420
 @chandlergolden 1. why would you steal dirt weed  that doesnt make sense
 @chandlergolden 2. pretty sure it wasnt diet weed but what do i know right
 should az make industrial hemp industry legal in the state 
 @annyillate smoke wit cha boy
 good afternoon followers were having finding nemo and finding dory marathons  come smoke and lets hangout grab some coffee too
 industrial hemp would provide a clean energy source and create millions of jobs  jeff davis  staff sgt usaf vet 27 
  im cooling son tryna discover some weed. what you on 
 im going to smoke weed and ignore myself.
 prayers would be appreciated. my dad is in jail for selling weed. no he shouldnt have been but hes still a great dad and gpa. prayers...
 museum smokes out facts from fire of 1902 
 @alcoc628 i want boarders i dont want draconian enforcement of law. u claim illegaldeport how do u weed out good 
 @seanspicer @potus pharmaceutical competition would drive down the cost of meds a good example would be  medical marijuana legalizeit
 @thejuanwilliams @potus @thejusticedept smoke and mirrors is all you offer. there are no ties. ur buddies have all the info and know it
 ah the smell of weed on a sunny tuesday afternoon in pasadena...hope theyve already voted.
 we are lobbying to legalize cocaine and weed in my public administration class class
 the native americans also used smoke signals to send nudes.
 rainy day so its weed  budget reports and good meals wit ya queen. 
 @whitehouse we need to legalize marijuana for medicinally purpose for the entire united states.
 @courtneyholewa nah the weed just has me like 
 azzara says of items such as medical marijuana there are a couple of issues like this that are influx everyday.
 bout to put on make up to smoke weed and take some pictures of myself. 
 i just smoke my weed ampamp mind my business 
 wheres the correlation   rt @sllicke how you da weed man but wont wife a stripper
 my weeds gone and i can feel the anxiety demons running its course. idek what the fuck
 one way to get stoners to vote today  remind them marijuana laws are on the line nastyniecie standup comedy
 @kasg973 whole cd is gun smoke 
 medical marijuana advisory committee mar  apr amp may meeting notice gtgtgt  ltltlt helpusgrow cannabis medicalmarijuana
 ill put weed in my ass right now
 phillip morristax more 2 persuade smokers 2use ecigarettes r ecigs safer  or cancer causin2 via @telegraph 
 @msnbc it benefits the wealthy and insured it hurts the poor  sick and women  americans are not going to fall for your smoke and mirrors
 regrann from @jazzungang    @rocmarci no smoke sneak preview ft  @pirateknowledge amp @e2wink13 
 dont make me smoke this whole this bag til its emptied out
 im all for legalizing weed  but v against idea of govt profiting from selling when theyve been incarcerating dea 
 drifting is the permanent condition of this disappointing relationship the weeds of stagnation our insidious bouque 
 @realdonaldtrump legalize weed everywhere in america and maybe ill like you
 legalizing weed is actually a pretty tough topic to debate
 even though weed is legal in certain states.. its still illegal federally.
 how about you work on a new system where the drug industry doesnt hold your balls in legalizing cannabis.. 
 maybe legalize weed that brings each state over 20 million a year  
 if youre currently a weed man customer and you dont have your customer portal setup  we highly 
 everyone on the beach look at the sunset  weather enthusiast check out the smoke from the wildfire in southw 
 marketing  but with weed
 @thedisableddiva how r u able2 go out of state being on medical marijuana.i thought u werent allowed 2leave the state  does it really help
 stigmabase | am   the high cost of medical marijuana  buying medical marijuana is a strictly cash business. and 
 stigmabase | am   the high cost of medical marijuana  buying medical marijuana is a strictly cash business. and 
 stigmabase | am   the high cost of medical marijuana  buying medical marijuana is a strictly cash business. and 
 view of the sunset with a smoke filled sky  kansasfires purplecity @ manhattan  kansas 
 i use to smoke so i cant judge smokers at all
 big guns like they on a deck of navy ship  you leave ya crib im smoking weed wit ya babysit  hit raw then wipe my nut on the baby bib
 big guns like they on a deck of navy ship  you leave ya crib im smoking weed wit ya babysit  hit her raw then wipe my nut on the baby bib
 bestlifehacks  in a pinch  you can smoke pot out of basically anything  
 shiittt all the weed guys on the corner be thinking im a narc bc of my csi hoodie 
 sb17 engross relative to treatment for hepatitis c under the law relative to use of cannabis for therapeutic pu... 
 im actually fucking up this greek yogurt and hemp hearts
 hb 1236 would use funds from legal marijuana  for the following 
 1000s of maryland residents have criminal records from marijuana. this is why this bill  focuses on rentry.
 patients of medical program  will benefit   from lower prices if marijuana is legalized
 exs are so wack they definitely make me wanna smoke crack 
 i promised i stopped hittin him up after he had me hittin some bullshit ass weed 
 i promise i stopped hittin him up after he had me hittin some bullshit ass weed 
 individuals will continue to produce  sell  and consume cannabis. legalization allows workers to be in a legal industry.
 but weed is legal in california i thought  
 1.8 mill ma marijuana voters predict prohibitionists wont hold office in 2030 but will need medicinals 
 ion smoke but this gif hella funny  
 so even though weed is legal in some states  the employer in that state can still drug test for it weeeak
 too bad it doesnt have weed in it it would have been way funny. but the flowers suffice 
 blue hawaiian. favorite type of weed  thisisus
 gotta follow my number one babeeeee and her medical marijuana business deedeesmedicatedtreats . 
  let me smoke my shit amp you mind yo fcking business
 @potus @realdonaldtrump @vp @whitehouse @wolfblitzer @ananavarro just another smoke screen cover ban. 6 ctys not saudi arabia 3 000 killed.
 things i wont clap for where you are from  your propensity for weed  the fact that you had sex recently.
 i dont smoke weed to be cool i smoke because im always tense and my mind  is always racing amp weed helps me relax and helps my mind rest 
 baby you just got to hold my pistol and my weed
 man i hope lady hogs softball isnt a lady hogs basketball smoke and mirrors thing. have to keep grinding for conference. wps
 cases of coronas  clouds of marijuana.
 smoke my weed and mind my business 
 lets smoke out da planetarium @andreagxo 
 how can you make drug policy if youve neva smoked da chronic
 i voted yes on m when can i buy weed at target
 have you ever had the marijuana ice cream 
 sheon smoke but everytime she wit me she be fadedddd
 federal government refuses to accept weed as medicine  also federal government wont conduct clinical trials on weed bc its illegal 
 i smoke my trees and mind my own business.
 kaison wont let me smoke  
 my mom amp the topic of weed ltltltltlt
 @itscoralyay lol ill smoke with yultron though haha
 we got sean spicer going on and on about states rights  then says announces crackdowns on states w legalized recreational marijuana
 we got sean spicer going on and on about states rights  then announces crackdowns on states w legalized recreational marijuana
 research show weed doesnt damage your brain but kills brain cancer instead 
 dont buy any smoking product that you have to watch a video in order to smoke it. after purchasing it.
 gonna need a gas mask on this @trimet bus. weed may be legal but i dont need a contact high.   not highsick allergictoweed
 any stoners up lets talk weed
 @seanhannity smoke still mandatory. no mandate on scheduled feature cost. no support for small business under 25 employees.
 hell naw mid smoker 
 roll up the weed just please dont leave me 
 people who want weed legalized r stupid because you still wont qualify for employment and the govt will gets paid for you to be a legal bum
 hey would it be alright if i smoked in the house 
 before i die i gotta smoke a big boi joint with you @wizkhalifa 
 westborough has voted 1 192 to 294 to ban recreational marijuana stores  farms  or businesses. via @metrowestdaily
 ltshockstergt did you hear about that woman that smoked dope in the streets of baghdad she was so stoned.
 looks like a beautiful sunset but the dark cloud is smoke from a 6000 acre wildfire by east 
 picture of a weedy sea dragon 
 @mycorreale @pandsquotes @sebastiancomedy  you even hired a guy to smoke a cigarette for ya episode 251
 i dont care how pretty a woman looks  if she smokes then thats a major turn off 
 @93xrt smoke on the water hey you smoking gun
 its 2017 and people still use weed as a deal breaker in relationships  lolol 
 your wcw smokeing dick 
 you may be able to smoke pot in public in nevada. details  photo sean gallupgetty images 
 im just going to leave this right here ampwait for the smoke to clear from the universal mind explosion thats about 
 @speakerryan @secpricemd @repkevinbrady @repgregwalden @housecommerce @wotal smokeampmirrorsrepeal amp no replacementgtplanhad 8 yrs amp no plan
 hood mornin....... wcw weed crush wednesday. loving this pen from californiahoneyvapes hittin 
 hillsborough commissioners approve guidelines for medical marijuana businesses  via @tbtimes
 be da one last one standing after all da smoke clears
 theres something wrong w my podcast app. the breaking news issues of @politicopulse amp @sarahkliff  @voxdotcom the weeds arent showing up.
 started internationalwomensday by breaking my smoke detector. had to get a man to come fix it for me. idk if im doing this right.
 because that is such a widespread problem...with cmss estate recovery law  and all.  i smell a smokescreen 
 either you legalize marijuana today  or the women will legalize it via referendum tomorrow and make you look like pussies. your choice.
 pennsylvania official wants to close the budget gap by legalizing marijuana. 
 no smoke and mirrors....it had better.  this has to be done right  and right this time. 
 so people of america   when you see  kim trails in the sky  it is a smoke line  shooting out from a small plane  flu shot  d n  d it
 where da weed at
 @urbancsik23 uhhh im pretty sure wed clear cap if were gonna sign someone like we always do. plus its all smoke and mirrors. leverage
 stop teaching your children weed is bad. then drink a 12 pack in front of them..
 @viceland can we smoke in the bus tho 
 welcome tobacco depot with 12 stores in florida also part of our smokerfriendlyinternational 
 my ex didnt even smoke so she would just watch me smoke and it would be lovely.
 house leadership lays over crucial rescheduling bill rather than debate medical cannabis. with 64 votes  what are they afraid of facts
 only be wit one nigga and he really wit dat smoke  
 everytime someone try to argue with me they always focus on the fact that i smoke weed stgg
 not the stuff that gets you high hempcrete  clothing amp other textiles  food products  biofuel  lets do this  wes 
 priorities vote to protect companies from responsibility for a known carcinogen  but cant pass medical marijuana 
 @thefakeshenry and weed is pretty tight also
 vegan or just being heart healthy  this nondairynongmo smoked gouda by follow your heart is delicious  
 and the cannabist is pretty psyched to have ya. allthingsweed 
 can you mail weed  @katenapolitano
 @speakerryan we see through your smoke and mirrors. resist 
 @ganjagod91 facts so i can smoke all ya dirt ass weed
 for anyone just starting to use medical marijuana. medicating 101 part 1 understanding the 
 the haze that youre seeing out there is smoke from wildfires in the texaspanhandle @nwselpaso 
 when the smoke clears. when the pills dont work. when every religions prayers float up into the sky.  i still have this. until i die.
 what is the future of recreational marijuana in trumps america 
 the cannabis industry cashbased and bulk cannabis products make an ideal target for thieves. protect your goods 
 how about the fact that the declaration of independence is drafted  on hemp paper hemp
 how is a good time in my life where i could really talk to my daddy. i wonder if that nigga smoke.
 used to smoke with you and laugh with you  but now my heart corrupted.
 @rubyselixir can i smoke my own sticks there. i would enjoy an adult beverage or two.
 flight attendant said  for those of you who wish to smoke... please quit. 
 campus security started hating me after they found out im a pipe tobacco smoker
 cannibis marijuana current legal issue  im presenting on drug impaired driving tomorrow with @irplawyer. should 
 i smoke a spliff in the street thats jaywalking  @whyl
 @joerogan the nfl is so against cannabis because the alcohol industry spends a ton of advertising  with them and big alcohol is against pot
 @ryansatin @peteroriordan1 at least youll probably discover a new weed strain in there
 my mom said i hope they are smoking weed tomorrow at the luke bryan concert 
 hey you smoke me 
 the obama wiretap crap is smoke from @potus. the real issue is to hammer away at the russian connection and prove it its a way to deflect
 pothead empress is an oxymoron since no woman who worships weed can be an empress
 legislature passed the medical marijuana research bill today. 
 @realdonaldtrump how 2 pay for new roads bridges an the wall. with all the marijuana taken from the cartels.  make merijan legal an sell. it
 really boutta smoke this spliff amp forget everyone for a while
 this dbag decided to smoke in the patio area of a restaurant annoying everyone. 
 should weed be legalized
 playin with my money is like playin with my emotions smokey 
 great job la supporting cannabis next up allow people to grow hemp everywhere to improve your health it purifies the air and enrich soil
 crush smoke shop wont let me in the building even though i was literally there yesterday talking to the same bitch that wont let me in wtf
 i need a girl thats gone roll my weed wit her titties out.. every trip
 @realdonaldtrump @randpaul dont replace it with bs government smoke and mirrors. thats why we support u. do the right thing
 unless investing in nonrecreational amp nonus marijuana stocks  it is best to stand on the sidelines until there is clarity from the usag
 open invite to smoke weed w me
 @potus if marijuana is still a federal crime talk to ur ag an see about enforcing the federal law in the states with marijuana sales
 and all im taking with me are the pieces of my heart and all ill leave are smoke rings in the dark
 me and fin were juggin weed around with the shooter
 what are all these south american drug smugglers doing bringing all this weed to white america @vanjones68
 it might be the weed talking  but that is funny as hell  
 speaker ryan  trying to pull a fast one. on the american people. @potus my be blindsided by smoke and mirrors... 
 speaker ryan  trying to pull a fast one  on the american people. @potus may be blindsided by smoke and mirrors... 
 catch me on the streets wit weed an loud beats
 the only thing on my mind is ganja but what to get 
 this wack ass hoe gone leave this screaming ass baby in here while she smoke a square.
 north carolinas great  but i miss dicks  taco time  the city  and the smell of marijuana on every corner. 
 @thacoke legalize coke hell no legalize marijuana  mushroom  and lsd hell yeah
 @loudobbs @potus @yahoonews the only smoke is what theyre smoking in order to make this crap up
 @watsonnathan is that why youre hating on weed now
 omg i wonder if  means the weed leaf  like does @drebae smoke da pots i just see him smokin da pots and chill and go 2 work
 illinois proposed a bill where 18 year olds can drink legally.but yet  marijuana is still illegal please some1 explain how that makes sense
 stranded in a hotel room  nothing to do but smoke blunts
 @foeus @washingtonpost did you know that there is more prescription opiate users then there is smokers anymore in the united states.
 i want to smoke a blunt and be cuddled. 
 charlie daniels said you shouldnt smoke that dope.but damn it i cant help i love rolling stoned.
 bout to smoke my blunt and mind my business 
 @plymouthdawg may i suggest a strong cannabis indica let sweet mother nature induce sleep...
 nah i only smoke woods
 legalization of marijuana. gun control. immigration. abortion. pros and cons of the wall. etc. etc. 
 women in north carolina or not equal in the cannabis business  please help with house bill 185 
 we here in north carolina cannot harness the power of medicinal cannabis without the passing of house bill 185 
 north carolina needs help in passing house bill 185 to obtain medical cannabis  calling all celebrities to help 
 favorite episode of your favorite tv show a 69way tie including lady lazarus  the one where you cant smoke in 
 the weed business just the cash flow to fund the other moves....we just getting ready
 medical cannabis is making radio waves with @98rock and @safeaccess 
 were seeing visibility issues on fort christmas rd. deputies have shutdown part of the road due to smoke from brus 
 including marijuana haha @ burbank bob hope airport bur 
 @potus @realdonaldtrump @reince @stevekbannon @secpricemd 60 votes impossible so phase 3 smoke n mirrors please advise
 daily brief lepage slams rinocare and marijuana grows vs. publicaccess laws.  mepolitics via @bangordailynews
 @mikeshepherdme @bangordailynews i got invited as a candidate to do a marijuana tour but didnt make it  what a silly law. mepolitics
 baby the weed lit  lemme take you on this trip.
 why errybody in d.c. smoke jacks moe
 when my mom asks me if i smoke 
 my smokes highly exclusive
 hey  @voxdotcom  i loved your weeds episode about the trump admin health care bill. cant wait to hear what you all do next
 relax and take notes  while i take totes of this marijuana smoke throw you in the choke  gun smoke    gun smoke. 
 relax and take notes  while i take totes of this marijuana smoke throw you in a choke  gun smoke    gun smoke. 
 relax and take notes  while i take totes of this marijuana smoke.  throw you in the choke  gun smoke  gun smoke. 
 relax and take notes  while i take totes of this marijuana smoke throw you in a choke  gun smoke    gun smoke. 
 @nmoneyitrust facts thats the best part  good weather amp good weed
 please  your constituents implore you  pass h.r. 1227  ending federal marijuana prohibition act of 2017. @housegop @speakerryan
 pretty sure im still stoned from that wax infused spliff i smoked last night... 
 @speakerryan @secpricemd @repkevinbrady @repgregwalden @housecommerce @waysandmeansgop objective of tax return on postcard up in smoke
 jeff sessions wants to use rico laws to attack legal cannabis retailers  this is definitely a great idea
 @marykbruce @abcpolitics @speakerryan smoke and mirrors.
 smokin weed wit kye
 @speakerryan what of costly prescription drugs for high rate of them.2 alternative medicine like cannabis oil which kill cancer cells
 my meauli neighbors just invited me to come smoke with them ...straaaaaaaight lmfao
 i suffered from childhood anxiety  i would feel like my mind would go super fast while my body and time moved slow  weed cured me  try it.
 goes to upload a picture of myself  but than i realized i only take pictures of weed..
 alex jones jesse  this marijuana getting too potent is a big issue  how do we fix it takes a big gulp of whiskey
 all i do is mind my own business and smoke a little weed
 its the ones that smoke blunts witcha  see your picture   now they want to  grab they guns 
 @vancitybuzz you oppress cannabis businesses that employ thousands of people  fill vacant retail space. you dont care about housing or jobs
 repost @missionvolant  dan.dupuis captured this sick shot of me flying smoke in the mission 
 only you can help luthercollege students and stop wildfires  smokey luthergives17  
 scientists complain that the marijuana they get from the us government for medical research is 
 i hate when i dont have anyone to facetime while i smoke haha
 another year of medical marijuana 
 i agree with what the article had to say   a hand holding a marijuana leaf also known as weed  pot  bud  grass  herb  mary jane  mj  reef
 once marijuana is legalized everywhere they will ruin it too
 bc the marijuana industry would take too much money away from the big headed bastards. like prescriptions  oil  and 
 why is government of canada stalling on medical marijuana is it cause law enforcement takes money and weed then tries and keep it
 legalizing medical cannabis in all 50 states will help small businesses with equal opportunity in safe access help 
 oregon state govt is doing all it can  and governor brown has committed to protecting marijuana laws from encroachm 
 im the type you call when ya wanna smoke a fatty
 i would have had to knock her out ... ian lying   then grab my weed out the towel and blow dry it 
 she vaping da weed
 hello what do you need  q da fool tryna make a mil off of weed 
 i cant take pictures of weed on my phone..it just doesnt do the herb justice like my macro lenses.
 the idiots always talk smaller government. let states decide. unless its abortion or marijuana laws. they need to 
 study marijuana increases risk of stroke  heart failure  
 nice to see a journalist take up the cause for smokey. god knows @heywillienj  and @godwinkelly wont 
 jeff sessions says he will enforce federal law in an appropriate way  and the marijuana industry is rattled 
 i make a ritual of smoking weed  call my guy then ill buy my wraps  incense and some juice and order a pizza.
 nederland marijuana business ordered to stop peddling investments in medical  recreational pot businesses 
 nederland marijuana business ordered to stop peddling investments in medical  recreational pot businesses 
 this is orwellian.@justintrudeau will soon legalize marijuana  yet cops stage mass arrests of dealers.  jt must pardon all users  now
 @keyumdi i mean  we were the first state to legalize medical marijuana. you can get a script for a bad back here. its a joke.
 this walmart employee just told me hes a retired pimp  hes cousins with migos  then invited me to smoke with him
 does yalls paw paws be smokin weed
 we can help create a more healthier state of wellbeing in our economy as well we allow for hemp growing in america 
 why my manager sent me to get him some weed 
 listening to liability makes me want to smoke a cigarette and take shots of whiskey alone wow my heart
 how data analytics can help cannabis entrepreneurs grow their businesses  via @marijuanatimesx
