 plot twist it aint weed and its actually green powder that got all that healthy shit in it the stuff you get a g 
 window open for the damn smoke
 golden road wolf among weeds doubl... now available on tap.  @goldenroadbrew corkandstogie keywest beer beermenus
 plot twist i stole @gabrayal s weed
 i really wonder how much weed my neighbor smokes. all day long i smell little wafts. 
 so  ignoring a court order is a huge fucking deal. without getting too much into the weeds  you always have to follow a court order.
 i stay in smoke filled benzs
 like go back to your ex who made you smoke him out at a kids park
 niggas buggin out just legalize weed a little or a lot of weed never hurt anyone deefuck
 @sylvienfawley im flying to denver for a conference on weed. so. cant bitch that much. just crazy ramp up the end of jan.
 trinityturnerlive performing live at glamour girls february 23rd25th... 14428 hempstead 
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 i swear to god everywhere u go in sf ur gonna b smelling weed
 i feel like my mom lowkey steals my weed 
 okay the panorama towers always smell like weed. like all the residents just dont give a fuck lol
 wine. weed. resident evil.
 my hair still smells like smoke im shaving my head
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 my uber drivers always smell like weed it never fails lmao
 my coworker said you sound like youve smoked so much cigarettes 
 ice said when he puts turbo or boost on his car hes gonna keep up with corvettes.... stop smoking weed kid..
 came outside to smoke a port on my break and im lightheaded lol.
 wow i have no clue how i lost my voice but i did and i sound like i smoke 9 packs a day 
 @realdonaldtrump @cnn is too fat to button his jacket he looks like the old man that smokes cigarettes outside at church fatty trumpstie
 @justregjay you look like you got a baby moms that smokes 10 packs of new ports a day
 feeling stressed dont reach for a smoke or pinch grab beer like real man
 bro omm im tweaking weed had me going up stairs that aint even there  @queeendeeeee
 why do boys smell like farts  stale weed  amp pee
 my grandmom came in my room and did i thought you said something about you dont smoke no cheap weed 
 my house smells like fucking weed
 why does hanceville still smell like weed lmao.
 im jus a nigga dat like clothes   shoes   weed   amp music
 so to da homie thatguybela on the pick up package from  @cloud9smokeco  @ cloud 9 smoke co. 
 i wish my apartment didnt smell like smoke every time i opened the door. h8 u arsonist
 @foxnews @cornelwest i see you as a frigging idiot go back to smoking whatever the hell you smoke cause it must be good stuff
 which @craftcannabis strain should i smoke before bed
 i love when niggas smell like weed but i hate weed breath 
 @thedailyshow smoke it
 when i see hella good smokey eyesamppallets and shii but then i snap to reality and realize i look like shii is smoeky eyes
 lets make a paypal and get him out he just tryna smoke a lil weed cmon merica 
 a valentines day bear cmon smokey when she open the door you jump on her ass show her how much i love her hey baby aaaaaaaaa i love you
 my hair smell like smoke 
 writing informative speech on marijuana title its lit 
 writes informative speech on marijuana  title its lit
 ash it smells like weed and flowers in your car thats a perfect combo
 were on our way to your house to go smoke with you
 if aliens opened up a portal in this room and offered to smoke some alien weed with me id throw this army career thing away in a heartbeat
 always a good time when ya get the whole crew together for a smoke sesh
 in 2014 i would be giving lectures to ppl like omg y do u smoke its bad for ur life now im like my life is bad so imma smoke
 im like bruh.. im just cracking my window for the erb smoke to drain out.. step back 
 im such a lucky girl holy smokes
 i didnt shower to smell like cedar amp lavender amp wood smoke for no one to ask me to bed
 i always feel weird towards people when they tell me that marijuana has given them a bad trip.... 
 my chicken nuggets from wendys smell like weed.
 she like how my clothes smell of expensive cologne amp good smoke
 this uber smells like weed and my driver is taking stop signs as suggestions so in other words i fucks with him.
  both of my coats smells like weed
 i love life  weed  and music
 money in my pickets   weed good   come get it 
 me walks into 711 711 guy oooooo you smell like the magical marijuana
 told the docta im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 the smell of weed has been so nauseating to me lately 
 my ra right in front of me and i smell like straught up weed. lolllll
 hair still smells like smoke
 the smell of fresh air and weed reminds me of summer 
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 trying  to be slick  come on now i can smell that weed in my car im like a trained k9 dog 
 matthew 13 2430 reading the parable of the weeds
 it smells like weed in town.... wtf lol
 the smell of weed turns me on
 yes plz get on the bus and make the whole bus smell like weed
 @beezknez im not sure whats in the can but i do know it smokes better than it tastes 
 if this fucking smoke detector doesnt stop ooo god
 spaday for smokey he may not look happy  but he does look  amp smell  great 
 thes guys just walked into clsss smelling like hella weed 
 met a girl yesterday that looks like @chelselizas so naturally i smoked with her
 oh and her vehicle  had the smell of weed in it ill mention 
 got a chick i call her lola she feel like the ocean likes to drink and smoke some doja and i feel like smokin 
 only smoke grammys 
 @brevardeoc any clue when they will finish titusville 2 weeks of smoke at night horrible
 this dude who sat next to me smells like weed and dog shit
 waiting for my load to be ready  reefer fuel and trailer washout. @ sapp brothers truck stop  @shellus 
 why does it smell like weed in my class lmao
 i hate a it smell like weed ass classmate 
 ogden in the winter makes me feel like ive smoked cigarets my whole life when i breathe 
 fucking ganja into pretty lights ommmmmggg 
 more like smoke sex then waffles in that order 
 last night was poker night  my mom and dad got up to go to work and when they went outside the smell of weed hit them like a truck.
 this bitch just said everytime she smells weed her head hurts... so sorry for ur headass
 it smells like a mixture of bad weed and cinnamon in kutztowns elevators
 you r old when you remember watching the kids father play holy smokes mikealstott boilerup 
 ahhh the college hallway  smells like marijuana and bo.
 my professor smells like an urban outfitters ass nigga  teakwood candle  beard oil and weed
 made dairy free weed cookies for my lactose intolerant home girl and they turned out better than the cookies with dairy in them sick night
 kid cannabis is a good movie
 you smell like a weed baby
 fittea literally tastes like im drinking marijuana
 i feel like i dont wanna leave  you backwoods and hella weed
 nothing says professional like getting into an @uber reeking of marijuana.
 the whole gym smell like weed
 freshman walks up to me and asked if he smells like weed.. im dropping out
 @thenarratorhere @c0nn0r1212 @blueberryissour you dont wanna any weeds then fine  more for me 
 that good weed 
 my favorite thing about public school is walking through the halls and smelling cigarette smoke
 @kaeliswaggerty if youre a smoker you do enjoy the smell i quit and now i cant stand the smell its very weird but true
 i like weed more than i like people
 @jxmmi smoke um
 time to go to smokeys grill to eat...lol so weird how all of the national signing day stuff is happening one floor below me 
 it smell like weed nigga i know shutup
 @stheresal feeling like youre on your way to becoming a cigarette smoker
 @bisabillwilliam @iromg @thetwomikes or is it just being lucky. my grandfather smoked and drank and lived to 98. are they good for you
 someone in my class smells like weed and for once it isnt me 
 @mujerlg guess all that weed their kids smoke behind their backs made em crazy   lol.
 when you smoke as much weed as i do you end up being like cheech and chong up in smoke one of my 
 great now my moms car smells like a damn smokers car i swear this child has no respect what so ever 
 this boy was like do i smoke what i look like huhhhh 
 god kelsea ballerini is a smoke show
 @papichuio smoke amp scorpion
 i wanna smoke and vibe to old rampb music man.... thatll be loooooove
 it smell like hella weed tf
 me when i smoke a cigarette in my room and then it smells like smoke in there 
 i need a villa in the costa rica so i could smoke my reefa and enjoy how life supposed to treat ya
 gotta wash my hair again bc it smells like smoke 
 weed is good for you and you should always smoke it. @verenicesantan2
 they say im picky bout my weed homie
 my friend says she can smell crack being smoked by people in the park next to her house. how does she know what crack smells like
 yes pls smoke your cigarette right by my car so i can smell it too 
 me why is it so hot in our house roommates oh we have our windows open so we can smoke cigs inside 
 swear i aint feel like goin to this store to get this weed but atleast i can go to stores for weed
 baby be having me all at work smelling like weed 
 mykindofpartyincludes a whole lot of booze  food  and weed.
 all i need is a clutch ass weedman like im saaaaayinggg doe.
 all you do is smoke amp sell weed all day long  you got a kid. grow up.
 holy smokes this is good.  drinking a nitro merlin by @firestonewalker at @pinthousepizza    photo
 @lexichronicom im hoping this indiana state bill 255 passes and i can try weed legally for this disease ankylosing spondylitis
 if u say it smells like weed i hate u
 i like smoking with abigail bc we just listen to rad ass music and chill. all my other friends kill my vibes and are loud when we smoke.
 know my ting @therealghetts here we go grime w that dance smoke vibe. @oldmanebro beats1ebro shotta lets go 
 i didnt see the weed at first so i was like grow everybody grow tf.. 
 i fried some chicken nuggets and left the gas on  went downstairs  ate my food came back up stairs and theres smoke everywhere 
 i dont need no evil weed  keep your crack amp your lsd im snorting something that god gave me and it smells a lot like love.
 i like smoking weed i like getting high 
 11 years smoke free today   thank you @nicodermcq
 my room is so fresh amp so clean i just finished washing amp folding  i want to smoke amp read a good book.
 @sugarhigh5me he is drunk and stoned on weed  and they keep pumping his ego so he keeps spewing crazy xdlol its wonderful
 @molovesny the barrel was in the house through 2 other owners. out here in nassau county  at least in hempstead you have to call for
 a car amp a new bigger bong and alot of weed n stuff like that 
 @thehsf unbelievably hypocritical of you to get upset at commercials for junk food yet remain silent on legalizing smoking of marijuana.
 @sierraleonee why couldnt the boy who smells like weed sit next to me
 if you dont like smokey and the bandit  youre wrong
 it smells like weed on my floor  either im crazy or someones just not sharing
 what is going on...this 6 year old said i smoke broccoli 
 this girl next to @infinitylovee and i smells like weed bad. lmao 
 @polettcasttro im not leaving my house amp my room is now a smoke free zone
  nfl open to tweaking marijuana policy and celebration rules
 my car smells like weed again why
 @stefanbc if marijuana is not halal  islam will never prevail.
 youre sun light  smoke rings and cigarettes old lines and kisses from silver screens oh dear  never saw you coming
 a college kid smokes pot no way. let the kid pay the fine and move on. 
 @jennyverbonitz looked your name up on urban dictionary smoke show 
 all we do is smoke mad izm
 @kaisdavis im genuinely fascinated by this  and realize from your previous tweet that i feel about weed as you feel about booze.
 holy smokes 
 girls always say they love the smell of their boyfriends hoodies but benjis always smells like weed  cigarettes amp alcohol 
 @stevebrisendine you should have @dmckeeper smoke that ham for you. ive never tasted anything so delicious 
 that awkward moment when @residente walks into the exhibit amp youre all holy smokes. thanks 
 dealers like smell this weed its called yellow cheese kush or sumthin and it smells exactly like cheese and it just smelled like weed 
 clement hall either smells like strong perfume or weed. theres no in between
 i got weed and jerk chicken  god is good
  nfl open to tweaking marijuana policy and celebration rules
 just got smoked in front of the whole troops families. good ole fox troop
 this whole winona ryder thing was a great endorsement of something ive believed for years and thats that weed edibles are very bad
 little kid behind the thunder bench just got smoked in the face by a high pass from paul zipser. kid was crying but hes ok looks like.
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 when im high in class and smell like weed.  
 holy crap i went in my backyard to smoke and my neighbor had her blinds wide open and just got out of the shower she has huge boobs
 yes i smoke my @bflowlopez everywhere  @ fontainebleau aviation 
 in order for something to grow ya have to pull the bad weeds right out. the elite 8 minus 1 vivicasblackmagic ciaoalvester 
 denver is truly a magical place full of breweries  distilleries  weed shops  pro choice women  activists  and dogs 
 i asked this guy @ work what he likes to do for fun amp he tells me  i like to smoke my weed 
 smells smokey.
 do we smell like weed  no but you look like weed...
 there will be a clash between marijuana producers amp the fed gov in decriminalized states prespower17
 my momma said alaysha whys my house smell like straight marijuana 
 anyone know specifically why ucberkeley is rioting over a gay immigrant speaker or are they just earning some extra weed money by soros
 smoking this bleek make me miss when i use to smoke on the block in the cold 
 i really enjoy smoking weed to be honest that shit mad fun @ fairfax district  los angeles 
 me i got a big ass bag of broccoli kate like weed  
 @ jareds parents house amp his dad pulls out a big jesuscross amp opens it up to find a stash of weed amp is like jesus watches my dope for me
 kid cannabis . fucking awesome movie .
 my room smells like farts  weed  amp a tobacco amp patchouli candle that i burn in attempts to cover the scent of farts amp weed
 ima just grow my own weed plants
 sometimes when i smoke weed i feel like my social awkwardness goes from 0100 and i feel like everything i say sounds dumb af. that just me
 still straight with the weed and the liquor these days   cause the new drugs got the kids trippin these days
 its so weird i feel like im stoned but i havent even smoked
 i can smell the smoke from here. good job. 
 so i just made spaghetti and smoked outside right before i ate n my dad just texted me saying it smelled really good and wanted a bowl
 i wanna live out west so i can have a post mate or task rabbit go to the weed store and pick me up some nuggets
 my roommate just offered me a cigarette to get rid of the weed smell in our room....im shook
 theres a dead skunk on commercial ave. i drove past it and oh my god. how can anyone confuse the smell of skunk with weed i almost vomited
 @tevinknowsbest you gotta smoke it its go taste better
 lol this book smells like weed 
 @kittykaiti  wow i just realized your a redhead smokeshow  me likey  and ya send in the troops whatever 
 on facetime.. does it smell like weed in here 
 i think my car permanently smells like weed 
 when your mom comes in your room and says why does is smell like weed in here
 why would you put yourself on blast about wanting to smoke weed while youre pregnant oh my god
 why would you put yourself on blast about going to smoke weed while youre pregnant oh my god
 when someone on our floor starts a fire and now our floor smells like smoke 
 whenever i smoke before coming home and moms waiting for me  i say good night and go straight to the restroom until she goes to her room
 i feel like i smoked weed holy fuck
 when you think youre out of weed  but you look in your grinder  and round up a dust bowl juststonerthings 
 my mom just gave me permission to smoke in my room.... talking about some open the window amp turn your fan on 
 andy hmu to smoke amp then never replied  fucking dick wad
 i swere to god god himself had to grow this weed   this shit ridiculous
 i love smoking weed with uber drivers
 my pillow smell like weed.
 i dont smoke but i do enjoy... 
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 i need a pillow made out of weed
 walkin into class smelling like the walking weed bag that i am. 
 good morning its a good day to smoke some chodes bro 
 @theenamoon how do you smoke doesnt that just taste nasty 
 im such a baby whenever everyone thinks it smells like weed i always think its skunk
 see i like emily because she smokes weed and doesnt smell like it but persons name always smells like it and i dont like them. 
 i hatee ahhh it smell like weed mf  like shut cho ass up
 @siipcampaigns @youngblackcon you are paid haters. when soros stops paying you are smoke in a whirlwind. poof.
 so douglas office reeks like weed lol
 810 and the bathrooms already smell like smoke welcometovhs
 incident cleared in eastmeadow on wantagh pkwy nb after hempstead tpk traffic 
 my mom asked to use my car today amp i said no i feel bad amp all but the second she walks into my weed smelling car im getting my ass whooped
 im 99 sure that the smell is actually a skunk and not weed
 when your car is shitty and its winter and your window wont roll down so you smoke a cigarette with your windows 
 i like weed and thats about it
 my 14 year old brother is trying to convince my grandmother to smoke weed. i need to go back to bed.
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway nb from exit m6e  southern state parkway to exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead...httpst.co0e0wf5ps9a
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway nb from exit m6e  southern state parkway to exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead...httpst.co8o3b5opwlj
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway nb from exit m6e  southern state parkway to exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway nb from exit m6e  southern state parkway to exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike
 my poop this morning smelled like weed
 my poop this morning smelled like weed @kshelloriginal
 @siennatna thats an outstanding choice..i use to pick her mostly along with noob saibot  rain  cyber smoke and scorpion. 
 this is wear make up came in  niggas came in  liquor and more weed came in and i was only a freshmannnn
 i sound like i smoke 20 packs a day
 you have to be a special kind of dickhead to smoke and leave the butts in a park where kids play  pissedoffdad 
 @w0ahitshan can you see the smoke coming out my ears  
 holy smokes. 
 thats it made up my mind but i  smoker and a trailer  
 who tryna smoke marijuana in denton rn
 it smells like weed in my class 
 professor just asked what amendment should be put in affect in the usa. i said legalize weed. kid after class just asked if i sold bud nice
 a little excitement today. a chemistry lab set off the smoke detectors  building cleared. classes back after inspection. wasnt that fun
 i hate a it smells like weed ass classmate
 this woman had the audacity to smoke in her car with her dog in the back seat. common girl......
 idk but theres a kid in the house  so i hope they dont smoke im front of him 
 my voice amp caugh literally sound like a 50 year old man who smoked all his entire life. im dying
 the smoke from the lyrical blunt make me go ugh.
 people that smoke blacks smell horrible
 came home took my shower amp smoked my kush  now phone going on dnd 
 going places after smoking weed and smelling like it 
 this old man really reeks like weed in my gym rn you keep you that ousside my friend
 weed smells so good before during and after you smoke it
 @governorva  @heymistahdj the inverse when we all are going to dc to get legal weed  hows that gonna play out with more legislation
 @edhenry this libertarian talks in circles.  sounds like hes been smoking too much weed like garyaleepojohnson.  terrible
 but when you are constantly smelling cigarette smoke or weed seeping into your place i hate the smell  or...
 it smells like a weed leaf in my house
 i just got this smoke smell out my damn room amp im back smoking in it lol
 @zerofret hey lakhota here to help we provide medical marijuana cards all online you can learn more or apply at 
 im crying bc it hella smells like smoke in my car 
 holy smokes whats going on 
 homie from my cannabis class asked this other dude if he had a bowl to smoke  dude couldnt wait until they were out the building to ask smh
 what a good   waiting so patiently for his person..and look  daddy came back. a quick smoke 
 officer but its smells like marijuana sir grabs joint and unravels it get out the fucking car smart ass 
 moment of silence  i see the violence  i smell the gun smoke  eyes 
 this just in cam newton tradrd for three packs of smokes and s oj autograph
  fuxkk school  smoke weed  lt3
 mom  no one calls it marijuana. you sound like a grandma.
 whats a good detox last time i smoked was the beginning of february. i need my system cleansed by june.
 mad i got a citation for smoking outside when people smoke in the building
 i smell weed 
 the weed delivery guy just called me sir. thanks for the respect but how old do i look
 @cnbci smoke and mirrors with no backing. thefall trumpstreet
 i fucking love the way  the smoke looks  when we hot boxn the car.
 im allergic to marijuana  
 im about to smell like different type of smokes walking in the club wtf 
 when they say you smell like weed in class  
 helllllllll nawl im too lil to smoke a blunt dis fat have my ass laid out somewhere 
 suspect opened door and a huge cloud of smoke came out. police chase ends along hollywood walk of fame 
 dont gimme no bammer weed
 all i wanna do is smoke and make music with rodl
 smells like weed in my room 
 i smoke alone 99.9 of the time  i just be vibin on my balcony playing music with my dog 
 good weed in the building kuzo rolling cause we both off work and trying to smoke.  music cannabis 
 lil uzi vert and good weed in the building kuzo rolling smoke.  music  
 oh my god look at that ice on ur wrist ... do u still drugs ..... u smell like weed i like it. 
 @billwalton needs to lay off the weed.  he sounds like a crazy man
 @somecrazyness smoke with me  drank with me  lean like im clark  copping a wraith then i throw it in park. 
 vees preg  celeste dont smoke  bri dont smoke  briella stop smoking for lent  amber dont smoke  frankie i hardly ever chill w anymore 
 a fat ass swisher of weed sounds better 
 chelsea just told me i could smoke in her room as long as i open the window 
 he got that good weed that good weed 
 im so sick rn and when i laugh i sound like a smokers laugh
 the suite mate just came knocking on my door complaining that it smelled like weed 
 woke up in a smoke filled room 
 imma stay in today  get some liquor amp weed  amp be td tf up 
 hahahaha where theres smoke... 
 sb187 engross residency exemption marijuana educationbased occupational license 
 idk why my eyes look like i just smoked 10 blunts but whatever 
 walked past my mom room amp it smelled like all this weed  she not low
 my mother going come in my room talking about you smell like a bag of weed 
 my bus stop stay smelling like weed
 debate breaks out on house floor over medical marijuana. 
 fuck... i smell weed.  
 h.n.i.c.  hempstead niggas in charge lp by @huskingpin amp @smoovth 
 yea it look good yea it smell good but do it smoke good
 girl walks in late to class smelling like weed and spills her coffee twice in under 5 min.... and i thought i was having a bad day
 cayli told me my car finally smells good bc it usually either smells like coffee or weed hahahah
 the dude who lives on the second floor is a dentist. every morning i walk into my office and his apt reeks of weed and drifts up
 if you want to go and get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benze  oh why must i feel this way 
 morning from the team at smokesumbbq   come and see us today we will be at lone star icehouse today. 10801 spring cypress
 update she still smokes like this 
 @sonofwashington where there is smoke....the one thing that stands out here is scot comes off the nice guy and danbruce come off evil.
 just got paid  out for break  hella weed hella booze  wuts gud
 it a good thing i went out for a smoke break it just started raining and my windows were down. me huh  i guess cigarettes do save lives.
 oh man we are going to hit 400 subs soon helps that im growing like a weed since the switch came out d
 i dont smoke but oomf makes me feel like i need to 
 @lifewinning now does 420 cologne smell like weed or does it mask weed smell
 thank u 2 weed
 @sensanders bernie you smoked to much skunk bud this morning go buy some twinkies and call me in the morning.
 @ebjaybird thanks for getting the podcast back up 915 has been solid so far  really diggin the smokers lounge keep up the good work  jam
 thank god for weed
 i smoked ppl up in the girls bathroom at the pub last night why am i so extra
 i got some good ass weed thats finna have me knocked
 my car smells like weed amp i dont even smoke. im about to get kicked out of spu i swear 
 at old city hall courts for the emery bail hearing. strong showing of supporters. front of the court bldg already smells like pot smoke
 all girls do is skip school and go smoke weed with their boyfriends. 
 i smell like a bag of weed amp this is not okay
 all my hoodies smell like weed 
 buying marijuana online just seems like a trap lmao
 some of you niggas weed jus got a good smell
 yo this bitch in the uber im in breath smells like shittty weed and every time shes takes in some air or speak i smell it
 love when someone who smells like smoke sits right in front of me in class 
 insert smokey voice you got knocked the fuck out 
 i smoke kush lots of it
 some of yall pussies be lookin like they smoke cigarettes.
 i miss cali it always smelled like weed
 smells like scrambled eggs and cigarette smoke on this train
 @bendilin @punchmonster gtusing the term transtrender as a smokescreen to attack trans people you dont like  ok
 why does my math class smell like weed
 my mama came in my room and said what is that smell  is that yo marijuana  lmao
 my coworker just sat her purse next to me and it smells like straight up weed...... shes new idk if i should tell her lol
 i am getting a contact high from how badly it smells like weed at the secretary of state
 meet me down the street so we can chief cause yo mama dont like the smell of weed
 i like weed
 everyone who gets in my car to me smell like hella weed in here
 good weed amp good vibes 
 love it when the hallways smell like weed. reedsburgpride
 everybody having kids and im just sitting here rolling up my weed looking at them like.40 chance your kid will be a serial killer.
 boy you smell like hella weed. shit try and tell me something i dont knoe
 the schools boys bathrooms smell like weed  poop and pee oh look your three favorite smells
 i like smokin weed i like getting fly.
 @lovecville its crazy how bbq here went from big jims meh to this list in 15 years. local smokehouse is good and didnt make your list
 one 4 hour shift stands between me and oso oso  mad weed  kahlo exhibit at the dali museum
 soon as i woke i smelled weed i was like im up pass it 
 nutribio pre tastes like fucking weed
 also im so mad nick got me sick. bitch u knew you were sick why did u smoke with me
 music  weed  sun 
 urban farmers   and cannabis growers  meet me and team @eddygrows at sxsw  
 yeayeayea this thc just aint no fucking weed
 when the @uber driver reeks of smoke and makes me feel better for smelling like sweat win win lol
 the father  the sun  the holy smoke  the cool mama.
 would it hurt the fiah to smoke while its in there 
 @ananavarro smoke whatever you want. but not in my air space.
 i wont smoke in my car for dayssss and it will still smell like weed 
 i smoke blunts and talk to god thats who counsel me..
 so to the neighbor that smokes weed because now my apt smells like it
 my smoke will make you choke @rtpetboy @rtsubby @rtfindom1 @rt4fd @rt4tat2 @rtcunt96 @rtdoms @rtpromo2 
 oh i think they like me  yup  in my white tee. oh no no no baby smoke so much dope need some visine
 neighbors knockin askin can we turn it down. i said aint no music playin   they said nah that weed is loud
 came home smelling like weed and the only thing my aunt said is let me see your weed  make sure youre smoking the good shit
 feel like having a smoke session .
 @patricethatsme im about to just go smoke my life away
 i wish the high school kids wouldnt stand outside the window of front desk just to smoke cigs and stare at me.
 holy smokes zack gahagan smoked that ball 3 run hr diamondheels 41
 you only smoke bammer pinners
 yea my music loud but the weed louder 
 always feel like i need a cigarette after these games. i dont smoke.
 holy smokes @adismukes16 i think thats some pretty incredible motivation for your students and looks like it work 
 im always so paranoid if i smoke in the house lmaooooo
 i genuinely think steves mad at me bc he hasnt smoked with me in like over a week. 
 like the weed loud like my engine when i speed up bitches holding they weed rolling trees with they pretty feets up
 holy smokes the as just got better in my book
 the joint by cannabis  chronic creations wax25gm or craft shatter30gm otdrec  denver  cannasaver  thejoint
 smells like straight weed while walking venice lol
 does virginia beach even have good weed anymore feel like i could find a unicorn prior to someone having good weed
 a woman who smelled keenly of cannabis came into locopops and cried over how good her dessert was. not sure you can do better than that.
 a woman who smelled keenly of cannabis came into locopops and cried over how good her dessert was. not sure we can do better than that.
 smell that smoke
 the smoke keeps on building 
 @austinwalker austin  your signature just looks like it says dat weed
 i hate smelling like smoke
 i love the smell of weed
 when your grandma asks you for your weed mans numbergtgtgt
 someone is hotboxing their car right next to my house and the whole street smells like weed
 every time im at the gather it smells like weed
 myrtle beach never fails to reek of weed
 im withhhhhh allllll the shittttt i want alllllll the smoke bout lil baby e @trues0ul tell these folks sis
 41 bus is packed today and smells a lot more like weed than normal. oo
 @profgalloway holy smokes nice sale to gartner  man  ill be in ny in two weeks. round of beers on me
 i dont really care if people smoke weed  but when ou walk into the gym amp the whole gym smells like that shit im telling you something lmao
 my mom said i smell like weed ..  tonssss of it  
 like yeah im for medical marijuana  but this seems like a trap 
 for the love of all things holy  do not throw your cigarette out the window. or better yet dont smoke. 
 @derekmunter @randallpursell @lilk25 @justicehobbs26 @tpursell0 @justblaise15 @l8nn smoke friendly gym
 @logo12 he just said smoke weed with god
 this hemp stuffs just blowing my mind its the new ubi.... 
 @halseylifestyle a kid at my school one time told me halsey was in the chain smokers
 you ever smoke some green that taste like dirt 
 everywhere we walk reeks of weed lol
 two reasons why i love venice beach is because 1  its venice beach and 2  everyone just walks around n smokes so it always smells like weed
 @officialbbynk holy smokes
 being able to sell some of the best quality ganja and in a beautiful store front.. welcome to the gallery  
 i smoked your dro  jumped yo bro .
 someone in my building is smoking weed i think  nice
 it makes me look like im a stoner... and im not.. i just really like to smoke.. .... okay destinee
 this uber smells like weed this guy knows how to live
 back in la  where theres a 1 in 3 chance that the air you breath in will smell like a field of burning marijuana. home
 my hands smell like weed but the gag is.... i been at work all day
 i wish i lived near people who were down to smoke 
 i bet this reefer... make you feel nice and comfortable  @ miami 
 my utmost shirts smell likes weed lmao
 if my neighbors could stop smoking weed to the point where the smell is coming through my vents that would be fucking fantastic
 a customer smoked weed in the bathroom at my work and it smells like danky dankerson
 im so fucked up that i know once i smoke i wont be able to do anything. like i wont be able to even fucking walk dude
 holy smokes
 the round isnt over yet  but so far @wartburgwrestle has put 7 in the national semifinals.  holy smokes what a round so far.
 my dad literally smells like weed. i was not expecting that 
 the article itself makes the claim look like some bullshit. and there is no mention of how the weed was consumed. 
 it always smells like weed in arenas.
 we enter colorado and it smells like weed how nice 
 im going to smoke pot amp fish when i retire  the scott ikeda
 i hate being on public transportation smelling like weed. i feel like everyone knows lmao
 trade show life busybusyapp conexpo @ rollin smoke barbeque 
 had a weed ediblez and now to see logan
 @darknessbrewing with @jungleswineguy the smoked stout rocks
 but if i wanted to grow a hemp plant or smoke marijuana which isnt harmful id be locked up in a heartbeat for 5 
 it feels like i have a sweater on and youre taping weed nuggets on it
 i wish i had a mobile weed man here i dont feel like driving
 @fivetimesaugust congrats enjoy it they grow like weeds
 its a grinder like for spices no  for weed  idiot.
 whatd you do smoke up your car while getting the food  no didnt even smoke tho..... smells like you did
 ok so god is def playing jokes on me and @gmalmo whenever either one of us smokes the radio is playing bad and boujee and its awful.
 patiently waiting on my auntie to leave so i can smoke this blunt and do dumb shit round her house 
 why i cant grow my own weed
 i think the lady underneath me smokes weed. because my apartment always smells like dope at night.
 this cough sounds like i smoke cigarettes
 walks in the front door dadwhat did you smoke meinhaled the air of lifetime
 why does it smell like str8 weed errtime i come in my room 
 @tallfuzzball hay majira  would u smoke strawberry flavored kush at a hookah lounge
 my friend told me that smoking weed out of a sprite can is bad for u  and im just here like o.
 feels so good to smell houston weed
 soros just stopped by to smoke a rock with me. good times.
 @tallfuzzball hey majira  would u smoke strawberry flavored kush at a hookah lounge
 y does my room smell like weed
 they say it smells like weed  i say yah i smell good right
 my mamas way of asking me am i about to smoke  you finna sit in yo car and turn yo music up me yeah  something like that
 keanu was sick  i went amp got him some weed  all better
 its 2017 i can have packs of marijuana cigarettes that look just like cigs we have reached the height of innovation 
 me minus weed 
 i think my driver is drinking and high. the car smells like weed and he keeps sipping from a cup. ripme
 ...... does it smell like french marijuana 
 i feel like i just smoked a blunt i feel high off life
 @iloveglockz its so weird that hair can smell like weed to me  but i know how this feels 
 i swear that clubs air was 80 cigarette smoke and 19 bad breath. 1 farts
 lmaooo she really be like damm it smell like that good weed 
 you seem like a good kid. one that doesnt smoke pot  thanks officer as im high
 miguel i got home from school and it smelled like weed and i was like ahhh smells like brit was here 
 i feel like niggas rarely sell weed on my side now
 im at banger in hempstead  ny 
 hair smells like straight smoke.
 i was going to smoke with my old thang 
 so i guess who smelled like weed from the club lmao our uber driver talking about man i miss kind bud lmaoooo what 
 boarder patrol was like weed is cheaper here lmao
 well of course i smell like weed bitch  i fucken smoke it
 anxiety attacks feel like being high to me and thats why i dont like weed
 more weed more liquor rrrrrrright now
 big turnoff when girls smoke like if u agree
 well if i was sound asleep and your brother isnt home  then clearly  yes  you are the one responsible for the 2am smoke alarms 
 i want to smoke but i feel like i shouldnt
 me asleep her sets of smoke alarms me jumps to action her  me open windows her  me fans alarms her doesnt even come upstairs me 
 because i had a convo with these stoners  the inside smells like weed 
 i just called a lamp a candle look what 24 hours w no marijuana does to my brian
 i smell like smoke
 the governments weed looks like fish food 
 p came over looking for my brother and just smoked with my instead 
 shower  music amp some good weed. 
 gigi lays down  turns off light me wanna smoke gigi turns light back in and sits up
 thank god for weed and mythbusters at 330 in the morning
 good for you  person driving with their window down in 12 degree weather with a kid in the back so you can smoke parentoftheyear
 woke up to everywhere smelling like weed. i need new friends mayne 
 i went outside to shut these kids up for being loud amp waking me up at 3 am and they smoked me out to help me go back to sleep lol kindness
 think ima make me amp trey a fire ass breakfast  its callin my name just like this weed in my pocket 
 why does my toothpaste taste like burnt weed 
 everywhere you looook @ 420 cannabis cure  weed  cannabis oil  
 early morning sending smoke signals to my neighbors
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i  smoke broccoli 
 my doctors are so extra. they came in acting like they were smoking weed. please just release me
 why did i wake up with my entire house smelling like smoke
 thank god for weed 
 glutenfree foods found saturated with glyphosate weed killer 
 99.99999999999999999 sure i smell like weed
 always smelling like that bomb weed  
 god  weed culture is the most annoying thing. dont get me wrong  weed is fine  but cmon.
 sounds like flyout girl might have actually been weird. and she smoked up all his stash. not siding with her 100.
 i think that my resume smells like weed...
 babe smoke that shit amp quit playing. 
 12 hours of non stop music  comedy  food  weed  wine  90s games and more fun
 you can legit drink weed like how awesome is that thank u science
 @emprsschristine wheres drew hempel when you need him
 saw smokey the bear today at cabalas @ cabelas 
 coffee and weed sound perfect right now.
 when i smoke i should feel better
 so sick of smelling my stupid neighbors cigarette smoke 
 that awkward moment when a bunch of people see u sell weed to someone
 maple smoked pork over glutenfree pancakes pigout @ casa savage 
 members of @rockfordfire amp @redcrossnwil are going door to door today to make sure everyone has working smoke alarm 
 the bmv smells like weed and death
 @msnbc oh please give us a break regarding the white house breach  obama has someone get in the white house amp down a hall  just smokescreen
 sometimes i wish one of those mysterious  beautiful  attractive but always inaccessible women who drinks wine and smoke. but im just me 
 ready to smoke ruaf
 only cause the weed i have rn puts me straight to sleep
 good weed. good day.
 i remember my momma got mad at me for smoking weed  now when she hear my voice outside and she know its me herbo
 i have the dankiest weed cookies rn
 whenever the place next door to work smokes in their basement my office smells so dank
 this is what reefer does kids. and yeah my eyeballs would be gone. 
 @sunlorrie recent comments from goodale imply pot not legalized anytime soon. cannabis companies stocks nosedived. good to see doing job.
 im so mad my mama walking around smelling like a pound of weed soooo embarrassing
 i really need to chain smoke but its too cold out so i guess i have to accept my apartment smelling like cigarettes
 i smell weed...
 hate when the fucking weedman feels like he just doesnt wanna sell weed today  like wtf my nigga  you have one fucking job.
 bitchs complaining about the smell of smoke but it smell like fucking spoiled milk and shit. really will light up blunt up like a candle tf
 when you have to make hennessy your bff for the weekend cuz atlanta isnt known for weedlike  at all 
 good smokes 
 im at salvation army family store  @salvationarmyus in hempstead  ny 
 smoking tx weed in va feels so good.
 everyone in this stupid town smells like week old cigarette smoke.
 sometimes i feel like i smell like weed then i get paranoid. 
 i need to smoke dog smh
 my twitter timeline is always just filled with weed and trucks. 
 omg it smells like weed at my grandparents house
 here in cali we walk past the hotels and it smells like weed all in the halls 
 @oreoshedevil growing like a weed. strong as her father and beautiful like her mother i smile
 @heykristinhere everything i own smells like smoke and old person.
 this weed tastes like rain.
 im mad i hit oomf up for some weed amp he said he wasnt in town but he was like wow lol
 hit up my weed man for delivery neighbors be thinking he live with me
 texting my boyfriend wondering if the smoke shop still open
 my uber drivers care smells like weed 
 this is sparta  agoge spartanracehouston @ hempstead  texas 
 literally smelled weed when the uber stopped to drop someone off in the haightashbury district. 
 this is sparta  agoge spartanracehouston @ hempstead  texas 
 this is sparta  agoge spartanracehouston @ hempstead  texas 
 this is sparta  agoge spartanracehouston @ hempstead  texas 
 this is sparta  agoge spartanracehouston @ hempstead  texas 
 this is sparta  agoge spartanracehouston @ hempstead  texas 
 braceface cutie loves her boyfriend talks about him 247 can out smoke anyone no filter  tounge never in her 
 @tysonle38611628 smokes a double to left to plate 2.  42 panthers gbr 
 my mom just told me when we get a new apartment or house my room is ganna be the smoke room 
 i really dont like cigette smokers.
 im at my grandparents house upstairs rolling up weed hiding like they cant smell this shit trough out the house .... loo
 im at my grandparents house upstairs rolling up weed hiding like they cant smell this shit trough out the house .... lol
 i smoke blunts bigger then the kids who steal and jump people round here. @brandonmocino
 this hotel smells like weed downstairs lmao
 this me anywhere and someone says it smells like weed 
 smoking weed smoking crack same thang  biggie smalls lil b same thang bro @tlowtheking
 i smell like black ice and weed
 loosening up on marijuana policies could save nfl lives  imo. 
 sometimes my dogs farts smell like weeds. 
 goverment cant even grow weed right smh 
 someone smells like weed
 my car was smelling like weed and my brother wasnt even tripping when he moved it 
 bryce hempel grabs rebound
 bryce hempel layin with nice pass from alex jensen
 trying out parkeys smokehouse in lebanon tonight. where do you like to go in indiana for 
 with the smell of smoke everywhere 
 when i get my own place  just know if you dont like the smell of smokeloud you not invited
 i can smell the weed from here 
 holy smokes so amazing. @ hall of heroes in elkhart  in 
 @lovelylahela @mu5ah you blow smoke through it so the smell isnt as potent
 luke paulson for3 bryce hempel with the assist
 bryce hempel hits 15. alex jensen with the assist
 bryce hempel with a block
 st louis park miss.  bryce hempel. grabs rebound.
 god gave us the herbs of the earth and marijuana is one of them. old person
 me amp the guy next to me in traffic legit just had a smoke sesh  windows rolled down taking turns with our ratchet music 
 one of my boyfriends was my weed dealer... free weed hahahha what
 congrats to @kull31 for 8 years smoke free. 
 that ganja smelling too good rn
 fountains in public be like aye quit throwing coins at me im tryna smoke my dope in peace
 why does boomers smell like weed rn 
 why does it smell like weed here 
 the neighbors house fire has been put out  finally. no more smoke or steam.
 sup guys anyone smoke kush 
 smoking weed driving down mulhollands twists 
 ugh...so full... @ rollin smoke barbeque 
 kid cannabis will always be one of my favs
 bro you reek of cheap weed
  @ scorpion hookah lounge in hempstead  ny 
 good day  good weather  good weed @ malibu  california 
 this girl next to me in the uber smells like a pound of weed covered in baby powder.  allergies
 somewhere between perfect and rad. babycomeback desertmood @ smoke 
 my house smells like weed
 sometimes i dont even go in my bathroom to smoke  the acoustics just mad nice in here  yo
 imma healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 main bitch smelled the pack on me amp str8 gave me the smoke room 
 the only type of weed i like is seaweed 
 seems like lately all i do is work go home and smoke ... like every day
 me and @the1 got kicked out of a hookah for smelling like weed 
 congrats to smoke 
 i hate people who smoke by the gas station like yo god wait til i leave for the fuccery
 something told me not to take another shower until i after this get together now i smell like cigarette smoke and i just took a shower
 turn up stsmokeshopwinrock @ st smoke shop 
 im allergic to smoking weed  issa sign
 i neeed some weed like like wtf
 lays biscuits and gravy chips taste like artificial smoke and pepper. the end
 i just always want to look like a 1960s rebel teen girl that would smoke cigarettes in the school bathroom
 i can smell the weed from here 
 i have the entire house to myself. still choose to sit in my room listen to some tunes and smoke cigs
 @davepasch be careful on the mic there. sounds like @billwalton didnt smoke the mellow stuff tonight  sounds all agitated and cranky
 ill smoke everybody in dis bitch like a hookah lounge
 @patskam happens even when u get old like me. i like to call it natural selection. life has its way of weeding out the phonies from ur life
 the thing i hate most about having a cold is not being able to smell my weed
 kayla just told bailey that her weed was laced in coke because she feels so drunk right now wtf 
 @actionbronson are you filming friday grab the guys from @311 @pnut @nickhexum for some food and smoke fckthatsdelicious happy311day
 @actionbronson are you filming 317 grab the guys from @311 @pnut @nickhexum for some food and smoke fckthatsdelicious happy311day
 to cold to even smoke with a window open
 my dad asked me if i had been smoking weed bc i came home with my hood on 
 oh look  my notebook  with smoke cook like the flow stood  a foot over the stove  soot charred debris floating like oak wood
 man the whole vegas smoke weed. everywhere somebody either blowing or rolling up 
 talking to my uber driver about her encounters with weed  lol
 tb to those smoke dance days  
 walk into my building and all i can smell is marijuana and chicken noodle soup
 our hotel room smells like weed and it isnt even my fault...
 girls that smoke and drink  party are not cute amp congrats good for u
 holy smokes.... 
 god made me a fullblown genius wtf i need weed for
 it does smell like weed outside my window tho
 i hate smelling like smoke 
 we all said we wouldnt smoke when we was kids but look at us now...
 count til my thumbs hurt  smoke til my lungs hurt 
 i smell like straight weed and i do not smoke like that.
 when it smells like weed everywhere thats when u know were in colorado
 smell like smoke now bc of the bonfire 
 sometimes i hate going out bc it makes my hair smell like smoke 
 i hate going out amp coming home smelling like weed 
 i was just going down the road and i smoked a rabbit the size of a dog
 i love the smell of weed 
 my boyfriend doesnt drink or smoke never has in his life and that just motivates me to live a sober life.
 long car rides  no weed upset isaiah
 i look back at some of the decisions i made when i quit smoking weed  and think.  wow wtf 
 my room smells like weed 
 good weed 
 my jacket smell like smoke
 im like a lady to a cigarette watching me smoke
 damn my car still smells like marijuana
 when my little brother here i dont smoke in the house so im up sober amp cam knocked beside me
 literally just walked in my office and it smells of weed who does this
 last night nick told an mp after a vehicle inspection he didnt find his weed. justins friends are my favorite 
 this lady at the toll said it smells too smokey out here amp lookin at us like were crazy bitch u know damn well its the car stop playin
 this isgoing on my todo list. how to make smoked pastrami   via @shareaholic
 this guy next to me smells like weed and gahdamnit haha
 neighbors 2 is kinda lame but i do enjoy the weed humor
 my jacket smells like smoke. 
 my cologne is reefer  cigarettes amp cheap beer
 my hair and clothes smells just like smoke nothing but weed and cigarettes  ugh.
 smells like weed 
 i love trap music  dark smokefilled rooms  and debauchery
 i swear to god if i had my own bud i grow and smoke i would prob not talk to anyone lol
 holy smokes 
 its national plant a flower day. go grow some marijuana.
 me after smelling weed 
 my car went from smelling like weed to smelling like a fairys asshole
 lmk bars 2mg yellows and kill kush got 3 strains of bomb ass weed lmk
 roommates already telling me to open my windows cus the weed smell
 drank some good wine and smoked some guy weed with my brother in law
 holy smokes  
 you know i smoke like dry ice
 @a0ehypickle @electrocynical thats good businesses sense. sorta like selling girl scout cookies next to a marijuana store in colorado.
 jordyn why yo jacket smell like you smoke 25 pounds a day 
 the people at the store smelled the weed. like this some good shit let me find out mike had some fire  amp it went to waste mikebrown
 i find weed everywhere  my dresser  makeup bag  coat pocket  wristlet  car door  bathroom closet.. and the list could continue forever
 like this lady just walked out with her 2 kids to sit in her rusty ass loud minivan and smoke a cig with her kids in the back like what
 i expected your room to have like 5 bongs and weed everywhere lmao my closest friends know im trash and love me anyway 
 how polite of my parents to smoke in the car w the windows cracked while im in the back seat freezing amp breathing in secondhand smoke 
 if your straight edge and smoke cigarettes you can eat my ass you hypocritical fuck
 nm governor trumps state farmers amp overwhelming bipartisan support for hempshe must be high on something else.... 
 being 19 is the most awkward age like i cant drink legally my lifes a mess and i just smoked 5 cigarettes while listening to lana delray
 holy smokes 
 every apartment building smells like weed.
 they have weed lounges in toronto lmao thats incredible
 to the girl outside the gym  do you smoke your cigarette before or after your workout
 walk into the church bathroom and it smell like weed...wtf
 my room smell like weed 
 all my hoodies smell like cologne and weed 
 all my hoodies smell like cologne amp weed
 tell me this smoke isnt moving to the  music 
 i smell like dank weed  dope
 im at jet wash in hempstead  ny 
 oh i think they like me  in my white tee  oh no no no baby smoke so much dope need some visine
 price sounds like the principal that cancels the prom till the bathroom stops smelling like weed 
 im hurt my boyfriend  im trynna smoke and he is doing the most
 im sick so i was smoking weed w a cough drop and lemme tell ya what that is the most disgusting taste 010 recommend
 why does under my sink it smell like weed
 she like to smoke so i told that bihh blow me 
 i feel like if more people smoked weed they wouldnt act like they had a stick up their ass
 beer can chicken in the smoker courtesy of stackbrewing altbier. smoker stackbrewing altbier 
 lovable people like me amp you dont get along with player haters amp thats a blessing because it weeds out the bloodsuckers.
 spring break destiney youve only been home 3 days and your room smells like weed
 oh the smell of weed in the air
 i swear all i be wanting is weed  food and nice plump backside to double as my personal pillow
 @llamacallaxy i always feel better smoking weed no matter the symptoms
 this random kid just called me beer weed im ded
 my car doors are sticking i have to clean them thats what happens when you smoke crack
 loving the dream of smokey goodness and it lead me right here thank god traegersentme  
 i just got pulled over by the state boys in a whole other state with open liquor bottles in view and weed on me and he just let me go 
 who wouldnt wanna be smoked out  put on good music and fed
 mom walks into my house smells like weed  lol welcome to the 602
 holy smokes logan what a movie one of the best marvel has done yet
 but by the time police and fire showed up the smoke had cleared.  so now i feel bad
 holy smokes hadwin drains it from a mile out  @ahadwingolf
 i smell just like weed amp my granny talking bout you smell good 
 my car surprisingly never smells of weed  i leave so many clothes in there amp they always come out smelling rlly nice and never of bud 
 whats some good weed games
 @georgeloveee mine smells like weed
 i need to clean my car out. smell like weed  liq and food lol
 i h8 smelling like weed 
 hella smoke in the air.
 @darthstout i smell the smoke from here
 regardless of what i do you want control. you feel like your losing me and losing control so you drink and smoke and now your sick.
 the hallways in my building always smell like weed and laundry
 i hate sitting in my living room bc it smells like nothing but weed bc of my neighbors
 reunited and it feels exactly like this @ old crow smokehouse 
 @sgmurphy91 holy smokes 
 he smells of weed and cologne. its my favorite thing. 
 i smell like chlorine and weed
 tfw the person who just walked into the bar threatens to get you all high via the overwhelming smell of weed  whew
 good god all the smoke 
 holy smoke danica blew that one up pretty good nascar lasvegas kobalt400
 im at town of hempstead in ny 
 police pulled me over said they smelled a oder of marijuana searched my entire car and me i laughed and said im a hooper best of luck 
 how did kyle busch see in that car as it slid down pit road car was full of smoke
 the whole parking lot smells like weed and i know exactly whos car its coming from 
 my dude at clutch cannabis is a homie 
 fucking hate when my moms friends come over unannounced like tf they be smelling like smoke and piss. 
 mtn dew and music and weed
 you smell like smoked sausage dad
 chiang smokers are lit here at the houston rodeo 
 this entire town smells like weed.
 all i smell here is weed
 ima healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 you can grow weed in @nomansskygame now. amazing.
 i swear. some taste natural   some taste like a smokers cough  
 good music amp weed is all i need
 holy smokes  
 holy smokes 
 holy smokesss
 my truck smells like weed and mcdonalds
 i would love to open my doors and windows and enjoy the weather amp fresh air but my neighbors run out to smoke everyone i open the door
 i would love to open my doors and windows and enjoy the weather amp fresh air but my neighbors run out to smoke every time i open the door
 everywhere i go it turns into a smoke sesh 
 im so happy that i finally got to a place where its like im able to enjoy weed occasionally  instead of feeling like i need it everyday
 holy smokes. @realjaywilliams and @jaybilas have unc and duke playing for the national title. could the rivalry handle that whew...
 i always smell weed coming from my neighbors its so funny
 @tay4mvp3 i wont either  her breath probably smell like nuts and cigarette smoke 
 it smells like straight up weed in brooklyn pizza rn
 the only things preventing depression from overpowering me are standup comedy  music  and weed.
 my room smell like straight weed and i havent even smoked in a while 
 im straightening my hair and it smells like weed...is that normal lindsay dantuono @lindsaydantuono
 off work straight to the weed boul 
 we are driving and it smells like weed so my dad pretends to pass me a blunt 
 lab day be like.... ganja oilve oil just made from some extra experiments. named after 
 nothing quite like the smell of weed in the apartment hallway at night...
 with the way my car smell youd think i smoke
 why does my neighborhood smell like marijuana  when marijuana is clearly illegal 
 radford where the smell is a little mix between skunk and weed 
 dont smoke weed kids 
 i shill wanna smoke  me some gas  but the way the drc set up nawl im good 
 nick really came and smoked me up
 im calling this strain of flu the old lady smoker fluits made my laugh sound like i smoke 12 packs of lucky strikes a day. flusucks
 what if god smoked cannabis 
 so youre telling me that i can get a candle that smells like marijuana and road kill 
 why yuh cyan stay pon me like di corna  and keep yuh lips pon me like yuh marijuana
 some of yall mfers need to grow up going out every weekend smoking weed and getting drunk while your kids at home or with your parents 
 my mama said  why you smell like smoke  when i got in the car. it was straight weed at the concert rbbtour
 anytime i say im going to the store my moms like or you gonna go smoke that stuff 
 i straight up smell like smoke
 personal ad light smoker who likes french cinema and long confrontational walks on the beach
 dex 13ya whoa i smell weed in this drawer talking to sebby 20ya.  tessa 9ya yeah  it smells like my school hallways.  wtf.
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 yellow gummy bears lowkey taste like weed.
 it smell like weed outside
 i wana be weed when i grow up
 i like my weed like my music loud
 all i smoke is loud   yuuuh its gonna blast in ya ears 
 how i sleep knowing her baby daddy locked up because i told the police his car smell like weed 
 like the old lady posted in the group like i tried an smokey eye today and im over here thinking you should never try that again
 so i put a sweet potato in the microwave  i come down stairs and the whole room is filled with smoke and its pourin 
 i wanna smoke but that looks like thats not happening
 holy smokes  hes a toon 
 my cousins car smells like weed but he tried to cover it up 
 has the window open for a fresh breeze the smell of weed wafts in this is n
 if u smoke weed can u watch super high me  like idk im back to trailer park boys
 the smell of weed is like. the smell of pizza. i dont mind it if im consuming it but in the lack of its presence its just. no  get out.
 @arnellarmon oh you like to smoke  @jawuanford voice
 @yellayungn33 chilling fina smoke
 when a roach fits perfectly in my hitter amp it smokes as easy as if it were a blunt  i feel like i won a scratch off of something extravagant
 hits blunt  if weed so bad why do i feel good
 i smoke weed like how people smoke cigarettes but the kush seems to be doing me a lot better
 my roommate been gone and the house still smells like weed.
 lol my moms the real mvp she just sparked up a joint at the ferry with me like it aint no thang amp we smoked our worries away 
 i like the show weeds
 the weed out here is sooo good 
 my friends weed man asked me out and im like no but can i have ur dog
 we would legit go sit on my roof to smoke hella of us sigh good ole days on the wood
 cali got some strong ass weed i feel like my shit was laced bruh my head fucking hurts
 let me put this smoke in your face @rtdoms @womenruleonly @rt4fd  @ebonydompromos @rt4tat2 @rtsubby @rtdumb 
 why westfield smell like weed
 im smoking weed rolling weed im blunted
 hands smell like mad weed
 i leave my grandparents house smelling like i just smoked a pack of cigarettes 
 the entire main hallway smells like straight weed
 @cnn bulls  kids grab a smoke and some booze in a heartbeat lets talk tabbacco and severly addicting booze both are death  and pills
 lirr west hempstead br suspended both ways vehicle on tracks struck by train near westwood station. alternate hempstead or far rockaway
 ima healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 four days and i get to see alex. holy smokes 
 the critic here ... your community elevator and cannabis educator coming soon with more 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 who smoked a blunt in park street station it reeks
 i smell like weed 
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 im at town of hempstead in ny 
 sadly  this state can even screw up the weed industry. nys iloveny timetomove 
 smell this sage  smells just like weed prof
 there is a girl on my floor that secretly smokes a cig in her room every morning and it smells up the whole damn hall 
 smoke so much weed .. i workout and my sweat smells like weed 
 me and her got the same eyes when i smoke the zip
 lmaoo my client said ew do you smell that smells like cheap weed. 
 nigga said he smoke everyday on break at work. i was like that must be some mid. he was like yea  but its that good good tho. lmao stfu
 inhale some marijuana this morning. youll feel better.
 why does clement hall smell like weed right now
 ill provide food and weed
 new music for your smoke sessions coming sooner than you think .
 hmm. weed  great company amp wine sounds about right for this upcoming storm
 its smoke wit lil raleigh forever  they took my homie at 15 years old man
 everyone smokes blunts round school 2 this is where im meant 2 be
 smelling some good weed on this bus.
 i love when my coffee smells like weed 
 @jonnyatawa yeah and how often does the trendy upset pick go up in smoke like p allen on a saturday night
 feels so good to have my own space  i can smoke inside now  amp my honey can come spend the night whenever 
 just enjoy smoking weed and minding my business
 look like we gon have to make weed brownies another time lil nigga
 can someone tell me the best way to get rid of the weed smell out of the car lol
 i smell liquor  smoke  and empty pockets.
 im at town of hempstead in ny 
 just need a traveling buddy that smokes as much weed as me and like to shake ass
 i like my bitches rollin  i like my weed rolled
 just bout a zip to smoke with my brothers 
 it smells like cigarette smoke in my room.. but no one in my house even smokes
 man i smoke nuggets
 how it feel everyone still smokes like its legal soooo 
 someone smoke some kush with me
 im trynna be healthy  so im finna smoke out of a strawberry
 gd it smell like weed  somebody high as hell
 i hear they grow good ganja in hispaniola 
 i hear they grow good ganja in hispaniola 
 @dadmrmad   i hear they grow good ganja in hispaniola  
 @thebonnierotten me either  i yelled at my mom about weed and feel a little bad about it but not really  lol
 someone just said gah damn you smell like that good weed and versace. good observation. 
 rhubarb and smoked strawberries  going low and slow..woodfired thepurplehouse makeitnice 
 this dude came in and smelled like weed and febreze.  
 reading murakami like she savored the nut as i cupped her supple breasts... i have no will to live and life is a mysterious veil of smoke
 i keep smelling weed
 make love  smoke kush  laugh an you will live long
 holy smokes 
 i been in a weed comma for like 3 years
 got no weed with me at work. god please be with me..
 can i sell weed at the farmers market
 but it just any weed....kush
 from the weed house straight to tha strip clubbbb
 when ya girl get to tweaking. just smoke her ass  
 @kianlawley never smoke weed again or never see jc again
 who can i recruit to weed out these evil groundhogs that torture us with this horrendous amp vile weather
 dear nba gods thank you for cavs loss  please bless me again and let them regret waiving bogut and signing a weed smoker wboocoo rust 
 my sister just sent me a voice message that she meant to send to our dad that said  dont smoke a cigarette you stupid idiot. 
 blows my mind that people still try to make me feel like a bad person for smoking weed. issa plant. a god given plant. sit tf down.
 does everyone in nyc have weed my fellow bus passengers look like the beginning of shawnofthedead and smell like halfbaked 
 @glennbeck do you know if they have produced solid evidence yet  or is this more smoke and mirrors. im genuinely curious.
 i hate that all my clothes smell like cigarette smoke..................
 yall be fucking niggas who smoke cigarettes oh my god. d o better
 pls do not smoke anything around my car. the smell makes me nauseous 
 just found out im allergic to weed  but i love smoking so its whatever
 like hey i have a kid and my boyfriend works a lot but im down to smoke and watch movies 
 good weed good weed
 my apartment smells like weed and cologne. its nice.
 i hate that my clothes smell like cigs cuz my friends smoke  thanks guys
 the government is that kid in hs who sells oregano to white kids who dont know what weed looks like 
 i love how my jacket smells like perfume   with that faint smell of weed. what a lovely mixture
 my poo smelled like weed today signsofaburnout
 walk into a smoke filled room   oh no one could keep their eyes off you
 stop smoking weed your clothes smells like it lmfao ok mom ...
 everyone this bus either smell like smoke or beer 
 the man at the corner store by my house be like dania i got new cigars for you i be like nigga i smoke out of the same thing im ok
 tbt to that one time i accidentally left my weed in an uber and i told him if he came back id spark him up lmaooo
 b3| @tysonle38611628 smokes a double to center. 1 on 1 out gbr 
 my dog is losing his vision. can you get your dog a seeing eye dog or do i just shotgun weed smoke at him
 thank god my neighbors smoke alarm has been going off every two minutes because one must always stay alert in trumps america
 uber drivers complain so much like bro just drive me to the homie so i can smoke kush 
 wanna chill with somebody but i look like trash  sound like a chain smoker  and feel like spoiled milk
 wish i could be snowed in with my boo thang and cuddle and smoke but i dont have a boo thang 
 how did ut manage to get hunter hayes for forty acres fest holy smokes 
 i smell like good weed
 b4| @tonetone4848 smokes a double to left plates 2 more. 94 gbr 
 if they got weed  liquor  andor food then yes issa date 
 @cecilebledsoe @jasonrapert @linda4senate @barthester @arsenmissyirvin @thank you for voting for sb357  against smoking marijuana.
 someone was smoking weed in the pasta isle at the store
 ay someone smoke this zip with me
 my neighbors smoke so much weed that i can smell it all the way from my room..
 bout to smoke w my babyyyyyyyy this time is sacred to me goodbye
 this gym locker room smells like b.o  weed and really cheap cologne 
 if i catch my kids smoking weed it better not be my fucking weed
 i was in boulder last summer. i had to smoke cigarettes in back alleys like a criminal  
 hater mad for whatever reason smoke in the air
 my chap stick smells like straight up weed
 alex just reminded me of the time he forgot his phone in the uber so we invited the hot uber driver into my house to smoke 
 i smoke weed in my room  i sit on my floor 2 get wifi and i miss my mom
 im at cannabis farmers market in tacoma  wa  
 ugh. @ super stop amp shop in hempstead  ny 
 @briesbutler holy smokes that was a good one
 still dont smoke but i smell like my friends
 ill be back in june bitchhhhhh so have yall weed mans ready 
 something about ravens face just makes me think she smokes cigarettes. she looks like a pack a day with pbr on the side typeogal
 holy smokes the train in waterloo just made the creepiest sound ive ever heard in my life 
 its always the old people apartments that be smelling like weed  
 yellow gummy bears taste like weed
 if were being honest temple smokes mids
 i think the gov. is making weed seem more harmful in order to tax on it even more.....idk. imhighrn
 my thrift store jacket smells like a 47yo smoker but idc idc im wearing it anyway 
 if you smoke like i smoke then ya high like everyday
 kushback in denton rn. hmu if you tryna smoke 
 yo this weed in a can is revolutionary... never smelled such dank bud
 when i tell you im busting a mission to la as soon as im able to smoke again boy 
 @bjjasinski whoa whoa whoa  lets shut that rumor down right away. if that announcement ever comes  there will be more smoke bombs.
 kids are like spiders  you have to let them grow but you gotta pick out the weeds my uncle
 need weed but i dont feel like driving
 i swear our house either smells like weed  cigarettes  or weird indian food  isitsummeryet
 lindsay done threw all the weed out the window lord jesus
 i swear this house either smells like weed  cigarettes or weird indian food  isitsummeryet
 seems like you are blowing smoke up our a. 
 i got on the bus and the driver was like ooo girl youre loud youre gonna have me smellin like weed 
 @mamabearty yeah anger management it was straight but weed was better
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli 
 im at scorpion hookah lounge in hempstead  ny 
 it blows my mind that communities of east central indiana get so excited over busting kids with marijuana  as if its whats ruining lives
 tory lanez music will always be so dope to me . like i could dead vibe and smoke in my room by mysef to his music and be so happy and chill.
 to whoever smokes cigs in their room in cargo  plz stop its disgusting and makes my room smell
 it smells like weed in my room... and i havent been smoking. so confused.
 this smoke be so holy
 lol walk in my house and walk in a cloud of smoke
 @staceofbase you sure that wasnt the weed
 why women gotta smoke weed to get good music taste i dont get it
 tell my kid to go inside so we can smoke 
 i thought out loud i smell weed and someone came and passed me the joint 
 i feel like the happier you are as a person makes you higher when you smoke
 your wcw smoke in the car with her kids
 its smells like weed all over campus and i aint even tokin
 i just noticed but while my entire house was filled with black smoke... not one single  smoke detector went off lol ok.
 read more about boutique hotel trailblazer anouska hempel is back at it in introspective on @1stdibs 
 it smells like weed crazy in my house i bet mom is smoking that phat kush
 i smoke not all the time  my money game good my family and i are good  i have god in my life. so yes i will smoke a wood
 national geographic channel amp weed amp notebook amp drawing.
 every time i smoke weed i feel like im dying
 got a chick  i call her lola she feel like the ocean like to drink and smoke some doja and i feel like smokin russy russ russ 
 nigga use to smoke loud now he on that dog food 
 theres literally nothing wrong with a little weed and some booze. like  do whatever you want
 i smell like smoke and good cologne
 i wanna smoke with nicki. i feel like she would have me fucking rolling. 
 weirdly i like smoking when im sick cause i cough a lot more and get high with less weed
 my dad why u smell like weed    me 
 smoking in my car because daddy wont let me smoke in the house
 trendy urban weird kids dont smoke kush they only smoke stoges lmao 
 my sweet coworker tells me he knows all the connections in his complex amp i was like like weed and stuff or
 lol the sound of my voice made you think i smoke weed  clearly youre stupid. 
 2 weed makes me feel crazy.
 my floors bathroom always smells like weed  pizza  or both
 my mom literally made me leave her house right now at midnight because she smelled weed
 like get up  make some money. gimme some weed wtf 
 yea they can they have smoke shop in p town were h can grab whatever blunts  
 now i feel like im tripping balls...i have now come to conclusion that weed takes me to that next level that i always thought was...
 good weed  good food amp good head
 i feel like i just smoked hella food
 alex is going to make me smoke by myself 
 mama say it smell like weed in the whole house ya bitch cause i came up here loaded fulla dat gas
 not even kidding  this entire floor smells of weed 
 bro smell like a pound of weed 
 get you a cute and fat dog like smokey. 
 music amp weed
 im tight kodak black has hot beats  but sounds like a 45 year old mom that smokes.
 you smell like smoke nigga i am smoke
 i had to smoke before being w these kids all morning
 me partaking in selfcare is mostly just smoking weed and showering
 someone in this waiting room smells like weed
 that weed had mimi going crazy  @shawnaybaby @cheekyt18 
 damn my car still smells like marijuana
 wish i had a weed endorsement 
 blows my mind a 13 yr old is smokin weed and drinkin just to prove shes not a little kid. like no  that is not okay. these kids are wild.
 stoned sex requires extra lube  and other things i learned from temples marijuana course  
 im not gon do sexual turn ons lol but i fw people who vibe matches mine and smoke weed 
 it isnt your grandmas marijuana if you think you know it all about mj..take some training. thanks opd for keepin 
 good sex good weed good life
 still straight with the weed and the liquor these days cause the new drugs got the kids trippin these days
 how does one smoke dick id like to know
 oh god i didnt stock up on liquor nor weed...........damn
 my hoodie smells like weed but i dont smoke 
 it smells like weed at the office today.
 if only i lived in some normal apts where i can smoke a blunt on my stairs
 i mean it seems like pretty good financial advice to not pick up weed if u only got 10 on a sack ion think hes ma 
 i smell like straight weed rn srry not srry
 the sunken place in get out is the perf representation of how smoking weed makes me feel
 @olganyc1211 something smells very fishy. first  smokescreen tweet  one china phone call distract trumpchina  
 the whole cafeteria smell like weed in third lunch 
 my whole apartment smells like weed. i guess everyone staying home today is blazing hard... blizzard2017
 my whole apartment smells like weed. i guess everyone staying home today is blazing hard... blizzard2017
 when you have weed but smoking alone isnt the same as smoking with @putzonathong @mptyanna 
 imo  @beerlgebeauty is a smoke show
 temptation to smoke out my window 
 maybe you shouldnt have marijuana in your car white at school in the first place... 
 holy smokes  
 if u like that joke you are pro weed
 @bwsmith3 feel bad plot twist you didnt actually bring any smoked chicken to work.
 5 the strange conductor who got way too excited for smoke breaks and who whispered ice cold beer over the speaker at 7 am has left.
 @robtheturtle ahahaha we made that whole place smell like weed
 all they like to do is smoke im straight 
 straight back yard boogie. my old ass cousin smokes that shit 
 you can be remote amp small  but just as connected as big smoke @decius says localgov need to take cyber issues seriously csmsxsw sxsw
 i dont smoke weed but if you came into my apartment you would think i did because the neighbors smoke so much it smells my place up lmao
 the guy with the loud ass kids always playing outside talking to another guy with loud ass kids saying they always smell weed
 that government marijuana looks like fucking grass that was tossed out a lawnmower son 
 i used to think it was so weird how the smell of weed smells like scuba diving equipment to me
 everytime i listen to ganja white night on campus i get weird looks cause im always throwin down some wacky dance moves
 bruh that picture on the right cannot be marijuana  shit looks like straight up grass from the front yard  
 when you walk outside to enjoy a nice day and all you smell is your apartment neighbors cancer stick smoke.. 
 @fivefootk the gov weed look like guinea pig food 
 i smell like so much weed 
 this hangover isnt goin away so looks like im jus bout to smoke all day
 @tatumannefisher they smoked in the house so now my house smells like cigarettes. im pissed
 i sound like i fucking drank too much last night. but i only smoked 
 brrrr....nugreen permafrost at cannabis country store.  experience the nugreen difference @c4uwa craftcannabis 
 yea  good food and good weed 
 when will i stop smelling like weed probably never tbh.
 this looks like it would give me a headache if i smoked it 
 niggas be nervous to smoke in weird places
 lmao my teacher is telling us how the weed strain purple haze was made
 @trey180 imma just have to smoke you out my good friend
 wake up  go to school  lunch  pick up weed  back to school to work   salsa dance class  then home... holy wow am bizzy 2day
 cleared incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w1  brush hollow road sb to exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line
 cleared incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w1  brush hollow road sb to exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line
 biiiiiih. you busy fkn wit hoes amp lil girls. smoke you better get you a grown woman with  kids 
 imagine telling your kid your dad left us right after you were born and thought weed and hoes was was better then us like 
 my uber driver wants to open up a weed hotel 
 like you better had went and got the best weed 
 nothing like going into the restroom at work and it smells like weed customerhasthemunchies nomnomnom
 me and the homeboy smoked out his room and his mom came home for lunch.. but she aint even trip she asked if we were hungry.  fucking
 someone that smells or blows cigarette smoke near me. or the sightsmell of vomit. 
 if the skank next door could stop smoking weed and making my room reek  thatd be great. fuckyou
 if a girl smoke weed her pussy taste like expired herbalife tea and low expectations
 i could smoke whole pound in my car and it still wont smell like weed
 my patient reeks like newports and bottom shelf weed 
 finally got to smoke after work amp i feel so good 
 my weed smell like chocolate cause it was in his chocolate pocket 
 @davidjsanders thank you for voting for sb357 against smoking marijuana.
 i went to go look in the mirror to see if i smelled like weed  
 lots of people in our hall smoke. we all lookout for each other   random guy knocks on door hey can you keep it down. its a little loud
 cant tell if everyone else smells like weed or if its me
 after you start vaping and you try to smoke a cigarette  does it make you feel sick
 would you smoke with your kids
 i feel like i just smoked like 10 blunts.
 my mom said i smell like smoke
 my trashy neighbor is the worst. she just swears at her dog all day while she smokes. 
 @arjeter oh really ha i should watch it tonight. im being shunned for making the whole floor smell like smoke.
 if this window open it would make for a perfect smoke sesh 
 my first acai bowl  minus the hemp pretty good 
 my chapstick smells like weed
 t3| @mattdailey23 smokes a double to right center. 1 on 1 out gbr
 smoke your own smoke and grow your own daisies mend your own fences and own your own crazy mind your own biscuits and life will be gravy 
 i told my doctor i smoke twice a day with my parents in the room hahaha bouta get my ass whooped when i get home
 @joopjoopsmash oh weed p i always stop there on my road trips
 just told kolt i wanted a pound of broccoli and he flipped shit bc he thought i was talking about weed when i legit meant broccoli 
 finaldestination  friday march 17th  pull up on us and win you some money  weed  or lean doors open 
 i feel like lupin the third smoking weed is cosmic payback for 2bs butthole not being real
 convicted weed dealer to crossfit trainer to gym owner. only in vegas. httpst.co3gmo4szl6b projectfitnesslv vegaslocals fitness
 each and every wednesday theme st. pattys day @ otl smoke shop amp lounge 
 my 10 yr old brother thought wyd meant weed  i guess if you sound it out it sounds like it 
 stay down until you elevate.. @ smokes 2 
 stay down until you elevate.. @ smokes 2 
 im prolly mad coz my neighbor  whose balcony is like right by my balcony door  wont stop smoking. i blame 2nd hand smoke for my rage
 smoking hella weed
 just put some clothes in the washer and the dryer in my building blew up. literally. a spray of sparks. fire. smoke 
 @icejjfish thats such b.s. and anyone who follows you knows you like 1. females 2. weed and 3. music
 thank god my mom lets me smoke cuz if not ill be outside facing this
 holy smokes  what a save by greiss. isles
 holy smokes 
 when theres weed in the room 
 good luck to smoke and mark hall 757rulesthenation 
 my house smells like buffalo steak smoke.
 they smoke hella kush out here
 i smell weed
 one time i made mr. maleys whole classroom smell like weed 
 i smoke a whole lot of weed
 girl u smell like marijuana i didnt even know u smoke loud 
 why government marijuana look like pea shells 
 the more i think about it the more i want to grow weed professionally
 like if you dont know @kionu and you play ffxiv do you just smock weed idiot xd
 holy smokes. 
 the weed gods neva let me down lmao
 cant breathe through my nose and it sounds like i smoke 5 packs a day. 
 im otp with my mom and mikayla come up to be smelling like weed  my momma gone yell thats that loud 
 rachel maddow  looks like she found a bag of weed
 my favorite place to smoke is in my room on my bed
 @issuedirect rothparis ready for chain smokers 
 in front of my house isnt the smoke spot for the whole community
 there goes the whole floor outside to smoke again.
 i hate cigarettes so much but i always smell like them because all my friends smoke and every guy i date smokes wtf no sense
 good vibes. good weed. good sex.  
 one of the elevators in par smells like when someone smokes weird in their room but tries to cover it up with 71 sprays of febreze
 holy smokes the @flapanthers are killing the leafs 72 lol my brother doesnt like that
 gimme my weed bro...
 me and javari just sit @the park and smoke and judge the parents that dont watch their kids
 looks and sounds like an oxymoron rt @505suthrnguido that government weed looks like something oscar the grouch would shit out
 bipartisan bill to open the industrial hemp market in nm passed the house by vote of 651 nmleg
 i like to mix the smoke with the drink. no wonder why im always leaning
 if you smoke hella flavored white owlsswishers youre mad corny and i dont respect your smoke at all
 holy smokes. 
 we look like weed  we smell like weed  we are weedheads 
 update smoked a dutch of sour with my mom. shes in the other room making weird noises and laughing her ass off.
 sounds like a smoke out to me 
 this kidney stone has made me puke every time i smell or taste smoke so now cigs sound repulsive to me but unfortunately so does weed lol
 gotta pick my grandpop up from the airport and of course my car smells like weed .... not cool 
 idiot yo watch my truck pump out this sick smoke  me thats environmentally harmful im uninterested
 holy smokes  
 like smoke   i hung around in the unbalanced   like smoke   like smoke   like smoke   like smoke  
 straight smoke 
 came thru smoked a nigga out and left me some weed 
 i came home from work amp my mom said i smell like weed amp went to go get a drug test i dont even smoke weed so she is gonna look so dumb 
 absolutely cannot stand my loud  filling my apartment with cigarette smoke  going in and out the balcony door downstairs ass neighbor 
 government marijuana looks like fuckin mids 
 but.... why is it that every time my dog farts it smells like weed
 when greentext nick has your weed and promises you can pick it up at 1130 
 sf is opening a marijuana gym. why dont i live there
 why kids be getting mad over cod lmao i did not throw emps nor smokes
 @brinadiane it aint like midnight and cigarette smoke  i guess some things just dont mix like you hoped  like me and you
 i swear i smell weed.
 the people who live below me are smoking weed and blowing it into their bathroom vent but now my room smells bc they dont understand hvac
 yo i aint smoke in like 40 days lol i forgot what it feels like to be high
 i think i enjoy smoking weed now
 the smell of cigarette smoke reminds me of your tongue down my throat
 this dude deezy got my car smelling like straight weed 
 now mate really looks like weed  
 if your room already smells like weed they dont know youre smoking
 watching trailer park boys hahaha ricky is fucking hilarious n bubbles is so cuteyou son of a whore hahahaha smokes now come on haha
 why my cousin eat 4 weed cookies at once  i only made him 14  he slow lmfao
 if you smoke flavored gars block me
 i made 20 rn off of selling weed inside 24 hour fitness 
 lips smelling like weed
 i can smoke in the room but no   its too nice in there lol
 why the hell am i smelling smoke
 pull my bud out the prescription bottle smoke it up and then im hollow 
 i had half a 8th left i was soooo mad rlly tried to smoke it all before i came lmao
 @allibreen  i got sun burned mowing weeds.
 my farts smell like weed
 my step dad tells me my room smells like weed  thx i didnt know.
 just to smoke .. like
 holy smokes 
 i cant strand the smell of cigarette smoke
 there was the smallest nug of weed left in my pipe after not being here for 3 months and i feel like that was a direct blessing from god
 my controller smells like hella weed
 if a cop killed my dog just for being   a dog hes getting smoked   his kids   his wife  his brothers   his momma. im coming for his life
 i be feeling like im allergic to weed 
 came back to room to smoke  about to head back out to strip  might accidentally drop something amp make her bend ov 
 why is it that when i hurt i just smoke and laugh about it but low key it really be fucking hurting.
  did you get to see dr. kevin sabet speak about marijuana policy must watch. a true expert groton
 why does my mom have to look at smoking weed like doing crack seriously gotta move out now l o l
 lol i let the pac get the best of me now im literally sick if i dont smoke
 @snoopdogg bad dog  bad bad dog. secret service is going to bust your weed supply
 my eyes are so swollen from working in the smoke all night  that it looks like i got the worst news of my life and cried the entire night..
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 @michiganinsider just purchased my smoke barbeque gift card  doubled me up
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 this is why i dont smoke with my white facebook friends because they say weird shit like this. like just hit the b 
 amp this other guy smells like weed. so now all i smell is weed and peanut butter and its disgusting.
 feels so good i might just smoke this blunt outdoors
 every morning i be smelling dank asf and my mom finally asked if i smoked this morning lol
 im out of weed and i cant even go pick up because berthas in the shop  im sad
 good company and good weed is all i need
 @perarl sleep  throw up  tylenol  bc powder  weed  more of the same liqour  beer  gatorade  shower  greasy food  etc.  but ultimately time.
 why does my garage smell like weed 
 @monoxide420life thats bogus it was only weed 4 gods sake
 getting an oil change and im watching this guy tell the other guys to come and smell my car because it smells like weed.
 this guy just walked into our yoga class and he just straight reeks of weed and no one can even pretend to ignore it
 idiot saw reefer madness as a documentary when he was kid 
 i was about to step outside to smoke but wanted by hunter hayes came on the radio so ima chill a second 
 they said snoop dog is a role model for kids  snoop always had weed amp killing in his videos  this nothing new  y 
 i came into work smelling like loud and all my boss said was you got sum to smoke out of 
 we live in a golden age.  makeyourownsaga @reyescigars sagaambassador @ blue smoke of dallas 
 i left my weed all out in the fucking open in my room 
 typical day  walking outside and it smells like that weed
 first time ever my @uber driver and car smell like smoke. fail 
 god made dirt dirt dont hurt god made weed weed dont make you bleed
 right waste known to exist cut budgets by suspected  let depts weed it out themselves use what they get  frugally 
 yeah marijuana ruining lives right and left sarcasmfont at least marijuana ruining diets right and left. 
 this guy is talking to me about yea man have you been too denver they got good weed out there etc. im just like i dont care leave 
 who wnts 2 smoke a blunttt
 just hit those bolts with pb blaster again.... now the place smells of weed and penetrating oil....
 texas got some bammer ass weed where the  at bluhh
 you need to smoke some weed homie 
 my momaw thought my uncle got sprayed by a skunk and he was really hiding weed in his room 
 watching kid cannabis always inspires me vro
 the way things are looking   i feel like our whole front yards not gonna have any weeds by the end of the day 
 mom are you using any herbal remedies right now alex   me does that mean marijuana wrote always and she scribbl 
 i got a whole blunt in my pocket and my mama looking around trying to figure why it smell like weed in here 
 abject misery after reading this weed stores slogan is one 
 those cds look like weed. 
 went to the hood store amp my plug came up to the trucc tryna sell me weed.. in front of my mom 
 it smells like straight weed in my lyft and i wanna be petty like you selling or nah 
 lungs look healthy atleast hes not a smoker. 
 the poll has ended and the results are in. the answer all of the above. this isnt cheech  amp chong   hippy weed a 
 i smell weed  u do   i think its just your hair
 i found cigarette papers in my dads room...  looks like i can smoke some js
 @ericliptonnyt @jullig @pekingmike something was fishy after the one china call and tweet smoke and mirrors now avalanche of china biz
 i sound like a 50 year old smoker 
 went to bad brads  and now my hair smells like a smokehouse.
 do you like a little kick in your coke  do you like it goin up in smoke  do you like it on a gravel road  we can keep it on the down low 
 my house smells like weed... uh wtf
 natural smoke. the photo does no justice like in person. thanks @guytang for the new color to 
 near future is live with norman lear  jessica yellin  and jessi hempel nfs2017 
 @chrisismatter no but fr.i dont even know what it feels like to smoke it by itself  but im gone see soon  i  be drunk amp hi when i do
 icymi industrial hemp bill passes house 031517   nmleg nmpol 
 kate wont let me smoke in her car so im stuck standing outside by myself like a loser
 kate wont let me smoke in her new car so im stuck standing outside by myself like a loser
 @dzepu but you can still smoke right smh. thank god we have had the veil lifted.
 god made dirt  dirt dont hurt  god made weed  weed dont make you bleed
 smoke good weed and make good music
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 1118 hempstead villa ln  houston  tx 77008  329 900 3 beds  3.5 baths 
 study indiana smokers spend extra 350m a year on health care  via @wthrcom
 the elevator in my wing of the residence hall always smells hardcore like cigs with a dash of weed and a hint of miller lite
 love the smell of weed 
 this @cta red line car smells of weed. the whole car is filled with the smell  im trying to guess who the dealer is.
 this administration is all about deregulation until it comes to abortion  marijuana  trans rights  etc
 holy smokes
 it smells like weed here
 my coworker says i look hot when i smoke ciggs and im like 
 @karaclark @andy i do smoke pot on occasion  however   it  greatly affects your memory. its all so awful for kids brains
 what does fake weed smell like
 god made dirt  dirt dont hurt. god made weed  weed dont make you bleed
 had to smoke one for the homie 
 i been learned that all weed that smell like gas do not hit like gas 
 why does everyone on bgc smoke cigarettes
 a guest just came up to the front desk and he reeked like marijuana 
 god made dirt. dirt dont hurt. god made weed. weed dont make you bleed
 stsmokeshopwinrock stsmokeshop glasstrappin @ st smoke shop 
 the cali weed must be some good kush. or whatever the ball family has. 
 @ashtoncigar great smoke. loving it. 
 glasstrappin stsmokeshopwinrock @ st smoke shop 
 i try not to smoke weed when im doing a photoshoot but with that said its always super rad when my models smoke me out
 this beach smells like weed. @ ocean beach  san francisco 
 i hate when my car smells like weed
 i just watched the movie arrival. holy smokes. so good. like...so good. im still thinking about it. mind. blown.
 my moma wana come to me about why my purse smell like weed 
 checo said why you got my house smelling like weed and whatever you got gon have you real groovy tn 
 ran over a dead skunk yesterday and now my car smells like weed.. 
 nothing like the smell of green soap n cigarette smoke when you go to a tattoo parlor
 @uber you guys just let anyone with any car drive in nashville huh holy smokes
 i have liquor and weed im good off everybody .
 god made dirt   dirt dont hurt. god made weed  weed dont make you bleed.
 why does my job constantly smell like weed 
 i really need some weed but i dont feel like going outwest tonight.
 how entrepreneurs are helping consumers enjoy cannabis discreetly  
 lmao if  @jeffsessions thinks you can overdose on marijuana  then you my sir are a fucking idiot
 pizza and weed will always be my thing 
 dog my dorm smells like nothing but weed. 
 my mom is so rude she just told me my breath smell like weed
 god made weed sessions on some other ish 
 roger federer straight up smokes rafa nadal 2 and 3 to reach the indian wells qfs vs nick kyrgios. 
 holy smokes. 
 who needs kush medical only 2 strains got diablo purp and og kush from he west coast lmk the best smoke got ba 
 you would think dave started a campfire downstairs considering the whole house smells like smoke.
 you can smell the smoke from here @lexxxpope
 i swear this weed tastes like fruity pepples.
 you ever lay in front of your floor to ceiling window in your master bedroom drinking hennessy  smoking weed and listening to future  yng
 @kayteenicole97 the urban decay smoked eye shadow pallete
 im going to grow my own marijuana.
 holy smokes. @stickstarreport is everywhere. marchmaddness 
 my car smells like four lokos and weed
 eu chemical agency says weed killer glyphosate not carcinogenic  
 does anyone know any good marijuana crockpot recipes
 good weed 
 this weed smell outside smell so good im  over here craving it and shit
 got that whole body cough sore throat smokers voice could sleep for days why god why thing going on. good night.
 i wish i can lived in those fantasy lands where parents let their kids smoke in the house and let their bfgf sleep over
 holy smokes designatedsurvivor just got real wow
 holy smokes designatedsurvivor
 im at lirr  hempstead station  @lirrdeals4u in hempstead  ny 
 thank god 4 weed
 anytime my little sister tells me my breath smells like smoke  i feel like im about to get kicked.
 god made dirt  dirt dont make you hurt. god made weed  weed dont make you bleed
 pretty sure my neighbor is smoking weed cause it smells like theyre smoking in my yard.
 i left my bathroom open and now my bathroom smells like weed stupid neighbors.
 you know youre in cali when everywhere you go smells like weed 
 my dad was like u like smoking cigarettes and im like nah and my mom then was like nah she smokes weed hahahajajskss 
 the truck smells like weed i really hope my parents dont ask to drive it 
 i feel like im going crazy i need to leave and smoke
 god made dirt  dirt dont hurt god made weed  weed dont make you bleed
 @dandester kid cannabis
 really wish my hallway didnt smell like weed every damn night
 smells like weed... how romantic. . . . view vancity aboutlastnight seawall vancouver 
 i just smoke healthy 
 all i listen to is music you smoke too gr8 vibing music 
 i smell weed  probably ppl next door are doing the thing
 swear cali is where its at. sittin in a pizza shop n were talkin bout what strains of weed we like the most with the employees and owner
 how you gonna steal weed off your brother like that  even then not see if they got a camera in his house  these fools wild
 sometimes i feel like i watch the simpsons a lot for someone who doesnt regularly consume marijuana.
 its like i got so much to loose if i smoke. i feel like thats god saying  i got something in store for you 
 i need to smoke a couple of joints to sleep good i feel like shit 
 why does muncie smell like weed lol
 ima grow my own weed
 u ever smoke the weeds on the 38th floor in a 38 floor building oh
 thank you god for having my own room  two cool  black roommates and they both smoke
 kids have such a wonderful outlook on life  they see weeds as wishes 
 always down to smoke
 thank god for cannabis
 @vendaai like.... trans bathroom laws states rights 2sec later abt legal weed um sorry we gotta step in here
 holy smokes. 
 cant smoke with the god  
 i want to smoke but im not tryna walk down to my basement 
 whenever i hotbox  i like to sit in the smoke and just chill. i feel like it make me higher 
 like  lets look at schedule i cannabis  not even touching it. lsd  invented by nazis for torture  yet surprisingly unsuccessful at it.
 its lil kodak  the finesse kid boy who hot as me told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli 
 it smells like some dank weed on my floor
 the only dating service was together on hemp. turnpike. levittown beforetheinternetexisted
 i keep sayin  it smell like weed  but lol totally forgot
 if you see a cloud of smoke off of i75 in scott county  its a house fire off of frogtown road. good news is dad  mom and baby made it out.
 246 am. a man said good morning to me while having an after drunk sex smoke. what
 to the land of darkness and none is able still to shine. only  as from ames of the grave  there passes then overhead a wisp of golden smoke
 is it me or does the title zeldabreathofthewild sound like a sorority night of heavy binge drinking  weed smoking an multiple dick sucking
 a pro torture  anti marijuana administration... no thank you. 
 nothing like the smell like bologna and weed in the morning
 dear church girls  your boyfriends smoke weed behind your backs
 my first period smells like cigarette smoke everyday
 someone smells like weed but idk who
 thoughts from driving in this morning holy smokes they actually obeyed the dont walk signal 
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 so in tune on weed feel as actually feel like clock but like an iced box b crystal gotta love russia many same danciing faster than u most
 when u open the water from last night and it smells like weed
 the smell of weed makes me sick af
 why does trump want to see the us go up in smoke like why 
 the sweet smell of weed in the morning
 this one is no joke...10 total rounds @220 amp im smoked @555fitness firefit firefighter firefighterfitness 
 not a good sign when the train conductor says  the smoke should clear out in just a moment.
 holy smokes  
 up in smoke  kushamp puzzy
 got a chick i call her lola she feel like the ocean like to drink amp smoke some doja amp i feel like smoking plus she good at charmin cobras
 it smells like straight weed in my grandpas car lolllll
 god made weed   weed dont make you make bleed .
 say a prayer  light a candle  do a dance  send vibes  send smoke signals  whatever got big things coming my way faithful hopeful
 im mad that my baby didnt leave weed in car like usually....
 someone on this plane smells like straight up weed lol
 rp  @selecta7thursday march 30th save the date l.a.s cannabis night club lit lounge 
 holy smokes did i fill out a wrong form pcc replied back offering me exhibit hall space for 875 jeeeezusss
 parents who smoke cigs in the car or the house are putting their kids at a social disadvantage by decreasing the quality of their hygiene.
 god mad dirt  dirt dont hurt god made weed  weed dont make you bleed 
 i smell like straight weed
 im down here enjoying this fresh air and good ass weed
 i smoke that pack like jamaicans   my eyes real low like im asian .
 been wondering why ive smelt weed in like  every class  but then i realize my whole jacket smells like bud so 
 i like good weed  i like bad bitches that can roll it uppppp 
 there really needs to be a smoking or nonsmoking car option on @uber nobody likes smelling like smoke for the rest of the day
 all the clothes in the garage smells like weed
 pot smoke gives me such a complex  its like does everyone smell me do they not got called out and embarrassed yesterday about it
 smell that good weed then you know wassup
 why do all my classes smell like marijuana
 music i smoke to 
 cannot stand the smell of cigarette smoke man 
 i sound like i smoke a pack a day...
 it smells like straight weed in baxley rn
 wow just saw a list of tweets about how writers will never be able to support themselves. way to weed out the weak. didntdiscourageme haha
 i sound like i smoke a pack a day without my voice 
 congrats to the hempfield symphony strings superior rating at music performance assessment beinggreat 
 my purse smells like weed 
 where do you think kevin gates gets his weed from
 damn  my car still smells like marijuana
 put on some 90s music and smoke weed
 @nickservatius from smoke inhalation mostly nick.
 its crazy how these white folks be coked out and say that like a accomplishment but let me just think about weed im getting locked up .
 god made dirt  it dont hurt god made weed  it dont make you bleed 
 a pedophile deacon  a cheating deacon  the choir directors husband is gay  the church kids smoking weed lol.. like wtf
 damn dude door almost fell off when i opened the door .. how u certified to drive for lyft this car smell like burnt weed
 my car smells like weed 
 squad shit  lotta laughs  weed  good music and vibes and dranks 
 eat  smoke  hookah and dance with us @luvloungeatl tonight from 4pm until 1230am  ojayswag @ 
 why does disneyland smell like weed
 you can definitely see and smell the smoke here in carolina beach. ncwx encwx 
 this bus smells like weed and sunscreen
 whats happening here  is this weed 
 i have like this good girl   nice grades  working side and then the hood music   weed smoking   goofy side 
 been tryna find my connection wit god  thats why im hiding behind this marijuana 
 i would love to smoke the rest of this tree before i leave ny but that doesnt look like its gonna happen 
 @mostly50shades smell smoke when you think i turned it amp said no he is mistaken amp smelled his upper lip the guys started cracking up
 no matter how many cigarettes alex turner smokes or how much grease he puts in his hair  the old arctic monkeys music is still cooler to me
 somebody brought back a car that smells like weed and its on the gospel station lmfaooo
 austin smell like weed
 its beautiful outside really good wit good smoke yadiggg
 do you grow your own weed  no its a plant it grows itself
 stay tuned for live tweetspix coming up from nys hottest new smokehouse  the beast ny  opening sunday in monsey.  get ready to drool
 wait why does my car still smell like weed oh the people next to me are smoking. just colorado things
 only go to my brothers house to smoke his weed 
 ima healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 smells like weed outside of work
 it aggs me when people call weed dope. dope just sound so trash like ugh....
 middle tennessee is so good holy smokes
 the smell of alcohol and marijuana makes me sick to my stomach.
 forreal though.. how can people smoke cigs in their car with the windows up
 la fitness locker rooms stay smellin of straight weed 
 if anyone would like to smoke with me. i can smoke u til like 910 tonight
 @grathejamaican smoke 
 smokin on the most high like holy smokes
 holy smokes yall pray for that kid from vandy hopefully he will be able to get passed that mistake but it wont be easy
 today tovey was like  im starting to think you girls go smoke some weed during lunch to me and angeles 
 i walk into work and the first thing they ask me is why do i smell like weed
 so happy my neighbors finally splurged on better weed  my apartments doorway smells so much better now.
 kenny told me im grumpy and have an attitude when im not smoking weed 
 when youre walking down 16th street and the stench of marijuana is spewing out of 90 of the houses 
 living in a duplex isnt too bad unless your neighbor is a pot head amp it makes your house smell like weed all of the time
 me oh wow you smell that  mom wow  yeah thats either a skunk or a party.  me well maybe its a bunch of bad skunks smoking marijuana
 cmon austin can you guys not smoke cigs everywhere
 @lalalast will it still be a smoke free room
 i was so pissed off wednesday about this. smoke coming from my ears 
 whoa the link rail is weed central. smells like my old bus. must be a pot shop close lightlinkrail
 free passes on deck 4 stloungehtx fwm at stsmokeshopwinrock @ st smoke shop 
 so like devin and cody are now finally smoking in the apartment and it was so nice to be able to smoke inside today
 u like meat u like free samples come 2 the york farmers market tmrwsunday between 114 to try some sick smoked m 
 sip good  smoke good  feel good  cigars bourbon blantons 
 for the record  you idiot  i think marijuana should either be legal nationally or left to the states. 
 oh i think they like me  in my white tee  oh no no no baby smoke so much dope need some visine
 imthiskindofnightout smokey and the bandit chase scenes
 woahdere .. niggas cant even get weed legalized everywhere ... 
 heard in womens locker room if you still smoke weed after college you might as well be shooting heroin  my re 
 a taco bell employee smoked right outside the front door  forcing me to walk around to the other door.  like girl at least try to care.
 @loveabilities @nesskinz @qewdi holy smokes.....
 god made dirt  dirt dont hurt. god made weed  weed dont make you bleed.
 this weed hunter got smells like a freshly cut grapefruit 
 another reason marijuana should be legalized in the usa. healthbenefits happierpeople lessstress createmorejobs 
 why cant god amp marijuana be a thing  this is a good thing. 
 first 3 months of first semester i used to walk in my old room smelling like weed from wednesdaysunday every week 
 i walked into my house it smelled like straight weed 
 @bradfisher11 @bleacherreport seems like just smoke  right
 thank you @theblaze and @glennbeck for giving medical cannabis the respect it and its patients deserve. sb269 
 when im not high i dont like the way anything taste .. then when i smoke im not hungry at all
 i say aint no music on  he said nah that weed is loud 
 sb109 enroll industrial hemp animal feed 
 thank god for weed.
 goddamn i hate opening my door to almost be knocked back by how much the hall smells like weed thx roommate
 is this weed or broccoli
 @heyyyykp weed and anything @kettlebrand makes
 if you ever come to texas smell everyones weed it all smells the same
 i smoke good 
 blew out my vanilla scented candle so my room smells like vanilla and candle smoke and i really want a piece of cake now 
 good weed good food great conversation. we both leave feeling better than when we met... or we fuck. either way. 
 someones smoking weed in the venue and it literally smells like broccoli. im concerned. 
 oh my god im out of weed at the worst time
 i feel so sickkkk someone come smoke a b with me so i feel better
 smells like weed amp cow poop bailey 
 bruh i think my homie pissed at me cuz i called his weed bad... not my fault you waistin 150 for a weak ass zip
 holy smokes it went in.
 god made weed  weed dont make you bleed
 car smells like straight ganja
 i smoke broccoli its good for my health
 its fucking nice out whos tryna chill smoke some loud feel me.. i got loud hml either dm me or hml bro i got loud im tryna smoke  
 where the weed at in denton 
 my cousin smell like straight weed lmfao
 i smell like a pound of weed  and i aint even smoke
 love walking down the street in my city with the smell of someone elses weed in the air 
 im at scorpion hookah lounge in hempstead  ny 
 whenever i smoke weed now i go into a paralytic stasis where i think about goverment conspiracies on my bed for 3 hours
 aunt running with isabelle is like..... running with someone whos smoked their entire life... and her grandmas entire life....
 does this dog even smoke weed 
 my house smells like straight weed 
 that weed look  
 @jfusfield holy smokes  i just read that. man  unreal.
 the weed idol 
 this old ass white guy just said he had a secret stash of marijuana lol
 when you cant smoke and all you smell is loud.....
 raleigh going to smell like smoke for 2days  im sure
 @sheeeeriex3 u should smoke straight 0mg menthol from a mod. it works even better than halls
 i feel like this put whoever smoke on blast  
 i can feel smoke coming out my ears
 im just mad because of the roaches  the washer  dryer and lights are always on  and the whole house smells of smoke. we had 0 problems. 
 we had to switch rooms because it smelled like weed were def in colorado
 me when i smell weed from my neighbors backyard 
 and if im really really hurt i might burn through a whole pack of smokes
 kids pull out weed in communal hot tub @jasonwigginton  smells like skunk
 i really need some weed   i feel like a clucker   but whatever
 now that imm not stoned 247 i never make weed jokes i missed this
 smokes weed so im not as socially awkward
 hats on deck stsmokeshopwinrock @ st smoke shop 
 holy smokes 
 if only i were a smoker  i feel like they get some of the best sleep. and im jealous lol.
 fuck that. just gimme some weed 
 my uber car smells like a casino that you can smoke in
 i smoke weed everyday... 2 great paying jobs  in school and teach and learn dance   sounds unproductive to you .. 
 still feels weird telling people i dont smoke weed no more  everybody be tryna smoke with the kid and im just like 
 holy smokes  
 my neighbors chain smoke directly outside my bedroom window and are so fucking loud. i dont want to hear about how 
 y girls scout cookies so live amp y the weed so live
 fucking dog ate my weed
 nigga.... da pussy look like it smoke a pack a day 
 im taking dabs at my moms house in her room spraying cologne every time i exhale my smoke so it doesnt smell like oil.
 holy smokes 
 lava line is so long. dont love holding holding it. weed smelling individuals everywhere. dont come near me. im not a savage. bye. xoxoxo
 look at me inside the white house with a pocket full of weed in the white house  rick ross
 they treat me like a bum that just smokes all day and does nothing with their life.
 im oceanside in venice  california and most of the smells are of weed. i smell it wafting through the window of my hotel room. good lawd.
 outside is cold . amp i dont feel like walking too my brother car too smoke  so ill wait till 111130 before school 
 get out of the car  smells like weed. hello seattle.
 it smells like bud out my window lol and its been years since i smoked out but i got to say. it smells pretty good
 a natty nasturtium for flowerfriday  love how they grow like weeds around here. urban wild 
 @jasminerscott bro i need to smoke this pussiness away 
 i just wanna step outside and smoke but my mom knows when i be coming in the house hi and she just be trippin.
 i smell like smoke 
 when you leave the club and your hair smell like weed and cigarettes 
 gmakapuso abroad legally blind congrats mikael janine weeding.    lbmarrymegrace 
 i always smoke in my room at night amp im waiting for the day that my mom isnt sleep amp busts in
 awesome i saw him in concert back in 2006. i remember the concert hall smelling like weed and i loved it lol 
 you look like a disappointed ass mom about to go pick up her son from school because he got caught with weed 
 i smoked this whole king raw and im here cleaning my room lol
 @kevinsabet if it werent weed  theyd be drinking i am a grandmother. i told my kids  id prefer they toke than drink. i live in wa
 it feels nice to finally have weed again 
 @kiwancombs oh do u smoke or something
 she said august i never been this wet  in a room rolling weed playing dipset 
 i like my weed the way i like my rice... sticky
 elevator smells like creed and weed. 
 me amp alari smoked two backwoods then was knocked at like 7 like some rookies
 god made dirt  dirt dont hurt  god made weed  weed dont make you bleed.
 mom just brought me plate of weed cookies to work 
 why my uber driver smell like weed
 can u smoke before going 2 the dentist like will they kno u r hi or like whut  i dnt think so
 hb144 enroll industrial hemp research rules 
 i came to my car to smoke a blunt and my sister text me this.  
 i juss smoked some kush amp i feel like i drunk some coffee
 @zomdadon this is why i dont smoke indica 
 th whole commons area smell like weed
 sb6 enroll industrial hemp research rules 
 im finna smoke amp be knocked out lol.
 you can see the smoke from raleigh outside
 i keep smelling weed so im looking around and shit i sniff myself i smell like straight gas in school 
 im always weed lol 
 holy smokes 
 pinch me i want smoke 
 somebody smell like weed and corn chips
 welcome to brantley where the hallways smell like weed
 i would like to smoke
 i think my room has a permanent weed smell
 my backpack smells like weed brownies wtf
 smell like nun but smoke
 when you wake up from a nightmare because you think @lordsheltron  came into your house and smoked all your dabs.
 you look like the kind of girl who would smoke in the bathroom in haifa school.
 @cannabisdir nice post  you know if everyone in jail for cannabis was released they would have room for real crimi 
 dis weed taste amazing
 ima smoke the whole thang
 i hate smelling cigarette smoke while walking thru our smoke free campus
 holy smokes 
 sounds like the hysteriafilled narrator on the films trailer. check out the trailer here. at one point  the voice describes marijuana as
 lil bro roll up a zip  when i hop in the whip  oh shit i think i left weed on the dashboard skrrrt for real 
 im in the bank smelling like marijuana they be like damn whats that loud aroma 
 on god you can smoke all day  
 im breaking weed right now that smells like goats we used to save for christmas back in nigeria. gas
 look at me inna white house  wit a pocket full of weed inna white house
 how i know remys a dude  1. she cant have children 2. voice sounds like she smoke cigarettes backwards 3. bad bodies asf 4. bitch she is
 its smells like weed in my tias car and my dad was like everyone is going to be hungry bc of the smell 
 im @ jiffy lube wit weed on me  ik eerbody in here smell it 
 holy smokes 
 don you smoke  homie g  im rolling up in my avi
 lmao as soon as i opened the window allllll the smoke came out 
 smells like straight weed on the second floor
 when i grow up i wanna be just like you. minus the ganja. 
 @stephenharper holy smokes good to see ya on the ole tweeter imissus pintsoon 
 pretty young thang   such a lovely natural beauty  many clouds of smoke galaxyb drb 
 how thru the whole smokey and the bandit movie. did they never hit traffic
 @robssmokehouse  thank you for the follow back  smoke salmon thats groovy
 i smoke in my room now lol no more hallway for me
 at the sound of their voices the doorposts and thresholds shook and the temple was filled with smoke. 
 marijuana sold in a liquor store is like jesus evangelising in a saloon. xdlol soon as liquor sales drop the stores will kick weed out
 both of my bags smell like weed wtf 
 i actually know hella moms who smoked while pregnant and thier kids are some of the smartest children i know. 
 it smells like someone just smoked a joint in the lobby of the 3rd floor 
 to the ladies  please dont let your natural scent be a weed smell. its not a good look.
 slow jams  weed liquor 
 i was parked here first smoking amp this kid pulled up amp is defff waiting for me to leave so he can smoke hahahah im not leaving
 we smell like channel no. 5 and marijuana
 neighbors knockin on the door  asking can we turn it down i say  aint no music on she said  naw  that weed is loud
 i could chain smoke like a whole packet of cigarettes rn im so irritated 
 i smell weed lol
 if balls else fails smoke 
 when dude walks into the dmv and almost knocks you out with the smell of his ganja.
 you smell like cheap weed and cigarettes but your smile makes me melt and your laugh makes my heart skip.
 to those of yall smoking weed in africa rn  i smell you 
 the maintenance people weedeat outside my window the whole time im taking a nap but finish when i have to get up 
 they impounded our weed
 someone in my neighborhood smoking weed. i smell it 
 hope it dont smell like weed in here 
 but next to me smells like weed and love spell.
 not like every kid at the prom is not smoking weed 
 cigarette smoke makes me so sick. like  please dont come near me w. it.
 why i smell smoke @citybeautiful
 having kids all over the neighborhood is cool amp all...but id like to sit in my garage amp smoke without them walking up every 5 min 
 i smell cigarette smoke and that is not ok
 my car still smells like marijuana 
 so skunk spray dead ass smells like reggie weed and thats where the term skunk weed came from lol
 god made weed  weed dont make you bleed  new motto
 why does it smell like weed up in here @ time warner cable in milwaukee  wi 
 holy smokes
 im the guy hiding in the bathroom doing smoke tricks with my ecig at work
 good weed amp good music heal the soul .
 it smells like straaaaaaaaaight weed in my car and my mom just driving like she dont smell it 
 why do your clothes smell like weed do you smoke 
 we have multiple holidays a year celebrating binge drinking in a playful light yet we incarcerate ppl for years for weed just sayin.
 at least nikko drives her to.smoking weed 
 waves at a boy out of the window mom one of the homies huh me actually thats my weed man...
 lol juice was knocked out until he smelled the weed
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 i actually had a similar experience  with my husband and daughter. it was very informative. the marijuana store 
 california has beaches  hot guys  weed  celebrities  why wouldnt you like it
 me and oscar went into a smoke shop to buy our necessities. and we so got drugged i feel amazing rn 
 @therealroseanne pinch da second 1 from da left he looks like hes practicing smoking weed keep an eye on dat 1 straight 2 naval academy
 holy smokes  endeavor. 
 i really hope thats my neighbor using a weed wacker amp not a bug stuck in the window
 @qwertyoruiopz happy for u stay healthy smoke broccoli
 someone at the bar just called america tutti fruity fresh and fruity smoke
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli 
 smoking weed on the beach as my mind working like plato
 @timjschilling smokers lounge 2017
 gets off and smokes out my room
 y cant i wake up and be in heaven. doing what god knows i love to do. good deeds and smoking weed 
 lyft nigga like yea man you smell like some a that good weed
 i like smoking weed i like getting high 
 @cruzinslc gotta enjoy a good smoke before going to an event to enjoy more great smokes 
 they just made it sound like @joeylogano smokes his visor. nascar.
 im really not understanding how or why my car smells like cigarettes obvi i dont smoke and no one ever has in my car.
 im sorry  a marijuana gym is just weird. is it a new pokemon or something 
 vape smoke billowing from your car window is a good way to tell people a theres a new pope b you have your ged c youre a deadbeat dad
 @signednesh my car smelled like marijuana 
 when i viewed my acceptance letter i was getting ready to smoke a bowl. haha i cried.
 food  shower  smoke  record... that order
 i dont know if i smell like weed.. but it smells like weed right now lmao
 @kvngdp yeah it can actually go either way but like i mostly break out over stress and like weed keeps me relaxed
 look brandon i smoke weed dont act like its something new brittany
 it smells like weed in healdsburg.
 when i get home ima do my makeup and smoke bc it makes me feel good ab myself
 in this city youll always get a whiff of weed or smell like weed theres no in between
 port aransas smells like straight up weed
 my manager asked me if i smoke  i said not cigarettes he said yeah yeah then what do you smoke i said the healthy stuff   broccoli 
 my brother and abby are outside playing and i have my window open and he just yelled out smoke weed everyday everybody wtf hes only 8 
 @dyelbrah101 sonny   my media firm helps cannabis stocks reach a mainstream investor audience financial media.
 maria davis ace  turn that music down. i smell some reefer...thats why  our people dont have anything  because... 
 a few other things building a weed grow lab a bong hit sealed in aerosol that you could crack o
 a few other things building a weed grow lab a bong hit sealed in aerosol that you could crack open like a can beer a jello shot fridge
 my woman is such a good cook  she treats me like an idol  she feeds me burnt offerings. thinks the smoke alarm is a timer maga with humor
 in search of a roommate who likes makeup weed and going to the gym vt21
 my soul probably smell like weed
 why does this car smell like weed
 pull we lit  @ up in smoke hookah lounge 
 god made dirt.... dirt dont hurt. god made weed... weed dont make you bleed
 if you smoke cigarettes stay the hell away from me..
 too high to walk  to the weed shop
 do you actually like the tastesmell of weed
 the sway is always smelling like some weed 
 holy smokes.  
 livepd oh hell legalize cocaine  why not we can drink like fish and smoke like fire life to short lol
 keep it up  boriqua salsa weed whatever the fuck you guys like  just win the fucking game
 when your mom gets mad over pictures you posted so you walk outside in your bra and underwear to smoke a cig with her. smartass
 pronouncing smoke like schmokegtgtgt
 wow i wish i didnt sound like a 65 year old smoker man 
 watching kid cannabis while highgtgtgtgt
 holy smokes 
 all mark does is smoke reggie and eat hot pockets
 alex left me to go smoke a cigarette and now im alll alone and awkward
 i dont mind people smoking weed outside my kids school. and they already are regular members of society.  
 the guy below me smokes so much weed that my bathroom literally smells like ive been smoking in it everyday. im so annoyed always omfg
 i smoke weed  make music  and teach prek
 my apt building smells like weed.. amp not even good weed.
 all im tryan do is smoke dat broccoli
 i smell weed. yup  im in denver
 why the east side have a constant marijuana smell
 find u a nice guy that smoke kush amp settle down
 holy smokes 
 alex is so hemp
 looks like one slipped through the crack  wonder how itll smoke  @ financial district  san 
 a completely baked pizza guy just delivered to my house. plot twist i didnt order any pizza. yea  weed is legal in washington state.
 nm has what hemp likes  lots of sun  adequate water and lots of folk in rural areas to do ag work amp fabmtg work t 
 i walk outside and it smells like straight weed. 
 the entire city smells like weed 
 5  green drink... otlsmokeshoplounge15 @ otl smoke shop amp lounge 
 getting in the uber and it reeks of weed lmao hes like fuck sorry
 aunt smells like marijuana  me no tia its that good stuff
 holy smokes im so giddy 
 its funny when my family thinks im leaving amp they ask where im going .... to just go in my car amp smoke in the front 
 i think i deserve a lil extra weed in my joint
 i just left my cousins and everything on me smells like cigarette smoke
 its pretty cool that i can smoke a bong butt ass naked in my room if i wanted to
 now is wearing green. he must smell like weed.   livepd
 everyone  smokes  kush 
 had to get a new room in this hotel cause the last one smelled like weed 
 i think my apartment smells like weed
 i think its great when people have a kid  still go to party  and smoke all the time. like you have a kid wtf
 i smell like smoke 
 i smell like smoke 
 everytime i move i smell loud emanating from my hair and i didnt even smoke 
 when a coworker comes in stankin of marijuana  that is the worst smell for me right now. lowkey made me throw up a little bro.
 how i feel about not smoking weed  
  nigga i got to smoke cant deal with hurt like that  and whatever i spend nigga we gone make right back 
 u look like u pick up unfinished cigarettes off the ground and smoke them foh 
 the hollywood boulevard smells like weed and bratwurst
 im rollin up the windows while im smokin weed
 my mom walked in on char amp i smoking amp she grabbed my weed amp acted mad then threw it back at me amp laughed like why she play me like that
 they started hiting me up talking bout lets smoke  like i was just playing
 one last thing. having no weed makes me feel like a pos when i see q or spitta with bags of  
 how to catch a rat smell like really good weed.   ive never had so many random hoes wanna be close to me because of my aroma
 @jadedjaiii so you think we should be able to smoke 
 @mynews13weather the smoke is pretty bad here just west of titusville
 that moment when our current room smell like weed now 
 while you are sleeping the magnolia staff is setting up medical marijuana farmers market we open at 9am. meet at m 
 the whole 6th street jus smelt like straight up weed
 and i get to pinch her if she smokes one 
 smells like weed in my apartment thanks to my sister.
 performing some new and unreleased music w @kevchoice and @manidraper. if you ever smoked a 
 my coworker might have a crush on me and im ok with that bc she just put some weed in the pocket of my sweater
 when the ganja good  
 some clever person drew simple line above cigarette and smoke. now  it looks like slice of pie no pie who would 
 i aint no joke. i let my shoes smoke @ fitness connection 
 smell like weed 247 in here
 when you open the door to the hotbox and the weed loud asf 
 i hate smokers so much. cant you cool kids spare the parks at least @ echo park lake  
 i love it when my car now smells like weed and alcohol and my 250 jacket smells like a brewery
 this weed tastes like curry
 does the process of making weed tea from stems smell
 drink water  smoke weed. grow like a plant.
 government marijuana dead ass looks like rosemary 
 when me and shelby get too high off dabs and she forgets the shirt she came to get and i left the weed i brought in her car 
 neighbors knockin on the door  askin can we turn it down. im like aint no music playin she said nah that weed is loud.
 @legendofzelduhh bet  lets grow a weed plant together
 @yvngtatiana made me eat weed
 if you smoke facing a wall does the smoke hit you back and then you smell like it
 theres literally weed everywherecup holders doors floor
 @4n0nc47 god made weed i am going with god. free will is hard. thank you god for the relief
 go outside to smoke a blunt and yo neighbors look at you like you burying a body in the yard
 old man sam is a life saver. told me i can sneak out the back door to the portapotty to smoke inside it hahahaha
 potofgold last night. there was a weird smell in the air as clouds of smoke rolled by... 
 i always hated a  it smell like weed  ass classmate 
 god made weed  weed dont make you bleed lol
 its a beautiful day to ride with the windows down cuz it smells like weed n whiskey
 @jeremiahjohn @hollytwolf @torontocomicon holy smokes
 smelt like loud yesterday amp went home amp my mom was like dont think i cant not smell the weed on you  im not stupid
 ever smoke some weed that looked good but didnt smell like nothing crazy taste average but got you wild smacked 
 i smoke gravel 
 lets jst hope that i dont smell like smoke
 wit a pocket full of weed in the white house lol 
 i think the cannabis market should be a real free market and i believe that we should have the right to grow but profits before common sense
 i smoke so much good dope my shit smell like loud 
 going to smoke out this bounce house
 i really didnt think i was going to stink my whole room up like weed.  oops
 all yall that made fun of me in high school for smoking weed now smoke weed....... good golly miss molly
 you smoked with alex  
 @cbcottawa  smoking materials...really cbc you mean like cheech and chong....frig up in smoke ...
 my hotel room smells like weed...
 trash ass red neck doesnt do the dishes house smells like cat piss can barely get 10 for some weed bum ass dude
 me at a smoke shops walks in to get a dutch  walks out with a bong  
 showering jess rye babygirl bunintheoven babygirlbrewing babyshower @ south hempstead  new 
 a smoke detector going off in the hall and theres a smell wafting through the building and theres a haze in the hall. whats happening
 smells like straight weed in this motel omg
 @konnan5150 you should try dabing bro. not the dance move. its a better way to smoke thc. phatdabs
 cookies is all i smoke .
 so much kush smoke in the air cant help but smell the odor
 new merchandise in  call or stop by at aampa smokers or vs for online  orders can be shipped 
 i legit can smoke a while 8 grams by myself   straight hot box amp good vibes
 she roll up my weed   she fucknn me good ... she even hang round all my savages  
 god made weed and weed dont make you bleed so 
 boy you wasnt playing about miami not having no good weed @youngthug
 me does laundry housemates takes laundry out of washer and smoke me feels the need to rewash clothes bc they dont smell clean now
 oh you smoke all the time but you never have any idea what strain  ok lol lol that og huh 
 its like life goals to smoke a blunt with snoop dog.
 @currensyspitta makes music that makes me want to smoke and cruise with a girl down pch 
 i dont make trap music but you could trap too it and smoke some  pac it 
 one hour left thank god anyone down to come with tonight or just chill and smoke hit me up outt a here at 6
 this dude smell just like weed  like he just bathe in it 
 my mom so silly she said i be sick cuz i smoke 
 one of the samples @magoaksocials cannabis farmers market. really chill  festive  while a thrilling milestone for 
 why the hell do people show up to public spaces smelling like smoke some of us are allergic  i had to leave work because i almost hurled.
 me smelling hemp lotion at work my manager oh of course ur smelling the stuff with a weed leaf on it....stoner  lol u shouldnt know dat
 @zachmac18 hasnt seemed to matter much. thanks for the insider picks  smoke .
 im at @keyfood in hempstead  ny 
 day after st. pattys is for good food  good weed and good movies
 all loud and shit like ana smoke in the bathroom 
 16 people accused of massive home marijuana grow near denver  from @ap
 16 people accused of massive home marijuana grow near denver  from @ap
 why does the whole town smell like smoke
 @flowkana strains available at @magoaksocial cannabis farmers market. 
 thank you guys for leaving that lovely smell of marijuana in my truck...
 austin smells like weed
 @joeybadass smoke sumthin
 why karla make me smoke again lmfaaaooo
 when i use to smoke i always had plans 
 @youngsteeeze you smoke broccoli
 the hallway in my hotel room smells like weed i swear im smelling weed everywhere i go lol
 this cabbage amp smoked turkey got my house smelling like... 
 one of our upstairs neighbors is a basic alcoholic frat fuckboi amp the other is a weed loving anime nerd can they get along
 holy fuck free smoke is fucking lit
 love the smell of freshly smoked cigar on a man whos dressed like summer
 i feel like free smoke drake was sending shots at somebody
 alyssa just at a bud of weed at the dinning hall. i cant.
 my room smells like straight up weed amp i dont even smoke . i loveee it
 @stacyrippy @kfor i rolled down my windows and i smell smoke. ohp says all lanes are open though
 came to sit amp smoke by myself on suspension bridge  amp as i walk up some dude playing j cole lighting up a blunt......
 @2tanksdre @sirhampton nigga i dont dance period i roll weed and rub on her ass whole she dance.
 ffl @dizzywright chilled out smoke music i feel ya 100 on this one 
 smell like smoke.
 does anyone in dallas have weed
 wanna smoke and vibe out to  teenage fever and nothing into something....  with nun but candles lit.
 i remember when we use to go to the causeway with blankets and pillows late at night smoked like 5 blunts and listened to music
 holy smokes. devan dunbyk with an incredible save. mnwild
 loving free smoke rn 
 ok ok in order...sorry. now playing free smoke
 the beginning of free smoke taking me to chruch morelife
 @drake is @thisnao on the intro to free smoke  it sounds just like her man 
 my client guest room bathroom smells like weed 
 how you let the kid fighting ghostwriting rumors turn you to a ghost oh you niggas got jokes. free smoke  free smoke 
 so my mom smokes in the house and gave me and my brother oreos when we visited her yesterday and they tasted like straight up cigarettes
 aha free smoke gassed the haters something viscous
 ok holy smokes this scene im sobbing @ park hyung sik 
 it smells like the fourth of july and weed
 his lips tastes like weed  smh 
 ok holy smokes @ this scene and his visual im sobbing parkhyungsik 
 some jackass is smoking weed on our floor.
 free smoke sound like the better version of summer 16
 my dog ate my weed
 @brettsbaker made me think of you. not the smokes half.  
 jauan jennings to do list 1 smoke a blunt                            2 embarrass teez tabor nationally for the 2nd time
 these bitches from georgia came to la for only weed
 @gettinemarrday  ghostwriting rumors turn you to a ghost oh you niggas got jokes free smoke  free smoke.
 promo game onpoint.  stloungehtx stsmokeshop stsmokeshopwinrock stloungehtx @ st smoke shop 
 this one for my boy seegarmonsieur  . nice smoke homie . davidoff 
  how you let the kid fighting ghost writing rumors turn you into a ghost   drake on free smoke 
 i love when i get to go see a movie and the whole theatre smells like weed 
 when u in the car w your parents and the pants you wearing were used in a full zip smoke sesh and you lowkey smell it lingering the car up
 free smoke whew
 that moment when you smell like weed and your trying to avoid all contact with humans 
 drake album sound like im in a gay jamaican club so far. back to work though. free smoke nice though
 smelling like weed and shit
 im not gonna introduce my kids to smoking weed but if they do  ima let them rock  cyph wassap
 @danicamckellar @paulgreenemedia @hallmarkchannel loving the live tweeting  hating weeding through all the political posts.  hallmark247
 anytime fsu loses is a good day...even better when they get smoked...congrats xavier 
 @sarsings27 whatever do you mean you see the smoke coming out of my ears too
 wreckitralph and walle is on and i have no one to cuddle and smoke with lonerforever
 my parents accuse me of smoking in my room when really its just the weed being too loud 
 i get so sick of smelling weed and smoke every fucking day ion know what to do
 okay drake is starting off good for me having @erynallenkane on the beginning of free smoke
 free smoke is straight fire holy shit
 holy smokes....ncaawrestlingchampionships penn  state is the shit  congrats
 purdue looks good but virginia is getting smoked like a country ham marchmadness tournamentchallenge
 you guys smell like mint and marijuana.. waitress
 i hate the smell of smoke. especially when im sick 
 a choker is like a smoker you can always poke her 
 the kids ran to the smoke machine during the father daughter dance.. it was hilarious 
 i dont even smoke cigarettes but my hair always smells like it
 kush candles  are themed after cannabis strains from around the world. each candle is infused 
 thank god i dont smoke  rt 
 stay rockin my timbs.. beef and broccoli... mix my weed  cause i like it beef and broccoli.. get hungry  go order 
 nvm homie coming through for the smoke break lmao
 somebody hit a skunk by my house and i smelled like it when i came in the house and now my mom thinks i smoked weed at work
 that sound like some weed lmao i like it 
 holy smokes stanton
 did california always reek of weed my lord
 someone is smoking some good ass weed in my apartment building
 wanted to smoke some hookah but definitely do not feel like making that shit so
 @alexandrasavior amp band are stirring a smokey lounge vibe @barracudaaustin that is toxic in all the right ways sxsw2017 sxsw
 minus the weed 
 when will everyone start  growing their weed with the sun
 car mullet weed in the front alc in the back
 why. is. it. that every time i get on the train smelling like weed  cops always get on the same car within smelling distance
 ive said this once and ill say it again. @boi1da is the greatest producer ever. from forever to free smoke. thank you legend 
 mom something smells weird and dirty  me yea someones smoking weed mom
 everyone i smell weed.... wheres it coming from   me walks away.... oops
 soon as i walked outside   i just felt like coughing from all the smoke thats in the air.. 
 free smoke  kmt  get it together has that house music vibe amp portland 
 i smell like race gas and bbq smoke.
 it smells like weed outside my house. wheres my invite.
 he slugged your ghost writing rumors on free smoke  
 nothing like a concert to remind me how much i hate the smell of weed. sinuses are killing me too. music is worth it  tho.
 holy smokes  
 it smells like weed in this hotel shower
 good weed good food good music is going down tonight .
 im tryna smoke some broccoli
 my car stays smelling like weed
 my uber driver wont stop talking about how it smells like weed. shut up before i hotbox your car.
 it always smells like weed pizza and regret in my building
 pretty sure smoke is blowing out of my ears im so mad 
 i love the bounds i make that associate weed... like no one that doesnt smoke understands
 i just had a soundlikemymom moment. i had the thought  i feel like if you have dreads  youre trying to tell people hey  i like weed. 
 @tunethegoon near 6th bout to smoke
 just smoke 2 blunts for nick  100 more coming up
 i just got to my hotel room after landing amp my whole room amp floor smell like dank ass weed so im friends w the desk girl amp were fixin it
 i leave my window open amp i always forget to close it when my neighbor smokes bc the smell goes inside my room my mom thinks ts me...
 bro swear to god @22danteandre put on more life  free smoke  and i started crying hysterically
 that moment when the smoke machine attacks you at @bgsmusic  showgibson lespaul model 
 im wearing his sweatshirt and it smells super good. it smells like a mixture of man and weed
 @awakemp4 weedquest
 oh i think they like me  in my white tee  oh no no no baby smoke so much dope need some visine
 why does round 1 phms parking lot always smell like weed
 i wonder if the girl on my floor knows that the cops dont gaf that shes sobbing. like if you smoke in the dorms youll get caught. simple
 karina your jacket smells like pot karina it smells like pot  did you smoke in the bathroom
 i always come back to the dorm smelling like weed and i dont even smoke. 
 it hella smells like weed outside
 my room smells like weed  dog  sweat and shame. i dont think i care for it lol
 when i smoke this late at night its such a different experience. just me  my tree  my car  and my music 
 god made dirt  dirt dont hurt.  god made weed  weed dont make you bleed.
 i put on some of camis chapstick and it tastes like weednow i have that smell on my lipsno mames
 when the d so good you need to smoke an entire pack. 
 coming home smelling marijuana is an automatic i want to kill you look from mother
 @coreyneii lets open a midnight munchies shop thats also pro hemp hemp friendly.
 im know im like 12 years late  but weeds is such a good fucking show
 16 people accused of massive home marijuana grow near denver |   colorado hit amp fit  nauty   nauty   weed freaks 
 @timwillywilli the great smokey mountains national park is off the charts all kinds of good  fun  healthy  outdoor activities
 its such a wonderful day to smoke cigarettes drink coffee i hope the sun comes out   and i love you so much
 @denverpost weed only makes you feel good being good makes you great  . 
 16 people accused of massive home marijuana grow near denver. gt 
 if it wasnt for the weed id be hurt like shit but im good tho
 fire near boulder  colorado this morning  smokefilled air  planes overhead  evacuations just a mile away. smelled 
 i smell like a mixture of a bonfire and smoked meat... im not even complaining though. 
 bout to be in church smelling like smoke 
 new york smells like a big ass blunt i smell weed everywhere i go 
 just finish writing some smoke
 whats that song where the nigga says i like smoking weed. i like girls who drive 
 i smell weed
 my room smells like weed. oh hell no
 its legit torture being in a car with chain smokers for a two hour car ride. 
 dont you hate when you french inhale and the smoke get in your eyes and it hurts like a bitch .
 my hair smells like weed
 holy smokes 
 @laurenbhering @jasoninthehouse @foxnews @greta @joyannreid cmon journalists rybolovlev bank of cypress mercer more than just smoke
 need all the more life tracks like free smoke and do not disturb not this diet capri sun knock off dance hall @drake
 why does drake say free smoke in that weird tone 
 everytime someone comes into my room they feel the need to tell me my room smells like weed. bitch i already know
 i gotta get my @rapgenius iq up so i can make an annotation to free smoke that no one has made yet.
 hate having weed that smoke but dont look like it smoke
 @bradleyg20 you a wasteman  smoke you like a blem. real ting
 i always got my own weed too smoke
 i sound like i smoke 15 packs a day
 holy shit free smoke goes off
 it feels weird not to smoke anymore 
 we went in there high  this white man was like  so who has the weed and it isnt me
 i just want somebody to look at me like xavier looks at weed.
 marijuana the very reason why some fucktards still live marijuana is why helps with my mentalhealthdisorder god made weed  man made beer
 i smell weed
 marijuana the very reason why some fucktards still live marijuana is what helps with my mentalhealthdisorder god made weed  man made beer
 the whole house smells like weed because of my stupid neighbour smoking it and the smell is seeping through the walls.my head hurts nowugh
 why does it smell like weed and jalapeos in here and what the fuck is in that trash bag
 kodak told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli  
 my granddaughter june talking to me about bugs and weeds lessonsfromjune bugs weeds 
 @monteilbmxboi like why do most kids my age feel the need to smoke cancer. lamest habit i swear.. smh
 @mccallskinner our mom just gave the dog weed
 when you high af and your mom ask you why you smell like smoke 
 why does it smell like weed in the american eagle fitting rooms
 i got home smelling like straight liquor and weed and my mom got mad bc i forgot to pick up my towel before i left
 @nhpotfarm so does it treat anything or is it just made of hemp
 my dad said it smells like weed in my room and my dude it really does
 @halliebakker my mom was like your jacket smells like pot well no shit i smoke mad weed.
 my dumbass thought that drake put eryn allen kane on the beginning of free smoke. thats fucking hiatus kaiyote duhhhhh 
 the wonderful girl scouts of hempstead troop 1134 were i@ubcexperience amp served desserts after. @girlscouts @gsnc 
 see the weed be letting you know evil lurks
 you know its lit when the homie doesnt remeber the smoke sesh 
 my floor smell like straight weed
 bro i left my gma house smelling like hella weed 
  i like my men like i like my weed no seeds 
 whoever has the loudest car speakers please contact me so i can play free smoke and burst your speakers
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 nv is about to get smoked by eu huh
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke brocoli
 the sun is shining im smiling again and i left the fattest jar of weed for myself. i love you california
 my mom would smoke the floor with yall  
 my weed man always acting like he bagged or something 
 @msbettybafufu hoes who like good music never liked me back. idk  plus they usually weed heads
 just smoke some dodi it will make yo day better
 free smoke  on a beautiful day  ffwct @ fishers  indiana 
 feel bad for all the guys on extra duty pulling out weeds from the fuckin rocks
 all i smoke is cookie ion fucc with them other strains.
 seriously sound like a smoker from coughing so much. my throat hurts so bad 
 everywhere you walk outside smells of mj  marijuana  wtf...
 i personally think its too cold to have the windows open but you want to smoke your menthol cigarettes
 a good burger  some fries  good weed  and good company all i want rn
 theres no mention of smoke on the label  piney  resinous mouth feel and a tropical finish. neither of those are correct.
 never smoke dro in your car if you dont want your car to smell strong 
  @ weed park  muscatine 
 god made dirt. dirt dont hurt. god made weed. we dont make you bleed. 
 i need like to smoke like 50 blunts right now
 why your car smell like weed for. 
 update my room still smells like weed 
 i let my mom drove my car then she brought my weed in the house like wtf is this lmaooo
 how you let the kid fightin  ghostwritin rumors turn you to a ghost oh  you niggas got jokes   free smoke  free smoke
 confetti and smoke make me sooo happy i swear
 like smoke
 brandon said i sound like an asthmatic baby when i smoke lmao.
 i will be performing in freeport tx on march 25th in the up in smoke comedy concert series alongside legendary 
 good smoke 
 patchouli just smell like weed  its basically legal now it also doesnt smell as awful patchouli  also axe  
 look. im not playing games anymore. no more bullshit. legalize weed.
 just rolled the ugliest jay of my life...but hey it was still smokeable
 @seanymg nah im good i smoke broccoli its good for my health
 i swear im rollin  and all my weed is golden.
 it would be awesome if i could walk into the axtell store and not come out smelling like cigarette smoke.
 these drunk people were asking my coworkers for cigarettes and my manager was like i dont smoke  morgan do u smoke like what 
 giggs kinda sound like he smokes 10 packs of cigarettes a day
 that awkward moment @ 23 hempstead garden 
 i was able to smoke a whole new port seems like these these summer time blues had got me through the throat
 girls show makeup on snap like dudes show weed
 she smiled with all the delight of a kid on christmas morning and said  yall smoke to enjoy it. i smoke to die. 
 when ur family opens ur car to look at it and they get a burst of marijuana stench
 lol apparently i smell like weed amp cocoa butter 
 idols bro rt @coacht2 free smoke or idols become rivals
 my hands smell like smoke bomb
 why hasnt mrs. potts spoken out in favor of legalized marijuana 
 i smoked a couple ports in the locker room 
 my tea tastes like weed and idk how i feel about this
 mfw im told to sit my pretty lil self down so i dont get smoke caught in my hair to smell like barbecue smoke. 
 mfw im told to sit my pretty lil self down so i dont get smoke caught in my hair and smell  
 why does every place in cle smell like weed
 i like to look myself in the mirror and smoke 
 how can i discreetly watch my hot downstairs neighbor while he smokes a cigarette
 any pretty girls in denver that are chill and down to smoke tonighttomorrow wya 
 cheyanes mom  my dream is to walk into a store with weed on the counter and be able to pick my own bud and smoke it 
 my mom goes this looks like weed u would never know she lived thru the 70s 
 why would you smoke right before you come into the gym... its gross... im so disgusted by the smell of cigarette smoke...
 out to dinner and my son keeps screaming he wants moana but he is pronouncing it marijuana so life is great
 she loving the view while we smoke im loving it too while i stroke
 the people that are playing against me are probably like wow look at this stupid white girl lying on the beach but then i smoke them champ
 my voice sounds like i smoked 6 packs of cigs
 we out here workin young smoke in the building @ybossfellasmoke @choppazoeradio @politi 
 get to colorado and our rental car smells like straight weed.
 seems counterproductive to smoke a cigarette on your walk into the gym. gotta rip a dart though huh brony
 im going to open the window in my @uber even if its 12 degrees out. smoke cigarettes in your car and prepare to freeze khalid my driver
 some asshole on my floor keeps smoking weed so much it wafts into my whole apartment. building mgmt wont do shit  amp police have no effect.
 we smell like chanel 5 and marijuana
 this dude just said cannabis empire. thank god he wasnt talking to me.
 @kelliebob i was craving those this morning. dry and hard from a gas station that smells like stale cigarette smoke. love them.
 everywhere i go in cali it smells like weed
 aint no sex like that high sex yeah we blowin and always got good weed
 guess im watching kid cannabis lol
 my girl foreign my whip foreign my weed loud   lifes good
 @aaroneggers ha outside the dmv that doesnt seem like a good place for a marijuana petitioner.
 me comes home  lights incense  mom mhm tryna cover up that weed smell azonde you not slick yeah i know 
 music and weed
 my whole dorm smells like weed...awesome
 smells something weird  assumes its weed mormons
 the entire business major floor of the dorm i work at smells like very poorly covered up weed and i couldnt expect anything else from them
 hustled 300 today slagging weed at venice
 i want my weed smelling like folgers coffee
 ive been set in mind that i dont like my neighbors  the stupid bitch smokes outside my window   has her paisa music at 6 am
 better in the can.  straight armpit  dank  sticky    bitter  weed.  l... humanimal stasis  photo
 yo someone smells like weed  whole class turns amp looks at me  yup shout out to carson high teachers that never 
 when i walk by stop hitting me with that good weed good loud i dont want your services lol
 im sick and selma like weed
 kid cannabis was actually a pretty well made film. not what i expected at all. 8.510 imo
 alex suggested that i should smoke weed earlier at work lmao
  is this supposed to be a cloud god or a girl enjoying some good weed
 holy smokes 
 holy smokes. 
 i evol weed
 the whole second floor smell like weed 
 my burps taste like a mixture of weed amp corona 
 i finally got boxed my little closet and now all my close smells like weed. yay 
 @itsriccotho lets smoke cigarettes and make out 
 what if they were marijuana producers  
 our lyft drivers car smells like weed 
 @justintrudeau   legalize weed so that the bathroom stalls at high school can smell like weedsht amp cigarettes instead of sht amp cigarettes
 god made dirt  dirt dont hurt. god made weed  weed dont make you bleed 
 im a hard worker  i appreciate the comfort of being at home  i like puzzles and toys  i dont like weed and shit  but i love beer.
 damn got this blunt and no one to smoke with oh well lonesome i guess lol this and some good music what pandora radio any suggestions z
 kodak its lil kodak da finesse kid boy who hot as me   me told da doctor ima healthy kid i smoke broccoli 
 why does my bathroom smell like weed
 if you wanna go amp get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benze oh why must i feel this way ayeeeee must be the money 
 thank god the lord is blessing us with the use of his god given herbs natures way never hear of crazy smokers you d 
 skunk family lives around my house and it smells like it just smoked some old purple haze. not sure if i should be 
 god made dirt. dirt dont make you hurt. good made weed. weed dont make you bleed.
 me walking into my apartment complex after smoking weed so none of my neighbors try to ask for some 
 anytime im in the car with my mom she sings along to any weed song  mijo echame la del afro
 my weed orange like a fucking cantaloupe
 stress relieved by the smoke so when im near you smell the kush
 her brother is next door amp he smokes in his room so i smell it 
 ten minutes of @gregfitzshow worst standup ever. thank god the jewish comics smoked his ass. improv
 my uber driver out here trying to chill   listen to music and smoke some weed
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli  
 the smoke just make the music sound 10x better
 yo my room smells like straight ass weed its annoying
 @xosav like i feel like i smoked 7 packs of backwoods
 its 630am and the guy next to me on the bus smells like weed. its literally churning my stomach.
 i sprayed so much febreze in the room to the point where u know i was tryna cover either a fart or weed up
 the black smoke coming out of the school always scares me
 i swear to god  i need a fricking smoke
 i should smoke since im up but i dont feel like rollin up
 shower and smoke and do nothing like always
 walked into the bathroom and it smells like weed 
 @boydatsmaddie holy smokessss 
 if herkimer didnt smell like weed at 9am itd be weird
 i like smoking weed  i like getting fly. i like having sex  i like girls who ride
 does anyone know how to get the smell of smoke out of your car  this has got to be the nastiest thing ever
 i legit sound like a life long chain smoker rn.
 free smoke is good af but it pisses me off that it sounds so much like grammys
 i make evil weed music
 @christiec733 this is smoke compared to rank incompetence that continues pervading usss  charged with protecting the whitehousepres1stfam
 2 stroke smoke smells good in the morning 
 wish i could live like @nattaliedean and leave school to smoke in the parking lot
 all the kids that smoke cigarettes at emerson were there.
 time to kill myself at the gym then grind out the music game until my ears bleed weed smoke a pen and my protools is my date for the day
 a whole lot of pharmaceuticals amp good weed.
 with a pocket full a weed in the white house
 it smells like straight weed on this bus
 when the pcc parking garage smells like weed in the morning 
 i definitely cant hide being sick anymore at work now that i sound like a chain smoker 
 my dad got im my car like why does it always smell like weed in here do you smoke 
 all i want is someone who listens to the same music as me so in the summer we can vibe and smoke to it otw to the beach 
 my hair crazily smells like weed. no puedo
 sounds better when youre high on marijuana
 @kevinzegers oh most definitely especially if they got off the elevator and left you in the smoke 
 my grapes taste like weed 
 somebody left weed in the dryer and now my clothes smell like it
 opening up an online smoke shop filled with some cool stoner toys   coming v soon.
 i want the full song of home girl singing and playing the piano on the beginning of free smoke
 my grandma moved my car for street sweeping and most likely smelled and found my weed like she hid my keys now to confront me about it
 watching a man pick up half a cigarette out of the light rail tracks amp smoke it makes u feel pretty good about where ur at in life lol
 watching a guy in a the dude abides shirt who says he smokes an oz a week practice chili peppers and sublime songs on acoustic denver
 it bothers me that on free smoke when drake says it  it sounds like free shmoke
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli 
 converted catcher @bigfishy throwing smoke soxsigsinftmyers 
 irony. the international students are always chiefing on cancer sticks by the health center. like  how do i walk into a cloud of smoke
 i smell like stale weed... i hope no one notices
 holy smokes @lavandnoir this is very cool. thank you 
 my weed smell mustard 
 moving day is almost here  and holy smokes  the whirlwind of emotion...
 escaping the  to work outside at the shop was a good . the air smells of  smoke and theres a  in the distance playing dipanema
 bro my sandwich smells like weed
 i feel like shes the type to smoke a joint while baking cupcakes on a sunday morning
 lyft driver you girls smell good id much rather smell weed than perfume 
 only if the kid already smokes and even then theyre not obligated to but it would be nice 
 free weed is always a good thing  this colorful ass weed is about to be life  
 dont know if it will convert nonbelievers  but for the faithful this leftovers season 3 trailer is white smoke 
 we smelled reefer this morning and it made me think of you  angel  
 rock like aap light the weed and take off
 we just got to the seamstress and kendyls dress smells like weed 
 when your manager is trying to figure out where the smell of weed is coming from 
 with the smoke clearing  it looks like the left side of the building  including the sides and roof  took the most d 
 imma go to the gym before i smoke so i can actually make it today
 the neighbor just came over and said i wish i would have known you smoked. i have friends who grow and ill bring you some for free. 
 this guy is such a smoker that he literally stinks up my whole class room
 i left my jar of weed open so now i gotta make up an excuse for the smell and nobody is buying it lmfaooooo imma kms
 hes like the lighter to my cigarette  watch me smoke
 both ladders have retracted  a very  very light amount of smoke still coming from the building.
 my cousins car smell like straight weed lol
 lol i feel like all smoke shop owners are 
 every chapstick i own smells like weed. getyourshittogethersara
 if i snapped every blunt i smoke like some of you  yall would be sick of me.
 like ok i see ur weedmaps n korova billboards everywhere but when someone smells weed its like oh look the circus freak
 all my clothes smell like weed  my weave  the car  everything  really starting to think i have a problem 
 if you listen to more life straight through from free smoke to do not disturb one song plays into the next and it sounds like one long song.
 loving unsolicited msgs from strangers hi. im not into weed. thanks. at least they understand my intent. gtgt goo 
 i drink good  i smoke good
 so im layin down on my bed and i can smell weed like wtf
 kodak told the doctor im a healthy kid..  me i smoke broccoli 
 oh honey  pinesol comes in many scents but not one smells like some loud ass weed please reevaluate.
 @jarvjosh literally sounds like a 90 year old man whose smoked all his life when he laughs 
 councilman zeke cohen with casa amp hempstead hill kids decrying ice raids. kid dropped off a school  ice snatches da 
 @captainzerocool yeah the mountain is really hazy and it smells like smoke.
 idk. somewhere with a beach  good weed man  and a store that sells backwoods. 
 uber and lyft should have smoker friendly options. i enjoy a cigarette on my way to places @ubersupport @asklyft
 all white impalas could either be your weed man or a police officer theres no in between  thats crazy
 i wish my ears never had to experience the displeasure of free smoke.......
 my mom came into my room amp on her way out said btw it smells like weed in here she really doesnt question anything anymore lol
 @njtransit @njtransitpvl @pvlwarriors pvl 1631 car 6712 repeatedly smells like cigarette smoke. someone is smoking on the train.
 since i left denver all i smell is weed
 gym  tan  stuff my face with dinner  and smoke some maryjane
 spring allows us to start the process of preparing the ground. what does your ground look like full of weeds and old growth
 t minus 5 days and boy do we have some killer food options smokendreams will be offering 
 @russelldels his room just smells like weed concentrate 
 congrats to tractor tech team  no longer just blowing smoke. running like a well oiled machine 
 21 sound like he shoulda been on free smoke
 man  i sure missed smelling like smoked meats @fatdansdeli 
 they found out she doesnt smoke kush 
 you seem like a sike weed 420 typa girl oh 
 rental car reeks of legal weed. you do you  seattle
 my mom and i walk into our house me wow  its smells like dank mom no  it smells like weed okay mom 
 all my around the house  shirts smell like weed 
 when you take your car to the shop and they turn down ya service cause ya car smell like weed tho....bitch
 i smoked 2 whole cigars and filled my house with smoke and a smell that wouldnt leave for days 
 b5|javier vaz smokes a single to plate another  30 hhs gbr
 theres a guy outside in shorts playing xbox though his glass door so he can smoke.
 @kevingamin @rebeccaballhaus when your handicap is as high as @realdonaldtrump  it isnt considered playing golf. more like hacking weeds.
 @justj21x20 weed is not becoming mainstream me 
 mogs come to la amp hit me up like my apartment is a hotel amp like im the gotdamn weed man
 growing like a weed ft. kaitlyns bathroom 
 for those of you who live in the boonies of east bethel like me  weve been sleeping on smokeys pub. like honestly.
 good thing this happened in my building. woke up to the smell of smoke and no smoke detectors 
 song was playing and @mariaamuccci said is this free smoke  morelife
 kmt sounds nothing like look at me at all... and drakes flow doesnt at all sound like xxxtentacion lmao yall smoke good crack
 hardball thank god ive got weed
 my neighbor has been cultivating this wild thistle...ive been watching this weed grow looks 
  holy smokes 
 we ran over a skunk and gram asked me if i had weed in my pocket 
 my car smell like gas..   and im not talking about the kind you smoke 
 mom your room smells like weed oh nvm you were eating sunflower seeds  wtf
 the weed that i smoke loud like a ratchet bitch
 i probably smell like weed rn 
 my neighbor has been cultivating this wild thistle...ive been watching this weed grow and it 
 my oldest cousin just said why your weed smell so strong he 42 lol
 im so fucking sick of my neighbors my baby and i dont want to smell your fucking weed 
 @fellythekid is playing with the smokers club in la on 420 ... a vibe id love to feel 
 yes. i like weed  video games  and pretty girls. get mad bro
 my ra is gone and the hall smells like weed
 why does my apartment smell like a legitimate marijuana dispensary rn 
 b3| @tysonle38611628 smokes a one out single to left  1 on 1 out gbr
 holy smokes. bonner bolton. im in love. dwts
 i have always been against rodeos... but bonner bolton has me feeling some type of way.  @dancingabc holy smokeshow
 why would anyone think it is ok to play loud music and smoke in a hotel. @mgmresortsintl mustbepaperthinwalls
 dance around in your smoke
 every uber in new york smells like they smoked a pack of cigarettes then started driving
 and im so sick of being in a house where people smoke and im so sick of smelling like it.
 when the weed man say i shot you an extra gram for the wait... 
 why does anyone smoke cigarettes  not judging  literally just a destructive habit that does no good to anyone
 not sure if im still smelling campfire smoke on me or if i was in the sun too long
 @sryimnotsorry1 im@not sure what the humidifier does but it kills the smell of weed
 pocket fulla weed inside the white house
 holy smokes jakes is going to town to get me food and bringing it to me im crying
 the hottest smoke show in the ballroom. @erikajayne killed it
 put smoking lounges back in airports in the usa. making me smoke outside of security doesnt have any health benefits and clutters lines
 pants went thru the washer w a grocery bag of weed in the back pocket  1 fav1 rip esthers grocery bag of weed
 my car smells like weed amp alcohol all the fucking time smh 
 my good luck ghost @nbc29. he is in good company with the eagle  cat  smokey bear  neal the duck amp the tiny broom. 
 i feel like everyone i know in norcal grows their own weed
 can i walk on a board walk everyday and smoke joints . about to join the bum squad  
 @yungveeru @mhxidri that does not look like cannabis lol
 . oh hey  an entire brick of weed  lets call the feds. 
 this bus smell like straight weed 
 so does everyone smoke on teenmom2 or what 
 my mom walk in the house and say why it smell like weed 
 walks into theater  instantly smells weed
 came home  ate  smoked then knocked out for 3 hrs 
 i know smokey must be excited spring is here. he also looks like hes excited to see me too  
 my parents be like dont smoke a lot but they have govt jobs so they not gone do it with me 
 turning up my speakers so i can happily listen to music while i smoke in my bathroom a documentary by elijah frost
 apache smells of fresh cookies and a hint of marijuana 
 restarted weeds again for like the 40th time. i need a new show to binge watch.
 rolling up the windows while im smoking weeddriving through my town like i dont know the speed
 moviesthatstink @midnight cheech and chong up in smoke.  labrador and muai man 
 its smells like hella weed ima have to wash my hair 
 obviously he doesnt smoke wonderful weed like me. 
 moviesthatstink  cheech and chong up in smoke  my dog ate my stash i had to wait a week to get it back man 
 smoking weed has made me very resourceful. 
 what do you call a cephalopod that likes to smoke weed a podhead
 what do you call a squid that likes to smoke weed a podhead
 whole bridge smells like weed.
 i smoke more than these rappers do  i trap more than they do  make more music than they do  why i aint got clout
 feels good to smoke a blunt in the hood 
 when you have hella weed and no rello 
 irritated cu i lost my weed lmao like who tf does that
 nice papaya is interesting  but not too crazy.  drinking a smoke filled room @ survival research labs   photo
 @scottisbell wow brother wow blown away when i know you guys... thank you so much for the follow brother cannabis families forever
 i dont think ive ever seen rowen run so fast before.. he freaked out when the smoke alarm went off amp ran straight into the room  crying 
 tell me why my dog farted and it smelled like weed 
 either i smoke too much or this was made to resemble a backwoods package 
 my hair smell like weed smoke
 just left work. fuck me. this lyft smells like weed
 i sit outside my house for like 5 minutes n homeboy walks past n is like wyd out here  you tryna smoke uhm duh 
 i still have yet to smoke with someone who like slower music
 dont grow your roots in a bed of weeds  it makes you look indistinguishable from your surroundings.
 she smell the smoke and she know its sesh
 hahahaha bitch u smoke meth
 a singer in a smokey room the smell of wine and cheap perfume  
 i smell like smoke and ive never been happier 
 aww looks like smokey joe 
 woke up to my whole room smelling like weed 
 work was good finna smoke good
 i smoke this broccoli  count this green 
 this bus smells like straight weed 
 leaving the casino smelling like smoke 
 @usweekly theres some weed in the bathroom
 damn i smell like mad weed smh
 oh you dont smoke kwasia do i look like i smoke tsew
 i probably smell like weed
 the sweatshirt im.so in love adore cancelled gender and invented weed 
 can a smalltown lawyer and a vegas excon make industrial hemp respectable again   nchemp 
 we keep hearing that theres smoke around this administration and russia smoke like a cloud whats happening is more like a black hole.
 smoking weed on the beach as my mind workin like playdoh.
 90s babies like weed
 anyone else feel sick in the mornings til they smoke some weed its okay though  its non habit forming.
 now for a long smoke with the pipe  whisky in hand. beattys not getting his victrola back anytime soon...
 i swear flint either smells like weed  old cigarettes or sewage.
 you want a job but you come to the interview smelling like weed and sagging blue jeans good luck with that
 blowing smoke out the sun roof  tweeting from my car screen 2k17
 i lit an incense in the house and my mom text me like can u please smoke ur weed in ur room like girl....
 i like u guys more than i like weed  mak is so cute
 nun but good vibes amp good weed
 girl spent 30 seconds in the store and its smelled like weed mixed with cheap lotion for the last hour.
 shoutout to my asthma for making me cough hella when i smoke and making me get super high
 i just had to put my clothes in the washer too because it smelled like smoke  man im getting so stressed its not even funny
 me smelling my fingers like a day after i hand grinded the ganja 
 when im smoking it be looking like im eating the smoke 
 my voice sounds like i smoke 10 packs a day 
 old smokey... @ newton county  georgia 
 sr475 new general assembly provide by law for the legalization and regulation of marijuana authorize 
 it look like weed so how about i just smoke a little of each and get all that shit 
 this girl in here talking about she about to transfer to seattle to grow weed lol im looking at her like..... girl
 tobacco is a filthy weed  that from the devil does proceed it drains your purse  it burns your clothes  and makes a chimney of your nose.
 i put on this jacket i havent wore in a while and that shit smelled like straight weed and i just wanna know how
 between balancing school  work  and music  if i fwu i must really like you or you have some good weed lmao
 its lil kodak  the finesse kid  boy who hot as me  told the doctor im a health kid  i smoke broccoli 
 bitch mi casa es su casa  i love getting money  finna smoke this ganja.
 i smoke pot a whole lot
 my weed is smelling very weed today.
 ive been so sick these past few days i sound like an 80yr old smoker and it feels like im swallowing nails.
 someone smoked a lot of weed in the bathroom. like. a lot thanks jason 
 no filter  no outstanding lighting  no smoke amp mirrors  just straight gains. @meaganmullins 
 holy smokes  
 i just wanna smoke another blunt with my dog   lay up and talk shit with my dog @sadahtay  shit still feel so unreal 
 ann drew potter they grow like weeds in the evocative garden the annual nceca invitational 
 zachysinitaly @zachys is the first to taste the first vintage of @damilanobarolo chardonnay it is a holy smoke 
 holy smokes 
 walked into the restroom by the band hall and instantly got high by the smell of weed in there
 the entrance to engineering 1 smells exactly like polish city centers old bricks and cigarette smoke
 holy smokes  
 east halls smells like weed again
 i thought my neighbor in yoga class smelled like weed then i realized the chances of that were pretty slim since i was the only one trippin
 holy smokes wow 
 i feel like u always have that one guy in class that does his informative speech on weed
 this  smoke taste so good 
 idc if u smoke cigarettes or whatever but the taste is so awful i just dont see how people get use to it
 @mixedraita @vivtweeter @kvquote @hindustanse @nirbhaisingh07 why would anyone yearn for those old yellowblack smoke spewing aberrations
 i love when my ubers car smells like weed 
 holy smokes 
 i feel like this would @kimistry24 when she smokes 
 let me smoke then reevaluate my life right.
 a smoke shop in hurley we prevail.
 i feel like swimming at a lake and playing sand volleyball with a smokeyyy cook out
 on the streets of boston  i taught my brother something very important. the smell of weed
 on the streets of boston  i taught my brother something very important. the smell of weed @mikeymasciola
 stasia sits in front of the mirror when she smokes cause she likes how it looks 
 it smells like dank weed in big lots
 does anyone know is theres a huge grass fire or something near stillwater so smokey....
 ugh i can already see the radio over playing free smoke or passionfriut
 i sound like i smoke a pack a day 
 b3| javier vaz smokes a one out double off the coleman landscape sign in right center. 1 on 1 out gbr
 my grandma hate riding in my car bc she said it smells like weed 
 holy smokes 
 all i smoke is loud yeah its gone blast in yo ear.
 we treat the pussy like some good weed amp pass that 
 @arronrod @nwsgsp holy smokes
 my sweat tastes like weed lol
 then this man gone ask is it me that smells like weed or was it that white man....
 live from hempstead hs... 
 sooo is bacon like weed for dogs 
 @arianaarenee like u dont have a job  dont go to the gym or school  pick up weed with ur moms money amp u get drunk off a smirnoff..nexttt
 lets go stsmokeshopwinrock fwm @ st smoke shop 
 if you have to ask if you smell like weed the answer is yes  yes you smell like fucking weed.
 i smoke weed and im far from looking like a fucking baser 
 smoking weed like im from the islands 
 my floor in my dorm always smells like weed and off brand febreze
 no one pokes like gaston  or blows smoke like gaston. no ones ego just cant take a joke like gaston.
 when your windows are open and your neighbors smoke right in front of them  
 definitely sitting in the hotel room watching bgc rn.  i got back @ 755  smoked my gas amp came right upstairs. sick.
 @emilyyoshida like  good good or  smoke weed and it is fun to watch good lol.
 hell always float back through my mind like smoke
 when you live life like i do  dress like i do  smoke like i do  people gon talk.
 it smells like the marijuana
 if only we could pay uber with smoke ups 
 im trying to find my connection with god thats why ive been hiding behind this marijuana
 does anyone actually smoke cigarillos lol
 walked outside smelled the smoke walked right back in. no thanks
 all day i kept smelling a faint smell of  weed everywhere i went. found out it was just a roach in my flannel pocket. go kayla.
 i just smoke motha fuckas like it aint no thang
 this uber im in smells like marijuana
 opens the car door  jaida it smells like weed  sorry dad
 my mom said it smelled like weed when she got home but didnt get mad about it 
 they have cat nip marijuana in a jar at this pet store  it actually looks like weed
 dumb ass little kids need to get their money up amp stop copping weed their parents money 
 all i smell is weed throughout my apartment and i dont have any . thanks neighbors
 @maskdbluecollar any color latex makes alien feel good. likes the smokey black the most.
 @annagiannicchi feels better if you actually smoke it 
 my house now smells like smoke  thanks pawnee 
 sounds like the beginning to a joke ..... donald  mickey  and minnie meet up for a smoke break on the vegas strip... natcacfs vegas
 so i havent smoked weed in a couple weeks and im really upset like really upset i need loud and soon
 onalaska 12 hempstead 0  @3atxhsbaseball @onalaskaisd @ojshyrbk ocatsbaseball
 this man sale bbq plates but i never smell no smoke.
 my car smells like weed 
 my fucking throat hurts so bad and for whatever reasons i continue to chain smoke like it will help
 mom bought my car an air freshener because she said it smells like wax and weed
 i dont know why but i absolutely hate calling weed bud  granted i call it like 5 other names but bud sounds weird af to me
 @kfor where is all of the smoke coming from
 i only smoke wit alex 
 @themmexchange cannabis is a god given plant.  god also gave us a endocannabinoid system.
 when your boyfriends father now knows you smoke 
 the whole block smells like fire weed . my whole neighborhood puts em in the air. caliweed
 i love that philly decriminalized weed but does every subway station every day have to reek of it at least smoke better smelling stuff
 where does this weed grow do they put food coloring in the water or something  
 the cigarettes are bullies commercials are logical ig ..the dudes outside smoking missing the party like ok but my friends all smoke so
 whats on fire in edmond  it smell like straight smoke lmao
 my dog smells like a dog and ive tried everything perfume  incense in her collar  liquid smoke in her dindin  everything
 i love the smell of smoke
 when im upset i always smoke a blunt
 this lyft car reeks of weed... im getting a contact high...
 money on my mind marijuana on my taste bud
 can i have some of your weed it seems to make you really high. 
 if you smoke like i smokkeeee then youre high like everyday
 oh i think they like me  in my white tee oh no no know bitch that smoke so much dont need no visine
 that whole building gone smell like sweat  ass amp weed. i can see it now.
 my mama said you was smoking them weeds its smell like a skunk im dead 
 my room always smells like weed and i dont even smoke
 my room smells like weed 
 my smoke is good 
 dear people blowing weed smoke out of their window in my hall  i too have my window open and can smell amp hear everything you say
 i got wayyy too lucky with this guy. holy smokes.
 god i wish i had weed to smoke before the gym right now  havent been in a couple days. ima have hella anxiety in there 
 i swear every night these people smoke weed outside my window and the smell comes through my air conditioner 
 when you get in the car and your parent asks why you smell like weed 
 oh man... secondhand smoke by kelsea ballerini really hit me
 i just wanna raise my shawtys  get this money  have some good pussy in the house and smoke loud.
 me in my free time makes fucking flipagrams about weed
 i was there for all of an hour and everything on me smells like straight weed amp i wasnt even smoking 
 kodak black  told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli   me  i will run around your whole board like mon 
 sounds like the beginning to a joke ..... donald  mickey  and minnie meet up for a smoke break on the vegas strip.. 
 do you ever get an after taste from weed and ur like wtf hahahahaha
 holy smokes 
 we can go to the park after dark smoke that tumbleweed
 when a female wanna smoke like 3 times in under two hours  like do i look like a mothafuckin weed plant
 @machinedrum smoke some kush
 @maninawell27 @alyssabralich who the earf says smoke me down  smoke me out seems sexual
 my uber driver let me smoke a port in his car lol its lit
 gotta smoke something to get the taste of zquil out my mouth
 if smoke dont just pick a damn car  he so extra 
 we bhill .. we go out .. we smoke ... loving the moments amp memories... 
 the smoke after the exhale smells hella sour
 i smoke so much my eyes permanently low
 he looks like frodo weedbaggins 
 but why did i pick the shirt that smells like weed for my interview
 just another day that the bus smells like weed 
 i feel like i need weed... or at least some edibles or something. suggestions on a natural stress reliver
 didnt even smoke this morning but somehow i smell like i just hotboxed on my way to school what the fuck
 professor half of yall smoke i can smell it wtf its 7 ammmm
 im just a nigga that like to smoke good weed and chill with bae
 if our ratchet ass new neighbor sits outside bumping music in his car with 5 other mfers smoking weed one more time  im gunna snap 
 the forecast in denver is smokey... milehigh denver   visit us online 
 @droakley1689 oh  wow  i mustve looked at the wrong goal of yours.  holy smokes.
 @ginorestrepo this is smokey amp bandit
 dcc never fails to have at least one person in the elevator that reeks like weed
 cloud 9 smoking like smokey the bear
 all my clothes smell like fucking weed
 sat down in the quiet area at the 5th floor of the library  opens laptop... py  money  weed begins playing full blast. whispers sorry
 this girl next to me smells like marijuana
 strong dry weed make my eyes bleed..
 @nmbcrowdfunding hey thank you for the follow and for supporting cannabis families everywhere
 the fresh smell of a smoked blunt is gracing my bart car this morning and im not even mad
 bro i swear i just naturally smell like weed 
 @ctvtoronto do people smoke crack there a gathering place for loud mouthed toxic blowhards an embarrassingly idiotic park no then no.
 i want my good girl to smoke weed and love playing nintendo wii 
 a pocket full of weed in the white house 
 @bynumauthors please let me know if you were down in the smoke or at the house
 im just calling to ask why your car smelled like weed again
 smoking weed makes me freak out now lmao everybody grow up
 @tyxbuttflap @zackelmer go smoke weed with your brother  officer tasch
 accidentally bought my spliff to class now the white kids are like omg i smell weed 
 holy smokes 
 i realized i grew up when getting rooms to smoke amp drink became boring to me. i can do that at the house for free 
 holy smokes and mirrors pennandteller onstage at adobesummit abracadabra wow @ adobe summit 
 i usually smoke cigarettes in the bathroom... 
 @thedopeisrealll whats up and thank you for representin for cannabis families everywhere
 you so snitchk why you aint smoke yo homie yet
 @sxmmie @bronwynnrosee all natural medicine that helps alot of people. i dont see anyone overdosing and ruining their life for weed 
 open up my mouth amp all u see is smoke.
 pros to delivering in seattle you get to smell dank weed everywhere
 when people smoke in the house in one room but the cigarette smell just wafts through the whole house. great to wake up to gooutside
 @donfazool anyone can grow weed but it takes talent and dedication to grow good weed 
 my clothes still smell like weed when they come out of the dryer in the best way possible
 @moderndaymoms that is true they grow like weeds gladtogive
 nunes release of wiretapping seems like an awfully good smokescreen for the manafort story from this morning. just sayin
 i think i need to get sick more often  supposedly i sound a lot better bc i have the smokey voice goin on.   vocalist singer nyc
 melrose smells like weed.
 theres no way they go dance like dis unless them na dey smoke igbo
 theres no way they go dance like this unless they don dey smoke igbo
 front office your music is too loud i said naw that weed is loud omg
 convinced that cigarette smoke is what hell smells like 
 seems like @devinnunes is trying to fan the smoke out of the room.  russiagate
 @stonerreport hey shut up thank you from all the cannabis families
 it smells like weed amp pancakes in my apartment
 tell the doctor  im a healthy kid. i smoke broccoli
 @markowarrera who needs to smoke when the air pollution is just as bad as a room hotboxed with cigarettes
 our apartment really lit lmao like its no reason for me to leave my house . we always got weed   liquor . we got a hookah   a stripper pole
 on my straight 1090. who want smoke  
 the smoke shop has the best incense my house smells like a ginger bread cookie 
 i smoke more during lent because i get so high i feel close to god
 is this that marijuanas store 
 la weird b... all i want to do is make money and smoke weed. im good on all the extra.
 holy smokes galt is open and we have traffic crazy excited and humbled for the  opportunity 
 free smoke. this doesnt get old
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 @bj1012682 @jhaystrand   hey john do you smell that. it smells like some peoples asses are getting ready to get smoked in prison
 you can always count on the strong smell of weed when you pull up to a walmart.
 white smoke coming from a top floor of 100 main st. fire  and police  have blocked off a majority of adams st. ac 
 sooo im cleaning out my room and i notice i have a lot of weed baggies lol
 all i got is me  weed and this music
 researching buds to smoke cause im like a kid in a wonderlands april get here fast
 walked up to my car and could already smell the dank lol. cali weed is unreal.
 oh my god what if someone who smoked weed wore a d.a.r.e shirt like wouldnt that be so fun and ironic
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 while most people stare at the fire  i like to the watch the dance the tendrils of smoke do as they make their way off into the sky
 @mulerojordan you dont like drinking. so ideally your partner would be more of a smoker. im not an idiot.
 @wagerfailure @mernahuana yeah so the whole system is a joke. profiteering cannabis so lps can only profit from the sick.
 gimme weed and music and im set
 lol my parents would rather me smoke inside my house than outside in my car  not complaining though
 do i smell like weed nah do i nah you good 2 niggas that smell like weed.
 im rolling up the windows while im smoking weed
 my purse smell like all weed
 810  smells like bacon dog treats  but has a nice smoked ham taste 
 holy smoke...just learned something....can you tell what videoediting videoproduction 
 is it me or does free smoke sound like grammys
 this edible dont even taste like what its supposed to it legit taste like a weed nug. 
 only smoke the good good 
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 went on my nature walk this morning n broke my piece. smh i was upset cause the nearest smoke shops is like 23 hours away. rezproblems 
 @rachelc0ne this is the governments version of natural selection by bear mauling to weed out all the idiots.
 @palmerreport he sounds like he just smoked a boatload of pot every time hes on air.
 smoking weed with adults is so weird theyre hella wasteful
 how do i tell my neighbors i want to smoke weed with them if were both always hiding behind our curtains smoking weed
 i like smoking weed i like getting high.
 if u th bro n anywhere near any of th hollywoods smk sun weed wit mee
 @babsgray its not like he can smoke it like you did.
 impossible to get the smell of weed out my car 
 some of the weed i bought in denver literally smells like the rhino habitat at the cincinnati zoo
 theres a car @ with 4 guys amp a girl and there is like smoke rolling out of their car. like  wow  chill with the weed. 
 dont you just love when the weed smells so danky it makes your taste buds sing 
 when i started smoking weed i thought i was grown and now i look back and im like why was i smoking in 8th grade lmfaoo
 i like a girl with weed .
 this 48 smells like straight up weed but ya know im too tired to care
 smoke weed amp enjoy your fucking life
 a whole city smells like straight weed. 
 the new light rail bridge in contrast to the old highland mills smokestack. uptown looks like a 
 smoke hella weed and stay to myself.
 whenever i smoke i feel like i have to announce it to everyone because its so rare when i do
 construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 21  nassau road 
 construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 21  nassau road 
 update construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road 
 update construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road 
 my weed probably smells like car is the most stereotypical stoner thing i think ive ever said
  weed look like snowflakes
 smoking weed like im from the islands
 @branndhub hey thank you so much pot for parents and cannabis families everywhere thank you
 holy smokes 
 my house smells like weed 247
 everything smells like weed and vanilla in my room hello
 its time to smoke  my heart hurts.
 this entire hotel in new jersey smells like weed.
 a man who had to be evacuated sent me this picture of the smoke near his home before he left @actionnewsjax 
 holy smokes enter jc romero lmaooooo prediction walks in 2 runs 
 @smokeybear ... he can smell a fire  before it turns to flame   thats why they call him smokey  and its how he got his name 
 lol  everyones been saying i look like all i do is smoke  listen to music  work  and promote peace... pretty accurate. 
 oh shhiitt  im spilling my weed everywhere
 loosing my voice sucks because i eaither sound like a 50 year smoker or like im breathing in helium 
 a smoke sesh sounds nice right about now
 i really be wondering if my mom smells weed when i walk in like i know she aint dumb 
 oh yeah  oh yeah  everything is terrible when buying marijuana makes you feel like a criminal.  themenzingers
 question 13 when you told me to smoke in my room because you smoke in yours  why did you forget to tell me you were on the 4th floor
 somehow the wedge on nau finds a way to get worse everytime a slice tasted like how smokers smell if that makes sense
 how do you ask your new roommate to close her door and open her window while shes smoking weed asking for a friend
 at this point i dont care if my room smells like weed
 i smell weed 
 i hate when my car smell like weed and my coworker rider with me.
 someone in lvac got mad weed it smells in the whole building
 im like a henny bear off the smoke rn
 twitter for me is damn near what a cigarette is to smokers. i eat a fat plate of food then hop on twitter just like 
 i messed up taking a hit and coughed through my nose and now i cant tell if its just stuck in my nose or if the house smells like weed.
 as long as i have myself  weed  amp music.
 people look at me weird when i wear my weedmaps shirt 
 boston smells so bad like weed 247 its nauseating
 you know you go to app when the aroma of weed comes in through your 6th floor window
 broke into my house because someone locked the door earlier  and now im debating if i really need to go outside to smoke
 i swear  why like 90 of black people  always smell like weed nigaproblems  yallstank
 i sit in my car and smoke just to hear the music better.
 i smell like smoke 
  i dont know you but it kinda looks like you a smoker blaze up haha but you dress nice 
 all my friends smoke reds marlboro i deserve an endorsement
 y i smell like so much weed
 hb1148 enroll registration of industrial hemp cultivators 
 i smell my weed lmfaoo wtf
 i just straight up swallowed marijuana
 i smell smoke
 julie and i got pulled over i swallowed the weed amp everytime i open my mouth i smell it
 theres something romantic about a strip club you can smoke cigarettes in.
 thank god for marijuana. makes me sleepy. no hangovers no nothing night 
 thank god for marijuana. helps my insomnia. no hangovers no nothing.  hitting the gym hard tomorrow.
 cleared construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road
 cleared construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road
 making papas n chorizo so my house wont smell like weed
 thank god for weed 
 this uber smells like me when i tried to pretend to smoke in high school. old cigarettes and victorias secret body spray. 
 lmao i be coughing the whole smoke sesh
 throw back to my prom days holy smokes  
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 i hate when i smoke b4 school amp somebody smells me and jst stare at me the whole time yall weird.
 the weed smell like throw up..
 my apt buildings elevator smells like a mixture of marijuana and pizza. before 7 a.m. some real gogetters up in this place
 @matthewmmorris my favorite is passing a certain car who makes the whole highway smell like weed.
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 its 7 in the morning and these girls sound like they smoked crack already... @dubloadz crack
 ugh nothing better than the local thotties at school walking past you smelling like a fresh pack of smokes
 my uber driver smells like weed
 she said it smells like reefer 
 im going to work rite now still smell like weed i gotta grab me some oils
 sick of the intrusion of unsolicited sales calls for cannabis oil. i am on dont call list i get dozens of calls a week...on my cell phone
 i needs that weed lawd
 holy smokes 
 i sound like a 71 year old lifetime smoker instead of a 21 year old student athlete when i walk up the park ave stairs
 that shit do work it just make the weed taste scazy 
 all they do is how sex and smoke in the bathrooms then go back to their computers   uber driver
 good weed 
 i only came to school today cuz i ran out of weed this morning lol
 i dont feel like reading. ill smoke my pipe and look out the window during the journey.
 walks in listening to free smoke professor walks over him oh i just wanted to hear if it was rae sremmurd or not
 i set off my smoke alarm this morning making pancakes. maybe this is god telling me i shouldnt have skipped the gym to make pancakes
 i want to be forever  like smoke in the air
 smells like pure weed outside my class lmao
 never smoke what these cules smoke. 12m. lmao 
 whenever i smoke a lot of smelly strains my poop starts smelling like weed
 one of you irrelevants smell like shitty weed and its offending me please remove yourself from the room
 someone had a smoke sesh in the d floor bathroom
 idoma gods ontop igala what did you smoke please 
 savs dog real life ate my weed last night hahahaha wtf
 why does it smell like weed on the first floor of cramer right now lol
 oh sure show up to the unemployment office smelling like weed ...come on dude..im 420 friendly but come on 
 if you bad mouth marijuana you better have your facts straight.
 to my future kids if i find weed in your room im smoking it.
 how do you become 27 and not know what weed looks like
 my english classroom smells like a marijuana factory.
 laid back swervin like im george jones  smoke rollin out the windoooow 
 someone in my finance class smells like straight weed
 skip. where. the. hell. do you get your weed from or do you grow it yourself or do you do lsd or perhaps have a 
 money on my mind marijuana my taste buds.
 when i fart it smells like weed
 always forget to smoke after the gym not before toohighforthis
 my dad asked if i smoke weed w shayla and i was like yea and he was like i thought you were supposed to be the good kid i was like 
 fire alarm going off.  manager just look out the window periodically and make sure there isnt fire trucks or smoke. uhh.. cool.
 can you smoke old bud 
 pulling weeds will not grow your garden. you must pour the water...
 i feel this way about food  and weed  
 we were walking amp it smelled like weed for like 5 seconds amp my mom said really chloe 
 i only make folks look good now  please forget my past  i took a gunshot from around 7 gangsters in chicago after we smoked a kush blunt  
 im going to smoke this blunt in a park because it feels phenomenal outside. 
 cheech and chong up in smoke 
 my hair smell like weed
 pairing a florida sun grown cigar with some smokey mountain air and the background sounds of a 
 smoking weed and tweeting in my car to procrastinate looking for my debit card in my room  that however i know  is not in my room...
 good thing i didnt bring weed with me i forgot where im going is a federal building 
 for some reason everywhere i go it smell like weed
 i smoke a backwoods of the skunk fuck a swisher
 so we go upstairs to smoke amp one of my roomies was downstairs with the two girls so she text us saying they left ag 
 like i now realize that the room i got guitar lessons in when i was 12 always smelled like axe body spray not quite covering up pot smoke.
 the 5th edition of the state of legal marijuana markets is now available click below to order the report  data mmj
 incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w3e ...httpst.contgolbtvgo
 incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w3e ...httpst.coti7izpxu6f
 the 5th edition of the state of legal marijuana markets is now available click to order the report  data cannabis
 when u walk out 2 smoke amp 2 gather our thoughts but someone is always up in your face. 
 that weed so good
 holy smokes  even @aintitcoolnews is down with mayhem 
 coworker girl u smell like weed me buys a whole new outfit before my shift
 my brother ass not gone graduate if he keep playing. all he do is smoke and not go to school.
 cleared incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w3e  hempstead turnpike
 cleared incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w3e  hempstead turnpike
 stanky weed smelling dude got ducked off when white police officer pooched in the door. im laughing like hell.
 your car smells like weed  and yours smells like wendys and dust bunnies. last time i checked  your opinions dont pay my car payment.
 you know youve hit la when the freeway smells like weed
 the kids vape smoke in front of me today straight up smelled like a caramel frappucchino from starbucks
 is this what weed looks like 
 i wonder how much of the air is cigarette smoke in ny. 
 drew hempel yelling in the distance 
 still straight with the weed and the liquor these days
 he hacks like a 40 year old smoker and smells like death but i guess i love him 
 being the only person in a group of 89 who doesnt smoke feels slightly awkward
 @milavecnick @kaitlyn94960038 but it smells like smoke too
 holy smokesthis is horrible. 
 @howlanderica @patrickstar1823 this is very correct. @go4martin and i suffered through the smoke filled house. were lucky to be alive
 oh and my lungs  because i binge smoke when i drink
 walked into my house and all i smelled was weed...i dont even smoke and i live alone. how
 i pledge to provide loud music and weed always
 @sk8rdad2000 it has bbq in middle of town order food in smoke room order by pound ribs  brisket chicken sausage... sooo good tater salad
 window open and shit. sun shining thru. weed lit. incents flowing. music vibing
 topher in kid cannabis is my favorite person
 ive came to the realization that if you dont fuck with cookies your a boring ass nigga haha i hate when niggas say all they smoke is o.g.
 someone smoke me out and make me feel better.
 @murdog1 he might want to bring along some of that overtaxed weed  tobacco and booze to persuade them
 @breakonebarrier how about leela. i am going mad with leela. or smoke
 im tired of seeing you ny niggaz posting your good ass weed
 how you let those ghost writing rumors turn you into a ghost.. oh you niggas got jokes.. free smoke  free smoke.
 @king68iou1 hopefully weeden wont cut it imo
 dont smoke with 3 kids in the car with your windows rolled up dip shit
 happy gloday to the homie hope you have a good one gotta smoke a l soon @nrobinson23 
 the fact that my manager smokes and lets me smoke whenever is great like que mas quiero
 holy smokes 
 i just walked through college green and it smelled like straight weed  someone has balls of steel
 real music amp good weed soothes the soul 
 im not a stoner  i just like smoking weed
 how everyone feels when they smoke weed vs how i feel 
 im so sick of my neighbors saying that the smell of weed is coming from my apartment when i dont even smoke here
 my apt complex smells like weed and hamburgers... now i want both...
 @killacalibree off that ganja i be knocked.. comatose state and all lat
 i have no desire to smoke when im sick
 i feel like i only smoke when im on vacation.... 
 heb is coming to hempstead which means so does a whataburger and chickfila
 i feel bad for people that smoke mid. kush will change your life
 downtown always reeks of weed i love it
 the only thing that beats the taste of weed is the taste of pussy. please rt
 that shit does not look like weed at all 
 nah you still look like a trailer park mom who smokes a pack a day 
 smells like weed and hot dogs i really am home
 my neighbor is trying to tell me i cant smoke weed on my back porch lol
 plot twist smokes a backwood
 new music video tomorrow at 1pm. we sound hella different and the songs about smoking weed and being depressed
 damn great one from nh. smells like weed and tastes like... stardust to stardust dipa  photo
 good smoke  good vibes  good music
 update im having a body dysmorphic moment of whatever and i have no weed 
 its going to cost montebello residents 249 to get a permit to grow marijuana plants in your house 
 i wish i could still smoke  a blunt sounds hella good right now
 glad it smells like weed in my room
 my car smells all like weed
 cj when we were little he came over to my house and we smoked a whole pack of cigarettes 
 yay  my closet smells like bad cigarretts now  how i dont even smoke
 my uber driver looks like a guy i would smoke weed with in college. and he is playing herbie hancock.
 my uber smells like weed and im pretty sure hes high...but i still really need a ride so ill just pray 
 the inside of my car smells like weed and air freshener
 why would you smoke broccoli 
 holy smokes 
 trying to find passion where theres no love left  is like trying to put smoke back in this cigarette
 trying to find passion where theres no love left  its like trying to put smoke back in this cigarette
 what the fuck ever  none of my business. just mad  you made keeley feel bad. its whatever though. she just needs a smoke and alls good.
 i told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 looks like theyre grasping at smoke  more like it 
 you smoke broccoli i eat it
 some of our great skincare team at our live demo open house tonight. no smoke and mirrors here 
 straight from california smelling like the weed man
 jennifer our microblading expert working hard at our live demo open house no smoke and mirrors 
 oh thank heaven for weed dealers and 711. bars
 i want whatever he smoked 
 count up and smoke hella buds 
 um i almost got bagged yesterday when i bought weed ina houseshe dont like the smell of weed 
 holy smokes 
 no weed be having me upset .
 at the gym and my shirt smells like straight weed
 new mixes coming out hiphop and trapedm blast laredo tx @ la catrina hookah lounge amp smoke 
 so apparently  not wanting weed in my room makes me a dick 
 lock me in a room  light a candle  roll some weed  cuddle  press play..... ifiwasyours 
 im in an uber and i smell like weed so bad
 i hate the smell of smoke  yet i always keep coming back to the ranch 
 me in 2011 smoke meth hail satan   me in 2017 thank god for the day
 holy smokes
 @vtrevyn is this why your new car smells like cigarette smoke 
 after 4 years  i feel like ive finally weeded out the garbage on twitter and i genuinely like my followers. feels good
 holy smokes what a game. 11 seed xavier with the upset
 im not naming names but somebody smoked all my broccoli and ironically he looks like broccoli
 holy smokes @jjbareapr taking blake down is amaze balls only moment better in this @dallasmavs season so far is 
 had a good evening with the broski. smoked  good talk  boba  and playing cards... life is good.
 amanda would rather smoke boges than have her finger grow back
 if you sellin shouldnt your phone always b on loud and next to you niggas like to smoke at night js
 i like smoking weed
 the outside of my apartment complex always smells like a combination of weed and laundry
 excited for the moment i get to walk into a burning building with flames and smoke everywhere.. as awful as it sounds
 holy smokes.  this whole thread.  great reporting 
 sean and i just smoked a bowl with our uber driver  on god 
 i swear me an slim smoked a zip 
 fhp has blocked cr 119 at us 301 near brycevile this morning because of smokefog near burning wildfire. gmj 
 @mashable ........................ smart ............. marijuana ......farmers ..............
 who did @mattbrickman and i upset the most in that last segment on medical marijuana for dogs
 happy its friday  good morning people have a very blessed day @ hempstead lirr train staion 
 cr 119 is completely closed due to smoke in bryceville on cr121 on cr119 traffic 
 cr 119 is completely closed due to smoke in bryceville on cr121 on cr119 traffic 
 @etonoldboys @acesneights13 has happened in california sold state parks bc its too costly to maintain now marijuana grown by illegals there
 this nigga look like he smoke crack with his mom calling me a hoe.  
 real shit look at me inside the white house  with a pocket full of weed inside the white house
 i dont get how people smoke cigs  like if you like the smoke grab a joint. it taste better  makes ya feel better and doesnt stink
 would have been cooler if it were the bandits truck  smokey and the bandit for u dems who dont understand satir 
 i can have a whole grinder caked w pack and my boy will not roll it into fattys he rolls skimps to save weed  like 
 so ready to smell tire smoke and racegas
 road trip tbts me and a bear in arizona  me in the bathroom of a medical marijuana dispensary in dc  mall mirror 
 good dope. good smoke.
 i feel like shit  whos down to smoke a blunt
 crystal left the door open while cooking breakfast to let smoke from the bacon escape. 
 is marijuana professionally acceptable to post on the internet yet its like halfway legal sooo... asking for a friend 
 when i loose my voice why cant i sound alllllll cute and raspy  why do i sound like a 80 year old smoker...
 why does it smell like weed in here because i just smoked 
 passed out in the waiting room for my appointment  then my doctor told me that i look pretty lit and that drugs are bad...unless its weed.
 this is my friend. he smoked a weed onetime and now he looks like this  i rt 1 prayer 
 one of the neighbors next to my work smoke amp it smells hella dank outside hahahah
 pnhs legit just smells like pizza amp weed
 tell the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli 
 tell the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli 
 i smell weed in the elevator
 i smoke nothinn but the broccoli 
 thank god theres other smoke shops that fwm
 nothing like being healthy amp high off weed
 upset about the talk on cracking down on recreational cannabis dont worry oregons got you  
 why we all look high lol i know i smoked before i came but sheesh 
 i literally feel like the only person who doesnt smoke weed lol
 this dude came into class smelling like weed and this lady said man i wanna be wearing the same cologne your wearing 
 i had vegan pad thai and a diet coke for lunch and now my burps taste like weed
 i dont get how people like to smoke that shit feels like torture
 look at me inside the white house..with a pocket full of weed inside the white house
 @realdonaldtrump do you smell smoke  thats trumpcare burning on the floor of the house.
 on the road so much i forgot how my bed feel.   smoke dza. 13 hrs and going. hustlehard 
 never smoked a bong before and coughed 5 minutes straight.
 i just want to have a smoke sesh and work on music with @dizzywright amp @iamdemrick
 being able to smell weed on people is so odd haha
 i hate cigarettes but anytime someone gets in my car and i know they wanna smoke i let them bc i feel bad 
 ok  sorry smokers. but this pool smells like a ghetto bingo hall. some addictions are more stinky and obtrusive.   but i still support you
 i really like how people feel the need to remind me how high i look or if i smell like weed 
 why do so many hipsters smoke its not a good look.
 like the key open the door i twist the weed i bought because i dont know how to cope with shit
 when someone passes you the weed 
 i be hungry for like 8hours straight but cant eat. as soon as  i smoke  im snapping on anything edible.
 @olderhippiechic hey thank you so much for supporting cannabis families
 were so damn close to denver i can almost taste the recreational marijuana
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 smells weed
 everyone at the mall smells like weed.
 i dont smoke weed when im sad or some bs like that i smoke it because i like it lol
 my car reeks of weed amp tacos
 whys it smell like weed outside of chickfila yall know thats where jesus lives
 coffee and weed taste so good together
 when there is a lovely meaty smell wafting about and you remember you put on smoke meat and that smell is coming fr 
 @yungcrystizzle also it smells like weed 
 i smell weed in my room but dont know where its coming from
 wanna slap all the dealers in texas like this is what cali weed smell like 
 its crazy how i can be a block down from my house and smell weed coming from it lol
 passing up my weed man house like 
 when the barbershop smell like marijuana 
 why does your room smell like marijuana me its just my feet c
 what is going oni heard explosions and now smoke in borough hall @fdnyalerts 
 i swear to god i just got healthy enough to feel how much weed i smoked this week
 when you smoke weed for the first time at the age of 19 and your dad makes you feel like a piece of shit 
 @legalmarijuan11 whats up guys thank you so much for the follow excited to reach your followers cannabis families and pot4parents
 smell that marijuana smoke ina air 
 why dooes my jacket smell like smoke
 drinking a smoke filled room by @hopbutcher @ burning garbage can  
 i order everything online from shoes to wings. hell ill order my weed online if my plug was set up like that 
 i love when i finally open my windows and my neighbors smoke cigarettes all day. 
 why do you smell like a cigar maybe because i fucking smoked one 
 @mobarbq it definitely lived up the hype. very good smoke there bro enjoy 
 zain calls a dog pound to get a dog and the dude didnt speak english so we said do you have marijuana and now the dude wont stop call zain
 it really started smelling like weed when the bus driver came back on the bus from his break lmfao
 i like good weed i like bad bitches that can roll it up and a rider thats gon hold me down no matter what
 my cousins car smells like straight weed and i love it 
 @hbll whats going on the bathroom by the periodicals definitely smells like someone was smoking weed in there.
 sitting in this nail shopping thinking i smell like weed 
 babe hopped in the whip today and immediately said your car smells like weed 
 the cub on a cub smokeybear pipercub @ smokey bear historical park 
 i just walked into some shoe store and it smells like straight marijuana
 somebody just sparked up in the hair salon. ima be so drove if my hair smells like weed 
 im just going to watch cheech and chong all day and smoke to heal
 ofc this store would smell like pure weed 
 bandit outdrives smokey filmsin3words
 why does it smell like a skunk andor weed in here
 yes i smoke newport  if you dont like it i wont do it in front of you consideration
 nothing makes me happier than the smoke coming from a freshly popped bottle 
 nothing makes me happier than the smoke coming from a freshly popped bottle 
 sorry. i like to function when i smoke
 it got a lil warm today and now my whole blcok smells like weed and chicken lmfaoooo
 this shit tastes like drinking liquid weed wtf 
 cash to drop off  weed and drugs to pick up  bitches to fuck. thank god im on adderall.
 smoking raws from now on.. used to smoke the woods but they taste like cigs
 feeling out of place  as i whistle a cab down. if i tip extra can i huff a cig blowing smoke out the window droppi 
 listened to a lil music amp smoked a whole lotta weed and now im starting to feel a little better 
 me someone either smells bad or like weed  jill stank or dank
 this weed put bobbi right to sleep.. we are dinner at like 6 and she been knocked out ever since
 does this shit have weed in it tastes like it.
 this weed tastes fucking nasty bye
 and we smoke that kush.
 we are in colorado and my 8 year old brother just said mom i wanna try to smoke weird while we are here we are all shook
 most defintely going to get some weed when i leave this fucking place...
 ive been able stop straighten my hair   make some spaghettios   and smoke a bowl and my boyfriend still isnt here ....
 south carolina smoked baylor smh @irasmith93 you straight bro
 my uber is letting me smoke in his car
 ugh  savages on the livepd. smoke alarm is chirping. how can they live like that
 someone in vegas smoke me out god dammit.
 our house was born bad too often  it sneaks out to backyard to smoke cigarettesmake cat calls on apartment next door  tcmparty
 my mom found a cigarette in her car amp she thinks its mine  i dont even like the smell of them  why would i smoke it...
 the philly subway smells like weed and people who own samsung phones
 it smells like weed all over walmart
 im going to be a botanist and grow marijuana for a day job
 somebody in here smell like straight weed
 lmao it actually blows that i cant smoke out the window @ my parents house
 @3rdsworld holy smokes thats unreal
 the whole desoto smell like weed  everybody high or sum
 holy smokes congrats and hats off to @devinbook 
 is it weird that i dont smoke  but i like hookah  
 this time gardendale smells like weed.
 lol that seems to have stopped them. i dont smell smoke in the stairwell right now. i guess it seeped through their own wall bam
 i dont smoke like that but she do  so i bought her ah zip  @ 
  @ tropical oasis smoke shop amp hookah lounge 
 whats the weed like in japan 
 ive always loved my size but looking back on my old pics when i was smoking weed i was so skinny like sick lookin skinny
 they smoke it like cigarettes lol 
 so mom said no to the weed and no to picking the lock on the door at the liquor store 
 frost gives me weed it feels like i have wings
 it smell like some good ol loud in my house to bad i dont smoke
 lol kid turning your parents in for weed. welp looks like he will be grounded livepd
 whats your thoughts on medical marijuana and decriminalized it marijuana legalized 420 decriminalizedmarijuana weed
 from coughing for like a week straight  im starting to sound like ive smoked for 50 years. deep manly dontcallmeyoullgetconfused
 @cblunt58 holy smokes
 oil pens than you need to dry out and smoke some flower for a few months. i like to alternate or even just mix both if i feel like im going
 maybe i should drink the whole fifth didnt used to smoke a lot now i need the whole zip
 @greyhaavens i mean i smoke too but people hate the smell and i drive uber so its just like haha the fuck
 really good weed filmsin3words 
 this dude has mod where he can grow weed on skyrim. i need that for fallout 4
 look at him. holy freaking smokes. 
 when the old kush man trying to send prices for his fake ass weed 
 smells like hella marijuana in my room
 @hi3cc holy smokes
 free smoke sounds just like summer 16
 i been playing father son holy smokes errday lowkey
 halfway down the road with 6 new friends amp i randomly break the silence with  sooo yall smoke bud my whole car got lit  real quick.
 good weed amp good music
 my fingers always smell like weed
 this boy likes me.. but i dont like him... i just like smoking his weed
 likes one weedhumor post 
 im bout drunk as shit. i smell weed. im boutta throw up.. this monayyyy
 maybe its the weed talking but i feel like whoever came up w the term the devils lettuce didnt have a very good grasp on what lettuce is.
 girl gimme yo ipad so i can roll my weed
 u r not awkward for smoking weed 
 wtf i just came out for a smoke not a show
 so  now that all the smokes cleared  its you amp me kid you know i miss you alot. youre better than i deserve. i love you girl  
 oh my god i love weed
 ima healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 jake smoked a cigarette through my ear  idk what could be more romantic
 someone call me im on my smoke walk
 damn i took the smoke and walked away. it does pay to look good
 i dont mind the smell of weed at all but i really mind when my pendeja roommates smoke in the living room of the apartment.
 so sick and tired of picking up trash that isnt mine. im so sick of my room smelling like a smoked filled  spilled beer trash bar.
 smells like im rolling in bout 40gs of marijuana 
 synthetic marajuana is not and never will be marijuana. people need to stop playing god. level 2 whoo hoo stronger. 
 my makeup brushes smell like weed
 when the karaoke room gets boxed and your clothes smell like smoke and a long night of bad decisions lol
 grow ops  the legal way  hamont is home to at least three major marijuana cultivators  
 good morning from naindoor we hit the floor at 433pm today at hempfield high school @ 
 completely sold on vaping because it doesnt make you smell like smoke  covers the cravings and it tastes so much better than cigarettes
 accurate lol weed smell so good 
 wit a pocket full of weed in the white house. @rickyrozay 
 our whole floor smells like weed and it aint from me 
 this weed so fruity lol
 @potus is this like  i f you legalize marijuana teens will be smoking pot everywhere that didnt turn out to be true ether.
 whenever i go to smoke shes always like enjoy ya nasty cigarillos
 it feels bomb out  lets smoke
 its like trying to put smoke back in this cigarette
 grow more weed and orangesstepstoreverseclimatechange
 thank you smoke  
 hurts my heart when beautiful singers smoke. like nooooo you need that voice and those lungs to make music 
 all my clothes smell like chronic smoke
 it feel good not to smoke these cigarettes 
 holy smokes justiceleague 
 we appreciate your reviews  feels good making people happy with weed  @weedmaps  time4terrapin 
 aint trying to get out my bed till noon neighbors smell the perfume  smoke in my room
 tonight ryan ashley performing live at glamour girls 14428 hempstead houston tx 77040 
 people that smoke with their kids in the car should get them taken away.
 setting up for waiting for weed @ writers and actors reading and performing theatre 
 when you walk into a tour room to prep for mane event and it smells like marijuana 
 my major is horticulture oh so you wanna grow weed ya actually lol 
 feel like i smoked 2 blunts of some gelato i cant move wtf
 @t0ronto holy smokes
 like how do you smoke 8 cigarettes in like in an hour . your lungs are fucking fried 
 i dont know whats going in hells kitchen but damn the entirety of west 49th street smells like the stankiest dankiest weed in the world 
 holy smokes 
 its smells like weed in my room 
 oh man my weed grew legs and walk away.
 everyone thinks im high asf but im sick as ever like jesus . does marijuana make you cry 247  no being sick does
 mornings like this make me wish i smoked cigarettes so i could be just extra trashed.
 andy from weeds is my dad oh my god hes so hot
 the weed out here is like...toooooo good. i was figuratively baked like a cake the whole night. 
 my uber driver is smoking weed...
 we finna make alex go viral with the weed pic
 ima smoke the whole thang and use all 3 rubbers
 i promise you any car i own will always smell like a whole lotta dope smoke.
 straight smoke 
 all of northlake smells like some dank ass weed.
 my moms eyes were so red from allergies and the dr left the room and she yells out the door to me i told you we shouldnt have smoked pot
 it physically hurts me to watch people smoke cigs inside of brand new cars
 mom air out you room why mom it smells like some fire ass weed in here  
 me why this weed smell like this friend oh this not weed.... me 
 yeah  theres a guy smoking weed in the bathroom at queens center. itsinqueens
 another happy customer. thanks @vez2775 for your order hope you enjoy the smokes. cigars 
 feels good not to smoke in 3 months healthylungslol
 holy smokes @shayes287 
 my mama just asked me why i smell like weed like i havent been friends with ariel for years 
 dad to the rental car lady which one smells the most like weed already  thats the one i want.
 had burrito brothers but i had smoked so iguess thats that kid 
 oh my god dont hit me up if youre just tying to get us to smoke u up im not a fkn dispensary
 whats the best way to get marijuana smell out of my car
 my blanket smells like weed
 dogs weed whacked  scared and in pain dog 
 elevator smoked out on the top floor
 how can anyone still smoke a blunt like tobacco rillos are honestly the devil and i feel like throwing up everytime i take a puff.
 @bakatakasugi streets smell like weed.
 feels good to smoke again
 excellent. doesnt taste its weight. smells like dank weed ... momentary lapse of reason  photo
 im at turkuaz mediterranean gourmet in hempstead  ny 
 it smells like weed and hot dogs
 have you had our coffee yet fratellocoffee fratellocigars @ smoke and joe lounge 
 that moment when you realize the random selection of weeds isnt so 
 everyone should try to grow weed that way that they can realize how fucking hard it is to grow some fire buds.
 when someone sits next to you smelling like shitty weed  like damn at least smell like the good stuff if you gonna sit here 
 when your brother steals weed lmao my life is sick
 all my girlfriends like to drink more than they like to smoke amp it makes me sad
 sorry i missed you all at church  i pulled some weeds out back  and i had an allergic reaction to some thing i stayed home  im better now
 @cooleebravo bro i rarely smoke cigarettes lol like every blue moon lol idk why im shaking like that 
 john tavares. holy smokes. 10 isles.
 just saw a fucking idiot blowing weed smoke into a dogs ear... im pissed
 picking weeds in the front flower garden this evening  didnt realize my faithful companion was 
 why wont you give me full tradein for my car because you smoked in it and it smells like the bottom of an ashtray.
 music and ganja ... giottos 
 my dad just came at me sideways saying his grill smells like weed
 ryanashley performing live at glamour girls march 23rd25th... 14428 hempstead houston tx 
 you can smell all the weed in la bless
 finally at the smoke shack  oh my god
 why watch life when you have something better made in 1990  for a 10th of the cost and people smoke in a spaceship thedarjsideofthemoon
 why watch life when you have something better made in 1990  for a 10th of the cost and people smoke in a spaceship thedarksideofthemoon
 i smell the weed where is the weed
 my beauty blender smells like weed 
 i only managed to smoke with 1 of the 3 neighbors i wanted to burn with on this walk with zoey.
 this looks a lot like our sunday pickup games if you add a whole lot of weed everywhere 
 when your water bottle smells so bad of weed you feel the whole gym can smell it. whoops
 the birthday boy did a lil somethin on the smoker. mowgli  our dog  helped as a taste tester. 
 righteous bud. holy smoke
 music and smoke kae music and smoke ...
 dog woke man at 3 a.m. who then saw smoke  knocked on doors to warn residents about massive woodstock apartment fir 
 stephen made my entire room smell like weed
 ive had enough stoner friends to know weed smells doesnt smell good  that shit smells like skunk tf 
 i like smokin weed  i like gettin fly  i like havin sex  i like girls who ride
 my neighbors are partying and i swear i can smell the ganja.
 my pops said my car smells like weed amp jessica said blame it on her  real nigga
 dorms smell like weed poorly covered by fabreze and bad decisions
 no smoke amp its dry .. i been listening to hella music
 starting to feel like spring come hangout and party with us  and smoke on a hookah open till 4 byob  and a live dj.
 im just a girl who loves her dog  to travel  hike and smoke a little ganja 
 cheech amp chong up in smoke tour 
 holy smokes. what a goal by winnick
 pretty good. dank nose and a hemp taste with a sharp hop bite. a nice swee... yellow rose  photo
 to all the religious people out there  god made marijuana. 
 i want a god who is really cool. i would like to order a god who smokes and really is cool and 
 a kiss is as harmful as smoking weed..
 me at 3 years old and i look like i just smoked a spliff  
 me at 3 years old and i look like i just smoked a spliff  
 you smell like weed no shit i have it in my pocket you stupid fuck
 eric said his kids are gonna sell my kids overpriced weed but jokes on him bc my boujee kids will only do the hard stuff
 it smells like a bag of weed outside my house..
 if youre in the midwest and you smell skunks its definitely skunks  but if you smell skunks in the nw theres a 99.9 chance its weed.
 fina smoke like 7
 im never in a mood to smoke but i feel like that would really put me to sleep right about now 
 @jiminsiatina the city dont smell like weed no more they cleared the air for u
 on god kansas just smoked it wtf
 my sisters  boyfriends  friend  smells like weed and im really irritated about it
 holy smokes... @wischlist @jwernerscout @alioneye 
 both for me but ill smoke a whole zip if you lemme . 
 i always have liquor  weed amp edibles  what i never want is company tho 
 outside on the line like where the weed at
 @realjohnlove i aint never smoked before im open to cigars doe  thats a brand id be on  im off bacardi tonight doe
 my @lyft drivers car smells like cigarette smoke so bad i want to vomit. im going to smell like cigs amp im slightly pissed about it.
 holy shit i just listened to the bbw weed bit and i legit cried
 my car smell like straight weed amp cigarettes
 when the smell of weed comes through the air vent into my bathroom i love it so much guys
 protip the weed doesnt smell as bad if you use a vaporizer. svengoolie
 i need some ganja. who got the good in miami doe
 does anyone remembrr the man dracula killed while he was in the same asylum by entering his room as a puff of green smoke
 smells like the powderpuff girls smoked down here
 why does my car smells like weed
 at a pool hall in erie and you can smoke inside lol 
 i smell like pussy  money  an weed. she say ooo i like your cologne
 i just need one girl i smoke with and open up to like i open up w my niggas
 god is so great. 7 to smoke aint no joke burping out my dinner during my last few rounds  . i 
 jennifer my better half makes custom hemp necklaces  anklelets  
 where the smoke at doe 
 my whole apartment smells like weed. i dont smoke. i fucking hate my stupid pothead neighbors.
 just got back to the hotel and i smell like straight weed and cigarettes all because of bourbon street.... lmao
 i either smell a shit ton of weed or a pole cat. skunk 420
 but the smokes going into the dogs ear so 
 u kno issa smoke sesh when blunts are handed left amp right
 my mom said these people opened a clothes store next to her amp ever since its been smelling like weed so its probably a shop
 when i open up my car door all you see is smoke
 i just bought hella snacks cuxs my brother finna give me hella weed cuxs im not old enough to go the club with him
 i smell like cologne and weed but i didnt even smoke 
 black smoke slowly crawls to the sky like a plague blocking out the sun the smell of burning 
 paypal me money for weed
 so my bedroom is above our balcony  amp my aunty smokes ciggs amp my window is open.. my room smells now. had to close my windows amp shit.
 should of got some weed before i came in
 jon woke up and made me a sammich bc im lazy amp my body feels like i got smoked by a car 
 walked to the car to get sum and a car posts up and all i can think of was get out so i hella walk back but it was the weedman
 a pillow that would be smelling like weed fucking round with me 
 im weak theres a little spot by my house where people go amp smoke amp i always catch people turn down the road lmao
 @reefermadness  probably mattis is closest  but with a nickname like mad dog  i dont know you have room for me in canada  reefer
 you know you smoke a lot of weed when you find a whole blunt on the floor.
 they smoke weed out here like they cigarettes 
 my car definitely smells like weed 
 shout out to my neighbors who smoke cigarettes outside my window at 2am 
 where all the weed mans at on the strip in vegas lol i smell it everywhereeeee
 passed out at like 7pm.. its 3am. my ass is never going back to sleep unless i smoke like 3 blunts
 want smoke but that walk long
 this uber driver has the car outside air filter on and i just...its gone from smelling like rain to piss to weed to smoke to burnt rubber
 what smells about indianas vaping law could it be marijuana 
 would anyone like to smoke a blunt with me
 the parable says that during the final judgment  the angels will separate the sons of the evil one the tares or weeds
 kelseys not home so lets all smoke cigs in the house and snapchat it   idiots.
 cigarettes and weed both smell good to me
 smell the weed from my bed
 woody harrelson quitting weed after 30 years. good for him cough looks like ive 20 to go 
 i went from king of the corner to breaking down weed on my diploma  straight ballin like a bitch.
 ihavebeenthinkingand that explains the smoke pouring out of my ears nyuk 
 and as an added bonus  alamo through in the fresh scent of chain smokers. i feel like if i was 
 so put them on your clothing  green house so your food can be clean  put all round your homes   chemtrails are smoke from airplane 
 thank u green chef ur name sounds like a cannabis cooking company 
 bruhh i woulda cried thats like 100 worth of weed  
 if she smoke blacks the  taste like lost souls 
 room looks like it smells like weed  hennessy amp armpits  
 i woke up to my truck smelling like weed 
 i like to smoke. 
 mornings without marijuana be like 
 rt if your weed doesnt look like this 
 feel like i just smoked crack wtf
 i smell like smoke  good dank tho
 morning from our team at smokesumbbq  set up today at ishine carwash  see ya soon
 uber driver ratings  4.9 your mans  somehow has family from your hometown.  4.7 car smells like smoke.  4.5 will probably kidnap you
 i love when ppl make my house smell like cigarette smoke. thank u
 a 10 pound bundle of marijuana washed up on the beach near daytona on saturday 
 to my new neighbors stop smoking weed every day im getting sick of the smell... thnx
 backyard scenery  coffee  smokes  music.  the world feels just right.
 @juliedanderson wow thank you so much for the follow and hello to your followers thank you for supporting cannabis families everywhere
 theres no one on my hall. it smells like weed. i dont smoke weed.  either ghosts like to get high or i have major sleep walking problems
 is it just me or does the entire town of blue mound smell like weed
 still taste the weed from last night like shit lol
 ill make a trip to the plug but i like my weed delivered to my front door.
 me idk how this fits the painting kid next to me oh wow look at that rod out of the top its like the smoke comi 
 i know when my supervisor walks in because i can smell tobacco.  im a smoker  i shouldnt be able to smell that. how do you smell so bad
 my mom said i smell like a weed plant lmao wtf
 its not exactly basketball diaries but i like to smoke a doobie before i hit the gym 
 glad i have neighbors i can smoke and chill with
 mackenna i just straightened your hair and it smelled like weed 
 my car smells like cologne and weed
 i just hugged my cat and she smells like some good ass weed.  bitch  why you holdin out on me i feed you.  cc @thevandalousone
 if you smoke like i smoke then youre high like everyday
 pink cookies in the hemp blunt
 ihavebeenthinkingand smoke is coming out of my ears.
 bruh my car smells like beer and weed 
 camerons uncle smelled like my mom used to old cigarette smoke and so when his aunt hugged me i just started crying. it was embarrassing
 i was like let me go stash this and i walked out into the hall holding an entire sandwhich bag of weed as my brother and that thing walked
 swear either my boss doesnt trip when i come to work smelling like weed either he doesnt care or he doesnt know what it smells like 
 i still taste weed in my mouth 
 my closet smell like straight weed  it be hitting me soon as i open it
 some yummy seafood at the old oregon smoke house   
 a great man once said light a cigarette so he dont smell the weed.    now heres a video of me catching a pig wh 
 kd only went to golden state to smoke weed recreationally for his injuries
 im at elab smokers boutique in rochester  ny 
 golds gym locker room smells like weed 
 why would you smoke a cigarette with your dog in the car with the windows rolled up...... idiot
 tell me why it deadass smells like weed in my room
 liquor and weed
 @icofyre holy smokes
 i was guilty of this when i felt like a rebel for smoking weed all the time like evry other kid over the age of 14 in new jersey
 sundayfunday god doesnt pull weeds  he picks flowers
 watching this improbable sc basketball run with the doors and windows open and my neighbor has the dankest weed
 ihavebeenthinkingand now smoke is coming out my ears
 my grandma is blind and wants to know why it smells like gas whenever i smoke
 the room probably smelled like paul masson  weed  ass  and regret.
 better do like smokey and go on the side of the building 
 if feels good not having to sneak to smoke weed lenienthousehold.
 came home from napa to freshly smoked pork courtesy of the boyfriend  so obviously a shredded 
 gotta wash my hair   smelling like straight smoke
 i feel so good  now i just need some weed.
 i did smoke like 2 dabs before going to this movie 
 i know how to create music with my need for marijuana
 thank the lord you left the lobby @obeyinfnts kids are spraying with drakons n throwing smokes jesus christ
 dnvrlostfound found black amp white dog on smokey hill amp buckley near wagontrail aurora black and white dog 
 for all weed haters 
 i just wanna thank god for weed 
 i smoke tho so my breath jus smelled like smoke.... yall breath smell like pure shit
 oh my goodness if it looks like you need a weed whacked before you ever start this process... most likely not a go 
 dont smoke kids 
 broo my dad smells like weed
 look me in the eye and tell me greg gumbel doesnt smoke mad kush
 shout out denver for having weed friendly hotels im hella in it tonight
 @carverjohns dogs need love too  and weed dog chewys
 24 hours no weed feel like a movie
 i feel like the police sells the weed themselves or smoke it or probably both 
 both stink rt @ieansquad when you smell cigarettes vs when you smell weed 
 the washing machines are my school smell like weed 
 i would appreciate if my neighbors didnt make me and my animals experience second hand smoke constantly either.
 i live in my own apartment. you shouldnt smoke so much to where i can smell it whenever i open my front door
 that ending was what march madness is about. holy smokes.
 good games amp good smokes 
 went for a run just now doing laundry playing music smoking some weed showering and then im going to read with some tea
 literally all of la smells like weed and im not even mad about it
 waylon would sure be mad as hell if he knew they cuffed ole willie for smoking weed
 nick cage smonkin a weed  
 whoever smokes cigs issa dumbfuck
 watching smokey bear try and chase down the bandit  always makes me think of the intimidator @dalejr smokeyandthebandit
 never fails. if its not the tobacco falling all over me  its the weed. lmao  
 @erontime whats up man thank you for the follow and thank you for supporting cannabis families
 put it on the lineee for me..do you smoke broccoli
 put it on the lineee for me.. do you smoke broccoli
 .@johnhall thank you guys for the likes make sure you follow to show your support for family cannabis and cannabis families everywhere
 look like he was late cuz  he was smokin weed .    i know that look 
 i sound like an 80 year old smoker
 @briankoppelman holy smokes i just learnt that knish was based on a real life person  joey bagels amazing thank god for bk twt just now
 damn my car still smells like marijuana 
 watching smokey bear try and chase down the bandit  always makes me think of the intimidator @dalejr smokeyandthebandit
 watching smokey bear try and chase down the bandit  always makes me think of the intimidator @dalejr 
 now you swear you smoke and shit  pleaseeeeeeeeee i made you 
 my apt smells like weed and no one has smoked in here  what the fuuuuuuck
 i need to escape my house for a lil to smoke a bampm in my car but my mom wont let me out
 i hate when a girl talk amp her voice sound like she smoke cigarettes 
 in need of an app that tells me how bad it smells like weed in a certain area
 the number of times ive lost my voice this season is crazy i sound like a 75 year old smoker
 @codydeabold and he ate an entire marijuana keep him away from the children
 aw i feel sorry for that weed now  
 1. went to see logan tonight. park car next to 4 dudes 2025ish year old. all reeking of marijuana  giggling  being dumb but enjoyable.
 the only way to stop these cramps is to smoke marijuana. thank god for marijuana 
 why are you allowed to smoke in denver airport its gross and i smell like a casino
 @gabedababe1 @alyssaiglesiass never has marijuana touched these lungs
 my car smells like smoke 
 you niggas smoke good but my pockets way fatter
 same.....minus the weed lol 
 not to mention the fact that i just showed my mom the weed i bought from my brothers dispensary dude what is happening in my life rn 
 walk up apartment hack smoke in the bathroom with the window open and burn incense
 holy fuck i forgot about the guy who hosts ultra who sounds like he smokes a carton a cigs a day.
 when do we get a girls spinoff starring @daisyeagan holy smokes i  you on my .
 everytime i see my mom shes like i smell weed hahhaha
 my voice sounds like a 60 year old man that smokes a pack of cigs a day bc iupatties
 take me back to when this much weed woukd make me fall asleeo on the bathroom for floor for 2 hours 
 somebody just told me that i look like i smoke cigarettes
 i used to smoke weed to produce music but now my body just rejects it. that feels good
 i think my uncle graduated from smoking cigarettes because he just came in from smoking and that does not smell like cigarette smoke
 good weed good drank
 that moment when you make it home  and realize you dont have any weed. smh
 ok so everybody smells like weed..lol im done
 my contract ends in 2018 look at gods work  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 im going to create weed escape rooms. you just get really high and have to exit a regular room. weed canpoli trudeau liberals
 ariel and i were talking about weed and of course a conway police officer walks up the stairs
 ok who is smoking weed in my aparment building and not inviting me
 why this weed taste like hotdogs
 feel like i can smoke a whole pound right now 
 i miss the nights wed smoke and walk around the park
 i do not smoke we was just talking about music 
 @brooklynwendt @jessmarie9 jessica before the party seriously guys dont let me smoke jessica at the party stop being my mom
 trying to explain my reasons behind me not wanting to smoke. just makes it look like im not down
 we just smokin good weed  listening to good music amp eating good food. 
 smells like lemon... pine trees... and gas station...  my boyfriend trying to be a weedophile
 @hyperstitious islam is like an annoying weed that no one wants to finish pulling.
 dorm stays smelling like weed...love my roommate.
 sleeping with my window open and now my whole room smells like weed thank u nieghbors
 strong dry weed  make my eyes bleed .
 my car smells like weed @wsupden 
 open for a secret message  bring rillos to my house and i will smoke you out      
 smokin weed on the beach as my mind workin like platos 
 @misterjrocka it gave off a what the fuck is that vibe. i imagine this happening if i made grits and smoked hots split down the middle
 i just cant smoke like that no more i felt like my skin completion was starting to get that smokers look
 to eat good food and smoke good weed with a good man is all im asking for
 yesterdays accomplishment was weeding the strawberry patch and 
 yesterdays accomplishment was weeding the strawberry patch and 
 my hair smells like weed
 @lynnsosnoskie you see weeds everywhere.. 
 with all vapor lounges or should i say cannabis lounges ive heard of in canada i thought pot was already legal up 
 tutoring  classes  gym  classes  study time  a smoke sesh and then some sleep is literally what everyone of my mondays looks like
 last time i was in this elevator it smelled like weed and know it smells like citronella morefromdayone
 nothing makes you feel as badass as loading a machine gun with a smoke hanging out of your mouth  merica
 same kid i know about my weed
 the strong smell of cigarette smoke amp bad old lady perfume. 
 weigh in whats your portfolio strategy as ottawa works on cannabis legislation 
 oh i seen a post this morning that reminded me of the greed in the cannabis industry some people are not in it for the right reasons
 i smoked a cigarette today and realized i dont enjoy it anymore
 i smoked a fat ass kush blunt before class then i sprayed my self tf down amp now i smell like a fruity pebble ass bitch
 ion smoke like that but the way this fucking virus playing duck duck goose i need too 
 me hiding my weed like 
 @nathanfillion when you walk into a building do all the smoke alarms go off  
 @danacortez @djautomatic @anthonya400 i dont smoke weed  but i do think it should be legalized.
 its 2017 bro. you can order weed to your door from anywhere in canada. the legalization will only hurt marijuana c 
 i smoked a bowl in my driveway with my car doors open at 930 in the morning  i love buffalo
 @jessicaabc7 @natashaabc7 @amyhollyfield  visual of smoke from 7th n broadway location 
 what dumb ass smoked and turned the fire alarms on the stair cases smelled like straight up dank 
 my dads truck hella smells like weed. come on man.
 i gotta wash my coats and hoodies cause they all smell like weed
 does @nickiminaj actually smoke weed
 this lyft smells like hella weed
 ariana it smells in here you smoke in here dont you  hahaha what no mom no 
 learning so much about growing. cannabis is called weed bc it is actually a weed it grows every where amp it is a low maintenance plant
 @dukecambridgeuk @fbi @princecharlesh6 @eu @icctthehague @kremlinrussiae africans along fun of meim allergic 2their stinkand crack smoke
 thats not marijuana you smell. its margiela.
 if youre 27 years old and the only things you care about are smoking weed and playing video games  you should probably reevaluate your life
 saturday evening date cheech amp chongs up in smoke comedy series.  
 this kid keeps farting to mask the smell of weed    little does he know
 i smoke to much to go for hours i go until i feel like i proved myself amp kept my name good in the hood 
 @getongab holy smokes  does it really
 lmao at all the kids who smoke weed in front of my house. like cmon yall dumbasses arent even trying to be discreet... smh
 im in class and smell like weed and im super self conscious
 trying to find passion where theres no love left  its like trying to put smoke  back in this cigarette
  im not good at math im good at weed 
 why you smoke look at weed
 they doing apartment inspections and i dead ass read the email right before i smoked thank god
 smoking on big ganja  oh you like my style huh
 when your walking around dade and it smells like weed 
 holy smokes...cue the jokes now... 
 i smoke weed because i like the taste. just sayin. 
 me i need some black neighbors  auntie  no tf i dont keep them weed head white kids over there and them bad black kids go to their house
 life aint about smoking weed amp fucking bitches  grow up
 i like to smoke because it helps me go from 1000 thoughts to maybe like 10. my overthinking x anxiety stay at an all time high.
 im looking forward to being back in valpo just so i dont have to smell weed 247
 are the smokey bear hat guys playing coachella @ralphgarman @thekevinryder @kevinandbean
 try @foxbusiness they have more positive outlook and dont get into the weeds like @foxnews 
 the lofts always smells like skunk weed and dropped classes
 i disagree i smoke bud for the taste we smoking flavors out here fym 
 dumb liberals in canada wana legalize weed on canadas day all idiots who smoke weed they will have kids who will be slow in school  behind
 good people  good drinks  good smoke got me thinking this is how life should go
 @tiffanymyi its the a.m. and this bus smells like cigarettes and weed and i am annoyed and now i have a headache
 its hella smokey in jordans car rn 
 my class smells like straight weed hope i get a buzz
 should i be healthy and just do hella cardio or at the top of the mountain smoke a joint when i make it
 when youre just tryna smoke a blunt and the cat starts attacking a giant ass wasp thats inside your room on the window
 why does hepner hall always smell like weed
 smell the weed as soon as you reach martinsburg.
 my mom got in my car yesterday and goes wow i cant believe it still smells like a brand new car when it legit smelled like cigs and weed
 so @stephenasmith doesnt like the advertisement of weed ... but just poo poos the liquor advertising 
 you think the uber driver would let me smoke a blunt
 @halsey when are we going to smoke a blunt together 
 fatal road crashes involving marijuana double after state legalizes marijuana 
 look like smoke from mid 
 life aint about smoking weed and fucking bitches  grow up
 u know its a nice ass day out when all of chester reeks of weed
 skunk by ganja white night is fucking awesome
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli 
 breh i thought my aunt was somebody else she called like come smoke im like stfu nigga i just got off then i heard her voice im like 
 the only thing that i like about my job is that the stairwell smells like weed after lunch... everyday.
 impossible for me to walk across campus from my house to uclub without smelling weed
 idk i like the taste of weed 
 b4| 21 panthers  terry morris smokes a double to plate @johnmkaylor. @trey3daniel follows with a seed to left. 2 on 2 out gbr
 i love when the scent of my cologne and the smell of weed combine in my backpack  weird mixture but it smells so good to me
 update construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway 
 cleared construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway
 id like to be anywhere that marijuana is legalized.
 for those who dont know  i moved out of hempstead and into levittown @reenamia and i had 
 if you live in a state where marijuana is legal  watch this segment from @iamjohnoliver. hes a national treasure. 
 weed weed weed weed everywhere 
 @ermagnusson more like the eeef in reefer.
 b6| javier vaz smokes his 2nd triple of the afternoon  1 on 1 out gbr
 if you walk into the gym reeking of cigarette smoke  you need to check your priorities
 since its raining and i dont wanna feel like my room has a dark tone ima go smoke to hack my vision . wtf did i just type.
 420 day party is what im tryna do . smoke friendly where ppl can trade goods music   clothes whatever
 yeah i blow smoke out da roof ... i feel like tupac off of juice
 check out how @iamjohnoliver sounds like high. marijuana segment from last nights lastweektonight video 
 my beautys always been a curse. like the fatal blossom of the graceful jimson weed  i entice with my fragrance but can provide no succor.
 i like the taste of weed and the taste of alcohol. next dumbass tweet plz 
 i swear to god if that cat ate my weed again imma turn that pussy in to chinese food
 trying to figure out my classes for next year but the lady on the phone sounds like she smokes 5 packs a day so im just like lost 
 everywhere that i go bring backwoods i get free smoke
 i sound like a chronic smoker with this sore throat. 
 id ask speaker armstead how he likes being reminded by del rowe that .@god made marijuana. except tim isnt on twitter anymore. wvpol mmj
 smells like weed on the streets of l.a.
 lol my preworkout has me zingin. holy smokes i feel like im flying lol. 
 someone it smells like weed.        me 
 this uber driver riding with all the windows all the way down because he said i smell like smoke 
 i like good head  i like good reefer
 does weed smell like skunk or do skunks smell like weed 
 holy smokes.  
 @voxdotcom .................... kiwi     more like a ....... marijuana bud ......
 tell me why i said i was considering plant biology to my room full of 70 year old farmer relatives and they all started talking about weed
 the judge im listening to just said that marijuana can have really bad affects on your brain... ok..
 i really hope medical marijuana passes through the house
 do mcdonalds fries ever taste.... like.... weed to you
 id like to smoke a cigarette but im not going to
 is it bad that im only considering going to buddy house to smoke like on some homie shit..... but i know he likes me
 your mcm smokes squares in the car with the windows up and you be  bout to die 
 the kids gotta know there is more out there than smoking weed and having kids...
 so i live right next to i85gate. im dreading the drive home from the airport amp im scared my apartment smells like smoke 
 holy smokes  what is happening   someone pinch me.
 why do some guys absolutely hate girls who smoke like ur a pussy
 in a john laurinitis voice people power that dude voice be so raspy that i think he smoke about 30 cigarettes da 
 and we smoke that kush
 if you smoke like me. then youre high  like everyday 
 holy smokescongrats em go bucks 
 i bet my soul smells like weed  diamxndempire
 my room smells like weed
 @rasikbeas why hasnt natural selection weeded them out
 about to go in the house smelling like straight weed and i dont smoke 
 @nawazistan @cenkuygur @theyoungturks medicare rip off by dors charging smoker consultation 10 min 50 for mention 
 i smoke before i shop. makes walmart feel like target.
 my hair smells like straight smoke 
 when ur parents get an email about the weed smell coming from your apartment 
 holy smokes...
 all my sweaters smell like smoke shits be smelling good for that one day until i light a blunt lmao
 uber driver said ya was smoking some good stuff yeahh i always smell like weed 
 smelled the smoke from my apartment five blocks away but seems to be out now... 
 i feel like i go to school with 5 yr. olds who like to smoke weed 247
 im doing a paper on why marijuana should be legalized and its actually coming out good
 body like im high as hell mind like i can smoke more 
 my mother just asked me if i was smoking with goody because my jeans still smell like weed from the concert
 when your entire room smells like weed bc of your roommates 
 a man of taste smokes rocky patel 
 not sure if its a skunk or a lil smoker outside my window but if its the latter feel free to come upstairs
 holy smokes. 
 like my weed man  lol
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 the smell of someone who smokes cigarettes is so bad
 i like how bates motel just completely abandoned the marijuana storyline
 most of my clothes smell like smoke and bullet house 
 @cammcsweeny only the best buds matching weed shirt title
 oh you mad smoke sum..
 this lost me @ no one smokes weed bc it tastes good bc i love the taste of weed 
 just smoke my weed and play my music
 the whole 3rd floor smells like weed amp im a lil jealous
 can you name these weed strains  
 @jaybilas holy smoke.  one bad call after another
 twist up this weed amp realize that you in a presents of a g
 the gonzaga bigs are hot garbage holy smokes nationalchampionship
 good smoke
 nbs dude smoked hella layups 
 when your sisters boyfriend brings you weed when he picks her up 
 ac doesnt reach my room so i open my window for fresh cool air only to get mass amounts of cig smoke amp noise from my loud ass neighbors
 the smell of weed  fried food  and booze 
 i dont smoke like that. like once every sixseven months type. so the occasions i do smoke i really be faded.
 @trevorcolv ya like overall the whole weed experience is pretty solid taste really is pretty good
 i just wanna make good music  help people forget their troubles  help legalize marijuana  and party like a 90s businessman. lifegoals
 has anyone straight up just eaten weed
 i be jealous when i smell weed and i know it aint me.
 bout to smoke and reevaluate my life
 my car still smell like weed
 @freepops0n a little bit but not nearly like actual weed smells. the smell stays within a 2 foot radius and disappears quickly.
 i like weed. you like weed  why not we all like weed in here.  @lastweektonight weed keepcalmandtrumpon
 @fashollylj you done smoked out your dog huh
 my uber let me and my friends smoke in his car .. thats what i call a 5star dude .
 clear mind. room smells like weed and room spray. window open. rainy streets. i hear the cars. lights off. 1 candle on. while nirvana plays.
 @gorgeousmyko @wtfirgo  kids its weedmas 
 heineken smells like weed
 feels like i only smoke backwoods now ...
 so  being that i was the supervisor at work tonight  i have to lock the doors. i go downstairs and i see smoke and smell burning something.
 so  being that i was the supervisor at work tonight  i have to lock the doors. i go downstairs and i see smoke and smell burning something.
 omg we need one giant ass smoke sesh with lots of good music  make this happen yall. @everyone
 someone is smorking weed in this building  i can smell it through the vents and i do not like it
 damn my car still smells like weed
 i like to smoke outside my house and listen to the cars
 bitch my weed taste good 
 im dead. arlenes room mate snitched on her for the room smelling like weed so arlenes hg blew a gang of smoke into her rm closet 
 open up the door  bc the weed 2 loud amp my bitch wanna smoke
 who has weed in pocket rn wtf
 like only 110 times do i smoke and decide to binge watch a netflix series and eat like half a pizza lol
 @kenklippenstein with weed that looks like this  pretty rough 
 it would be tight having people that lived near me that was down to smoke whenever
 no i like how weed tastes 
 aye yo weed smells like shit
 room smell like a weed farm 
 why cant everyday be like this smoke a jay at the beach like this
 about to get with a few of my plumbing brothers for coffee in good weed mike in my nigga shared
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway nb at exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike 
 alex said i live in canada. i wanna know what kind of weed hes smoking  @fxckalex16
 i like weed more than peoppe
 almost every time i walk into my apartment it smells like a pound of weed
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway nb at exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike
 thank you judge jay bybee of 9th cir. for protecting our air. arizona deq  go suck on a smokestack.
 look like he eat weed
 summer vibes and something to smoke to with your girl ayyyee 
 then smoke the whole blunt like i do not always have time
 cant even look for a pen in my bag because it smells like hella ganja 
 straight smoke 
 @washingtonpost there being no evidence of such activity. hey kids  look over there  i am sure there is smoke  but 
 everytime my brother smokes with me... like cmon man sit back relax and enjoy the music with out talkin 
 my lungs sound like i smoke cigarettes out of a gravity bong
 a singer in a smokey room  the smell of wine and cheap mushrooms  journey
 me and babe are supposed to watch prison break at his house but i feel like we will end up watching it at my house so we can still smoke
 gotta go get levin some new shoes today. this kid grows like a weed
 these white boys were smoking that dank had me scared i was smelling like  weed on my way to work 
 all i smell is weed or all i smell is myself 
 at the wv capitol for third reading in the house of medical marijuana legislation
 dude  today is just dragging. holy smokes.....
 my car smells like smoke and im going to pop @rocaspatada right in her mouth
 this girl likes weed   chickens  and bongs. sounds like ang
 if you come to class late smelling like weed  youre a loser.
 i havent had any candycakes or whatever in 3 whole weeks...ill smoke and eat fucking carrots and ranch 
 ok no they need to chill....this just like cigarette smoke not everyone wanna smell it or should have to. 
 go smoke one to this. so to the homie  @fllotto 
 i hate when i leave weed in my jacket thn go out in public places lol ppl look @ me like im crazy
 food truck in the weeds by 1145. 
 i love the smell of weed holy shit
 straight smoke 
 got my auntie whole house smelling like marijuana 
 been detoxing for a week straight now. no weed  straight water.
 i just got off the bus  smelled a whole lot of weed  and said holy moly because i am a 90 year old man stuck in a 23 year old womans body
 my lyft drivers car reeks of weed. 
 it smells like feet  ass and cigarette smoke in this class 
 @ryancp23 i just smoke. lol and dance. try a dance move.
 be like smoke
 like 4 of my kids just said theyre going to the smokers club concert  amp i was like does ur mom know  i can call her.theyre like pls dont
 if this cannabis dont make me feel better otb im done smoking weed i feel like shit 
 dis aint no kush smoke
 does anyone want to smoke and listen to music
 xxxtentacion makes music for crackheads who smoke crack in the mcdonalds bathroom. this is video evidence 
 might just smoke out the whole zip  bitch i dont share im the grinch
 like when i drive all the way to hempstead for strawberry preserves  
 100 pot plants  weed cookies found in marijuana grow house hollywood police 
 holy smokes 
 nothing like walking next to a couple and wanting to puke from the smell of weed.
 abracadabra ahca maga its like magic all smoke and mirrors ahcasequeltaglines
 hug ya weird homie today if you the weirdo out the click smoke they tree up amp keep yours for later bc they need you not the other way round
 i am being my evil twin today.... normally its all waterorganic food and only weed smoke... love celebrating evil 
 holy smokes
 i have zero respect for people who smoke weed with their kid in the room. 
 this guy straight up smells like weed
 eat good drink good smoke good im never mad 
 mind you when he pulled up to auto zone his bmw was over heating w. hella smoke coming out you need worry about your car and not me nigga
 beginning of the 9th week of construction on island smokehouse @kingsislandpr its coming along 
 i smell weed
 so last night i went to a smoke out with kevin and his friends  amp i legit miss that feeling. like hes not trying to hide me.
 | even flowers grow among weeds. beauty is everywhere. open your eyes. | perspective loveit 
 @brandonmilton2 walk out and come smoke
 theres a whole bus of open spots and this lady who smells like smoke decides to sit right by me.
 always awkward when i get tests done at the doctor bc then i have to prepare myself for the we found traces of marijuana conversation
 friendly reminder that legalizing marijuana would have better affects on the crime rate than building a wall
 just realized that the kids in the carman classroom have been watching me smoke in my room this entire time
 some of these females smoke weed so much that these hoes starting to look sick
 why does vedas elevator smell like cigarette smoke
 music and weed all i need.
 anyways  i was vaping in her room amp she goes idc if you smoke in my room  as long as theres no fire amp oh btw thats smells super good 
 @papanoir @tweetlikeagiri lmao you ignant ass nigga. weed tastes like heaven wrapped in a leaf of gold
 smoking so much weed im fucking up my windows
 maybe thats why my dogs been so mellow lately... from smelling all of that marijuana smoke coming from the new neighbors.  coworker 
 @mlorethe2nd smoking weed you will always be a fucking loser.
 tryna smoke hella weed but my funds are hella insufficient
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 music and weed is the only things
 i dont know why the smell of weed and cologne and alcohol and cologne are my favorite 
 driving with nothing more than my eyes half way open and my hands smelling like smoke
 to recap we now have fighting between the indicted nassau cty exec amp legislature  and between hempstead supervisor amp indicted councilman.
 my mom is driving my car and it definitly still smells like weed. thank god she doesnt know what weed smells like.
 thank u to my weed
 annie pulls out an apple  me wow way to be eating healthy  thats awesome  annie puts weed in apple  me oh
 mom youre gonna smoke a cigarette in front of me awkward...
 @fuschiagoddess holy smokes thanks for posting that
 i smell weed flashbacks of being back in seattle
 someone near the field is burning leaves  and theres a nice smoke smell across goodenow. cmon  man.
 healabrokenheartby weed and @playstation no particular order
 god is testing me. i just turned down free food and free weed 
 t1| vaz smokes a two strike double oppo. 1 on 0 out gbr
 lady you look like reese witherspoon guy dressed as weed plant in nyc
 told the doctor i was a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 its really distracting when you come to class smelling like marijuana.
 sometimes i like to chill homie  sometimes i like to smoke  sometimes i wish i never left school cuz all i do is graffiti and sell dope 
 to whoever just blew smoke at me thank you so much 
 the fact that people deadass be cyphing in front of the school. like i be scared to just smoke inside a place where i can.
 i misplaced my weed inside my house amp my mom found it. she flushed a whole 8th of weed down the toilet. 
 writing a paper for my psych class on how smoking weed affects my sleep lmao i love college
 playing football oustide with my little bro  and my mom is cookingcleaning while smokey robinson is playing. i love it.
 holy smokes. wow. 
 everyone passing unfinished comics back and forth like marijuana cigarettes and you can draw 
 just saw a girl hit some weed out of a chicken nugget...which begs the question  why are girls obsessed with chicken nuggets
 i personally think its too cold to have the windows open but you want to smoke your menthol cigarettes
 me mom do you want to bring me some cigarettes to school tomorrow  kirsten elise your voice already sounds like you smoke enough of those
 dubnyk needs to smoke some weed bc he is out of his element. unreal
 so hurt rn i lost weed
 holy smokes day 
 mom it smells like skunk outside ... me ma that would be weed ur smelling
 my mom doesnt smoke  she vapes.  6 year old kid in dq vapegod
 something smells like baloney ... or weed. cant tell 
 wow  it really does smell like weed everywhere.   my mom walking around the streets in boulder ...
 damian is so rude earlier he went to panda amp he was like did you just smoke youre happy 
 when the weed tastes good
 when adult life is so exhausting you feel like this without weed 
 when i got home the whole house smelled like weed  like god damn the back house got the loud good shit
 does smoking weed make you more horny than drinking or are they both about the same
 my uber smells like weed 
 some of my neighbors might be celebrating this pot thing passing. my house smells like soooooo much weed.
 dude you reek of marijuana me hahaha yeah dude
 yup...smell smoke chicagofire
 smell smoke sure. i think so.... chicagofire
 i smell smoke too chicagofire
 it feels nice to be able to smoke my brothers out for once since theyre always smoking meowt 
 i swear my smoke detector extra sensitive
 i delivered to this guy today and he had a marijuana plant chilling in his living room
 kush smoke good smoke httpst.codgjxio8prz
 i smell marijuana 
 oh cool  smoke your lot in the gym locker room
 told da bros smokem by hiself jus like he facing or smokem and his niggas and fuck up the whole rotation im to nice
 holy smokes 
 if u see a white van in front of the trap   thats me im just trynna get some weed 
 good shower good weed good show
 my mom said it smelled like chocolate and weed in the car haha
 watching @fallontonight who does a joke about marijuana. 7year old daughter says  mom did he say moana notdisneysafe fallonorlando
 looks like weed is gonna be decriminalized in kc
 watching @fallontonight who does a joke about marijuana. 7year old daughter says  mom did he say moana notdisney fallonorlando
 when i was like 13 i used to drink 2 monsters amp then smoke hookah cause it made me feel fucked up lmfao like who was i 
 need a girl bff thats down to smoke all the time with me.
 surround yourself with good ppl an good weed. its that simple.
 she like i left my weed home can you get me stoned  baby that notta excuse
 my moms foreal calling the cops on our neighbors bc she smells weed and saw some kids sneak out the back window... y u such a snitch ma
 @phillewis @emmcognito tight assed  pretentious white guy. sick smokey the bear on his sorry behind.
 i didnt smell like weed smh
 thank god for weed because how else would i sleep or not hurt someone in day to day life
 im salty af niggas say my voice sound like i smoke cigarettes 
 @mintyhoneyy holy smokes nice
 i love coming home and not smelling like ciggs. i swear my hair is so much healthier without all the second hand smoke too.
 today i saw a tree removal road crew stoned out of their minds true because nothing mixes with chainsaws and wood chippers like marijuana.
 @whoadiefoster i feel your pain. lets smoke lmao
 someone should smoke ya homie out
 i smoke a backwoods with the works but i feel like im cheating on my life
 i want love jones and wine and sweet smelling smoke and candle light dancing and soft sheets and laughter and .....
 i want love jones and wine and sweet smelling smoke and candle light dancing and soft sheets and laughter and a shared playlist and ......
 muhfuxkin pissed bcuz this weed tastes so good... lackofsex
 free smoke ayeeeee
 when all you smoke is hookah tho  @ hollywood walk of fame 
 construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway 
 construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway 
 make sure too always smoke your vegetables kids
 it smells like weed in my room 
 i know they are an undesirable weed but i like them amp they are not hurting anything on the gravel pile lupins 
 is it me or does the ozium original smell like weed
 dear kid that smokes while walking to class every morning  i hate smelling like smoke so please let me walk first. thanks
 i want 2 smoke but im to lazy to walk to my car
 smells like straight up weed in the ct building
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 walked to the back of the store and it smell like straight weed
 today is a great day for a good old fashioned fade. im talking good food. good drank. good smoke. and be super trashed kinda day
 like did ya smoke some crack this morning  ya is buggin 
 construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway 
 construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway 
 crispy prosciutto  peas amp kale pesto rigatoni. kale pesto that doesnt taste like ground up weeds. recipe at 
 my uber said i smell good. i just smoked 
 @altuscis it crashed in clinton by steed  piscataway and temple hills road... stay clear as the smoke will be toxic.
 holy smokes the compass charter school had 964 applications for 59 kindergarten seats. we got waitlisted at 59  which feels like we won
 volunteer at memorial park weed warriors with athensclarke county trails amp open space 
 im pretty sure i smell like weed rn. 
 omg this kid is smoking straight up wax from a pen or whatever in class and it smells like weed
 i cant stop sneezing. either my allergies are screwing with me  the smell of weed in 35 or brittany got me sick.
 marvels diversity propaganda going up in smoke what a fucking surprise.....
 got this whole gym smelling like weed
 @verge illness has always been blamed on sin. why do you think the cops can bust a lady in a wheelchair for marijuana and feel nothing
 yea i blow smoke out the roof i feel like 2pac got the juice
 was about to throw all his shit out the window. liquor  weed  shoes  brush
 ion get caught up in who fw who.im the fun guy  come to me when you tryna travel and smoke hella weed while listening to trap music
 cc hallways always smell like weed
 my car smells like farts and weed
 i just entered the elevator and this girl got off when i got on and it smells like weed in here lmao
 ofc while im high smelling like weed on the train theres a man screaming the old testament in my ear hahahahaha
 maybe im trippin but it smells like weed outside
 its 9am. this entire campus smells like weed. why are yall like this
 just fuckin smoked a mustang who doesnt know that my 98 jeep has a 4.0 straight 6. he probably has like a 2.3 v6
 my apple sauce tastes like weed
 i hate when people come back from breaks smelling like national smoke day 1998... get outta hee with that lol
 damn my car still smells like marijuana my mom is gonna kill me
 the more layers of clothing i take off  the more i smell like weed
 i smell weed
 i love bonfires but i hate smelling like smoke 
 and over a dime bag of weed all them fucking heads in that room amp he mad over a dime bag going missin
 kant even smoke in my auntie house and its raining like cats amp dogs outside ill be damn if im dying today 
 im just tying to smoke and clean my place with no interruptions
 it smells like weed in my class and everyone looked at me as if it was me
 told the doctor imma healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 i get that the rumor weed from veggie tales was a villain  but i still cant help but feel like we would be friends.
 holy smokes. what a prologue im officially hooked. you werent kidding @sfillner @alistandish incredible writing 
 i was keepin it g  heyyy  i was keepin it g. wit bad bitches blowin good weed  heyyy hopoutgang
 teaching kids at carrie martin elementary how to get low and go if there is smoke in their house. 
 all i think about is shopping  music  and marijuana.
 its not cool to smoke weird shit like this  
 people that smoke breath b smelling like ass 
 me does anybody have an extra smoke  @xxxtentacion ive got a cigarette 
 my room stays smelling like weed 
 straight up buying weed with the interventionalist rn no fucking joke
 @lolanimated im allowed to smoke boof but i cant bully kids online 
 @itsforsale i am not sure why you followed me but thank you for the follow and thank you for supporting cannabis families
 cleared construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway
 update construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway 
 cleared construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway
 update construction on ny106 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to northern state parkway 
 why tf does my car smell like weed
 im mad none of my boyfriends have invited me to a smoke sesh and its midday
 i thought the chick singing at the beginning of free smoke was black. its a white woman who looks like a foot.
 i mean i smoke weed bc i like the taste weird 
 @sandrugs plot twist  i rarely ever smoke blunts 
 yes its me that smells like weed
 all this smell of bud coming in my room makes me wanna smoke but thats a dub
 amendments pertaining to marijuana will be out of order in mass. house budget debate.  per order being adopted wednesday.
 i like good head  i like good reefer.
 dude i have weed flavored weed
 @nicoleisamom oh my god i was like how is your weed hurting you smh feel better soon
 it smells like straight up weed in the girls bathroom 
 rt amp repost new music straight smoke 
 it seems that im a goner  so i escape aromas of that hate with weed and marijuana
 i used to always get sparked up and now i actually have to pay for my weed
 would anyone like to pick me up and we can smoke a blunty 
 da nigga follow me and im like u smoke  lol he hesitant like naw why im like yeahhh u do cuz i smell it and i smoke ..
 got my doughnuts and weed  im good 
 @jontlangston holy smokes 
 mr. urban did not let us present our project about the sale of legal marijuana and pros and cons it has on the economy twat
 never have i ever gotten off the elevator on my floor amp not smelled weed  instantly 
 the entire block i work on smells like weed more than it doesnt.
 yo my neighbors are corny as fuck take your old asses in your house and smoke them cigs dont stare at my every move thru my windows
 @kaseygoff14 @flumemusic ohhh my god  i need to seehear never be like you annnnd smoke amp retribution sunrise
 wv senate accepts stricter medical marijuana bill 
 im so upset about the @pepsi@kendalljenner commercial... smoke is coming out of my ears.
 im open to all opinions i just like to weed through them and find sources for facts
 dance with the devil  he smoked until his eyes would bleed
 kc decriminalized weed. im c walking all the way home 
 my weed will make u dance with the stars...
 i havent had a day to myself in foreverrrr im abouta smoke eat amp binge watch 13 reasons  happyday
 this is prime time for weeds to grow  so make sure you apply weed preventers like corn gluten meal or preen to flo 
 holy smokes  designated survivor sucks you in from the very beginning.  7episodeslater 
 walking into chey all i smell is weed and i love it
 so to every girl ive met in the bathroom at the weed. 
 weed it weed like yall really extra ol cheap asses...
 thank god for weed. i like legit cant function without weed. anxiety ptsd
 why does my ice cream cone smell like weed
 thx god for marijuana
 my lyft drivers car smells like car freshener and freshly smoked weed. and his eyes look like jay cutlers. clearly stoned af.
 highline always smelling like weed 
 loveee catching a girl who smells like she just smoked a carton of cigarettes  take my things out of he dyer before its done  love it lots
 i like how our hall smells like weed but our room gets in trouble because we have two extension cords....
 this new weed tastes like flowers or something.
 i love smelling like weed
 who smoking weed in the pf locker room
 loveee catching a girl who smells like she just smoked a carton of cigarettes take my stuff out of the dyer before its done love that lots
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 i smoke a zip amp sell like 60 quarters.
 my night school counselor just told me i smell like hella weed but i told her i dont smoke and she believed it 
 these girls next to me in lecture smell like that have an ounce of weed in their front pockets damnyoureek noshamelmao
 does the room smell like weed too or is it just me stonerstruggles
 my book bag smelled like weed so i looked through it and found half a blunt 
 these girls next to me in lecture reek like they have an ounce of weed in their front pockets
 just walked in the house and i said something smells like weed and peyton put her hands up and said its not me   ......... 
 straight smoke 
 i seriously sound like i smoke 20 packs a day
 bout to smoke a personal plz amp thank you
 money longer then train smoke nbs
 im so high...all i smell like is smoke...
 i live for the day when i can live in an apartment complex that doesnt continually smell like marijuana
 i got straight as i only smoke grade a... tell that to them politicians
 if i can smell the cigarette smoke from your car at a stop light when your windows are rolled up  you should probably chill out on that shit
 everywhere i go  someone says i smell like weed  shits annoying
 when u finally grow that perfect strain of weed and are dying to tell everyone  criminalminds 
 @lahwf bonnie looks like those weird aliens who smoke cigarettes in men in black
 alex smoke crack i swear she do
 think ima self medicate tonight with hella alcohol and hella weed
 a guy just walked into walmart w a t shirt that said god is my plug and i passed by his truck and it smelled like weed lmao
 take a moment and smell the marijuana in the air 
 my legs smell like weed
 holy smokes did you see this @jamesontrauger 
 everything one in la smells like weed  axe body spray  or gross body odor notdown
 boi who hot as me told the the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 @tracewolfgang weed make you think how come the numbers aint in alphabetical order
 @slate the only smoke is coming from whatever the republicans are smoking.
 really like being able to have the windows down in my house but really hate my chain smoking neighbors cigarette smoke stinking up the place
 my mom was mocking what im gonna sound like and all its  mom im sorry im smoking weed im still a good kid amp she started cracking up
 my room smells like weed and i have no idea why. weird.
 skrugg and i are checking out an suv opens door gets face raped by the smell of weed
 this is the equivalent to two niggas who smell like weed telling each other they dont smell like weed. 
 i dont smoke weed. but i like how my mom is all cool about the whole smoking weed and eating edibles thing
 anyone have weed near uconn 
 i always smell like weed damn shut up w.e
 but why does my poop smell like weed
 my hands smell like weed  wth
 bong hits. dog will pester me like i have food until i blow smoke at him.    howibondwithmypet
 so i have my window open and i can smell the aroma of weed just coming into my room 
 smoke hella weed  drink hella water
 @elisasboy72 @audiencenetwork @rogueaudience good for you  has to be tough playing a smoker for you.
 i need a homie like smokey
 news flash everyone smokes you aint shiiit hahahaha
 santa cruz smell like a big ass nug of weed
 he really just rolled the windows down in a convertible to blow the smoke out 
 do you like to smoke do you like to fuck
 literally ordering my weed like dominos 
 some people be smoking hella weed. like i smoke a lot but not like some of yall.
 jesus fucking christ sanfrancisco i know youre a bunch of anarchist leftist extremists but does it have to always smell of weed here
 my soul smells like weed
 the only thing i like about closing is seeing these two teens who park in front of our store to smoke and eat pizza
 i smoke og dog whistle n it got my neighbors dogs barkin 
 holy smokes i love this 
 when marina and karine showed up to a guys room and were supposed to have weed and were like we dont have weed but we brought chicken
 how can you look at someone with a straight face and argue that weed is worse than alcoholcigarettes
 okay twitter  im not very religious but im curious to your opinions does god approve of weed
 this girl could wreck my whole life and i would just let it happen bc she looks like an angel holy smokes 
 a weed toaster. like a humidifier solely for weed or new modified vape 
 holy smoke 
 some kids are always smoking weed in the bathroom and making mcdonalds smell like tree
 the dope on denvers cannabis spa scene   via @alluremagazine wellness skincare massage
 this whole 8 bus smell like weed  @mtamaryland
 get flavored gars others dont like   so they wont smoke with you . . 
 if i invite you over to smoke dont ask me how much im throwing on bud. bud is free for me in my house. thats your entry fee.
 my tooth hurt so bad i cant smoke  wtf
 i think my whole bag just permanently smells likes weed 
 i hate smoky gas stations bc i go in smelling all delicious and come out 2 minutes later smelling like a chain smoker 
 @adamgreenblatt naive peeps think it is so easy to grow ... its a weed.  this homegrow thing will just be like homebrew.  fad
 sounds like me  except with weed ... 
 whoever just walked in the room must be higher than a kite because now the room smells like weed  thisismathclass
 smelling like weed or versace
 if you call weed dro... or you still smoking dro... get the fuck out u cant smoke w me
 food   weed amp music  luxury kit
 on that old dirt road i light my first smoke and i knew right then it wouldnt let me go
 couldnt resist but i had to comment on smoke fb status. sound like he trying to make it seem like he talm bout me
 pull up 4.20 we going have hella weed and a dope music its for my bro last show aye @citytucker lets smoke the wh 
 money plant is just starting to bloom in the park near my home. a beautiful weed.... money 
 i got weed and no gars.. this hurts
 god made dirt  dirt dont hurt  god made weed  weed dont make you bleed
 this video smells like beer  onions  dirt  gas and cigarette smoke. 
 boys fighting over weed sacks. cmon man 
 feel like me amp jared are the bad kids out of our class bc my speech is over weed amp his is over condoms 
 it smells like weed in this classroom
 what better way to spend 420 this year than to smoke out and enjoy some pretty bad ass music. 
 i was just in my truck smoking weed and 3 people came from inside thinking someone ran over a skunk  ismokethatloud
 in states where marijuana is legal  grow houses took over hardtolease retail space  @retailwizard wisretail2017
 go back and do ya research shawty. he was suicidal and ppl do smoke because of the taste and feel. unless yu think 
 holy smokes 
 it smells like weed in roosevelt who did this here i am trying to learn
 kush smoke and guns
 why does my ubr smell like weed
 i am suspicious that this is connected to the strong smell of cigarette smoke coming from the house cloakroom today. 
 a cool feature of my new place is that you have to open every window when you use the oven  that smoke alarm sure does work
 i bet my soul smells like weed 
 theres a permanent smell of weed on 4th for @ chancellors
 theres a permanent smell of weed on 4th floor @ chancellors
 im deadass fantasizing about weed rn i feel like im 15 again
 this fucking kid just said he has ecoli from weed 
 ya fuckin car smells like a fuckin marijuana factory
 my barber smells like weed sooo bad that im pretty sure im getting high just by sitting here
 i live with liz and i feel like i rarely smoke with her.
 if i smoke now  will i run these stairs 
 good sex  good weed  good life i provide
 i was so stoned i got stressed about smelling like weed before going into the weed store
 someone said they smoke weed in the shower and this girl is like losing her fucking mind over it
 why you gon smoke a zip if you can flip it 
 it smells like cigars and smoke everywhere
 carroll smells like some good weed
 on lunch  guy walks into fire on the mountain with and electiv forest hat on  of course he smells like blunt smoke
 why shorty look like she really smoke cigarettes backwards tho
 im trapped in this niggas room bored af and he come back and pull out emergency weed out his sock drawer . like wow i love this kid 
 holy smokes 
 perf weather to smoke in 
 i hate the smell of smoke man
 holy smokes theyve made an awd singer 911. and its got a roof rack  
 binge watching weedsgtgtgt
 not sure if someone has a gram hidden throughout the store or if its the customers... but i smell weed..
 half these jokers smell like weed. who smokes a joint before a drivers test tweetingwhilewaitinginlineatthedmv
 buying zips from syds old catholic school friends thank u lord for this weed 
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern...httpst.cofriikjomga
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern...httpst.cojyxp63bjyu
 someone told me my voice is sexy but i should stop smoking  i told him i dont smokeamp he said oh are you sick then nope just my voice 
 alright seor weedwacker outside my window. i know you are doing your job but its nap time 
 my parents need to get with the program and start letting me smoke in the house because im tired of smoking outside and getting sick 
 smoking my kush weed amp corinthians.
 does cannabis have the potential to be an exit drug for canadians addicted to opioids 
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern...httpst.co90p8ivpwdj
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern...httpst.couut4d812ic
 changetheschedule        agsessionsplease he sure doesnt mind a good buzz so whats his beef w cannabis  
 it likes to smoke it too 
  changetheschedule       agsessionsplease he sure doesnt mind a good buzz so whats his beef with cannabis 
 yall ever smelled ya bo and it smell like some schwag ass weed
 the singleperson wework bathroom has never not smelled like weed after 2pm
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern state parkway
 it smell like straight weed in this restroom dirty ass bitches 
 sounds like some its always sunny shit and also weed does taste good 
 @500daysofpaola this girl told me it tasted like sea weed lol 
 the mcds by hwy 55 always smells like weed 
 where do i find that video with the fat dude smokin a cigarette whos like its fuckin nice out whos tryna chill smoke some loud ya feel
 being a stoner and not being able to smoke for this entire week is a struggle 
 i like weed
 i still cant believed i smelled my way into finding my little brothers weed stash. free sack for me 
 no one likes the taste of weed  ok pause. 
 the worst thing is seeing patients that smoke. it makes the whole room stink and makes my head hurt ugh
 i think miami just naturally smells like weed outside
 you sound sick nah  i always sound like i smoke 4 packs a day
 @weedhumor new weed strain name jared kush  via @huffpostcomedy
 someone tell me why a 15 year old that stays home from school to smoke all week is telling me to grow up
 i love the taste of weed  
 someone smells like weed
 thats cute  i dont need a book to smell weed  i just open the pillow pack and breeeeeath 
 this train smells like weed and ass
 casa grande is so boring man  i literally walk with a smoker down the block for some entertainment
 keep your place smelling fresh and yummy with these smoke odor exterminating candles  
 good csac executive com mtg in la county. discussion on trans   ihss amp cannabis.
 everywhere i go  windows down  smell the weed smoke. bern 
 good weed  good food  good vibes  good music
 i wonder what they had tabor to do. they prob tried to see how much smoke he could take wo coughing. like an endurance test or something.
 that body odor that smells like weed... i always wondered how does one achieve that
 this looks like that scene from shameless when kevin had all that weed hidden  
 @azixz @rednikekortez everytime i see or smell weed im like... 
 my starlabs crewneck smells like weed and idk why bc i do not smok
 palmer amaranth bedeviling farmers like no other weed 
 holy smokes 
 i hand him my grinder with all the weed in it amp hes like wtf am i supposed to do with all this
 or like some weed  i feel like id be dank af 
 ............... i like the taste of weed 
 somebody just waked into my life and teachings class smelling like a whole 5 lbs of weed  loud asf
 my beauty blender smells like weed
 it smelled like straight weed on main
 construction on ny107 both directions from hempstead turnpike ny 24 to north wantagh avenue 
 my roommates bf smokes cigarettes amp now thats what my room smells like 
 we need a stoner airline. cant wait until i can smoke the entire time im in the air.
 what weed does for others. taking a nap  does for me.
 no one smokes weed cus they like the taste lmaooooo 
 love when someone sits in front of me and they smell like they smoked 15 cigs before they came in great start to my morning
 fresh harvest of nugreen premium cannabis headed to a retailer near you.   experience the nugreen difference 
 thank god i got sober  pot smoker  top roller  thought holder
 @tonymarinaro @freewayfrank oh yeah open invitation to the marinaro home tonight for smoke meat and the habs amp impact. i live 5 mins away 
 california winemakers wonder who will pick the grapes  tomatoes  strawberries  citrus  almonds amp soon marijuana.
 bitches texted me like why you texting my nigga like her nigga dont sell weed or something  really made herself look dumb fr
 on god i just smoked some air 
 this nigga blew smoke in the bottle nd it smell like straight loud now
 my hair smells like a straight backwood cuz we smoked fucking five yesterday 
 noels jacket be having like 30 something zippers where he can store weed in  @ramireznoel521
 i use to like the smell of gas as a kid  and now i smoke gas an adult. thats no coincidence
 @uber should give you the option to ride in a nonsmokers or smokers car. tired of smelling like an ash tray every time i come out.
 holy smokes i know middleage spread doesnt look good but it sure feels good. realtalk
 this town smells like marijuana and shitty people lol
 i get so freaking giddy at the thought of racegas and tire smoke
 its like all my music is music to smoke to cause i be finding most of my shit while smoking haha
 @cassiee weeds  parenthood  gilmore girls  longmire  narcos  an idiot abroad  great british bake off. clearly my taste is all over 
 live demo at alfalfas market boulder today 47 3630 pm. stop by grab a sample and learn about hemp 
 my cough makes me sound like i smoke 3 packs a day
 @hightimesmag looks like the trump administration will be very busy with ww3 so the big marijuana crackdown is probably a wash.
 im bout to smoke this black and finish this room
 i get more compliments when i smell like weed then when i smell like chanel
 blowin smoke to the gods.
 my schools hallways reek of weed. im not complaining
 messer got real today in class. holy smokes. 
 im so high all i smell like is smoke
 when someone steals your clothes amp they bring it back smelling like cigarette smoke 
 she only likes me for weed and my dog. 
 it feel so good outside im bout to smoke this blunt and vibe to this dolph
 i get so pissed when people make excuses on why they smoke. oh  i smoke bcs my stomach gets upset bitch stfu u smoke bcs u like to
 my car smells like the ideal mix of weed and black ice  
 i told a girl she smelled like weed. turned out she doesnt smoke and i was the one smelling like weed lol
 i need someone to live with next year who doesnt mind loud music and weed.
 when does heathman not smell like weed is the real question
 just exfoliated holy smokes i feel reborn
 smells like weed in dee hall smh at that
 every time i cough i sound like a hyena or something  and it feels like i smoked like 20 packs of cigarettes already 
 my truck smells like weed 
 my apartment smells like weed and pancakes 
 i left my back pack in my car last night and it smell like weed
 how i imagine kids see me after one of them told me i look like i smoke cigarettes 
 my whole class smells like straight weed and perfume to try and cover it
 you have me addicted like hennessy  addicted like weed  addicted like music  attracted to meeeee
 today in philosophy a guy pulls out his vaporizer and smokes... the whole room smells like weed and my teacher said 
 dorm mom just unlocked my door and let a man into my room to take my smoke alarm down.... no knock.. amp no pants.. very awkward encounter
 those times when you step outside and smell medical marijuana
 last week i smoked a bunt that tasted like lavender laundry detergent and today i smoked a blunt that tasted like chlorine .... wtf
 happy fucking birthday @sesb enjoy it  turn up and smoke hella blunts 
 i swear to god someone has to smoke cigarettes in the stairwell at the gym.. especially near floor 2
 whoever lives next door be having the hall way smoked out
 i smell like expensive cologne and weed 247
 alrighty im out off weed....where do i get more houston houstonsuperbowl sb51
 everywhere i walk i smell the aroma of weed. this city is one big dispensary 
 @nypd75pct how i go by reporting young adults hanging and smoking weed on my floor. i have oxygen.758 stanley avenue 3floor boulevard houses
 this gelato nice light dep amp smokes like indoor 
 is this what its like to smoke a weed 
 all my coats smell just like weed 
 @ohthefckery always i feel sick i smoke and feel better
 my mood right now.....so good weed and good music @ richmond 
 everyday after school the weed grab me like lol 
 lmao my water bottles always smell like weed
 you can smell the marijuana everywhere in binghamton  so i moved off campus away from the smell international student in my class
 if youre that guy that calls people out in class for smelling like weed i hate you
 back through my mind like smoke
 @inthefade good news you sound like a candidate for medical marijuana
 everything  literally everything i own smells like marijuana lol
 whatever happened to pokemon go  smoke shop open until 1000pm for all your smoking needs 
 they was getting a 300 monthly allowance just to buy weed and sell it on the 4th floor game room in they house
 they smoke more than the niggas that live in denton... they aint smoking with us tho @kingsippi 
 someone in my class reeks of marijuana. 
  thank you god for making a plant we can smoke. amen   my mom
 just watched some kid climb out his window  smoke on his roof  and go back in within 5 minutes bringsmeback
 i sound like i smoked 20 packs of cigarettes 
 wouldnt be a normal week if the elevator in the dorms didnt smell like weed.
 @craigyferg the pockets are for keeping the weed.
 iso for a house to smoke at
 after people smoke that smell 
 my mom straight up just came and made me smell her weed cause she thinks its so good 
 i swear the other guys on my floor have a competition every week where they see who can make the hall smell like weed the most
 it always smells like sage on the floor of my building so either someone is doing a lot of exorcisms or a lot of weed.
 good weed is all thats necessary right now
 i have no weed either 
 4 firefighters came into my house to install smoke detectors and are now in a deep conversation with my parents about flipping houses
 the busses at unf smell like ramen and weed and idk which one is bc of me
 neighbors knockin on the door  asking can we turn it down i say  aint no music on she said  naw  that weed is loud
 whatbringsmejoy weed and food
 man now vise the police stop more black men on the streets cause they walk with their hands in their pockets like they have guns or weed
 tonight its lit  @cristolmusic performing live @ smoken 
 this kid i just met is allergic to weed 
 nothing like weed to relieve my headaches
 the trolley stop forever smells terribly like weed
 shes not protecting anything but her ego. she could care less after lifting the 2 year residency law on cannabis g 
 @sgtrockusmc82 @brooksrosa rosa was on weed  booze and soros
 a weed dispensary in a donut shop seems like a good business plan...  superiordonuts
 i feel sick to my stomach from all the cigar smoke in the room.
 i feel bad for my friends that smoke me out like i wanna smoke them out since they always invite me to smoke with them
 step out of my car today and my manger goes wow it smells like weed someone must be lighten up nearby no thats just my car scent
 my dorm building caught on fire and my entire room just smells like smoke now what did i do to deserve all this huh julia tutwiler huh
 be thankful i brought extra weed for just such an occasion.
 first impression of la everywhere smells like weed
 my house smells like good ganja
 imma healthy kidd i smoke broccoli 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 1 like  1 weed                      pyrocynical 
 everywhere i go i smell weed lol
 i can go smoke some weed and feel the same wo sex 
 walk in to whole foods and hear about five different languages through out the store. walk out and smell weed. certain things i enjoy in la
 i just wanna smoke with you and vibe to the music
 playing migos out of the school parking lot and chain smokers on the main road
 virtuous like water  for water does not compete let grudges vanish like smoke  into the thin air
 omg my tos van smells like weed haha
 act like you know me  act like you smoke me out  act like we homies 
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 god it feels good to smoke again  but fuck dis
 smoke good weed and drink good lean
 all my weed got names   make you feel special
 the kings army update  todd is growing like a weed.. and staying hard. lindsay on day 5 of his 
 when youre outside in the dark and smell skunk hoping its not an actual skunk but only someone smoking dank weed so you dont get sprayed.
 @msbritt i hope i dont smell like weed
 this russia stuff is too weird. theres smoke everywhere whens someone going to start dealing with the  
 jessis weed smells like lemons and tastes like a breakfast sandwich im so done
 it feels so good to not smoke anymore. done with it all.
 when he doesnt pick smoking weed over yougtgtgtgtgtgt  
 my mom is currently smoking with her boyfriend in her room. she think she slick. i can smell weed from a mile away 
 i just wanna know how theyre like 6 smoking weed. like how do they have a car. how does he have such a nice watch 
 .@cruella1 it gets better  ordered another round itsaboutto godown got 6model chicks  6bottles of cris 4belvederesgot weed everywhere
 bro i just need unlimited weed like all for me weed no sharing ... like wtf
 i love that i know leahs been in my room because i walk in from not being home and i smell nothing but weed 
 a cop pulled me over because i ran a red light  he complimented my car and said i like the smell of weed  to and let me off with a warning 
 weed doesnt even taste that good when you smoke it
 gronks girlfriend is a smokeshow good god
 40s taste like weed
 my room smells like weed now
 second smoker wooh shaket sa ilong bes 
 @theblackballerz @mainefinfan @houtz im going to bed enjoy your weed
 i smell like i got back from a bonfire since the smoker vent malfunctioned tonight at work
 he tried to get me to smoke out of a bowl that smells like poop
 nothing kills weed smell besides cigarettes n blacks
 me trying to be quiet walking into my house take a step in the door slams behind me loud as hell and all the smoke detectors go off
 i have little specs of weed on my floor in my room 
 malia issa perfect name for a weed strain. malia kush.
 i just want to go to a rave  smoke a lot of weed and get lost in the fucking music
 i wish my neck was long like so long i could smoke cigarettes out my window from my bed
 this weed smelling too good in my pocket rn 
 nights like these i wish i would smoke like i used to..
 @isaacault then it was like meh  hes slightly better than me at chem and he listens to good music so ill bum weed off him for two years
 this bar reeks of marijuana and now i want some 
 hb1148 new registration of industrial hemp cultivators 
 whole room smoked out
 @painternancy like...not as a joke. weve both smoked hookah with them and have been nearly killed by them. we get it. @dudeindistress
 he can smoke with another bitch after he drop me off like wtf
 my boyfriend got mad at me cause i smoked half of his joint that he wasnt even ganna smoke  he had 3 nugs left... shiesty ass foo
 its like buying a perfume that smells like weed and not getting high  nia @tumsssakin get yo mans 
 its like buying a perfume that smells like weed and not getting high  nia @tumsssakin get yo mans 
 is that coffee you smell like coffee uber haha idk thats weird me ohhhh yeah haha it was a joke you smell like weed uber o
 is that coffee you smell like coffee uber haha idk thats weird me ohhhh yeah haha it was a joke you smell like weed uber o me
 my pillow smells like weed thats a sign 
 john mayer will always make me feel like a raw bitch.....like smoke a cigarette in the house type shit. fml.
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 really about to go to denton at 5 in the morning. nigga better have some muthafuckin weed
 like who brings their kid with them when they sellin weed n smokes wax in the car with their own baby in the back  scumbag
 oh my god now its raining and i cant even go out for a smoke holy fuck
 i smoke a backwoods of the skunk fuck a swisher
 brains from people who smoke pot look like swiss cheese  it affects their brain so think what it would to to babies. 
 all im really going for in life is good beats and good weed
 turns out god was mistaken when she came up with the idea of the cannabis plant. but i am glad the us federal government to rectify it. wtf
 anyone like to smoke
 91 smoke sounds like kodak black
 hes like a lighter to my cigarette  watch me smoke 
 finally bought a digital scale for coffee making. holy smokes  this thing is a game changer. i feel like a legit barista now.
 nowadays you cant tell if the skunky smell youre smelling is actually a skunk or weed
 the dude in front of me smell like straight weed like fuck nooo
 it smell like straight weed on this bus
 smelling like a pound of weed walking in wells fargo
 everywhere i go out  im blowing that smoke out.
 someone decided to smoke weed in their hotel room and now the entire floor smells like san francisco.
 why do ppl smoke in the girls bathroom just walk tf outside rq if its that important
 no  it doesnt bother me at all. mommy smokes in front of me everyday and i just be sitting there like nothing lol 
 this girl just came up to me and asked if i knew of any plugs in third ward.... do i look like i smoke
 i feel like im surrounded by marijuana
 just seeming her with all this shyt hooked up to her for a fever slim smh after this i know ima need to smoke  
 someones coat at work smells like hellllaa weed
 @angiesumait @sheelllbbbss shelby always good for this  one time we went to freaking naco just to smoke cigarettes
 does this include smoking weed   
 why do guys think offering to smoke their weed with me is gonna impress me you look like a sucka cause now ima scam you
 my house is lit with the smell of weed 
 im healthy kid i smoke broccoli 
 the cops are outside my window trying to get into my neighbors apt bc theyre probs selling weed  hows your morning
 i hate a it smell like weed ass classmate .
 as i walk down the street  i sense a familiar scent.   ah  the smell of weed at 715am.  its high noon somewhere in the world  they say
 my eos smells like weed hahahaha 
 it smells like weed at live oak 
 somebody in my class smells like kitty litter  smoke  and taint ass. like whats wrong with yall  my nasal cavity is disturbed.
 i never realize i forgot a clip in my pocket until my whole office smells like burnt weed 
 oh my god. yall dumb. those are the fake ones to put your weed in  
 @christiec733 12000  holy smokes.
 going on smoke drives with my guy friends here feels weird
 i wish i lived in a weed farm or something
 im like u dont know what weed looks like she goes it was green its not usually green like that okay im just gonna walk the fuck away
 at @cadmv coliseum and it smells like everyone smokes up. not a fan of rubber or skunky smell. im just saying.
 apparently my hair smells like weed 
 why does the kid next to me smell like cigarette  smoke weed
 anytime i make a homoerotic bro joke i lose a follower. im gonna keep doing it to weed out the weak ones.
 i hate those sketchy gas stations that smell like a smoke shop
 my hair dont smell like smoke 
 i think if you were to make a wv scented candle it would be piss amp cigarette smoke
 whatever  weed is fucking overrated anyway
 holy smokes 
 @starbucks smokedbutterscotch frappuccino tastes like i expect butterbeer to taste like. smokey  creamy  rich  buttery.
 when i cannot see words curling like rings of smoke round me i am in darknessi am nothing.  virginia woolf amwriting amreading writing
 register now online with live doctor for nys medical marijuana card  
 who is tranna go walk dogs and smoke at park  its a very nice day
 @scottfish24 well worth the extra coin imo. i like the taste difference much more. seems more smokey than the 8
 nothing is happening in berkeley. no weed lounges. expensive restaurants  came in.
 kid cudi x marijuana is always my vibe
 haha she look like she scared to hold my dick like mermaid what  try again after you smoke some ganja whi 
 it makes me so fuckin mad when i see somebody smoke a cigarette with a baby in the car 
 @desurabbitsfan holy smokes
 if a girl smoke cigarettes that pussy smells like south west philly
 blues brothers  smokey and the bandit  a few good men 
 @thehill bernie is right. dnc was crooked  biden is lovable like smokey the bear is lovable. but not potus material.
 new perfume smells like your favorite marijuana strain. 
 how can dudes listen to g herbo. dude raps like half a second off beat and his voice sound like a 65 year old smoker thats got a cold
 why did this kid at school look just like a short and chubby version of smokepurpp 
 i dont smoke   but the taste of weed on a guys lips   when im making out with him   turns me on 
 when you feel like you need a cig but you dont smoke 
 my brain hurts. dont so the lean guys or the marijuanas theyre evil.
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 ugh how do people smoke cigarettes constantly it smells so bad
 well now i know what the smoke alarm in my place sounds like when it goes off.
 she kinda looks like she smokes crack or something  you know 
 does anyone have a fulltime weed dealer in tipton seems like everyone here doesnt know its a career.
 i sound like a 60 year old smoker.
 holy smokes more people like nickleback that @potus.
 smells like straight weed on my floor
 how can you smell weed and your... 2 cars over from me coming out a complex im lost
 i smell like weed amp i aint even smoke. im hella confused
 when you wake up to the smell of smoke
 were not in a relationship or nun  the vibe is right  we eat good  smoke good  amp fuck on each other and i like it  hegonfallinloveheem
 happiness is when the apartment smells like weed and laundry 
 bryce hempel checks in
 bryce hempel misses lay in
 bryce hempel with a block
 bryce hempel grabs rebound
 came home to a smoke house from my moms incident this week....
 this weed smell like honey smacks with fruity pebble milk
 mitchell faust miss bryce hempel put back
 luke paulson steal bryce hempel lay up
 this cough aint no joke. sounds like i smoke 4 packs a day
 do i look like the smoker type 
 bowlinggreenmassacre sounds like a cannabis strain
 i made my whole apartment smell like weed and my roommates havent said anything lol
 i just said no 2 smoking weed like some kinda square wtf
 i told myself i cant smoke until my rooms clean and ive never cleaned my room better
 im at rollin smoke barbeque in spring valley  nv 
 running over skunks doesnt even phase me anymore because it smells like weed to me 
 my grandmother in here talking bout it smell like reefa   im like you mean weed
 bro someone is legit smoking weed in the gym parking lot. i smell that shit. 
 i would move to hawaii just to grow weed with you in that house for real goals @chelcielynnn 
 my car smells like pizza and weed
 bowling green massacre sounds like a strain of weed in a seth rogan movie.
 im at henry street liquors in hempstead  ny 
 someone in the shuttle smells like weed 
 i got like a qt at home and still bought more weed lol
 this weed some straight petro
 holy smoke 
 @chipkinsey @pamsmithdtn sounds like there is a lot of regulations...but i think it will be worth it if it controls weeds
 j4 smells like weed julia wait this is what weed smells like i always thought someone made chinese every morning or something 
 every smoker when the house owner say house cigs 
 smoking good marijuana is a must
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 me boy it sure smells like weed mom i swear it wasnt me this time grandma sorry... ohgrandma earmuffs
 @aetv smells like weed....hummm
 @marleybigelow @valentinedonna holy smokes kids .. we won 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 open your car i wanna see how bad it smells. is it reggie or dro  okay  first off dad.. im offended that you think i would smoke reggie
 even though i can smoke in my house i love smoking in my car
 oh  so he smoking weed like ya brother  im weak. @manibunny
 i found it on the floor so i smoked it
 the @katpackallday greatamericatour smell like dark liquor and weed lmao......... atlanta philipsarena
 criticizing me for smelling like weed is no less racist than making fun of indians for smelling like curry
 when the homie smokes you out 
 sams room always smells like some good ass air freshener and weed
 people who smoke are the fucking worst...fuck you for making me smell like a fucking ash tray piecesofshit
 this is the type oaf weed man that gets mad when you only hit him up about weed  
 my sick voice ranges from cute little girl to chain smoker
 having weed at work is like having gum im school
 having weed at work is like having gum at school
 lmaooooo me af when i smoke at home but walk in the house and see moms  
 @downlikehtown this shit sounds like something id smoke to 
 dammmn you smell like weed dudee 
 oh. my. god. one day i will smoke the shit out of the new strains once i retire. 
 i can taste the smoke rolling off your lips i inhale see the starts then i smell your kiss
 name that inspirational speaker i would like to be president someday  so no  ive not smoked 
 hes like a lighter to my cigarette watch me smoke
 somethings wrong today im seeing a hella lot more smoke in the air
 my boss has his whole restaurant smelling like weed  sharing is caring
 trying to remember what house show i made someone feel so bad about not having door money they gave me their weed
 why does it smell like smoke in my house i swear im gonna die yall
 healthy kids smoke broccoli
 my neighbors smoke cigarettes in their apartment and its making my living room smell like shit 
 me in front of the original smokey and the bandit poster  truck stop in waterloo   new york. @ 
 that moment you smoke your last cigarette 
 a singer in a smokey room. @ martys cocktail lounge 
 good weed too 
 just smellin like weed and cologne goals heis2cool cmchat 
 @yoyoungbaby he was like ok what i was like find me weed bc i wasnt able to stop at my apartment and grab anything so he did amp when i got
 @wmmorgan smellin like weed and cologne lifegoals heis2cool cmchat 
 @yoyoungbaby to my parents i was like ok do you have a bowl too he was like no.....but i can make you something to smoke out of
 @yoyoungbaby go outside to smoke it keep in mind i didnt stop home before i came here so im wearing my moms pjs ok back to it anyways
 damn after last night my car smells like weed now like how even whyyyy
 i wish my man was here with me @ the bar so he can grab my ass while i smoke hookah thotshit
 i said i wana try to smoke something ...bruddo my homie said i got that good stuff that will have you seeing rabbits ...im good never mind
 fucking left my weed at my boyfriends  why do i do this
 she like i left my weed at home
 uber weed delivery  
 @mde sounds like i should be allowed to smoke here
 my car smells like weed so bad.
 im sure every smoker has had their moments...beto just had his 
 i feel like smoking marijuana
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 i smell like brisket sandwiches and smoke
 you sound like a chronic smoker jack
 ggets into the car  vivi you smell like weed and alcohol oops  sorry mom
 if im nice enough to give you my coat  please dont go smoke pot in it and have it smelling awful
 one of your drivers just smoked me out @uber
 ive been smoke weed for like 9 years.... i feel fucking old af.
 youll know when my brother is home the entire house will just smell like weed
 my clothes smell like weed  and my hair
 dance around in your smoke and flicker out
 chill music  a dark room and some weedgt
 when i retire i swear im going to live in jaimaca in a hut and have a weed and puppies shop ariana 
 i can still smell the smoke from the car and my ears ringing bad....
 incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2e  old country road to exit w3w  hempstead turnpike 
 incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2e  old country road to exit w3w  hempstead turnpike 
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 cleared incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2e  old country road to exit w3w  hempstead turnpike
 cleared incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2e  old country road to exit w3w  hempstead turnpike
 my bonnet smell like weed 
 i get so tired when i smoke like i could be knocked for a whole day
 when the weed dealer says he has fruity pebbles 
 @malikthamartian some that will make you go  looks at weed im good off this entirely
 music to smoke and ride to 
 im at hempstead  ny in hempstead  ny 
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 is this a gun store i see like what looks like lawnmowers and weedeaters 
 my car smells like weed  sweat and blackampmilds. @rudyvasquez12
 what the hell was in emilio estevez weed that made him get so hype thebreakfastclub
 police will pull you over for your license plate light being out then say your car smells like marijuana just to search your shit lol
 as soon as i can put this weed down im going straight to post office real shit 1800 every 2 weeks aint bad think im playing
 the weed got my whole crib smelling like a pound 
 i smoke broccoli  it hurt my chest
 i came to firestone for an oil change and it smells like weed  idk if i should be worried about this one or not
 @slamonline...not to say there are no marijuana related incidents that occur periodically  but marijuana is clearly the lesser of all evils.
 holy smokes yall. when did this kid grow up man i love her. isnt she beautiful 
 i seriously hate smelling like someones cigarette smoke 
 i was wondering why i smelt like hella weed this morning when i woke up..i had bud in my boobs lol
 i didnt smoke this morning like i usually do and im so annoyed lol
 photoshoots with a crackhead  good weed  good food
 morning  from the team at smokesumbbq   making deliveries  keeping oyr customers happy have a good ine
 @adellicate bb never feel gross and ugly you are a beautiful being  but try not smoke if itll make you feel that way its not worth it
 how you and your roommates really sound after you smoke and freestyle. 
 someone in this convention center has the dankest weed in their pocket because i can smell it everywhere
 u guys ever wake up and your breath tastes like weed
 the person who drove my friends ampi to the party had his shuttle smelling like weed and he told us to get lit. i love alabama
 oh yeah oh yeah  everything is terrible  buying marijuana makes you feel like a criminal. themenzingers 
 yo we in here like weed smoke and kush ashes what up yall trapamaniacs bringin that fire
 i love the way people look at me when they realized that weed smell coming from my car 
 enjoy a cannabis massage in your hotel room while visiting denver cannabiscommunity cannabis 
 doctor say that im a healthy kid i smoke nothing but broccoli kodakblackhtx tonight live in concert
 i literally smell like a pack of smoked ciggys.
 im at rollin smoke barbeque in las vegas  nv 
 bryce hempel with a nice assist for ben grosse lay up
 when you take deliveries to people whos houses smell like weed 
 bryce hempel grabs rebound off sioux falls roosevelt miss
 told the doctor im a healthy boy  i smoke broccoli
 i like them girls that like weed and cold drinks.
 there is so much smoke in the house ogn
 i left all of our bud on the desk in our hotel and we got a note from the cleaner saying not to smoke in the room lol...
 bryce hempel with a steal miss layup
 my mom is a true homie  she didnt snitch on me to my dad about me being drunk and smelling like weed 
 smoking weed just feels like jesus on a saturday
 strawberry cake its like they are channeling @preciousdiva81 @ smoke ring 
 my weedman want me to go to the barbershop. no.
 why because five hours of smoke taste good smoked tritip 
 we can all healtheworld  if we could grow hemp to share whatever happened to freetrade 
 old lady smokers voice i dont want to sound ignorant  but when i farted my chest started to feel better.
 thank you hempco  for sponsoring me @symentha msnsimonhenleylevfeb 
 walked through a fraternity neighborhood and it smelled like straight up weed
 my mama got the windows up wish gtf i dont even smell weed
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 when i smoke in my robe i feel like a bad bitch
 @libuff21 @kcaid the feds have been producing weed 4 research 4 years that apparently tastes like a not a peerreviewed statement
 always loving this place.  @ flowers and weeds 
 just tryna hang my christmas lights in my room and smoke. im so over this whole moving thing.
 brisk half amp half blueberry lemonade taste like weed but that hoe good af 
 saturdays are for smoking hella weed
 my dads weed tastes like fruity pebbles
 told the doctor  im a healthy kid  i smoke brocolli
 i dont feel like doing nothing tonight but a smoke sesh n some food with a couple of peeps lol
 walked outside my store only thing i smell is weed cigarettes and alcohol
 the thirst is real for me to smoke dawg i can legit smell bud everywhere i turn 
 holy smokes look at you 
 i sound like a combination of kermit the frog and a smoker today
 when your neighbors smoke hella so when your room smell like weed all i gotta tell my pops is pa son los vecinos
 gander mountain right now smells like weed
 p sure i gave myself a conkie when i smoked my skull off of a hanger in the locker room
 how is my mom gonna come into my room and say woah it smells like marijuana my tree isnt even in the house dh
 i love going into fine establishments smelling like weed.
 the gates by my house opened back up after the .  that bbq smoke aroma is increasing my quality of life lately.
 smelling smoke on someone seriously grosses me out.
 i smell weed everywhere lol
 @thatshymn good music is like weed for my soul. and let the church say amen
 holy smokes this place rules. @ flashback toys and collectibles in reno  nv  
 when ur weed man is ur ex boyfriend so its hella casual and he always blesses 
 thank god i stuffed myself on rollin smoke  because costco pizza is smelling insanely good today
 i love smokey and the bandit
 nothing like a good bottle of tiny house ros and some smoked salmon to cap off a whole day of 
 i feel like i have more pictures of weed up here more than anything 
 kbbq tactics take off bra so it doesnt smell like smokey meet  wearing leggings for more room in pants
 cant breathe in this uber. i better not smell like smoke when i get out ewwww 
 my room smells like weed and mcdonalds.....
 good vibesampgood weed
 bro if you smell like a freshly smoked pack of cigs  getcho ass away from me 
 my niggas used to smoke loud now they on dog food
 how does god feel about weed asking for a friend
 @billnye @adguwap @jrandle96 my weed man name is trey
 i smell weed outside my door... 
 i went into this tattoo place and it smelled like evil...they were smoking marijuana jill
 my window is open to my livingroom and i legit smell weed...
 nothing more inviting than walking into your caf and there be smoke everywhere. way to go macu
 as im getting searched she feels my weed and shes like snthisball u have im like yea and shes like next time smoke before u come here
 from the weed house straight to the strip club.
 brandon jennings smokes hella bud
 lots of dance music that reminds me of a large  dark basement with disco lights and the smell of spilled beer and smoke.  abftp
 lmao my aunty revealed to my parents today that i smoke with my cousin  so much so that we call each other cheech and chong
 lol at the fact that i walk into the bathroom at the bowling alley and it smells like straight weed from the lady in front of me 
 my lollipops taste like weed cous my purse got bud in it
 what i will argue is to not being in the hall of fame. t lawrence smoked crack for gods sake.
 i just sprayed axe all over myself so kevins family wouldnt smell weed on me n i feel like im in middle school again
 i would like to smoke but then again 
 lol i was walking down the street to oomf apartments amp a car full of guys topped @ the stop sign amp opened their doors trynna smoke amp give
 pro tip you always look awesome on  livepd wth a half smoked cigarette behind your ear.
 god im so used to being able to smoke inside it sucks when i cant. this hotel will charge u 350 if the room smells like smoke.
 bitches be like i know how to smoke   looking like  
 currensy make the best music to ride out and smoke to
 coworker sees me smoke omg u are so dangerous me lol y because u look like the innocent one
 like from the kitchen to the back room and even the room thats not on the side close to her with the door close. straight fuckin weed.
 i hate smelling like fire smoke 
 smells like jalapeos amp marijuana in this movie theater lmfao
 i smoked weed once and i... coughed
 this smoke is too good for this to be happening opusx @cigaraficmag cigarslife thickashmag 
 theres weed in my house somewhere but no one knows who it is and about 9 adults drinking  and 10 kids in my house
 i enjoy smoking weed 
 fuck looks like im a heavy smoker  
 her boyfriend does weed
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke cantaloupe
 why does our room smell like weed
 fucking dave smoked beans on the new fireplace with the kids
 trying to convince my mom to let my brosis amp i to grow weed
 2214 || light smoke inside the structure possibly from the hvac unit. firefighters assisting in building evacuation. chicofd
 the problem with history  it keeps coming back like weeds 
 im at banger in hempstead  ny 
 damn im gonna make a good wife someday. just a real groovy bitch that likes to dance and smoke weed
 24 hours in a house of cigarette smoke and i want to die. how did people live like this everywhere back in the 90s
 my weave smell like smoke 
 how do people smoke cigarettes   like do you not know what they smell like    they smell like shit   they probably taste like shit too 
 nothing smells as good as the mixture of alcohol  weed  and a bunch of people in a small house.
 life aspirations make it big like @bixelboys so i can smoke onstage during my set
 its happening now....i need weed 
 i smell like a walking cigarette amp i didnt even smoke
 holy smokes
 i  my floor it always smells like popcorn and weed
 boi you smell like cheap weed and applesauce
 if u smoke like i smoke then youre high like everyday
 someone in the hotel is smoking weed  the foul odor is seeping through the bathroom vent. you can smell it in the room 
 some guest in the hotel is smoking weed in their room  the foul odor is seeping through our bathroom vent. you can smell it in our room 
 i wanna smoke but i dont feel like going thru the whole backwood rolling process rn.
 thank god for hemp cream
 the good thing is when i get stopped i can always get away with smelling like i just colored the shit of a kids page and not smoked a bowl
 alex went to smoke a bowl in his car and now im chillin alone in the room 
 i hate when rickey dumb ass smoke he be out like my nigga we just walked in the damn door den takin up da whole bed
 smoke some weed make some music mmm growth quote boostedthinking
 prolly smell like smoke n cigs. 
 @yatesanna24 bates motel  90210  weeds  bloodline
 my carmex taste like weed
 clichy is so shit bro. holy smokes
 gym. smoke. library. sounds about right
 holy smokes 
 my mama  kendrianna your room smell like that pack   what kinda weed that is  
 my car smells like weed  beer  and cigarettes. signsofagoodnight
 smell weed in the air 
 sometimes i like to chill homie   sometimes i like to smoke
 yelling about weed and welfare in front of a costumer is why they dont fucking like us
 me some weed smells look like skunk    my aunt only the good stuff   
 they say they smoke the loudest yet there pockets are quiet... rollingmyeyes
 holy smokes 
 my mom really just told me i better not make my new car smell like weed
 and some good weed
 @todf not every show of incompetence is actually a smokescreen. its just incompetence. hes not the fucking devil.
 l.a. vapors elite smoke shop houses more authentic egyptian hookahs than anyone in the area 
 sitting in bed watching the wire  smoking weed amp writing music. happysunday
 had to disinfect the whole studio bih. we smoke like fucking sailors in here
 i fuk her once forget her i pull up and upset her smoke kush make me feel better
 who got a weedman near kedzie
 so how do they teach cops exactly what weed smells like.. are they like smell these nugs..this is what the kids refer to as loud  
 @krackerkhalifa how do you know if i smoke good 
 why are west omaha kids acting like theyre in a gang and have shot someone bc they sold weed one time ur mom pays for your corolla  trey
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli  
 goof luck to @snhufieldops @snhusm @snhualumni scott weeden tonight  enjoy the moment @sweed89
 plot twist ariah doesnt smoke lmaoooooooo. 
 im gona smoke weed feel high like its legit ayy
 i have to smoke like im in a hotel  in the bathroom  with the shower on steamy hot lol
 cmon man @billgalway  ... looks just like my high school locker room half the guys on my team smoked one thing or 
 god bless weed deliveries dont even gotta leave my house
 i put my chapstick in my little bag where i keep my weed in amp now all i can taste is marijuana 
 told my doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoliiiiiiii
 like smoking weed behind my parents back 
 i feel like mcdonalds just made me some weed cookies .. cause thats exactly what it taste like ..
 windows are open with that fresh air pumping through to filter out the dab smoke. today is a good day.
 why tf does my car smell like marijuana
 i just lit a candle and my mom replies how do u know how to do that  do u smoke you better not. 
  mariah said whats the strongest weed isnt it called cookies 
 this nigga coughed while he was hitting the joint last night and the weed went everywhere 
 when ur cousin smells like weed amp you dont smoke 
 for every white kid who gets off easy after raping a woman theres a black kid being tried as an adult for marijuana charges
 it never been the weed lol weed just lets you know evil lurks 
 like why is everyone so hostile. smoke a blunt or somethin b
 i was sooooo fucking mad last night  i had like half a blunt left to smoke and savs bumped tf out of me and it fell 
 ...but like how strongly is this dog gonna smell like weed when we give him back 420
 my mouth taste  like mad weed
 i hate the smell of weed and alcohol is disgusting. when did i turn into this person
 oh and at church today  my mom whispered into my ear so a patient gave me a gift yesterday.. a marijuana joint   lmao oh mom
 chances are  this nigga approached you like you smoke as he was digging in his pocket for the swisher 
 suckling pig goes straight on the smoker if i see one wrapped like this in a store. have to order through my butche 
 it smells like weed and its giving me a headache 
 smelling flowers not smoke at most dallasparks smelling cigarettes over @fletchersdogs  
 when i grow old  ill drink and smoke  like i did when youth stayed 
 cali smells like weed 
 first @tayediggs follows me and then @thebostonpride ... holy smokes 
 my neighbors house smells like weed. im
 im dead like this with my weed  regardless of how good u look 
 holy smokes the pregame is so much brady and patriots sb51
 im not the only guy who smells like weed in this little caesars
 nothing better than coming home to a free base and finding weed in my room 
 @jamiusa @pontifex maybe soros paid for his white smoke
 soo much kush smoke in the air that you can smell the oder
 why does this town smell like weed  amp where it at 
 chippys dad smells like some in ass weed 
 when we were leaving the comp we got into an elevator amp it smelled so much like weed i had to take a step back amp recollect myself
 good music  good people  and great weed... the game is just a bonus .
 i swear only thing i do daily is smoke medical bud i geek sleep then dont feel like touching any thing but weed this isnt usually me
 came outside and fucking died bc my mom told me our coworker gave her a weed brownie
 i knew my ass been smelling weed in the house my mom be fucking smoking in her damn room yo i thought it was just my nose
 just popped a perk bout to smoke this kush to elevate it
 @verge ok look. good for bud but i smoke bud not drink bud and football is not for me.
 someone in my apartment building is smoking hella weed. 
 young rich and iconic. big titties im signing big white smoke clouds everytime i talk does it look like im in a c 
 why does it smell like weed in here all the time 
 i had me a girl  like cigarette smoke  she came and she went. 
 i like hiphop music and marijuana sport ans skateboard
 i like hiphop music and marijuana sports and skateboard.
 holy smokes i did not see this coming.
 would like to thank god for weed. during trying times like this patriots game the only stuff that calms my nerves is this.
 this coffee tastes like weed
 halftime smoke sb51 @ bowne park  new york 
 she just farted and smoke came out
 holy smokes. falcons.  sb51  riseup
 oh my goodness this is bad same old crap lots of smoke  girating dancers  lip syncing  lady not....not good
 that was so good holy smokes @ladygaga
 holy smokes  @ladygaga slayed the halftime show  amazing to see her perform like her old monster self  pepsihalftime
 holy smokes  @anheuserbusch.
 wow denver smells of weed.
 im staying in this dump of a hotel and the room smells very strong of the reefer and one of the lights doesnt work
 my neighbors are fighting about what sounds like one family member buying weed from a homie instead of his family member.... sb51
 its like trying to put smoke back in this cigarette 
 the campus smell like weed from the union to the urec... yall wild
 holy smokes the athleticism of edelman i cannot even 
 edelman holy smokes
 superbowl is getting real  holy smokes
 patriots have comeback. holy smokes. sb51
 holy smokes. sb51
 holy smokes wow superbowl
 the pats actually forced ot  holy smoke...
 piqua smells like straight weed
 holy smokes
 brady holy smokes dude what a comeback
 sorry to interrupt your superbowl cdale firefighters. but i really did see smoke coming from the building across the road. bluefishtales
 my clothes smell like beer  cigarettes  fire smoke  and cigars.
 at super bowl party tonight this woman something smells kinda like marijuana my dad its probably blaise 
 super bowl selfies... @ 1911 smoke house barbeque 
 told my grandpa how depressed the super bowl made me he saidgo get high on something  that marijuana or whatever lol  classic
 quite literally just smoked with my uber driver
 whoever was in front of me on 20  yall smell like you just smoked youself into another dimension
 i just woke up amp my bitch walks in with flowers  chocolates  weed  food amp money @rt4fd @rtcunt96 @rtdumb 
 im not even a smoker until i smell that kush 
 and we smoke that kush yea that kush and we ball like swish....
 tell me why i left my weed at the kickback my soul hurts
 bout to smoke the entire zip tonight just because
 i hate it when my hair smells like smoke. . i dont even smoke and my shit smells like straight gas.
 chicken nuggets and marijuana all i need
 feels like forever since i last smoked
 to everyone who burns incense because they think it covers the weed smell  it doesnt.
 look  guys  smoking weed is rad  but i would really like a variety in my snap stories
 really from the kids. smoked salmon and cucumber and italian hot pocket for dinner. @ design on 
 my whole floor smell like weed  someone getting lit 
 do you realize that march madness is hella soon..holy smokes man...holy friggin smokes too dang excited
 bruh i i burned my food sooo bad that the smell of smoke awoke my whole household and i got my parents mad at me and shit  its the weed 
 bruh i i burned my food sooo bad that the smell of smoke awoke my whole household and i got my parents mad at me and shit  its the weed 
 anybody with nothing to do feel like searching for something to smoke with me
 i smoked outside my grandparents house in the drive way and you can smell the gas inside 
 love it when i open my window to get some fresh air circulation  but all i can smell is marijuana. classy laramie  thanks.
 good weed 
 my cat is rubbing her face in my hair  which smells like both alcohol and weed right now.
 hey fixerupper  how bout you fixer upper the fucking smoke alarm in your demo house thats been chirping constantly next door for a week
 me why is that light still off holy hell logan sorry didnt know smoky the bear was trying to smoke 3 grams right now oops
 how i just met my new plug got into a car that i thought was my uber and he said haha im not your uber im here to drop off some marijuana
 this whole fucking apartment smells like beer and weed and its making me physically ill
 my bathroom smells like someone hotboxd it but i havent had weed in 500 years and no it aint shit
 ventilation system is still causing our bathroom to smell like stale weed
 tonka smokeybear playsets 1972 @ smokey bear historical park 
 @beetlejers you enjoy a toke and you enjoy a smoke  but you will not go near the coke  good for you my escort friend  good for you
 i could chain smoke an entire pack of cigarettes thinking of how you left me when i needed you the most.
 mom why does it smell like weed in the houseme opening the front door take a smell outside and tell her smell out side how bout dat
 im so tired and my voice sounds like a 70 year old chain smoker so thats gr8 i enjoy being sick
 holy smoke  
 it smells like so much weed on this bus lol
 me before leaving my house why do i have six lighters in my pockets i dont even smoke.
 it smells like weed on the bus 
 i hate when people get in my fucking car and tell me it smell like weed like bitch get tf out
 i smoked to much m6 thort hurts 
 @realdonaldtrump wonderful speaker on cannabis for epilepsy   
 someone was smoking weed on my hall at 230 in the morning
 my entire apartment building smells like weed. in college  that was fun and quirky. as an adult who cant smoke  its very annoying.
 sorry im late  students  there was a guy with a weedwacker on my front porch for like a solid 45 minutes and i couldnt leave
 who talks like this the kid with the 2.0 gpa in high school smoking weed in the bathrooms talks like this. 
 she does weed
 why does everyone from boston smoke the dankest weed. every corner its like a smog of anal skunk spray
 some guy behind me smell like madd weed..
 my entire purse smells like weed 
 im talking like a smoke 
 im talking like i smoke
 @shaahh15 kush is a potent strain of weed i read it in a book
 im recovering from those 2 weed cookies ate 
 i smell weed
 once again my whole math class smells like fucking weed
 to one of the female residents on the 5th floor  if youre going to smoke in your room learn to do it without making the whole floor reek.
 if it didnt smell like weed id move here.  @ venice beach  california 
 @aadetugbo @niyibankz skunk a different badass strain of weed.
 boutta smoke a jay and vibe to music
 i smell like a pound of weed walking in this health class.
 im sure if it smells like hella weed they gonna  
 i always smell like weed amp i think its so funny
 mom  she works in a health building and smokes no judgement though sure mom sureeeeeee
 my mother got in my car and was like it smell like straight weed 
 so im in an uber pool and the girl riding with me smells like she has atleast a pound of weed in her bag.
 the security guards here have the nerve to tell me i smell like marijuana like bitch thats cuz i smoked marijuana
 of course mcauley also smells like weed today i hope the observers enjoy that
 cake back from lunch and set off the alarm and deff smelled like weed  in front of eveyone
 my dad told me my car smells like weed 
 you definitely can not cover up your cigarette smoke w perfume. like it doesnt work. like stop.
 every time i clean my house i always find hella weed
 so this what it look like when @god smoke that loud. 
 my mouth tastes like weed and metal and my stomach hurts so bad uh ok
 smell this weed amp tell me what it is  mauie wowie.... im too good at this lmao i know the smell of my fav weed strains
 my og went from proud athletic mom to smelling weed
 teacher said i smell like weed and now its the talk of class 
 people love looking at you crazy when you reek of weed.
 someone smells like weed in this class...
 idk who to look at her or the weed there both so good to me 
 walks in mels room me smoke up  toke up mel burn up  turn up 
 this uber driver keep asking me if i smoke weed nigga i got a whole zip on me whats good 
 young thug once said my weed is loud and you smoking library   at that moment i knew he would be around forever.
 why did you smoke you a child of god now huh 
 i dont always smoke cigars  but when i do  my mouth tastes like burnt ass for the next three days
 its so smokey on the 3rd floor 
 can we all just take a second to talk about how beautiful @edelman11 is holy smokes... 
 the gym parking lot always smells like weed and pizza. youd think it smells good  but it doesnt 
 it smells like weed in my bio class
 my truck stays smelling like weed and i dont even smoke 
 i hate a  it smell like weed  ass classmate 
 im at town of hempstead in ny 
 i hate a it smells like weed in here type of person. thank you for stating the obvious
 its like trying to put smoke back in this cigarette
 just like most talks with your kids  keep conversations about retail marijuana ageappropriate. 
 i quit smoking weed when i put my xbox controller in my pocket and made it all the way to the town center thinking it was my cellphone
 you smell like smoke you havent been smoking in the car have you 
 tell the doc im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 if you smoke cigarettes in your house or car  youre disgusting
 did you know that when you burn trash the smoke creates a nice smoky smell everyone likes and then goes into sky and turns to stars
 couldnt enjoy the superbowl win because toomey kicked over my table and knocked all the weedalcohol and food over my floor
 i met the lil homie at my kuzin bubba house on some get money shit. solid young bull   gone to soon. we smoked like 10 backs. @goldblood400
 big white smoke clouds every time i talk does it look like im in a comic 
 thank god my coworkers all live around the block from me amp smoke mad bud lmao luv smashfam
 whys my beauty blender smell like weed
 would everyone be so pro marijuana use for medicinal use if it didnt make you high  just sounds like a justification to smoke to me
 saggin my dickies smoke like a hippie. smell so good when she get wet and sticky
 my hair smells like nothing but weed... i hate this shit
 the cheeto puff lab made me smell like smoke
 i just burped and that shit smelled like straight weed
 people be bitching about the smell of weed but not the smell of cigarettes like tf  cigarettes smell like ass
 when i become a parent ima let my kids smoke weed
 fucking and smoking on marijuana  heard it good for the glaucoma
 smoke then gym or gym then smoke 
 why does it always smell like weed outside the library 
 i dont smoke but i will turn up a bottle in a minute   especially wine...  oh god  im a stereotypical female writer
 holy smokes 
 your mcm car sounds like it smokes cigarettes
 all my clothes smell like weed 
 i wanna know what it feels like to smoke with you and kiss you...
 @jimbaumbach @brodskyrobert @stapenewsday  @newsday what are they building in the parking lot by hempstead tpke and chas lindbergh
 @jimbaumbach @brodskyrobert @stapenewsday  @newsday what are they building in the parking lot by hempstead tpke and chas lindbergh
 @ot50yl @neilot50yl  can i smoke whatever he smokin 
 i ate my veggies boy im healthy i smoke broccoli 
 i like my music how i like my weed  loud
 meet the nuns who grow medical marijuana 
 so sick it sounds like i smoke 2 packs for cigarettes an hour
 bb kings ny lyricist lounge presents mobb deep  20th anniversary of hell on earth  w pete rock  smoke dza  amp camp lo february 16  2017
 my car smells like panda and weed
 think ima smoke a few blunts and listen to some house music
 i like my weed how i like my music loud af 
 wellllll just realized my heated blanket has been on for more than 2 hours wout me in it.. it smells like smoke. what do i doooo
 aaaand now my room smells like weed 
 and then i smoked that shit felt hella good
 theres hella weed shops here in oregon lol
 your hair smells like smoked hotdogs @rachaellcook
 morning house fire at 39023 n. 10th st. found to be a marijuana grow house with possible lab equipment  mcso detect 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 @phaganmatthew i was just playing bro i dont smoke.
 sitting in the library. smelled weed the whole time im here. just realized i have a weed container in my pocket lmao
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 the whole city of vancouver smells like weed lol
 my grandpa left me a voicemail  angelise trishon jones it smells like reefer in here amp im not tolerating it  
 brb burying my emotions in nuggets of green and a cloud of smoke
 when you see cars at an empty park after 7. there is one thing happening in them hot boxing w or wo weed .
 my gma calls me into the room and asked about me smoking weed like whaaaaaat im a child of god
 cant concentrate on homework when the downstairs neighbors decide to have band practice and smoke so much weed
 that bitch look like a smoker 
 literally cant have any windows or doors open ever because our neighbor smokes 247 
 ithinkthisisourlastdate cuz you smell like weed amp  didnt share.
 @roachmolly 1 oh yeah because no k state players smoke weed 2 vick wasnt charged its a rumor a jealous girl made up
 sucks when your hoodie smells like smoke when you dont lol
 oomf always smells like weed   he smells perfect every trip  
 smoke good weed amp drink good lean
 whew  smoke
 i smoke crack on paypal
 i swear i smell weed  who is smoking marijuana in this house other than me 
 smells like straight weed in my house 
 top comment ive heard in the dorms thus far its smells like the weed.
 i was like oh this looks nasty but then i thought ohhh it had weed okay that looks good. then i realized its just 
 my neighbor just brought me and my brother weed 
 really like weeds on netflix very intriguing  recommend 1010
 holy smokes. 
 i can not wait to smoke oh my god
 thank god im seeing ganja white night at okeechobee so i dont have to go to u street
 if youre going to smoke weed in the dorms can you at least make sure the room next to you doesnt smell it aka me
 i smoked weed with steve jobs and thats when he invented the ipad
 i h8 the smell of weed
 if you smell like weed get tf away from me idc
 hate the smell of weed now that i dont smoke 
 my neighbor was outside smoking weed and my dad wwnt outside and yelled that it smelt like weed then said hi to my neighbor 
 i told my dumbass brother years ago i can make vapable weed uberride
 bless the copper that pulled me over  pointed out my headligh and my car smelling like weed  and let me go with just a warning. 
 i love how cheap weed is at the clubs in sac it makes me feel less bad about my stoner habits
 ur mcm room smells like stale weed and feet
 cali smells like coronas and weed
 never mix your liquor and weed lol
 i seriously hate my neighbors below me  my apartment has been smelling like freaken weed. smh. most definitely needs to stop. smoke outside
 i like smoking weed i like gettin fly
 this kid really blew me expecting me to front him free weed  miss me with that charity shit
 now that my mama know i smoke im finna be comin home higher than a kite
 walking bear live on ig maybachmonday beefnbroccoli week5  weedslut420 
 2 likes and im high off this fucking weed lol
 doesnt feel like i smoke a lot of weed   but cleaning my car windows today made me see how much i actually did. damn 
 like this if i should steal this girls weed cookies before i leave her house
 great my fave part of the night  i try to sleep and my neighbors sound like dying animals fucking. smoking all the weed is necessary af rn.
 i dont smoke kush but for some reason  im hella fascinated by weed culture
 my bed smell like straight weed 
 holy smokes  @masonzoe15 
 pornstar @teannatrump is so bad ass she taught snoop dogg how to smoke and taught kevin hart how to tell a joke 
 alright.. im sooo over my room smelling like weed 247. thank you potheads downstairs 
 @ayoitsjohnny 5 and i was like aye is there weed in it and he was like nah foo it tobacco. i was like tf we smoking this for
 fuck this ra disrupting my sleep talking bout the hallway smells like smoke and so does your room 
 knocking tracks out with my bro @lightbub catch me performing this saturday at the 420 smoke 
 knocking tracks out with my bro @lightbub catch me performing this saturday at the 420 smoke 
 but like whos down to smoke right now so i can put some kush in the air 
 holy smokes. can i insure it 
 i somehow hovered home. seriously. so much weed. god damn portland. the crystal ballroom itself is high right now. what are you doing.
 i smell like smoke   ewwww
 kids that made fun of me for smelling like cigs are now chain smokers
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 i be cooling going to work smoking my weed really minding my business..
 all the cool kids smoke so its in front of the mexican place on 13th
 i walk to class from my car every morning and it reeks like weed 
 why does the 200300 hallway smell like smoke
 love walking outside to the wonderful smell of smoke 
 mcconnell basically just said it smells like weed in here amp sprayed us all with febreeze 
 all these kids keep laughing and making jokes how it smells like weed. boy im 22. shit legal stop making a scene
 if you feel the need to smoke weed @ 7 a.m  you straight up got a problem.
 see ya this weedkend at @onelovecalifest  
 sound like u need some weed 
 mommah bear walks into my room. pick a hand left nope right nope ummm... mommah bear hands me a bag of weed she found while walking
 if i look at you like how i look at weed when i first get some just know im serious about ya.
 today the woman in front of me smells like weed amp laundry detergent
 i feel like my twitter is just complaints  memes  sex  makeup  weed  food and drunk tweets
 i swear ny niggas only smoke paper and fronto 
 someone smells like smoke amp vomit in chem... plzsendhelp 
 these hallways straight smell like weed today 
 sadly this is me too.  i will drop everything from your weed to your children for no apparent reason.  i like to ju 
 @stlhatedmopar @mattersustand industrial hemp is 98 hemp hippies and the other 2 just want to make money. be very very cautious
 @stlhatedmopar @mattersustand industrial hemp is a done deal 14 law allows for hemp cultivation. industrial hemp is a rabbit trail of hell
 i just came outside to smoke a cigarette and my neighbor is throwing up outside at 800am
 i just came outside to smoke a cigarette and my neighbor is throwing up outside at 800am
 im probably just gonna smoke this whole zip who knew christmas was in february thats nuts
 i feel rude not saying thank you to the people who hold the door for me but i also sound like i smoke 8 packs a day
 smells like smoke it the girls bathroom 
 niggas who smoke in their cars always have black ice air freshners in their car
 this why i smoke broccoli 
 hella extra like the rain is not that bad like chill and smoke a blunt uggggh
 not to sound like one of those im too good ppl but the smell of reggie being smoked legit makes me nauseous
 im addicted to making love  eating food  amp smoking weed... no rehab needed just a nigga whos willing to provide all 3 
 wtf is this.. when i smoke i look like a damn crackhead 
 good weed amp good music
 can the police search my car if they smell marijuana  
 smoking designer smoke thats like errday
 this cough is ridiculous  i sound like a smoke a pack a day 
 new tech smell like old cigarette smoke
 ill tap the break while you crack the window  the smell of smoke is making my lungs explode.
 these girls behind me basically said get your priorities straight  then start smoking weed look at these millionaires like rihanna 
 @flowverchild i also have to stop smoking weed until i feel better. the doctor basically told me that i should quit 
 when your told you cant write about the legalization of marijuana and your whole paper goes out the window.
 im just trying to figure out how this bitch stay with weed  liquor  and gas money but she got three kids  no job and no car .
 this feels like a day to just smoke with good company and listen to good music in the hotbox
 when you can literally smell the weed on your coworker  your tables will smell that too 
 lmao u some boujee ass smoker now  
 why do my fries taste like weed
 got my weed and hella food 
 i just smoked a cigarette outside of my window like who am i
 @lyft only awesome experiences using your service in miami fl. i dont mind your drivers car reeks of marijuana neverusinglyftagain uber
 i like good head i like good reefer  
 when you control the music in your smoke shop and blast @movementsca all day 
 not thinking straight so its only right to smoke a dutch
 @hcammoun is medication slang for weed cuz that sounds like weed
 if you gotta sell weed molly and acid to support your kid  you definitely shouldnt be having kids 
 muah god has blessed with more lil plants  to smoke  and eat the shit out of  gofundme cbdx 
 these dudes just came into class 30 mins late smelling like weed... college
 i hate smelling like weed wit non on me 
 @tropicalty90 the smoke dog baby lmao
 holy smokes  
 day number 40 000 of it smelling like weed in my god forsaken hallway.....this is annoying me...can you tell
 veer music awards are tomorrow @ belmont house of smoke 
 dont get me wrong i used to smoke but i absolutely hate the smell of weed. dont come near me if you smell like that shit.
 im a healthy boy  i smoke broccoli.
 oh for fucks sake the pothead next door moved out after last semester why does the whole building smell like weed again
 @theweekend always makes me smoke weed
 i sound like a smoker.
 just know if u get in my car im sorry if it smells like potato chips and weed
 if you smoke like i smoke then your high like everyday
 it smells like weed amp spaghetti in my 7th period
 swear i smoke everywhere i go  @ central park 
 me explaining myself when one of my boyfriends asks you smoked huh 
 holy smokes 
 the dorms admin keeps reminsing us we cant smoke in the building and everytime im like jesus we know but like
 74yearold man accused of getting his entire church high on weed cookies  via @munchies
 dumb kid i have weed me questions him some bullshit me oh really what does it look like kid its all purple
 why is weed blurred out on the radio
 im a single guy i really would just like to go somewhere like the park or a lake and smoke and vibe out with whoev 
 good discussion of alternative crops today in indiana county...everyone was listening closely..especially when i got to industrial hemp...
 hate how my finger tips always smell like cannabis. 
 vaping in my car on break is so sketchy i feel like people are questioning why my car is so smokey and if im smokin the dope at work
 my birthday last year was sooo chill make up was bomb  smoked hella  amp had great 
 weed be smelling so good too bad ion smoke
 i kept smelling weed as i was walking through campus like wondering who got that loud  stuck my hand in my pocket to find out it was me 
 the 3rd floor of my apartment always smells like either skunk weed or bubble tape.
 thank god for coworkers who sell weed
  smoked that boy  like a loosie  yeah 
 omg yes today dude sat right next to me smelling like a mix of must  pee  weed  amp syrup  
 it really seems like i should be able to walk out of my building for lunch without someone blowing his pot smoke all over me....disgusting
 my cousin on facebook live smoking weed. and my mom pissed because he not inhaling the smoke and wasting the weed. like mom wheeettt 
 my cough sounds like i smoke 5 packs a day
 when i hug your girl i smell like weed 
 one girl sitting in front of me is crunching on her food  and the other kid that just sat down smells like pure smoke
 @hankstserdude56 enjoy fire up the ganja amp celebrate marijuana becoming mainstream bagsofunlimited 
 somebody point me to the marijuana. like now  and im not talking bout no trashhh
 @ericthurm @drunktedtalks the only way to enjoy the declining state of the earths natural resources is to smoke some of those resources.
 tell me why the dentists gloves smells like weed
 og weed my cologne  you can smell it when we walkin in the building 
 what is a girl to do on a rainytuesday in february   get the smoker amp umbrella out amp poor a 
 airways and ketchum always smells like weed
 grandfather told slow down on the weed amp pray more . put in that energy into something more productive
 it sounds better when youre high on marijuana
 someone tell me why the fuck why my street always smells like weed smh
 andrea is allergic to weed oh my fucking gosh  
 im trying to real life smoke a zip with you on my birthday like frfr  
 bluff either smells like weed or popcorn and there is no inbetween
 i lowkey love the smell of weed
 pretty sure my uber driver made a visit to her plug before picking me up bc it smells like straight weed in here efficiency
 @realjaxtaylor @bolanddrummer i would like to be able to smoke something legally  just once. lol. and oxygen is good. always good. 
 holy smokes listen to this if you like @glassanimals  
 theres always this random faint smell of marijuana whenever i listen to the grateful dead
 she said i got boyfriend ok can and im just smoke 
 our floor smells like straight weed
 who has girl scout cookies for sale the actual cookies  not weed..
 my purse smells like soooo much weed its like i blew smoke in there.
 screw weed for making me enjoy the smell of skunk
 kindergarten teacher blowing smoke up a kids ass so she can get a sweet tutoring gig off the books...wow ...shameless ladiesoflondon
 the smoke alarms go off anytime someone in the building cooks 
 holy shit... so skunk spray smells exactly like weed...
 this lady sitting next to me n shes all it smells like marijuana in here...   i was all whats marijuana
 i smoke everywhere  
 just got out of an elevator that smells like weed and perm solution. confused.
 good convos and good weed inspire me 
 hell ya weed is better than cigarettes order online  mmjdirect 
 my room kinda smells like weed and for once its not because of me
 hell ya weed is better than cigarettes order online  mmjdirect 
 @amymebberson i live in washington  wonder if weed sales will go up too
 what if the after life is just all your old pets that you owned who passed away playing poker  smoking weed  and talking about crazy stories
 is weed like illegal or something there 
 smoking weed feels a little bit like huffing bondo
 i walked outside this morning at like 6am to the wonderful smell of someone smoking weed. this break im taking is testing my will power
 eric gordon looks like he smokes newports and works on cars in the alley. 
 @samwebb77 holy smokes
 im sitting filling out an application amp a man walks in  sits right next to me.. asks me if i smoke  if i have boyfriend and what my  is
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 my dad smoking weed in the house like damn can i get some fresh oxygen. 
 rainy windows and honey dew smoke
 smoke good weed until my face feels numb
 yall gotta stop rolling ya roachs back into another one it taste like hella smoke
 faint smell of smoke in air on west side @mattlanza @nwshouston
 faint smell of smoke in air on west side @mattlanza @nwshouston
 that friend you had when you were 22 whose room youd smoke pot in who had like 1 purple wall and a couch that smelled weird
 i always find this a bit eerie  roll of fog  flickering lights  walking through  feel like i should have a smoke  a 
 raiders are out today this morning i got put in handcuffs because my car smelled like fresh weed  be safe out here
 that fruity weed is not gas 
 i like weed more than liquor  its safer
 thought my day was bad enough with my voice sounding like a smokerrobot. i guess screwing up the dance @ halftime was just a cherry on top
 weight room smells like weed
 the weed make me feel better it put me in a vibe
 good vibes .. good music ... good weed .... 
 .@therealstrode just tell me  do you smoke kush   
 light a ciggerate so he dont smell the weed
 be a homie amp smoke me out 
 lorna shore eats slim jims like chain smokers while loading out. i can verify   because i am in the band.
 it feels soo good outside rn i want to smoke outside on my back
 i sleep in polo clothes i wake up with 4 hoes  my lungs is filled with smoke  feel like im on a boat
 when i smoke papers it feels like im drinking diet soda
 when you walk in your room and it smells kinda like weed. but you know it wasnt you at all. and you dont have any either 
 acting like i didnt see that weed fall out of his pocket when went to give us change.  right in front of jaxon 
 so to the new roomie for making the whole apartment smell like weed nottttt 
 acting like i didnt see that weed fall out of his pocket when he gave us change. right in front of jaxon 
 if my whole apartment is filled with my neighbors cigarette smoke i can only imagine hers. her poor baby 
 @akanouse no like the l wont hit if that stuffs in it  like you can smack it as hard as you can and therell barely be any smoke
 @alllyg8r hahah that feels like freaking forever ago holy smokes
 i just love when my apartment smells like weed 247. really makes me happy.
 when your manager comes back from break smelling like pussy weed and everything made from sinners all at the same time
 smoked the last bowl i have with you so i wouldnt feel like an asshole smoking in front of you. now you high and im sober and out of weed
 oh my god imperial dreams making me cry af why they smoke that nigga like that
 i remember when my mom used to be like a 2 hitter quitter and now shell last entire smoke sessions 
 i gotta be careful where i leave my shirts bc they be smelling like weed lmao
 i feel awkward seeing cancer survivors smoke cigarettes
 i always smell like weed and i dont smoke how does that work
 sounds like a weed eater
 of course i smell like weed nigga i smoke weed
 these folks smoke weed everywhere
 they buy smoke shops and liquor stores save up to buy gas stations store
 hella weed 
 ima healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 ma im healthy i smoke broccoli 
 over here coughing like i smoke cigarettes
 tonight my parents accused me of smoking weed. said i was high im no where near high or on drugs
 who tranna smoke after work  hit me
 i smoked this weed strain today that made me hella antisocial idk i didnt feel like talking to nobody..
 thank you @senbrianschatz for speaking tonight on the senate floor about marijuana reform and  jeffsessions. 
 are my neighbors smoking into the fucking vent because my bathroom smells like weed
 everyone smokes weed on here and i feel like a minority... haven about tinder 
 when emily wants me to walk across the street to her boyfriends and smoke w her on the porch lmao 
 while smoking what if you farted and smoke came out
 calling my doctor to tell him im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli 
 i smell all like smoke 
 i came home and next to my window in my room it smelled like weed. i tripped out for a second lol.
 looks like i already smoked it 
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 when you walk into a bar and the bartender says you smell like a skunk... sorry i might have just smoked a bowl outside...
 told that doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 youll always float back through my mind like smoke
 i just realized this sounds like ive been smoking weed  my eyes are red from rubbing them cuz allergies amp tiredness 
 twist up this weed realize you in the presence of a g .
 man  i love the smell of cigarette smoke in the morning
 construction on palisadesinterstateparkway sb from exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road to exit 10  germonds road 
 construction on palisadesinterstateparkway sb from exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road to exit 10  germonds road 
 @woodyandwilcox parents took me age 11 amp brother age 8 to theater to see smokey amp the bandit. awesome youth moment. bestparentsever
 you gotta crawl before you walk. walk before you run. runnin red lights  smokin weed like tommy buns
 enjoy your wednesday and enjoy your smokes 
 @lirr any word on the eta of the 744 hempstead at nassau blvd
 @austinjay49 smoke a nice little j and 3 sips of chardonnay. always does the trick
 sometimes i forget how good getting high feels and then i smoke a fattie with keef and get reminded real quick
 cleared construction on palisadesinterstateparkway sb from exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road to exit 10  germonds road
 cleared construction on palisadesinterstateparkway sb from exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road to exit 10  germonds road
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway nb from exit m6e  southern state parkway to exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead...httpst.cothowwsbbnv
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway nb from exit m6e  southern state parkway to exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead...httpst.cop44yl6uezm
 i love her like    weed....
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway nb from exit m6e  southern state parkway to exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway nb from exit m6e  southern state parkway to exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike
 its a nice place but again smells like weed and way too many people in ya face  handing out cards 
 okay someone in my class smells like weed ..... this morning. i would look behind me but i know its him
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 this lady moved 10 seats up and made this like disgusted noise cause i smell like weed and now shre is just grilling me from the other side
 id love to go one day without smelling weed in my building
 where the kush smoke
 pretty sure i know i smell like weed
 would you rather lick a dogs asshole or kiss a girl who smokes cigarettes
 they are legit selling weed in the back of my classroom and im sittin here like 
 im listening to bookends with girl interrupted playing in the background while i smoke a cig outside my window. thats my mental stability
 my car is always trashed after i smoke in it smh
 the whole class room smells like fucking smokes
 i swear i feel like a nascar driver everything i drive down hempstead rd
 this dude in front of me smells like weed and the most disgusting cologne please kill me now
 if my house dont smell like weed by 1pm  i get worried something happened to my roommates
 this car smells like straight fucking weed 
 you know its lit when the library smells like weed
 im about to open my windows. lets hope there is no wildfire smoke today.
 my car still smells like cigarette smoke  it makes me want one... control  prayers  and no driving will settle this . quitsmoking
 this girl smell like mad weed and she in here for an interview wtf lol
 @senwarren @potus oh yes you will. i mean  you can always send protest  smoke signals. but you wont be spewing hate on the senate floor .
 when it smells loud on the corner where everyone smokes 
 omg it smells like weed in here and its too frickin crowded and close eww
 been making a lot of new music... and smoking a lot of good weed.. 
 i feel like if you smoke a cigarette after you smoke a blunt or a j. you just ruined your high
 cmon boys  smokes  lets go.
 only smoke good 
 every time i walk pass this boy he calls me smokey  like whyyy
 so the guy is here replacing my floor... should i smoke this blunt in my car orrrrr say fuck it and spark it 
 going for a run. smoke coming out of my ears. 
 my car smells like marijuana
 chief sosa how you do it like that do what smoke that dope like that  you a fool.
 its going to be weird when im 30 and i have to hit up a college kid for weed
 your mcm likes to smoke roachies
 glass rootz smoke shop got one of the new fresh fridges freshly stocked with all the flavors a 
 when you forget the weed in your pocket so the whole class smells like weed
 caller said smoke coming from vent near charbroiler smoke smells electrical in nature.
 music  weed  me.  valentinesdayin3words 
 @actionbronson was my artist of choice when it came to playing music during a smoke sessions alone or with company 
 thank god for weed. that shit is magical
 man fixing my window keep worrying bout the weed smell just fix the fuckin window bruh
 someone smells like smoke in here.. raises hand lollll
 ugh  i left my fucking weed at home 
 man im not tryna smoke no skimps lmao 
 smells like smoke in wakefield 
 i wonder how deeply the marijuana plant feels about us killing it to help us feel deeply
 ..my car still smell like weed from last night  i be scared as fuck coming down 16
 @joekaczmarek nice  i did something like that in a cemetery with cigarette smoke at night. pentax lx 50mm f1.2. lost neg  i like this image
 i hate a it smell like weed ass mf 
 thanks to felix my car smells like dank ass weed lol
 personally i like my broccoli steamed  idk why anyone would eat it smoked  but to each their own either way  it s 
 like how do i look teaching you the harmful effects of what tobacco could do to you then sit there amp smoke it. not too good...
 everything i own smells like weed
 never smoked before  whats that like
 how can your smoke with kids in the car
 do they make coleslaw oh of weed bc its like the devils cabbage jackson
 boy get smoked like reefer
 theyll charge extra if it smells like weedcigarette when u return it 
 who in denver tryna smoke something when i get off work
 my septum ring smells like weed. what even is today
 my windbreaker smells like weed. this random girl told me i smelled nice and laughed. i just realized its not my curlscoconut conditioner.
 if youre playing a sanremo2017 drinking game and you have to drink everytime you hear a raspy husky smokey voice  you are already drunk
 that weed looks like hay  some gelato would have that stuck 
 i swear all my clothes have a permanent smoke smell to them 
 save a cow smoke a zip 
 i like good conversation and good music while we smoke
 not joking the moment i stepped into my house i was hit with the smell of weed
 date today on the parkway with my man smokey @ blueridge parkway 
 feels like i need to smoke 100 blunts
 everytime i come home it smells like cigarette smoke. i legit hate this life.
 if anyone wants to smoke with me and emily hmu
 liberty north high school new football coach and teacher is making 108 000 this year lol holy smokes
 another good thing about smoking joints is when you overfilled one  leave extra weed in the bottom of the grinder
 wtffffff lmao i just got home and the door was unlocked  nobodys home and it smells like weed 
 i dont smoke weed. why do i have to smell yours when im driving with my windows up hotboxing
 how does my room smell like weed and all i did was open my bag .
 haters mad for whatever reason. smoke in the air ......binge smoking.
 she doesnt like to get into the weeds. 
 what is fresh air anymore house full of junk food  smoke  food and blasting music. brokenleg
 i got hella weed for us 
 hella weed and hennessy thats the remedy
 left the house with 40 amp no weed   came back with 40  weed  amp blotters lmfaooo  pulledasteelo
 if you smoke  dont throw your butts out the window. your habit isnt worth anyones house or life dontbeanidiot 
 i tried on a shirt today at the thrift store and it smelled like marijuana
 @raeveenbarrola i googled what does bammer weed look like and it was a picture of the same nug that was given to him.
 this fool knows my window is open and still smokes knowing it comes in my room. 
 i keep smelling weed wtf
 my great grandma was talking about making weed cookies and selling them to her old people friends
 it smells like weed and cat shit in here 
 i am a very upset @enterprise customer. ive been given a car that smells like smoke. ive also been lied to about insurance on the car.
 if my floor could not smell like weed for once that would be great 
 we got backwoods in stock  as fresh as you can get them  smoke shop open until 1000pm for all 
 i miss coming outside in my native california and automatically smelling weed. i like ma  but theyre so low key. its all fresh air amp shit.
 it never fails  my apartment building always smells like weed
 the weed hella loud like a teenage chick
 so me and cassidy were sitting on the couch and she goes im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli thats how you know she hangs around me to much
 if i smell like weed around ava shell give me the dirtiest look and be like you stink 
 it smells like good weed in my lyft lol
 kp wanna be my girlfriend so bad.   she went crazy over me. like smoke some weed nigga. relax. 
 @redeyetribe im looking for that van made of weed from cheech amp chong 2 roll up to a house. plus i wouldnt have a house leftblazed it all
 2017 the year 98 kids stop smokin weed erday....bet
 i know these are weeds. i do. so delicate so detailed. so i like them. @ fort necessity  louisiana 
 @fredekenter @escuchaaaa made w romanian hemp
 holy smokes 
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern...httpst.cofnzmbt4kyv
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern...httpst.cotokl890hrn
 my favorite weed movie is cheech amp chong shirley brown
 feels good to know everytime you smoke you eating good afterwards. 
 flicker of a flame  the dance of smoke
 smells like weed 
 holy smokes 
 i smell weed outside my window 
 can girls like stop trying to sell weed... please lol
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern state parkway
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern state parkway
 whos down to smoke hella blunts
 why does the dollar general smell like weed 
 our team is on fire 4 lab bench setups minus one  smoke  panic next door. 
 @presd22 purple fog sounds like a strand of weed.
 something smells like weed and its got me over here craving
 its nice to smoke in your room but i dont want to shit smell like hella pot lol
 its nice to smoke in your room but i rather smoke outside so my things wont smell like hella pot lol
 jasper and his weed  the100
 pigs told me i was influence and couldnt drive home   like nigga i smoke at my crib and the came to wendys cause i got the munches 
 when you smell weed coming from the air
 i cant go home and smoke and the go to wendys to satisfy my munches like cmon nigga your ruining my vibe
 i always think i can smoke amp then do my hw but i....cant y am i like this
 its always nice to figure out youve been burning a candle since christmas thats been leaving black smoke everywhere in your room 
 every time i walk my dog and some guys are stopping by to pick up weed next door they always got some shit to say like leave me alone
 this classroom smells like weed
 i think my house permanently smells like weed  like we got it in the vents or some shit lmao
 i smoked bong and thought it would be a good idea to eat 3 clementines and rub the peels all over my house so it smells good.
 a singer in a smokeyy room smell of wine and cheap perfume  saying anything to end the night 
 three am climbing up your window  ounce of that good smoke blowing smoke out  your window.... i think im ready to jump out the window
 i sound like a 60 year old smoker when i lose my voice
 it smells like hella weed outside of wingstop
 urban decay naked  smokey eye  ask me to do your make up  
 i said can you turn it down he said theres no music playing i said no that weed is loud 
 my clsss room smells like weed 
 my whole room smells like weed and my mom came in and said what perfume did you spray it smells good
 holy smokes 
 i hate smelling like weed. that shi stank
 whew @ belmont house of smoke 
 ferragamo smoke blowin out of the window
 @uber @lyft consider adding feature that allows riders to pick nonsmokers vs. smokers for drivers smell of cigarette lingering in car
 downtown la smells like a mix of urine and weed 
 @helloimastrid and just to see if she could figure it out i was like idk what is it and she goes it smells like weed  do you have weed
 my friends smoke so much no one ever believes i dont bc i always smell like a pound
 hear me out on this one....pumpkin seeds taste like weed smells
 me and my dad about to grow weed lol
 when the loud smell so good but you dont smoke 
 still straight with the weed and the liquor these days.
 relying on the windows 10 game dvr to record your gameplay is like relying on your smoke alarm to work when your house is on fire.
 may my troubles be like the smoke from a candle  drifting gently through the air and far away from me.  good night  
 wow music loves to smoke 
 i can smell weed in my apartment and i already know its my neighbors lmao
 @nytimesbusiness holy smokes conflict with nyt partnership this looks like an ad no mention of lawsuit over lying about their data 4 ipo.
 i smell like dennys  calvin klein euphoric collagen  and weed.
 i just smoked and took a walk when i got home. it feels so good out.
 my weed smells like calamansi
 golden girl kush @ natures best recreational marijuana glendale 
 my bed smells like marijuana 
 like this if you smoke...
 @prayingmedic @brooksrosa   same as  mindset as i did not inhale. looks like @brooksrosa either has a smoke n mirror kit ready 2 employ.
 smells like weed and perfume in my room rn suspicious
 my favorite visual of tonight @rocky7band windows bands drummers @ belmont house of smoke 
 smelt like weed and my nephew said smells like crescent city  bruh
 someone just 100 seriously told a guy that smells like straight cigarette smoke that he smelled good amp he goes thx its marlboro reds why
 it smells like pizza amp weed in here
 i go to open mics to smoke cigarettes with the occasional comedy break
 my house always smells like either dog or weed
 id put down the weed  amp keep him 420 bars insider 
 the caseys brand gummy worms taste like the scented aerosol sprays we use to cover up cigarette smoke in trade ins.
 idek this kid amp he goes i bet you like to smoke mad weed 
 i smoke like a chiminneyyyy
 just a poppin ass queen who listens to trap music and smoke weed 
 i have a shirt that always smells like marijuana like even when i wash it  and ive never smoked in it
 @sierraleonee beach  weed amp friends sounds good to me
 i only smoke weed because my mom doesnt like me to omgparentsaresolamesometimes
 its probably like a good 5050 weed smoke to pollution. breath deep. 
 holy smokes  no wonder planes were grounded at lax. the fog is so thick rn. it looks like something out of a hoot or movie. i would
 @allimichael smoke some kush
 yes i smoke hella weed so what
 you look like u smell like weed
 cos they smelled weed. bro these fools called for back up. like im really going to try something.
 bout to smoke a smackwood and shleep please god
 ayo  the spliff look like a shrimp when it it shit. smoke the shark  greg norman shit. me amp robert horry in a foreign whip @actionbronson
 i swear one of the neighbors is growing weed. my room always smells like it.
 i dont feel like rolling up ugh but i want smoke  feelinglazy
 @johnmprakash god is energy bro god is life god is food god is fuel god is mary god is marijuana god is love god is the universe god is us
 good weed. good people. good vibes. goodnight 
 i like coffee  i like skateboards  i like books  i like being in love  i like to dance  i like to smoke  i like art. i like me.
 thank god i smoked before leaving my house
 up way too early  doing inventory before we open today. this is way too early for a weed shop
 whole classroom smells like weed. man i wish i was as high as them right now daggum
 why do my sub smell like weed  
 dekaney dont smell like nun but weed 
 when you walk into school and smell weed...
 if you smoke squares or vape around me  imma punch your ass in the ear real smooth like.
  i could smoke sooo much pac but i choose not to
 i kinda like the smell of weed but that shit be bugging when you tryna learn 
 @realdonaldtrump   the donald again playing with smoke and mirrors let me lead everyone down the road of confusion
 1126 hempstead villa ln  houston  tx 77008  329 900 3 beds  3.5 baths 
 i enjoy long walks to wherever i can obtain marijuana.
 girl yo shit smell like all weed amp i hope you know that  i walked in here amp was like welp brenna must have opened  my bad  gap
 can i just observe how very much postpresidential life is agreeing with mr. obama like  holy smokes. just sayin.
 speaking of weed...i feel like i need to pass by my connect on my way back home when i leave da office at 1130
 @demigodmoreno naw i havent.. does the material feel like a blunt pretty down since its made  up of hemp.. 
 so @sayum3x and i were at dennys and smelled weed. our waiter came up and asked if we smelled it.
 @maddowblog @maddow @msnbc. holy smoke  donald right now telling the traveling public that the airlines are using bad equipment. 
 if you smoke like i smoke then you high like everyday
 i wish my mom smoked so i could light her up like mami you look stressed  just hit this
 @johntempletips thank you i need a good smoke and a jam session
 why the police always come to my room when my hall smell like weed  vstate20 vsu20 lemme find out
 you look like a smoke 
 my jacket smells like cigarettes... pero like i dont smoke
 teacher said i sound like a 60 year old smoker 
 my mom so anal about the smell of weed she come amp wash all my clothes..little does she know the smell comin from the loudpack n my shoe box
 mom comes in room  it smells like weed..    me acts like i didnt hear what she said
 days like this is when i wish i could smoke a blunt on a beach amp just enjoy the sound of waves amp feel the sun on my body.  oneday
 since i smoke that good pack i wont look back
 debating if i should go to the gym or smoke 
 once i walk in you can smell me  weed be louder than a band.
 it smells like weed in the 3000 building just lettin yall know lmao
 who in their right mind who smoke in a school bathroom
 congrats @planolockhart @dallaslockhart lockhart smokehouse to bring barbecue to texas live in arlington 
 student your hat smells like weed  my professor smells hat shit
 how do people like reds these smell like mold and taste like stale exhaust smoke
 i feel like everybody smokes weed now because its in...like do you even like to smoke or do you just like posting pictures of your blunts 
 @makaiwright thank god i thought it was marijuana or something like that...
 i want a white girl like this..now all white girls do is smoke weed and listen to trap music  
 just watched ny transit press conference. pretty sure the takeaway was stay at home  smoke mad blunts  put something better on tv  drew.
 @itspoochflair dude sounds like a lesbian who smokes too much 
 just realized that i probably always smell like weed
 like if you love weed 
 these artists im listening to make me want to thank god but also smoke my lungs out  whateva 
 my 10 year old brother walks in and goes oh your gonna smoke with pablo  thanks for inviting me wtfffff
 theres a girl thats shouting across the room about how she smoked weed in her high school bathroom goals
 tbh im not a fan of the smell of weed when im sober. i gets me sick to my stomach
 would you rather kiss someone that smokes cigarettes or lick a dogs ass
 evergreen smells like weed and perfume
 @jensenhaley grow weed that is
 @p0tprincess @humanerror i could see if she didnt smoke it  for nausea and things like that but i feel like inhalation isnt good
 smoke weed  its whatever. but do not come out in public smelling like it to the point where everyone wants to puke
 thats what happens when you smoke the good kush in your whip @kaelynbutler
 im eating for once but it tastes like weed and cardboard so maybe not
 i just pulled some weed out of my belly button wtf why am i like this
 some girls be so stupid to smoke cigarettes  weed ect just because the guy they like does it
 walk into my laundry room.. mom why does it smell like weed
 omg im in the girls restroom and it smells like straight up weed im o
 who in the right mind smokes a cig before walking into the gym........
 liquor weed amp fucking often
 good food amp good weed all a nigga need
 good smoke good drank and a good vibe and im chillin
 my dog farted amp it smells like weed
 also why does my voice always sound like ive been a heavy smoker for the better part of my life
 lmao they hiding weed in everything 
 all a man needs is good weed and a nice booty realtalk lurking
 @notrockb funniest moment was someone said the word edible and nore was like oh you mean it had weed in it
 yea or like lotus back in the day it smell like stds n weed 
 bliss smell like moldy dread  weed  and stds
 i smell so much weed. i am outside. i love la. feels good to be free.
 to my future kids if i find weed in your room  im smoking it.
 feel bad for the ppl that cant smoke in their own rooms or crib today.
 i swear to god... youll smoke with someone in your car and they will try their hardest to make you hot box. like u could get the fuck out
 i just found out the hot ass guy that hits on me at work smokes weed so can we like hook up now
 those die hard smokers who smoke cigs in their car with the windows up
 dont smoke cigarettes near me
 not sure why this man at my job trying to gwhm on me like i want him...he got hella kids and smoke cigs boy bye
 @lxlouie i can see the smoke from my window 
 every time im on the tu shuttle somebody who smells potently of weed sits near me. am i cursed
 @shaibuttaa thats all i like to do is eat amp smoke  the beginning of my spring break its like 313.
 hearts on fire like the cigarettes you smoke when you drink
 hiking and some weed lemonade help with that pregnancy  muah thank you god for all the answers no need to be thi 
 this gif looks just like where i grew up. high desert eastern or. endless tumble weeds blowing everywhere. 
 imma nap for abt a hour   eat   study   take my exam   hit up the gym   homework   then smoke . lol it sound like im busy asl 
 playing with my time is like playing wit my emotions  smokey  mythoughts exactly lol 
 its not perfect but there is something i like about that picture. the clouds  the smoke there 
 all i smoke is killa  your girl look like thriller
 i like this a lot look at em bonding im trynna smoke with my pops 
 the 2nd medical marijuana dispensary in jacksonville will soon be open. trulieve will open a store at 6259 beach 
 so we opened the windows and started fanning the smoke alarm to shut it off.. amp mr. d comes running down the stairs
 smells like straight up ganja in the mihaylo building 420
 jacket smell like smoke  they irritating
 the art building smells like weed
 what u smoke out of shouldnt be trendy  its about preference...  its coo tho  get that good good
 gives  to homeless dude w dog do you have weed also no sorry whats your dogs name  gatorade  in my head..hope hes not thirsty 
 this train reeks of either one dead skunk or really bad weed ....
 idgaf what the weed kalled let me smell it
 uber eats but no uber weed lmaoooooooooooo wtf  lmaoooooooooooooooo
 @maggiejordanacn waiting to see smoke coming out of white house.
 were sitting there talking and chilling   then shes like oh do you wanna smoke im like shit were at a interview on break   should i 
 i hate how im so sick i lose my voice and its to the point where i sound like a smoker 
 i love the smell of weed
 @rachelinem holy smokes.
 granny bee said she stopped smoking weed cause the kids does blow she high 
 the cash me ousside girl is blak youngsta stuck in a little girls body she prolly smoke blacks with the plastic flute
 god and weed 
 work conversation  guy i knew you smoked cigarettes  me why because of my tattoos  guy  your voice 
 i want to grow my own weed 
 does anyone else think that naming your company the joint sound more like a cannabis company 
 sounds like she already smoked it with those weird questions 
 im working w neighbors amp the hempstead co. ext agent on something similar  @cdicentral @uaexedu. look t
 holy smokes. 
 i sound like an 80 year old smoker rn 
 bryce thinks its a good idea to talk about us smoking weed as loud as he can in our apartment when our neighbors already hate us 
 i dont want to be that fan  but cbj looks like a team thatll get smoked in the first round.  
 trying to smoke but not inhale it feels like im 17 again
 my mom asked if i do drugs. i dont im healthy i smoke my broccoli... well sometimes.
 @korywinter the weed store does
 bout to smoke  since i wont be working  my neighbors finally moved thank god 
 just washed a whole load of my work clothes with a whole bag of weed i left in my pocket...
 i have work rn and my jacket smells like hella weed. thanks roommate
 im convinced every parent smokes weed and they were just good at hiding it when we were kids.
 holy smokes. 
 i hear you smell like weed entirely too much 
 this weed so good i can taste it amp i didnt even light the joint yet
 dear neighbor  your delicious cigarette smoke is filling my bathroom with an aroma i can only imagine you love. stop.
 im a healthy kid. i smoke broccoli. 
 i told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 im doing my makeup and all i can smell is my weed 
 my mom got in my car this morning and said jasmin your car smells like weed really bad  get the weed out .  but there was none in there 
 9. weed or liquor
 look fella  trees yellin just by the smell you can tell us. chronic i smoke hella my pockets want mazerella
 my sister is such a pothead she made something to blow the smoke into that makes it smell nice lmao
 not only do they look good they smoke amazing  
 guys i came home and theres smoke everwhere cause alex left the frijoles on high and they burnt. its smells so bad i cant even rn 
 why can t everyone just smoke like me just gimme a quiet place and lemme roll my weed.
 my weed smells like sugar and high fructose corn syrup
 omg the store smells like weed and lynn fr said is someone smoking in the store im gonna call the cops 
 she just want to ride with me and smoke up all my weed so our road that moon rock up and she went straight to sleep
 you know that nigga smell thats like smoke and cologne 
 are you sick do you have a cold does she smoke 
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 the smoke from the lyrical blunt makes me cough 
 hate working hip hop shows bc i always go home smelling like weed 
 i need girlfriends who live near me and smoke and who like to get drunk off beer amp wine
 why does duncan dunn always smell like weed
 do i smell smoke 
 everything i eat after an edible tastes like weed
 i was in the car w my dad amp my sister amp some guy walks to the window amp was like do you have a couple of dollars...how about some weed 
 like there is a reason that i choose not to smoke cigarettes.
 this money  girl imma throw it. in my private room. the blunt rolled up we gone smoke it. in my private room.
 the elevator always smells like weed @ peachtree ridge high school 
 i like smoking weed i like getting fly 
 i would fucking be in a weed comma yo  
 im sneezing like a maniac. coughing like i am a hardcore smoker. and my throat hurts. should i risk getting my kids sick today
 my lord  this lady smells like she just came from a greenhouse for the strongest cannabis in the world stank contact
 i wanna smoke some that purple shit like it was real purple like grapes. 
 how much smoking has to be done in ones car or house to make receipts smell like they were bathed in cigarette smoke
 my car smells like weed amp blak ice 
 my econ professor is allergic to weed. what. a. tragedy.
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 my jacket smells like straight weed 
 @adamjosephsport a crazy weed stat... but i like it
 i like boys who smell like weed 
 your trashy if you smoke cigarettes with the windows up
 i dont smoke in the house why do u have a fully loaded bong in your room
 @mariabartiromo @girlscouts @foxbusiness @morningsmaria are we talking about a great strain of marijuana or some shitty cookies
 ill be doing so good at eating healthy then i smoke a blunt and smash everything in the fridge
 sitting in this waiting room  and someone came in that smokes  i am seriously about to puke. nasty
 sitting in this waiting room  and someone came in that smokes  i am seriously about to puke. nasty
 smells like burnt popcorn girl walking behind me it smells like weed    
 @cherylshuman hey cheryl what does your perfect cannabis event look like
 holy smokes 
 montrose smells like reggie weed im gonna throw up
 some one at the dmv got that loud   i was like damn.. how dufuq i still smell like i weed when i parked a block away. amp aired myself out
 @speedweed what does your perfect cannabis party look like
 someone smoking fruity pebble weed
 pothead  someone who likes to smoke weed and does it often. weekly.
 good sex  good weed  good life  i provideee
 classmate you smell like weed me 
 trinityturnerlive performing live at glamour girls february 23rd25th... 14428 hempstead 
 this makes me so mad. stop wasting the weed. 
 i hate when mfers be in my face talking and they shit be smelling like weed and ass like g back up fr
 @bridgebaymarina hes growing like a weed. its crazy to look back on all the photos we have of him and see how much hes grown.
 smoking weed make my tummy hurt
 lost a whole 8th dawg like how i aint even smoke out dat jawn or nothing  and da bud was good asfffff 
 holy smoke  i see my truck  
 wish i was driving to kc so i could blast music and smoke the entire way but alas. the beast is old and she will not make it.
 people were smoking in the bathroom at work like wtf lol its nice outside but you smoke in the bathroom 
 my co worker brought me weed from the dispensary amp starbucks to make me feel better shes an angel 
 report he told the kid he showed the pics to girls. he offered to pay the kid in weed and told him the less 
 the fact that i just be smelling weed out of no where is crazy
 watching the guy in the convertible in front of me power smoke 3 straight cigarettes so far
 i can not stand the smell of cigarette smoke.
 everyone just walks into your apartment and smokes... literally 
 i said my weed and music is all i need. fuck your judgements ive always known im different and learned to live with it.
 is there a smoking convention happening in front of game day rn all the smoke looks like a frickin volcanic eruption 
 sun out means smoke out  
 @yungsnickers make your own channel lmao. all he does is smoke hella weed on youtube. 
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  im smoke brocoliiiii 
 told the doctor  im a healthy kid  i smoke brocoliiiii 
 my car smells like weed 
 this train car smells like the freshest weed and great laundry detergent... not complaining thooooo
 @johnmgennaro holy smokes that is the gunman himself ahahahaha 
 like someone that actually like doing something not someone who always goes to parties amp just smoke
 food  shopping  amusement park  arcade  movie  beach  more food  weed  good ass music  d.a.  good as sleep 
 my mom was watching beyond scared straight and said look bad kids like you that smoke everyday...im not even bad
 ima grow a weed plant
 told da doctor ima healthy kid i smoke  broccoli
 youont smoke  doe
 looks like weed flowers 
 who is smoking weed in the girls locker room
 so of course im call an uber pool for my first day of work and i get in and the other person got the car smelling like straight weed. 
 enjoy your vape enjoy your smoke ooooooooooos for days. enjoy thevideo vapenation 
 i be having hella weed lol
 i like smart boys who smoke and are down for whatever
 psa you dont have to tell me i smell like weed every time you see me  i smoke gas obviously ima smell 
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 good sex  good weed good life
 holy smokes....@blueoakbbq is legit 
 when your neighbor got his own marijuana business gtgtgtgt
 all people do on snapchat is smoke and record themselves lip syncing in the car.. swear yall no different from eachother.
 this is a huge deal.  its the reason for all of the smokescreen hes been spewing. 
 question why do americans smoke these extra long cigarettes
 i smell like madd weed but i have none on me or smoked
 tight like hallways  smoked out always
 i love dogs amp weed 
 smell this weed its reggie and it smells like salt and pepper 
 the dog food factory smelling extra delicious tonight or it could just be that joint i just smoked.. either way im now im hungry
 rolling a blunt in the living room while i hear noahs roommate on the phone in his room talking about how weed ruins lives lol
 she pulled up to my house like she wanted to smoke then left like  
 why does my soup taste like burnt weed
 my mom just said indica is like in da couch talking about weed im done
 it already smells like weed and the show hasnt even started yet. woodstock
 the hallway smells like weed 
 3 things i love the most. god  my mom  and weed  they will always be there with you through thick and thin. 420 
 so remember how i was stressed about smelling like weed why my manager the one who smells like it. 
 oh 2 old men chatting at dolores i ate some weed. i want to be there when the rasta goddess calls me. do you like dogs i hate dogs.
 so much kush smoke in the air you cant help but smell the odor 
 i didnt smoke before work and now my fucking back hurts so bad.
 you reek of cannabis
 breaking pilots of delta flight smelled smoke in the cockpit shortly after takeoff amp decided to return to logan. n 
 im the car in the weeds  if you cut me ill bleed  youre the same kind of bad as me.
 bryce hempel hits a jumper
 @uber why do you allow drivers to smoke in the car no problem deleting your cancer app. deleteuber
 my car now smells like weed great.
 wine weed and despreasing music. whos in 
 the whole room was filled with smoke. i couldnt even see my wife on the other side of the bed.  @3onyourside
 good sex  good weed  good life i provide
 my dorm neighbors got caught with weed and im just in my room like 
 pokemon stuff back in the store  smoke shop open until 1100pm for all your smoking needs 
 anyone want to buy an urban decay naked smokey or modern renaissance palette
 launching tomorrow  12amog  our own strain of medicinal marijuana. one of the best testing strains in nv. avail at 
 just overheard my mom downstairs saying somethin about ella fuma marihuana and i was like 
 shout out to my last smoker.  wouldnt trade my brothers for anything. lets make it a good one eta tau
 you smell like weed. youre under arrest 
 i want to smoke but i dont feel like leaving
 badwaystoshowyourlove weeds that look like flowers that cause sneezing amp an itchy rash
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 thank god for weed
 air is full of smoke. oh my god. 
 when youre staying w your fianc aunt bc nannying her son and your room smells like weed.... yikes
 yikes the bus smells like weed
 im a healthy kid. i smoke broccoli
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 homie at the bodega told me only white people smoke king size raws.... fuckisutalkingbout 
 walking out of the williamson field house smelling like a 42 year old whos smoked 3 packs of cigsgtgtgt
 i was walking down the hall and it smelled like weed so badly and then i realized it was my neighbor across the hall  yikes.
 told the dr im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 the bathroom in this bar smells like a combo of cigarette smoke and kitty litter dont ask me how i can pinpoint that smell 
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 @tones68 as always  thank you for your rt and likes for my donationss 4 my cat smokey your too kind.... 
 @boltprospects what did cooper smoke before the game. whatever it is we need to assure his dealer stays in business.
 so to corbins homie zion on a good game tonight  time for to smoke a far blunt  jk
 that awkward moment when you smoke a blunt with an ex and realize it halfway thru the blunt.
 holy smokes babe you sound amazing  
 @giiiian 1. i actually dont smoke cigarettes never have 2. i was saying the taste of colt 45 makes me feel like i wanna smoke them lol
 my uncle is a little kid he came into my room happy asf about his weed talking about let go for a walk
 my dad and i were walking out of walmart and we deadass both looked at each other cs it smelled like weed 
 too much coke  too much smoke. wooooo that smell. cant you smell that smell. the smell thats around you. 
 @stefapie how the hell did you manage to go cold turkey whole uncovering this i dont know smoke and i felt like i needed one after reading
 good weed 
 good weed
 hes a healthy kid  he smoked broccoli 
 when you been gone from your room for 8 hours and it still smells like weed when you come back 
 the people bellow us are blaring music sounds like sex music and smoking weed. 
 whatever strains of weed get u in ya feelings are straight from satans garden. never ever should a nigga smoke a blunt and text his ex 
 when your weed upstairs but you left the blunt downstairs ugh 
 @kendrawilkinson whatever u do dont drink diet coke like booze amp chain smoke cigarettes that is a dangerous mix
 this like 70 why i smoke other 30 literally because i just love weed always have 
 when the plug skirts you... like thanks i needed my daily dosage of ganja
 i walked my happy ass outside to smoke a blunt in my car when theres like 5 cops at our neighbors house
 god damn @iamjojo sang the shit out of smokey robinsons whos loving you whew  shit.
 no such weed exists at this time  sadly 
 that time she claimed to smoke kush all the time and we smoke then she falls down the stairs.
 i love coming home to the smell of weed and a party next door.
 my uber driver smells like weed but at least its a ride.. 
 the im low key on food stamps  my dad left us and me and my mom smokes cigs together in the house look 
 drink and smoke if i feel like
 yeah. thanks for listening to our music though . i dont smoke or anything like that so like no. go draw or s 
 someone smoked in the hotel and now it smells like weed and cigarettes everywhere 
 ab389 new marijuana consumer guide. 
 welp guys our neighbors smoke a lot of weed that outta be great huh 
 got damn i dont know who deserves a fate like that  they lit that muthafucka up like weed at cheech amp chongs p 
 i actually feel like i want to smoke some more weed the beast himself @mr.ortolano
 cigarettes make me feel so good when i only smoke like 1 or 2 a day
 weed on your tounge smoker  @ kcmo 
 i would of smoked myself restarted with that shit 
 when your ex boyfriends crackwhore feels the need to message you on insatgram. go smoke your crack babygirl. 
 but while im up  can we talk about people in public places either mentioning or bitching about you smelling like weed
 sitting in the drivethru at steaknshake right now and the smell of weed pouring out of the car in front of me is really impressive
 @ellegross it smelled like weed
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 they really hot boxed and now i smell like fucking weed
 jacob evans  live at blow in smoke  great gig 
 and um also  silver from this mine that 2pac lived  as he said smoke my ashes  tupac was modern day jesus.
 some how i like to smoke cigarettes now...
 if francis mallman made an amaro this is what it would taste like. primordial smoke and savory 
 we smoke spliffs w some 96 cris
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 woke up to the sounds of sex  and the smell of weed. rowdyneighbors
 i smoked up my uber driver 
 i got a question for weed smoking twitter... when did you stop hiding it from your parents like you didnt care if they knew
 my sister found a fucking nug of weed in her car from my moms boyfriend amp the bitch fucking threw it out the window... fam what
 @breakonebarrier whats the smoke look like
 boooy im finna smoke so much reefa 
 i lost my voice and now i sound like a 40 year old smoker
 if her house doesnt smell like weed at 940 and breakfast at 10  dont wife her.
 i got good weed good liquor put dat good d in her liver
 look like barbie  smoke like marley
 incidentally  if you like to vape  do yourself a favor and visit andy and chris at carbon smoke 
 i smell like weed
 people that smoke cigs in the car with kids upset me
 everywhere i go im screaming smoketown  tx..
 i want to go hiking and listen to good music with some cool people and smoke some good weed
 but why he had to smoke him like that  
 why my oatmeal taste like weed
 i cant wait for summer nothing but good vibes  good music  good weed and cold beer
 why do some smokers think its ok to throw their disgusting cigarettes out their window  fn infuriating  its trash ok thank you
 if youve ever referred to selling weed as trapping you 100 never been near a trap house
 cant wait for the @killermike and @therealelp sightings around denver. i hear they like weed. we have lots of weed stores
 like if you love weed 
 im her senpai  smoking hella weed watching hentai  
 strawberry cough ..hmm lets see what it smoke like 
 theres hella weed in my car and i dont even smoke 
 time to smoke hella kush and hop in the shower
 smoking weed amp making music with hk amp steez
 if the waffle house cook not taking a smoke break every 15 minutes and doesnt sound like heshe coughing up a lung while cooking its trash
 smell like marijuana mama say i got no manners
 reeks of weed in the gyro shop
 money  new car  marijuana  underboob sweat  steaks on an open grill  ferragamo colonge  new clothes smell  and gun 
 when you smell like weed in public. 
 fina smoke and chill out
 neighbors knockin on da door  askin can we turn it down. i said aint no music on  she said naw dat weed is loud
 i have some inconsiderate ass neighbors. i have kids and all day and night i smell fucking weed
 great times at lmsamw17 dont miss out on lmsanc17 this april in hempstead  ny @ university 
 my room smells like straight weed and my moms on the way home 
 @wearwolfking made me an old fashioned at tosca and holy smokes my friends are good at what they do.
 how do i get one of these paid protest gigs i like protesting and travel. is there a classified or are we picked up at the weed clinic
 the moment i said i was pregnant on snap everybody was like thats explains why you dont smoke anymore 
 how my mom still get tight when she smell weed on me 
 kush army knife is the smokers all in one utility tool. on sale at cirrus smoke shop and online 
 today ive made strawberry jam and started weed wacking the dog paddock. its just past noon.  thats what happens when the tv breaks.
 why im always with some dreadheads she like niggas that smoke  my backwoods look like peg legs.
 my building is no smoking. walk in the door and get blasted by the smell of reefer. who is gunna invite me over
 my purse smell like weed
 why tf jimmy jazz always smell like weed 
 the whole 23rd floor smells like weed
 i said thanks to my weed dude earlier and when he dropped it off he gave me 4 grams extra wow being polite rules
 thanks trina b. amp keri t.   smells like weed  tastes not like weed  but good... smts  photo
 whoever smokes in their room on floor 7 tower 2 of taylor place  we got searched because of you... if i find out whos fucking up
 smoking weed while looking at a swamp and smelling eggs
 @cannabiswest  278.72 for 8g cannabis maximus live resin  denver  cannasaver  liveresindeals cannabismaximus
 costumer must have been smoking all the weed. fuck that was a strong smell.
 cigarette smoke smells horrible .
 im a healthy kid   i smoke broccoli
 i fr just apologized to someone bc i smell like weed  i never do that
 knowing me is like trying to grow a plant. first its like oh man idk if it will grow and then it grows so much and oh my god its a weed
 such a good feelin knowing you still have hella weed to smoke
 when your room smells like weed and you didnt even smoke collegecraig
 what taste better than pussy and ganja 
 holy smokes. hes literally writing his tastings notes as he tastes his espresso on stage. baller move
 i swear to god there is no smoking at all what so ever in my house or in my car if i catch you tryna smoke ... omm im fucking you up.
 its more than the liquor and weed yea its more than the liquor in me
 i cant be with someone who smokes cigarettes like its air 
 alex needs to come home so i can smoke and see 50 shades darker
 alex needs to come home so i can smoke and see 50 shades darker 
 if you smoke cigarettes  amp black amp milds your breath smells like str8 ass
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 im at jet wash in hempstead  ny 
 holy cannoli  this were fucking delicious.  it wasnt even the weed this fast so ducking good. 
 i just wanted to smoke at the park why do kids still come here
 just walked in my 16 year old brothers room and there was clouds of smoke like oh i see u bro  you even vape
 waking up from a nap smelling like smoke  beer  and mimosa
 puffs the weed  grabs the remote and starts performing in my room
 its so effing rude when people smoke in a nonsmoking hotel. theres a good chance that there are kids sharing the floor with u ass
 @katiesligarr brother  you go to the weed field  pick the weed and smoke it 
 me   leo   hotel room   coronasampamp weed ...oh yeaaah
 i love the smell of bomb weed 
 pittsburgh can buy six packspacks of cigarettes in bars  can smoke inside boston no happy hour  liquor store open like six hours per week
 i feel like i need to go smoke some crack after being in this room
 came outside to get some fresh air amp all i smell is weed 
 cigarette smoke everywhere
 smells like straight weed at canes rn.
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke brooooccoliii 
 my voice is really messed up. i woke up sounding like a smoker
 my manager let me smoke in her car
 dad says i smell like weed
 i turned on the ac in the rental car full blast and it smells like straight weed 
 college smells like weed amp failure
 im smelling smoke  golden state v. okc  dubs by 23 at the half
 so im thinking like fuck it  let me ask ole boy... why he gone say 5 for 1 like naaaaaaaah  i wont smoke then im good
 should marijuana be legalized everywhere  just wondering
 the smell of weed is always amazing
 my roommate have plans to buy an entire costco pizza and drive somewhere with a pretty view and eat it and smoke weed on valentines day
 omg my mom smelled the weed in my car and acts like i killed somebody 
 my weed make you dance with the stars  supersize my pockets im living large
 im convinced that the natural smell of talkington is weed
 walks on to a subway car that smells like pot conductor just a reminder that it is illegal to smoke on the train.
 if youd like to donate some marijuanas to me plz feel free to do so
 i do the most to not smell like weed
 my voice sounds like a 50 year old smoker from new jersey. 
 windows open for the damn smoke
 got the garage smelling like weed again dawg
 does your poop always smell like weed  only when i smoke and poop. 
 i smell marijuana its skunk
 decide to hop on the wagon and try this place out holy smokes 
 thank god my building smells like tacos instead of ganja for once. seasonedbeef bless
 all he do is smoke weed. sick of it.
 my point exactly.  weed is an industry just like any other.  more business is good  but its not the iphone for god 
 all i smell in my car rn is weed i am so confused
 dont come up to me and tell me i smell like weed of course i do its intentional i smoke weed get over it
 i like fishin like i like pullin weeds 
 is it just me or do hawaiian shirt brands sound like marijuana strains 
 uber driver said the weed i was smoking smell good.. my apologies 
 still dont smoke but i smell like my friends
 so wiz khalifa and amber rose are back together now lol when they opened the car door the smell of weed was so strong 
 someones smoking that skunk outside my window i feel like washington has better weed to offer ..i dont know for sure but this stuff stank
 my room still has that slight weed smell
 we can smoke minus the freaky  @mahoganykush @longlegs1016
 because of my neighbors  my room smells like straight reefer. cool.
 holy smokes. 
 dont know if its the weed talking  but this whole ppv ufc208  card seems really commercialized
 it smells like weed and drugs
 he girls standing next to me at the movie theater smell like weed
 it smells like straight up weed in the hallway of this hotel
 rules for lesbian boarding school dramas 1 everyone smokes 2 young teacher passionately teaching romantic poetry 3 quiet narrators
 hes talking about smoking weed. i like this man
 niggaz dont do nothing but be faithful to their mycareer player and smoke broccoli
 holy smoke 
 i do not know what i did to deserve such an amazing boyfriend like noah. holy smokes
 boutta smoke the strawberry shortcake to the neck 
 like its not about weed i do it to relieve stress and feel better but lately like its not even helping
 my crib look like a trap man all this weed.
 the only down side to smoking weed is you wake up smelling musty
 you look like the bad kid in a high school movie who smoke cigarettes under the bleachers @shaydozer commenting o 
 then he hit me with well your car smells like weed i said ion smoke neither 
 like a fucking ocean of weed
 todays concerts are all smoke and mirrors. makes a great show  but nothing beats a group of guys playing the shit out of a song.
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 well  looks like i have a new favorite show. holy smokes. @legionfx
 i literally just smelled some weed that was musky like no...
 the bathroom smells like mf weed
 i smell like fucking smoke but hey at lease i won 300
 where does one get weed lube
 @kaitgurule literally lol because my voice sounds like ive smoked 7 packs a day my entire life
 life hack smell peppermint essential oil before you do a dab and the smoke will taste flavored.
 is it weird that i dont smoke but whenever my roommates smoke i like how the apartment smells like weed lol
 i hate when i smoke stuff because thats literally all i smell for 3 days straight
 always a great smoke expertly made hookahs by netunoohookah  we have them here for you to enjoy 
 looks like hes trying to start a weed whacked ps don  that doesnt intimidate or make you seem in charge  it just 
 holy smokes  
 @thisisjorge i saw this on cheech and chong up in smoke
 my grandpa dont smoke but it sounds just like him 
 i like reeeeeally neeed to know what smoked salmon on a bagel tastes like
 i like that my parents smoke weed bc they stay in the room and not bother me
 i smoke mary jane  make my eyes look like jackie chan
  niggas hop out here getting hurt by a girl that like to smoke and this what we wind up wit 
 i smoked a blunt w oomf boyfriend and he was with another chick  if my boyfriend did some shit like that  olvdate.
 in ny  you can have your weed delivered to your door... why cant we have that here 
 actually a tad bit upset with myself for not listening to ganja white night before now
 car gone  crib trashed  henn everywhere  weed everywhere  no food 
 holy smokes thank you @krausedustin1 i had never heard this song before. @robsonic this verse is sick. 
 i wanna call katie and tell her to go get coffee with me and smoke but it hasnt even been like 8 hours since she left my house lol
 i wanna smoke but i dont feel like copping
 i trip  this weed taste like saimin hahah
 just like a farmer weeds out grass from crops  we must do the same to bad friends  unhealthy behavior to gain success
 i am ready to wake up to the sound of boats on the water  smelling like smoke from a memory filled bonfire night.
 the 2nd floor smells like bad cooking and old lady perfume...id rather have it smells of weed 
 driving by the cato institute... its an ugly building  but not actually emitting visible oily smoke or sickly green light. weird.
 why does it smell like someone just got finished smoking weed....
 omg dude i burped and smoke came out
 i smell like weed no one at church hug me
 that moment when you were scared to carry your bag in church cause it smelled like weed 
 people who smell like weed in the morning need a spanking.
 who the fuck came into my room last night and stole my weed
 only thing i do when its moments like this is smoke and turn on j. cole
 can you be allergic to weed
 holy smokes 
 @katielu72 i was walking home from work the other night amp one part of chicago smelled like weed amp the other half smelled like fried chicken
 all my jackets smell like weed 
 if it smells like weed. excuse me
 was about to smoke a cigarette in my room but now my entire apartment smells like gas  related to the 5 fire trucks outside
 i opened my purse at church and forgot it smell like the whole weed house 
 thats the second person that checked in to the gym while smelling like weed lmao
 me n slim sittin here smokin weed while watching a preaching sermon god knows our heart
 im at town of hempstead in ny 
 new paltz where everywhere you go smells like weed
 holy smokes what a fucking match 
 i feel bad for you kids who smoke weed everyday
 float like a bumblebee  smoke like a chimney
 my mom rushing me to get in her car im trying to air off this weed smell 
 @beardedmetalguy better then those ny smoker hot line ads
 thank god for weed
 good food. good smoke. good conversation. its a good day
 i burnt my potatoes and filled the whole first floor with smoke. sorry buttheyweregood
 smells like bomb ass weed in my work bathroom rn. like someone just got back from smoking a fatty on break
 good weed  liquor  and @chancetherapper @ the grammys tonight 
 why it smell like straight up weed in this bathroom
 my mom went to menards to get tile. she came back and she asked me to smell them and they smell like straight weed. i thought of you
 took carter out for a walk and it smells like dryer sheets and weed out side 
 i should have brought some weed in order to deal with my moms bullshit.
 dont smoke the night before the gym 
 @kassymarie6 dude yes the owner was like give me the fucking weedhe like basically kicked out everyone in the back room.i was like chill
 yo why does everyone think imy car smell like weed
 anyone tryna smoke a blunttt
 my mom asked to use my car and it smell like straight weed 
 rain and sleet wont keep me from enjoying a ny manhole spewing nice white smoke. street nyfw 
 my dance is your weed  and your weed is my dance. js
 @extraface when i smoke crack  i feel good  when i slam my nuts in a car door  i feel bad. thats my religion. a 
 i look like a 5yr old who smokes weed... 
 bitches that smoke cigarettes be down to fuck. always
 i swear bastrop just smells like weed 247
 my pool house is the smoke spot this summer and the hot tub is crack spot u feel me
 my mom amp dad took my car amp it hella fucking smells like weed 
 bet i got some weed like school boy q
 whaaat this music station on tv is playing marijuana by cudi
 not sure which type of smoke smelling wberri we all know the ending either way.. 
 holy smokes  @adele grammys redcarpet bestdressed whoisshewearing
 holy smokes 
 the gym locker room is a weird place to smoke pot  even for new york city  even for brooklyn.
 when your room danks of weed
 holy smokes... just realized im married to an immigrant.
 why the hell do i smell weed at a kids park 
 lol its crazy this weed really smell like cherry
 good food good weed im happy 
 holy smokes man.
 @jxmmi smoke to this   
 smoking weed is so natural to me i feel like im supposed to do it
 im getting my hair done  the girl told me she needed a break and went to go take some tylenol home girl smells like straight up marijuana
 watching grease with my daughter and she asks me.. so kids used to smoke in the gym
 omggg golden goddess  demilovato is a smoke show at the grammys 
 @saraunderwood looks like there is smoke coming out of ur arse  ur hot lol
 adele smoked the open so far so good grammys
 having one kid is exhausting. how do people do more than one holy smokes.
 i like my music  jack daniels and marijuana loud. turn it up
 we smoke up like eryday
 paris jackson definitely smoked some great weed before coming out grammys
 chance must have smoked that cigarette finally. grammys
 i hate when i dont wrap my weed tight enough and the whole house smells like a plantation.
 wine  weed  food  and the return of twd got me like 
 i was going to turn on the grammys now that im home but this game right now holy smokes
 hate that my mom smokes and my stuff always smells like cigarettes 
 imagine what nail polish remover and marijuana smell like combined.. bc thats what the 3rd floor in wallwork smells like rn doublehigh
 bouta wife my weed guy up because these purps are unreal......
 my burp smells like weed lmfaoo wtf
 holy smokes its a drumset
 a kickback with beers and a smoke circle with good people sounds perfect
 shit was funny whoever go to that bathroom bout to smell the funk  weed 
 me and my grandma are playing cards and she gave me a good card and told me to shove it up my nose and smoke it 
 please  i am too old. i need weed for this. grammys
 cmon habs channel your inner beyonce   and why is smoke coming out of my phone 
 when i hear their happiness is all smoke and mirrors  it makes me feel bad.
 dont do weed kids 
 i was saying he look like a smoker 
 i can smoke more blunts than your boyfriend
 holy smokes...that dress @marenmorris grammys
 i think its funny how katie thinks shes allergic to marijuana 
 dont feel like going to the store but im tryna smoke lol
 gray clark jr  best performance of the night. hands down. no frills  no smoke  just 2 men  2 mics  a guitar and the blues 2017grammys
 waiting on a to go order at cheesecake factory and i smell someone smoking weed
 @thebpdshow christ he looks like shit for 43. booze  smokes  and too much sun.
 i still have weed so whatever.
 feel like cruella de vil when i smoke extendos lol
 holy smoke girl my girl @marenmorris is killing it mywholebodyiscoveredwithgoosebumps
 is this fucking idiot ever out of the weeds 
 lol this weed smell like edibles
 keep smelling weed in my room  but dont even know where its coming from 
 every single day  my entire apartment complex reeks of weed. and i just wanna know who it is bc we think its our old lady neighbor.
 folding @danielleeewhat laundry...i think she likes the reefer. @ seattle  washington 
 why does my room smell like weed
 my jacket from last night still smells like weed
 its bullshit they are trying to weed out rock music idiots. grammys  
 i smoke weed in ferragamo thats why i am so stuck up
 it smells like weed outside my house 
 wtf you gone do go smoke it in the bathroom  
 i often forget that people my age actually smoke on purpose until i walk past some students smoking in a zone near a school building
 wait   why do i smell weed in my room 
 its aint like midnight and cigarette smoke
 if you smoke blacks or cigarettes.. stay from by me
 why does it smell like weed in my room 
 boutta shampoo my carpet... my whole room be smelling like smoke
 its smells like hella weed in san francisco
 @iilcanon my whole building smells like weed
 i bet my soul smells like weed
 ty must be home it smell like weed up here
 my sister came home reeking of weed and either i havent smelled bud in forever or shes smoking some funny money type shit 
 when u smoke yourself straight after this 
 pornstar @teannatrump is so bad ass she taught snoop dogg how to smoke and taught kevin hart how to tell a joke 
 i havent smoked a cigarette in like 18 hours because my car broke down and i dont want to walk. so this is what withdrawals feels like.
 i feel like weed gives you a idgaf type attitude
 they sure do sound like smokers 
 maybe these artist should take notes from @adele or do a song with her ... it aint always bout the money cars clothes hoes amp weed grammys
 to whoever is smoking weed on my hall  we can smell it through the vents just fyi
 my room is littttt.. who wants to smoke with me 
 my room is trippy.. great place to smoke though 
 i can now say ive been kicked out of disneyland for smelling like weed.
 my bed smells like marijuana due to this marijuana cream my mom is putting on my back so it could heal
 whats so bad about smoking weed for real i like sleeping good and then
 my house and room smell like cigarettes and weed. i love my roommates 
 this is the smokers lounge. daycares on the first floor.
 smells like flowers and weed in the elevator .... i want flowers 
 i was really butt hurt because when i came home the other night my mom smelt me amp was like it smells like weed in here wtf
 im an healthy kid i smoke broccoli 
 my brother walked in the house smelling like weed . fucking retard
 i fucking hate the smoke detector in my room 
 like i open my eyes and the clouds are white ass fuck but in a video they aint even smoke wtf
 i forgot i had a baggie of weed in my pants and i accidentally washed it now all my pants and the washer smell like weed
 theres nothing like some mellow music with a good tempo while blowing weed
 my room smells like weed
 i smoke that wifi kush cause the smell reach the the other house 
 whatever they be rolling they weed in on shameless is good asf. that hoe light in 2 seconds
 @kodytyler i feel  i feel. wanna smoke one
 smells like damn smoke
 living in georgia i spend money on truck parts  car parts  weed  amp traveling.  oh and the dog. duh
 addicted like hennessy addicted like weed addicted like music 
 the hallways smell like weed nice
 jeans smell like postoo and i dont even smoke
 @melissamccarthy smoked that sketch  she knocked it out of the park. youre just as delusional as your 
 smelling like a pound of weed 
 and another look from the other side...  front brisket with tater tots back smokey the bandit 
 i smell like so much weed right now
 the girl that is sitting by me smells like straight cigarette smoke 
 i just know girls that smoke cigarettes gotta have the worst smelling pussy ever  like an exhaust engine
 @ntpfisher @extraptbo holy smoke.
 the smell of wills weed gets me going in the morning
 im sorry but how did the chain smokers and drake not win any grammys last night ... grammys
 just realized i left my weed in mels car n im sad 
 bout to hit the quarters  smoke weed and online shop.
 im at hempstead  ny in hempstead  ny 
 shut the fuck up. all lives matter. smoke some weed  do your fucking thing and quit playing the victim anytime something doesnt go ur way
 walking into columbia mall amp it just smells like weed 
 the weed is good healthy food and food is good healthy healthy ladies healthy healthy women and grow healthy and grow your mind and grow up
 bitches will be in my car smoking my weed and act like im not even there  lmao cut
 hey @joshsteen tell me what you want to smell like bc we need more of the hemp wash anyway 
 i hate being the only nonsmoker in the house. nobody can understand why i dont wanna leave my room smelling like weed.
 im like the only new yorker that doesnt smoke backwoods
 someone in my class smell like a pound of marijuana
 did research amp smoke shop candles last the looongest  thank me later
 madeintyo kind of sounds like smokepurpp
 my car still smells like weed
 tell me why my yoga instructor walked in late smelling like weed
 my room smells like weed and i cant find any 
 random sporadic loud chirp  like a smoke alarm chirp  but not. the wind sound like it is gonna tear the roof off. still no electricity. 
 why does pot  marijuana and whatever the shit people smoke have to smell so bad so tires of having to breath it during my work daystinks
 why the hell does it smell like weed in my apartment
 love the smell of weed in my room right when i wake up cuz of my neighbors 
 id like to thank @sara silverman for taking the guess work out of does she smoke crack or not
 ah i love waking up to the smell of weed
 @crredwards aqua net and ciggy smoke  official smell of the girls room heres the link  read his other tweets. 
 some club at school were cooking burgers and i walked through the smoke  now my hair smells like mesquite.
 i be in the smokers circle all night long and then wonder why my hair smells like straight dank the next day
 my history smells like weed
 trap music is the only type of music that can be played while in a smoke session  r
 im like a tumbleweed weed in a wild west texas wind  youre blowing me away again. 
 i spent my entire weekend binge watching weeds and i have no regrets
 i roll one blunt and it makes my room smell like i smoked in it 
 what would life be like if god didnt place weed on this earth
 im pretty sure someone smoked a big fat dubbie in the bathroom lol like wtf
 fena go outside amp just listen to music amp smoke.
 i smoke so much weed that my sweats starting to smell like an edible
 in hollywood smoking flavored weed in a upper class condo feeling v boujee
 a female friend who smoke just as much as megtgtgt like yessss bihhhhh left d vibe and be pretty 
 when someone walks into class smelling like weed.  my thoughts  make . them . like . you.
 it smells like pickles and weed on this bus 
 just bought hella weed off the plug so im good fasho
 but youll always float back through my mind like smoke.
 why does the west hallway always smell like weed
 @lebatardshow and there will always be states  like my own indiana  whichll still view it as it was depicted in reefer madness.
 @lebatardshow so even if a league approves it  there will be teams in states that view marijuana as evil amp corrupting.
 lakeside mall smells like the weed.
 honestly if everything on your car is valid  dont smell like weed  no warrants  or past arrest the police arent that bad.
 can we just talk about how i went outside to smoke last night and someone came by and locked me out on accident at like 130 am
 first thing my professor says when he walks in the room is anyone else think it smells like weed in here
 mr krabs sound like he smoke cigarettes and drink beer 
 hotbox before class and the teacher said you smell like smoke  you shouldnt smoke cigarettes bitch dont try me i smoke gas 
 you smoke in the shower  how does that work 
 that moment you finally off probation so you amp the papers light up amp smoke 
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern...httpst.coyb9bua9076
 aint coming for the nugget   i want the whole chicken   holy smokes aka @comsmoook
 im just tryna smoke chill and vibe .. with out all the extra shit
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 me tries to open my brothers door but the chain is locked uh what are u doing  him ... uh smoking weed close the door
 i got good weed  and swear to god  i just like chanting those rounds  gittin high  and nap  and thishttpst.cokez8piu3cy
 my mom asked me if i smelled weed  i had to play it off act like i aint know what she was talking about
 @rfredriksson @hallpatrik but i dont like smoke 
 there is more weed in denver air than oxygen.
 i swear those vegan hemp wraps always make my throat feel like shit
 when cars and pick up trucks drive off after the traffic light changes and a whole puff of black smoke comes out 
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6e  southern state parkway
 if its in god we trust than why doesnt america trust that god put marijuana on this earth for us 
 ha baby boomers kept their weed in shoeboxes and check boxes. and it didnt smell like skunks. goodolddays 
 @migos must love the bay. listening to culture  seems like all they smoke is cookies
 my parka smells like weed 
 i still smell like weed  my piss smells like weed. hmmmm dab time  
 ever since william carey moved in  our hall always smells like weed 
 im always wondering why im tired and feeling like shit but all i do is stay up late  eat like shit and smoke
 we all in our feels today lets smoke.
 prof whats that tattoo on your back   girl in my lab the chemical composition of weed.
 car still smells like smoke 
 ras smelled weed from our place and one of my roomies told the group chat they smelled mj and it took me forever to figure out what mj was
 walked into chipotle and it smells like straight up weed
 more smoke n mirrors. the sixers front office seems to enjoy making brown out to be the villain. 
 niggas who sell weed swear they botanist
 no smell is worse than cigarette smoke 
 i know i smell like weed everywhere i go
 can someone tell me what is liquid marijuana  is it really what it seems
 i deadass wanna quit smoking weed...... like for good
 just realized my work jacket smells like weed.... oops
 @matmickslipslap terry the smoker is making her rounds on the commercials again
 god went out for a pack of smokes and never came back daddyissues supernatural
 i smoked a zip in a week of straight oregano kush  
 my dad was talking to me in the car and was like you smoking weed again huh 
 the gas station smells like weed lmaooo
 opportunities came up but they were smoke n mirrors.  one was theme parks and theme attractions.
 had to come home to work the halls basketball game amp this like 10  and 12 yo kids are breaking downrolling weed in the parking lot.. lit af
 i sound like i just smoked like 5 packs of cigarettes 
 psa if you live in a tiny enclosed dorm hall w 30 other ppl pls be respectful amp dont smoke weed in your room
 downtown austin is smelling like straight dank this evening aka weedmarijuana
 pillow smell like weed
 mom theres cannabis oil in the chapstick you bought me  no wonder you like it so much
 oh joy  the old food coop has now been converted to a weed store. thats exactly what tacoma needs .
 my floor always smell like weed lol somebody got that gas 
 they probably smoke cigarettes and taste like an ashtray
 man weed feels great lol
 music  weed 
 holy smokes the sun is finally setting after 5pm. we have a gorgeous view of rainier amp the other snowcapped peaks winterisgoing seattle
 11th floor of @flamingovegas smells like a god damn marijuana farm. pissed im staying here
 im at rincon dominicano in hempstead  ny 
 i smoke a whole lot of loud been getting alot of bad news a whole lot of scares from a whole lot of bad move
 when my dog smells weed she goes crazy and be happy as fuck
 420 smoke sesh @ebonydompromos @rtdumb @rt4tat2 @rtfindom1 @blakswi0  @findomlive @womenruleonly findom godde 
 time to smoke out the rats... top house republican wants fbi assessment on trumprelated leaks  potus whitehouse
 you smoke too much when yo mouth just be smelling like tobacco amp weed on the regular  teeth start getting dingy  
 holy smokes...  they still make la gear shoes 
 i need a tolerance break like now okay im not going to fucking smoke for a week i can smoke like so much and get high for like 10 mins
 nick looks like he just smoked 18 joints thebachelor
 someone buy me a weed flavored candle pls
 you make me feel like after i smoked a blunt high than a bitch and happier than ever 
 you know when someone is a hard core cigarette smoker when you open a package they sent and it wreaks of cigarettes the moment you open it
 bryce hempel hits 16 drew galinson with the assist
 minneapolis washburn miss bryce hempel grabs rebound
 update the stove is fine but the house smells like smoke. 
 i miss my cat. i smell like smoke.
 miss bryce hempel grabs rebound
 in....miss.  bryce hempel grabs rebound.
 i love oregon almost everywhere you go it smells like weed
 bryce hempel fouled.
 someone next door is smoking weed and now our room smells like it sos
 more like denver weed nuggets sports
 travi seems like the kind of guy that will treat me right. take me shopping  smoke with me and .... 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 8  powell avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 good news about unions in l.a.s marijuana business   via @laweekly @rigovjr good work brother
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 sometimes i miss the air force  then im like but weed
 put on my tanning oil amp bailey proceeds to tell me the room smells like marijuana... then she looked at the bottle 
 can you smoke and ride like a playa like me
 im so sad  i feel everyone just hates me  i wish i could smoke some good ganj
 fascinating to think about  possibilities of sound and smoke having similar spatial qualities in minds of grecorom 
 holy smokes  @mattiseman wins celebapprentice and hes coming @wiseguysutah this saturday  congrats matt 
 okay but why does all of dominion smell like smoke
 ive never once been in my buildings elevator without it smelling like either fries or weed
 when the smoke alarms go off in our house a lady robot voice screams fire amp i just hope thats not the last voice i have to hear before i go
 i just want to vibe to music  smoke and have my ass rubbed on das it
 veterans explain what weed does for their ptsd . thanks to cannabis  andrew said  im able 
 @smokeybear hi smokey. you are a cutie pie
 bob dylan introduced the beatles to good weed is he god
 holy god my neighbors need to lay off the weed. my apartment smells like a pink floyd concert
 i swear all of my old class mates smoke weed  like why didnt yall hit me up in high school
 get you a nigga who smells like weed
 layin in bed and ur sweatshirt smells like smoke grosss
 tell me why i walk into my brothers and sister room to leave her beauty blender i cleaned  and it smells like weed. girl if my mom walks in
 ill be good one moment like smoking my ganja watching svu feeling happy. then boom ill miss troy and then the whole vibe is gone
 pornstar @teannatrump is so bad ass she taught snoop dogg how to smoke and taught kevin hart how to tell a joke 
 february 14th last year. best arctic sea smoke evah.  9f boston. 
 some times when i forget to wear deodorant my pits smell like weed
 im smoking good you smell the weed
 my navy blue hoodie forever smell like weed
 good weed  good wine  good night.
 my entire apartment smells like weed and i dont understand why considering my roommate and i dont smoke
 okay good  i thought it was only me that could smell weed all through campus
 just smoked a blunt  killed the lights and put in resident evil biohazard.
 eat some cookies then smoke or smoke then eat some cookies
 im using my little brother to deliver condoms to some high school kid and my little brother swears like hes gonna carry weed 
 you gotta bring a backwood in order for me to smoke it ... sorry i just dont like them hoes 
 my neighbors are high as fuck and because of them my room smells like weed too 
 i tried the weed strain sherbet and its pretty good. weedtwitter
 always smoke 2
 pretty sick of hrc to tweet this out  @realjmannarino. seems rather like there is more than smoke over the pizza.
 the whole world revolves around marijuana and it all makes perfect sense if you just look at it like that.
 my room smells like weed and candles
 driving down the road at 1am.. my mom goes it smells like marijuana hmmm
 talm about meechy you smell like weed 
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 i feel like going smoke 
 im a mac like dre  smoke like jack.
 so you say theres a future for saxophonists who dress like their grandfather @ smoke jazz club 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 this uber shit food and weed be breaking my pockets 
 scared to do my make up in the car bc i know that once i open this bag its going to reek like weed and my mom will leave me in the highway
 my phone case smell like smoke lol
 the new weed law in harris county  god is good
 smell like hell of weed in my uber driver car 
 whats that smell bus edition is it mcdonalds chicken nuggets  or is it weed vote on your phones now
 this guy on the bus reeks of weed.
 i just got on this lyft and it smells like hella weed its lit
 i look like i smoked like 5 blunts
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 update construction on ny135 both directions from exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike to exit 7  hempstead...httpst.coo47hgoadoi
 update construction on ny135 both directions from exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike to exit 7  hempstead...httpst.cogrqgjuimqa
 and reefa like to smoke reefer
 good weeds
 fire in toronto at st. clair and yonge. can see the smoke from my apartment window. 
 why does my voice sound like i smoke 8 packs a day 
 love is in the air  @ nassau county district court in hempstead  ny 
 i just need someone that likes to hit the gym  make money and enjoy smoking weed
 it was love  i knew  and it tasted like champagne in my mind.    neil gaiman @neilhimself  smoke and mirrors 
 @cinatyte theres something weird happening on the smokers porch
 @localcannabis is this strain any good ive never smoked anything like it.
 our entire office smells like smoke 
 this class smells like weed.
 only at red hook would the whole upstairs reek of weed
 this dude smell like bookoo weed 
 trap music and weed to balance out how cheesy today is
 and of course the girl that smells like weed comes in this class and sits in front of me
 lots of smoke outside my apartment @ yonge and st clair @cp24 @cbctoronto. still feel safe @torontofire at its 
 then it look like she finna  cough her lungs up or just waste the weed 
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike 
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike 
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike 
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike 
 hit up my weed man for delivery neighbors been thinking he live with me
 i dont like the smell of cigarette smoke and i will lysol you
 the hall way smell like weed
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb from exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road to exit 10  germonds road 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb from exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road to exit 10  germonds road 
 @barksanchez64 like the people at dont park on the grass that were allergic to weed
 @975middays @harrymayes975 holy smokes tuesdaypickmeup
 listening to trap music and smoking weed still doesnt make you a hood individual...
 made some good music  met a few new acquaintances  caught up with some old friends  smoked good  
 holy smokes this hit me  
 holy smokes 
 accepting the next round of questions for a california cannabis farmer to answer. icymi heres this months column 
 ha my hands smell like weed
 @fordandhaig humidor is growing  call @ftbanthony if you want to place an order or come smoke with him hes lone 
 this nigga fina smoke me out 
 this bitch got the whole room smelling like weed
 my class smell like weed
 i would like to smoke
 if you smoke in your car dont get mad at me when i fart in it justsaying
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 14e  ny 25 jericho turnpike
 i just want to smoke a brunt after work and listen to some good music
 why does alpine smell like some skunk weed
 it smells like smoke in the ehs building.
 it smells like weed and vinegar in here..
 me relaxes feet                                         anthony why does it smell like weed or is it just your feet 
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb from exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road to exit 10  germonds road
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb from exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road to exit 10  germonds road
 someone smells like weed in here
 went to the plug house to get bud and he smokes me out w a dab  tru love does exist 
 the cool thing about edibles is how they make your sweat smell like weed so i get even more weird stares from coworkers when im high at work
 bro wtf why does the bathroom smell like straight smoke 
 the lady that cut my hair yesterday smelled like cigarettes and she said sorry for the smell i dont smoke it just reminds me of my dad
 avon cops have the easiest job all they do is park in weird places and bust kids for weed
 in my experience  i have learned that if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck  its a duck.  oh  and that smoke and fire thing too.
 as you grow older you begin to realize that everyone and their fucking mother smokes weed lol
 this guy comes late to class every day smelling like weed like bruh this class is tiny amp everybody can smell u wyd
 i could smell the weed from three cars in front of me as the guy opened his door to give his mcdonalds order because his window didnt open
 shout out to the girl smoking weed in the ag building bathroom 
 a valentines bear a bear where the fuck you get a bear from cmon smokey when she open the door you jump on her ass
 im sick and im debating if i should smoke or not....
 motion to smoke out fails when less than onethird of the body required stands to bring bill to house floor
 this smell of smoke in my apartment is kinda nauseating and im pretty sure thats not a good thing fire torontofire
 thats where we are going  leaf valley  sounds like they might sell some weed there. 
 if you look closely you can see the smoke from the fire at yonge and st clair @ toronto transit 
 student whats that blue stuff teacher the sky s oh the white stuff made it look like smoke t the clouds classmates amp thats dirt 
 like that ny weed about to be can. i already know ima have to have my plug on speed dial 
 if 6 car sv to wiehle has 2 no passenger cars its a 4 car. and 4th car is dark amp smells like smoke. way to go. 
 the village ether smells like weed or laundry detergent
 the village either smells like weed or launder detergent
 holy smokes can i get ur  
 more like the smell of weed automatically makes me wanna puke. 
 @kevinwright1968 dude  thats the strain i had before i got this skunk ass weed. some high quality 420 right there.
 whats weed like  
 feels disgusted by my cigarette but continues to smoke it
 should make weed nuggets
 you are the weed smell to my upstairs girls bathroom westpickupline
 if my neighbors dont know what weeds smells like they must just think i smell really bad all the time
 why is the smokey and the bandit theme song blaring in the lobby of milk rn
 my class smells like weed. but like really really shitty weed
 this cannabis culture spot that opened on church st always has like minimum 30 people in line
 @mikecatherwood holy smokes youre a pro. but it has to be difficult keeping rudycisneros in character right youlive rudylives
 holy smokes 
 i smoke loud i be smoking 
 @kevinwright1968 totally agree..  this skunk ass weed is hella good too...
 not being able to smoke is hella fucking depressing
 my hair smells like weed
 lmao my uber smells like weed
 @lyft  my drivers car reeks of weed im just tryna get to the dentist help
 more like my own little smoke house  
 everyone on this flight from denver reeks of weed
 this weed taste so good.
 my uncle smell straight like weed
 my neighbors smoke cigars every now and then  and damn they smell good.
 now my room smells like weed  
 you look like dora smoking weed
 im at town of hempstead in ny 
 60 of the reasons why im leaving this apartment are my downstairs neighbors.... no more yippy dog or  cigarette smoke in my apartment 
 all i smell is weed but its not mine
 can literally smell the weed my sister amp her boyfriend smoking right now
 smells like weed outside the green lantern. appropriate
 the chap that got on at montgomeryis clearly a smoker of the cigarettesas he smells like the smell of the smoking area near my condo door.
 i really like weed and henny 
 the guy from the smoke shop next door came into the store to give me muffins happy valentines day lmao a customer was like awww 
 idk i smoke broccoli 
 someone is straight up smoking weed on this metronorth train as if we cannot all smell it
 i need someone whos just like me  socially awkward until we smoke a blunt together
 if you are a girl and you smoke weed   please do not go to a store smelling like you just finished hotboxing a damn car. not cool...
 @joshbolton not yet  but marijuana producers will boooom. when the liberals finally enact legislation to legalize it.
 if you in public and you smell weed in the air keep your fucking mouth closed lmao
 my clothes smell like weed 
 @aaronvegh oh  its coming. its like forest fire level smoke. no way theres just a serene lake on the other side. 
 someone pls tell me why the entrance of lt smells like straight up weed 
 i dont got no more weeed left i hateeeee bein low on weed shit gimme anxiety
 came home from dinner to chocolate covered strawberries  wine amp a new batch off weed  happyvalentinesday
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 came home from dinner to chocolate covered strawberries  wine amp a new batch of weed  happyvalentinesday
 construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 27s  wantagh state parkway 
 construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 27s  wantagh state parkway 
 it still smells like weed in here no we just hit a skunk
 my flows hot  yours is candle lit play it loud like my cannabis i been rich got a can of piss flow too sick for a therapist
 every time i smoke its like im speaking to god. 
 bitches always got hella weed she throwing neck 
 then my boss also forgot her car at the car wash so i had to give her a ride home and my car stank like hella weed 
 thank god for my smoke detector i almost burnt this place down lol
 im sorry but like.. how do yall not smoke bud
 brianah just told me her lotion smells like weed  but um 
 this nigga better not bring me some fruity because im going to be hella mad lmfao. only accepting marijuana
 i dont smoke  but my clothes always end up smelling like cigarette smoke
 @abraham981 the oa  the boss  longmire  the red road  weeds
 @abraham981 the oa  the boss  longmire  the red road  weeds
 that moment your dog thinks you have food when your smoking out the gb and you say zeus this is weed its not even food and he walks away 
 kaitlyn and i smell smoke kaitlyn oh hell no if your car catches on fire im aboutta stop drop amp roll out outta here   @kaitlynf
 would you like to smoke this bowl with me
 me an emily smoked half a blunt before the movie and the other half after an when i sparked it the second time she said it tasted like steak
 so i come home and my house is literally filled with smoke and smells like burning cause my mom has the oven on the clean setting smh
 my dad got here literally smelling like a pound of marijuana 
 the 3rd floor and my  suite smells like weed and i dont have any.....this sucks. share the goods asshole
 the liquor store didnt have my kind of smokes so i bought my old kind and i really regret it lol
 this weed taste like fruit  and now i want a green apple or like a pear shout out to all the pears
 so im the only one in the gym. a guy walks in amp just starts working out..but he smells like weed. is it safe to work out while high
 cop smells like weed in ur car me no sir i just febreezed it. surely when he gets back to my car ill spend the night in the can
 my room always smells like  1. weed  2. cigarettes  3. a combo of 1 amp 2
 but like only one puff every night like a sleeping pill. after week 7 im gonna smoke like a fucking stoner
 mom didnt like the fact the car smells like weed  looks like i got to smoke it all then.
 my mom just randomly woke up amp came in my room amp told me to not be smoking in the house...like girl  i dont even smoke. wtf
 my gym parking lot smells like weed and cologne thanks to el rey lmfao
 the hallways in my floor stay smelling like weed and some type of air freshener and it really makes it feel like home
 pornstar @teannatrump is so bad ass she taught snoop dogg how to smoke and taught kevin hart how to tell a joke 
 sorry boo i didnt smell your weed when you pulled up
 why does it smell like weed in rexburg...
 not being able to smoke is making me open up more. i hate that shit
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 9  plainview road broadway to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 you know the weed good when it smell like shit
 that weed looks like it has aids. 
 cleared construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 27s  wantagh state parkway
 cleared construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 27s  wantagh state parkway
 this foo really coming out to my house at 1 am to smoke me out lmaoo
 stephen foster state park burning notyouroldkentuckyhome @katiejeffries katiescommuters going smokeless @fcn2go gmj
 my gf was already almost running late but she knocked back on my door bc she forgot to give me more weed 
 my hair smells like smoke 
 and smokes really good kush 
 this whole cafeteria smell like weed
 steele makes me smoke in the bathroom 
 @mikeandmike mmdreamfight cheech vs chong high on weed
 sb187 new residency exemption marijuana educationbased occupational license 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 my car smells like cigarette smoke amp have no idea why 
 port huron has garbage cans laying in the middle of every road and the entire town reeks of marijuana.
 someone smells like they just smoked some dank weed  man.
 why do i sound like a smoker today
 i swear who would smoke on an elevator it smells like mad men in here
 bruh this kid is smoking weed in the elevator and offered me the blunt
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 my niggas used to smoke loud. now they on dog food.
 it smells like straight up weed in here
 mystery of the day my backpack smells like cigarettes but i do not smoke coffee
 @picaboobitch weed be too good 
 legal cannabis market projected to grow as consumers spend more  
 and my rental car smells like smoke 
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e ...httpst.co1si8gvsxkn
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e ...httpst.coufk21gt2wq
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e ...httpst.cohhfmiqqixo
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e ...httpst.coywc8qpk9e0
 hate my room smelling like smoke
 if i get a degree im biology and become a botanist i can grow and smoke what i love. 
 mmm i luv duh smell of marijuana in the mall hallway in teh morning
 construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road 
 construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road 
 construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road 
 construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road 
 so to my wonderful neighbors who have been mowing and weed walking since 6  very considerate 
 stratford high. where people smoke in the only two boys bathrooms and then the bathrooms get closed. i love it here
 update construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road 
 update construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road 
 update construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road 
 update construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road 
 i think im allergic to weed
 cleared construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e  southern state...
 @jxmmi got old ladies smoking weed in the swang video. drop that for the culture 
 if someone treats you like this hmu we can smoke a blunt and poke holes in her car tires at 3am 
 my uber driver is giving me steps to grow weed at home and not get caught.
 this morning my mom was like can i borrow your mk purse i was like yeah make sure theres not weed in there and she 
 cleared construction on southernstateparkway eb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 23  meadowbrook road
 why does everyone at this fucking school smoke cigarettes
 my studio fix smells like weed 
 thank god for the weed women ampthe sunshine
 thank god for the weed  women  amp the sunshine cali
 wow i googled bill clinton rape amp holy smokes 
 why does this courtroom spell like bleach and weed 
 i was telling my friends like i smoke to much like i never be sober it feel like 
 where that weed at denver
 my car still smells like weed wow lmao
 i think my suite mates smoked wo me im hurt 
 walking into the gym smelling like weed haha
 my room been smellin like weed all week
 trinityturnerlive performing live at glamour girls february 23rd25th... 14428 hempstead 
 i either smell like weed or cigarettes there is no in between
 if i smoke a backwood i know ima smell like a jamaican green house
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 ridiculously attracted to boys who look like they havent slept in a week  have tattoos  are musically inclined  smoke  amp like good music 
 when you just so happen to check yo pocket to see why yo room still smell like weed and you still got all his weed but he didnt take you
 whole house smell like weed smh 
 the guy at autozone was like i smelt weed in your car didnt i 
 the clothes are picked over  and fairgrounds smell like urine and cigarette smoke in some places. orovilledam 
 school smells like weed
 a nigga feel old right about now i dropped some weed on the floor bend over to pick it up my back blew out i feel out on the floor lol
 im straight edge i dont drink  smoke  or poop.
 february 15th is national side nigga appreciation day. so ladies today treat your side nigga to some food  some weed  something nice.
 my house smells like weed .. so i messaged my mom  too funny 
 yo he sound and look just like my grandpa and he smoke weed just like him doppelganger 
 my car is so filthy. weed tobacco and henny everywhere
 is it just me or do coronas smell like weed
 it smells like straight up weed at my school lmao
 it feel hella good im finna smoke a lil reefer outside
 in a couple years that girl you left me for that smokes cigarettes does coke drinks like a man  is going to look like my asshole 
 my car smells like weed  febreze @febrezefresh
 theres always smoke before the fire..... ladies  watch who you have kids with.
 look at pattys dog and his raw dog toy. @ kind connection smoke shop 
 my phone smell more like weed than weed do
 which  good  keep drinking and smoking and smoke as long as you can until you die. and thank you for reading my poems while doing it.
 rand paul always looks like he combed his hair with a weed eater.
 my new boots smell like weed and im not sure why
 man  i just love the smell of cigarette smoke whenever i walk into the pool. stay classy bellevue east.
 sometimes i feel i will only use my degree to find ways to smoke broken cigarettes.
 my sister just said it smelled like weed  i asked how she knew what it smelled like and she said cause of me  oh
 holy smokes 
 my uncle is blowing the house down smells like str8 weed
 alex talking about his sketchbook cover that lights up with papercircuits so real i can almost smell smoke 
 the reason igotcaught smoking weed back 18 years old was coming in from the back yard and eating like everything in the pantry. hahaha xd
 my mountain dew tastes like weed
 living in our house you constantly smell like charred chicken and smoke
 indiana senate okays treatment of epilepsy with oil from cannabis plant 
 the train smells like weed.
 im so sick i cant enjoy a smoke life is pain
 picked up my little brother from school forgetting my car smelled like weed 
 my pants smell like straight weed
 this girl out here with pants that look like they were attacked by a weed whacker
 i open my window for fresh air not to have your disgusting secondhand smoke come into my room i should be able to breathe in my own home
 holy smokes  
 i know this sounds hella crazy coming from me but i need to stop smoking weed for a while
 ol girl car smells like weed. 
 love the smell of fresh grounded weed 
 this girl in my class keeps walking by me and she smells like smoke
 i like ft while i smoke lol for what
 lmao my car smelled like hella weed and my driving instructor was all tryna cover his nose and shit lmao 
 random girl to kid you smell like weed                                                             me ayyyyyyyyyyy
 and anytime he wants to get smoked on the bball court he knows im a phone call away and always ready to post him up congrats bud
 its so humid in florida i feel like im breathing in vape smoke
 my mom smelled the weed i got jaydon amp she made the funniest face everrrrrr omgggggg
 im in the hydro store helping a friend with his weed set up. im like a kid in the candy store. 
 yup just got weed in my eye and lemme tell you it hurt like a bitch
 one of the executive producers on arrow goes by the name speed weed 
 @46savannahrose like if some kids are smoking  i bet their parents were smokers also.
 when the temperature goes below minus forty the only thing that moves is the smoke from chimneys.
 scott elevators stay smelling like weed
 house smell like straight weed 
 im just tryna smoke and vibe yah feel
 i dont smoke anymore but these cookies were like jesus made them himself while stoned 
 when you smell a skunk and arnt sure if its actually an animal or just a whiff of the weed in your pocket
 good thing i drove so i can drive around  blast music and smoke like 20 cigarettes after that exam
 i feel like my skin was a lot clearer when i use to smoke
 everywhere i run in beaumont smells like weed lol
 i smoke hella weed amp get hella high what i need any other drug for
 @ethans4900 holy smokes
 evan said to me.. why your eyebrows spell like weed 
 a motorcycle cop told me my car smells like burnt marijuana. i told him  well its not going to smell like unburnt marijuana.
 as much as i smoke  i hate smelling like weed. lol
 live good  eat good  smoke good
 annnnd batesmotel just got terrifying  holy smokes
 smh this girl in my math class said weed smells bad
 is it just me or does weed smell its dankest when your walking around in public and get a wiffffffff
 why does my dogs poop smell like weed
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 she love the way my weed taste
 booman weed had me knocked out for helllas 
 @joshuachaffee @jasoninthehouse as a in the weeds
 its like trying to put smoke back in a cigarette
 now i come home to my shit smelling like smoke. shit stank man
 momhow you know what weed smell like in public if you never tried it  me 
 just got back from school and my entire apt smell like weed
 when you cover the cannabis beat you have moments like this. 
 cigarette smoke smell is literally suffocating me rn
 it was a mistake leaving my window open. now my room smells like weed. thanksneighbors
 hate being at my moms i always smell like smoke
 my grandmother really smoke mad weed 
 man everything in here smell just the weed
 if he make you mad  throw his weed away and make him mad too
 our whole apartment complex smells like weed amp im pretty sure im a little high right now
 hate when bitches flex their weed amp it look like straight 
 is it weird that i love the smell of weed 
 i like girls who can smoke 
 neighbors knocking on the door asking can we turn it down  i say aint no music on they say naaa that weed is loud
 hoemygay  what a day just got better with weed its what i need. and then i stumbled onto soulhouse music  must say this is smooth sick.
 lol now the house smells like weed hahha i ran inside had to turn that shit off 
 reasons to not smoke exhibit a 
 mom my room smells like marijuana.. what.. what... 
 girls that smoke nipples be tasting like backwoods...
 omg now he smells like cigarette smoke
 good head and good smoke 
 i swear to god  i do the most to smoke
 bare in that pussy like smokey    chain swing like rodeo ropy
 holy smokes. 
 dude  sometimes in my 9am i burp and it smells like hella weed and im just like heh  wasnt me  alyssa
 the homie skima coming thru with that smoke in a pinch. cash me outside lol
 @puropinchehyphy thank u bro we gotta turn up 2 celebrate  smoke eaters and heem
 this milf i met at the mall earlier today just texted me  saying she misses my smell of good weed and good cologne  
 can i smoke tupac now   
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 sb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 caller is concerned about the odor of marijuana and the sound of loud music coming from an apartment  11th amp jackson street. 
 @etcasse i think she on something stronger than weed brother
 my shirt smells so much like smoke lol
 we are live along cr60 fhp troopers say they will be out here throughout the morning to monitor the smoke fox35 
 if you smell like marijuana  cigarettes  and a bottle of hennessy at 7 am feel free to sit far as you fucking can a 
 i need a good smoke this morning
 its like the room just cleared of smoke. i didnt even want the heart you broke. its yours to 
 should i just smoke in the bathroom and turn the shower on 
 should marijuana be legalized in all statesismokeditand weed 420
 holy smokes 
 everyday im either woken up from  stomping  singing  or the pungent smell of dat reefer .... 
 @phillytalk @spongeworthy2 protesting is evil.....freedom is evil....go smoke a joint
 hate a it smells like weed ass person when a nigga walk in the class
 holy smoke  what not to do 
 this girl just came into my anatomy class smelling like a freshly smoked packed of maverick menthol 100s
 @timsylviamma holy smokes  no more grizzy sylvia.
 i feel like im getting second hand smoke when i smell somebody breath after they smoke a cigarette 
 i smell weed and chicken fingers right now
 broooo why does downstairs freshman center smell like weed 
 to the tinted out truck in front of me  you arent fooling anyone  i can smell your marijuana from a quarter mile back sir
 im in class and my bag smells like weed so bad thanks to @ericaagarciaa9  and leo   smells so good though 
 whenever mccann says m out  i feel like hes going to disappear in a cloud of smoke
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 the smell of weed to me is forever the unknown smell of my cousins room when i was younger
 @dispatchula @thebpdshow there actually isnt evidence of collusion. im all about using this against them  but its all smoke
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3w  hempstead turnpike to exit w4e  southern state parkway 
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3w  hempstead turnpike to exit w4e  southern state parkway 
 mom oh look a weed baggie on my floor how wonderful. me rolls eyes... it could also be a button bag  mom hahahah ur funny
 walked in to class and the room smelled like weed good morning
 walked into class and the room smelled like weed good morning
 dismissed  @ nassau county district court in hempstead  ny 
 idk what my parents have in there washing machine or dryer my clothes smell like weed 
 my shit smell like weed
 so i brought my headphones to school and only one earbud works and marijuana by kid cudi came on but im not that hype only like half hype
 my car smells like an entire weed plant 
 wsr with a couple of more wins  austin yant in sv  64  over alex ward of hemptead at 152  zack wagenhoffer with tf at 160 iahswr
 cleared construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3w  hempstead turnpike to exit w4e  southern state parkway
 cleared construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3w  hempstead turnpike to exit w4e  southern state parkway
 oh yeah oh yeah everything is terrible  buying marijuana makes you feel like a criminal.
 do you feel that marijuana should be legalized
 i wish i could open my window without my room smelling like weed 
 any smoker vibe in the morning is always wake n bake and good music dontdebateme
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e ...httpst.cocl7ariurni
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e ...httpst.cozcourcno1x
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e ...httpst.cojlpvenhzxp
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e ...httpst.co8kplizgwal
 the weed man always playing in his ass.
 it feels good rollin up tha weed to get high 
 @yassssminaaa i like how more smoke came out the right nostril compared to the left 
 you know how you know if someone smokes in there car they spray hella perfume. and my uber driver did that. i swear i can taste it 
 my bookbag smells like straight weed 
 people really like the smell of weed 
 @victorperez123 i have music playing  im smoking weed  im freestyling and i cant stay on subject 
 on god this nigga next to me smells like fucking ass amp bogus ass reggie. second hand smoke  mf stank. im so mad
 expecting to smell fruity vape from someone smoking and its cigarette smoke is also really terrible. this walk is full of disappointments.
 its like a real live jukebox over at @denvercenter with @motownmusical playing hits from diana ross  smokey robins 
 who out in valpo tryna smoke
 fucking 80 miles just for weed wtf alohaoregon
 i like my bitches rollin  i like my weed rolled
 cleared construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e  southern state...
 cleared construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w4e  southern state...
 enjoy the perfect weather and a smoked brat with onions brian is serving it up at the state capitol farmers market 
 i smell like an ash tray and i dont smoke at all
 the only thing we agree on is music and smoking weed
 when people get into your car they know you smoke weed. smells like straight loud 
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3w  hempstead turnpike to exit w4e  southern state parkway 
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3w  hempstead turnpike to exit w4e  southern state parkway 
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3w  hempstead turnpike to exit w4e  southern state parkway 
 construction on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3w  hempstead turnpike to exit w4e  southern state parkway 
 when the weed affects your mental state. 
 construction on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w4e  southern state parkway to exit w3w  hempstead turnpike 
 construction on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w4e  southern state parkway to exit w3w  hempstead turnpike 
 construction on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w4e  southern state parkway to exit w3w  hempstead turnpike 
 construction on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w4e  southern state parkway to exit w3w  hempstead turnpike 
 this boy smell like straight weed on this shuttle
 someone in this office reeks like weed right now amp i will not take the fall for this
 update construction on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w4e  southern state parkway to exit w3w  hempstead...httpst.cow6q7obdd7t
 cleared construction on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w4e  southern state parkway to exit w3w  hempstead turnpike
 cleared construction on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w4e  southern state parkway to exit w3w  hempstead turnpike
 update construction on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w4e  southern state parkway to exit w3w  hempstead...httpst.couvz7y9lw85
 how to feel like youre high without actually smoking weed get on the bus and listen to this album. 
 i am watching the congressional cannabis caucus. reps are working to assure freedom for states cannabis consumers 
 my lungs hurt so bad  im about to make some stupid strong edibles and not smoke for a week to heal.
 i wouldnt be anywhere in life without good friends  good weed  and good times
 today it smells like straight weed. 
 su ag center amp college of agricultural  family amp consumer sciences  will host a medical marijuana town hall meeting on february 23  at 2pm
 ima healthy kid i smoke broccoli 
 p sure i lowkey smell like weed rn hahaha oops
 dog park and smoke session with mikey 
 holy hell girl you might as well just smoke in the classroom.
 she said if you smell smoke amp hear alarms leave the building  obv. which is fine unless the alarms dont go off amp you dont smell smoke
 sounds like atlantas smoke amp duck sauce is right on time 
 k i have a 5 weed cookie from some sketch dispensary. i hope i feel nice off it for that price
 love going in the girls bathroom and smelling a shit ton of weed lmao
 to be honest i have no expectations when it comes to trap music. i just want something i can smoke and vibe too...
 to be honest i have no expectations when it comes to trap music. i just want something i can smoke and vibe to...
 i smoked before i came to school and im about to pass out
 cant persuade me with weed.
 i feel like its my right as a paying college student to not have to sit next to an ugly guy that smells like weed during a class
 when ppl come to your morning class smelling like weed...
 first thing i wake up to is my mom coming in my room  waking me up  amp tell me my room smells like weed
 my roommate hit two skunks with her car and now it smells like she smokes weed
 me when i smell weed yucky cant stand the smell of it @ austin  texas 
 feel like sending this to everyone i know who smokes these 
 @abrinkleintime lol a kid in my class was like uh hey do u smoke weed 2 bc the smell is 2 strong to just be me
 contractors been here last 2 days i need to smoke not hiding smoking in my house they just gonna have to smell that 
 holy smokes internet went down for not even 15 minutes and my kids turned into freaking demons timetopullthecat5
 it smells like straight up weed in my cousins car lmao
 trinityturnerlive performing live at glamour girls february 23rd25th... 14428 hempstead 
 look good  smoke good  drink good  feel good tgif
 it smells like weed and baby powder
 @sarahkfetter a massage so good you feel like that post sex stereotype of i  wanna smoke after it is like hffffhdhdb
 my car smells like so much weed 
 my car smells like straight weed 
 told that hoe 145 i bet not smell like weed
 girls swear they smoke good  but in reality i only know a few girls that legitimately smoke good
 @knightowl625 said theres nothing like chain smoking gpc cigarettes cuz any smoke will kill ya  but these will make you feel like it
 the only good morning texts i get are from weedstores
 always remember to say thank you to your weedman
 the entire building smells like weed
 i smell like weed all day everyday
 can gamma not smell like weed for one day
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli.
 icymi arkansans ask medical marijuana is now available to watch online at  arask 
 holy smokes this is beginning to look like the limbo howlowcanhego 
 my entire budget consists of weed  uber  happy hours  brunch  the occasional grocery  and beautyrelated items  in that order.
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli  
 gets in my car it smells like vaseline and weed  probably 
 sorry.   but when i come back to florida .  i have to eat at cr chicks.   the smokey @ c.r. 
 my husband just opened the door to go outside to smoke a cigarette it smells like sulfur in my house it really does it smells like koolaid
 holy smokes 
 little tress black ice will have yo car smelling like you never smoked in that hoe
 @cannabiswest  41.47 for 1g cannabis maximus live resin  rec  denver   concentratedealsdenver cannabismaximus
 when your floor already smells like straight weed so you say fuck it
 on a kush clock...its always time to smoke.
 copped some weed and some hard lemonade. weathers nice. sounds like a picnic in the making.
 @babsdraws @wolverinemovie @apoppy315 holy smokes  do want
 momyoure room smells like weed me i dont smell anything 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 the carsons bathroom smells like hella weed lmao
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli 
 go to the grocery store because id be out of broccoli since i tried to smoke it all 
 theres a whole lot of smoke on this. 
 im so down to walk in the rain to get food and smoke 
 i swear  when the weather is nice all of ou smells like dank weed 
 cody is in hempstead ny. hes begging for a loving home share and help him. @animaladvocate @shelterpets 
 trying out shakeshack for the first time here in hollywood  everyone smells like weed up in here.
 lol some kid got caught w weed at my school. why would u bring it to school and also why have it in ur pocket
 i got 2 joints and 2 strains of weed and the old guy behind me was like have you tried those before
 @joeysenkyr @nickmagrino @joeurbanist holy smokes
 how tf you smell weed on me and we outside and you following me in a fucking police car
 oh cool you smoke boges
 laurens car smells like a mixture of black ice amp weed lol
 that awkward moment when i get nauseous in a mcdonalds parking lot because the guy in front of me is smoking weed... thanks dude
 i like my weed by the o i like my women unclothed
 why does anyone over 30  act like weed is the devil himself
 its 65 degrees out and my grandma still smokes weed downstairs making the whole house reek 
 ducked off playing dbz smoking weed
 this weed is good where am i at 
 im at town of hempstead in ny 
 im tryna smoke tupac 
 this nigga said weed smell like bleach.
 planet fitness the type of gym that ppl smoke cigs outside of. i love it
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 why smokin weed gootta have a strong smell lol like shi lemme get high n not have to worry bt people bein like yo you smell lol
 hes been wanting me to smoke with him. i always say ok. but hes like liar.  me  i know hahaha. heres like just one time.
 these people came in food lion today smelling like straight up weed amp this old lady said thats some strong coffee.  im in tears.
 @timlanning wait no im walking through porter. am i the weed smell now 
 someone said her weed smell like privilege  
 sound like u need some weed 
 i feel well rested this cannabis syrup knocked me out lmfao
 im at hempstead turnpikeamp route 107 in plainedge  ny 
 for the 1st time  my wife has told me i smell like bbq smoke amp made it sound like a bad thing. honeymoonisover 
 am i the only one that likes to watch themselfs smoke
 i never got smoke in my eye thank god lol
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 i smell like mad weed
 @sandratxas @lrihendry @2alaw @lvnancy @carminezozzora @gaetasusan @nia4trump look like you guys smoke to much.
 all that weed on the floor now 
 fresh flower friday starts at green life cannabis  grab some nugreen shiatsu and experience the nugreen differenc 
 my teacher told us that she accidentally put marijuana leaves in her salad when she lived in nepal 
 this weed smell so good
 my car smell like gas. i hate it. not weed but gasoline.
 i said aint no music on she said nah that weed is loud
 me and kam got hella weedpraying this smell dont come out while we in the car with my mama. i wrapped it in hella stuff
 theyve been doing roof work right above my dorm room and now it just smells like smoke and gravel in here
 i smoke og by the zip i think i got heart complications 
 i just pulled a dollar out of my cigarette pouch that was covered with and smelled like marijuana
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6w  southern...httpst.coo46krycdru
 incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6w  southern...httpst.coskghzdpbgp
 when youre riding around in your car and you cant tell if the smell you just smelled was really good weed or a sk 
 yo the kent state student section smelled like straight weed at this basketball game
 february 17  2017  64f  sun shining today  windows open for hours amp weeds line the garden 
 bitches breathe be smelling like shit keep acting like they smoke weed 
 cleared incident on meadowbrookstateparkway sb from exit m5  ny 24 east hempstead turnpike to exit m6w  southern state parkway
 .@eyecuemc is allergic to weed falsefactatweep
 he smells like weed and fired chicken
 told the lunch lady im healthy kid i smoke broccoli  
 my dog buster is a pot snob just like his daddy.  he only likes to eat certain strains of weed.  i toss him nugs and he eats em.
 i give back to the community a lot so i dont see why i shouldnt get smoked out for free  like cmon have you seen my garden 
 idk about that movie but some oxtail amp weed sound  
 playing with my money is like playing with my emotions smokey
 @carverhighcbs hosang got smoked like a bad cigar and distillery has 2 for 1 margaritas in rochester.
 @washingtonpost oh yeah. fuming. i can just see the smoke coming out of trumps ears as he laughs at how predictably fake your headline is.
 im in denver and i said i smelled weed and nathan just kinda rolled his eyes.
 @haegankent @dory come home so i can make some more smokers feel bad
 kayla said the weed taste spicy
 im such a paranoid smoker like for one dab i take i light like 4 incense
 can someone call me an uber to smoke and cuddle during this storm
 my car smells like weed and mint gum
 it constantly smells like weed on our floor
 thanks to @westgatelv for giving us a room that reeks with the smell of weed  
 lol it always smells like weed in tampa  i love ittttt
 @knoxnews sounds more like an ad 4 free smoke detectors then it does about saving some 1s life so here u go  
 @dvieiis only smoke mods
 they need a uber weed delivery.
 i just said like a coughers smoke 
 just to smoke lmao buggin she sucking his dick after 
 so pewdiepie doesnt like jews oh well id still smoke weed with him
 her friends dont even smoke   but they loving the smell
 fuck my room smells like weed
 i smell like weed and tommy girl.
 just got pulled over amp they let the dogs sniff the car amp it was weed in here amp they didnt smell it. thank god but my friend need a new plug
 walking to my house from my car  neighbor smells like weed out here.  70 second pause  me suree does   
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 cause im supposedly suppose to be sober but everyone over smoke it and im here pretending im. it doing it
 it smells like straight up weed in this bar.
 man errything smell like weed up on me
 heineken smells like weed.
 man when you open my trunk you smell weed
 turns out theres a smoke detector in my room
 god i hate to be that person but weed is so good.  its so nice.
 i like people how i like my weed. blunt.
 you cant smell like weed if you smoke in the shower. 
 i feel high but i didnt smoke whats going on
 haters mad for whatever reason smoke in the air  binge drinking they lose it when the dj drops the needle
 i like fort collins cuz you can smoke a joint outside the bar like its a cigarette and no one gives a fuck.
 5 reasons why i hate the rave 15 it smells like weed.
 holy smokes 
 holy smokes
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 the culdcept game is coming out here  holy smokes 
 told my doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke brocolli
 time to play everyones favorite game of is that smell a skunk or weed
 tons of keys though....where this weed i smell coming from its pretty smooth
 @tuvok2017  stay off that loco weed  not good for you
 my house smells of weed and my parents walk in like nothing ever happened and just went to bed. lol.
 i smell just like weed in this uber car 
 the smell of weed rn is really making me sick.
 the smell of weed rn is really making me sick.
 when the weed man say he was gon come but its lookin like he not coming .. 
 holy smokes
 i will never get use to the smell of weed.
 if i can smell your cigarette smoke with your windows closed toomuch
 mom smells like weed.
 iso someone to smoke with
 havent had to roll weed in a while  feels good
 lol just found like an 8th of weed at work
 police offer was blowing at the red light man  lmmaooo nothing but smoke came out the car when he let the window down
 a smoke and ill feel better
 idontneedpermissionto smoke or fart. 
 holy smokes  
 neighbors knockin on the door asking can we turn it down i say aint no music on she said naw that weed is loud
 dudes be handing me ecigarettes like its a weed pen. am i old now
 i hope my boyfriend comes over today with some weed 
 you get smoked like purple go in like curfew
 joe moody a fresh look at marijuana laws. 
 all i smoke is loud yeah  its gon blast in your ear
 i feel like the scariest thing in life is filling your bowl with not weed but hot spices and shit
 holy smokes 
 im the kid who smokes weed in their car in their parents complex driveway...
 not allowed to make weed jokes in the same room as jack  but were watching intervention where these people are shooting heroin
 got my room smelling like good greenery and i dont even smoke..
 phone case leather so it smell like weed..
  i came here to smoke god dammit  not to mope...  a good friend
 is it me or do i smell weed being smoked in my house rn
 i need some weed but dont feel like driving
 the coughing feels more like a shanna problem cuz she wouldnt quit smoking cigarettes and weed
 i need to smoke but my mom smells everything 
 love when i smells like drugs but have yet to smoke 
 i smell like dampg and weed hoe
 @swag3stupid seriously. every frat house ive been in in athens smells like straight weed.
 you smell like sex and cigarette smoke
 wait where is his girly bicycle oh  and that staged rifle pic  complete with black smoke roflol what a hoot 
 my whole house smells like weed 
 whos up and would like to smoke
 she said i smell like smoke i told her i just came from a all black town where the past time was to sell white folk
 @mantivs tru im allergic to...dust...lmao and some weed types make me sooo itchy and allegyish
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 this guy walks on the plane and he smells like weed and he looks stupid high
 @jordanschroll @cnn we dont need their weed.we can grow better stuff here. by the way its legal in a few places here.coming soon 2 u too
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 im sure theres smoke coming out of my ears by now
 im at hempstead  ny in ny 
 holy smokes came home so turnt i fell asleep with my jacket and shoes everything and my mom came to undress me real one
 @saucyystoned when you smell like weed in public 
 @hippieoflove when you smell like weed in public 
 holy smokes im just walking to work  minding my own business amp this sent me into a laughing fit of hysterics which 
 i sound like i smoke a pack a day 
 manmade booze god made weed who do you trust in
 holy smokes 
 we really smoked my sister car out lastnight lmfao i know it smell like straight gas in that mf 
 im at rincon dominicano in hempstead  ny 
 this is why i like to fucking smoke instead
 doc told me to eat my veggies  so i smoke my broccoli  backwood 
 95 of the time if you walk in my crib it smells like weed. bout 80 of the time u can already smell it in the hall amp down the stairs
 i seriously sound like a 60 year old smoker when i wake up not kidding at all  its so bad
 @batgar i feel like that article is looking for fire when there is no smoke.
 my hair smells like smoke 
 holy smokes 
 ahhhh the smell of weed that floats in through my open windows on a 60 degree day in downtown cleveland 
 i said ma yo house smell like weed she said you know its you mf whole room smell like the smoke shop 
 this weed that i got on me rn is hella dank like woah 
 someone on this train smells like fried chicken  weed  and fancy cologne.
 why tf does it always smell like weed here
 hmmm the fresh smell of weed 
 walks by smoker  coughs on purpose
 good weed  good friends  great money  great vibes 
 @lockinout congrats pal. smoke a stogie for me bud
 first day with the windows down and it took me less than a mile from my house to smell mad weed
 my blanket smells like weed 
 performing live at the world famous speak easy cannabis club tonight in colorado springs pull up doors open at 7 
 ill always remind you of good weed  good sex and good 2am conversation
 ill always remind you of good weed  good sex and good conversation
 these bad boys will be traveling hempstead turnpike starting in april.  
 this sounds great amp i dnt even smoke 
 my hair smells like weed and blunt. thanks hot box
 why does retros girls locker room smell like marijuana lmaoo
 maaan  i love the smell of weed before it turns to ashes 
 just miss seeing the purple mazda going down peachtree parkway with smoke blowing out the window and country music playing
 jacob cut and weedeated my grass today and i just love the smell and it looks so pretty now 
 @princesstiaaa oh my thank you right back atchya babe lets smoke sometime
 kid cannabis 
 @kathyprojo seems like we have no idea what is really going on in the state house and with our government. all smoke amp mirrors.
 missouri is still getting stuffed like a turkey  smokes like sausage  and creamed like corn. 
 its 3 hours later and my breath still smells like weed 
 @maxokream heard you was around town with the homie nick  wassup let me smoke you out dawg 
 once i get my family straight i just want to move to paris  make music  smoke weed and raise my kids till i die.wordupson
 when ur at ikea and it reeks like weed lmao ooo
 favorite thing bout waking up high is not having to smoke again. you already feel like you got resurrected by some dragon balls.
 still plan to smoke weed  hiding from the police...
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..hemp plant exposure..use..reported..increased f 
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..hemp plant exposure..use..reported..increased f 
 so to nirvana smoke shop for the badass piece.  
 the weed store is a lot different than our weed stores back in washington. exploreyourworld 
 .@deacfan73 @bloggersodear holy smokes. you are a diplomat  an educator  and say god is great not sure god would like this tweet. 
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..hemp plant exposure..use..reported..increased f 
 @steaknshake so i went through your drive thru at 330 this morning some of your employees are sitting out front smoking weed.. not good
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..hemp plant exposure..use..reported..increased frequency dave h@ flickr
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..hemp plant exposure..use..reported..increased f 
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..hemp plant exposure..use..reported..increased f 
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..hemp plant exposure..use..reported..increased f 
 this weed smells good 
 @zeekthomas everywhere bro wendys on broad has open interviews on monday im about to try bibibop smokey bones o charleys chipotle and more
 @dougbenson we are all home sick with flu binge watching gdwh. you havent aged. we all agree weed is the fountain of youth.
 dudes act like they smoke but be so uneducated
 lol. demon weed makes the kids listen to that devil music and god forbid  shake their hips. 
 ulices chaidez sounds like a smoker lmao  
 my children relax and feel good everything normal teach them to stay at home if any of them on weed
 id like to thank not only god but jesus too that weed exists.
 what kinda weed is that  shit look like ground beef 
 so i opened my container that has weed in it and now my whole room smells  plus my dads home...... 
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 smoking weed is like 10 times better 
 because nothing says yeah im going to join this gym. like bloody harp girl and marijuana fashionista    who 
 because nothing says yeah im going to join this gym. like bloody harp girl and marijuana fashionista    who approved this @equinox
 canada out to be fully legal for weed but ny not cmon
 does smoking weed b4 a workout help out  the parking structure at my gym always smells like weed...
 sitting in my car writing a verse and my neighbor has come outside 3 times to smoke a cig. her lungs are the real mvp.
 a fucking smoked old fashioned 
 forever 21 smells like someone just smoked a bowl lol
 @whoiskanan its so good try t not smoke it all lol
 90 of the customers that come into finish line smell like straight weed
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 i smell marijuana everywhere wheninsb
 holy smokes  
 i fucking smoked to much and i sound like a frog  
 the elevator smells like helllaaaa weed 
 @janedmunds @patriotdrew idiots take a look at your ....in god we trust our that in your pipe amp smoke it trumprally
 quinns momman it sure smells like reefer out here @quinnkells 
 i miss my parents so much holy smokes
 only @bushellmike could let his house go up in smoke like this epicfail 
 thank god weed is legal here jijiji
 i live in cleveland ohio weed is. in process of opening store if i mail you a money order can you mail it to me   
 so like amanda and i decided to smoke at the same time and were like talking through our apartment walls 
 i need some weed and food  but i dont feel like going to danville 
 roses are red tint shampoo smells like weed 
 holy smokes  
 why is campus so dead  and why does it smell like weed. 
 quote of the night why does it smell like marijuana in here 
 this should be called marijuana locker. mug smells like all mary jane  @ footlocker 
 holy smokes hotieee 
 cover your ears this weed loud af
 yo this kid is the second coming of jesus. holy smokes 
 free smoke it seems like 
 im hella laughing rn cause when victor and squad came to smoke with me and shawn hella heads came out his van  whole lil mexican family
 my windows open and all of a sudden my room smells like weed  who in my white suburban neighborhood l.....
 my window is open and all of a sudden my room smells like some dank ass weed  who in my white suburban neighborhood.....
 and it doesnt stink like weed and they dont throw trash all over  like the 5  democrats left 
 thanks to my stupid ass dog my house now smells like my family has been smoking weed all day
 left my car unlocked last night and i got in it today and boys underwear were in it and it smelled like weed. thx
 my mom pops up at my house today pisssssed bc my whole house smells like weed and trashed with cups and liquor everywhere i was like 
 @bambamamor ya just smoke and bump   we like to know whats going on in eachothers lives while listening to good music
 the kush smoker
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 thoughts so far re @chelseahotelto 11elevator is down and it is so slow 2our1st room smelled like smoke and dd had an asthma attack.cnt
 town n country smells like weed and sewage
 trying to enjoy the weather by having my back door open..but my neighbors cig smoke is wafting into my house 
 me it smells like weed in my rood justice it smells like weed in my eyeballs
 my room smells like weed because of the people downstairs 
 hella juiced   always wanted to smoke on my own strain amp now i can    powermoves 
 you know its a saturday night when you can walk through the halls of fox and all you smell is weed
 i never realized how much livernois smelled like weed until i drove down it with my windows down
 my bonnet smell like weed smh
 dude theres a weed shop  me lol where  dude that insomnia cookies place  .....i mean the one ive been to just sold cookies but ok
 holy smokessbxdbhdh
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 the tips of my finger smell like weed lol
 whole floor at row c smells like weed. great. 
 i literally sound like i smoke 3 packs of cigarettes a day
 bus smells like weed everyone blames jackie 
 people who like fancy coffee talk about bean varieties like people who like fancy weed talk about strains.
 i need some liquor and weed 
 you should be able to smoke in bathrooms and heres why if youre willing to breathe secondhand poop you can handle secondhand smoke alex
 gosh i hate the smell of cigarette smoke  especially when it gets into to my room@
 had to wash that smell of smoke out of my hair and now my neck feels like its about to break.
 seems like im the only one trying to smoke  chill and enjoy the night.  where every body at 
 this weed tastes like honeysuckles i luvs it
 when your tight with your neighbors and they dont rat you out that you  smoke in the house.  be that neighbor
 why do pretty girls smoke cigarettes it just makes you look ugly
 i feel like everyone drinks or smoke except me.
 i aint leaving my room again unless im trying go smoke
 we get it u smoke weed broski
 my room smells like sum ganja
 send me good music i feel like having a chill smoke sesh by myself.
 he said i look like an aristocrat when i smoke
 on the 15 minute walk back to the parking garage all i smelled was ass and weed. 
 walked into oneill earlier amp said that it smelled like weed amp the worked replied we blaze in the back. im off in 15 if u wanna join  oh
 @alyssaxcole sounds like fun   shall i bring a few pounds of weed
 i smell like fire smoke
 the smell of new yorks night life straight up dank ass weed
 omm im allergic to weed
 holy smokes
 the 2 best things about living with my grandma  im able to poop and smoke a cigarette simultaneously and get hella baked in the basement
 how can i make a room w no windows stop smelling like weed
 plot twist my dad never sleeps and im never going to smoke that blunt
 i need smoke whoa whiqa whoa
 room smells like weed mom it smells good in here me 
 it smells like hella weed in the hallway of my apartment. @ my housemate why arent you sharing
 when i smoke outside my moma think its a skunk outside  ion know how she be smelling it
 my hair smells like straight weed
 now she think the neighbors smoke 
 a kid like me  im always on my grind 247 bitch you know where to find me a kid like me  smoke a lot of pine 16 wraps thats 32 to light
 my throat feel like i smoked 15 blunts tbh
 just smoked my head off a light and fell down the stairs happy birthday @tweetlikeagiri 
 no victory is music for people who smoke cigarettes inside their house
 my braids smell like weed 
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 my room has always smells like weed and lovespell
 cool my whole bag smells like weed  lovely
 somebody in this complex smoking some loud ass weed cuz i smell it all in here
 holy smokes
 i like the way this weed taste like a mf
 i like weed it makes me happy
 i hate us  called an uber to go pick up weed
 i just like to eat and smoke some good tree on my down time .
 we had the doors open at work and then out of no where it smelled like weed and this lady was like oh whats that smell 
 smoke weed  can put me on good ass music n got my back definitely a keeper but where she at thoe 
 casually wakes up at 1 am to get a drink just to see my neighbors house on fire and my entire yard filled with smoke
 i feel like i will never get the smoke smell out of my hair 
 holy smokes 
 idek if the weed smell out my room cause i cant smell shit
 i was outside smokeing minding my own bussniss and a skunk tried to eat me
 i smoke mad kush yo
 i just wanna know why it smells like straight weed in my room
 ive come to the conclusion that all of california reeks of weed and every other smell in the state is just covering it up
 true when i smoke well vape actually most but ssd or any my own  u know mix of things n music playin is like walkin on water floor waves  
 my brother stays making the house smell like weed lmao
 i think i left some weed in my dirty pants  my dryer and clothes smell dank now
 i hate going to clubs and leaving smelling like smoke.. 
 construction on meadowbrookstateparkway both directions from exit m4  ny 24 west hempstead turnpike to exit...httpst.cojgqujmlvhl
 construction on meadowbrookstateparkway both directions from exit m4  ny 24 west hempstead turnpike to exit...httpst.codmd3ntyy6i
 construction on meadowbrookstateparkway both directions from exit m4  ny 24 west hempstead turnpike to exit...httpst.cobqazptedkk
 construction on meadowbrookstateparkway both directions from exit m4  ny 24 west hempstead turnpike to exit...httpst.cowsnlynddpn
  these guys are across the street and theyre like i smell weed  is that you
 no idea what weed costs  but at the rate that the kids next door smoke i cant imagine theyll ever move out of their moms house.
 i didnt even get a chance to smoke with jessica before she left
 i am literally watching a show where they are teaching how to make an entire meal out of weed infused foods. i need cable
 my @steaknshake burger smelled like weed last night... lol
 kid cannabis
 kid cannabis
 gym then smoke. or smoke then gym orrrrr smoke then gym then smoke.
 im sick but wan smoke and im not walking to the store so i guess im smoking doobies today
 maybe if i learn to sing raspy like ganjasufi  i wouldnt always feel so fucking poopy
 cleared construction on meadowbrookstateparkway both directions from exit m4  ny 24 west hempstead turnpike to exit m6w  southern...
 cleared construction on meadowbrookstateparkway both directions from exit m4  ny 24 west hempstead turnpike to exit m6w  southern...
 clean my car out. pick lari up. smoke. gym. smoke. go see tippy. smoke. yoga. chill.
 michael smelled like a cigar yesterday amp i loved the scent. hed smoked one for his birthday. he smelled sogood though. i kept sniffing him.
 i feel like if weed was legal in texas my mom prolly wouldnt be as mad about me consuming it
 whats up around kalona today looks like fog and smells like smoke.
 ill tap the break while you crack the window  the smell of smoke is making my lungs explode. 
 cant wait to binge watch bates motel amp smoke a couple blunts with oomf 
 how are they supposed to smoke kush  
 my room smells like weed cause i smoke weed  
 update construction on meadowbrookstateparkway both directions from exit m4  ny 24 west hempstead turnpike to...httpst.codmd3ntyy6i
 update construction on meadowbrookstateparkway both directions from exit m4  ny 24 west hempstead turnpike to...httpst.cojgqujmlvhl
 lol this man just said  nobody likes weed like me
 i skipped the allstar game for a real vacations  i really needed this. good air  amp good weed  
 holy smokes 
 im smoke this kush till i passed out
 holy smokes 
 having my hair and clothes smell like smoke from a fire just makes me beyond excited for summer
 @kevin69  happy birthday g  hope you enjoy your day  drink amp smoke responsibly man 
 look good feel good smoke good. get to the bag whichever way.
 i smoke so much that if you whereyo walk in my room youd probably get high
 i look good ..i dress good i smoke good weed...so do not call me if you not giving up that good pussy
 my hair smells like smoke amp im pretty sure i still smell like vodka lmao done
 i left some weed in my momma car last night and she came in my room yelling talking bout im fucking up 
 im like 15 days in with no weed.
 i put an air freshener in your car btw cause i can still smell the weed ok mom
 my hair smell like straight weed. 
 @littlenickixo @ctsmoke thank you  smoke
 the fashion outlets parking lot always smells like weed when i pull up
 my house smells like weed and i cannot figure out where its coming from
 this weed taste like dreams
 i wonder whos been smoking meth and whos been smoking weed i can taste and smell both off and on 
 theres no better smell than sunscreen and weed on a beautiful sunday afternoon 
 had a dream maddy stormed in my room at 130 in the morning yelling at me bc the whole building smelled like weed but that was real life.
 woke up smelling like crown  dr pepper  smoke  and my perfume. how fucking lovely.
 never smoke while hungover just made me even more sick 
 @quesook holy smokes id pateron that in a heartbeat lt3
 i feel like no one can out smoke me amp my friends
 im at black dog smoke amp ale house in champaign  il 
 @okayultra @comfortablysmug @sknthla @elonmusk his mind is a walled garden  who knows what weeds grow there.
 whats a good place you can walk and smoke like a trail or somethin
 my room so smoked out  good sleep coming 
 i love my grandma but i hate smelling like smoke.
 @hollytwolf holy smoke
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 and they get another goal. 20 whale now less than 3m into game.   now 30 holy smokes ct came to play.
 driving through elmwood park smells weed
 straight wit the weed and liquor these days. cuz the new drugs got the kids trippin these days
 why do i smell like weed in my work clothes
 2nd stop @ mables smokehouse amp banquet hall  @mablesbrooklyn in brooklyn  ny 
 my future house has to have a smoke room.. issa must
 kodak moment when you smoke a cigar with your grandfather 
 i wanna live like sosa smoke like tony
 hella people in venice are trynna sell me weed lmao
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 literally never fails that when its nice amp i open my windows  the neighbors burn shit amp now my whole house smells like smoke 
 i still smell like smoke from the bonfire  fack it 
 today i figured out that if i put a candle in my closet it can cancel out the smell of my neighbors smoking weed on the balcony
 bus went from smelling like piss to weed wtf
 my mom asked me for a lighter like i smoke
 introducing the kush candle for when you want to smell.  like weed  but you dont want   to smoke it  
 holy smokes 
 until a few years ago i thought that the weed smell was just what dreadlocks smelled like.
 i feel like a bag of weed luke murphy
 annoyed i didnt bring any bud with me. its a nice day to walk and smoke.
 @22sounds he never be there an smoke all his bud an he like im good lol   singlemothers realhoodchic
 bruh all this bullshit just bc the car smelled like weed
 the house smelled like a weed farm
 holy smokes 
  thx boo bear  lets smoke a plant soon @hushdegod 
 me after i smoke some good good 
 told tha docta ima healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 but the yellow book app attached 2 my device it comes with the yellow pages.  it work go weed restaurant 
 do u ever think oh its ok i dont smell like weed and u walk into a room and everyones like 
 @samrellim are you upset because u smoke cigarettes
 cheech ampamp chong up in smoke  lets get chinese eyes mannnn 
 if u think i look like i just smoked 2 fatass backwoods yea
 lol it smells like weed on this road
 skunk or weed 
 when you can smell your weed and its smell is suppose to be contained within my box
 police pull me over say we smell like weed
 and get pulled over smelling like weed. 
   the whole detroit  smell like bbq and weed  today
 ugh i just want some good music and good weed
 about to smoke in my car and listen to music. hate being by my lonely
 lol @ my sick mom  who sounds like shes smoked a whole pack of cigarettes  yelling at her deaf dog
 fern dog really just named his weed plants 
 smells like someone lit up a whole field of weed outside bdubs  nice
 why the fuck would god make a natural anti anxiety med in the form of a smokable plant and then say dont smoke it wtf
 this weather sounds so great to smoke in 
 my ra is gone for this weekend and so my floor smells like weed lol 
 @amctalkingdead @walkingdeadamc so thats where the smokey and the bandit wound up thewalkingdead
 @undeadwalkingfs  its smokey and the bandit  trailer
 what thewalkingdead showing snowmans trailer from smokey amp the bandit @walkingdeadamc @amctalkingdead 
 @thewalkingdead smokey and the bandit
 did they just have the ambush set up by smokey and the bandits trailer twd thetalkingdead
 @walkingdeadamc isnt that the trailer from smokey and the bandit
 @walkingdeadamc @amctalkingdead anyone else notice the semi trailer on walking dead as being the old smokey amp the bandit semi trailer
 thewalkingdead is that the snowmans trailer from smokey and the bandit
 @scottmgimple was that snowmans trailer from smokey amp the bandit twd
 nice smokey and the bandit nod @walkingdeadamc
 @walkingdeadamc @amctalkingdead anyone else notice the semi trailer on walking dead as being the old smokey amp the 
 @walkingdeadamc was that the trailer from smokey and the bandit thewalkingdead
 @thewalkingdead  smokey and the bandit semi trailer. nice touch
 twd was that the trailer from smokey and the bandit
 so the smokey and the bandits 18 wheeler trailer is on the walking dead... lol
 anyone else notice the smokey and the bandit trailer thewalkingdead
 @amctalkingdead was that the actual semi trailer from smokey and the bandit that daryl and richard fought beside freshbuzz
 thewalkingdead talkingdead nice usage of the smokey and the bandit truck.
 was that the snowmans tractor trailer from smokey and the bandit thewalkingdead twd 
 thewalkingdead. wtf smokey and the bandit
 the cooks smoked and the entire kitchen smells like weed lol
 hey  that smokey and the bandit trailer was just in thewalkingdead twd 
 that was the trailer from smokey and the bandit thewalkingdead
 anyone notice that the trailer behind daryl and richard was the  one from smokey and the bandit easteregg @walkingdeadamc @amctalkingdead
 the walking dead throwing it back to smokey and the bandit. twd 
 was that cledus truck trailer from smokey amp the bandit in thewalkingdead 
 @talkingdead was that the semi trailer from smokey amp the bandit 
 @twdfanpage  smokey and the bandit trailer as the background daryl is carols bff
 thewalkingdead smokey and the bandit trailer though
 @walkingdeadamc my hubby @davewattz68 asks if this is the trailer from smokey and the bandit...
 @walkingdeadamc meets smokey and the bandit 
 the truck is from smokey and the bandit. twd 
 freshbuzz smokey and the bandit trailer daryl fight
 @amctalkingdead love the smokey and the bandit trailer in the background
 @thewalkingdead did anyone else recognize that semi trailer from smokey amp the bandit 
 @walkingdeadamc nice use of the smokey and the bandit trailer
 @walkingdeadamc nice easteregg with the smokey and the bandit trailer smokeyandthebandit burtreynolds 
 @walkingdeadamc anybody notice the trailer 18 wheeler was from the movie smokey and the bandit
 watching indian and the cupboard...holy smokes man childhoodmemories
 love the smokey amp the bandit trailer in @thewalkingdead is that a trans am on the other side of the road looked like it childhoodmemories
 anyone else notice the truck trailer where darryl fights is the same as the one from smokey and the bandit @walkingdeadamc @amctalkingdead
 @amctalkingdead is that the smokey amp the bandit trailer is it filled with coors light twd talkingdead
 icymi the smokey and the bandit truck was definitely in the walking dead tn @amctalkingdead
 @walkingdeadamc holy crap. that semi darrell and richard were fighting near was from smokey and the bandit 
 u already know we smoked at 1214  @ distillery district 
 holy smokes 
 my hoodie smell like weed.
 is the truck daryl and richard are hiding behind the same truck jerry reed drove in smokey and the bandit @walkingdeadamc thewalkingdead
 @thehill hes in the weeds. just like his socalled presidency. in golf  or in life  not a good place to be.
 okay im like 98 sure that the walking dead just had the truck tom smokey and the bandit in it
 im fina smoke that shit by myself 
 someone smoke some kush with me
 thewalkingdead the trailer from smokey and the bandit 
 @amctalkingdead is it just me or was that trailer from smokey and the bandit that daryl was fighting behind thetalkingdead
 i hate smelling like smoke
 freshbuzz @walkingdeadamc @amctalkingdead digging the smokey amp the bandit trailer oldschool easter egg 
 husband noticed smokey and the bandit truck thewalkingdead 
 the smokey and the bandit trailer on @walkingdeadamc
 @amctalkingdead is the semi trailer used in this episode the same one from smokey and the bandit
 thewalkingdead smokey and the bandit shout out love it
 why does someone always smell like weed on the bustrain.
 @thewalkingdead  was that the the semi trailer from smokey amp the bandit
 notice that the trailer in walking dead was from smokey and the bandit
 that moment when the birthday reveal is over and you have 67 and no booze or weed tincture to use. and the dog with a bone is no help. 
 ever light a cigarette and it smells like weed 
 black and mild smoke make my nose hurt
 i dont even feel gross  my voice just sounds like i smoked ten packs of cigarettes a day for 10 years straight
 it smells like weed  oh wait thats weed. my college experience thus far
 my dad literally wants me to move out because i keep coming home smelling like weed.
 so confused why my hands smell like weed.
 if you ever find yourself in san diego..stop by amp enjoy the live music amp smoke. when i was in usn amp smoking a 
 i swear our whole building always smells like weed
 never smoke fernijuana kids
 thewalkingdead @amctalkingdead homage to smokey and the bandit when daryl whoops richard.  bandit snowman burtreynolds jerryreed
 is there a movie where seth rogen doesnt smoke weed in  
 @nypd26pct tonight i watched someone smoke crack right in front of a patrol vehicle on acp  nothing was done.
 my neighbor smokes so much weed that im pretty sure i just got a contact high walking past his door not really lol  but its that bad
 i dont like edibles they taste like straight weed its gross
 this steak look like a smokers lung
 thewalkingdead loving the smokey and the bandit trailer great cameo
 whooh  smokey and the bandits semi trailer in walkingdead @walkingdeadamc
 oh no never kill the scotch w water its definitely an acquired taste. also like to smoke while i sip on 
 24 hour smoke shop is not open. currently shocked  confused and hurt...
 always count on kevin for a smoke down
 watching the walking dead and i noticed the smokey and the bandit trailer at the beginning 
 i love when i have my window open and my room immediately smells like weed from the apartment below me. thanks guys 
 this girl on my snapchat put up a picture of her holding like 2 grocery sized bags full of straight up nugs. how can one have that much weed
 christine i feel like the way i smoke is like pokmon red and the way you smoke is like pokmon silver
 holy smokes 
 this is good weed
 holy smokes 
 i smelled weed and then i realized that its legal in boston
 making good vibe music for the people to vibe and smoke to is my thing man
 i love breathing in cigarette smoke through the open window when im trying to sleep.
 just tryna smoke and let my dreads grow
 how weed be doing that mysterious shit to you guys  mfs be tweaking like they off acid off weed man 
 holy smokes. 
 smokin weed on the beach as my mind workin like plato analyzing the world..
 pull up to the college smells like straight weed calilife
 my uncles all left outside cause they were gonna go look at something amp came back smelling like weed 
 this whole hotel inside and out smells like weed
 why does my room smell like weed
 smoking weed in my room not listening to music  dad hey turn it down in there 
 i love how the smell of marijuana gets in ur room when ur neighbor smokes. its so relaxing and his cough is great it makes me sleepy 
 my neighborhood stays smelling like weed 
 i binge when i smoke
 damn youre so sweet  like peach arizona lips on my cheek and the smell of marijuana 
 @walkingdeadamc smokey and the bandit cameo walkingdead thewalkingdead amc smokeyandthebandit 
 @amctalkingdead was that the semi trailer from smokey amp the bandit
 @amctalkingdead did you catch smokey and the bandit cameo thewalkingdead twd jerryreed burtreynolds 
 really tho who smokes nasty  ass  skunk smelling weed inside a hospital
 @hardwick smokey and the bandit cameo thetalkingdead twd 
 when the weed man wont text you back and youre sitting in traffic hella frustrated and you look over and hes rig 
 im deathly sick and all i want to do is smoke some weed
 my roommate has some random over like in my fucking living room. and i wanna go down and smoke wtf
 whole hall smell like weed 
 wearing less and going out more smoking weed inside the car doors 
 late night session at 11th street studios.  no interruptions jus good weed and good vibes. live 
 smoking some weed might make me feel better to produce again.
 i feel like its meant for me to smoke cuz even when i cant i can lol
 counting the hours till the store opens and i can get some smokes got damn
 why can everyone just smoke like me 
 i dont appreciate whoever was smoking weed outside my window at like 3 am
 why does smoke look so cool
 came upon this sign today. smokey bear looks like he just walked in on his parents making the beast with two backs. 
 i dont like the way weed make me feel  it make me feel like what is life 
 guys did they really legalise weed in south africa or is this guy lying to me
 my house smells like weed . courtesy of my daddy lol
 the smell of weed makes me sick now 
 god made cannabis. why do you hate god
 mcds parking lot smells like straight up weed
 @thornedbeauty when you smell like weed in public
 cant tell if it smells like weed  a skunk  or jelly shoes
 holy smokes. 
 i wish i could order weed through a website like dominos and then have it be delivered to my house in 30 mins or less
 i hate going into patients houses that reek of smoke and then i smell like cigs the rest of the day 
 we can go to the park after dark smoke that tumbleweed
 me i sound like i smoke 20 packs a day dad well  we should probably get you to stop because you sound disgusting
 god damn this subway car smells like a smokers lounge. yall got any air fresheners  @septa
 but then im like its all good im still blessed then i smoke a blunt  
 its always one it smells like weed ass classmate
 i love the smell of weed in the morning.
 if my kid comes home smelling like weed im gonna tell him hes a fucking rockstar
 i still smell like campfire smoke and i couldnt be more content.
 and how do you know what weed smells like  
 smelled weed in my apartment this morning. confronted my mom and she blamed it on me.
 burn it up and get a nice smokey smell in here and let that smoke go into the sky where it turns into stars. 
 @lilmsjac @lilpocketangel truth and honesty are like a breath of fresh air while in a room of smoke its like lies and deceit
 i need to fkn smoke amp my weed amp swisher in the car
 cigarette smoke dances back in the window and i can see the haze on the dome light
 every time i cough i feel like the whole class is judging me  like i promise i dont smoke cigarettes my bestfriend just likes to get me sick
 what is the henny of weed strains asking for my brother.
 the way weed makes me feel gt the way you make me feel
 nothing like a nice smoke and a delicious old fashioned. @ seven grand 
 warry billin up that backwood spilling mad weed on the floor
 lmao my barbershop smell like hella weed
 i sound like a smoker
 starbucks smells like weed and im@not sure why
 my whole roommy brothers room  smells like weed and im getting blamed for it ahh
 saginaw bathrooms smell like vape smoke cause thats all these white boys do here 
 the guy sitting next to me in my spanish class smells like he smokes 
 tai grabs @woodwardcopper holy smokes their park is on point thanks again ryansheetz for all 
  holy smokes   . what does your next eight days look like   shocking results  in 8 
 my nice bone straight silky hair smells like smoke 
 literally sound like i have a smokers cough right now amp i feel like im dying
 so i forgot my jacket smells like weed
 my little brother always talking bout weed 
 the beach smells like straight weed lol
 smells like weed at the field museum.
 some smells like smoke in my class and its so hot in here and im suffocating
 just bc i smell like weed dont mean i smoked it 
 someone smells like smoke in my class and its so hot in here and im suffocating
 my role m smells like weed. 
 trying to nap but the people in the room next to me are loud as hell and theres someone weed eating outside my window. fml
 my room smells like weed. 
 lmao it smells like weed in my literature class  someones getting lit
 my parents wont gimme any smokes today n im literally fucking dying like i need one so bad
 and i smell like a weed plant. young money motherfucker  where the cheese at
 for me  smelling cigarette smoke on campus is worse than smelling weed
 i need a cigarette and some milk but i dont smoke and im lactose intolerant
 anyone know how often dogs have to be put down because of weed killer poisoning friends dog has been sick for 2 weeks  stopped drinking.
 this helps to understand why i walk through a spiderweb every morning. holy smokes. 
 this pesto chicken tastes like weed
 feel like the smell of weed is permanently stuck in my nose.
 my weed make you dance with the stars ....
 can all mondays look like this @ weedon island preserve 
 love the smell of weed
 smelling too much weed here 
 my vagina smells like weed lol 
 jonathan the only nigga im scared too smoke with feel like ill go into kush coma 
 sick as a dog  cant smoke  need edibles  
 i literally smoked not even a pack before i stopped i said bye. it left the most disgusting taste in my mouth for like 3 weeks rip
 holy smokes...literally 
 some girls like dates i like smoking weed and listening to music
 my mom tried to bake cookies and now my entire house is filled with smoke.
 pills of weeds in february trying to take my yard back and make it a bit more disney like 
 265 smells like straight weed
 that sounds like something a cop would say when they smell marijuana 
 i smelled smoke when i left my clients house here in fort lupton. did not smell it when we got here at one. 
 larry david buying weed from hurley
 when i smoke crack i put it in pita so its healthy @jimgaffigan
 twd no one is mentioning the snowmans semi trailer from smokey and the bandit.
 holy god my crohnsdisease is wrecking me why are people blocking medical cannabis gt.lt
 the moment i walk in the house from work my mom hands me a tank top that says real mermaids smoke seaweed my life is complete 
 im at jet wash in hempstead  ny 
 i smoke in my room  im grown
 maybe im at the store for a reason this week so they can weed out the weak at mac road 
 me i hope my boyfriend doesnt smoke my brother what about vape
 look at this hot momma @ old smokey mountain moonshine distillery  
 look at this hot momma @ old smokey mountain moonshine distillery  
 my purse smells like weed and mint gum
 like its so nice out to go on a walk and smoke some
 lmao 6th floor stay smelling like weed
 now i got da whole house smelling like smoke
 im so sick of smelling weed....coming through my window im trying too stop smoking not continue...lol  shit...
 when @pittfb players smoke that good kush in front of ur dorm gtgtgt 
 holy smokes 
 holy smokes  
 lol why does my straightener smell like weed
 . vt house speaker @mitzijohnsonvt weighs in on marijuana  budget disagreements with @govphilscott vtpoli 
 anyone got a fire scanner for stratford lots of sirens and smells like smoke outside near downtown
 do i smell like weed or is it the customer a memoir of every cashier
 dear neighbors if youre gonna smoke in your apartment please open some windows so that the whole floor doesnt smell like weed. k thanks.
 i like smoking weed  i like getting fly
 this patient at my work decided to sit in his walker in our patient bathroom and smoke a stogie in there with the lights off 
 i sound like a man thats smoke for 63 years
 smoking out da bag will smoke a whole zip lock
 this weather is great amp all  but there are weeds growing in my yard. its february.
 i eat hella kale amp smoke hella weed amp still say hella in normal conversations whatami  
 thank god its almost 420 now i feel warm safe  and secure. weed needed now more than ever.
 trespassing isnt bad. i could be  like  on weed. @brookevic
 look how fucking cute my dog is pt. 2 the weed nap strikes back 
 my voice sounds so dry and raspy rn i sound like i smoke 10 packs a day
 sourkraut smells like fucking weed
 my mom tells me i smell good after i walk in every time i go to my car to smoke 
 it smells like weed in my house and it wasnt from me this time 
 i did henna on myself and it kinda smells like weed and i keep forgetting its there and messing it up 
 me im gunna... audition for this voice role neighbor starts weed wacking outside my window me ...huh.
 your car smells like marijuana yea okay dad
 white widow haze is my least favorite type of weed idk how tf it won the cannabis cup like its good pero no es pa tanto 
 is weed considered a sports enhancing drug in pro gaming because im like 10x better at cod when im stoned
 this sound like a new weed a dealer prompting 
 gf enzo sounds like some really bad weed wweraw
 people who smoke mid always smell like straight ass
 you grow up and smoke cigarettes like a respectable adult 
 it is so inconsiderate to come to school smelling that heavy of smoke  like just no .. cigarette smoke at that
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli.
 what is the smokey and the bandit semi trailer doing in @walkingdeadamc  i guess its georgia...
 i know these people looking at me crazy i open my purse now it smell like weed 
 i aint left my room unless it was class  weed  or food 
 why does everything here smell like weed
 my sweat smells like weed rn 
 update delivered there again tonight and sadly they no longer tip in beer and weed  but the plant has grown about 
 this weed i have legit tastes like blueberry pancakes
 im the type that smokes a blunt and bakes cookies  someone might like mee
 nothing would make me happier right now than being all to smoke responsibly in my room
 i dont smoke any more but i love being around loud bc of the smell
 the hallway leading to my apartment is smokey and smells like totinos party pizzas. go ahead  ask me if im mad about it.   im not
 let the lead actor on set borrow my jacket and he gave it back to me smelling like weed lmao
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 my daughters boyfriend looks like john legend man  holy smokes
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 your mind is a garden. your thoughts are the seeds. you can either grow flowers or you can grow weeds. quotes 
 i am so sorry  steven. because of marijuana  my whole life is like that film  memento.
 my neighbor always smokes and the aroma comes into my room like wow 
 life is about sharing  things i d like to say to the guys smoking weed in the 24 lounge.
 im genetically predisposed to smoke kush and like spicy food...   i cant help it
 i lit five candles in my room to kill this weed smell
 cant never smoke in no cars  houses  trailers  nothingggggggg
 the dude standing right in front of me at the airport reeks of cigarettes. protip dont fuckin smoke cigs  kids
 only in la does the gym parking lot smell heavily of weed 
 most of us  smoke that loud kush so we stand out
 bsing this cannabis article analysis like a pro 
 theres someone outside the lifts on our floor smoking weed ffs
 i smoke amp listen to music.   vibe 
 she look like she smoke mid anyways ...
 baggins does not like that our neighbors keep setting off their smoke detector... 
 just met my neighbor over him knocking on my door for some weed  i love it
 @princessleelaah we had an old downstairs neighbor and he used to smoke pot all the time. lol anytime you go into the bathroom you smell it
 room smellin like smoke guess thats why they call it byrnes
 room smellin like smoke like  the dangerous kind not the drug kind guess thats why they call it
 they dead left me stranded like i guess lu dont smoke 
 hunter sexton was going to buy me something that would shock me  sex toys  and marijuana for my birthday wtaf
 i smoke broccoli
 im so glad its gotten warm enough for people to smoke weed beneath my open window. i love it when my room smells like a jam band concert
 does anyone smoke a cig cooler than kevin spacey
 when the weed man throw in extra @jayyloveee 
 you smell like a shit load of perfume with a hint of weed
 my chapstick smells like weed
 trying to find passion where there is no love left  is like trying to put smoke back into this cigarette 
 to my future kids if i find weed in your room  im smoking it.   
 yo @god i could smoke up there 
 all i do is look pretty amp smoke weed.
 good music  good weed  only thing im missing atm is my wifey @notoriousnan419 and this moment would be perfect. hurryhome
 this is how my mom implies that my car smells like weed and earl grey tea 
 smokin weed on the beach is like my mind workin like plato
 i know some whippersnappers are smoking weed on my hall
 my hair smells like weed
 when the weed is suspiciously good... 
 carmex a life saver when you smoke 
 when all else fails  smoke a bowl
 so i just went to taco cabana and ordered a salad bowl and of course i was smoke and the guy at the drive thur was like i like the smell of.
 jennifer only smokes out it grabba amp i really dont like it 
 sweater smelling like weed
 put that in your hot pocket and smoke it 
 ana and i went to the innout drive thru after we smoked in the car and the window guy said smells good in there. ull enjoy ur food 
 i legit brought my laptop to my car so i could smoke and watch netflix bc my roommate doesnt like weed haha
 getting plastic surgery to smoke kush better
 i need some weed ion feel like getting up though 
 she has a cool music taste n seems like a cool person to smoke with lol 
 i just smoked so i could go to sleep now my stomach sounds like a fucking lion why me
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 when your uber smells like weed  @deannewhenham
 this weed straight up smelled like beans
 why does the hobokenbound light rail always smell like weed at 6 am
 ill light up your life like a cigarette smoker
 yall. this bus that takes me from my car to my job smells just like weed. i cannot. 
 yall. this bus that takes me from my car to my place of work smells just like weed. i cannot. 
 why does he smell like straight up weed  
 looks like my smokey. 
 the kid in front of me and the kid behind me both smoke and im clouded with the smell 
 it smells like weed on the bus
 so sick of my house smelling like stale smoke and its not even mine... 
 i hate whenever someone just smoked cigarettes and they reek of the smell  because it gives me an awful headache
 wake up sick asl until i smoke that good good mystomachhatesme247
 looks like it rained weed in my car   how faded were we last night 
 woooow my room fucken smells like weed. my dumbass would forget i had it in my pocket 
 i love walking into the school bathroom that smells like weed trying to be covered up by perfume
 you smell like lush with an undertone of weed
 ricky williams was weed weird. arian foster is chai tea incense magnet therapy acid weird.
 history keeps coming back like weeds.
 its kinda easy listenin to tha gd up sound pioneer speakers bumping while i smoke on the pound
 it makes me so mad seeing people smoke with their kids
 if you a gymnast and you smoke  ........... ......... ...... ... ..  does that make you a tumbleweed
 feel good to smoke a blunt by myself 
 walked outside and it smelled like straight up weed lol
 the people underneath me chain smoke cigarettes all day and i cant even open my windows
 kid im nervous to smoke weed  me ur fine kid  hits blunt  kid ...imagine seeing mr krabs eyes after 7 years
 i love when i walk into the halls amp it smells like weed 
 women  weed  and wildlife 
 meechy light up the weed doe
 i think its funny when people get booty hurt when i dont let them smoke a cig in my car like nah
 like a weed lol good one @wfaachannel8 
 ...we must weed out hate  prejudice and evil 
 its it common for someones weed to smell like coffee lol thats what im smelling but ik its not coffee 
 my mom thinks its smells like weed so much in my car and i just dont smell it 
 good company  good vibes  good weed 
 cynthia you trynna smoke right now me no one chiefs anymore  grow up 
 im funny.. atleast to me. i can cook. amp i always have weed. how can you not like me lol
 i just want to go to good concerts with good people  smoke good weed and live a good life.
 the cla building smells like straight weed
 so i walk by this girl  and she says  oh my god you smell like good weed idk whether to be proud or ashamed.
 @vanessaveasley  a good mixture of both  they even have a smokers booth outside the building
 i dont think my grandma know what weed smell like cause i burned some lavender oil to have the house smelling good and she say its weed
 am i the only one that feels like the doctor thinks im lying when i tell them i dont smoke bc i feel like theyre low key judging me
 trinityturnerlive performing live at glamour girls february 23rd25th... 14428 hempstead 
 its smells like pretzels and marijuana in starbucks
 the kid in front of me has been googling how to grow cannabis indoors for the past 20 minutes hahaha
 god put the weed here for me and you
 light the weed instead of the candles happybirthday
 these one aint even smokeable. straight bammer. mids at best. 
 this starbucks smells like good weed
 this guy in my class smells like weed lmao
 trinbago woman have him..  addicted like hennessy addicted like weed
 when the fuck is nys going to legalize marijuana
 this dude never comes to class and the one day he do he smell like a marijuana plant wasteofeducation
 feel like im being a bother so ill just lay here in my tent and smoke
 this bathroom either smells like weed or nasty ass perfume . gtg
 at least my raspy voice makes me sound older  i think or maybe just like a smoker
 when i hear the expression put that in your pipe and smoke it im like if you dont actually have something for me to smoke then stfu
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 cats @ hemphill  jvv 4307 @onalaskaisd  ocatsbaseball cozy 
 i deadass parked in an empty lot smoking my weed and minding my business so why does someone have to park right next to me
 i was mad when i bought dis cus it was lookin like mid but it smoke like crack im high aab  i jus hate dark loud 
 whenever my mom asks me if my truck has gas before she uses it she really means  does it smell like weed
 network with legitimate cannabis professionals at  to make friends in high places 
 well im the soul train ride today everyone playing music loud it smell like weed
 @dallphamale @classicdamee @kutzbarstool thank god you found my marijuana cylinder
 mmmm nothing like getting on the bus amp smelling nothing but weed annoyed 
 if you smoke with your kids in the car  i have no respect for you at all.
 has never touched marijuana in his life pretends to know what is that good kush 
 kids who would drink and smoke during school never got any attention at home.
 if im out and public and i smell your weed and you smell mine  we automatically friends
 who wants to smoke a bleezy or 2 amp take my dogs to the dog park with me  
 chris brown needs to stop smoking weed for a sec and lay off whatever else he doing because he just doesnt look too good. like do better
 18 degrees out too high to go the gym to lift and do cardio stay home smoke and do yoga.   god i fucking love yoga.
 indiana house passes medical marijuana bill for epilepsy 
 holy smokes
 @rashadofficial weed and good music is all we need most times. add this song to your playlist too 
 just seen someone drop 6 000 on weed at the weed store. bro.
 wildfire continues to burn near hermosa  south dakota. it is hot and windy in the area  and looks like smoke over t 
 buds with benefits 5 ways marijuana makes us healthier  weed cannabishealth healthy 
 they be selling weed as extra crispy fries lol 
 lol he was like its whatever you wanna do guys  you smoke turns out he grows weed lol we all laughed and he gave us some tree 
 when youre rolling thru the park and all you smell is ganja..
 @petertaggart this is such a good podcast omgggggg. lauren weedman cameo
 the train smells like straight up weed lol
 when ur uber smells like weed 
 sounds like a weed habit 
 holy smokes kohl was muddy. cant wait until the round pen is good to go to work him. building that bond 
 my hall smells like christmas  an odd  but nice break from the typical smell of stale weed
 that moment you feel you need a cigarette   but you dont smoke    
 had a edible around 4 went to the gym at 5 came back to the crib a 6 weed hits me around 630 wtf lol
 amp i really dont care  i like to watch the smoke dance in the air
  everything in there smells like weed 
 my mom got in the car ampamp asked why the car smells like weed . oops.
 i walk in the house high asl and my dick ass step dad gone say it smell like smoke 
 why it sound like somebody getting smoked outside
 walks up to 10yr old neighbor  local hood rat  so this is weird  but do u sell weed
 @rothenbergespn holy smokes 
 cold air always gets the weed smell out the car 
 its smells like weed sooo bad in this uber  and i know hes high because he keeps asking if i can smell the air freshener  haha
 walk into a smokefilled room  no one could keep their eyes off you
 i like sleepy girls that smoke and listen to kid cudi
 my back is smoked i look like an old man walking around here
 @kamalaharris these asinine ice raids. oh and fillmore charging 180 to grow marijuana in your own home. that is a money grab.
 all i need is my weed and music and ill be straight
 @kamalaharris funny how fillmore is trying to run a cash grab on marijuana legalization. sounds fishy big time.
 i am cannabis   iamcannabis  thank you @gtwyinc for inviting me to your wonderful space and 
 ugh  cigarette smoke. no  thank you maam. 
 oh and  these lgbt rainbow weed gummies are hella stoney. 
 @beingdetained you can but amp smoke weed legally
 straight outta weed
 just walked from the front of my apartment complex to the back and i could smell weed the entire time. i live around some trap homies.
 if dreams come true ill be married to kal penn by the time im 35.  smoke weed when you feel like it moderation is a breath of fresh air
 theres a part in the 35 that always smells like weed
 music never disappoints. neither does weed.
 there has to be weed in my car somewhere... i can smell you where ya at
 everyone that smokes with cigarettes smells like my weird uncle.
 how you hot when you dont smoke   just like dad  candy cigarettes
 where is this passion anywhere else holy smokes 
 holy smokesssss  go @lantolock  
 lmaoooo your mcm smokes like a white girl.
 holy smokes wow congrats guys amp coach hayes 
 im trynna smoke but iont like smoking outside
 it makes me sick whenever i watch cops and they arrest a kid for nothing besides weed. disgusting. ruining lives over a plant. smfh
 the cops always act like they busted some big criminal when its just a fucking kid smoking some weed. go catch real criminals
 holy smokes what a save by mrazek. redwings
 i feel like thats what you from when you stole all the weed from matt so.. 
 i want to be a weed farmer 
 a rose like you could never fall for a weed like me
 holy smokes 
 why does she smoke weed like a port 
 @chaeronaea im laughing like an idiot after saying the same outloud in my own weedly voice
 marta smells like weed 
 the smell of weed bugs me bruhltltltlt hate the smell.
 i like good head i like good reefer
 ew  god.. old weed. bleh
 when you get invited to a smoke session amp you walk in smelling nothing but reggie 
 i feel like absolute shit amp winston weed is starting to make me sick to my stomach.
 all this fucking fertile land and im not allowed to grow weed.
 damn been smelling fire ass weed around me all day at work  just realized i half a fresh 8th of og in my pocket in an unsealed bag lol oops
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 baby that pussy too crazy put me to sleep like a baby  i like to smoke w jamaicans
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 update construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 adrian amp i just smoked a small infinity bong of the keef we had in our grinder amp my parent really trippin we didnt share like 
 holy smokes... the president is deranged. oh  have you all come to that realization already latetotheparty 
 it seems like the nicer the temp gets outside  the more our neighbor smokes in his apartment which flows in through our bathroom vents 
 i feel like carrie bradshaw writing about relationships n shit but i cant smoke cigs in my room lol trash
 out here playing bob the builder tryin to fix this window cause hoes are mad that their nigga smoked a blunt with me 
 all of my sweaters smell like a pound of weed 
 now it smells like weed
 yeah  rih a healthy kid. she smoke broccoli. 
 ready to retire in the mountains somewhere and have a dog and just read books  smoke my pipe and shoot guns...is that something i can do now
 i wish vaping didnt have such a bad rep bc vanilla vape smoke smells like a dream
 i think you should be more educated on the pros amp cons of marijuana. you clearly dont have a clue of how it works 
 my4wordwarninglabel dont smoke near me. 
 just went thru a roadblock high af and the cop said it smelled like weed 
 me amp lil bro smoke good blunts  we just bonding 
 good smoke. good drank. good music. good friends. good life
 @sarahrhatch seems especially silly when they grow here like weeds  does look yummy though
 my parents know i smoke but im still paranoid to smell like weed around them 
 my voice is wrecked and my cough sounds like a smokers cough im sorry
 straight up  good weed always puts me in a good mood 
 indiana house passes medical marijuana bill for epilepsy 
 indiana house passes medical marijuana bill for epilepsy 
 whos down to walk the canal and smoke right now
 smoking hella weed.
 i love weed soo much thank god for it
 craving some deep convo  good weed  and good music...
 ting to smoke out. 
 i only know a few who smoke like me
 i got hella weed too 
 holy smokes
 fyi smokey and the bandit is on rn.
 new york always smells like either weed or halal food.
 i smell weed in this house but idk know where it at
 theres nothing better than the smell of freshly ground up marijuana
 i like bonfires but fuckin hate smelling like smoke 
 i love uo  but why does eugene have to smell like dirty cigs and weed all the time. missin that small town fresh air smell
 @parkorova never to old to smoke weed in the bushes naked while the kids skate at the local skate park
 its feels good to have your own place amp just be able to smoke blunts in bed with your friends.
 portland was sick ... thank you for the hospitality. now off to weed california
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 @ivankatrump first church of cannabis state of indiana according to the religious freedom restoration act is also protected. god bless
 its 6am amp im fighting the urge to sleep waiting for the candle to take the weed smell out of my room.... what has my life come to
 breaking  smoke in the building  electrical smell. heritage asst living. 273 s peters. some internal evacuations. @rmfireknox
 how you could have a no smoking sticker but yur car smell like straight weed
 in kindergarten the cops came to my house because i brought weed home from the bus 
 good morning @govphilscott im voicing my opinion as a reg. vt voter that you should move forward with legal cannabis. thank you
 oh my god i absolutely cannot stand that our neighbor smokes right below my window i really dont want to smell your nasty weed
 need me a fly chick like this ooo weed is legal is colorado. sounds like a plan .. 
 its to the point where i strategically park my car so if they lose it around a corner i wont get smoked. that says something
 holy smokes. this person reeeeeeeally doesnt have a clue what the current job market looks like. 
 my co workers smoke too much i feel like im suffocating in this truck rn 
 hmm. the sweet smell of marijuana always calls for air guitar. 
 if youre near bank amp heron and smell smoke  dont worry  its just me as the @timhortons supervisor decides to do training with 10 in line.
 hated them you smell like weed kids in high school
 legal hemp global clean fuels for cars  millions of jobs  hemp farmers research distributors retail   hemp can he 
 warm mornings like these makes me miss leaving boces  skipping the rest of school to go smoke in my yard with @lexx112 senior year 
 the campus smells like weed
 this dude next to me smells like straight weed
 change in plans  because ableride stinks  @ uber in hempstead  ny 
 my voice is so deep and raspy and i sound like i smoke 20 packs of cigarettes a day bye
 i have to stop leaving my weed in my coat pocket cause now im at the orthodontist and its all i can smell smh
 i woke up and farted and realized oh crap its not a fart i had to crap zack smoker everyone
 @dawnlawsonaz 60s amp 70s even more so. i lived in a house of 7 amp 6 were smokers.i was the only nonsmoker. all 5 kids havehad lung diseases
 my cough is so bad it sounds like a smokers cough and my chest hurts so bad from coughing 
 my cough is so bad it sounds like a smokers cough and my chest hurts so bad from coughing 
 jacob  baby your theme on ig is weed
 when the guy next to you smells like a bad combo of weed and earring backs ltltltltlt
 just did open house for my sons kindergarten. wheres the roof where i can go to smoke pot
 @rynegregory i never understood the obsession... lets blow this fake smoke out of our window of our dropped car like its cool 
 in desoto blowing og i dont smoke no fucking purple haze 
 got out for a good  muddy hike the other day along the smokey hollow trail out near hamilton  
 just gave my brother dog  some weed
 thank god for weed
 how do i learn to grow weed
 i really love when ppl walk in front of me and blow their cigarette smoke in my face
 the weed sniffing dog gave me an extra sniff 2day at south station. ran over and gave me an extra  bonus sniff. aw gee he was cute tho.
 i need to wash this jacket because it smell like marijuana 
 just an open minded outcast smoking weed and making weapons while dancing to pirate music. 
 ik its 1100am but i really just wanna a chick i can smoke and vibe wit on the daily and they better have good taste in music 
 bout to go to my boy nicks house smoke a blunt
 being able to smoke in my own room is amazing
 i went outside and smoked my black  i wonder if you can smell it in this break room. 
 my back pack stays smelling like weed 
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 i either smell heavy weed or a skunk very close by
 it feels better when you actually inhale the smoke 
 thank you  god. thank you for guiding me to having goals and aspirations. thank you for weeding out negative people in my life. thank you
 im tired of smelling like seasoned noodles and weed
 my earring smell like straight up weed lol kinda sus
 but want to say wheres the weed your car smells like weed you just came off of high st  do you know anyone up there 
 grandfather lights cigarette in the car  second hand smoke is bulshit anyway 
 grandfather lights cigarette in the car  second hand smoke is bulshit anyway 
 when people smell like cigarette smoke 
 he said the other half of his bed still smells like me   the sweetness of my perfume and a little bit of weed   
 can someone please address the issue of my dorm always smelling like weed because im tired of it smelling like ass 247
 my dorm building hill house has aroma of weed and dirty socks
 i dont smoke pot but that blue bud looks like cotton candy 
 holy smokes 
 trinityturnerlive performing live at glamour girls february 23rd25th... 14428 hempstead 
 @kinginwithrome your gucci cologne smells like weed 
 listen to indie and go smoke in the sunshine   i swear it feels like the 90s 
 the guy sitting next to me in class smells like straight up smoke amp i cant 
 good place to smoke  
 montclair at cars lol shit was crazy nigga benz smells like hella weed 
 tried to work on my thesis today. . . but then the power went out and the building starting smelling like smoke. this is a sign.
 in the uber  on my way  nigga twisting broccoli. with my shorty  im no dog  but she pretty foxy  she dont smoke. she still rock my high
 me knocks on door guy smoking weed sup me im with the police jury... guy eyes get big oh hello sir.. me relax  it smells good...
 i feel like getting a bottle of wine amp having a couple smoke sessions.
 i need colored smoke bombs but its pretty hard to find firework stores open in february 
 you look like you do more than smoke weed but  
 thank you america for letting us poor farmers to grow some good white drugs...welding us to grow weed again
 i cannot tell if the guy in front of me on the train smells like weed or beer. either way  its making me 100 nauseous.  cologneisathing
 money on my mind marijuana on my taste buds
 it smells just like marijuana on the expressways out here.. hello denver.
 bathroom at school smells like weed 
 im at fresh grocer and an old woman deadass dropped her weed on the floor in line
 drops out of school to smoke weed for six months straight 
 when that smoker in your class walks in. 
 the spanish building smells like weed
 my dad borrowed my car and i hope he likes the smell of weed 
 my mom really hate weed like so bad 
 this really hot boy in my sociology class reeks of weed. i love it.
 does smelling weed make you high
 kids who smoke cigs are sus as frick
 that moment when your bus comes back to school cuz it reeks of weed 
 holy smokes 
 i see you live in canada. even more of a reason not to go outside to smoke. i hope your neighbors hotbox the  compl 
 someone just drove by me with their windows down and i can still smell the weed from their car. 
 i never get how people smoke with their kids in the car 
 loooooove the smell of cologne and smoke
 and whoever orders me a pizza gets a smokeout omm 
 @daycalligraphy holy smokes.....
 all this candy really helps me not smoke cigarettes .. this seriously feels good  
 act like you dnt smell like weed  a high niggaaaa
 you can put in a order for weed and a food run and get it delivered to your dorm room 
 holy smokes 
 downstairs neighbors when your dog runs it shakes our ceiling  dana well when you smoke pot we can smell it in our house  girl walks away
 my mom hates that i smoke but like i literally get high and like....study. lmao
 poof  up in smoke
 i be like weed or cigarettes 
 my down stairs neighbors weed stinks up my whole apartment but they are the only neighbors i actually like. 
 alex left my car smelling like weed 
 marijuana marijuana do you like to do to your mouth like to do to you
 @dportz here is some good music to listen to while you are rolling up the weed 
 @gothappyweed  here is some good music to listen to while you are rolling up the weed 
 @kontekstmusic  here is some good music to listen to while you are rolling up the weed 
 @dollfacex3  here is some good music to listen to while you are lighting up the weed 
 some tweaker jus came up to my car window at on the run saying some kids sent her to ask me to sign a medical marijuana petition ..
 i dead ass just reached in my jacket pocket and found a fat ass nugget of weed
 i dead ass just reached in my jacket pocket and found a fat ass nugget of weed
 walked in the spot smelling like ganja... walked in the spot smelling like money
 all this smoke cant be healthy 
 im a broccoli i smoke healthy kid
 hey dmv...can you explain to me why the marijuana smells like a dead rodent is it really good because im tired of the smell all over.
 all my makeup smells like weed cus i left a joint in my make up drawer while i was high 
 this woman beside me on the bus smell like weed and the fish market. its killing me. 
 i got high at my moms house and then forgot my weed in her bathroom. 
 i dont smoke  but if i did  it wouldnt smell like skunk
 its always something pushing back me getting my car. first monday  tomorrow  now god only knows when. like i need a car that doesnt smoke
 why does my car smell like kush i dont even smoke
 in the bank smelling like marijuana people like whats that loud aroma
 @dekkatunes this is why i dont smoke weed will hahahaha
 when you accidentally grow a weed plant in ur backyard 
 always know my brother is home when i walk in the house smell nothing but weed
 atlantic beach club smoke coming from the building 1393 beech street
 yo my purse been smelling like weed all week but i been like whatevs it always smells like that... tell me why i ju 
 out to eat amp this kid is a lil rowdy. mom yells at him  dominic do you see this youre the reason i smoke. im addicted because of you
 how do you leave the gym and then immediately smoke a cigarette like what
 holy smokes @legionfx rules
 smoking weed makes me more in touch with my emotions and makes me a wonderful observer  but im shitty at everything when im high
 all the people that come in to my work either smell like piss or weed or both 
  according to my weed pouch im out  dry  but i still have like 3 days left till payday like why does bad things happen to good people
 my neighbours smoke so much weed that i choke when i walk in the door.  thank god my apartment doesnt get hotboxed.
 all i gotta do is open my weed jar for a second  and the whole house loud 
 knocked over a bottle of liquid smoke while cooking and now i smell like bacon.
 holy smokes cuse wants to dance beats duke at the buzzer
 holy smokes  how bout that for a buzzer beater 
 my mom got in my car and was like oh it smells like weed in here i was like uhhh yeah wasnt me idk  
 trynna smoke but homie here dont so rollin up in the car is like a felony. fuck
  you can go to a liquor store and find out who sells weed and who fixes car  
 thank you to my weed man that makes me imagine come to life. ..... 1stlineofmyoscarspeech
 niggas be taking this whole weed name thing too seriously idgaf if its super mega trainwreck haze killa og kush its either good or its not
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke br
 im a man and ive changed but somehow when i smoke man i feel like im sober   
 it always smells like weed in my apartment wtf
 yes i know i smell like weed 
 @olivercutie6 shes going to grow like a weed 
 i smoke something that taste like fruit okkkayyyy
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 @dezdrew too much smoke imo. seems like he is going to sign with the lakers unless indiana does something drastic to get better.
 my weed spilled all over me while i was playing at the park also i lost a full pack of cigarettes
 finna smoke this blunt and be cool like always 
 that weed gone have you looking stupid like you lost something 
 overwhelming response to cannabis oil editorial 
 overwhelming response to cannabis oil editorial 
 pizza  music  weed  good friends  music 
 pizza  weed  music   good friends
 when you smoke and feel like you have a baby in your tummy
 stick arounddd just like cigarette smoke
 holy smokes. 
 i like that good time in my smoke
 i feel like all 1617 year olds smoke weed  my little brother is lame.
 i smoke a backwoods of the skunk fuck a swisher 
 i like my weed loud but prefer my music mellow.
 my room smell like gas and the weed not even out so to blood 
 i like my weed loud but prefer the music mellow.
 @jmartnyt @liberaljaxx 57 holy smokes.....
 if i still did reefers  id be writing a fan fic about this tattoo all night. 
 when a girl walks into the gym with her ass hanging out her shorts and reeking of weed smell its not a fun time. 
 one time i almost got grounded because steph and i decided to sage my house before we had guests over and the whole house smelled like weed
 wish i was able to smoke at home in my room lol
 smoke weed and make reggae music nigga what else 
 i vibe to my music on the daily  smoking weed occasionally
 you know when the window smokes your cigarette
 went to the weed mans house and he was very upset at me for slamming his grandmothers door.
 8th grade i got kicked out of a christian school for smoking weed in the bathroom 
 i can now just bump my music  smoke  and vibe in peace
 whats a stronger smell in my buildings elevator onions or weed
 we really turned on a whole bunch of candles to smoke in my room 
 binge watching weeds
 smoking good weed by the shoreline open up your thoughts
 but i hugged an old lady who couldnt get over the smell of weed permeating portland
 finna walk outside amp smoke  just bc the baby here 
 i said aint no music on she said no  that weed is loud
 asked the dude on my floor thats always wearing a hat with marijuana leaves on it if he ever smoked  he said he never touched drugs... 
 this weed smells so good
 like im legit upset i didnt have cannabis in college. 
 girl puts ex on blast about smoking weed she admits in the comments that she smokes weed deletes her comment to make herself look good
 you are everything that weeds and trees would like to be  like sunflowers when the sun rises you bring life to me.
 i get home and my roommates are like i got some weed if you want some and im just like 
 @markbreezy  said this my grandad  said i smoke like him  
 when people on the bart talking bout how it smell like weed and you just like 
 my manager just asked me why my bag smelled like weed 
 my room always smells like weed smh
 @yungdulchhh mama if the weed good you gone taste it
 stay groovy smoke a doobie
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 good music good weed
 i feel like im being harassed by this smoke detector for real
 my weed smell like poop rocks  my blunts extra fat like a tree top
 @disfordilaudid omg hahah doesnt everyone who went to high school know what weed smells like
 why does the bathroom smell like weed before 7 am hahahahah props to whoever is sparking up before finals
 i think i smell like gas   but i havent even smoke nun 
 it smells like weed on my bus 
 lol nothen but the truth  they made the weed man sound like he was an assassin when hes actually a cool guy lol 
 i smell like weed son
 the dude at dutch asked why my car smelled so good and i was like l m a o its the weed
 just want to hold bae  smoke and vibe to music 
 just want to hold bae  smoke and vibe to music 
 incident on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w1  brush...httpst.cobbcjt8pvly
 incident on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w1  brush...httpst.coge53cpfsgr
 cleared incident on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w1  brush hollow road sb
 cleared incident on wantaghstateparkway nb from exit w2w  old country road  town of hempstead line to exit w1  brush hollow road sb
 not sure whats happening on the causeway yet  but it involves smoke  two police cars  a tow truck and an ambulance 
 where the fuck these allergies come from im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli 
 nothing like starting off your morning with the smell of stale smoke on purple.
 cfd has knocked down a fire at this home off manchester ln. smoke visible. investigators on scene. @wsoctv 
 @cyfranck15 @bfhermes and you tried to do it in the house and i was like bruh we dont want the house to smell like weed  go outside 
 whats the weed like in england
 walked in and it smells like straight up weed
 the smoke shop exemption is a great idea. its just like restaurants having a liquor license. 
 no more rioting for them  now theyre facing and contemplating being sold in prison for store items and smokes let 
 wow theres just nothing like being woken up by the smell of cigarettes being smoked in the house 
 new york smells like piss and weed rn. and i drank too much beer last night and feel bloated. livefortoday
 it be like temple of weeds 
 if you take it you can make it @ nassau county district court 99 main st hempstead ny 11550 
 my entire campus smells like weed
 trinityturnerlive performing live at glamour girls february 23rd25th... 14428 hempstead 
 everytime i open my bookbag it smells like smoke.
 warrant recalls and unlicensed massage parlors @ nassau county district court in hempstead  ny 
 nothing like fitness 2k smelling like weed
 everytime my mom get a rental we smoke that bitch out like its ours 
 will watch weeds grow 
 i heard my breath watching this cause that battery smoke looks like itll straight up kill you 
 pocket full of weed pocket full if cash slingin hundreds will be the new country princes no good energy no bad energy just bigger than ever
 my sweat smells like weed honestly
 daddy leads the way....but will they follow @ echo park pool complex in west hempstead  ny 
 walked into my house smelling like straight up weed 
 i love when people that smell like smoke sit right next to me when theres 100 other seats in this lecture hall 
 hate when my hair smell like weed 
 told mama im healthy i smoke broccoli 
 it smells like weed in here
 examples its little kodak  the finesse kid boy who hot as me told the doctor im a healthy kid. i smoke brocc 
 just saw a van with smoke coming out of it. couldnt tell if it had broken down or if it was a cheech and chong situation
 example  its little kodak  the finesse kid  boy who hot as me told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broc 
 my senior year i got sent to metro because i smelled like weed .. 
 i would be so down to live on another planet  just to see what the weed is like
 i like my music like my smoke
 we all have garden of gethsemane moments when we want our way. the weed control is in the nevertheless god your wil 
 who sale weed and accepts @paypal 
 i lowkey be hella irritable when i dont smoke
 i fucking hate not being able to smoke at school  is this fkn high school orrrr
 accidentally washed my work clothes with a bag of weed... now i smell like weed and laundry detergent
 swear it just smells like dank ass weed in all of port arthur
 juggin round the bity. smoke extendos fck a mini 
 good sex good weed good life i provide
 holy smokes is this happening battleangel 
 my new gofundme marijuana dispensaryescape room. rooms have couches  escape has kelloggs cereal bar. call it mind fuck. escape
 when ur mom comes home while ur smoking weed and she says it smells like weed and you say how
 bro  this class smells like straight weed
 @hopegrown morning your organization looks to help people new to marijuana. know anyone who might need some visual content
 it must be a beautiful spring day and with weed being legalized nowthe aroma of weed in the air is strong coming from the commons
 smells like hella weed on the second floor..
 everytime im on ft everyone but me can hear my smoke detector like how 
 i love when its a good day outside and you can smell the marijuana smoke in the air 
  can i smoke it with the window down no nigga
 holy smokes 
 a true friend will drive an hour just drink in a dorm room  and smoke on dirt roads. 
 when i first met my boyfriend i could see his face for like 3 smoke sessions lmaoo
 this is old  but folks were upset about him smoking weed while im like wtf up w that flag @kingtunsil78 you ok 
 good weed  good music  good day
 im sitting here wondering who smell like weed on this bus.. whole time its me
 bro i smell like straight up weed right now at work my supervisor talking bout a skunk 
 i have a weird respect for people who chain smoke for the aesthetic of it. like youre literally killing your self to look good
 oneal always smells like weed
 states rights for middle school bathrooms  but aggressive federal oversight for marijuana 
 a girl in 7th grade got arrested today for having weed on her and in her locker. what is happening to this world
 this airplane smells like weed
 @youngthug my fucking weed smell like a tuuuurrdd 
 apparently  weed use is a national issue while transgender civil rights is left to the states because nothing mak 
 outside smells like weed   liquor and cheating 
 casual dad and son playing football outside while some teenager smokes a joint in his car a block away
 it smells like someone smoked a fat bowl in my bio class right now 
 just touched down...  where the weed at
 transgender kid walks into bathroom of choice and smokes a joint. statesrights notstatesrights
 whenever i smell weed on the street i suddenly perk up i dont know why oh my god do i have a problem  wheres the weed why no one sharing
 so its states rights about trans kids but legalized weed oh my god how dare u federal law
 riding my harley today thinking if i can smell this guys skunk weed  i bet a leo can too. sadly  if he pulls him  the leos the bad guy. 
 i need my voice back. i sould like i smoke a pack a day
 beyonce is smoke amp mirrors  with an average singing voice. taylor is a talented  writer and has a good voice. 
 when they came for the weed.....hell no. 
 this weed tastes like a capri sun
 walked in the spot  smelling like ganja.
 the legalization of marijuana will never make it to michigan and i just have to sadly accept it 
 my mom doesnt smoke  kinda conservative and christian but i want her to experience some live music and see what it feels like.
 albany when its warm smells like weed and the ending of misery.
 irony invokes states rights when it comes 2 protecting trans kids  yet states they r gonna enforce national bans 4 those who use marijuana
 on that old dirt road i lit my first smoke and i knew right then it wouldnt let me go
 @youngjermzzz im talking about you. i swear all you smoke is reggie and roachies.
 walk into the post office  two guys who reek of weed are cramming girlscout cookies into a flat rate box
 @zayforemperor @420girlstoronto  i am a mad botanist just no papers but im a savant really high iq  weed makes my brain work better  grammar
 my car always smells like weed smh
 thank god for weed
 i give my manager a ride to work   she gets in meim sorry it smells like weed in here
 holy smokes. bad move ut dude. 
 few too many cold smokes at lunch and lone peak seems like a great idea 
 playing with my money is like playing with my emotions smokeyyyyy
 there is a giant fire in logan and all i can see in every direction from my house is smoke
 my5wordhappyending i can smoke marijuana everywhere 
 the entire town smells like weed
 the entire wendys parking lot smells like weed lol
 do ppl who smoke cigarettes not realize their car smells like it  their house  hair clothes everything no matter what u spray bitch u stank
 @alpharequired does weed butter count extra or less.. 
 white house just likened marijuana to opioids.  they went there.
 i smell like fucking weed
 when you walk up to my building all you can smell is weed. im sitting outside doing homework and some guy looks up at me. nah  not me homie
 i need weed asap where the plugs in oceanside oceanside
 im at town of hempstead in ny 
 i always have to smoke when i read hella dumb
 y does he look like hes in the smoke circle at the beginning of an episode of that 70s show 
 idc left or right  it seems to me the only reason to further restrict marijuana is to keep pharmaceutical companies 
 watching perfection at work @henrysocialclub eatlocal buylocal drinklocal holy smokes good food 
 like we have barbecue places  but its mostly like  i guess we can smoke this or something but wouldnt you rather have some etoufee
 im still made some girl went into my class high af but she didnt even smell like weed she smelled like shit i almost died
 every time i get into my car it smells like weed and scented trash bags
 holy smokessss 
 my room smells like straight weed. 
 my weed man said he aint gon have no gas until the 1st...like what type of plug is cous 
 man  i got some expensive taste. cars  clothes  food  women  weed....pretty much anything u can think of 
 this is what a medical marijuana plant looks like 
 females are gods greatest creation.... and weed.... and blowjobs.. everybody lovesem
 it seems like the job creation the president promised will be from marijuana and immigration enforcement. resistance coffeeparty
 current wh priorities bathroom use  private forprofit prisons  cracking down on weed.
 this weed is so good
 @knnypls i feel that  idk im weird lol i smoke but i hate the lingering smell of smoke in homes or cars
 bro im really bought to fight my roommate... she got the entire apartment  all three floors  filled with smoke
 its like when the lights come on and  all the smoke clears im there...
 smokin hella weed 
 i get so excited when the weed man text me amp be like im outside 
 dont post your weed on snap if it look like stems and dirt
 my neighbor doesnt smoke anymore prob job or gf made him stop so weird so i gotta smoke on my lonely now
 im so high   and i keep watching this like who knows what im doing after i smoke this 
 girl look like she smoke cigarettes for a living.
 smoking hella weed in the room next door...caught a second hand high 
 when you in best buy trying to look at earphones and some lady asking the dude helping her why it smells like weed
 whoa smokey is right  drinking an 1516 by @gooseisland @ 1912 bar   
 but what does @snoopdogg have to say about the trump administration cracking down on legal weed
 like have town hall meeting @berniesanders and bust people. immigrants  refugees  medical marijuana users  lgbtq like to look in your eyes
 i can mr tell if i smell like weed or dog piss
 i cant tell if i smell like weed or dog piss
 rlly wanna call in a order for a quarter of some weed too like omg
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 everybody in trump office look like that racists neighbor that leaves noise complaints  and weed notes at your door 
 president trumps open door policy   via @aol your weed is illegal ban weed everywhere
 i woke up and it smelled like weed... i thought you were home my sister
 white house opens door to crackdown on recreational marijuana  the huffington post good grief. nothing is safe.  
 holy smokes 
 lets smoke out of the old bong  itll be like were teenagers again
 weed for my anxiety maybe but it just sounds like a sad reason to smoke it lol
 i smell like straight weed on the subway  whoops
 does a new study prove smoked marijuana is harmful  via @marijuanatimesx
 does a new study prove smoked marijuana is harmful  via @marijuanatimesx
 technically it was for smelling like weed 
 its so weird  the main girl supposedly 15 already had a nude scene and shes supposed to be our innocent hero   oh and she smokes 
 i like smoke better then air  if i could i would smoke in my sleep. i will still do it after it kills me.
 my hair amp nails smell like straight up weed  i just washed and straighten it
 the gym is my new marijuana
 if you smoke cigarettes stay from round me
 i feel like if you smoke cigarettes youll never be able to smell good until like a year after you stop. like at best youll smell neutral.
 @santana008 large collective group of water molecules  convertible  ingesting a particular strain of marijuana in an enclosed vehicle.
 ahahaha so i asked my weed lady to call me so i could go out rather than her ring the door bell cuz my parents are asleep
 like go out to your car and smoke it instead of hot boxing your bedroom
 i feel like im getting old i prefer to stay in smoke some and get some good food over the club lately 
 ... my room smells like weed. again 
 fina smoke a blunt
 three cops in the lobby  and a mixture of weed and adriatticos in the air.. yep  im back in canfield
 my ra looks like she doesnt know what weed smells like
 dude how many stains of weed do you have on you right now .... like 4... but i got like 7 different strains of dabs
 @ house show....  dude how many strains of weed do you have on you right now  .... like 4... but i got like 7 different strains of dabs
 ugh i hate when my brother walks in smelling like weed because the smell just lingers onto my blankets 
 why is this weed aroma wafting into my bedroom thru this vent hello neighbors dont make this my problem.
 as soon as @smervin626 got into my car my grandma said you smell like weed  you should of aired out more 
 my car and room smell like weed 
 why the weed looks like uh elote lol 
 white house opens door to crackdown on recreational marijuana    its states rights for lgbt but fed law on weed
 burning speakers have smoke coming out of it and its really hot mines did not occur
 major headache. about to smoke dro to make it feel better.
 im pretty sure my dogs a stoner he like sneezed in my face and smelled like weed that explains why he sleeps and eats all day omg
 when your uber driver asks did you just smoke. uhm  yeah.
 protecting trans kids is a states rights issue  but marijuana usage is a federal one the hypocrisy is endless. 
 minimalisticnakedfashion . @ the smoke room 
 aint nothing like this crisp clean country air cuz ...makes the weed taste better
 sos lightning just hit the house  everything blew out  brothers charger was split in two  and rooms smell like smoke. 
 hows your weed are you smoking good are you thanking jesus like you know you should
 my car smells like weed bad and i dont even smoke
 @ajbowen looking forward to hearing what your world smells and tastes like when the smoke wears off...
 i smell like meat and smoke @lukeprusinski @themaxisms 
 soooo trans kids being able to go the bathroom is a states issue but marijuana isnt alrighty then...... 
 fresh baked cookies  weed  cah  and bffs
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 white house opens door to crackdown on recreational marijuana  the huffington post 
 this is our holy smokes it could reach 78 degrees today amp it is february dance  
 headed out to hempstead this morning. why @firstclassbbq thats why @rodeohouston @fox26houston live all morning
 states can decide about bathrooms but not marijuana. pick and choose
 they came for the muslims they came for the trans kids they came for our weed send in the fbi after his ass
 vote to keep marijuana black market it is cheaper they smuggle heroin amp guns along with it and kids can still buy 
 white house opens door to crackdown on recreational marijuana   via @huffpostpol
 feds likely to target marijuana in states like washington  white house says  marijuana
 i vape. and people like seriously look at me crazy.  and i am even outside.  its not weed people 
 kid on the vocs bus i smoke so much weed i turned into a plant
 how do people smoke cigarettes in their cars with the windows up... or smoke them at all for that matter thats disgusting
 could never date someone that smokes cigarettes  id never be able to kiss you... straight ashtray mouth
 you can smell a cigarette smoker a mile away. i gag
 @realdonaldtrump thomas jefferson was an avid hemp farmer all naval ropes were hemp until nylon came through.. canada allows industrial hemp
 this will be a weird time.. i suppose this will weed out the differences between good it security practices and bad. 
 @realdonaldtrump can you do something useful like legalize marijuana nation aids please and thank you
 this is what a marijuana overdose looks like 
 rt | white house opens door to crackdown on recreational marijuana | 
 rt | white house opens door to crackdown on recreational marijuana | 
 sounds good on paper and smokey mirrors make it look good to 
 dont you love that the federal govt cares more about stricter rec marijuana laws than trans bathroom rights forthepeople hypocrites
 @starbucks my coffee this morning tasted like it had tons of weed in it.....hmmm
 either im going crazy or the school actually smells like weed everywhere 
 im so cool because i smoke hella weed at work
 it smells like weed when you hug it 
 white house opens door to crackdown on recreational marijuana   via @huffpostpol
 my uber driver is smoking weed with me in the car sos
 you literally have to be an idiot to be fired from a smoke shop  this kid is a joke
 my heart hurts ... the republicans come for trans people and weed all in the same week
 it smells like straight weed by the booking room
 i swear my dads hiding my weed in his car. it always be smelling like this since then smh
 this classroom smell like a whole weed shop
 the air of the future sure does smell an awful lot like weed.
 i smell like weed and boy ...
 i like smoking weed drinking water and going to the gym
 and then i look over at home and im like  where theres smoke theres fire and flip him off 
 @realdonaldtrump  why are you cracking down on marijuana. people like it and you supposed to give the power back to the people
 when your boss sniffs you and says       smells like someones been burning weed but your his best employee  
 long beach court 3rd floor  always smells like weed
 hes like the lighter to my cigarette watch me smoke
 really dont get why they bring the dogs like so what if theres a little weed in the car its not effecting anything while in the building
 @pattonoswalt sounds like my kid when i tell him he smells like weed. just blabbing.....blabbing....blabbing.
 holy smokes. 2011 report re sex offenders address listed as facilities inc a whole bunch for kids.  @cernovich
 about 25 of you smell like cat piss and 75 of you smell like a mix of weed and straight ass
 the smell of marijuana reeks off me
 holy smokes does vinny make good pizza 
 the smell of marijuana reeks off me.
 trinityturnerlive performing live at glamour girls february 23rd25th... 14428 hempstead 
 people that smoke menthol have the taste buds of a cactus
 he bouta peace out in his new crib and smoke hella weed to ignore all the shit he came back to. 
 my class rn smells like weed 
 trance music  weed amp adobe illustrator make for a pleasant morning 
 my teacher told me my hw smelled like weed
 fuck  my car smells like weed 
 regular weed smells like hot grease
 if you have children you shouldnt smoke in the house. im 3 rooms away and it woke me up  the smell and taste...how fucking gross is that
 if youve never smoked out your bedroom window have you even lived
 fresh air future is magnificent holy smokes
 went to the living room to smoke so i wouldnt wake up esau n 2 min later he follows me out like whyd u leave me maybe i dont need a dog
 love it when my golds taste like weed
 if you smoke like i smoke then youre high like everyday...
 her i only like guys who smoke me   
 i was on the metro minding my own business and this kid came asking me if i know someone that can sell him weed 
 i was on the metro minding my own business and this kid came to ask me if i know someone that can sell him weed 
 so to our neighbors who smoke inside their apartment to make ours smell like cigarette smoke.  so thank you now our place smells awful.
 im gonna smoke weed with the transgender kids in whatever bathroom we feel like.
 some girl just told me it smells like weed in the bathroom.. okay what you want me to do 
 this coalition is tryna enforce strategies to prevent marijuana consumption in schools. sounds like police presence.. not down for that.
 smells like someones straight up smoking weed in the hallways.
 my uterus and i would just like to thank god for ibuprofen and marijuana.
 the feel of the sun on my skin and the smell of secondhand weed smoke has me on cloud 9 
 hurts to smoke hurts to cough  im in actual hell
 @exquisite if you looking for some new music to smoke to  check this joint its perfect music to cruise to 
 @ddeessttiinnyyh scute  i think id be straight if i smoked this  jk
 smoke weed in the bathroom before class
 @cricricuriel tell me why that weed looks like an elote
 old white man to his friend as they walk past me jesus christ she looks like a piece of damn sea weed   me thank you
 i smell weed in my room amp i know im not tripping
 the cashier at the pet store was rocking full on  intense smokey eye. girl  you trying to go to the club with the dogs or something
 when the weed doesnt smell loud so youre skeptical  but after you lit it you could tell it was pressure 
 the smell of weed makes me have to 
 but really every time i turn my ac on it smells like weed why whyyyyyyyyyyyy
 you just smoked hella weed and youre still being a bitch hahahha done
  this is trump and all the white haired old men not facing the good  marijuana does  this is absolutely wrong to do
 shocked eb from lincoln to omaha is still open. holy smokes its a mess. 
 i just like to smoke and have a good time 
 i was like ma head hurt ma granny said your head always hurt you need to start smoking weed  bad influence
 it smells like weed in this target
 this is like a corn dog but made of the weed 
 who wants to binge watch oscar nominated film as we smoke this loud girl
 it feels good me and bro finna smoke at the park .
 a singer in a smokey room a smell of wine and cheap perfume for a smile they can share the night it goes on and on  and on  and on 
 whenever i smell weed i get so happy lmao
 wallingford ct  smoke showing from 2nd floor window of a 4 story elderly apartment building
 am i the only one that feels too awkward to smoke w their parents  
 thank god for @tmmaerke  @republicschools would be in the weeds without thomas 
 why do pot smokers always want you to smell their stash if i wanted to smell dried weeds id go outside.
 road trip im going to need weed and a couple of those yellow pills
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 debbie is out front weedeating with the front door open now the whole restaurant smells like fresh cut grass
 @lldzne yep. the weird is growing like weeds.
 caros hair looks so nice holy smokes
 thank you white house for standing up to the number one menace to society marijuana
 tastes like weed  drinking a thunder cloud by @churchbrewworks @ house of 1000 beers   
 my stepdad came up to my car and started talking to me. i felt so awkward because every bit of my weed stuff is out right now.
 so my new jockstrap from daddy @daddygangsta came today and i love them. they smell like weed and cologne lol 
 @angelhazes music is the type of music you can work out fight to or smoke to. one of the greatest rappers out there imo
 some guy came in while im working  asked how old i was  if i lived around here and then jumped right to do u smoke weed like ok dude
 neighbors smoking weed smelling like they grew it in a landfill. trashheapdope
 my manager got in the car with me nigga say smell like that loud amp black ice  dont know if its the weed or the air freshener
 who in tempe sells bud and why is it so fucking hard to get a hold of here its fucking weed  my god  im tempted to just grow my own.
 @jxmmi do you smoke pot
 since when can   dogs    go into the weed stores  
 @walkingdeadamc just re watched last episode was that the bandit trailer from smokey and the bandit making an apperance
 today i cleaned my room did laundry downloaded music went to the gym amp cooked dinner  can i smoke a blunt amp finish my tequila bottle now
 states rights for bathrooms  but the fed. government is going to regulate marijuana. man oh man.sheriff urquhart 
 and now she on me like a peeerrrc my fuckin weed smell like a tuuuurd
 arriving to promoters house instantly reminded me what i love about denver. good people doing good things  music  dog  weed  beer  ps4.
 mom gave me altoids for my car so my breath wont smell like smoke momoftheyear
 my beer tastes like weed
 trump trying to put hella restrictions on recreational marijuana 
 and the weed purple like a black girl pussy
 this weed taste like platinum
 bout to smoke hella backwoods this my last weekend smoking too.
 there is so much smoke  i think cheech and chong are in the wh.
 smelled so much weed in buffalo today 
 smell like straight weed
 walked into my room and that shit smelled like hella weed
 a little preshow smoke courtesy of nub @ fogue amp bates 
 my fingers smell like smoke
 backwoods are so gross to me  like if i wanted to taste stale booty cheeks when i smoke i would just smoke a straight up rello.
 walking into a smokers house makes me uncomfortable. if you cant step outside to smoke 
 just saw a guy leave his kid in the car while he smoked for like 5 min cmon bro
 the guy on the bus sitting in front of me smells like weed so much  i think i got high too.
 walking down chicago streets you smell straight weed
 blanding smelling like weed rn
 franklin rd and 12 mile smell like marijuana
 this is kinda weird. has a real light crisp feel to it then a very strong smokey note... gratzer 
 all my coworkers smoke cigarettes and have smoke breaks like what is this lol
 soon as me and @iciestballa got in the uber and the driver was like daamn yall smell like good weed 15 min later 
 soon as me and @iciestballa got in the uber and the driver was like daamn yall smell like good weed 15 min later 
 damn some good weed is calling my name  ive been so good though 
 what can i say shes a beauty tower garden... grow like a champ... smoke like a boss 
 just saw a car driving like 60 down the road completely smoke a kitten amp i literally cannot stop crying abt it rn 
 i really hate cigar smoke the smell is horrendous
 dog lmao i prolly sound like a crack head rn but im ready to smoke
 as soon as i went in my mama said i smelled like smoke 
 smells like straight weed amp tacos over here 
 this fucking store always smelling like weed
 this weed smells like a new textbook
 good smokeathon
 weed and liquor. liquor and weed.
 larry go to dr amen and check what marijuana does to the brain.  looks like a sponge. as a counselor you should kno 
 preston rd. be smelling like marijuana
 pure high grade bud sativa white widow strain popular in jamaica  gives farmers energy to work the ganja 
 bathroom weed  bathroom weed
 i smoked a few hours ago and my grandmother just came upstairs and woke me up to tell me she smelled something weird downstairs 
 i smell like weed 
 ang is legit high from the smoke from this fire
 i was on the phone with my mom and i coughed and knocked over a folded card full of weed
 my potatoes smell like weed
 we may smoke this whole zip
 my dick smells like smoke
 if i drive with my windows down on the highway will my car still smell like weed
 weed is so good for us like i have this pain in my lower back and everyday i wake up it hurts but then i smoke weed and it doesnt hurt.
 my older sister has never smoked a day in her life  but shes constantly trying to say i smell like bud when its actually just a skunk
 7 oclock is made for the simpsons and watching your boyfriend roll you weed
 7 oclock is made for the simpsons and watching your boyfriend roll weed
 whoever smokes me out can hang with all my pets my dog just got back from the groomer so he is very soft and smells very floral
 some old white lady and her kid just walked past my car while i was blasting earth wind and fire smellin like weed
 good smoke on a beautiful february night. winter my be escaping us 
 the whole mall smells like weed.
 if you smell smoke then you know im in the building
 you smell like weed
 drinking a smoke filled room by @hopbutcher @ white eagle south   photo
 incident on wantaghstateparkway sb at exit w3w  hempstead turnpike 
 incident on wantaghstateparkway sb at exit w3w  hempstead turnpike 
 goes into smokevape shop doesnt get carded  @boardergirl399 does and has to leave..... black power bitch
 can weed be legal yet so i can just walk into a bar and light up 
 update incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3e  hempstead turnpike to exit w4w  southern state parkway 
 update incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3e  hempstead turnpike to exit w4w  southern state parkway 
 i can smell those cigarettes that you used to smoke at the back door
 cleared incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3e  hempstead turnpike to exit w4w  southern state parkway
 cleared incident on wantaghstateparkway sb from exit w3e  hempstead turnpike to exit w4w  southern state parkway
 markcuban is losing his hair  and lorigreiner looks and sounds like a smoker. thank god elizabethvargas stopped drinking .  sharktank
 kawhi leonard looks like he chain smokes newports and listens to kevin gates all day
 oh man @cwriverdale is like @abcflyinggame high on weed and @plltvseries jacked up on sterioids
 music and weed is all you need...
 donnay  bro im trying to smoke a whole fucking zip bag in one day  me 
 my moms talking about how medical marijuana is actually good and its like hmmm lets smoke a blunt parents lol
 idk wtf this guy smokes but it smells disgusting
 i would really like to smoke some weed 
 can i get a weedman who doesnt like me 
 holy smokes 
 @minnie804 lol the kids got you like that. im ite. just doing my friday routine. reflect  smoke my meds  music amp blueprinting some plans
 when it smells like weed in starbucks and valerie amp i look like this 
 i lost like 5 followers on instagram from posting this on there so i would like to thank cpac for weeding out the h 
 the gemini  she likes conversation  90s music  laid back vibes amp weed...
 holy fuck my house smells like a weed farm
 i smoke broccoli it hurt my chest 
 when you smell something burning so you look down and see smoke coming out of your pocket  sick
 yeah if you could like not smoke in here  thanks.
 roastyourselfin5words  on weed  on ass  online.
 im legit worried about my friend shes survived ovarian and lung cancer and she smoked like 3 cigs in front of me.
 i real live hate smelling tobacco smoke 
 @chintskap marijuana . you burn it like a cigarette and smoke it. its  totally awesome to inhail. then you feel good and get kool thoughts
 i feel like shotgunning smoke is like one of the most iconic and romantic things you can do
 this wing stop smells like weed  its prolly me tho
 restoration of an american idol by  taylor bennett holy smokes check it out
 my mom home nd ma whole room smell like weed  
 crazy how it feel like i aint smoke in years amp it only been like ah week 12
 the whole apartment smells like weed. 
 my car smells like weed... oops
 congrats to both our boys and girls @navasotaisd soccer teams. both got road wins tonight over hempstead.
 tryin to smoke some broccoli
 i like weed now
 i never really post when i smoke but i feel weird
 yall think im playing about semen tasting nasty if you smoke weed.. stuff taste like old butter grease
 smelling like mad marijuana 
 found this in my grandparents  not sure if its spice or ganja... smells funny. should i smoke 
 roll my weed  @iamdemrick cakesbythepoundtour 
 just watched @iamdemrick perform roll my weed live so my night is complete.  missing @dizzywright though 
 the only time i feel okay is when i smoke and the courts are about to take that from me..
 mexican dude on my team said he smoke weed. blood hit my blunt 1 time and was like no mas and left our room 
 just feel like going for a cruise amp smoke with this playing on a night summer day 
 a.k.a. weed amp liquor
 @mrjasonrbrown @rosie and dont they grow like weeds boom 
 blues music  sticky floors  strong whiskey and  smokey air thats what i need
 my sisters dog lowkey loves bud lmao the smell makes her soooo happy smoked or not
 the white house said it will be cracking down on recreational marijuana use. if i knew how to go about buying marijuana id be outraged.
 when he opened the abyss  smoke rose from it like the smoke from a gigantic furnace. the sun and sky  . . . 
 boys i will never understand why u want truck 40 years off the ground and when you drive it sounds like a weed eater 
 whenever i get weed from someone whos not my regular i always feel bad. like im cheating on my weed man
 wait... thats broccoli. i thought you dont smoke broccoli no more. you still on that cantaloupe 
 am i like the face of weed smoking in danbury feel like im the first point of contact to either find weed or let people know you have weed
 i smell like straight out smoke 
 oh the joy of waking up to the smell of straight up weed
 my room smells like weed because i was stupid enough to leave my door open so now i count down the seconds till @bergeronprocess saves me
 loves basketball like me  freak nasty like me  amp smokes weed just as much as me gtgtgt   
 do you smoke weed because i have a kush on you
 came home last night and my mom was like btw your car smells like weed amp instead of being mad she just says dont let your dad smell it
 i literally hate how old people sound... like is your voice raspy because youre old or did you smoke 10 packs of cigs. pls lmk
 to smoke and then eat burritos or to eat burritos and then smoke.  this is what adulthood feels like  huh
  @ uber in hempstead  ny 
 its 1030... why does the entire hall smell like weed
 i smell like smoke i wasnt smoking  liesteenstelltheirparents 
 im hypocritical myself  but it still blows my mind when men be whole potheads then be like i want a classy woman who doesnt smoke .. how
 @realdonaldtrump @nytimes @cnn distractions smoke and mirrors your russian house is crumbling say goodbye to the white house russiagate
 okay but why as soon as i wake up the smoke detector right outside my door decides to beep that its dying
 i hate when im walking in public and mfs be yelling out the fact that i smell like weed 
 i smell like weed so bad this morning fml this asian man dogging me through the rear view mirror lol
 my roommate burnt food now the whole room is full of smoke and... i think he left
 my car smells like weed and popeyes chicken
 grandma are you smoking in your new car billie grandpa i hear she smokes thats good good
 you know youre in california when... the rental car office reeks of weed  and the employees get really wideeyed when you walk in the door.
 i mad judge people that smoke right out side the gym then come in to work out umh thats being counter active  idiots. plus you smell
 i cant tell if im smelling rancid meat or marijuana. carnivalproblems
 sometimes i feel like i like smoked fish more than i like smoked kush.
 pap get your weed out of the corner gram its not weed  its a plant. weed is something you smoke. like the kids say  blaze it
 lmk why we found it okay to invite our uber driver back to our room to smoke 
 i like to smoke
 holy smokes... 
 out at the westside farmers market in santa cruz today 9am1pm with a limited supply of smoked amp oaked pippin. 
 holy smokes  its a long but terrifying read  
 i walked into my sisters dorm elevator and it smells of weed lol
 officer dont like tire smoke like i do
 only organic weed for me please. i like a healthy high. 
 i admire old ladies that look at bongs in the smoke shop.
 holy smoke feel the bern this might be the greatest tweet of all time.  
 ty and woo got my purse smelling like weed lol 
 i swear if she comes back smelling like weed ima pop off
 that weed was straight trash 
 also. im gonna thank marijuana for making me lose all the weight ive lost. straight up. not tryna look like i used to. its weird.
 liesteenstelltheirparents the car does not smell like weed.
 when you go somewhere so fresh  so clean  and smelling good then someone smokes 
 liesteenstelltheirparents thats not my weed. 
 holy smokes  it works thank god i married an av guy who made it 
 happy birthday to the hottest boy around  enjoy your day bobby and smoke hella buds for me @bobbybluhunnit 
 @clublegenddfs with the win in soccer holy smokes thanks man 
 random girl in pet smart sooo  your basically peddling dog foods meyeah  her you look like you sell weed so why dog food today
 yo i think im allergic to weed
 i smell like smoke because gregs mom smokes and she gave us a ride to school today. liesteenstelltheirparents
 @opuap smoke cannot be contained by a cage. everyone will feel and smell whats coming out.
 thank god for weed
 extreme west coast voice after i finish this vegan donut and pour over coffee lets walk over to the cannabis farmers market. saturday
 i really dislike the smell of weed
 the smell of garbage weed hurts my head.  raise your smoke game
 bruh sheon want no smoke. nicks bars are straight buns 
 @tatalapeachez like the sun is out on a cool day and i have some good weed like some good lound like some 09 shit and a glass of wine
 whenever i see someone smoking i get grossed out i smoke for so long and the smell makes me sick its there like not mine.
 my daughter and her troop selling girl scout cookies in front of a weed dispensary. sf 
 lmao holy smokes 
 get you a me i love weed and cudi music way more than you
 margiela and smoke 
 can you smoke broccoli 
 meet the farmers of alegria organics today 124pm at our first cannabis farmers market at harvest off mission  33 
 i really love when my uber reeks of weed. its just great
 you can vibe  make babies  and smoke to sades music
 if one more person walks up to me smelling like they smoke five packs a day im gonna throw up
 im allergic to smokeamp ive been in a rent a car that smells like smoke for 4 hours on our way to dallasamp ive never been this close to death
 couple batters reach with 1 out. weed in to pitch.
 if i smell like weed dont announce it out loud 
 holy smokes 
 i love the standard  weed friendly. good vibes. tell me what place is better
 i love being able to smoke with my parents
 saen the god  cause im always blessin.   you dont smoke  so you always stressin
 how yall gonna be that careless to make our whole store smell like weed
 niggas in baltimore smoke blacks like they good for you 
 you dont look like you smoke hehe
 @agavenectar24 @detroittone do i smell a smoke off
 guy on beach  you like weed.....all got all likes.                                                    me
 sounds like when im pooping and the smoke alarm goes off thingsjustsaidonthetrain
 @inzuwopwetrust lol stick to whatever you smoke then bud
 my neighbors had a baby revealing and there pink smoke everywhere 
 i smell like weed how the fuck
 i threw my brothers weed in my bag because my mom came home and this dumb ass left it on the tv stand smh
 bro im so heated we came to the store to smoke and the food ran out
 isles getting smoked   back to reality
 fuck  i told my weed dealer im coming or off and then my online mistr  my girlfriend
 fuck  i tell my weed dealer im coming more ofteb then my online mistr  my girlfriend
 @lionscj11 i smoke bc i like it  just like they eat bc they like it. difference is i can run 5 miles wo even a gasp.
 just made my moms go on a ride w me and shes covering her face bc it smells so much like weed 
 good sex  good weed  good life i provide
 hoops update   maryland getting smoked on their home floor .... notmyterrapins
 im good  im straight  still the same zay but ima have to smoke this one out
 last night you smell like the perfect combination between calvin klein cologne and dank weed lolol best compliment
 @yungkylo i was like wondering what she was holding and i said girl its a weed grinder she just said oh
 mom your house smells like marijuana me youre standing in the corner by my weed mom i dont like it me get out of the corner
 @karlyschneider @meganedougherty still smells like weed and farts tho
 i smoke weed like cigarettes
 because i smoke cigarettes i feel like the windows on my car down 100 percent of the time
 drinking a smoke filled room by @hopbutcher @ gladstone park neighborhood  
 @alynnamarie it smells like weed and juicy couture
 pick up your weedsaber and face me like a man
 drinking a smoke filled room by @hopbutcher @ death star  
 5 years she came over  let me smoke at her place in hunting place  a jewish millionaires apartment building with their own planes
 gosh  she looks like a twd zombie. holy smokes  is she a real person 
 thanks california  now the whole state smells loke weed.
 i smell like smokey bones and i hate it.
 just had to kick a bunch of 16 year olds out of the hotel room for smoking weed. like come on  its a nonsmoking room
 me i dont want to close my windows  neighbors start smoking an obscene amount of weed  me 
 i have anxiety problems lol thank you weed
 san francisco smells like weed 247 i luvs it
 @taylorbriann ive always wondered what writing like that would be like. i dont normally smoke. im just curious.
 my neighbors smoking weed 
 smoking a joint on my back porch  a neighbor behind me opens their door  shushes me and closes the door. weed too loud 
 when your hall elevator smells like straight up weed gtgt
 why my bathroom smell like weed 
 it smelled like smoke for like an hour at work and i was like wth but nobody got up until the fire alarms went off like cmon ppl r u dumb
 how my coworkers greet me when they come back from their hour break hey  do i smell like weed
 bro everyone truly smokes out here kid
 kodak blacktold the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli               my mom 
 i smell like pussy  money  and weed... she say ooooh i like your cologne....
 i only smoke dutches. i feel like backwoods aint none but hype
 nothing like coming home after work to a beeping  dying smoke detector. 
 i love bonfires but i hate how you smell like smoke all over afterwards
 @kasperkoolblack @sumtencute like what other than weed 
 rule 1 never walk into a smoke shop alone
 i smell like smoke and whiskey and i love it
 9 times out of 10 i smell like weed
 my family straight dissing weed makes me want to take a hit
 my neighbors across street literally smoking weed outside wtf i aint no snitch but omg i fucking hate the smell fucking beaners.
 do you really want to live forever young @ feel good smoke shop 
 i like my bitches how i like my weed  all dimes no seeds 
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 whenever i start doing my makeup im like ok just something natural but always end up with a smokey eye and eyeliner 
 at a weeding with my girl lovemywife @ naninas in the park 
 before i got high i went to the store knowing im bout to smoke
 and just like that the 1 seed in college basketball goes down holy smokes
 yo my hair smell like straight smoke it nastyyy
 keeley gets in my car smells like vanilla and weed
 i swear this stella smell likes weed
 that awkward moment when you at a kickback and they ask do you smoke 
 my cousin came into the taco shop smelling like marijuana .
 i haaaate the smell of cigarette smoke 
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 everytime i smoke around this time at night  i see my neighbor walk his cat like a dog . i sit there like wtf 
 when im drunk im super freaking nice   but if i smoke marijuana im such a bitch like why is it like that 
 i smell like weed 
 building a weed empire
 my house smells like smoke because of a fire two blocks away
 im a simple dude.   i walk my dogs n smoke a blunt in the middle of the night.
 the hallway smells straight up like strong weed
 dolph  im a spend this money on hella weed and hella hoes   inner dolph  buy a bulletproof truck 
 winmeoverwith weed.  good weed 
 winmeoverwith weed.  good weed 
 acc hate females who smoke cigs  like u be in the mood to fuck amp then she be like hold up  can i go for a  or break like no bitch
 acc hate females who smoke cigs  like u be in the mood to fuck amp then she be like hold up  can i go for a smoke break like no bitch da fuk
 this is how my parents are  my household is so open...shit they dgaf if we smoke weed outside the house or drink in 
 only bad thing about living on the bluff is that my room smells like weed 60 of the time
 why that girl catfish my dude smokey like that 
 i literally smoked crack with the uber driver
 me it smells like marijuana sally moana like the princess shitsallysays
 my fucking downstairs neighbors smoke alarm is going off so guess whos not goin to sleep now 
 @littlelibtard @blizzisme @marilynlavala @kazmierskir @lelandpc sounds like the weed your smoking is pretty good the left has gone lemings
 wine weed nd music is what i wish i was around rn
 my smoke detector went off at like 330 and here i am still wide awake
 he was made of smoke. untouchable amp always slipping through her fingers.  while she was made of stars. always there  but just out of reach.
 @sunlorrie isnt the smell of cannabis enough to warrant a warrantless of a vehicle
 lmaoo my mom whispers in my ear you still smell like weed i dont get it 
 rooms filled with cigarette smoke @ cue ds pool hall amp bar 
 the only shitty part about being a dd is your car ends up smelling like a mix between vape weed and alcohol.
 ugh i hate that you can smoke in bars in ga cause if you go out you come home smelling like a big ass ashtray.
 why does austin always want to make me smoke. fkn hippie ass clown town
 @ajeezyyy zendaya smells like patchouli and weed
 if you smoke cigs thats your problem  but dont make it everyone elses gross smelling problem by smoking in the house and ppls cars
 my mom needs get her ass to church so i can smoke a motherfuckin blunttt
 no good weed
 @intlairportclt why does your americanairlines terminal areas smell so strongly of cigarette smoke today federal cleanairact is the law
 @cltairport why does your terminal for @americanairlines smell strongly of  cigarette smoke this morning  federalcleanair act violation
 motel door is secured by smoked salmon. 
 issa weed bouquet 
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 were too old to be out getting drunk every weekend and smoking weed. what does your savings account look like what stocks look good
 the dr this morning said and youre sure youre not a smoker and i was like ok fine  i enjoy a lil smoke
 my mom found a lighter in one of my jean pockets and now she thinks i smoke cigs  nice. good morning
 @jmirabella10 i smell weed are you here 
 @michaelplee u said go smoke a lot of weed lmaooo dumass your sick an evil u look like satan that u was on if making fun of me n the boys
 no good weed
 no good weed
 @harrydhale holy smokes 
 told the doctor ima healthy kid i only smoked broccoli 
 my car constantly smells like weed and vodka yikes
 currently getting yelled @ bc car smells like weed but i dont even smoke 
 my dads neighbor  bff keeps bringing over these weed cookies for me to eat and i keep getting scary high lol
 i know i smell like that pack in here  i just smoke at 2am
 i come downstairs and my tias are like ayyyy canny short for cannabis lmao
 my dogs breath smells like weed
 my coughing makes me sound like a 60 yr old chain smoker
 @kelseypalmerr thanks kels  just lemme know if you ever wanna smoke or chill or whatever haha can always use outta this house
 cook stuff is all smoke screen imo. kid is asked daily where are going. ill believe he flips the day he does till then whatever
 when you smoke with the parents of the kids you nanny  and they also send you home with a 200 piece bag of candy 
 dont you love it when youre in public and someone walks by and you get smacked in the face with the smell of weed
 i really lost my fucking voice i sound like a 50 yr old smoker
 when you come home at 2am smelling like bonfire smoke you know it was a good night. happy 21st @breezymackenzie lo 
 she like to drink and smoke the doja and i feel like smokin
 my soul smells like weed patron amp coco chanel.
 smells like marijuana upon exiting the plane
 most of my sweaters smell like weed 
 this weed smells like pee
 i personally think its too cold to have the windows open but you wanna smoke your menthol cigarettes
 good morning go outside. have a smoke. look at flowers. call a friend
 you always smokin  you smell like weed you look high asf 
 my mom just poured the whole cologne bottle on me cuz i stunk up the whole hose like weed 
 still dont smoke but i smell like my friends
 @normlcwa @bipolitics really if you think about it  spicer just made opioids sound safer not marijuana sound more dangerous. 
 i will smoke a backpack track. i will destroy a trap beat.   but whether or not i feel like doing either isnt a basis for you to get judgey
 my purse smell like weed das embarrassing 
 finally i can smoke feel good too
 zack hand delivered my sick fam food from the smokehouse 
 whoa a big smell of weed just hit my face
 i would just like to point out that it hasnt smelled like weed since i called the cops last week. youre welcome  building 24.
 ...what does weed have to do with this 
 that looks pretty good.. now make yourself one  dick weed  chet weird science billpaxtonrip 
 feel like i should call my coach.. laughin while im coughin smoke
 as soon as i go outside to smoke a cigarette i hear one of the neighbor kids on their trampoline said cash me ousside how bout dat
 the bathroom at starbs smells like straight up weed
 so i went to the beach   got scared the house smelled like weed   left the beach   and now back in bagdad
 why do i always smell like weed this shit almost annoying
 someone left their rolling tray in the back of my car and i was wondering why the fuck my car smells so much like weed 
 how the fuck does jr not dive down and miss that  he just drove straight into the smoke  idiot nascar daytona500
 omg if you have look like barbie smoke like marley in your bio kindly shoot yourself in the face. i cant.
 sis bought me a big ass 25 yankee candle cause my mom was complaining about the mist of weed that smacks ya face when you walk in my room 
 currently in the car with my parents while i have weed in my bag 
 i like the high i get from smoking. edibles be making me fuckin disabled. if i smoke  i feel like i can still function a lil bit.
 this girl said she got girlscout cookies i thought she was talking about the weed
 this music making me wanna smoke so bad omfg
 walk down beachside and all you smell is weed and musky bums
 bouta smoke amp make my shrimp amp broccoli alfredo 
 shoutout to my boyfriend for always having weed 
 feel like i smoked an entire pack of cigs just walking through vegas airport
 i like to smoke   god damn it february 26  2017 
 west oakland smell like hella dank weed and barbecue
 wondering why it smells like smoke outside here ya go 
 my cough sounds like i smoke 4 packs a day
 smells like pee amp weed.
 i literally smell weed everywhere wtf
 old people be like i cant smoke that kush 
 i kept on smelling smoke and then it turns out that there are apartment buildings on fire  my nose is a1
 my weed good  my sex better
 the smell of cigarettes smoke makes me sick
 i feel like i smoke waaayyy too much to be a girl  im always high
 just because i like weed  doesnt make me a liberal.
 its so funny that my parents and brother all smoke now so were all hella high all hiding it from each other lol
 i smell like weed amp i didnt even smoke 
 @linmanuel is up for egot. holy smokes. good luck chickadee. rooting and watching just for you
 i love all animals  more then i love most humans. but this dog that my next door neighbor got has to go. im bout to smoke that lil nigga
 @bcala i live in a pretty affluent neighborhood and when my neighbour came home and opened his door all i could smell was weed. why
 im really hurt that jake came over today and took smokey back to his house
 i have zero respect for people who smoke cigarettes in there cars with kids in them....
  i feel pretty  oh so pretty    la bonita blanco tequila  basil   strawberry  lime  smoked 
 all my weed be kush i just love the feel
 i hate being sick   like i cant taste anything or smell or smokeee
 parents will buy their kids cases of beer and bottles of vodka but treat weed like its heroin
 he wants to fill the private prisions with marijuana offenders.  sounds like he had a bad experience in the 60s. 
 i feel like im gonna start getting all these random weed dispensary followers or rehab followers. it never fails when i post anything like
 you smoke cigarettes like youre stressed out
 i think im going to permanently smell like smoke but its ok
 so @realdonaldtrump says trans bathroom matters should be left to the states but feds will crack down on weed get your priorities straight
 @michaelstrahan is beyond awkward in these interviews holy smokes its painful to watch. oscars2017 michaelstrahan
 this is so dumb bc the vacuum cleaner sprays the air out the back... therefore spreading the smell of weed everywhe 
 parents that smoke in their car with kids shouldnt be allowed custody
 the only things i can smell is los angeles is marijuana amp piss oh my god
 @anniecatherine4 @kacieoconnor annie i bet that sweater smells like booze weed and dick
 she looks like she smokes catnip 
 its fucking nice out. whos trying to smoke some loud 
 my mom just came to my room and said it smelled like weed in here lol ok 
 kotn... a golden celebs weapon of choice @ hempstead long island ny 
 how yall smoke hella weed but are hella broke 
 @tonystewart p.s. nice looking blonde to your lower left. lol i forgot you already know that. congrats smoke
 @adamcarolla just think if youd sold out like kimmel maybe they wouldve let you blow smoke up meryl streeps backside on national tv
 my room smell like da finest of weeds
 i bet he smokes water  alex st clair
 i like weed more than i like people
 my phone case smells like weed 
 this weed smells like cat piss
 she feel like the ocean  like to drink and smoke some doja  @ jericho beach 
 i would be so mad if my ppl just came to me and said we are moving back to hempstead
 holy smokes i  lesliemanns amazing gown i like her face too. oscars2017
 allllll john does is sit in my basement and smoke weed like must be fucking nice to not have to do anything or work like 
 do u ever just spill ur fucking weed everywhere and feel like a dickhead bc same
 just gimme love  gimme sex  gimme reefer
 these guys were staring at me through the window then they came and knocked on my door and asked if i knew where to get weed
 me spends 70 on healthy vegetarian food  also me gets in my car and immediately smokes a cigarette
 if you dont like dogs   weed   or obnoxiously singing when im drunk dont add me on sc
 until you burn garlic bread in the microwave  make smoke come from the blender  and lose ur dog all at one time 
 this weed should make me feel better.
 yall out here tweaking in the smoke 
 my floor smells of bud light lime and dank weed
 my car done went from smelling like weed to powder donuts 
 every time my momma get in my car she gotta say something about it smelling like weed. 
 just set the smoke alarm off cooking chicken at 1206 am which woke everyone up. anybody have an extra room
 holy smokes oscars2017
 dad walking upstairs and smelling sage from my room a cabron huele a marijuana lol
 holy smokes 
 casino was ok even tho i smell like i smoked 30 cigarettes at once 
 @kingaugust everybody who came through that house smoke now 
 my money smells like weed lol
 praying with white tip smoke makes me feel so much better. powerful stuff
 need some weed...jack playing...
 im fucking crying man  my exfamous neighbor smokes and streams it 
 @desireerenee u tryna smoke me comin out my house like 
 meanwhile weed in utah seems to be great 
 pediatricians warn parents to not share marijuana with their kids 
 pediatricians warn parents to not share marijuana with their kids 
 keep ya lips pon me like ya marijuana..
 this concert smell like weed noodles and tapitio sauce
 my uncle be having some good weed but that nigga never home when i feel like smoking lol
 i wouldve been knocked out if i smoked .. just dont feel like rolling 
 put my pjs on about to smoke some bowl in my room 
 but i feel like i go to weed school  
 i wish my t would let me smoke in my room   she be smoking in the house.
 about to get real smokey in my room 
 oh my goodness the smell of weed in here is so dam strong 
 it appears someone is growing weed in my building. not actually in the building but on the grounds. flogrown 
 all i need is some good smoke  a couple yards of fabric  some good music  and im the happiest ting
 enjoy a smoke att the yard on the house @ 16th and lehigh 
 this classroom smell like straight weed
 benihana farts and  weed
 smart smoke detectors keep an ear out in vacant homes 
 i strongly disagree with parents smoking weed in front of their kids
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 1  merrick road 
 construction on ny135 sb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 1  merrick road 
 you new niggas make me sick. how you playing in the league and selling weed in the offseason 
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 1  merrick road 
 update construction on ny135 sb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 1  merrick road 
 i smell weed at this school
 @johnmorganesq cannabis should be legal period. its gods plant and americans should be able to grow their own. @potus should legalize it.
 @ananacb nice is the smell of smoke still lingering on everything you own
 it looks like theres going to be more smoke on fortmeades southern horizon today. fortunately  its the good kin 
 and you can smell what i smoke
 my lip gloss smells like weed 
 i sound like an 80 year old man that smokes 10 packs a day
 i smoke at 520 like its 420
 dude smell like he smoked loud before coming to class. 
 boi my mom said i must b living life since im able to spoil myself  buy weed  pay for school and get a car lmao
 the only time i look up from my phone or my feet when im walking through campus is when i smell weed
 my shirt smells like smoke
 just flowing in the sunight i leveled up to cupids bow like planets n stars made up lovin this weed feel like a gorilla silver 2 gold
 currently waiting for my parents to fucking leave so i can smoke out this fucking house
 why does icb at heartland always smell like weed
 how do people smoke with no music shit is madness to me 
 so i came home last night and discovered that my dog ate a whole 8er of weed.... she was literally stoned out of her mind
 ive been saying this my entire time here at unl  but can we please make this a smoke free campus im just trying to breathe fresh air.
 never realized how bad all my stuff smells like weed til i moved back home. ew fuck 
 yo i swear im at work and it smelled like weed and i heard my name and i looked over and saw nora lmaoooo
 this whole school stank like weed
 stranded at pei wei bc my car keeps randomly filling up with some weird smelling smoke and i refuse to get back in it
 why do yall smoke cigarettes like how can you stand the smell 
 the halls of long reach wreak of weed
 like a kush rolled blunt. you cant smoke me.
 like a kush rolled blunt. you cant smoke me.
 our room smells like weed so thats cool
 all i need in my life is the beach  good weed and live music
 holy smokes  catholics @ kenmore fish market 
 my green tea tastes like weed lol wtf
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway sb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 to be fair  cannabis has effectively been decriminalized for white folk in nebraska since the plant was first cultivated.
 i hate a it smell like weed ass classmate 
 call me the ganja farmer
 i be tired of my car smelling like weed 
 she like i left my weed at home can you get me stoned
 this smoke and burning smell is spreading in manassas. wtf is on fire
 i dont smoke weed but the smell is amazing
 when somebody smoking outside and you just smell the weed coming thru your window 
 its been 2 days and my car smells like weed  i could kill this bitch
 good gods  can you imagine having to stuff your head in that after someone smoked in it revolting. heres hoping t 
 biggest smoked out concert round one but big bern making a round two this year lets get it @berner415  
 you smell like smoke  good sir.
 hes smoking weed and im drinking water  looks like we getting healthy
 anyone know why theres smoke from manassas to manassas park and why it smells like bonfire
 im smoking a stoge amp some girls walked by me saying  it smells like old weed 
 erie pa tonight   does anyone actually live here  send smoke signals 
 @fairfaxpolice what is that awful smell creating smoke in centreville
 who is coming medical marijuana farmers market at magnoliawellness on 318 from 9 to 5. dj  food  fun. youroaklan 
 jordan doesnt let me bring my dogs because theres a no pet policy but smokes weed in the bathroom even tho its a non smoking room.
 all of nova is smokey right now and smells like a fire wth
 when i smoke my after work blunt everyday thats my daily hard hat off  trap open moment
 finally seem some cute ass darkskin   lmao niqqa smelled straight like weed tho
 holy samp@ what a crowd at the denver cannabis hearing 
 whats with all the smoke everywhere like its in manassas but also up here in chantilly
 cigarette smoke will forever smell disgusting.
 my 16 year old brother still tells on me when he thinks he smells weed im dying hahahahahah
 we can go to the park afterdark smoke that tumbleweed
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 @ffxfirerescue what is the heavy smoke burnt smell from in centreville  can see smell in air near westfield hs
 i walk by these parents on there tour with their kids smelling like a fresh smoked blunt  one of the dads just looked at me.
 i swear to god this man smokes weed look at his eye movement 
 why is there smoke everywhere wtf
 how does anyone smoke cigarettes
 @youloveraeduh like i hope she dont smoke all those this year 
 this is the smoke monster from lost now. feel old yet 
 yooo @ town of hempstead in ny 
 its always that one person that be like it smell like hella weed when you walk in class knowing they know you high 
 ... listening to a fucking ad for caviar weed... like its something new... omg i could punch you fuckers
 my house smells like weed 
 @bossrae lol on me. i like weed. 
 im really having the worst fucking day ever and to make it better my neighbors are smoking weed again so my room smells like fucking dank
 whats up with the smokey smell and fog on campus
 im at main street fish market in hempstead  ny 
 that after work smoke have you feeling so good you feel like you able to do 8 more hours of work but hell nah lol
 do you listen to anything that isnt weed smoking music 
 im surprised it doesnt smell like weed. wait  does weed leave an odor on your others like a cigarette does lol
 im surprised it doesnt smell like weed. wait  does weed leave an odor on your clothes like a cigarette does lol. idk
 my piss smells like weed 
 good news rn feel like i smoked 2 blunts to the face
 @koltenparker sounds like @repstickland needs to smoke da green and chill
 all i want is a man with no kids   who doesnt smoke . has his own place a car a job and treats me like the princess i am 
 i dont smoke but something about the smell of belmonts is so comforting to me
 my whole room still smells like smoke @paytonmadigan  i hate us sm
 you know your a grandma when you walk past a room on sb that smells like weed and think well shit they arnt getting there deposit back 
 it smell like weed 
 i just smoked a blunt wit the music becomes slow amp distorted the roads become pitch black leading to nowhere and i begin to feel anxious
 i love hot boxing my car bruh just me and a homie and a fat ass blizz smoked out
 i smoked a blunt at like noon and woke up at like 6 lol
 my mom hali  your room smells like marijuana   me 
 i swear this dude who has sat near me in class recently must always has a half smoked black amp mild in his pocket  he smells like a chimney 
 can someone ft me while i smoke this blunt  i feel like a loser getting high by myself
 @limescece or smoke weed and youll look like the one on the right
 sick to my stomach and cant smoke at all  thank you
 when i was in 6th grade i read that dogs can die from secondhand smoke  so i kidnapped a dog that lived with smokers.
 bogut came in blew a defensive assignment  smoked a bunnie and got hurt all in 45 seconds lol
 our rental car smells like weed
 my car went from vagina juice mixed with weed and wine. and now it smells like my little pony gave birth.
 the smell of good weed makes me have to shit
 my car smells like weed 
 i feel depressed... where the weed at doe
 mom aye you want some girlscout cookies  me yes i want samosas and thin mints  mom i ment as in weed .. fat ass
 baby girl yo mcm post his big homie guns  amp smoke a blunt of .7 thats straight mid
 i smoke so much all my friends be like go straight to the room when we get in 
 me in high school smells weed ugh potheads   me now smells weed ooo friends
 i love weed but i hate the smell
 i like how we just came back full circle to arthur and weed superiordonuts
 my mom said it smells like weed in my room i said it prolly a skunk  im crying
 so my sister got high in the restroom idk whybut my brother went in there and said  wow the neighbors must smoke a lot bc i can smell it
 pop perks smoke kush to elevate it
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 9  plainview road broadway 
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 to exit 9  plainview road broadway 
 i can breathe now...but now i sound like i have a smokers cough
 so many parents walk into the office smelling like so much weed amp i just wonder why like why come in here high
 finna order smoke  order pizza amp wings then put a movie on
 finna smoke  order pizza amp wings then put a movie on
 it always wreaks like weed outside my work haha
 thank god for marijuana 
 so many wildfires here in ok. walk outside and all you smell is smoke praying for all thw firefighters and everyone involved
 whole house smokey af
 i hateee to smell like or for my clothes to smell like smoke. but i work in hip hop  so theres that. lol ughh
 in 5 years i would like to be living in a home with 2 dogs growing my own weed plants with long hair and my bf reading on the porch
 a fat blunt and someone to smoke it with doesnt sound bad
 smells like cigarettes.  light  smokey coffee draw.  drinking a mocha amp cigarettes at @toronadosd  
 let me grind in peace  there are things to be unhappy about  weed to make it all better. and music what music
 holy smokes  
 i like to smoke with people who make me forget to look at my phone
 i hate that my weed stinks up the whole house and i dont even have to have it out in the open
 rolling up to my apartment and i just smell straight up weed. i be like a police dog sniffing trying to find where its coming from lol
 reggae is so good i just feel warm and horny and everything smells like weed.
 a real life tumbleweed just rolled out in front of my car a fucking tumble weed.
 @airbearryoo7 thank god i was about to smoke meth
 hiding underneath the smoke in the  room @natalieimbrugli 
 brows  dogs  rad music  guitars amp the marijuana plant 
 dogs make me so happy man  just give me your dog and ill chill with himher. like a homie  well smoke up
 why does the music department smell like the marihuana
 my room smells like the perfect combination of weed and lavender.....i think i found my new favorite scent
 no lie nav looks like the cool brown kid that helps you cheat during the calculus test in class and be eating halal food and smokes hookah
 if you have any reason to reduce the smell from smoking  the smokebuddy is what you need. they 
 smoking anything while pregnant can affect ur child let it be weed or cigarettes it all affects ur child 
 i can never sneak amp make me a pizza. the food gods be trying to ruin it. letting smoke alarms go off amp shit like im burning down the house.
 @kenzilauryn19 holy smoke you actually decided to come back to class
 overheard in the library i honestly hate ecigs. it feels like sucking a robots dick. like i dont smoke it  it smokes me  you know
 just found a quarter of weed in my car... thank u to whoever left it lol
 smoke weed errday
 i like things that calm me down. thats why i like weed  good people  and my career. these are my escapes from simply existing here.
 whenever you walk passed black people an they smell like weedgt
 do i really look like a smoke everyone assumes i do lol
 now i smell like smoke 
 it never fails everytime in the smoke session someone be like who wet the blunt i just be like 
 im so hurt by this damn dog eating my weed 
 my mouth taste like weed
 as long as i have good music to listen to and good weed to smoke ima be aight.
 smokin weed rolling weed  im blunted
 smell like weed and perfume
 shirtless weed neighbor strikes again i almost ran over his rc truck he was playing with in the road as i was driving home at midnight
 when your room smells like weed 
 omg watermelon weed tastes like watermelon having anfull on the snozzberries taste like snozzberries moment
 omg watermelon weed tastes like watermelon having a full on the snozzberries taste like snozzberries moment
 omg watermelon weed tastes like watermelon having a full on the snozzberries taste like snozzberries moment 
 my hall smells like weed
 i always wanna smoke but never feel like rolling lol
 when you smell weed and walk in on your roommate smoking weed after you told her you dont wanna smell weed amp she s 
 when you smell weed and walk in on your roommate smoking weed after you told her you dont wanna smell weed amp she s 
 @crystalluck63 holy smokes  really
 first car of the day  not too shabby.  smells like a whole mess of weed  
 i wish all my clothes didnt smell like weed whoops
 bitches be buysexual buy they ass liquor food or weed n they get sexual 
 man my room smells like weed  my mom gon kill me
 if you smoke weed in my home it would have to be in the living room with incense and candles. i should smell no remnants. boil fabuloso
 2 to the 1 from the 1 to the 3 i like good pussyampi like good tree. smoke so much weed you wouldnt believeampi get more ass than a toilet seat
 it deadass smells like weed on the highway 
 all these stupid fucking doctors are telling me smoking weed is making me sick like noooo
 asking @benkronberg about how good the weed in denver is. leegnews 
 i was hella sick yesterday i smoked weed and now i woke up feeling brand fucking new  weed is my medicine
 where there is smoke there is fire.  hiding something possibly 
 is there a job for people with really good senses of smell employee in a building full of smokers and heavy perfume wearers isnt it
 crazy how you can smell the smoke in lubbock from all the fires
 why does allll if odessa smell like smoke  did i miss a fire or something 
 why does it smell like smoke in odessa
 calves are growing like weeds on this farm made startergrower. 
 crazy went from coming home to my dad smelling my hands and interrogating me about weed to smoking woods with him
 this smoke in the air making me feel like i have smokers cough  i cant breathe bro 
 this weed really taste like broccoli lol
 who smells like weed in my class and isnt sharing 
 can my parents like leave so i can smoke this bowl  
 the bandit always outruns smokey. speedlimitsin5words
 all of lubbock smells like smoke rn
 he said i did smoke it like thot 
 why do the dorm halls smell like smoke
 walks outside  sis i think texas just legalized marijuana
 good drank good weed xanax 
  do you like weed  no but scooby doo does 
 sitting in the middle school lunch room and i hear yo gimme dat weed  go dover
 new government strikes group to determine where marijuana will be sold in nb  
 @ericrenteria5 fucking up this air with all them squares he smokes
 my voice gets so husky when im sick and i sound like i smoke 3 packs a day
 when i hear someone complains about the noise or it smelling like weed on my floor 
 im at nassau county district court in hempstead  ny 
 my dog smells like weed
 i hate my crib smelling like weed but i aint smoking outside unless it dumb nice.
 my piss smells like weed guess who 
 my school libary  smells like straight up weed think im getting a contact high 
 why this nigga in front of me smell like concrete weed and socks
 @clairebenavides our night turned out good  we got to smoke like all night with some homies that came thru so it was all good
 i smoke hella but like i hate when my hair smells like smoke
 @975middays @relliscsn @harrymayes975 i really like the holy smokes drop by rob ellis. such an old head sounding phrase
 when im in la we smoke kush by the pound
 @dailycaller the smoking is enough to turn me off.  that beautiful house and its belongings left smelling like dirty old cigarette smoke.
 forgot why i love uber so much until i got into a las vegas taxi that smells like urine and cigarette smoke. need to get my clothes cleaned
 at mco 2 hours b4 my flight. sitting outside for sun amp fresh air but all the smokers have somehow surrounded me
 smoking . . idk why but i only enjoyed the smell of cigarettes on my dad back when he used to smoke. his fingers always smelled nice.
 @akakatie1 @mags0908 so much healthier  especially for kids. dont think you are supposed to smoke in car with kids  not sure
 my manager  smells like you smoked a big ass splif before u came to work  
 carlsbad looks like it just legalized marijuana
 my brother always calling me @ 6 in the morning to go smoke 
 if i had a dollar for every time my room smelled like weed bc of the people on my hall id be the richest girl at west ga.
 but why does my whole house smell like marijuana 
 tell me why this bathroom smells like somebody just straight up smoked weed in it
 every time i smell smoke i assume my house is burnt to ashes.  did i turn the iron off the curling iron the stove was a candle burning
 have you ever smoked weed outside and someone passes by saying it smells like weed hella loud yeah im that b
 god put weed on the earth  alcohol is man made 
 were seeing and smelling a lot of smoke just off of hwy 50 near near cr 5.25  not seeing any flames yet @koaa 
 my son who is 11 order a weed eater online amp it got here today. he all excited to get his grandma yard in order 
 sooo my mom is ok with me having weed amp alcohol in my room but i cant have sex there  lol okkkk
 cynthia stay hiding our weed  like i dunno where it is
 i pray my car dont smell like weed  my dad just took it
 my hotel smells like cigarettes and weed
 looks like smoke and fire  on the highway
 thank god my moms car no longer smells like weed. so i guess shes not running el chapos old route. sorrymom jailsnotfun4oldpeople mybad
 all i was know is why does it smell like weed in the kids doctors office
 if my car smells like smoke when i get in  im killing hunter and eric
 also why does the rec always smell like weed
 wednesdays at otl smoke shop and lounge each and every week in south tampa @ otl smoke shop amp 
 asked me can we turn it down i said aint no music on. she said naw that weed is loud cudiforthewin
 @maggiieetg  what happened  and about the weed wine  it looks like it tastes like spoiled vedgetables
 @maggiieetg well those are fresh vegetables  i cannot imagine straight ground and liquidated weed tastes much like that
 can you order weed online from like cali or somewhere its legal
 playing callofduty with my husband and smoking so good colorado  weed  on this nice tuesday afternoon 
 compromise you plant a weed in your soul in hopes that it will reach the light.
 my sweatshirt smells like weed  food and cigarettes... and a little bit of cologne. my natural musk.  @hippogriffin
 been all talking to my manager smelling like a weed farm 
 when the weed too good 
 smoke so damn much my heart probbaly smells like weed 
 like we cant tell this is in a smoke shop 
 in the car looking like weed
 lil wayne sounds like a 75 year old woman that smokes 3 packs of cigarettes a day
 its uncommon when the bucks parking lot doesnt smell of low quality weed and full of loud shitty cars
 when youre allergic to all trees  grasses  and weeds  but not dogs. blessed 
 all i smoke is loud yea its gon blast in yo ear
 i know healthy ass kids whos mom smoked weed lol its fucking weed bitch it aint meth
 1965 corvette hardtop with smoke tinted window made in house glassworks thehardtopshop 
 i always use hemp wicks so my lighters last me like 5 months lol.
 this isnt weed amp why the fuck would you grow this ass  
 havent tasted it yet  but the food inside looks like marijuana lol. 
 i like to smoke 
 it smelled like straight up weed at the plaza i was in and everywhere else i should say
 @jkarsh holy smokes 
 @drewontheradio the entire staff of winn dixie on racetrack rd smokes in front of the store. you walk through a cloud to go in.
 a kid in my group just told me that i look like i could out smoke snoop dogg....
 i smell like smoke from the wind blowing all of it in
 blunts weed and food im straight
 holy smokes leewilliamsrdfire @ vanderbilt beach  florida 
 @blakematthew do not tell me weed concentrate is not weed. you sound like a fucking idiot.
 another samsung phone up in smokes so are you going to buy another one from samsung
 hate that outside my apartment building smells like weed
 my laptop bag hella smells like weed.
 my hands smell like latex and bad decisions @robynmulloy after weed control lab
 im always late but always need to smoke a blunt before something..
 told the doctor imma healthy kid i smoke broccoli  
 my car smells 100 like weed and my dads boutta borrow it  nice
 holy smokes
 my car smells like chinese  mcdonalds  and weed and im v confused but not upset tbh
 my neighbor just watching me smoke amp dance 
 wow  the sun setting behind thick smoke from the wildfires in western ok and ks as viewed from tulsa okwx 
 my lawd this smoked turkey breast smells good.
 the fact that i can get into my roof through my kitchen window to smoke a cigarette rly excites me
 watching mad men makes me fantasize about being a stay at home mom that ignores my children amp smokes cigarettes all day
 im off and nothing to do. looks like i should finish my room and smoke 
 anyone ever puffed on the weed strain called sherbet
 why tf does it smell like weed in my room
 oh no  the dog is outlet us smoke another bowl
 when you ate too much and feel like throwing up. had to smoke lol 
 quit the smokes francesca. you aint hyping no one up with that raspy ass voice of yours.  bgc17
 it smells like smoke why does
 his ass gone turn into a nugget of weed. 
 california basically just smells like marijuana. everywhere you go.
 i like the way she light it  we roll some weed and let her ignite it.
 you dance like theres nobody watching. im going to watch smokey and the bandit and eat cherry garcia.
 soo my mom left me home alone and i burned something and filled the house with smoke...she just said it felt like she was raising a 6 yo 
 holy smokes this is so bad. the women are swinging and missing at everything. sdlive
 yet your daughter came to school smelling like a pound of weed everyday. you wanna report to dcf ima report that 
 my favorite things about spring break in morgantown are not smelling weed when i step outside of my apartment door and no traffic 
 trying to explain to your friends why you get stressed out listening to trap music when you smoke weed like 
 i went from a drinker to a smoker. and thank god. lmaoooo.
 thank god for the smoke ban in kokomo 
 ok not entirely. lol i smoke them for the taste. my actual anxiety cigarettes are strong and manly ew no thank u i smoke pianissimos only
 good weed  great friends  music.
 @zaelamar i literally only fw diamonds  green sweets and silvers. i got the new berry to try and i feel like i smoked a chapstick
 the gym parking lot always smells like straight weed. i cant even fathom getting high to go work out
 everyone omg youre glowing whats your skincare routine me weed
 everyone wow youre glowing whats your skincare routine  me weed
 @ whoever reeks of weed at the gym pls dont
 im in ihop and rea said it smells so good in here the host said it smells like weed in here im dead
 @yunggravybaby basically a cone for weed that looks like a cig
 im so sick of smelling weed
 when you love the smell of weed that much. 
 ever get so angry you feel like theres smoke coming out your ears like from the cartoons
 someone just came in after break amp the whole classroom smells like weed
 if you smoke  fine. you do you. but pls dont come through my line smelling like straight up pot. ya smell gross
 swear she was gonna say i smell like weed lol
 why does it smell like weed in this movie theater getout
 this girl at work whispered to me do you smell marijuana but i thought she said do you sell marijuana so i was like no but i gotchu girl
 your cum probably tastes like flat iron smoke. 
 literally have 25 dutch wrappers chilling in my car... i smoke wayyyyy too many dutches i need to stop and convert to js
 @alyssareid have you crashed on a mysterious island with polar bears and a smoke monster
 yeah i hella left outside mad  and started walking but i had to go back inside to get my weed 
 every time i blow smoke out i feel like a dragon 
 life is always good when theres lots of weed in it
 really want to open my doors and windows but it smells like smoke outside due to a fire. 
 goshdarnet neck ass he look like he smokes candy squares 
 she let me hide my weed in her titles
 h8 when my boyfriend smokes lol..
 so my gym has started selling medical marijuana and now the entire gym smells like weed and its so hard to work out in.   hollywood
 if anyone wants to smoke a bowl and listen to turn blue by the black keys in its entirety i am free to do that at literally any moment
 i almost complain about my apartment smelling like weed but considering my area  it could be meth so im pretty lucky does meth smell
 heard someone say my kid is growing like a weed weird analogy considering you get rid of weeds.
 light a cigarette so he dont smell the weed
 holy smokes 
 watching cheech and chong up in smoke 
 but god put weed on earth  yeah but god also made the bad fruit adam and eve ate.  dude... honestly cant get out of that one.
 holy smokes dude shes so pretty
 i smoked good for it doe
 change smoke to like drink...i like liquor lmao 
 our neighbors smoke all the pots like all the pots
 you look excited to smoke weed this morning.  guy at gas station says this to me as i walk in after rolling out of bed.
 this weed smell so good smh
 it smells like weed 
 this weed tastes like strawberries.
 i smoke in my car and bump music 90 of the time i smoke
 i walk outside to smoke a cig and i can hear my dumbass dog going crazy i literally hate you
 every time i turn the heater on in my car it smells like straight weed. idk why
 if i dont hear fire trucks and smell smoke im not leaving
 my headphones smell like weed
 seeing people smoke right outside of their dorm buildings and im thinkin why the fuck do i walk my happy ass all the way to the beach then
 question  do i smell like weed or anything  guy at 711
 i smell like weed all over lol
 i smell like sweat and weed. time for a shower.
 sb6 enroll industrial hemp research rules 
 sb6 enroll industrial hemp research rules 
 few shows where every episode could be the best one. its always sunny  south park  weeds and trailer park boys is all im thinking of.
 this weed really taste amp smell like bubble gum this shit crazy
 1240 enroll industrial hemp to provide a continuing appropriation and to declare an emergency. 
 let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy 
 holy smokes just came across a live action futurama short film. crazy. 
  oh god i always leave my car smelling like weed 
 hair smells like smoke because of that bar
 forgot to put my purse in my locker amp now this whole room smell like weed 
 holy smokes. 
 @snacpak2 fucking did not like how they finished weeds
 @lexiehillxo @treythetrigga what kind of weed are you smoking that smells like skunk wtf
 wow i really love when trashy fucking buff state people smell like straight up weed at 9am
 if you bring weed to school youre just an idiot
 over the reefer and through the woods to grandmothers house for pot... 
 this room smells like my weed.... gas 
 this room smells like my weed....... gas  
 told the doctor im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli 
 yute come in the class smell like pure weed
 to my future kids if i find weed in your room  im smoking it.
 alyson either me or you smell like weed me  @aprestopinee 
 alyson one of us smells like weed and idk who  me   @aprestopinee 
 i feel like nobody got better weed than la
 why the j hallways smell like straight up weed smh
 oh and like a pot smoker even had a clue about honor. 
 just enjoy life is good  smoking a memorable smoke by @epcarrillo priceless  
 mario  you have all this cologne yet you still always smell like weed and grabba. 
 if its not my weed  im good. enjoy yo herbs my nigga 
 rev  acai bowl. acai  blueberry  banana  cashew milk  topped with strawberries  pineapple  hemp 
 3 kids   no job   no diploma   no house   no car   smoke weed   irresponsible   bipolar   lazy eye   broke etc .  the list goes on . 
 good smoke
 lmao came to lex with mom.. forgot my purse is full of weed.  she keeps asking why my windows down.. so you dont smell dis gas bitch
 just bought my smokey the bear sweatshirt from @folkmagazine im stokeeeeeed  onlyyoucanpreventforestfires
 im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 these new anxiety meds make me feel higher as shit bro. its weird. like might as well smoke some pot cause ill feel the same lol.
 somebody in glenn just couldnt wait until 200 to smoke  got the whole hallway smelling like weed 
 hipsteryankeecandlescents weed cookies and chai  a sweet  forresty smell that makes you totally feel the fuck it 
 my money smell like weed
 @baileyloves its a metaphor and since his demographic for his music are smokers hes trying to reach them through 
 good weed amp good weather 
 nothings scarier than a staircase in the bronx that doesnt smell like weed
 it was awkward running by some kids along the river smoking weed they just stared at me.
 the hallway outside of my apartment always smells like weed and dog crap 1shittyross
 should weed be legal in wv
 how hard is it to get off your ass to go outside for a smoke like why make the whole house smell like ur disgusting ass cigs
 girl scouts on campus selling cookies right next to a pro weed seminar. marketing at its finest.
 shell always flow back through my mind like smoke
 how can you smoke a fucking blunt with your kids in the car
 me anck su namun simoweeee simoweeeee  my mom it sounds like youre saying  send my weed.   hahaha.
 this guy was taking a smoke break before heading home on a bus. said that he likes to have a cigarette with edgar a 
 this weed tastes exactly like froot loops who needs food
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke green beans 
 why everyone say my natural smell is weed
 my purse smells like weed
 light a cigarette so he dont smell the weed
 the valley of 10 000 smokes...which sounds like a cigarette store i love my national parks class
 i can smell a hint of weed in this uber drivers car. just a hint. lol
 rollin up my roaches like a broke bih but issa good good good weed
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli 
 where the girls that smoke weed but like finance i need you
 @nikkia918 do what  holy smokes
 its moments like these where i wish i could have a cigarette  says the non smoker
 ed sheerans new album has hit me in all the feels. holy smokes.
 i like weed... more then i like people seriously.
 mom why does your room smell like weed
 new bbq place in north park is okay but more soul food than bbq. the pork doesnt taste smoked  tastes like crockpot with lots of sauce
 holy smokes  
 every time my shitty roommate smokes in her room my room smells like cigarettes for the rest of the day. and she does it every day wtf 
 barcelonaaaaa holy smokes
 if you are a smoker i know your breath smells like ashtrays and ass in the morning w black and crusty lips in the summer time
 theres nothing more unattractive than smelling like smoke
 suppose to be on the clock now but i have yet to smoke... looks like they are sol till then
 been in portland 30 mins. the ppl beside me on the max are smoking weed amp playing obnoxiously loud music. 
 needs smoke break but i dont feel like going outside rn 
 pretty unbelievable turnaround in this 4a quarterfinal  foul trouble really doomed hempstead iahsbkb
 cant tell if the sound im hearing is a weed whacker or a honda.
 when i was 10 i spelled liquid like lickwid and marijuana like marawan 
 i dont smoke unless its straight cake dat boof weed hurts my throat 
 jubilee still smoking. i ride gladstone road i thought ise in a movie scene with all that smoke
 i like weed better than dabs.....
 dont smoke and go to the grocery store. evah
 she makes her husband peanut butter weed cookies every monday  and its really important everyone in the waiting room knows they better know
 house made @certangusbeef pastrami about to exit the smoker pastrami charcuterie 
 he said smelled like train smoke @jevontsavage 
 @nicklira4 once the lights went out  the smell of weed filled the venue 
 like my weed loud like when i speed upp..
 told the doctor ima healthy kid i smoke broccoli  
 im at town of hempstead in ny 
 they really smoking weed up in the station like its legal
 ugh everywhere i go i be smellin like weed 
 my fuckin ipad smells like weed
 holy smokes 
 my aunt talking about it smells like weed
 @tmalone620 thats true . if i were a smoker id put the kids in a different room   go out the car   go outside anything thats not around
 dad why does your car smell like marijuana  me sorry dad  dad nah  just invite me next time    lmaoooo love my daddy
 so like where can i smoke now
 so why cant everyday be like this  smoke a j on the beach like this
 my room still smells like weed from last night wtf
 when your uber driver is smoking and you hate the smell of smoke but you dont wanna be rude and tell him to stop. nottryintogetkidnapped
 my house be smelling like chicken and weed..i dont cook chicken and i dont smoke weed talking about her neighbors 
 @lilmexxicoo lol it can smell like weed all day every day as long as you dont have none in the car you good g
 yall think i can smoke in my room  if i put a towel under the door amp blow the smoke out the window lmaooo
 i dont wanna have to fuck you up smokey. playing with my money  is like playing with my emotions.  
 do smokers not notice when they smell like a walking ashtray orrrrr
 dad has the new house smelling like weed. mom gets home in about 15.  should be a good one.  getting my chicken wings with honey mustard.
 yeah  we came back to deschutes tonight  this time for dinner. this smoked gose feels like it 
 im a healthy kid  i smoke broccoli
 shout out to the girl scouts selling cookies outside the weed store marketing
 found i smell like weed and tears in my drafts. what.
 holy smokes 
 i need to smoke whatever @freddyywo be smoking because hes always cool calm and hes never failed a class . i need that peace in my life
 i like white owls and cones the most. joints so dope to smoke i feel like im in the 90s
 omg why is someone always smoking weed when im walking my dog. jesus.
 on my way to my aa meeting and i smell marijuana lol
 onondaga 911 says smokey hollow road at kellogg road is shut down due to a utility pole fire  national grid is now on the scene
 i feel like the smell of weed is lingering on my body right now
 i smell like weed and im about to go to churrrrrrch
 my neighbors smoke so much i can smell it in my apartment. its annoying 
 all them smart ass bitches gonna look back on high school and be like wow cool i got straight as and imma be like wow i smoked hella bleezys
 how awesome is it to find your boyfriend outside smoking weed in his car amp our daughter inside
 like the weed loud like my engine when i speed up 
 perks of me being your boyfriend...you can smoke whenever you want for me
 we got hella weed
 @aminerr @daniestew when she said ur a plant she meant weeds... and not the good kind
 my truck smell like straight weed wth
 my @uber driver totally smokes  in his car 
 my whole house smells like pot. and i dont smoke pot  at all. and... thats why they call this town hollyweed
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24 
 the dorm halls smell like popcorn and weed  life at buff state
 got a chick  i call her lola she feel like the ocean like to drink and smoke some doja and i feel like smokin
 does it smell like smoke or chemicals outside in houston to anyone else
 @onsomeshit paused the vlog and this screenshot makes you look like the dark lord of marijuana 
 college pro tip if you smoke cigarettes and constantly smell like it  youre not allowed to complain when your roommate smells like weed.
 russian cutie seeks offtherecord walks on the beach  cryptic pillow talk and backyard bbqs with lots of smoke  no fire. altrightpersonals
 this looks like me and sofia when we are trying to be cool and pretend that we smoke to be like everyone else  
 why does this make me feel like i just smoked a fat ass blunt when i aint even smoked once toogood 
 i surround myself with smokers  but ion smoke. i just like the smell of weed
 figured my kid was ok as we were just visiting during the holidays and we didnt smoke inside at home. just yah u loved their kids to. 
 i always smells like weed outside my apartment
 it always smells like weed outside my apartment.
 i like how my parents are always joking about smoking weed and shit  too funny
 cries in weed is only decriminalized where i live 
 my street smells like weed and it isnt me 
 holy smokes... what a win for mu. feels good for kim.
 @collegehoopnews @bamagoose525 holy smokes did you guys seehear kim anderson leaving the court whoa
 first thing the uber said was feel free to smoke whatever in my ride
 not being able to smoke is torture
 you can grow like weeds until someone has to use poison to destroy you.. or you can grow like a forest and flourish after time of patience
 or holy smokes 
 my balcony door is ajar and now my room reeks of weed. just like that colorado is a special place. i might be high now.
 ...they said i look like a guy that smokes pot.  they ask me where can they get some. lmao 22
 i gotta smoke with @teannatrump straight up
 my floor smells like straight weed rn 
 when your hair smells like fog machine smoke. theaternerd
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli
 i finally get to smoke weed after over a week  my god do i feel better
 it sounds weird to me when people call weed pot. it would sound so slanderous when my mom yelled at me for making the house smell like weed.
 budd be walking through here smelling like he just walked through a garden of weed 
 got high on reggi bc i always smoke kush
 im never walking back to my room after a smoke session again forgot i was at state thought i was back in birmingham at lawson
 like smoking weed 
 my weed orange like a fucking cantaloupe
 so fucking tired of smelling cigarette smoke from my roommates
 positivity breeds like mother nature and her loving trees im thirsty for vibes that will get you high just like weed
 everyone that smokes hella weed got thick after high school.
 my 40 year old neighbor lady just asked me for weed
 its funny how my brother reacts when i smell like weed.
 i smell like musty weed. @danizzle
 @ayefatjay son i smell straight weed from behind you hahaha
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 cleared construction on ny135 nb from exit 6  boundary avenue to exit 7  hempstead turnpike  ny 24
 can just drive by with all the windows open hacking a smoke. no wonder uber is kicking ass in these parts. taxi
 so who smoked some weed in the school bathrooms 
 neighbor tells me she woke up amp smelled smoke  then went door to door to make sure everyone got out safely @wcnc 
 good morning kids im 79 dreadlocks and 21 weed 
 ill always smoke weed its just what im good at. 
 smoking super cookies i might fly away  super loud  cash got mad cause i smoke a zip a day  fuck a pound
 my house smell like weed this a good smell
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 my car smell like oatmeal and weed
 holy smokes. politics is always crazy  but this may take the cake. 
 @thedaledickson i beg to differ dale. this hoodies more of like a gravel gray  where my sweatpants are kinda like a light smoke gray.
 cleared incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road
 @ryonhonea ooo they look fun  probably smoke my ass out there
 people who walk by and smell like weed....heaven 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 incident on palisadesinterstateparkway nb at exit 11 cr 80 new hempstead road 
 i love ucf  but it always smells like weed  pee or body odor
 you know the marijuana loud when just having it out on the table makes the whole house or area smellllll
 davis smelled like weed today
 using our 1190 pellet pro for smoking some jerky. check us out a smoke daddy inc.  instafood bbq barbeque grill 
 i like my bitches rollin i like my weed rolled
 woahhhh bart smells like straight up weed
 my grandmother will accuse me of smelling like weed even when i dont have any
 drexler can never bitch about the weed smell as long as that spray tan keeps smelling like mcdonalds. 
 you get holy weed 
 @astmintl announced the creation of a cannabis committee to make quality standards for the industry 
 reeer  puff puff beep beep rip smoke  grow little park plants haha
 . @astmintl announced the creation of a cannabis committee to make quality standards for the industry 
 i like when my grandparents leave in the morning then i can peacefully smoke in my backyard 
 theres always this one spot on campus that fucking reeks of weed.
 why does my  smell like weed 
 this train smells like weed and chicken nuggets. i guess someone is having a good day
 oh and then i wanna smoke a wine or apple flavored black amp mild and then regret the fact that my mouth  hands and clothes smell like tobacco
 good smoke 
 good morning  sippin on hot tea  smoking on good weed
 if i dont make it back to fl ots because i enjoy the legalized weed a lil too much  waytowashington
 im in such a bad mood im truly surprised smoke isnt coming out of my ears
 the weed here is amazing. its like liquor stores. but  instead of a liquor store  you walk into heaven.
 @helitzur this made me laugh like i have a smokers cough it was so weird lol
 oh my god vegas weed so trash me breaking it down making me even madder
 i feel like im the only one that dont smoke
 i always made sure you had whatever you needed  anytime. i always held it down with weed  food  money  clothes  prescriptions....
 its smells like weed and wendys @calliehatch57
 the whole store smell like weed
 my mom opened the pandora and then it smelled like straight up weed 
 true life my nigga doesnt like to smoke
 @loudobbs @potus  i agree. imo  weed out anyone who doesnt support president trumps agenda to makeamericagreatagain for good of americans
 smoking a red is like sucking a butthole. smoke a light like a normal human being. jeremy 
 the weed would let you know  evil lurks .
 im at town of hempstead in ny 
 trying to find passion where theres no love left  its like tying to put smoke back in this cigarette. 
 it feels so good not to smoke cigarettes anymore
 shout out to the jack off thats burning nasty shit thats making me smell like smoke  god bless you
 ive been smelling weed all day...reach into my my pocket and pulled out a bag i didnt even know i had. whoopz
 this is good green weed kids ya shit ya smoking some kaka 
 when your weed taste like fruity pebbles 
 i lt3u like my food  my weed  my boooooooooooooo 
 you know its warm out when you can smell the weed in the yard from the 2nd floor of douglass
 when the mall bathroom smells like weed
 when i was a little kid whenever all the big kids at the park smelled like weed but i thought it was some special cologne for older kids
 it smells like weed now universal is so wild
 @jjmitzner holy smokes 
 .@kirktousaw says as far as he knows  marc and jodie emerys store in vancouver does not sell cannabis. lounge amp re 
 i feel like my high goes away faster when i smoke alone 
  holy smokes 
 im at @walgreens in hempstead  ny 
 living in a upstairs apt is a big gamble.sometimes you can come home and itll smell like banana bread other times it smells like weed. 
 god im happy i dont smoke bc looking at some of these parents smoking while their babies are latched next to them hurts me
 everyone is ignoring me today im super annoyed and my neighbors keep smoking weed so now our house smells like weed
 sounds like a nightmare  the cannabis 
 im tryna smoke this bluecookie on my porch in peace n these niggas doin construction hella 
 i left my patio door open... we walked in and it smells like weed. either @puppyofasgard was blazing up  or thats just apartmentlife.  
 i left my patio door open... we walked in and it smelled like weed. either @puppyofasgard was blazing up  or thats just apartmentlife. 
 knock the todo list out the park then smoke one
 people who let weed be wasted like this have a special place in hell waiting for them. 
 @vaperchick whats the best lounge in la to smoke.
 that awkward moment when the guy who sells cigarettes and weed on the train runs into the k9 unit.
 good drank really bumping... its good chill and smoke music
 just wanna know my moms car smell like weed
 sucks about kubball but the good news is that our smoke shop is open 
 south beach smells like weed  sew in glue  and stds rn springbreak2k17
 well since mass decriminalized or legalized everywhere smells like weed now and its kind of annoying
 its like the new public smoking  like you wouldnt smoke cigs in an elevator but weeds fine now
 my uber smells like straight weed
 my mom wanted to smoke  but i wont let her smoke in my car  so i put my top down  she bitched that it was too cold. oops. convertible
 my mom wanted to smoke  but i wont let her smoke in my car  so i put my top down  she bitched that it was too cold. oops. convertible
 holy smokes 
 i feel like i just smoked a giant business bong. im either completely high or an entire new media reality has revealed itself to me.hungry
 people want to live in a cloud of smoke and not open a window. the doors of perception are our own. keep wearing your rose colored glasses.
 when you walk into the function    and the weed just as loud as the music  
 holy smokes
 outdoor malls are so fun bc who doesnt like to walk around and breathe in the smoke filled air
 me when i smoke with my white friends and they wanna play lana del rey 
 drinking something with the brains of tbb ken  rommel and dylan @ holy smoke 
 you taste like weed 
 i like girls who smoke weed  sue me dude
 my neighbor just offered to smoke me down and i cant smoke 
