 theyre all bums. all they do is smoke weed. pet cats. and listen to chance the rapper. @hannahpoynter 
 lets just hope it doesnt have marijuana in it because i am going to die
 give me a destination so i can charge my phone and cry and smoke and possibly cease to exist
 idk why but good pussy n better weed will do that to a playa 
 hey so my hs soccer team won states and they smoked alllll of the weed before games  so....shut up
 if you fein for weed youre a looser
 @jkap give me that sex weed
 after you catch her cheating spray bleach on her weed an tell her you bout a dub from her boy 
 idk if this is bragging rights or not but i have the same weedman as @21savage 
 i can literally smell wiers breath after he goes for a smoke break
 free lil smoke sum 
 @reemtheequeen when im in the studio i take smoke breaks today i went to meetings i didnt smoke or drink coffee how do u do this reem
 your man breaks up my weed
 no weed might turn my phone off straight up cuh
 being an original its means you embrace women not voting and blacks being slaves holy smoke scotus
 had @sincerelypatong grind up my weed she opened the top and was like oh shit whered the weed go 
 i smoke dick  your dick im dead 
 niggas smoke a lil weed  catch a weak charge and roll they skullies up and think they a goon now 
 when i smoke i just let my mind go. relax mode
 @drumpfforpres @vivalaames hey senor..youre late for your protest  all the hemp flags are going to be burned before you arrive.  maga
 i went out for a smoke n now im freezing its fuckin cold yo 
 if your girl smokes and cant roll she sucks dick bad facts
 tryna smoke some dick huh 
 its not love but its pretty close  hot fudge with a little smoke 
 let the smoke roll off your lips. 
 really tryna go to hempfields prom help
 someone pull up and smoke one
 analysis of world politics of ohio bushwick broolyn weedheads its fucked up
 @alxellt0308 @mikebresnahan @dloading yes  look at them  not for one game but for the 114 hes played in stop smoking the bad weed...
 i ride around in yo car  i put my weed in yo blunt
 finna smoke again n shit
 yo i love smokey 
 @taylorswift13 happen5  due to lack of knowledge of genetics. plus  patrick smoked. i love you sweetie. mwah.
 listen to lil tracy amp lil peep  backseat prod. smokeasac by lil tracy np on soundcloud 
 i love when me n my girl smoke then walk into a building n stink that hoe up 
 all the dudes on my campus do to impress hoes is smoke em out or stay with liq
 bitch my weed funky
 hope the weed in tampa is fire
 just tryna smoke and listen to chance and migos
 what is the moral thing to do if you find a hundred bags of marijuana weed on the ground
 me 2 lets smoke 
 @nerdyathomedad @rfhkerry i hope its not cuz of my medical marijuana smoking.
 i have a 53 reefer in providence  ri  empty now. does anyone have a good load for me call  801 4486363 mention twitter
 when miguel said his studio smelt like weed and gummy bears..
 come in for smoked wing wednesday  we will be serving wings all day bredgourmet bred 
 i hate texting ima pull up lets smoke and chill typa nigga
 chance is taking all the pretzel bags for weed
 as i sit in this smokey room the night about to end i pass my time with strangers but this bottles my only friend
 bitch you just wanna smoke til you fry
 53 reefer will be empty and ready to go in mechanicsville  va on 232017 in the morning. 801 4486363 mention twitter.
 now i got two bad bitches passin me the weed
 @pete0721 @reaidonaldtrunp lol @ republicans who smoke weed humanoxymoron
 bag of bones inside my closet  bag of weed inside my pocket
 niggas cant smoke till may  
 i swear to god if i was off today and aint have two tests ill smoke my life away cause my bitch is pregnant
 me n sidney are hanging out aka smoke a bunch of weed and fall asleep at 5 pm
 @charlespickens @bluethagoon get the script from the doc i drink it raw and smoke  pot
 shit serious yo smoke one for homes 
 another smoke sesh gettin contact high 
 hes so high  he can see the weed bags under his eye. yea hes up in the sky...
 im at gideons bbq smokehouse in glastonbury  ct 
 get smoked. lol. prolly not foreal. 
 not a smoker but pretty sure coffee breath is worst than smokers breath 
 smoke weed think about art and look at the clouds yo im liberal af
 .@justintrudeau an about face this large  swift  and harsh doesnt give me hope on your other big dreams  such as cannabis legalization
 stayin up till dawn cuz we talk all night  blowin smoke in the wind  watchin the sunrise
 tryna smoke a harambe dick
 simplicity is key and being clean is life  smoke shop is open until 1000pm for all your 
 bad bitches and good weed
 free weed skii 
 ready 2 smoke 
 @therealroseanne dragon ball 3 000 grams of pure cannabis oil 
 sitting. it is the new 2nd hand smoke.
 amp ya bitch break down my weed sometimes
 ian smoked in a lil minute
 im better than weed mixed with molly 
 if i dont smoke immediately im going to break stuff.
 cant have a smoke but the whole kitchen can take a 30. suck my dick.
 sometimes its good to just take a shit and smoke a square
 suck my dick  stay off my mentions before i smoke you cuz 
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 ready to smoke
 when the weed man hooks it up 
 get weed hoes
 i smoke denver nugs with my fourniers  i thread the needle like im ernest hemigway guui
 woman calls police after becoming victim of marijuana price gouging 
 woman calls police after becoming victim of marijuana price gouging 
 listen to no smoke prod. gnealz amp akachi by lil purpp smokepurpp np on soundcloud 
 come warm up burntends coleslaw cornbread bbq topchef @ smokehouse tavern 
 i forgot i have unlimited hot spot lmao i dont need wifi to do work on my laptop. oh shit we live. let me smoke a bowl real quick.
 put this in yo.pipe then smoke it...then tell me what you see when you inhale
 when your boss gives you his keys tells you he packed you a bowl and to take his car and drive around the black to smoke that bowl homies af
 my life would be infinitely easier if weed didnt have a smell
 lets smoke
 i dont smoke   but sometimes i need a smoke break
 when we smoked over christmas break  
 parker and i just remixed jesus take the wheel with jesus take the weed 
 i smoke a whole onion n try not to cry
 complex didnt have smoke break in the top 15 chance the rapper songs
 i need a box of dutches an wood for this zip of weed
 it goes down when u mix hen and marijuana
 @patmcafeeshow heads into retirement like a champ get the adderall and weed ready. barstoolrundown 
 fuck meek mill and every ashy nigga that uses his albumsmixtapes to crush their weed on. 
 bitches be fucking with dudes just for weed
 im awayyyyyyyyyyyy and yo bitch break down my weed sometimes
 had my drinks lol just picked up bid now ready to smoke 
 i was embarrassed by my early post and deleted it  i smoke pot and i love jesus. who will cast 
 i think @kerrijay just need a lil smoke session to take her mind off of things 
 @dreadloc400 danggg i hope only weed 
 hennessy  a bad bitch amp a bag of weed  the holy trinity
 baby  lets turn on some tunes and smoke this q
 in my poem my green little plant is undercover for weed hahah imnotslick
 some1 come smoke with me 
 oomf deadass sucked dick for weed lmaooo
 @jdmdante smoke by yo self then pass tf out baby
 bad weed... 
 these freshman smell like weed and prefume help
 till then i just break down all my weed like berlin
 @killerhogsbbq looks good.  we just had some pulled pork that wed smoked and cut into chunks and frozen for winter.  good stuff.
 @nathanyaffe legalizing weed amp facism are way different things man
 @davewellwisher let pot smokers out of jail and put these anarchists in their cells.  works for me.
 boi ill super man the whole blunt  shit it out  then smoke it again bitch fuck you mean 
 this manager in tacobell goin off about her sorry ass management taking too many breaks on the clock n smoke breaks. sound like they momma
 cant wait til una is tobacco free... i cant take the smoke blown in my face much longer 
 you cant die from second hand smoke if you first hand smoke 
 rise n shine i need fucking weed
 today 2pm sanfrancisco smokeshoponhaight 1376 haightstreet sf oldest smokeshop since 1968 
 im about to give in and smoke.
 just sit back n smoke to the same cut
 ... i should probably stay in the car .. i have a pound of weed on me .. give or take
 i need me an art hoe to chain smoke american spirits and argue politics with while on the way to a pretentiously overpriced museum
 today 2pm sanfrancisco smokeshoponhaight 1376 haightstreet sf oldest smokeshop since 1968 
 you can now buy and sell weed on the toronto stock exchange  via @fpinvesting
 travel intermission with a cuban coffee and an @ajfcigars last call. perfect smoke for this 
 you a lammeeeeeeee and yo bitch break down my weed sometimes. 
 says the class pres w a small dick that sends nudes and smokes pot .  
 @walkthetalkbern @wastedtime01 @jkh2 they were protesting for free weed  an investigation into the link between vaccines and autism
 wheres the hemp seed oil  
 we smoke that chlorophyll till we cant feel
 @egotheicon @cplsolo @fiameburg listen man fly me out we will smoke any team in my path
 @lovethatrailmix ...fine... but only if i get to be cremated and rolled into a joint to be smoked by my dearest
 when you go have a smoke session w your oldest and little brother and it turn into a photo shoot  
 santa cruz weed 
 ill probably be a senior citizen on twitter tweeting about marijuana and veganism
 corey you ever smoked crack me hell nah ur trippin corey i smoked crack once.. for 3 years. mecollapses to the ground dying laughing
 2nd hand smoke will probably be the death of me 
 919 pm im concluding romo will the cowboys backup next season. the release of romo  smoke amp mirrors didnt work.
 can cannabis sales benefit the economy @justintrudeau  free @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 recap. met kevin harvick  smoke  dikembe mutombo  carrot top  clint boyer amp danica patrick. amp xavier locked in a bid. amp in vegas. goodday
 currently having the biggest smoke sesh in tampa bay history. pull up if you have some loud
 wild n out amp weed  hope i pass out 
 @mattbeltran7 it blows my mind that niggas smoke white owls 
 you a laaaaaame and ya bitch break down my weed sometimes
 @trakaizer @kissesx0x0 @acetobe @frvmes @dopejacobb @showtimeo we can have a smoke off and a roll off. aint no issue 
 jessicas eulogy me and this hoe smoked.  me and this hoe drank.  me and this hoe almost got arrested together.  that was my hoe.
 this about sums it all up in a nutshell...bathroom at skippers smokehouse in tampa 
 clocked out and now i am boutta smoke like 6 blunts yaaaaas
 fishman sighting at skippers smokehouse in tampa fishiseverywhere 
 so @byung61 for the okeechobee sticker smokeechobee lives on 
 when bitches in high school looked down on the niggas that smoked weed  look at them now fuckin skanks
 uncle johns band skippers smokehouse tampa 
  the more weed i smoke the less fucks i give  .
 santa claus all i want is a bag of weed and two fat bitches  and two bags of chips to give to the bitches
 let me smoke my weed
 yo what the fuck is this weed coffee lemme in on this 
 i have a lil box where i have my weed stuff amp opened it  underestimating how strong itd smell but bitch it smelled so good i wanted to cry
 @niydasavage on bd you smoke like that 
 give me that dank weed bitch
 my lil brother bitch ass not answering his phone. im just tryna smoke witchu slime.
 smoking weed while getting your dick sucked gtgtgt
 all i want is two fat bitches amp a bag a weed amp two bags of chips so i can give em to the fat bitches
 spring break aint like it used to be high school  now i just smoke a little more then usual and call it a day
 spring break aint like it used to be high school  now i just smoke a little more then usual and call it a day 
 dear santa  all i want is two fat bitches amp a bag of weed
 when the weed man hooks up that extra .5 
 a bag of weed a bag of weed
 lol idk why i smoked but idk im laughing when i be on my bfs shi
 uwg we throughing a chillback low music . n everyone can just come smoke   n play some drinking games n actually be able to hear yourself
 blunt smoked  bitch whats yo name again
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 when youre racing home from getting smoked out cause theres wings waiting on you gtgt
 i only smoke baccwoods
 now that im up im boutta smoke and play my p4
 toronto trends now emery  cannabis culture  mark  regent park  king. 
 bombski smoked 330 feet in centerfield. so glad baseball is back sharks 
 not being able to smoke in your car sucks man
 it smell like mad weed and an idea onion bagel  peels flakes of onion off bagel n takes a bite  
 sometimes i smoke crack
 they making fake weed so it can look bad 
 15 minutes of pulling weeds and i am ready to call it a day.
 and my  house the definition of alcoholism and weed addiction
 toronto trends now emery  cannabis culture  mark  regent park  pearson. 
 i hope my mama let me smoke in the car cause this a long ass ride to not be high. 10 12 hours on the road amp no smoke nah
 fuck round and get yo ass smoked just like some hickory
 @seanhannity  politics is like war. sometimes you must pull back amp regroup to achieve maximum results. let libs know their blowing smoke.
 @walshfreedom drinking is stupid.  theyll pass this but will keep cannabis criminalized. why does th government get to tell me how to live
 @javo54321 @mininac @justintrudeau but people who do choose to consume cannabis should not be criminalized
 @korenzailckas cool. i hope they have qampa  you should ask amy hempel why you cant find the cemetery where al jolson is buried on apple maps
 im not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary  but  
 when i used to smoke i was lucky cause my eyes are foreal always squinty lolol
 girls who smoke cigarettes  you could be the baddest bitch out there but as soon as you pickup a cig ill pass
 if she thinks a new haircut will make her more popular  the weed she smoking is quality stuff 
 my alarm is smoke break by chance 
 @youknowsimba lets inject some weed or take a couple puffs of some xans 
 @maxinewaters @cnnpolitics wheres theres smoke there is fire amp this russian mess  is hot  hot  hot amp includes the highest ppl in politics
 this dude at my job ask this african is he eating smoked elephant for his lunch. im  crying over here. 
 need some dick and some weed
 someone has to be smuggling that og ganja on this bus lol its smells tooo much like it bruh  funny thing is is that greyhound....
 would actually be a great way to move weed from area to another.. no one checks bags n stuff like that.. not tryna give no ideas but lol 
 got me smoked out in a house fulla bad bitches. 
 let me get a 10 min smoke break so i can roll up then
 spring break  bitch smoke a blunt
 but he also has a hook that goes bitch lets fuck so i can smoke again which  while a dopeass hook that does all the hookey things right
 @dbarg8 jbiebs xoxox is to wiz khalifas love for marijuana as the prayer is loud.
 the q smoke wagon is heatin up swing by one of our locations below today or tomorrow  locations  
 the q smoke wagon is heatin up swing by one of our locations today or tomorrow  locations  
 the weed legalization convo started in the break room  i gotta leave before i get heated at this old white bitch that i know is homophobic
 every college student broke  but have the money to buy liq  weed  and go to places like miami during spring break 
 i didnt know you smoked you never smoke me out  get yo own shit  broke ass bitch
 ottawa trends now trudeau  cannabis culture  jim watson  jordan peterson  brock. 
 ari loves to collect dumb hoes and bring them with her to smoke 
 i smoke my own shit  fat  keep yo swisher 
 pass that weed  like i studied
 holy smokes. azfl. watch this bad boy. its going to fly.
 getcha lil junior whopper clique smoked up.
 toronto trends now emery  cannabis culture  regent park  pearson  king. 
 @cnnpolitics wheres theres smoke there is fire and a smelly burnt chunk of comb over hair. bye bye fakepresident
 @araetwd hope he has so smokes
 last day smoke  free 6 slots   available    djlegacyltsb@gmail.com  @mymixtapez 
 this is not confirmed by people outside cannabis culture say emerys just got bail.
 fly across the country smoke flavors eat good 
 this thing with djt is significant and might help pull spx out of the weeds.
 barrel aged curmudgeon is that smokey sweet fire at 13 abv kbsweek michiganbeer 
 @brandonlgtaylor listen to smoke signals by phoebe bridgers 
 its so hard to work when youve had a dear family member pass. sad times at the hempnerd shop. 
 girls  cigarettes are so nasty  lip gallagher smokes a cigarette  girls  omg hes such a bad boy i wanna call him daddy
 vancouver trends now canuck  cannabis culture  victo  elton john  marc and jodie emery. 
 toronto trends now emery  cannabis culture  pearson  king  toronto. 
 how dare you judge me bc i smoke
 backwoods i cant smoke no dutch
 when the ganja tastes like chewing gum 
 im tired of girls bragging about not having to pay for weed 
 fuckin smoke 
 what are cannabis topicals and how do they work | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 @loginhdi i dare you to put this comment or i will destroy weedle
 homies smoked me out on my break
 if your smoke break is an hour  it is not longer a break.
 if your smoke break is an hour  it is no longer a break.
 smoke good weed w a bad bitch..
 ok i smoke hella weed n yes it is lmao 
 yall fuccin with the weed  
 need a bitch thats gone suck my dick while i smoke my weed
 @johniadarola  cuddle up with your significant other and smoke some weed.
 new olivier assayas looks good. summer hours his short about maggie gyllenhaal buying weed were cool  very french 
 lets smoke
 @misterhearn holy smokes  really how much stamina do you need to tame it
 vancouver trends now canuck  cannabis culture  elton john  marc and jodie emery  victo. 
 when u piss her off she just pull on me we smoke 1 thin she tell me how she ion want yo lame 
 toronto trends now emery  toyota camry  cannabis culture  march break  pearson. 
 lets smoke weed in seattle  im here until tomorrow 
 proud to announce ill be in amarillo  tx on april 8th at cowboy gelato smokehouse from 8 to 11pm then returning on april 22 @txmusicoffice
 hanging just to smoke boy you lame as a bitch
 you smoke a facial and not high its established that youre ready to smoke crack
 i smoke my biggest blunt while i break a bitch
 when muhfuckas smoke blacks amp ports after a dutch to boost their high idunno what high youre chasing obviously you ready for crack 
 senators ask doj to uphold existing policy on state marijuana laws  
 i need me a lil baby who gone listen and to smoke tuff with
 no its make your high better your face will pulse a lil tho rt @richlonelyjuan hey yall  is it a bad idea to mix oxycodone and marijuana
 shes right the oxy gives a euphoric high thats enhances the weed high bro rt @richlonelyjuan nvm its you 
 toronto trends now toyota camry  emery  cannabis culture  march break  don meredith. 
 hope jondecker laid in a supply of good weed before he lost his mind in front of folks  and ruined his life. might help him chill.
 marc and jodie emery and cannabis culture associates freed on bail in toronto 
 i got bitches and marijuana
 my brothers back my laptop charger will be here monday  i have a new weed connect amp a new client. have a blessed weekend yall good vibes 
 i think im a little more excited to go to tampa on wednesday and visit cigar shops and smoke cigars than the arnold palmer invitational
 yall smoke lebron pipe so much pause like look at what harden and westbrook doing ... kyrie his savior  
 how about im not texting snapping calling facetiming  tweeting  facebooking  instagramming or smoke signaling lex until tuesday.
 its spring break hoesblunt 5 down lets see how many i can smoke before i pass out 
 toronto trends now amber alert  toyota camry  emery  cannabis culture  jane and lawrence. 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 pink molly thats what ya wifey do while i smoke my weed 
 knowledge @ st smoke shop 
 love being able to smoke anywhere lmao  
 im ready to smoke.
 you can catch feelings  ill smoke on this dank...
 brenda really asked me if i wanted to smoke she said  pregnant girls can smoke  hahah no not this one 
 date night includes the grand pups smokey and bandit. 
 i die watching @therealjuicyj on snapchat getting free weed and saying shut the fuck up 
 @conchron @sfchronicle warriors have been exposed as smoke and mirrors. never mind finals  itll be a quick playoff exit.
 took a nap. finna smoke  eat  clean  and do some homework .
 @knbrmurph in the last 2 weeks the warriors have been exposed as smoke and mirrors.
 still cant believe action bronson said i smoke till i got down syndrome
 damn fsu is getting smoked... nd looks like they might make a deep run in the tourney
 jodie amp i are out under onerous and punitive bail restrictions. cannot own dispensaries and cannabis culture  cant go in them. 
 bitch stayed getting free weed centralrys17
 glitter titz amp frozen liquid marijuana
 look at my eyes the weed put me in another vibe  
 hit the weed n breathe its a cold ass world
 rangers been getting smoked in spring training.
 im bouta catch a contact all the smoke in this building
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 chance the rapper  smoke break coloring book 
 my bestfriend is the greatest  she got me an edible  weed amp a preroll   love youz @enimzajsomar
 free smoke. . @ weho arts 
 will i smoke this bitch  yes. probably fail my piss test . get rid of those fake breast an put a vest on this bitch chest 
 where are the bad bitches that smoke weed at  roll something up for a g
 if a white person smokes newports they blacc
 sell weed amp fuck bitches  
 when muhfuckas smoke blacks amp ports after a dutch to boost their high idunno what high youre chasing obviously you ready for crack 
 pull up and smoke this blunt
 happilyeverhoodjer bachelor party for lil d  @ old crow smokehouse 
 oh what id give for a puff of some really good weed right now stupidmeanborderpatrol
 @jaheine97 cool fag i cant smoke anymore
 roll me another blunt  smoke till i can fly 
 i need a bitch that smoke papers 
 i know my usual gag is make a room as smokey as possible but now im trying to go to bed and its smokey as hell so jokes on me
 second dominoes delivery guy smoked out lol
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 toronto trends now amber alert  toyota camry  emery  cannabis culture  jane and lawrence. 
 america first time to get rid of useless senators this is just the tip of the spear plenty more. weed them out 
 ottawa trends now trudeau  cannabis culture  mark  carleton  march break. 
 im ready to smoke weed now.
 holy smokes. im becoming a disney annual passholder
 toronto trends now amber alert  toyota camry  emery  cannabis culture  mark. 
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 ottawa trends now trudeau  cannabis culture  mark  march break  shaw. 
 ottawa trends now trudeau  cannabis culture  mark  march break  shaw. 
 how i used 2 b able 2 puff beforeduring work n perform managerial job seamlessly now i smoke like 1 spliff n evryone can read my mind sad
  maga sessions is going to try n take your weed n ryan ur hc away. thats two promises broken.
 ottawa trends now trudeau  cannabis culture  daylight saving time  mark  jordan peterson. 
 toronto trends now amber alert  emery  cannabis culture  mark  march break. 
 im to fat for this   i be dying already . then trying to smoke too .. nah  
 cant smoke the git so pass the henny till the check my pee
 in the span of 24 hours @cakelaaa has microwaved her mascara and made the microwave smoke and has also exploded a bottle in the freezer
 @brithume @nooneishere51  dude  called street justice  cop pulls you over  he says i smell marijuana  well you know the rest of the story
 smoke a lil weed but stuff together
 ottawa trends now trudeau  cannabis culture  carleton  daylight saving time  mark. 
 say what a republican just introduced a bill to end the federal prohibition of marijuana. 
 yo lets smoke
 made it to 26 with no kids no record and plenty of weed to roll up 
 next girl in another state who says she loves me  im flying over  giving wack dick  n smoking all their weed. lets see how this goes
 heres a 14 second stock footage of smoke 
 cuz fucked you  you hated it. you smoked his blunts  he hated it.   obviously you shouldve gotten a room after bad sex but you rolled up.
 @walshfreedom hope a semi smokes your ass the next time youre on a freeway  bitch.
 when u call ur homegirl to smoke a blunt and by the end of the phone call its actually a homie coming to give ya that good dickgtgtltgtltltltgtgtgtgtlt
 @lordv basically  girl flies out to meet dude from twitter  they fuck  its bad  she smokes his stash  he kicks her out  she bashes him
 never mind he not from the city nomo he let the bitch smoke all his weed
 i smoke weed cus life sucks.
 lol twitter is so funny but my grandmother would smoke you  
 pawcircle to all the twitter pals who have sent smokey purrs and prayers and support  i sincerely thank you. he crossed otrb this morning.
 legalizeit marijuana hemp cops raid cannabis culture stores across canada | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 say what a republican just introduced a bill to end the federal prohibition of marijuana @themotleyfool stocks  
 @tomfgoodwin @chenoehart see this with boston dynamics. nothing from them for months and then  holy smokes its a bipedal robot with wheels
 i need some1 to smoke me up asap pls
 bye twit feel free to come visit me at smokey point outback for lunch or snohomish outback for dinner 
 cheers  stpattysday pubcrawl big987fm @ nobull smokehouse 
 add some music n weed well hell u no idea where i take u bc up
 my house is the definition of alcohol amp weed addiction
 yo ass know u smoke  
 smoke and play video games. talk about life. smoke more. grab grub. figure out what hoes to dm 
 omfg.... smoked flavor which is not overpowering super well balance ja... selassie  photo
 i guess smokeco2 detectors connected to the internet are vulnerable to nsa hacks also.
 id be able to pull off white nails if i didnt smoke so much 
 smoke weed just to meditate gotcha bitch and ya sister on a double date
 i get to my mums house and its obvious my brother has already smoked pot inside since they left for vacation. idiot.
 take me to the shop and ill smoke you out and give you 
 im sorry yall. i cannot write about chinese music without getting into the weeds about scales and modes. musictheoryforever
 hot fudge and a lil smoke
 check out benefits of da drought hosted by dj smoke on spinrilla. 
 rolling weed on my phone call that iloud
 @symphhh unblock my number before i tell mom we smoked in her house lmao
 but i cant smoke gt.gt 
 baby backs are done. lets eat  bbq assassinsmokers @ palmetto smoke bbq team 
 the 10 yo is calling 911 now saying the 14 yo brother shouldnt be there and is going to smoke marijuana.
 toronto trends now amber alert  emery  cannabis culture  march break  toronto. 
 i hate bitches tht wan smoke and dnt kno how to do tht or roll...a bitch would have to fight me wasting my weed lik 
 ppl that know me from ig  omg your that girl that smokes  haha your so pretty and lit dude where do you live ppl from twitter  die bitch
 dinner date with my fam jam naterin223 johnericbowen @ porkys pride smoke house 
 cask condition cant miss the smoke but not tasting much spice... earl spit stout 
 ill just smoke cigs n cry i guess
 dude i just saw @herobust walking around @thebukuproject and i missed my chance to smoke a blunt with him  lets smoke one homie
 toronto trends now amber alert  emery  cannabis culture  toronto  prince of pot. 
 the laughing gas cocktail. kavalan whiskey if taiwan  viognier  lime amp pineapple  smoked honey 
 if you cant make it to @laloungecigars today  come to melodybarandgrill and smoke with 
 for some reason the tournament breaks here only last 10 mins. not sure how all the tourney players are supposed to smoke a bowl in that time
 holy smokes   patrick kane.
 lmfaoooooo bitch she did it w anger. grind your weed now amp smoke bleach  
 when you trying to smoke alone cause its spring break lol and mfs stalking 
 i dont smoke  but sometimes i need a smoke break
 where the hoes where the weed where the gs at
 so why this boy just take our money and pull off on us and didnt give us our weed
 this weed got me laughing like a hyena
 duffys stays packed  loud  n full of cigar smoke. time to bounce  
 toronto trends now emery  cannabis culture  toronto  prince of pot  house. 
 my weed man gave me a xtra gram on accident 
 not doing shit till i smoke.
 customs officer just interrogated me cause he swore i had weed amp said trust me i cant wait to retire so i can smoke a fat doobie
 i smoke weed just to meditate
 @azdeuce you literally have false info on it tho. how cant you see that. there are zero facts against weed.
 just me weed and my peeps
 only miss violet could have me out freezing my fingers off having a smoke. @ rocky creek farm 
 let that bitch hit my blunt now she love to smoke
 action bronson and wiz khalifa get high af while talking about the business of weed  via @complexmaglife sic420ca
 you smoke another word for lets fuck.
 lets goooooooooo lets smoke the goat miller
 @lilnewportsmoke fyd tonight lil smoke
 @azdeuce are you implying that weed created the cartel and all of the problems there again i hope this is sarcasm or something. damn
 bitches stay fucking to smoke 
 the marijuana loud so them hoes follow like twitter
 sip it till i feel it imma smoke it till its done
 toronto trends now emery  cannabis culture  toronto  prince of pot  raptor. 
 im at kennys smokehouse in plano  tx 
 im ready to smoke again
 trying smoke a  wit cold hands 
 i just want to go fast and blow some smoke this knee surgery is a bad deal. ready to get cleared friday
 aint. bragging just suppose to do this crap n y love fn comedy  my weedy cuz i wish was at a party n some friends crept gazing thru clues
 getting some smokes  puff puff give  ohhh not those types of 
 movie theater tonight  abouta drink and smoke 
 do you smile weed
 i been smoking weed for yeeeaaarssss and im just now able to roll lmao
 toronto trends now emery  cannabis culture  toronto  raptor  pearson. 
 i suck at math but im good at weed 
  smoke inside  cold outside  miguel  @taylorkeramis @michaeljallardd
 im here to smoke and kick it with my nikka supa d and im gone
 the longer i sit and smoke in silence  the louder the clock ticks fuck
 puff puff pass  blow smoke on these haters
 all we smoke is dutches 
 if she roll the weed good i buy the bitch aye pair of uggz
 im looking for weed or dick
 and my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction
 livepd  ive never seen sdo kevin lawrence lose his cool until he pulled over the weed and beer car with the unrestrained baby .
 @quickandqwerty lighter smoke but there were angstfilled echoes of ruby tuesday snl
 i got some fritos  frozen pizza and a bag of weed for the pink fat bitch 
 sorry dick weed  your base is catching on to your bullshit failures. well the smarter one are . 
 oh how fabulous to catch up with this beauty @carasantamaria @ the smoke house restaurant 
 i dont smoke but sometimes i need a smoke break
 pull up w a meal amp ill smoke you out
 knowledge @ st smoke shop 
 listening to lupe fiasco and going to smoke a small lil paper before i go to bed  make some tea  take it all in
 u ever smoked with someone and laughed cause they ugly 
 iwan a bitch thats like weed...get my mind off everythinggtgtgt
 all i want for christmas is 2 phat bitchs and a bag of weedmood
 music amp weed go hand to hand 
 someone ft me while i smoke and try to write five poems for english lmao
 all i want for christmas is 2 fat bitches and a bag of weed and 2 bag of chips to give to the 2 fat bitches  fridayafternext omggggg
 i need the weedman to risegrind shine
 a day in @djjuggin hood plent weed plenty hoes
 my niggas for life  peep the weed bag  that shit stays on me lmao  wholelottamobbshit rudemobb 
 and my house is the definition....if alcohol and weed addiction.
 are you a weed whacker cause your weed is whack yo
 now that its spring break  whose trying to smoke and watch the sunrise with me 
 @hookedonangela  angela i love your sexy  eyes lushes lips smoken hot body sweetie i would love to play with you sweetie
 @isayray your weed bill sucks  72 of state voters didnt ask for you to over complicate it. withdraw it now
 1 amp 2 bc im not a pussy bitch so im not gona cry amp i dnt smoke  
 only picture i found last night smh  ran into big homie smoke. migos culture living @ main 
 all always thought funny pull awful pranks on me like siphon gas or wondered sprays in face is f up sometimes smell in weed like ground air
 dick weed 
 i said bby just buy dutches cause you cant smoke for free
 @sunlorrie @marcdenomme @justintrudeau the elephant in room is wynne has promised union employees with jobs  monopoly distributing ont weed
 phone got tumble weeds n it 
 @jacquidelaney @paulfmacleod @jodieemery one can support legal weed and still recognize that the emorys are breaking the law as it stands.
 @parkerskey @sunlorrie but people on all sides understand what this is. and that @justintrudeau opened the bag of weed
 yo that facial i smoked lastnight fucked me up 
  bc thats yo lil smoke room 
 someone pull up  we can smoke on me.
 everyone is hanging w their friends since its spring break and im holding a box of tissues while sounding like a smoker of 30 yrs
 my house rlly is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction lmaooo
 lmao she got me out here freezing to smoke a cigg this bitch 
 @lotustom @corybooker if youre having trouble sleeping then you should definitely give the weed a chance.
 i love to smoke with pretty bitches
 monday 4pm steeleanddrex on @cknw well have marijuana activist @jodieemery join us live from toronto.
 mbs custom tackle the weedless wally peanut head jigs in stock . 40 mustad hook  38 oz  frog 
 yo lungs need to go to a vet. u smoke baby dicks. 
 the olshchargers will take on bishop mccort wednesday  at hempfield hs  in the 2nd round of the piaa playoffs tipoff is set for 730pm
 and yo bitch break down my weed sometimes 
 if you smoke cigarettes while youre pregnant youre going to hell
 them chicks with the black lips from backwoods and wood tipped black n mild smoke gone ride ya dick until ya socks get crunchy
 happy birthday to the og cubs baseball player @jordykemp47 ur one of the better kids to ever attend hempstead  
 papa john amp @jacobjessedage having some serious talk on smoke break. 
 we got free smoke for these bitches beat yo ass then hit yo man up 
 @steve27kane comparing the fight for ending racial segregation to marijuana access issues lacks sensitivity and common fucking sense.
 you smoke thats unattractive  yeah well suck my dick
 walked pass a chick in a panda onesie  people begging for marijuana and wrestlers doing a 
 always a new bitch n my inbox every month like bye bitch  u cn hav rc he a nthn ass nigga tht cnt gt shit in his name but a weed card
 @robbbanks we can smoke in the venue
 spring break is not an excuse to smoke 100 cigs in 5 days 
 once  in new orleans  i had to pull over to the side of a road and wait until the weed wore off.
 i feel like s man in a ladys graceful n balance as poise am catty  lady a charm n love hangin intel guys damn it smoking n 100 liquor weed
 we in mothafuckin amsterdam finna fuck their bitches amp smoke their weed 
 @bitchpudding smoke not smile
 big woods  good smoke 
 look what the weed make yo bitch do 
 some1 kome over n smoke a cig w me
 mike brown traded a bag of weed for the 2 boxes of wraps...............
 no joke  boston smells like weed and dunkin donuts... legalizeit
 let me get that one women who i can call to and smoke  chill with  have a good ass time together....and im good
 okay bye twitter  shower smoke   n cook 
 @jaymcintyre1 i do for the easy stuff such as weed laws and doctorassisted dying. im underinformed on the big stuff.
 who tryna smoke  pull up
 wont pass the weed but ill pass a bitch  not my bitch
 i hope my momma go get my weed 
 no better grub in duluth than  northern waters smokehaus. hands down. 
 about to snuggle up with austin  watch hell on wheels amp smoke some the walking dead later too  its a chill sunday lazysundayz
 if you cant roll his weed for him he has a side bitch that can
 bad bitches who smokee is my weakness
 he said he only smokes cohiba. cohiba cubancigar cuban calleocho @ calle ocho 
 mywillclearlystates i must be cremated  mixed in with my stash  and smoked by everyone at my funeral 
 @joeylogano thats now 3 current gibbs drivers youve had incidents with...and dont forget smoke. learn to drive clean pal.
 all i smoke is skrilla  yo bitch look like a thriller 
 where the girls tht dnt do no drugs just smoke some weed
 yeah  democrats love chasing smoke  here is actual smoke  chase this  
 bitch better buy her own weed. 
 so proud of smokey joes cafe  platinum  2nd overall  amp recompeted in the primetime live finals 
 @amctalkingdead richard karl looks like jerry reed from smokey and the bandit.
 i love it when they call me big papa  i only smoke blunts if they rolled propaa
 fuck boys me n jordan have weed n wine n bob ross
 why suck on smoke when you can suck on my dick
 whateva ya need yo i got it  whether its money or some weed or putting in work fucking than im ridin  schoolboy q
 niggas smoke black n milds like they newports down hurr
 exactly what most yall  are dick and weed suppliers 
 fuck yo weed i got my own smoke 
 im bored someone pull up lets smoke
 nah i suck at math  im good at weed
 fitting to smoke some wead
 idk why ppl dnt like chicks that smoke cigarettes its kinda hot sometimes lmao
 triston tompson got smoked by harden all night. idk why they kept switching him onto harden on the pick and roll
 like 4 ppl told me they will buss my head if i pull up on em.. im not a sting i got my own weed little bitty bitches  tfuck.
 anxiety sucks. i need to smoke. frick today.
 hate when hood rat ass bitches be tryna make you feel small just bc they think they bad af cause they smoke and shit
 jk bitch i love my weed
 all i want is two fat bitches and a bag of weed and two bags of chips to give to the fat bitches
 got a bitch that smoke me out on command
 lets smoke and lay together. sometimes. 
 @justintrudeau @marcscottemery has as much right to profit of of cannabis legalization as does @tweedinc @canopygrowth
 dear santa all i want for christmas is two fat bitches and a bag of weed and two bags of chips to give to the two fat bitches
 before i die  i will meet cardi b  have sex with a celebrity  become a celebrity  participate in an orgy full of bad bitchs amp smoke w wiz..
 wow let me smoke and finish my homework   twitter is annoying 
 youre right  smokey. my bad.  
 i said baby just bag that shit cuz u can smoke for free
 @iorettaiynch  i cant wait till all the obozo hacks are weeded out amp youre arrested
 aka smoke and meditate hours 
 yo i need some weed
 if yo bills paid amp fridge filled bitch smoke yo dope every hour of the day amp do wtf you want.
 all we smoke is loud  antiquite  catch a opp lackin and we hit em up  aint that a bitch  i just wanna count bands and smoke dopeeee
 i love problem solving over a few drinks n relaxed nature easy maneuver in dark n chill out music art n me  a wiz but weed intensifying
 whoever keeps posting smoke purp   xavier wulf and lil pump all getting unfollowed 
 sierra lets go smoke a cig tay hold on let me catch this pokmon
 @usualninja n smoke them hoes down to they stingers 
 i learned to fly as trial n era get my feet up off ground scary n i mastered that thru music n weed helps me process my pain in my art
 i hope somebody smoke tomi lahren she a bitch
 ima be really embarrassed if i end up dying before my mom kow and she finds out i had weed in my system.
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 chances are ill be late amp be able to smoke this clip
 @rawbitch1st  so where we meeting at today since im off cuz clearly u want smoke n im damn sure ready to give it to you 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 smoke weed all day till wednesday nigga
 this chick who sits behind me says people who smoke weed smell but this bitch smokes 3 packs of cigarettes a day and it makes me gag
 waking up and having weed breath ltltlt
 wheniamonmyowni inhale soothing smoke to cleanse my chakras amp balance my chi. 
 swear ill smoke a whole box of newports when im stressing and i cant hit a blunt
 hoes be nekkid n twerking on that shit so i just need to know can i smoke a lil weed
 hope youre not out here stealing weed on the side out of ngas stashes.
 i cant smoke no swisher bitch im on my garcia
 swishers trash. white owls smoke. 
 fogo island cod cheeks | smoked buttermilk | baby leek | nori cured quail yolk | smelts 
 im at smoked amp stacked  @smokednstacked in washington  dc  
 i dont judge a chick that smokes cigarettes but if yo pack 3.85 im definitely cool 
 i hate who gon put the weed in me ass hoes.
 pull up and smoke 1 in ya driveway
 lets smoke
 say what a republican just introduced a bill to end the federal prohibition of marijuana @themotleyfool stocks  
 tell the truth my weed louder than meek in the booth
 @blindingassault sido showed me a pic from dads 2014 party and said we smoked marijuana that day suck on it
 i know youre hurting if you just turned down free weed
 holy smokes its cold outside. warm your insides with some choolaah chai. dcweather 
 these kids get so butt hurt if they cant smoke on break 
 some1 come over and smoke with me
 i can still remember how the weed smelt. thats why im not wearin my seatbelt
 i go to school do my homework and smoke weed its a routine
 .@kellyannepolls  srsly  shut up amp sit down. if all youre willing amp able to be is part of the smokescreen  you have no positive value to us
 tim and i take candy breaks every time someone else takes a smoke break
 addicted to weed  and big butt bitches 
 you pregnant hoes will stop eating seafood cuz its bad for the baby but wont put the cigs and weed down tf
 @justintrudeau wants credit for legalizing weed he fought for sacrificed  amp risked nothing. @marcscottemery @jodieemery the heros.cdnpoli
 @pollymaeve my mum suffers from chronic pain so she was in heaven in seattle where weed is legal. she prefers edibles but smoking helped
 i smoke to much ill be lucky to catch a buzz off a blunt
 rappers about to blow up 1. smoke purpp
 no bitch you cant smoke for free
 let them eat marijuana  i am marie antoinette
 im giving technical support to a client on the phone while im pulling weeds amp tweeting this now thats how you multitask
 when you give your boss a ride and your car smells like weed...
 the cannabisinfused dinner party trend makes its way to nevada  via @elevatenv marijuana lasvegas cannabiz
 secret is out. they all smoke crack. i ment pot. no they just here voices and see stuff. lol stand up minoritys an 
 niggas go to jail for a lil weed and parking tickets then jump out that bitch like they el chapo 
 @rentradewind african violets  chickadees  weeds and grass gtwlt 
 @coch4nel no problem they have them at midtown smokeshop
 im pilt. this my last time until spring break  so dont ask me to smoke...cuz ima say yea.
 smoke weed and do homework
 getting ready for spring blizzard. stinging nettle soup  smoked ricotta and brioche crouton. 
 the wtcid  lechon fat washed barrel aged cachaca  demerara bitters  orange peel  smoke  and a 
 i did good today somebody smoke me out for the culture
 im just trying to smoke dope with chxpo and do blow with tracy tbh
 @jewishjen smoked a bowl on commercial break lets gooooo
 smoke weed w another bitch. 
 lmaoooo this bitch said do you smoke an edible 
 how many weight watchers points are these weed gummy worms girlshbo
 just smoked up a lil and ready for this monday night raw wweraw rainbone tonight boys @nobutter16 @kkavianpour @mexicanperuvian
 dont play with my weed play with yo bitch
 white people aint got no lips because they be pressed to smoke the whole pack of squares during a 5 minute smoke break.
 got my weed n drank  we straight
 im ready to smoke
 all i smoke is dutch now
 off the weed but im snortin 3 lines like adidas
 kells should be on the cover of @hightimesmag .. cuz he sure as hell smoke a lot of weed. highquality loud 
 raven looks like a smokebomb byenick
 dude  @kellyannepolls has a microwave that turns into a camera mine just turns into a smoke machine and a kitchen timer ripoff
 i used to smoke newports
 its a shame when you cant even give up smoking weed while your pregnant  dontcomeformebum
 somebody pull up im tryna hotbox ill smoke you out 
 just tryna smoke  wheres everyone @ 
 some of u bitches just smoke weed to look cool
 though i hate these two coworkers cause they both take smoke breaks together and end up taking 35 mins on there break.. it annoying
 i got some coco puffs  weed and a mountain dew and im ready for he bachelor
 damn i missed being able to smoke in my own apartment 
 i rather not smoke if i have to buy 5 dutches god is helping my addiction.
 tryna smoke n chill n vibe n plot
 just know we smoked a blunt on santa monica pier ferris wheel 
 if u dont throw up and immediately smoke a blunt after are you really on spring break 
 my mother was an alcoholic  so...i gtfod asap. my copd is due to 2nd hand smoke inhalation. i have back pain cuz 
 i need some smoke turkey legs for wednesday dinner
 my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction
 im dead this nigga really said we like to be clean when we smoke and pulls out a bottle of hand sanitizer  nogamesplayed
 @ohheymissay lets smoke sometime 
 my high school experience can be summed up as arriving late  walking past a boy in a car n cant tell if hes smoking weed or sucking his dick
 mine was a smoke detector in my dorm room  not a microwave.
 who can i pull up on and smoke 
 my sex better than weed mixed with molly girl 
 tony stewart would be the best at doing a shine run. cmon  his nickname is smoke. good luck tryna run ridges with him
 if i cant fall asleep like 20 mins after i smoke this cig then bye i give up on life
 just give me some weed  pencils and paper so i can write you a hook on your next track.
 someone please help me ban second hand smoke 
 nights at adams  listen to music till we literally pass out off weed.
 march 29  2017 530 pm streator fire department ...on this date and time  the second year of our smoke alarm program will get underway.
 when it come to smoke you hoes messy  and i like to fight
 tuesday had blizzard in n.y. bout access damage as i go smoke an do what i like yo do
 ready 2 smoke this tuesday
 how many of you hoes gone take care of smoke when i break his jaw 
 @marcscottemery @jodieemery @justintrudeau is handling legalizing weed. as incompetently as trump is handling replacing obamacare. cdnpoli
 love my mom so much but cant wait till i have my own crib with like 3 dogs and a big glass table i could break my weed up on.
 repost smokenstrokegang with @repostapp  this wednesday come out n show love to the real me 
 i cant stress how much i hate the smell off second hand smoke
 hanging just to smoke boy you lame as a bitch.
 im having severe marijuana withdrawals my head hurts so bad
 raise awareness on the effects that fake weed can cause on an individual. fakeweed syntheticmarijuana addiction 
 fuck it ill just smoke nd play zombies w lil bro
 finished all 8 seasons of weeds in a week happy spring break
 when your last resort weed man live across the street
 migos ft. marci amp mula  smoke amp ride prod. @vybe mixed @czogotbeats  
 @coldsmoke88 and i fear the old school cool of a blunt is being killed by weed better attune to a bowl. the puff  puff pass is dying
 @whitneycummings showed snoop dogg how to smoke  taught amy shumer how to tell a joke  also makes pornstars cum whi 
 @whitneycummings showed snoop dogg how to smoke  taught amy shumer how to tell a joke  also makes pornstars cum whi 
 you laaaaaame  amp ur nigga break down my weed sometime
 someone pull up and smoke
 fuck getting some inna car  its yo cold to even smoke inna car 
 march 24th lex12 cigar event at lil brown smoke shack @lilbrownsmoke 
 government weed can suck my whole dick ima just call the plug 
 im out of weed till friday so i guess im going on a lil smoke break
 someone give me a quick ride for a smoke up
 @normeisen as you know norm  there are no coincidences in politics or business. more smoke.
 my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction
 grandview tx fire smoke plume seen on 1km vis satellite. 
 ive sold every smoke shop near me out of honey dutches lol
 ready to smoke the og ya dig
 holy smokes  very twitte that has to do with the obamas involvement in shadow  is being deleted...why
 i love jesus but i smoke a lil weed
 hope everyone has weed n wraps
 save the date. were having a free workshop on cbd and hemp with @youpluscbd on 322 @ 7pm @ grassroots 
 me hi student athlete high sorryi dont smoke weedthe only thing i be smokinis the other team during playoffs
 i smoke weed   get money   goofy amp loyal so like wheres my bitch at 
 im pretty sure youre not supposed to smoke while youre pregnant 
 if youre snowed in with no weed  i feel bad for you
 dude the government be testing chapos brick weed from the 90s  
 i love my smoke break playlist on spotify
 fock bad bitches  smoke big blunts  
 i said baby just bad bitches because u cant smoke de free shittttttttttttttttttttttttt
 analysis | government marijuana looks nothing like the real stuff. see for yourself.  @zhangmona
 bitch lets fuck so i can smoke again
 pull up and bring me a half and lets smoke nigga 
 me and bitches gone smoke that together lmao
 shouts to @ct3  legal weed is the move today is a travel day but catch @adlib76s primitive 
 if your a famous rapper can you write off weed and alcohol on your taxes
 also ugly god and smokepurpp
 steadfast ejuice sale at lil brown smoke shack  visit us to grab these awesome deals 
 government marijuana looks nothing like the real stuff. see for yourself. 
 @jaberuski preciate that..  just remember.. cigarettes are bad for ya..  weed is good for ya.  just my opinion..
 the marijuana loud  so them hoes follow like twitter...
 already have. and as usual she throws smoke over the plate and dares you to try and hit it. 
 pitstop smokein with this uber bitch
 suck the soul out of him longer than normal an let that mf slayyyy then smoke a blunt an pass out ladies  that easy
 the government been testing marijuana with garlic 
 crazy that in 2017 people are in prison for selling weed  while theres a good chance you can sexually assault someone and be fine 
 depending how we feel we smoke  talk or fuck all day. sometimes a combination of the 3  sometimes only 1.
 itd also be cool to grab a drink and smoke a cigar with @brunomars
  this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana this is shameful @dwmnewsna @gdad1 legalizeit 
 if you still smoke dutches. please stop  let me put you on to backwood leafs.
 never thought id say this  but after the cannabis raids in toronto and the silence of @justintrudeau i am starting to miss steven harper 
 just tried the twitter audit. not bad but seems i have to weed out 16 fake ones. 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 @clubcarmenxxx  wow smoken hot body sweetie
 instead of saying marijuana my mom says mariana yo i am crying
 im over in collegiate tryna smoke muhfuckas up and aint nobody picking up cellular devices.
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together 
 i was disgusted like bitch how dare u sit there and smoke while youre pregnant that baby is suffering cuz you wanna be an aint shit parent
 if you play some weak ass jams when we smoke then i cant smoke witcha
 i like to smoke and then do homework because i always pull really great answers out of my ass and get 100
 @justintrudeau @pmcanadien @canadianpm justincanwetalk  stop this insanity help fold the existing cannabis indust 
 .@justintrudeau .@pmcanadien .@canadianpm justincanwetalk stop this insanity help fold the existing cannabis indu 
 trust justin  benefits of da drought  dj smoke   @livemixtapes  
 soooo glad i got roomed w someone who smokes. i love not being able to breathe because the smell gives me a fucking headache 
 fuck it  ill smoke  till i choke  pothead weed 
 my new favorite smoke spot is santa monica beachpier
 all the girls pass ya weed to ya mtf man
 niggas be tryna smoke u out till you fuckin die lmfao
 twitter bitches be down for anything as long as it involves henny weed amp wifi
 lmfao if youre asking if you can smoke weed while youre pregnant you are not ready for a baby
 wheres my nigga pete. i need thc pills cuz i cant smoke rn 
 when he call when he take a smoke break
 all i smoke is killa yo bitch look like thrilla
 when we roll up yo ass a get smoke if you tweaking nigga
 and now my sisters calling my mom a bad parents cuz she wont let her go to ohio with her weedman might have to toss hands hol up
 somebody come to the studio tomorrow. good convo  weed  fruit  water amp convo.
 and your bitch break down my weed sometimes
 lastword  wow  not only has the white house responded but junior has too. wheres theres smoke theres fire. 
 oh dont let me see you crying  cause oh  honey ill smoke you till im dying
 i want the number to keke palmers weedman. asap.
 painfully waitin for the day natural selection comes and weeds away every1 who puts photos of themselves that some1 else took on their story
 i hope my next so or husband is smart when it comes to marijuana business because im ready to have a farm of weed lmao
 i just want to park in a car and smoke to miguel with someone 
 pals family @ grindstone smokehouse 
 smoke a lil weed but his shit togetherrrrr.
 lets go have a weed is hands down my favorite line in grease. @cameronforgey
 tell her smoke dick 
 cozy smoke sessions gtgt
 ridiculous is when you pull up to a gas station and the attendant is pissed you interrupted their 10th smoke break of the hour.
 i hope the weed out weighs these drinks
 this smoke break isnt as bad as i thought. i do miss mary tho.
 this smoke break isnt as bad as i thought it would be....at all
 my grinder exploded and i found a lil piece of weed in my scab 
 all i smoke is killa  yo bitch look like thriller
 come thruu amp smoke
 @deyshamarie shut up before i smoke you
 you must smoke alot of dicks 
 im about to call azhane phone block so many times til smoke come out of it and 23 whoop on that ass 
 wheres the weed at
 if i dont smoke ill doable cry
 i will never understand how amp why niggas connect with certain bitches bc they smoke..
 niggas take pics with a couple guns  smoke some weed  and forget theyre a bitch.
 dem painkillers be havin ya smokein all you weed bruhh
 im going to get room service in the am  smoke two blunts .. get another henn and coke   then head to the museum and aquarium  
 when your out of weed  and your brother gives you a fatass bowl 
 the etcetera is weed.  
 pull up and smoke 
 grey go smoke this dutch . 
 @rhondastew my concern is that smoke and footstomping but no actual fire gives dts supporters more fuel. hope not h
 cuz i smoke with mine. bye.  
 i need my 2nd hand smoke breaks 
 @weedmanhippy @benmaller ryt on weedman hippyi meant 2 tell youampbenny that duke will be winning the ncaa march madnessbut balderdash
 liq and weed with no gum 
 when its wednesday we ashin so ash this weed thankyoufather 
 and ya bitch breaks down my weed sometimes
 @jeremywgr the nest smokeco2 detectors have these readouts on your phone the only problem is they are 99 a unit 
 fuckin smokes weed about it
 when ya nigga leaves u bags of weed 
 about to pull up on my bestfriend amp smoke ha out lol
 @dailycaller add the money wasted on cannabis prohibition.  give those worthless dea agents something to do...
 wake n bake  wednesday   @rawlife247 rawlifer247 @hightimesmag @miamifulltime marijuana @ 
 travel in groups dnt accept drinks dnt smoke wstrangers dnt do drugs dnt walk up on vans etc... 
 sessions i reject the idea of easy access to marijuana  give me a break
 i will smoke up whoever has a dutch
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed  i said baby buy dutches cuz you cant smoke for free 
 has anyone told you its looks like you smoked a fat one on periscope  
 @mauralorgan i need some gummy weed.
 i need me a lil baby who gon smoke with me
 @nutnfancy quadruple owl here lol... never hear you talk about cannabis has helped my life immensely. curious on your thoughts.
 some girl was talking about heart chakras and stuff smokes a bowl with me then hugs me good bye as if ive known her for years.
 when you pull up on your brother and he smoke you out gtgtgtgtgt
 when people from up north find out weed in florida is 10 a g during spring break 
 catch a nigga in the store we blowing catch a nigga with his hoe we blowing catch a nigga he dont got it  we smoke him 
 i smoke weed lik its legal n fuk on yo bitch like she mine 
 yo  check it  call lilsessions tell that muhfucker to bring me some muhfuckin weed to this courthouse no  no  
 ever be in a car being drivin by somebody smoking a cig then they roll the window down to smoke and now you freezing af
 holy smokes bateman its freezing outside today  
 taking a break from lent to post this vid real quick... tyler hemp is goin to prom and he is very excited 
 the laws are one thing but that spice stuff is not weed its so synthetic now its like a cyberdrug btw
 get your lil jr whopper clique smoked up
 oml cant no ugly bitch hit my weed
 why do you want a smokefree philly | kickbuttsday philly1st smokefreephl lovemycity @ 
 boutta smoke it up
 @potus @snoopdogg want to make your cannabis case  youre going about it the wrong way your actions will bite you in the ass karma bitch
 then its no longer weed... 
 we deserve a smoke break   we used to netflix and roll 
 wheres the cannabis @ sandia mountains 
 but spice  i smoke that and it feel like im really aquarius. weed  i can only smoke a puff and thats it.
 @ripitzel man these bitches all around the hood now ...ion smoke on my porch no more
 alert per @kevinharned @ryanhokewave3 the smoke in the bullitthardin co. area near @fortknoxky they are doing a control burn. dont freak
 @paine1776 @jonahnro this is not about weed per se. its about sessions comparing it to heroin.look at opioid crisis for reference.
 hopefully this 7 of cell phone battery will last me till i buy my weed
 trump saying that snoop dogg has a failed career is a fucking joke bitch stfu jealous ass weed hating hoe
 i dont smoke no more cuz i get high off your vibe
 this lil muhfucka i work with just asked me is it ok to eat egg yolk while shes pregnant.. meanwhile she smokes cigarettes.. 
 1625 a hour to hand out weed.
 whos crib can i pull up to and eat and smoke for free on some humble shit lol
 midnight society doing another la show in june  better venue  no xans  no straps  a lot of weed  alcohol  moshing  and dope energy.
 jesse owens  just smoked the shit out of these white folks at the olympics. hitler didnt even shake my hand. bitch 
 i get that reality sucks sometimes but @kidcudi once said  better to cope than to smoke.
 like who gone turn down a bag of weed when your nigga hands it to you a dumb bitch 
 schoolboy q  bet i got some weed
 mom look its from the marijuana movie i love marijuana  obviously said with all the 
 chance the rapper got suspended from high school for 10 days for smoking weed. let that sink in. 
 i just wanna go home to i can lick my wounds properly. write a poem. take a bubble bath. smoke. turn my phone on airplane mode.
 walking my happy ass to arco amp cop me some dutches and smoke by my lonesome
 on my way to smokey point outback come seeee me im here til close 
 all i smoke is killa  ya girl like oh luke thrilla
 i dont smoke  but this box is magnificent. cohiba 
 im smoking og from cali you lil niggas smoke purp  21 savage
 @emptytone lol no weed wednesday
 a cool lil jawn that likes to smoke good gas 
 @dailycaller hands off my weed
 its pathetic when ppl plead to me like i dont care first of all and ur taking this matter out of hand shut up n go smoke
 get the weed from the migos get the xans from the japs
 people take twitter too serious  smoke a blunt and chillll
 hellooooo la. kicked off this morning with the big poppa at wexlers in santa monica. the smoke 
 if you smoke w another girl and im not there thats cheating idc
 @dirkinindio @lovedembirds @slungpue @imadamhawk denz will gladly accept dirks 2nd hand smoke  247
 @habanosoficial cohiba robusto quick smoke on the trip home. cohiba smokey cigars botl 
 criminalization of cannabis has hurt more families amp destroyed more lives than cannabis ever has @justintrudeau @jodieemery @marcscottemery
 opioid addiction soaring  not marijuana addiction @tennessean @knoxnews @repchuck @senalexander @senbobcorker 
 @hippieoflove hope your having a weederiffic night cant wait till the weather breaks and we can open the windows at night
 lets smoke a lil bit and drink a lil bit lets party in the spirit of the dogg  nate dogg  ripnatedogg
 plottwist theres nothing you can smoke to get this high....you have to inject it directly into the bloodstream 
 your mcm smoke white owls
 too bad i smoke with my manager on break  
 i buy weed cars and clothes and fuck hoes for free
 all i want for christmas is 2 big ass bitches and a bag of weed and 2 bags of chips for the fat bitches 
 def still smoke them bitches idgaf its to cold to be outside rolling back woods then bitches last 2 seconds outsid 
 youre a second hand smoke
 it still has the smokey flavor from t... 2nd anniversary imperial stout  tawny port barrel aged 
 you seen that smoke fly up ha nose tooooooo quick  
 this hoe smoked out 
 wheres the weed killeen dry af or the plugs in retirement wassup
 shotgunning smoke hot  lets do it  i encourage this happening at every opportunity shotgunning liquid how dare you
 phone dying   no weed and in this house 
 dinner and drinks trappe door  nose dive  lazy goat  smoke on the water.  bars pour  ink n ivy amp connolys lunch 
 im ready to just smoke myself into a coma
 wheres the weed
 make it so  number 420. sir patrick stewart reveals he uses marijuana every day.  via @dailymailceleb
 tabaccofreeca gotta love it pass weed in ca  now claim second hand smoke not a problem. what libs will do for tax s. poss
 provoke to smoke n toke if ya cant take a joke take coke n go broke
 @cjhirschi @hawsp i heard good things about roll n smoke.
 is this illustration supposed to be patrick stewart popping in to remind himself to smoke pot 
 bitches do not want smoke  i promise
 the chain smokers r fuckin garbage bro i dropped better bars on my 2nd grade poetry assignments
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 some1 smoke me out
 all i smoke is killa  ur bitch look like thriller
 lets smoke some...
 i like good weed  i like bad bitches that can roll it up.
 she dont smoke weed but she blows dick
 bitches who talk down on weed the same ones who pop oxy before they kids youth soccer games 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 a bitch got bronchitis.  a bitch cant smoke. a bitch is fucking shook.
 when you smoke more weed than usual 
 sir patrick stewart reveals he uses marijuana every day  @dailymailceleb
 @asiandadoll link up im in austin lets shoot and smoke
 what if @realdonaldtrump just scaring everyone to get weed stock low like a monopoly pimp player
 sticks n stones n weed n bones
 yea bitch ima functional weed head i hate a lil bitch that blow yo high way before you light the blunt
 i reed up on my reefer
 till he smoke yo ass 
 trust justin  benefits of da drought  dj smoke   @livemixtapes  
 future wifey probably at home rn in a big tshirt. just got smoked1 by herself nd she bout to cook sum mac n cheese. love u bitch
 future wife probably at home rn in a big tshirt. just got smoked1 by herself nd she bout to cook sum mac n cheese. love u bitch
 future wife probably at home rn in a big tshirt. just  smoked1 by herself nd she bout to cook sum mac n cheese. love u bitch
 good weed  bad girl.
 i cant tell if its smoke or just my breath i can see in the air
 a chick that smokes as much as me gtgt
 like i still have 3 papers to write before break is over and that causes me to chain smoke and occasionally cry
 hope just walked in and said kate lets smoke a cig hahahaha
 @djnickwarren @thesoundgarden @wayoutwestuk @rapturefests @henrysaiz @daveseaman @djguyj @cattaneohernan holy smokes  stacked
 regulate canabis like tomatos. free the weed in canada  end the war on weed.  @marcscottemery @jodieemery @justintrudeau
 @hightimesmag im here for the weed stuff not the liberal hippie bullshit
 second hand smoke a bitch
 so close to being able to legally smoke  
 smoking weed bought from migos lol
 sometimes i smoke all the weed and dont get stoned n sometimes i just take one hit n i get fucking lit. why 
 did you catch my live magic trick i owe it all to smokey the clown. @wgrz 
 patrick stewart credits daily marijuana use for reducing arthritis symptoms 
 this thinking comes from years of backseat smoke sessions with their homeboys about their frustrations with black w 
 good luck to the millionaires as they go up against the hempfield black knights in the 2nd round playoffs tonight 
 i need some weed and this is weird. pull up or ill pull up on u.  la only
 i copped a dutch too roll i havent smoke them joints since like end of december i fucked boy the jay 
 pretty sure these buses puff more smoke then half these programmed trucks
 @mikeredman51 shiiiiit wish i could  they need to give us smoke breaks like they give these newport smokin mfers breaks 
 there are black men locked up longer for marijuana bro 
 @beachbomb561 you better put that cancer stick down  second hand smoke bih
 bron smokes vanilla dutches
 leafly list the best cannabis dispensaries in colorado  spring 2017 | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 @speakerryan blowing smoke up 45 butt but he will turn on you when your lethal plan fails. hope the  is worth your soul to evil  2018 bye
 guanaja mouse | spiced pecan | praline croustillant | yogurt | tonka amp vanilla smoke chezlavelle 
 no bullshit this weed has me so lifted when my phone was dying i went to plug my charger into my ocb filter
 so glad its spring break ion have school til monday im fianna smoke amp go back to sleep.
 the smoke shop in cedarville aint half bad.
 everybody in the hood got that loud till you smoke
 amp all niggas do is hit licks  ask for bank account numbers and sell a lil weed foh 
 i just smoke my weed amp peep mane. real lowkey.
 midday dj breaks gt midday smoke breaks
 knighted by the queen sir patrick stewart reveals he uses marijuana every day  @dailymailceleb
 alloutkingscigar  now available at boss cigars   nuff said  lets smoke @ boss cigars 
 stay high my friends fly smoke weed @cannabist 
 omg donald trump...shut up shut up shut up  you truly are an embarrassment to our great nation. stop blowin smoke up your own ass
 i cant smoke no swisher bitch im on that garcia
 this nigga wiz said he learning the game of cultivating weed and hes dressed like hes able to infect the whole 
 chance the rapper smoke break didnt get as much recognition as it shouldve lol
 what a pleasure to meet author nishi whiteley at the hemp amp garden show at sxsw in austin  tx. 
 @angiebland38 not yet i just hope he makes weed legal
 think im boutta smoke and shower
 this saturday catch me playin live in toronto @ nocturne nightclub very rare dj smokey performance 
 love it when she calls me big papa  i only smoke blunts if they rolled prapa
 ready for st. patricks day beautiful color by daniel mixed pulp riot smoke and 
 maybe my second hand smoke
  thatniggashyt smoking weed witcha moms 156 @bigpunofficial
 im getting a headache im sure its lack of marijuana 
 come smoke me out ass hoes
 patrick stewart reveals he uses marijuana daily to help with arthritis symptoms    i love th 
 holy smokes. in less than 24 roger stone amp savage attacked uspoli
 good weed good drank and a bad chick
 lowkey wants to text risky bis me to myself okay lets go smoke first
 i just smoke reefah
 @mcarusocabrera california its funny when we spray herbicides were allowed to burn tires the tire smoke indicates spray drift  alright bye
 april 2nd 2017... we on stage doin what we do  smokedoutent5280 @ smoked out ent studios 
 then april 20th we on stage for the 420 event .... smokedoutent5280 @ smoked out ent studios 
 @ctvtoronto plenty to go around the big smoke eh frig
 me tweets one thing with marijuana in it twitter 
 i smoke weed because life sucks. 
 use cannabis topicals for fast amp focused relief thursday we offer discounts on select balms amp lotions cannabisinfused
 tryna smoke with you and paint a lil.
 im finna pour me up some remy nd smoke a joint
 for 2.50 i can go anywhere i want. even when they check my bags  im hiding weed from the cops
 to let everyone know how cool they are cuz they smoke and have cancer 
 time to smoke  see my baby  and my brother cuz hes 18 today bitches
 psa if you are a dick weed and send me what you put on your story do not snapchat me bro. ill end you.
 is it bad that i hope northwestern gets smoked
 @itsdeekoolin @bombaypapi i used to only smoke dutches now i cant even smoke those... uhuh
 she break down the weed  i break down the dutch
 @shortbusroyalty my luck theyll blow smoke into my open window. 
 @hotboysmoke @dreadloc400 fuck you smoke 
 if people still get smoke breaks i should be able to get a beer break
 rlly wish theyd let me smokevwhile i work. like i probably fold clothes 20x better with a cig hanging out my lip tbh
 the 2016 la flor dominicana tcfka collectors edition is a work of art...that you can smoke lfd workofart cigar 
 the couch must be a heavy smokerlol @ seattle  washington 
 i cant buy my pregnant girlfriend a peach snapple with weed 
 i hope you people that smoke cigarettes are comfortable having that stanky ass breath
 some1 smoke with me
 @dirtmcgirth well its a lot of smoke im pumping to my room on the 7th floor while im here so i need to get a pipe fitter
 @watchdecolo or does she smoke dutches straight
 sir patrick stewart uses medical marijuana every day to combat the symptoms associated with his arthritis. 
 all i smoke is killa
 seattle smells like pure weed
 college prospect 2018 rb kavosiey smoke  wetumpka   @yrnsmoke hope to see him at our montgomery combine march 26
 smoke good weed w a bad bitch
 remember  states can decide on vaccines  but not on marijuana 
 its no wonder patrick stewart uses marijuana daily  what with how he seems to be enjoying his life and whatnot
 i know i left my charger jacketampmy weed in this bitches car but she said she dont see it. bitch cause you smoking itampwearing itampusing it
 all work no breaks  unless you referring to a smoke break.
 im back this bitch dying from 2nd hand smoke
 who got dutches and tryna smoke
 fuckin weed
 @dreambeachhh are you going to let me smoke you out again in seattle or nah
 my dad mixed up the phrase blow smoke up your ass with suck air out of your ass 
 thats that second hand smoke coming in .
 migos ft. marci amp mula  smoke amp ride prod. @vybe mixed @czogotbeats  
 patrick stewart reveals he uses weed like  every single day  call sessions put this dangerous criminal in prison
 what did i do for my spring break smoke and enjoy two more hours of sleep.
 i cant smoke no swishers  bitch im on that garcia.
 6564 is  ready for the weeds 
 @diamondandsilk fluck you bowwow. hope you get smoked
 @trevonbluiett is a certified bucket. xavier running great misdirection stuff for him. smoke and mirrors.
 imma smoke you out till you turn red
 youre pretty cool yourself we shall smoke sometime 
 youve got weed in your shoe bitch hook me up
 dont smoke weed  legalizeit cannabis2017 itsjustaplant 
 sometimes i be thinking some of you hoes just smoke yo fit in but than again yal might just like getting high 
 sometimes i be thinking some of you hoes just smoke yo fit in but than again yal might just like getting high 
 i dont trust light skins bitches that wear team jordans bitches that smoke reggie and bitches that smoke black 
 day two involved a lot of weeding and planting and then hanging like a monkey my heart is so full from serving ot 
 i could use a lil smoke break. 
 chance the rapper  smoke break
 its almost spring and im starting to look around my yard in disgust... so many weeds. seattle lawns are tricky lots of drainag issues
 all i want for christmas is two fat bitches and a bag of weed and two bags of chips to give to the fat bitches  name that movie
 smoke till you niggas cant smoke no more
 puff the ganja let me take you higher  
 tray acting like he dont smoke out of white owls
 sometimes i smoke a lil 8th
 stitchez smokes n talks music  
 fuck everybody. especially you stupid ass hoe go fucking suck a dick for weed bitch
 after we fuck in the backseat we let the windows down and smoke out da whip
 we can kick it amp go puff on blunt..  oh u dont smoke  gtab a pint of hen amp we can get drunk
 my dad just yelled out in the movie theater whos got the good weed 
 but after i was pregnant my bd literally did everything for me  including roll my blunts and he only smoked backwoods so i had to
 @lilforeign bitch  you gone smoke wimme
 why these niggas cant multitask like smoke pass  then chat like why ya gotta talk and smoke at the same time..
 they testing for weed at dui checkpoints now 
 she done got high off second hand smoke 
 they gona sit back n yap n throw up smoke screens n pretend it isnt happening  just yappin yappin n yappin n arguing tryin to harm our pres
 give me all of the weeds
  all i want for christmas is two bad bitches and a bag of weed  
 bitch got the nerve to fan the smoke... 
 they way she sucked that smoke in  
 just ready for my brother to come home so we can smoke these blunts.
 patrick stewart reveals he uses weed like  every single day  via @yahoocelebrity
 boutta smoke again ...
 i dont smoke  but ill take a puff .
 fbf after one of my many photoshoots. we taking a smoke break with big teddy in the studio shot 
 why cant michigan just legalize marijuana already like come onnnnn
 dont die on st. patricks day from alcohol poisoning. smoke a dooby instead. stpatricksday 
 everyone slide house party at will bardins willow run apartments  alcohol and weed all for free 
 when ya dick game so fire she pass out due to smoke inhalationgtgtgt
 i need a laptop and a pound of weed
 all i smoke is killa yo bitch look like thrilla
 @russellanjax somebodys crying  where my weed
 vegas odds that patrick stewart is using a marijuana right now 
 we finna come smoke yo lil house out too lmao  
 @snoopdogg youre no legend to me  i give no fucks about your criminal ass. weed may be legal now  but youve been flaunting it for longer.
 piss test me when you want imma smoke when im ready pants hanging off me now cuz my pistol heavy
 when you take a smoke break in your big bird costume. 
 cowboy smoke a spliff i be headlocked 
 smoke some weed and shut the fuck up
 im up off this ross .. finna smoke me some dope
 girls who smoke newports gtgtgtgtgt
 obviously weed 
 scare the bejesus out of highschool students by highlighting the supposed  possible effects of becoming addicted to marijuana
 i need me a broward the type that can roll my weed and suck my dick.
 cant wait till i come across my first pound of weed
 @makaylababbbay @coltermyer smoke hellllllaaaa loud today more than usual 
 @joemygod more smokeampmirrors courtesy nitwit n wh.  illsue always his defense whn backd n2 corner  but @potus planted return 4 effect. sick
 drizzly friday morning calls for smoked salmon  obviously.  . . . vsco vscocam thatsdarling 
 going to go home  smoke a bunch of dope  take 15 shots and hope tomorrow turns out better
 your bitch breaks down my weed sometimes
 updated aide accused of giving the victim alcohol  marijuana before sexually abusing them  state investigators said 
 is bakersfield ready to our cannabis community together april 20  2017. 
 hit the weed puff puff
 nobody in trumbull is a fuckin hippie. yall are just wannabes livin in ur parents big ass houses wearin overpriced patterns amp smoking weed
 this bitch said wheres your green at   me i smoked it 
 the smoke of the incense  together with the prayers of gods people  went up before god from the angels hand. 
 i hope they dont smoke me when i get to drill cause my ass is down bad
 michigan is  from 3 holy smokes.
 when your boss @ the regina house lets you smoke 
 wow snoop must be getting some bad weed. maybe he should get his script changed 
 @floreslia that time you swore we laced the weed because you were all fucked up  
 q1.  17 cars.  16 car field.  smokedthen pedaled    5.88@271.  number 13.  burned a head. q2 after pro 1. go peak 
 update 1931 west riverside. e8 and l9 found infant in a crib and were able to perform a rescue. they are being treated for smoke inhalation
 rachel feeds andie up top.  andie drops sidearm and cranks high from 7m.  liquid smoke  mcd 71 at 1244.
 lets smoke 
 piper just said with confidence smoke dick and get weed
 about to take me a lil ride amp smoke my lil blunt
 not to mention the weed flakes on my shirt stpatricksday dontpinchmeunlessyoumeanit
 we won you lost. so go smoke some weed and protest. your hate amp socialism is no longer in power. goodbye 
 @sirmichaelrocks yo lets smoke
 all spring break ive been chasing that bag while yall blowing money on weed andampother shit yall dont need just to impress the next one
 man what i would give to smoke some weed with patrick stewart.
 gone vibe this rick ross album n smoke pasto
 everyone at the federalist smokes lound and has orgies while watching the crucible 
 @fg4mitch niggas with no job or a car be having all the bad bitches tho lol they call cuddling and getting smoked out a date lol
 holy smokes  bateman  its a phone booth   wheres superman when you need him 
 smoke weed till i hallucinate
 ya live bitches amp blunts we live for weed amp money
 ya live for bitches amp blunts we live for weed amp money
 china needs to get n korea in check before they turn into a puff of smoke
 its st patricks day let smoke fat backwoods all green no celo
 st patricks  weed  celo green
 ready to smoke 
 ready 2 smoke
 smoke a lil weed but his shit together 
 and your bitch break down my weed sometimes
 the 6 tonight better not be this cold  boi has some kush to smoke  toronto come get chilly 
 just smoke some pot and prank call people like most kids what the fuck 
 me too lil ab.. i aint smoke in since like 3 am wednesday morning  
 @bradheath i hope theyre all high. smoking weed or crack 247. we might get lucky 
 im ready to go home  i aint smoked in a week amp its spring break 
 homework over spring break wtf i need to smoke or drink my brain hurts 
 so glad the jamaican restaurant on magnolia is now a weed shop  i was just thinking of how we need more of those northhollywood sarcasm
 fuck yo luck  i smoke clovers. 
 kid who made the ios 10 jailbreak is asking for weed around toronto on twitter. amazing.
 wheres i smoke everyday twitter
 hoes getting xd out and we on ganja
 damn newark nj smokers be smoking crack or sniffin coke amp whatever on the block like they chewing gum or smokin a cigarette. jdgaf
 she needs to smoke a bowl or something. take a breath. so angry. btw ur a hypocrite tomi. 
 @isiannmariex3 is the biggest hoe i know on god lmao this bitch is literally retarted and will suck your dick for a smoke out
 this bitch on my tl about weed bitch had me get her ass high and then going tell her mom i did bitch i aint force u tf
 we turn a smoke sesh into a prayer circle 
 some 60 yo lady on the t just said i smoke weed  im green on the inside  im glowing green from the inside  me too lady me too
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch amp give a good girl bad habits
 them niggas smoke purp and lil pump pussy frfr @lilpumpjetskiii a bitch and @smokepurpp a bitch cry baby ass niggas 
 all i want is 2 fat bitches a bag of weed and 2 bags of chips to give to the fat bitches
 after seeing dak prescott get his wig smoked at spring break this doesnt impress me all the much. 
 @curiouskatattak spill the tea also  lets smoke when i get back 
 my brother told me to wait on him to smoke bitch been gone a hour. ask me what im doing smoking
 .@republicanscum @rebelmouse roundup is horrible i use natural stuff or just pull weedsuse weed cloth. never use roundup  kills critters
 i just died laughing at the amount of times ive been that bitch to drop the weed @paucarr i feel so bad
 @bbcarking wheres theres smoke... 
 give me a girl whos down to just kick it and smoke
 @troopsincontact i dont like nazi twitter but i am a big fan of weed twitter and pope twitter
 kick it with you smoke one or two baby its up to you
 yo @e40 no better table 2 kick it and watch the @sfgiants spring training than @aznaturalselect i know the weed ma 
 @shellllby @katlynmarie2014 @cornelioclary i love weed too much to give it up yet shelbs so youre turn biii 
 i cant wait to be able too smoke while getting ready in my own house
 keke palmer look like those girls that smoke belmont cigarette and blackwoods in toronto  
 lets go smoke some newports at westport
 tea reload  and smoke break before i get back to my pile of homework  
 all i want is two fat bitches  a bag of weed  and two bags of chips so i can give to the fat bitches
 baby just buy dutches cause you cant smoke for free
 me n burret smoked out of one of these once 
 it was an honor to be able to perform for and meet the legend that is smokey robinson 
 you a laaaaaame and your girl break down my weed sometimes
 i am sick of my sista bros freezing me out to smoke cigs but i still love them 
 finesse  the dope man for 6 bricks. finesse the smoke man for 6 zips. finesse ya hoe make her lick dick cuz im rich bitch
 i just smoked 2 bowls  n im chillllllllllin
 boi i got a 5 hour break on tuesdays  i be all across queens  go to probation  get food  picc up dope  smoke 3 blunts  n still have an hour
 @tiffanyyy3 smokes these  
 puff puff pass shit you cant smoke gas girl so quit acting with it.
 sometimes i smoke a bowl and read a book
 cant smoke but ill catch a contact 
 my brother thought i was taking weed to boston lmao yeah let me go to juvy please
 i dont smoke stoges but 2nd hand  smoke aint shit to me
 i really hope this weed i just bought from to smoking man 
 who tryna smoke ill pull up
 @1nataliemaines and found a 200 specimen quality smokey quartz and a cluster of amethyst some tourmaline a lot of cool rocks.
 u suck dick for weed aw so cute
 anyone in the lex area pull up and smoke me out
 trumpcareisworsethan not smoking legal weed in seattle  
 lol hand smoke
 should i smoke green stuff rn
 im about to chain smoke some newports baby
 i just smoked fam out @bryanpls
 like i came for my brothers birthday not to help you pull weeds and clean the yard for the party i have grading to do and test to study for
 if you gotta post every bluntjoint you smoke on your instagramsnap story..... youre pretty lame. dont be a social smoker 
 all my friends slumpt n i cant sleep cuz they wildn in the smoke pit.
 baby it goes down when you mix henn n marijuana 
 neighbors trippin cuz my weed too loud  but i only smoke loud i cant turn it down
 finnna smoke this gas and go to waffle house scr8 up
 ppl who smoke have ass breath 
 i hate second hand cigarette smoke 
 bitch could kill my vibe ... i was on percs and weed and drank ... she tried to look in my eyes ... but i had them diors she cant...
 @capricavanni  smoken hot body sweetie
 m83 at the crack of dawn with some platinum og ganja 
 i aint gon smoke till 420  take a lil break 
 roll weed on my dictionary  call it high definition.
 i solemnly swear i hope they choke on smoke cause im choking them out the basement
 yo my girl would out smoke anyone  but get a lil liq in her n shes done
 my boy joking around i only give out weed to girls who give me hand jobs random irish girl what are you 7 who gives handjobs anymore
 i cant smoke weed because i have morals. bitch  shut the fuck up before i smack your morals right out of you
 i hope all your favorite soccer teams get smoked this weekend.
 all i do is smoke good and fuck ya bitch
 @theellenshow @katyperry @renealane ne girl you should join me kohls bitch  dutch bros weed fuck these bitches 
 turns phones off and smokes a personal 
 you still get yo weed in grocery bags 
 @trenttza its just like weed busts in legal states   authoritys should bag it out to legal sized bags and resale
 i hate a come smoke me out ass bitch
 lol @ overpriced weed in fl
 does anyone have a smoker they no longer have a use for id like to give it a go.
 saturdaze . . model skyhighv @ smoke rise  georgia 
 id rather give you my bitch then to let you breathe... on my last bit of indo smoke
 @danielworkman @soccerheretic france u21s amp u19s would smoke the usmnt
 same  lets smoke 
 todays agenda look for dark films and cry to them while oding on marijuana
 wheres the weed
 chance you a laaaaaaaaame  me and your bitch breaks down my weed sometimes 
 weed so good i dont wanna pass all i smoke is killa
 david made me smoke the fattest joint of my life yesterday amp i no longer considered myself the dd lmao
 if you smoke and own a dog i hope you die 
 good run into state playoffs for hempfield. @llhoops we are all proud llfamily 
 im just trying to catch my nut n smoke some wax 
 planning a trip to gatlinburg before christmas  ill be off papers amp able to smoke in the cabin 
 catch me live tonight @ nocturne nightclub in toronto very rare dj smokey performance its rare 2 see dj smokey l 
 fill your lungs with the smoke get dizzy high stupid blind im stupid fly snag a bitch wit wet dreams give her dick when she bend her knees
 our stony creek beer tasting will be on tuesday 321... we will also be serving our smoked 
 im enhaling hella hard to catch a high from second hand smoke 
  i do not smoke with no white hoe cuz they lace shit  but i do fuck on that white hoe then i taste it  lil uzi 
 i guess now libs cant see cuz @potus smoke her hand after press conference amp really @meerkal has all but destroyed 
 still dying....somebodys like  where my weed
 all i smoke is killa yo bitch look like thrilla
 if you have the blunt.. hit that hoe and shut the fuck up for you waste all my gotdamn weed 
 she said life aint about smoking weed amp fuckin bitches  grow up
 my weed habit so close to snortin powder..
 dude lit a cigarette at the bar and when they told him he cant smoke in here he put it out on his hand
 if i get a chance to smoke i will other then that its a straight dub
 my shirt is filled with my dogs hair  but call me ugly cause i smoke  
 thats a whole lot of reefer  let me help you with the preroll
 my business card is a bag of marijuana
 dont let me see you crying cuz honey ill smoke you until im dyin
 @iamakademiks i got my weed ready morelife
 that free smoke  hook basura
 lets smoke
 these hoes behind me at the store talkin bout me smellin like weed and how im gonna eventually get caught  bitch im legal suck mydick 
 its not love but its pretty close hot fudge and little smoke
 just seen you drop yo blunt and weed  i had nugs to give you @070shake nice meeting you last nigtb
 a lil hen lil weed and some john wick
 free smoke is the definition of banger
 that last 20 seconds of free smoke...thats how people from toronto speak like trinidadian lesbian hockey fanatics nthanks.
 yo... free smoke is that one.
 boutta roll hella weed and finish this bottle while drake talk to me
 hol up foo.. who produced free smoke
 seasoning boston butt for the smoker in an attempt to distract myself from that debacle of an fsu game. 
 cavs boutta smoke these niggas
 i swear that free smoke song is for any bitch nigga that ever spoke indirect about me morelife
 q hello what do you need me q da fool tryn make a mil off of weed 
 i just wanna smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 ur a laaaaaame and ya bitch breaks down my weed sometimes
 im too tired i only been up to smoke and do homework...between them gaps i been sleep af
 you a lame and your bitch breaks down my weed sometimes
 @naoufal yo  free smoke 
 free smoke bitch
 drake kilt tht free smoke
 my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction
 @hitrecordjoe this is smokey skynyrd.  gone a year now. still missed. 
 smoke good weed wit a bad bitch...
 i just remembered i changed my name on here to papa smoke and started laughing hysterically
 free smoke shouldve been longer
 this was at tampa electric big ben. the white stuff you see is not smoke its evaporated water. 
 ill smoke a dutch before i smoke a backwood dont @ me
 @zaynmalik zayn smoke pot and he still cant perform live due to anxiety.
 lets smoke
 trey smokes dicks
 if i smoke on this plane whos going to stop me i hope a stewardess tackles me
 on the plus side to marijuana becoming criminalized it sure as hell called for a great johnny depp movie and a hell of a life story
 smoke good weed with a bad bih
 some1 smoke w me
 sometimes your dad gives you weed at his concert
 they told niggas not to smoke cuz shit will get shut down and they steady sparking up 
 my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addictiondrake. but really i love my house
 all i smoke is killa  yo bitch look like thrilla
 i cant look at him. @karissakey facetiming obi  mid sob  after two weeds. proceedstoeatdonuts
 the transformation has begun. . . . into werewolves. . . . weedwolves
 good weed  bad bitch  got these hoes on my dick  just like brad pitt  i seent it all before  the bitch got a man  but she schemin on da low
 talking to @tallzz about vanilla  and shes comparing vanilla to weed cuz of all the different strands 
 mixtape trust justin  benefits of da drought hosted by dj smoke @jvdoesit @djsmokemixtapes @spinrilla  
 drake is snapping on free smoke 
 number 1 the only track i liked from 16.. free smoke cuz he rapping.. passionfruit fuckin sucks my lord
 all i want is 2 fat bitches with a bag of weed amp 2 bags of chips for the fat bitches 
 plays free smoke by drake  3 seconds in  amanda i already love it
 a smoke shop is a museum to me 
 great fucking fight..... knew jacobs wasnt gona get smoked shoutouts to ggg though 
 holy smokes i love this man  siegelsoiree @ vizcaya museum and gardens 
 free smoke hit yo ears when you baked
 lets smoke
 u a lame amp yo bitch break down my weed sometimes
 we can smoke in my two door   pull up the windows   enjoy a convo real about real shit
 gonna write a letter that says dear yoongi smoke weed with me its legal here bye. i think itll work
 this dude next to me is getting these hands when we get to this smoke break lol
 yo mcm smokes white owls
 the cops took my weed n i have rlly bad cramps but at least im not pregnant
 ill smoke you till im dying
 i just want to smoke a lil
 hate to break it to ya but bron used to smokeeeeee 
 all i need is a bag of weed amp im good to go
 you didnt about the weed world till i introduced you
 let me hop out my feelings nah smoke nd this real sour nd blue dream from denver
 you ont want dis smoke lil buddy 
 i smoke weed just to meditate. i never cared about fitting in
 i smoke weed just to meditate. i never cared about fitting in
 amp if i catch a eagle lacking imma cock back and smoke em eyes closed bitch we smoking on blanco
 need a dutch to roll up...till then bouta eat this weed brownie..shit should kick in by the time dis nattle drop
 fuck yo weed i got my own smoke
 we sin n we pray n hope that shit be okay.. grab the weed out the try n smoke my troubles away
 we sin n we pray n hope that shit be okay.. grab the weed out the tray n smoke my troubles away
 holy smokes. okay self just another 30 minutes of cleaning then you can break free from lame dusting amp cleaning ...until later
 i second this let me know if you need help or a place to get away from the smoke. 
 when you wish upon a dandelion you spread the seeds of hope its just a weed when youre in need one puff can help 
 jokes amp smokes  dc canna culture expo and comedy show this thursday.   proceeds benefit 
 we get it you smoke weed. you can stop snapping  instagraming  and tweeting about it 
 let me just let yall hoes know now  any bitch smoke call ima rock out wit and thats on his head 
 @natbynature @carmellawwe just give me a smoke break every 30 minutes  and suck more pussy some more.
 californias great cannabis unbanning | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 @humbleteej lmao of course...all the rapping right...cuz free smoke gtgt
 i want some cannabis gum
 @mtv you run ads about this generation quitting smoking but hire rick ross to host as he exhales a cubic foot of smoke  which is it
 when it comes to staying ahead of weeds  bows the time...start clean amp stay clean.  heres more   
 free smoke free smoke culture vulture 
 my girl bonnie out here leaned out on a weed brownie. get it together  bitch 
 lil dirties. where the weed at tho 
 i blocked smoke number ima block his twitter next 
 my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction 
 we drink  we smoke   we look for the highs to balance the lows
 why is al such a dick weed 
 she said she wanna smoke up she got plenty she said she tired of the fakes bitch i dont know any.
 we dont smoke dutches 
 they all have that same look  the weed head look
 wheres the weed at
 niggas get a face tat a amp smoke a couple dutches amp forget he a bitch.
 my bitch bad amp my weed loud
 hol up while i out play free smoke
 aye smokey between me amp you ill clean all that shit up for ya for 2
 gtnaah  you dont care pssst first theyll smoke them n then theyll come knocking for your stupid ass none will 
 just received a very thorough education on marijuana and a simultaneous second hand high. culturematters
 no weed  alcohol  etc. until phx lights. im going on a cleanse bitch
 drake took a lil shot at meek on free smoke 
 got a lot of weeds  but some good stuff too 
 oooh the bitch said go smoke some meth i hope marcus aint doin this
 @chefsymon aftr years of following you on twitter amp using a propane fired smoker i know  lame i decide 2 go legit 
 let me hit this weed cuz i really feel like smackin this dude into another century frfr 
 your wcw smokes dutches 
 seen yo bitch light a jay amp blow the smoke in her face
 o my god the free smoke line about texting j. los old number combined with the if you had my love sample on teenage fever 
 out of all the experiences one can have without posing a serious health threat  brief exposure to 2nd hand smoke is very possibly the worst.
 if you aint about getting this bag  gtfoh. niggas run to the weed man to smoke a bag  but only 1 stream of revenue for the bag
 when your manager sees you running to the bathroom crying and tells you to go to your car and smoke a bowl and take some breaths 
 me and my boss are so tight we go on smoke breaks together and now that i dont smoke it sucks thats my niggah doe
 i can smoke of bag of this 
 niggas go to prison with a bachelors in marijuana and leave that bitch with a doctorates in cocaine .
 good weed  bad bitch
 my mom just suggested that my oldest dog take some medical marijuana 
 and my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction
 stop snapping me videos of weed
 i smoke the holy herb get high as hell and meditate
 bag of bones inside my closet bag of weed inside my pocket keep it there to keep me cool yeah fuck that drama i dont want it medusa dh
 a smoke of hope
 a letter hire a dude to do yard work. yes  the weedwacker is cool. but youre ass is old. sincerely your back currently frozen 
 anyone trynna smoke. ill pull up
 another victim of laced weed smh  
 yall truly smoke dick on this app. wow. 
 boutta smoke
 finally got a chance to clean out my bong im about to smoke a fat bowl now 
 his hands are cold his breath is smoke
 ready to smoke some zomboes disrespectyoursurrondings 4floors 
 holy smokes  no call in the first 10 seconds here 
 holy smokes  no call in the first 10 seconds here 
 dabbing is for experienced smokers  not you lil bitches
 when yo mom lets you sell weed but not smoke it
  good drank  good smoke i hope everybody had fun this weekend @ bedford heights  ohio 
 all the pretty mixed girls work at smokey bones  obviously i didnt get a memo for a reason
 finished with homework. practicing inferno smokesangles and then warmups then pugs  
 all i want santa clause is 2 fat bitches amp a bag of weed amp 2 bags of chips to give it to the fat bitches 
 5 ways cannabis could be helping alzheimers patients | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 suck a dick old people. weed as legal as alcohol now
 a bag of weed  a bag of weed  oh everythings better with a bag of weed
 i love smoking weed n getting drunk to give that up for a baby i would cry if i got pregnant i would go fall down some stairs by accident
 me as hkw she sucked that smoke the fuck back in
 duke fans about to take smoke a whole box of newports lmao
 or when ppl drink and smoke while pregnant 
 duke fans about to smoke a whole box of newports lmao
 @falpal11 had someone tell me that they saw our dance off... needless to say they said that i smoked you... 
 after smoke a pound witcha
 mixed feelings on this. if youre ok with your kid smoking weed then why not but if not you dont have to bitch abo 
 at work coolin might smoke me a lil blunt on my break
 dexter the office limitless weeds prison break 
 when weedos think they have a chance with u lmaooo kms
 my advice to everyone complaining on twitter rn  take yall ass to the gym n sweat out that frustration. annnnd smoke more weed.  
 i smoke weed cuz life sucks
 lol ill dip to the car n smoke another blunt 
 who wana smoke  ill pull up im bored .
 i need to move before i die of 2nd hand smoke in here
 filled with marijuana laughing hard
 @frenchguy1 he does not represent weed the people he does not represent the republican party
 ross sent smoke
 two passing temporarinesses developed feelings for one another. two puffs of smoke became 
 someone pull up so we can smoke
 someone lets have a smoke sesh in my house and meditate after lol
 when ur weed catches on fire in the bowl and u panic and blow it out and then all the weed flies everywhere 
 they be too high off the second hand smoke 
 chance the rapper  lost  everybodys something  smoke again  windows  14 400 minutes  the writer  chain smoker  fool wit it
 stupid ass bitches attracted to me and i just entertain they stupid ass. retarded ass hoe got me up for nothing with no weed
 i used to suck dick for coke u ever suck dick for some marijuana
 she dont smoke weed but she blow dick 
 so basically you drink alcohol ...smoke weed ...blow lines ...then its oxy followed by heroine .....well thanks nhs great assembly
 yo mcm smokes swishers and white owls
 i love second hand smoke at 9 in the morning 
 like smoke  amy winehouse ft nas 
 bitches be flexing with bottles and weed on ig but steal all their clothes. get your priorities together.
 free smoke eh
 the next time i smoke will be spring break bet that 
 15 things you need to know before investing in marijuana stocks  the motley 
 that intro to free smoke got me yo  im hooked.
 missed my one chance at a smoke break on this got damn train  
 @stephenasmith free smoke  
 there sure is a whole bunch of smoke associated with president trump and russia. @cspanwj comeyhearing nsa cnn
 pull up smoke some 
 currently teaching my sophomore little brother about weed.  am i a bad sister
 id rather give you my bitch then to let you breath on  my last bit of indo smoke 
 the girls that live across from me told me how this boy packed weed laced meth in his bowl and raped a man in there house like whet 
 how is xanax easier to get than weed
 @37notmywife there are two definite sides to cannabis and genetics do play a role
 all i smoke is killa
 meek mill could kill drake on the free smoke beat  dont debate with me debate with ya baby moms itty bitty bitch 
 now its the modern marijuana era and the transition with a new president
 all i smoke is killa yo bitch she look like thrilla 
 first lil pump and smoke purpp now fauni .. who next .. dis shit hilarious
 currently finna take another smoke break 
 lil smoke break
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 someone popout to da hood lets smoke outside mane
 the school really let me get a smoke break. hell yea.
 new stuff in stock 15 off juice with vape setup purchases and 10 off water pipes and hand pipes today at smokers 
 corey  trevor smokes lets go
 got like 3 more episodes of weeds iguess ill finish that hoe today
 all i smoke is killaa  yo bitch look like thrilla
 the bus was so packed the wheels started to smoke.
 legalizeit mmj m group urges ma lawmakers to hold off on cannabis changes | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 wish i had a chick to smoke with 
 @getchadwicked wait  what kind of smoke were you talking about.
 @sesaunders101 there is no good evidence  to my knowledge  cannabis has benefits for most medical conditions.
 bad bitches smoke for free
 fuck lil pump n smokepurp @drewswace exposed them boys 
 i just burnt toast at work and now the whole kitchen is full of smoke and this sucks. 
 lmao we smoking weed and watching white chicks.
 to all the people who stopped hanging out with me when i couldnt smoke  dont expect to start hanging out with me again when i can.
 @downeygrace carson was my prom date before you bribed him with free weed but you know. shit happens
 why drake come at meek on free smoke
 not having any weed sucks  i just want to smokeeee 
 shicky forgot to take her weed out of her suitcase and her bag is being checked im crying
 why do i call you on all my smoke breaks
 donald trump created the big gray cloud hanging over his administration...hope he chokes on the smoke
 i dont smoke but sometimes i need a long drag..  i know it might sound bad but sometimes i need a smoke break..
 finna smoke some dicks. 
 @angeelinajoiie you white trash thot stop saying brad pitt is a bad father you second hand smoke fat thot queen your much looks fat
 the marijuana loud so them hoes follow like twitter.
 clocked outta work all cute n shit realizing i had weed in my open purse the whole shift. lmao
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 dinner parties paired with cannabis are becoming increasingly popular. cannabis dining foodinnovation   
 serving angels holy smoke
 dont smoke newports while youre laying down you goofy
 yo ima need to smoke fat af before my nephews bday party this weekend frr
 i got weed stickers on my phone and my mom just laughed  grounded for a couple more years now
 dnt smoke cigarets and go into the sauna after. some ppl are allergicamp sensitive to nicotine  have some respect 
 fuck @ayeewildd he a bitch and he smoke .2 of huff
 @lilgellybean bitch yes and weed
 is it bad to smoke weed
 boston.  box 2552 smoke showing
 i need a weed before i really end up hurting myself bc i cant no more
 sorry  but weed keeps me sane sometimes.
 @majorhope25 i dont smoke hope.
 @euclidjade sometimes i want to have a cool car out in the parking lot at work so i can go sit on the hood and smoke.
 sometimes its so hard to pull away from netflix and weed  netflix weed @tool
 so hard sometimes to pull away from netflix and weed.... netflix weed @tool 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 drake is trying so hard to sound like a toronto man at the end of free smoke  sad
 @abbiejpg actually you can its called second hand smoke so educate yourself
 santana when i pose baby  a lot of cuban blunt smoke baby  designer clothes on my hoes baby
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together 
 yeah yo bitch break down my weed sometimes
 lets smoke
 its not real till i threaten to kick ya door in amp fight ya daddy  ya brother amp who the fuck ever else want that smoke...
 only the baddest of the bad smoke pot 
 i used to smoke but even since i started vaping i cant stand the smell of cigs. plusssssssss this second hand smoke shit is no bueno
 i used to smoke but ever since i started vaping i cant stand the smell of cigs. plusssssssss this second hand smoke shit is no bueno
 frosted flakes weed and water all i need to survive
 this world better get ready the hunger games is going to be real trump is already getting it ready lets look be on the smoke screens
 maybe if i smoke ill be able to study 
 lol yo my mom pissed me off so bad i need to smoke so i can let it go. but i deadass dont understand why she lacks common sense so much
 not being able to smoke for 4 years is going to be a bitch
 @xkortneykanex wow smoken hot body sweetie you look really yummy
 i cant wait to retire and sit in my study and read books and drink jameson and smoke cigars with a bunch of bulldogs while my wife bitch
 wish i had a pretty bitch to smoke these moonrocks with tonight
 we just met @japanesehouseph and smoked a cig together and matt got a pic and i didnt n im so confused why i missed that opportunity butok
 we just met @japanesehouse and smoked a cig together n matt got a pic n i didnt and im still confused why i missed that opportunity butok
 exhale the smoke  amp smile
 its free smoke  all spring n summer long 
 she smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 lets smoke
 whos going to fat nick and pouya at chain reaction  give me and a homie a ride well smoke you out and give u gas  hmu
 nate dogg take a  seeaaaaaat hope you ready for the next episode heeeyyyeeyyeeeeyyy.....  me ....smoke weed ever 
 smokin good weed with a bad bitch givin a good girl bad habbits
 @listerine spray follows the path smoke takes aka 3x clean amp only takes 3 seconds @denonsunset @thecomedystore 
 hahaaaa free smoke bitch
 my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction
 watch out  fuckfaces. christian youth is in your town  dick weeds like it or not  we speak your lingo now  baby boy we blow dicks
 bitch im smoking weed in the six
 i love smoke but i baby stand the bitch 
 bitches gona cry  homies gona weed @ compton  california 
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together.  
 ill break down your weed sometime 
 yet @martywalsh preferred to keep marijuana illegal and have those funds go to the cartels. sad 
 lots of weed shops in canada still open. @justintrudeau took out @marcscottemery amp @jodieemerys to claim their hero status.cdnpoli
 im dying i found a smoke shop called canna culture
 my phone really be my newspaper shittttt. forgot that i was suppose to smoke  by being so entertained on my phone 
 its timing also stress bc im pretty happy n smoke again n am gaining when i was going thru it i lost hella weight 
 need me a lil baby i could smoke woods wit n paint nude photos of 
 only  you can drive drunk or with cell phones without worry or possibly both medical marijuana is going legal but we cannot fly a drone
 bitch is you smoking reefer
 juuuust smoke it yo..
 bitch im both   yee i had a drink but i smoke
 drake need to take a smoke break for a year or 2
 @artykarateparty your intro on free smoke makes me want to become a better man. you sound similar to amy winehouse on halftime.
 2018 ath kavosiey smoke from wetumpka  al has received an offer from carolina 
 just got called a pot head by some bum ass bitch lmao i berly even smoke gtfo
 somebody smoke with me on my break
 you a lame  and your bitch break down my weed sometimes
 ill smoke the whole world about my sisters and my brothers 
 john q shoulda smoked vader 
 all i want for christmas is two fat bitches and some weed 
 who tryna get scooped n smoke
 teddy just told me a pound of weed in jamaica is 5 lil ass dollars 
 @govmikehuckabee if i were a senator  id smoke his ass
 the only thing that sucks about el paso is that its hard to smoke weed out here  if you know me i puff anywhere but you cant do that here
 my mind loves to take over.. i should smoke one
 hey btvvt peeps  call your reps. if you want to see cannabis prohibition repealed here in vt  let them know. vtpoli mmj
 paul wall said he was at the smoke shop to give back to kids who missed christmas. watch live 
 @andybeth222 1. do you want your kid to smoke 2. do you want your kid to visit you in the hospital as youre dying of emphysema quit  dear
 where do yo go when the weed dont help
 time for a smoke break 
 holy smokes our 2.24ct milkyway bangle over smoky quartz is a mystical combination. available 
 if u follow me on twitter  and youre going to basslantic holla at me amp lets be friends  we can get down together amp smoke hella fatties 
 ssup its tuesday. taking a smoke break from life for a minute.  hope youre having a safe day. mystery  
 to smoke in the common or take my ass to the hood
 all i smoke is killa
 dj clean ... where theres smoke theres  
 @leahbeth charleston water doing smoke testing of pipes in carolina bay area
 all i want  santa claus  is two fat bitches and a bag of weed and two bags of chips to give to the fat bitches.
 its no hairylion or chewbacca  holy smokes this glitter really sticks to the inside of our 
 i cant smoke weed today bc of @googlewallet . smfh
 pot heads whos parents dont know they smoke 1 visine  2 hand sanitizer  3. cologneperfume 
 pot heads whos parents dont know they smoke essentials  1 visine  2 hand sanitizer  3. cologneperfume 
 correction   why do ugly girls think weed is free 
 someone fuckin smoke wit me n lexi like wtfffff
 finally a fucking smoke break 
 wanting so smoke but not being able to sucks butt
 the heat is on   wh in coverup mode. big black smoke
 its quite convenient that theres a weed shop across the street from red hot.
 good met this  just  supernaturally hot tourist at the bus stop we talked cannabis for the whole ride. bad i have ketosis breath oh noes
 second hand smoke is killer   like i cannot breath it in 
 im ready to smoke 
 @jeffsessions yo can you by any chance tell me the hospitalization costs for marijuana overdoses since the beginnin 
 i like this smoke dza amp pete rock.
 dabs cool and all but sometimes i just need to sit around and smoke a blunt
 broke bitches with no job that are stoners who smoke weed are the biggest hoes cuz all they do is fuck niggaz to get smoked out
 hoes getting d out amp im on ganja
 jacobys number is 7134740847 yall hoes can have him frfr just watch yall wallets cause it will come up missing maybe yo weed too 
 i just took my shoes off which means the weedman will be texting any second now
 perhaps they should focus on preventing concussions and rewriting their drug policy to exclude marijuana. 
 @ourindiana nothing here. we are looking for a clear puff of white smoke
 that just happened. holy smokes. raptors 
 serge is african. lopez wants no smoke 
 time for a smoke break
 suck dick roll weed on her resume good hair do damn near everything 
 rick ross snoop dog donated the smoke.   me ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
 holy shit  we get it. you smoke weed sometimes. find another aspect to your identity to be proud of.
 im in love with marijuana yo 
 brandon gave me food and weed to keep my mouth shut   he was the reason i was fat asf in 2014 bdubs was my bestfriend 
 would i smoke this bitch yes
 wish i had a down ass bitch to txt lets smoke hoe  she would reply down but naaaaa
 towne towers evacuated. fire on 2nd fl  smoke went up to 3  4  5  water damage down to 1st floor. power shut down to the entire bldg.
 my mans definitely got second hand smoke 
 wheres the weed man at these days
 @chriistophe dude look like he on probation and smoke a lot of black n milds 
 grow a lil jasmine and put it in ya smoke
 how to make me cry at work  customer can i have a smokehouse and a fresh icb 955pm me okay  bitch we close @ 10  
 nigga not a weed hoe food hoe off road parts hoe hiking hoe study hoe gym hoe jeep club hoe 5 colorado hoes and a p 
 lets smoke pot and sing dixie chicks in the rain
 seen my baby this weekend and we smoked a good share of weed  ima miss my lil baby @deonyx
 i let your bitch smoke designer drugs with all my thugs she got good head
 no weed  a bad night
 pull up with weed if ya love me
 bro yessss i just be ready to smoke  its so time consuming 
 @mim5453 @accio7 hes chewing the hell out of his nicotine gum  probably damning everyone to hell that he cant smoke.
 bruh weeds been feelin different lately i think about quitting but i cant do my baby wrong like that..
 homework we do  weed we smoke toni 
 ya bitch break down my weed sometimes
 have sex  suck dick  get pregnant keep your baby or abort it who cares smoke crack lol do you
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 transferring busses in seattle  dude in dress hey you smoke tries to hand me a crack pipe  nope. no sir. nope 
 hey hoe whats yo smoke scrolling through my twitter tho.
 is second hand weed smoke the same as cigarette smoke
 im only on twitter like this because this marijuana withdrawal is kicking my ass and i need a semi healthy distrac 
 yo mcm smoke mid cuz he gone be high regardless
 i want to smoke with monique but her bitch ass lives all way in salem. 
 you say you want some smoke  nigga puff it up bitch @rebeccachumble 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 but like im not gonna turn down a chance to smoke lets be honest here
 boston box 2275. smoke showing
 im about to report yall pregnant bitches that be smoking weed 
 if u pull the blunt trynna fill yo whole lungs up dont ask to smoke with me
 i let yo bitch smoke designer drugs...
 due to my dads lateness  i had time to smoke ampamp grab dunkin. 
 drake  free smoke summed up my whole life
 gas get smoked hoes get fucked pour a 4 in my cup
 all i smoke is killa  yo bih look like thrilla.
 lmfaooo he tb ill smoke yo ass  
 oh the other hand  i know quite a few rich minded individuals and wealthy lifers that smoke weed. ogmaster legalizeit
 bag smell liek fucking weed ... fuck
 was too close my mom smelled weed n went looking in my bad
 my bday today will consist of weed  top golf  molly  sluts by the pool  more molly  titty club  amp xanax to wash it all down happybirthday
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 yo yo yo someone got weed in my yoyo.
 6 cannabis strains to help you stay productive | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 ima stoner chick  amp from one to another .. i love bitches tht smoke weed especially if they bad bitches who steady rolling amp smoking
 all hands on deck  call  call again  email  fax  carrier pigeon  smoke signals  call again amp again be heard 
 walker hall  ecig and weed pen bitches sanford hall  real cigs and bourbon drinking bitches
 @yappyfatts8 @thatkiddtylerr im just spitballing  but maybe you travel to boston for the smokes
 gotta love a brisket sandwich @ smoked amp stacked  @smokednstacked in washington  dc 
 if weed make me so hostile n ready to punch any nigga shit im scared to see what liq really do to me
 wheres the free smoke
 he need to smoke that bitch 
 i dont think i should be breathing second hand vape smoke mom
 @kurteichenwald i hope youre correct and its not just another republican smokescreen.
 @camianece i dont own no car but i live in a house of acohol and weed addiction
 time to take a smoke break
 second hand smoke is the most added song this week. cheers to our fans and radio partners for the continued support 
 dont pull your weeds let that shit grooow
 just tapped seek amp destroy our smoked quadruple ipa coming in at 12.7  abv.  come in and give 
 2005 makeup  youth  2008 weed  life is pure  2011 relationships are complicated  breakups suck  2013 love is no 
 i cant wait till this smoke break like fucc i been preein this spliff for hrs
 free weed  sucking dick
 ill b able to smoke again
 last night got called  into work amp on our break we all took a smoke break  i love it
 yo bitch smokes dicks
 smfh whenever someone asks me if i want to smoke  just pass me the fuckin blunt bro.  bi
 im just a ratchet bitch with a cracked iphone  who smokes newports  and loves starting drama  opening lines to my autobiography
 ill smoke yo bf 
 proposed ohio law would penalize smoking in car with kids. i smoked a lot of 2nd hand smoke in family station wagon. 
 100 retweets and ill smoke a blunt at dutch.
 love marijuana smoke it on a dailyyy.  wiz.
 chick that sat next to me on the flight from san diego to phx smelled like weed and had a bag of jack in the box. 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 holy smokes i hope 
 bday party for my hubby at positive vibes smoke shop amp @studio420 this saturday chikfila at positive vibes 5730 sesh 810 at the studio
 smoke good weed w a bad bitch
 @mernahuana if the emerys are caught with nonlp weed theyll lose their assurities and go to jail. stop being willingly obtuse.
 i need a ride who can hook it up ill give u some weed or cash 
 somebody tap in me and my bitch trynna smoke
 @realjoshgard wheres the weed at
 on papers so i cant smoke no vapors n party at skyscrapers
 whos dick do i gotta suck to get some free weed @ogdaniels
 lets smoke
 dont waste my time i could be smoking weed lil bitch
 ab just let me pop my shit let me hit that weed  white gays and sip that aye nis whwhat the fuck dare you ta 
 if you suckin dick for a car ride  smoke up  or alc idc how bad you are ur a thot
 who got smoke uwg
 when you sneeze and all the weed flies everywhere 
 we deserve a smoke break chance
 hangin just to smoke boi you lame as a bitch
 when your husband blows smoke rings at you  lick them.
 come get yo fly gear. fwm  stsmokeshopwinrock @ st smoke shop 
 i said baby just buy dutches cause you cant smoke for free
 chance smoke cigarettes  
 idk if i can make a better case for banning freshmen from twitter or weed not being legalized from this tweet  
 wild wednesday at smokeys viscount @msbellabear 
 @taylorswift13 the young make bag boy and had cigarette smoke on his hands while touching our food. you and i. he tried to u5e plastic bags
 how you send 20 bags of weed to the wrong house
 he just smokes weed and fucks black bitches on tinder
 billy joel  lil weed  and a really good life
 just tryna smoke a j and pass tf out
 im ready for friday so i can buy me some weed and smoke 
 i love weed and money them my bitches
 feeling bad that prison guards and cops will lose their jobs once marijuana is legal is like feeling bad for blockbuster employees.
 @taradeschamps wait till weeds are free
 steen a freshman dormitory at stephen f austin state university that constantly smells like marijuana.
 all i want santa claus is two fat bitches and a bag of weed and two bags of chips to give to the fat bitches 
 tucker look at that forest me  points to bag of weed  him no shines flashlight at my hairy ass legs
 we in here comparing weed and who got it from 
 so weed breaks me out im so over it
 whos tryna smoke n kick it
 i just wanna smoke good weed with a bad bitch...
 holy smoke kinsler just missed a papa slam
 if i smoke you out we fuckin bitch
 yo i just want a chick to sing that dom amp hitboy 100 rounds with me while we smoke 
 west coast  are you ready  sheet music and weed on hand
 all instagram shows me is weed  sports memes and fat booty bitches
 @bremstone cool let me smoke and ill be in there
 if you wanna smoke i got some pretty good stuff back at my studio apartment
 all i do is read twitter and smoke lol
 my life goal is to smoke  eat and cook with action bronson @actionbronson 
 quick smoke session  ill pull up
 im so not a fan of tou natural neohippie hipster women.. bc 80100 of ya smoke weed and have issues and no attention span
 @johnsampson07   new top8c ill have a convo with you man i need a little smoke break for 1 minute
 im crying who is she im tryna smoke a b with this hoe  
 just cause he smoke n blount with you n put some dick on you he a real nigga  you hoes priorities so fucked up
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 open for a secret message  shut up amp smoke weed.                      
 yo ill fuck wit a ugly bitch who smoke that good goodbefore i fuck with a bad bitch that drink...im being honest  realshit fuckalcohol
 dear miami  i just want some weed 
 quick  take a picture of me wasting weed for twitter 
 me not being able to smoke in the brib really sucks  i wanna spark dis l but it bhilllly
 i remember a couple years back nick left his own birthday party to smoke a hookah pen and do hood shit savage mode
 yall live for bitches n blunts we live for weeeed n money  yall live for bitches n blunts we live for weed n money
 still cant make a phone call or send a text.  guess you can try smoke signals if you need to reach me
 @mrdavehill have u heard possible legalization of recreational marijuana in ct. a little dabll do ya  you feel me
 remind me again  my fellow individuals  what is  the weed number
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 a better state of susi cuz i actual may have found a me n the numbers i wrote n envisioned weed was love i so desperately needed  another me
 and if a leaf fall put some weed in that bitch
 tell yo friends they can smoke for free tonight
 my teacher just began the class with this might not be a good idea..but write down two reasons you would be for and against weed
 might pull up on tiff when i get off n smoke her ass out
 boutta smoke then head to work
 big dutches still the best thing to smoke out of 
 thank you dick weed 
 will i smoke this bitch yes prolly fail my piss test
 smoke you first then smoke yo potna at the second line
 i hate a you smoke too much or a you a pothead ass bitch like get off my dick plssss 
 what my mornings consist of weed and anxiety.
 weve been here an hour and dudes answered 2 phone calls been to the shitter twice... yeah go have a smoke break you earned it partner
 i do what i want and i smoke till im faded 
 alright  ill say it. smoke breaks should be a privilege not a right. technically no you do not have to go smoke
 shes a silly bitchshe den hit the weed nd started laughing
 break a little  roll a little  smoke until its hard to riddle  ap
 yo weed
 helllllllll no hoes wildinit dont get that serious behind weed 
 i love being high  my lil ass can smoke everyday
 weve got crawfish amp marchmadness we will also be @ toptaco w smoked maple glazed pulledpork amp jalepeno 
 lolol we gotta smoke together bruh 
 lets smoke about it 
 great discussion on ag topics during the silos and smokestacks spring ag roundtable  hosted at the sawmill museum i 
 when your pup smokes wichu 
 i needa smoke cuz
 i needa smoke cuz
 im so ready to smoke. this shift kinda trash cuz i cant take weed breaks like i can at night.
 when you do laundry at your grandmas and hope she doesnt see your roll your weed on it panties 
 ready to find out how fabulous these crux limitada ipcpr cigars are. ive been wanting to smoke 1 for a while now 
 @rosadelsoul lets smoke 
 10 years from now hi senator manning roast beef and smoked cheddar as usual 
 ya bish break down my weed sometimes
 puff puff chicken. @ smoke fest 
 she a silly bitch she hit the weed and start laughing
 i know i said 430 buuuut new beat up on soundcloud now my baby smokey the bad bitch on the 
 luanne amp i spent the morning weeding the stock ranch preserve. we weeded enough to fill two hand roll sushi shaped 
 these bitches wanna suck dick for weed
 profdont answer this question and dont raise your hand but who has smoked pot before marthaampchris raises their hands oh you said dont
 @thatboysgood look at that weed. it looks like fuckin potpourri
 my granny oldest son is alvin junior call him uncle mane he my favorite uncle on occasion he smoke crack cocaine
 we can only hope that where theres smoke  theres a good barbecue.
 i dare anyone to tell me there is a better spice than smoked paprika
 i just witnessed maria pick up a j with tweezers and smoke it   lmao bye
 client security stopped me and theyre going to arrest me for felony marijuana possession.  me shut the fuck up  ill be right there.
 i brought a lil california weed to smoke
 so i race down the escalator. when i arrive the deputy is searching my client and has about an ounce of my clients marijuana on his desk. 
 so i race down the escalator. when i arrive the deputy is searching my client and has about an ounce of my clients marijuana on his desk. 
 your wcw sucks for some smoke.
 twitter netflix music n weed
 freeway is about to yak from maxs cigar smoke. 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch  and give a good girl bad habits 
 what is that eary line of smoke or evil spirit juju seen in this video on the path of the tire b4 u see it hit the 
 wheres the fucking weed braaaaa
 smoke good weed w a bad bitch
 my bitch yellow my weed lavender
 im an addict myself  im not bashing everyone who smokes but society should be educated on addiction because its relevant in the youth.
 @judigatson gotta watch that 2nd hand smoke  tho. 
 sometimes you just need hickory smoke  a boston butt   and tennessee whiskey.    thedeckchef 
 when my boss says i can take a smoke break. 
 id be like mom  smoke some pot and shut the fuck up
 cant forget smokey on national pup day  vfl 
 the transition between free smoke and no long talk is so clean 
 if you smoke out of a can or a bottle you on yo way to becoming a crackhead 
 join us wednesday  april 5th at 7pm for culture amp cannabis at commonwealth tahoecannabis 
 measuring to significant figures has only helped me with two things in life  weighing my weed and measuring the length of my dick
 molly p3rkys n weed
 not smoking no weed till my career is where i want it to be  than ill be comfortable to do so
 shout the wheatley boys soccer team for defeating hempstead tonight 41 1st round of playoffs.
 phone be so dry bruh..only ppl that call me is the weedman or my mama.
 drank a lil drank smoke a lil smoke
 @dallasnews @themeemstreams @dmnopinion snoop go smoke a bowl and shut the fuck up
 and to be able to smoke a lil weed. a lil weed would be nice
 this 24 hour weed break has been so hard
 knowledge @ st smoke shop 
 @offcolorbrewing 15 feet was bottled today low abv jammer brewed with house smoked wheat. 
 bitch roll up this weed for me
 peep shit n continue to mind my business n smoke my weed 
 @maggievespa just stupid. at 18 your are considered an adult. if they want to smoke let them. they will get them anyway..
 boutta smoke up 
 feels good to announce i am no longer a smoker 
 knowledge @ st smoke shop 
 knowledge @ st smoke shop 
 if she dont smoke weed she a hoe 
 if u claiming gang u better get on yo shit cuz dis smoke finna be real 
 lets smoke
 sometimes we need to just relax and take a smoke and let it all out @ my way of thinking 
 lets smoke  wya
 @sethrogen my buddy and i are in la for spring break. are you down to smoke a blunt tomorrow
 ready for the smoker upallnight porkbutt pulledpork setfree recordingweek 
 i connect so much deeper with people that i smoke with. its a really cool experience every time 
 if i cant smoke in your studio  im not recording with you.  sorry not sorry
 alright bitch but when i want someone to smoke with im not hitting you up 
 bad day  good weed. balance
 i dont trust weed man that bags there weed up in lil nicdime baggies. fuck outta here with that elementary bs. 
 i came to chill with my hg bitch had a full on meeting like bitch i came to smoke  im forever surrounding myself with entrepreneurs 
 my weed stash is dead ass stored inside a timb
 smokes weed once @maevangelista 
 lets hope im not dying tonight bc my smoke alarms just went off  for five minutes then stopped
 you hoes want black lips soooo bad smoke roaches with ashy lips ..
 my glossier bag is my weed bag
 make the troph smoke free second hand smoke is a thing  make the troph smoke free second hand smoke is a thing 
 mark whalberg is a smokebomb
 @daiizaun smoke a lil bit  but its not
 back when i use to cop a couple quarters a week and smoke the whole thing with you  round them hood ass streets
 knowledge @ st smoke shop 
 yo i smoked wit dis girl yo amp she hit that bitch three times amp tapped. then she had me listening to ja rule amp nelly. blew my high.
 if someone can give me a ride from up to puyallup ill give u weed lol
 white n weed too
 @rashaepete sugar and high fat food give off the same type of dopamine releases as hard drugs. ajs second hand smoke has only been shown..
 my house is he definition  of alcohol amp weed addiction.
 my house is the definition  of alcohol amp weed addiction.
 was about to wake my bestfriend up to smoke
 @brokeassstuart bahahaha theyll blow their cigar smoke in your face. 
 watching my dad smoke a cig then take puffs of his inhaler breaks my heart 
 im up so....let me smoke
 smokin hella weed while we watchin hentai
 @donnylumpkins dan lets smoke a joint in seattle when you play ill prepare such means. sincerely yours  waiting till may for your tour
 if you smoke weed you have absolutely no chance with me 
 i really hate that smoke in greene st. i be dying  cant see or breathe 
 my life n wonder night terrors hell better than here u puke a lot i did while nightmare smelt cancer  smoke n bodys inside out how u feel
 i just smoked a blunt with yo bestfriend 
 i pass the weed to my mother  tell her roll that shit can i get a motherfucking soulclap bitch
 dick dildos and weed 
 amp yo bitch break down my weed sometimes
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch  and give a good girl bad habits.
 all i smoke is killa yo bih look like thrilla
 3 possibly 4 duis is 100 times worse than a player testing positive for marijuana.
 np chance the rapper  smoke break
 not good idea legalizing marijuana. just look what the republicans are doing with the country now.
 yo weed man add spray on to his weed before he sell it to ya and i aint arguing  
 @drroto pretty sad when weed is cheaper than water and chips.
 ima take a smoke break @ 130
 @codybreedlove32 thats he thing dude  hes weed sucks too
 pull up w a gar and we can smoke owwwt 
 oh honey ill smoke you til im dying
 they lock us up for weed but we dying form alcohol
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch.
 after falling through a ceiling i managed to make it back to my locker to nab my weed amp the bag phone on which im 
 im at northern waters smokehaus  @nwsmokehaus in duluth  mn 
 smoking weed till i overdose.
 todays tasting@pipeworksbrewin dos ghost gose slight touch of smoked malt combine wtart lime juice amporange peel 
 smoke1 smoke2 tell yo bestfriend i want ha too calvinism3reloaded
 @jajakisses i also owe you guys some  i smoked the stuff you left at mine lolol
 @youlovejazzylo let me pull up. i got smoke sak
  especially you bitch ass pv and hempstead niggas
 you can start a whole smoke session on twitter
 she cant hit my dope so i told that little bitch to smoke my dick
 this girl just asked me do i smoke weed bitch if i do 
 i used to pass her the smoke
 my niggas blaze that weed we gon stomp that bitch till she bleed dont let security through well icu security 
 smoking weed is my prayer for peace
 i just wanna smoke good with a bad bitch
 youuuuuuu a lameeee and ya bitch break down my weed sometimes...i love chance man
 anyone by hope any to smoke 
 @juicetresdeuce imma pull up on you wit some smoke a lil later . be prepared
 shut up mom i smoke dat dope 
 inhale the smoke bitch
 that bitch really had me doing coke. then i added molly. molly. coke. adderall. weed. henney.
 @ginosocialist can we be pals so i can dm you re medical cannabis for @leafly
 every time i give phelan a ride  he gets in  lights a newport and then ask me if he can smoke in my car
 smoking weed till my head right
 house republicans when some snort amp another smokes  coming up with the desired drug is useless with a 20 spot 
 happy birthday g @koatgoat hope you have a kick ass day and smoke yourself a fat doobie
 i can still remember how the weed smelt when you were riding shot gun with no seatbelt.
 people be having me mixed up with these lil hoes out here my mind goes deeper than sluggz  weed  and all that other bullshit 
 take the good with the bad and focus more on the good until the bad eventually weeds itself out
 this new custom dynamics dark smoke led tribar is going to look good on scarlet 
 oh. dont let me see you crying cause oh  honey  ill smoke you til im dying
 idk why these mofuckers test me on the road  like yo i will fuckin smoke your bitch ass
 dahn here we smoke tree  then let the world see  true hidden talent like screw and lil keke 
 no bitch you can not smoke my weed
 while i wait on the customer ill just grab some quick chill time patronperfection @ smokey 
 dave said 2 puffs of rapper weed lmao
 ran across this fly dude casually takin a smoke break dtla...had to give him a little change in exchange for a mini 
 pull up and buy a shirt  smoke
 did you love smoke n bones in oak bluffs last chance to get merchandise tomorrow  and for a good cause. 
 my brother sends me pictures of jack and smokey everyday  they really seem like they be posing  
 @1elevatedo9 @iamakademiks he has smoke about recent tragedy in america before but ok  trump was a whole tragedy tbh
 im turning up in the studio tonight  fuck it. lil kick back eazy session. my niggas need to come through with the weed  and vibe wit me
 welcome to oregon  if you buy a quarter oz of weed at the pot shop next to dennys  theyll give you a free bong
 ill smoke up whoever runs here with white grape white owls
 ya thing like omg n a jmj give me a fuckin torch n n a spirals of endless weed on a long black elbowled  lol peace pipe roach clip feathers
 knowledge @ st smoke shop 
 i didnt know what a pit sticker was. i thought it was like a weed sticker that you lick and got high.  @lovejewles 
 @sourcefed watching live amp having a 420 smoke sesh to @sambashor @stevezaragoza @candacesucks @stevensuptic @mattlieberman @avagordy bye sf
 someone smoke wme
 niggahs buy a gun.  rap and be trash af smoke and sell a lil weed.  pull a few ugly bitches.  then swear they the.  
 baby you can come ride in my beamer we can smoke n fuck in this 535
 you wont catch me smoking cigarettes. that shit tastes bad  smells bad  and literally has no benefits. ill stick to cannabis. 
 free smoke free smoke @ mark squared studios 
 over here by my hoe house i need to go see if he got some weed for me lol
 @lilbhori @finkstar  i need weedman lawn care to come pull some weeds for me at my new house
 @novembernicole1 omg i cant stand that nerdy  nasal sounding libtard. i like when she was up against tomi laren  tomi smoked her 
 @iamdjlp play the hook of free smoke please
 have anything on ya  no sir.......30 seconds later a bag of weed.  just tell the truth  @aetv livepd
 told my bitch shut up  she say i smoke too much
 i love smoke break by chance 
 @burn6out  or smoke break
 ohio state still sporting the weed stickers on their helmets
 ericlloyd at 3am clearly handlingit | weedland 06.11.16 behindthescenes production nightshoots filmlife 
 a young robert walters | weedland 06.11.16 behindthescenes production losangeles nightshoots belatedstagram 
 on call  slate ready  time for a nap. | weedland 06.11.16 behindthescenes filmlife nightshoots cathy palife 
 on call  slate ready  naptime. @catgloria | weedland 06.11.16 behindthescenes nightshoots palife production 
 partners meeting | weedland 06.11.16 production nightshoots filmlife behindthescenes 420friendly 
 its so easy to lose hope  so we smoke this weed to cope
 if i ever give up weed for real  ill apply to the police academy.
 guy thats not a bag of weed.its a pad.i got issues  cop you almost had me convinced you wear a manpon cuz you leak  meamp @redskihusky wtf
 @yaboidarian happy birthday lil brother smoke a fat one for me all wins no losses
 yaaaas smoke break @carrieunderwood @opry
 wow what a pass by @cpulisic10 to dempsey.  holy smokes  usavhon
 santa claus all i want is 2 fat bitches and a bag of weed.... and 2 bags of chips for the fat bitches.
 santa claus all i want for christmas is 2 fat bitches and a bag of weed... and 2 bags of chips for the fat bitches.
 when you pull over in a strange neighborhood amp someone thinks you want to buy weed amp youre just trying to catch a 
  lets smoke 
 when youre at an event.. shake a million hands and your hands now stink as if you smoke
 are we boutta smoke with @hippiesabotage ... yes 
 lmaoooo bitches really suck dick for weed 
 codiene zanny molly weed 
 i know this is dumb as hell but like if flatbush plays smoke break at this concert im going to be able to die a happy man
 im ready too smoke man 
 knowledge @ st smoke shop 
 you dont smoke during an orgy wheres your head 
 @fasterpussycat  up w me n yall in loveland  colorado.  june 30  2017.  nixons rocky mountain smokehouse n tavern 
 i can tell wen somebody smoked out they lips b dull n black af
 youre bitch swallows kids for weed
 bitch gone have to smoke me  imma be buried with it covered up  dumb bitch .
 so the bad thing about hanging out with smokers is the smoke. all clothes into the hamper. the good thing is  i no longer crave a cigarette.
 noah to be suspended for testing positive for an overthecounter supplement  is that what they call weed now lol
 now i got all the bad bitches passing me the weed
 wish i had a bad lil bih to come smoke blunts wimmee
 some of yall females just need to puff on some weed or sip a bottle and shut the fuck up
 lets smoke a blumt
 catch me w a bitch she asian  chinese  blowin weed big trees im amazin aint neva had a job but a nigga got whole lotta paper
 we had the mf smoke detector go off in this bitch 
 if anybodys up and down to pull up and smoke do eht
 im dropping raw knowledge on the troubled children  break that down in ur blunt n smoke it
 hit up my brother he would smoke a dutch with you and everything he cool 
 they kidnapping black girls for organs well bitch we drink plenty liquor amp smoke plenty blunts dont waste yo time on me
 show up  smoke the weed  take the liq and bounce 
 smoke weed count stacks get fly take trips
 after 5 hours of hickory and cherry smoke these are ready to wrap bbq weber tvwbb @ palmetto 
 she a silly bitch she hit the weed and then she started laughing
 when im trying to get real fucked up  i dont drink or smoke. i just pull out my chem homework.
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 brighten up the day and pass a smoke to another  
 i call my grams when i smoke my morning blunts
 it turn me off when a bitch smoke a roach
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 boys i hate a bitch that smoke . me  . 
 ian that stud thats fuckin for loud. i pay cash for big bags hoe  call ur girl and ask her how the weedman dick taste 
 @jimcramer hey jim im looking to buy marijuana stocks can you give me some good options
 im at smoke plano in plano  tx 
 thirsty to get off knowing i got about 6 more hours in this bitch  like i wake up smoking on saturdays amp now i cant smoke till like 7 
 if you see a weed in your life  pull it.
 being exposed to long term second hand smoke can cause heart disease and cancer to those who dont even smoke makes me so sad.
 im investing in stocks of legal marijuana companies. if you or anyone you know has had some success with this dm me. you may be compensated
 lmao all i get is lectures on why weed is bad  
 police pulled me over like there weed on my lip.
 i love black people cuz theyll sell you a gram of weed for 6 and two puffs of the blunt
 i smoke my biggest blunt  while i break a bitch  
 all i smoke is killer  your bitch look like thriller  i might pull up and serve you a pound on a 4 wheeer
 i smoke for free hoe
 all i smoke is killa
 excited to hear @timeonproject of tokyo smoke talk about their upcoming arrival to seattle tokyosmoke 
 no it aint... he look like the best weed big man chi ever had... 
 you always know when i smoked a lil  cuz my selfies look derp 
 i hate a who tryna smoke me up ass bitch
 cant wait to buy the ernie bong at the smoke shop
 yo @laurajanegrace could i trade some cannabis for a guest spot on monday in detroit 
 lets climb to the highest view and smoke bleazys all night
 wheres smoke theres fire. trumprussia
 i bet theres enough footage of me smokin reefer on lawrence traffic cams to splice together a feature film
 why aint no one tell u cant smoke in this bitch
 that moment when youre suppose to be helping your hubby pull weeds 
 i hate aggy hoes that stay wanting me to pull up and smoke one. then ain gettin no play. bitch you fine but yeen fina use me.
 boutta smoke this l wit my lil bro 
 i love wrong number texts. and  can 10 really hook up some weed 
 i was about to shout out this strand of weed im hittin right now but last puff i forgot the name
 damn that weed is dirtier then the devils dick on a sunday
 a bitch just tryna smoke  chill  and be angelic. thats all.
 lets smoke
 @colincowherd its cuz yall smoked weed together at his cabinmansion in rural washington  dont blame ya
 do yo smoke lol
 wheres the molly is there still weed
 yoooo this is the first family party ive openly been able to leave for a a smoke break this is craazzyyy
 finna give my girl a weed cookie she dnt een know it 
 b9 chris chatfield smokes a twoout single to right. usf has runners on 1st and second with two outs. tie game. 
 can marijuana help with flu like symptoms
 tired of seeing bitches smoke blacks bum
 love when the sabres smoke toronto .
 @jacobtwright524 the marijuana loud so them hoes follow like twitter
 mane im tryna smoke my life away all spring break
 @jodyavirgan @hackfortfest @cityofboise @wendythefox holy smokes. thats an incredible venue
 pass dat weed  around like a fuckin hors doeuvre
 only freshmans are gullible enough to smoke in their rooms. especially over spring break
 i have smoking rules.. ash before you pass  rollers rights  dont nigger lip it  and every smoker should do puff puff pass dont sit on it.
 trynna sell yo weed smoking lil ass blunts 
 i blame it on lex weed @alexusgloria
 @cannavibez is my favorite weed page on twitter hands down 
 all this weed amp no dutch 
 n some good weed 
 @usethefuture @goosegill yes  and hard to get to that point without a culture of cannabis knowledge and advocacy imo.
 n some good weed 
 man smokes weed and sucks a horses dick 
 what marijuana does yo you 
 finna smoke till i pass out
 15231 sw 80 st   pull up  hookah   beer pong   free liq   ganjaaaaa
 thanks to ca weed laws laws  peeps no longer smell of patchouli 
 @dailycaller the dems gloatingis liken to little demons laughing all the while knowing they are defeated its all just smoke amp mirrors
 knowledge @ st smoke shop 
 big lips and a blunt full o weed
 @mic @squarechicken potus in the weeds as usual
 boutta smoke this gas
 i could smoke n smile at her allllllday lol
 she cant hit my dope so i told that lil bitch to smoke  my dick
 overheardinla i cant break up with him he has my weed pen @realoverheardla
 pull and smoke wit ya boy 
 me before and after dick and weed 
 i like her cuz she smoke
 forget the blunttttt ill smoke dick 
 no weed  no dick  or no food.... lord will i even make it till morning 
 my dream promposal would be  if someone comes 2 my  with roses w a  scheesy prom line on a poster with a bag of weed
 just came home and smoked  a girls boutta pass tf out
 this old white woman said you smoke weed and stuff and licked her lip i cant
 im on my way to dras nightclub where the weed attttt
 smoke good weed wit a bad bihhh
 i smoke weed give me a break. 
 ready to see my girl amp smoke some jamaican kush
 horrible stab at the spelling but i catch your drift. and yes  very similar. needs a pack of smokes rolled up his s 
 hope i can make it through japan immigration with second hand marijuana smoke all over my clothes  people smoke joints like marlboros here
 yoo thugger said it best  in miami i swear they dnt got good weed 
 only person ill hand pick weeds for. got her ready for spring with some poms. i love you and miss you  granny. 
 lets smoke
 @snoopdogg i cant believe i missed you in aspen lets smoke a blunt together if youre still here.
 hopes and dreams.... and a whole lot of weed
 if you like swishers i cant smoke with ya lol or white owls
 @noreaga dm me ya line or put dj freddy fredy plus 2 on that thang ill slide thru n smoke 1 with ya big bro
 clean  homework  grocery store  then weed man... my schedule for sundays.
 me amp my bitch aint build no friendship or relationship we just smoked amp fucked i felt closer too the bitches i cheated with 
 believe it or not but im taking a smoke break.
 hey roger stone  this russian stuff is not a hrc campaign meme that has no smoke. stop fooling yourself or deluding yourself.  @thisweekabc
 if i catch nigga lackin free smoke free smoke 
 high school state tournament  smokey bones for dinner and skyzone 
 nobody sucks or fucks for weed cmon 
 tht moment u smoke a j amp look behind u amp the patty wagon right there chilling lol
 ayyeee smoke break by chance and future is playing on this episode of love netflix
 my moms calls marijuana laughing gas 
 i also like weed @kimswims
 bring me a wrap and ill smoke you out  lets write some music 
 @samanthao23 lets smoke
 boutta smoke one when i get off
 n smoke 
 i can smoke a bag of that. 
 ready to get tht smoke thru my system
 ben caplan amp the casual smokers come to the studio on april 2  730pm. hamont @tweetthecore 
 ill be online in a few minutes gonna go smoke a death stick and then ill be on chaturbate  hope to see ya there
 i just smoked a cig on my work break whats becoming of me
 illinois is considering legalizing marijuana for a fiscal boost 
 she flushed all his weed yo  
 all i smoke is killa. yo bitch look like thriller.
 if somebody takes me to the dispo ill smoke mf 2 blunts witcha ass
 @stewarthaasrcng @clintbowyer @rushtruckcenter go 14 smoke em clint
 the smokey mountains look better up close  i on the other hand look better from a distance  
 finna listen to some screw and smoke a lil. the hood real peaceful
 she smoke a lil weed but her shit together 
 i smoke weed cause life sucks
 hanging w the cigar crew. i smell. @ smoke chophouse 
 when yo blunt to pretty to smoke 
 fsu got smoked by xavier.. 
 @heflawless  heres a cool question for the qampa have you ever smoked cigars lol i have before and got sick i passed out  haha 
 ready for that smoke session @ the brib later
 found a weed connect lol  
 @hightimesmag those processed baby carrots are more dangerous than weed. 
 picked up tatsuyuki tanakas cannabis works  its cool to have all his linda3 art in one place 
 looks like citygateroc smoke stack fell victim to winterstormstellaaaaa. @ citygate 
 lets be friends amp smoke blunts amp go to a neon museum
 my brother has been listening to free smoke for the past 30 minutes straight like if he dont shut that shit up already
 till that ass get smoked 
 achoo weed flys everywhere 
 once i smoke ill be good again
 when the weed man tells you hes out until tuesday.. 
 you are second hand smoke.
 baby girl ill smoke you up then dick you down
 sometimes weeds wont come up. sometimes weeds meet pliers. winning
 so im moving into a subdivision called newport. i like this because i smoke newports
 @whatossangsaw ikr lolol nothing more than a little smoke  i swear
 @cupcakkerapper mama i lost 20 worth of weed n my depression is gona consume me. help me
 mom hannah you have to pull the weeds  me i cant im in huddle
 cause oh honey ill smoke ya till im dyin
 no you will no smoke me up.  you can choke on my dicks til you die.
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 im ready to smoke
 im ready smoke this black in here doe tonight it feel a lil nippy out.
 i break down the weed and you break down the wood
 also  remind me to stay out of midtown at night. bc this is the second time someone has tried to sell me weed like its legal.
 6. yes  not everyday but sometimes. cant smoke now because medication.
 she suck dick every celebrity nigga done ran threw her shit but ill still smoke it 
 im ready to smoke 
 holy smokes im so excited for prom
 luckily she didnt go to pp which was founded by a woman who said ns are human weeds and should be eradicated. he 
 second hand smoke sam riggs 
 is smoking weed bad while youre pregnant
 i cant imagine going thru the struggle of not being able to smoke cuz of probation
 @tmardizon bet yo yo i smoke more blunts than hitler smoked jews come at me bro
 really needed that lil smoke break ...
 its gonn take me an half hour to smoke this jawn 
 just tryna smoke good weed wit a bad bitch  give that good girl some bad habits
 just wonna lay down and smoke witcha
 i really missed the weed out here 
 when the cops arrive for the weed bust 
 i am triggered rn wheres my weed
 weho small like weed tonight  
 my brother doesnt give me many gifts. this time he gave me a frozen fish he caught and smoked. thats his emotional max.
 pass me the weed
 when my friends and i live together im hiding easter eggs with weed nugs and mini alcohol bottles
 i smoke a lot of weed to keep them bitches off my mind  @ mascaras gentlemens club 
 oh honey i smoke ya till im dyin
 i love this shut hella nintendo games amp weed
 so im out of weed  and all i have is a big bag of shake. so i put it in my grinder and shook it and now i have hella kief. weedgodsgotme
 this bitch thought he said he had weed but he meant wii 
 lol im laughing at how good my weed connect was that allowed me to support my early music career lolll i had fire cali for the low yesssss
 it a very good thing that cannabis will legal finally.  but it will be expensive if the provinces will be able to s 
 who tryna smoke pull up
 i pass weed not judgment 
 now we are beginning to see some really good stuff christie  kushner  dynamic  lightning and smoke 
 things that suck goin to the casino and waking up with a sore throat from all the 2nd hand smoke 
 i pass that weed like i studied
 the pmo is confirming legislation to be introduced to legalize marijuana week of april 10. aims to legalize by july 1  2018. cdnpoli
 this nigga said tom savage and branden weeden
 i jus need a lil lowkey to smoke wid n hump on
 im still in the holyfield serving angels holy smoke
 sprannng break amp weed  happy fuckin randi
 national marijuana advocacy group plots michigan legalization plan. 
 canadians should be able to smoke marijuana legally by july 1  2018  a government source has confirmed.  
 canadians should be able to smoke marijuana legally by july 1  2018  a government source has confirmed.  
 lets smoke and do these 
 julz needs to wakey wakey eggs n bakey bc i wanna smoke and i dont dare do that wo her
 so i will offcially be able to smoke on 420
 ready to smoke another blunt 
 @kpmidatlantic if smokers can have breaks  i advocate for daily yoga breaks  10minutes per hour during work myhealthyidea
 @stephenasmith youre just wrong about this marijuana issue.
 @stephenasmith weed so can million dollar nfl  athletes pathetic if they cant stay clean for a few years while they make millions
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch azasha told me to
 fuck round n get yo ass smoked 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 democrats blow smoke up the publics ass on russian involvement with the republican administration in order 2 detrac 
 nothing makes me madder than watchin a bitch smoke a blunt and not even inhale any smoke
 like bitch smoke to get high  not to try and look cool 
 lil brazzy bitch. my bitch. the talk back and smoke my sack type of bitch 
 you smoke cigs i cant mess with you then k bye  
 listen to no smoke prod. gnealz amp akachi by lil purpp smokepurpp np on soundcloud  @smokepurpp @lilpumpjetskiii
 i said you what mane you cant smoke molly period..... you been off the meth and those girls played you
 coltsfoot  a common weed in ont  evolved with a longer growing season in europe. its already blooming in torontos 
 i packed this bowl for twooooo amp ieyyiii wanna smoke it with youuuuu  dedicating this song to my significant othe 
 i smoke too much. taking a break until the weekend.
 cockroaches on your smoke detector call ampulex for expert extermination www.  for free q 
 twitter tl is like separating the wheat and the weeds for women.
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together.
 sometimes a smoke is the breath i cant take
 smoking weed to migos and just me and me amigos
 the wayyy that yo bitch break down my weed  sometimes..
 i have to put @stephenasmith in the blackstraitejacket after todays @firsttake weed segment. ill talk about it on @northstarpod
 whoever builds one in manchester could make a killing. weve got plenty of parking  smokers  lotto addicts  and coo 
 good weed  bad bitch.
 holy smokes our spring line up is  
 you wasting the weed bitch 
 | cowboy fries |                       hand cut idaho potatoes tossed in sea salt  smoked cut 
 @senatorgrantham say no to pot clubs no second hand smoke for non users
 wish i had me a lil bitch to roll this blunt... but cant even trust yall hoes with weed.
 @giulietti42081 holy smokes david this stock is killing you.
 chicks that smoke gt yessss
 i swear the stonger my weed the deeper i go into my mind
 my 2 addictions at this moment... marijuana and twitter but fuck twitter lol
 why is the weed so bad in phoenix lol
 this is why i stay smoking weed. i dont realize im being a bitch till after i smoke.
 all the weedheads mad at me
 give a guy a bud n hes got smoke for the day. teach him to grow n hes got smoke forever. plus get him ready for t 
 i put your hoe in the lou   then i blow smoke out the vou
 whoa he smokes cigarettes every day all day no break or pauses 
 i have a texas cinnamon bun  salt and v chips  choco chip muffins  snapple  weed amp shameless. life is complete. goodbye social media
 yea i suck dick  smoke weed so what
 checking out the brewers amp rockies  cohiba enjoyinglife @ famous smokeshop 
 the police pull me over said its weed on my lips
 one thats not gone pull up on other bitches amp smoke em out 
 free smokeoutowater stickers come n see us vapingsavedmylife vapingclouds 
 all that smoke from a lil ass pistol  
  @twitter @billmaher @berniesanders israel puts patients b4 politics studies cannabiscancer  @cannatech @mmflint
 jerry jones out here tryna get the prohibition lifted on weed in the league. jerry trying to be progressive 
 tfw youre tryna avoid second hand high today  but your friends are both hot boxing and exhaling all the smoke in your direction 
 dear @annmagnuson   could you do a medical marijuana prayer or dance for west virginia.   its being debated on the @wvhouse now.   crystal
 hey @standardmiami kinda gross eating my healthy meal sucking in second hand smoke. can i smoke in the spa miami southbeach
 some some dick amp suck down weed @lugoprice
 smoke some dick suck some weed @lugoprice
 smoke some dick suck some weed @lugoprice
 lets smoke
 when i get home swear im taking a smoke break
 senator @markwarner sometimes smokes so many cigarettes that his lips turn blue gross @realdonaldtrump @melaniatrump
 prevent weeds before they come up  its much easier than trying to get them all later lawncaremonth april 
 man we smoke n traffic
 @danstheman2000 yea i smoke games and white owls mostly unless i can get some phillis or dutches
 dont fuckin smoke if you cant be high and real at the same time 
 i have smoked weed some of you avon people give me amp its  shittersssssss
 literally if u are going to text me who has weed u can lose my fuckin number fein
 i crushed some weed on my phone case yesterday and that shit smells dank when i take it off 
 lets smoke this blunt hoe
 school boy q bogus for feeding his boy the weed edibles and taking his eye brows off with tape lmfao
 my lips getting to black  i smoke to much
 ready 2 smoke
 ma has highest rate of opioidrelated er visits yet faced aggressive opposition from gov officials on recreational marijuana. makes sense
 @acevonjohnson @thewhiskyagogo @thechadstewart usual tender with the bag of weed 
 corey kluber is struggling to keep the ball in the yard. after two solo hr  rangers odor smokes threerun blast to rf. 3indians
 am i sensitive because im a @mapleleafs fan or does andersen get way too much contact from opp teams hes always getting smoked. tmltalk
 @levelupbit when i do smoke obviously
 @selfmadetim bitch stay off my shit b4 i smoke u
 smoking weed to migos  its just me and mi amigos. frio
 ready to clock out and smoke some blizzys
 no weed or phone awesome such a great start to april and this weekday 
 kick rocks or smoke em bitch idgaf 
 who in gary n trynna bring me some food ill smoke one them bitches
 just need a bad bitch to smoke good weed w
 aerosmith sucks as bad as that spool on your weedeater that is suppose to release extra string   ncaachampionship
 you bitches stay wasting money on weed but cant smoke 
 yo. pass the joint. its to smoke  not a photo shoot.
 lets smoke weed about it.
 statements like this aint gon help jerry jones end weed testing... 
 pinche killeen ghetto the streets smells like marihuana
 pull up and smoke up the whole block 
 will some1 be a friend n smoke me out a lil  im sad
 analysis | the white house is a smoke machine when it comes to russia  
 my gma know i smoke but ill never let her catch me high lol
 john oliver the comedy and tragedy of us marijuana laws httpst.coigswpff54x  boston comedy @masscann 
 im on weed amp she on molly
 wheres the weed in tulsa  help
 @scbravo so funny @wsudlersmith with @pataltschul and the weed so cool you love your mom so much
 ugly god and migos in orlando for smokechella on 420 how do i get there
 @amberlportwood vfd cleard us 2 go bak n even tho fire chief admitted he saw smoke n attic amp felt a hotspot n ceilin 
 bitches be tryna be cute on snapchat and smoke and cant even smoke 
 khania just told me she gone cps on me if she ever see me smoke while im pregnant 
  i smoke out of turkey bags 
 lets smoke about it
 fuck your car hahah real. i got a chevy now. and a jeep. dont keep or weep. smoking my weed hahah
 im ready to smoke.
 if you dont smoke then why the hell you reach for my dutch 
 @evepeyser you cant fool me  eve  i saw that. smoke a bunch of weed and pass out. also 4 hours of sleep is totally fine. rest well
 my older cousin got her lil brother a weed plant ...... a fuckin plant 
 lets smoke
 yeah its definitely time to smoke. getting a lil saddy waddyy
 me she might have a bad liver @lcgettelfinger what does she smoke a lot
 ladies  you ugly if your weedman aint tried to hit on you
 who the hell is the natural girl in kendricks new video..holy smokes.
 bad bitches an good weed
 call me a cynic but this looks like a smokescreen to me 
 dont smoke before you go to the airport... just spent 20 on 2 bags of chips  candy bar and water 
 wicked weed  iron lady imperial black india pale ale 9.5 abv. bottled on 13117 
 with the echoes of the amplifiers ringing in ya head  smoke the days last cigarette  remembering what she said.
 they better take it out my hand cause i will smoke that whole blunt with no remorse  
 im on weed and she on molly
 i smoke loud u smoke mid yo head dizzy yo head 
 i like when we drivingampwe pass by a place and we can smell some bomb as weed my man and i automatically look at each other with a smile 
 bitch you wasting all the weed  
 absolutely unacceptable... ill help you before i let you give me that 2nd hand smoke lol 
 @stephenasmith @firsttake hes right but for the wrong reasons but i would be for players being allowed to smoke af 
 i dont smoke but i take a puff   been crushing on you since you had braces yeah 
 my boyfriend is literally my bestfriend we can pop xanz smoke bowls pour up po and have the best time with just us.. relationshipgoals 
 iaint givin is weed up nomo
 no  son  dont smoke that natural plant. here  take this pill that has butylated hydroxytoluene  hypromellose  polyethylene glycol 
 is it nigga weed or is it other stuff 
 im caught between a beggars teeth.  buried in the wilted roses and pregnant weeds. 
 i need to chill on smoking but... puff puff pass wit yo bitch ass back in highschool used to smoke when i skipped class amp now im a addict.
 she smoke my dick i put er out
 bitch im treed i smoked a tree
 ill fcuk around n smoke a whole zip these days  dailyroutine   djflyguy @ denver  colorado 
 let me smoke my weed 
 dear arcanum high school  no shit i smoke weed wanna hit it
 chance the rapper x smoke break
 ampi if a leaf fall put some weed in that bitch
 gotta smoke before i go to school so i dont end up slapping any of them ugly ass kids.
 honey  ill smoke you til im dyin
 back in good ol chicago. im embarrassed to admit how much i missed cannabis.
 i packed my cigs so good this morning that i almost didnt want to smoke them they were so pretty
 i sit back and smoke my smoke be thicker than a twitter hoe
 told that bitch i love her but iah smoke yo brother
 rangers better smoke those weak ass habs
 i like to smoke with cigawette ugly ass 
 @cyniccorner the one about families being stuck with bad weed at christmas kills me.
 if you would really take someones life over weed  you arent savage  youre fucking dumb.
 more pictures of our weed demonstration in poppa jacs peach orchard in white county 
 @thatonemermaaid i started laughing and he said what pretty girls deserve free weed
 i just stick to myself  smoke weed and write music...
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together..
 @deboerupdates vfd cleard us 2 go bak n even tho fire chief admitted he saw smoke n attic amp felt a hotspot n ceilin  
 im on spring break and all i want to do is smoke and adventure
 @tredicl @exodvvs reasons to smoke weed you dont trip out under anaesthetics
 @exodvvs @tredicl better smoke some weed from now till then
 i got on fb and all of the idiots i went to high school with are tweeting about marijuana becoming legal. gtg.
 smoking weed to migos its just me and mi amigos
 bad bitches with the big butts made me the butt of they jokes  but now they hit me on the low like where the hell the free smoke
 u can get a haircut and weed at any black barber shop fyi
 day off clean  smoke   clean  smoke   see my love amp babygirl
 baby it go down when you mix hen amp marijuana.
 she love it when we get togetha   smoke a lil weed put ha shit together .
 @cnn @cillizzacnn lil puffs of smoke. unlike the fullblown podesta brother taking 500gs from russian entities fo 
 i smoke a bag of weed all on my fucking own
 the only reason id smoke menthols is to freshen my breath.
 having a @highhempwraps smoke sesh with my cannabisqueen erinmariee2294    hope your tuesday 
 badadviceforparents if u catch junior smoking pot  lock him in a closet with a box of pot n tell him he cant come out till he smokes it all
 maid came anyway had me dying laughing. smoke time  art errands. timemanagement
 @iamthejello @mindofjonah ha  says you miss second hand smoke
 @churchofbasebal even assholier is when they have their car window cracked to let the smoke out. because its too n 
 talking to your kids about marijuana will be a lot easier with these tips from @denverparent. learn more at 
 n weed  
 ..and my house is the definition  of alcohol and weed addiction.
 @poutinerie hey smoke  i told you i had a sticker on my laptop my fav brands brandambassador from vancouver  gr 
 closing shifts are lowkey lit cause u get to smoke after gtgt
 all i smoke is killa  ya bitch look like thrilla
 wanna be tough hoe   treat yaasss like the dope get smoked luh bitch 
 wheres the weed at
 i just cant wait for tony to call a cowboys game where were getting smoked.
 boutta smoke a fat woody 
 spray the area that has weeds before they have a chance to flower and spread. lawn lawncare lawnservice 
 drinking a lil weedy by @bluepantsbrew @ the bulldog jackson  
 on a whole other note that phone call with my sister just pisses me off so bad i wish i could fucking smoke 
 she a silly bitch hit da weed and started laughing
 chilling in the studio with big marc. quick 3 hour sesh then smoke break then back at it from 10midnight.
 pussy ass bitches want noooo type of smoke stop fucking with lame ass hoes
 nowornever we stand against the republican party we need to weed out these old school liers for their stink alread 
 for the unifying mystical love of cannabis
 im ready to smoke that exotic
 bitch told me she wanted to smoke   i was like cool. she fuck around and pulled out a pack of blacks 
 if i gave a fuck about a bitch i would have no indo to smoke
 my mum tells me to stop smoking weed cause im becoming too thin.... hah. yeah if weed was the issue id be a stick by now 
 the marijuana loud so these hoes follow like twitter
 lets have a smoke
 @jabarithegreat @keithgotslutz @nesssuh guys  let her smoke dick
 goodnight all bees fans when we wake up tomorrow were in the fucking playoffs smoke it if you got it puff puff give
 @tuckercarlson tucker  ive considered changing from republican to libertarian cuz you are right in your views amp this david saying smokesc..
 tuesday night at the ballpark cant get any better well maybe if o could smoke my cigar godiamondbacks 
 how do i look not playing matchmaker when all the dutch wants to do is cuddle with the weeds
 how do i look not playing matchmaker when all the dutch wants to do is cuddle up with the weeds
 how do i look not playing matchmaker when all the dutch wants to do is cuddle up with the weeds. hitch mode activated
 how do i look not playing matchmaker when all the dutch wants to do is cuddle up with the weeds. hitch mode engaged
 how do i look not playing matchmaker when all the dutch wants to do is cuddle the weeds. hitch mode engaged
 im finna go get me some weed while im doing laundry i feel like sucking some dick wya black dick im lookin fa yuh 
 she a silly bitch she hit the weed and started laughing
 finna let my phone die smoke then gts
 who smokes  that lives in tampa .
 nvm on becoming vegetarian and not smoking weed
 which is the more savage way to smoke weed
 yo this house show has a smoke machine. bruh
 smoke a lil smoke
 pull up n lets smoke sum  
 @ltjbig9 @cfbedits cant wait to see you in smokey greyorange amp white playing in front of 107 000 on rocky top go vols vfl
 @kaylaaajazz its fuckin 10 a pack for me bc i smoke newports 
 dear high school joseph stop letting people tell you weed is bad. weed is not bad. weed good. high school bad.
 whats yo name baby tell me do you smokei do the same shit amp maybe we can blow
 jade my girl of ladies of paradise used to play soccer together growing up amp shit. now we about to get this cannabis culture bag. hehehe.
 finna smoke n slee
 @tuckercarlson great job tucker  dont let these liberals blow smoke up your arse i cant wait till this susan rice story is fully exposed
 baby if you cook and roll dat weed ill be so happy witcha
 boy we will smoke your fuckin top 
 literally all i do is smoke and cry someone help
 smoke some fuckin weed man
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 maddie gets triggered to smoke weed by a sign that said hood
 theres too much going on  what do i do i smoke something amp write poems
 its the weed and prayer that be having me chilling
 @trudaddytilly wheres the weed
 everythings better with a bag of weed
 @aflames so shut up and go smoke it
 lets smoke and vibe while your in the studio all night baby  im with all that
 im on weed she on molly
 i dont support the corporatization of marijuana.  i support individuals. i want to keep  in hands of people  not corporations.
 i got serious smoker lips syndrome lol
 the cannabis origin what is a landrace strain | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 i just cant trust anyone who smokes outta white owls 
 i be needing somebody to smoke with sometimes
 420 n high school was such a big deal if you smoked
 @kaaybeeeee weed bad
 smoke good weed w a bad b
 props to the cowboys owner for endorsing marijuana stopbanningmarijuana
 why is your girlfriend a bitch  wont let us smoke in house  i say you let the hoe out
 @midnight budgetmovies ferris buellers smoke break
 takes bag of oregano out of fridge whos weed is this
 you a lameeeee and ya bitch break down my weed sometimes.
 smokin weed to migos its just me and me amigos 
 these bitches regular and they smoke regular. if these bitches bad then bad bitches regular.
 youre the smoke i pull to escape the thought of you.
 i dont smoke but ill take a puff.
 dick oliver you can see grey smoke as people are putting water on it.no dick. dick it may have been a drone.no dick.
 lets smoke
 i wish school would give me smoke breaks these teachers get on my damn nerves
 @ridingwithcasey @dretheeactor this nigga be havin me so lost sometimes lol i need to smoke with this nigga and just put him on live
 @edsbs some weird stuff on that ride. some high grade stuff was surely smoked during its construction. its a smallchill world
 im ready to smoke 
 im surprised im not contact high from this customer. it smelt like he showered in weed
 amp yo bitch break down my weed sometimes
 pull up to the weed spot like yuhhh
 i love it when that call me big poppa and i only smoke blunts if they rollled proper
 love how that hoe roll my weed 
 smoke good weed w a bad bitch
 so i cruise by my local smokeshop to kick it with a couple my boys
 gonna smoke this 24k gold blunt on the santa monica pier
 a family that smokes together  stay together  im dying. 
 just saw a mormons for marijuana bumper sticker
 lip swatch of @occmakeup lip tar in pool boy  using the bdelliumtools studio 716 smokey 
 breaking tsa flipflops on medical cannabis | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 @iamsteveharvey vfd  all white people cleared my family and i 2 go back n after admittin 2 feelin hotspot n ceiling and seeing smoke n attic
 .@shawnachor  confirming what weve known all long  happiness just like second hand smoke is contagious...pass it 
 im ready to smoke again.
 lmao im ready to get smoked later today.. our unit sucksss
 we have stop naming everything sometimes a cigar is only a smoke 
 i smoke weed on my smoke breaks   fuck a damn cigarette 
 holy smokes  it costs 4 to watch a @lmschools junior high track meet is this real life 
 lol i deserve a smoke break 
 if you smoke while pregnant then you love yourself more than your baby and youve already failed at being a mother
 my weed twitter got deleted like why
 breaking tsa flipflops on medical cannabis | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 i hope i smoke my way up to babylonhit the link in our bios 
 breaking tsa flipflops on medical cannabis | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 breaking tsa flipflops on medical cannabis | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 breaking tsa flipflops on medical cannabis | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly long 0verdo
 next motherfucka want smoke with me im yelling pull up lets die  fuck it ill leave this bitch ... bet you leave me alone 
 get ready... 420 is coming... live art  free food amp speicals from washingtons finest cannabis companies  420 
 bitches that smoke blacks 
 my baby aka lil smokes come out to dnb tonight  
 let me lick this blunt....slow it down for a second...break it down  oooohhhj  smoke break @chancetherapper 
 fratellomoment fratello pro. wonderful smooth cigar puffandquill @ puff amp quill smokery 
 fratellomoment fratello puffandquill @ puff amp quill smokery 
  hanging out of her mouth  clinging to breath  as a cigarette on a smokers lips. reminding me of a cow chewing its cud. farmkid
 @marcomnyc @saiberspace1 nope but risky assets getting smoked will more than offset benefit on liabilities side of the equation.
 smokin weed to migos its just me and me amigos
 let me make two instagrams one to be a hoe and the other to be a hoe who also enjoys weed
 every bitch i fucked done sucked my dick  i pour out some drank for niggas i miss  i hope the weed aint too loud to hear the snakes hiss
 google says its ai chips smoke cpus  gpus in performance tests  pcworld  
 chances are if i see a bag of weed casually chillin  im taking it.
 so you cant fly with weed anymore.
 more weed n all more i feel
 @heyitsmack bitch smoke with me
 z palmas make me scared to smoke a facial.. be burning longer than southwest bitches 
 i can pass the weed but cant pass the fcat.
 @yungbull smoke till my lungs hurt
 @philmccrackin44 @espn i want @gehrig38 to have ditka on his periscope to discuss this. while ditka smokes a huge cigar.
 breaking tsa flipflops on medical cannabis | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 free smoke blackinkcrew @ black ink tattoo studio 
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together 
 the night i try to do my homework  i cant  smoke sesh den
 boy it look like they lace yo weed 
 yo i need to smoke
 a nigga will smoke his whole sack just to impress some hoes
 smoking weed to migos its just me an my amigos.
 knowledge @ st smoke shop 
 momma im sorry i smoke i know do things i shouldent provoke
 i remember we jumped savage ugly ass for fun. then smoked a blunt with the nigga afterward cuz he was bitching 
 yes its my motherfuckin bag that smells like weed bitch i dont give a fuckkkkkk
 if you have ganja  and netflix go watch chewing gum 
 why is this man trying to buy some gummy weed 
 culture and cannabis 
 .@ochocinco yo can we smoke a cuban together im in our college town
 @suburbanegro smoke a dick
 i cant smoke light i got a heavy conches
 sometimes i forget that rec. marijuana is legal in ma... until were walking around boston and my dad tells someone hes got the good shit
 boutta smoke this blunt to ..
 im at the airport  ready  not ready to fly. lol. i hate flying. but the weed helps
 boutta smoke a cigar and sip starbucks tea
 i dropped my fucken weed and that makes me triggered
 aaand your bitch break down my weed sometimes
 thanks for descheduling cannabis @barackobama  eat bags and bags of dicks. clearly the next guy will do it as he  
 smoking is really bad for you  you got that  you better not smoke  at all  
 @nyokahunt lets smoke 
 sad that i wont be able to smoke on april 20th this year 
 imagine i took that addy in my treasure chest. no weed. then a tab. id be mentally and spirtually dead by dawn.
 if yo ash aint white  yo weed aint klean . real smoker faxts
 im just tryna find me a bad bitch that that wants to smoke all day and fuck all night
 @darkxenonight hey does seattle have legal marijuanas
 had a quick smoke sesh wit ma cousin  now im makin myself breakfast. iss gona be a good day 
 look at the weed make your bitch do
 all i need is somebody who fly wanna smoke this tree  down for doing acid slim up in that waist but that ass fit
 just like second hand smoke
 time for a lil weed smoke 
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 ill smoke people out sometimes but lord muhfuckers getting hell of comfortable. 
 being able to smoke whenever i wantgt  being able to make my l as fat as i want it to be gt
 all i wanna do is smoke witcha  sit down have dinner with the folks witcha
 i told da bitch i love ha  but ill smoke ya brotha
 god is great weed is good amen 2that shit
 we have the best weed  all information on our phones  apps that gets you rides  scientifically modified bitches  food trucks  facetime ....
 when you tell a female light up and she pull up on you with no weed and no roll up 
 if dubya can call karl rover turd blossom cant djt call steve bannon sht weed
 ready to smoke
 fuck it cuz im good weed puffin and my whole team stuntin boy wassup
 kid next to me in this assembly smells like weed i am dying
 sour dream ejuice is in stock at @lavapors lavaporsclt lavaporsclt @ lavapors elite smoke 
 so... @justintrudeau has exactly 2 weeks to draft legislation legalizing marijuana if hes to do it before 420. happy420 legalizeit mj
 baby it go down when you mix hen and marijuana 
 pulls out twizzlers you want some reefer  @natetrammel
 and if you dont smoke then why the hell you reachin for my dutch
 smoking weed to migos  its just me and my amigos  
 im reading the police report from my break in and they found weed on him but described it as a large bag of green plant like material 
 no cap .. me   lex   mikayla   and kierra be having real deal smoke sessions 
 i hope i smoke my way up to babylonhit the link in our bios np on spinrilla  soundcloud  
 @palimun cause he smelt like smoked sausage....
 lets smoke some
 brickhouse cigar event at lil brown smoke shack  april 7th 2017 
 the marijuana loud so these hoes follow like twitter
 shorty smoked my dick den i pass out
 yo i recently found @jenny69  on youtube and i fucking love her. real af and so inspirational plus im tryna smoke with her 
 @rosadelsoul lets smokeeeee
 yo i dont smoke weed
 i am coating a large version of smoke 2 to be packed and shipped to a collector in california. 
 lets smoke 
 all this smoke screen to keep the uniformed looking @ the right hand while the left hand pulls the strings
 its smokepurpp the chemist and lil pump the scientist and we finna take yo bitch to the movies
 wheres the party at after reefer madness 3 on saturday
 catch his ass  thats his ass  smoke his ass just like some gangja 
 i need to get back on my shit. spring break fucked me up n i didnt even do anything crazy i was just smoking a lot of weed lol
 theres 13 reasons why we should smoke a fatass dutch n learn to care more
 how can u get gum cancer by chewing gum while u smoke
 im just trying to smoke a bowl n my dad n brother r truly killing my vibe
 die how you live  smokin weed and dick
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 fuck feelings wheres the weed at
 phone wallet keys weed ya sleeper 
 that hoe look lit. will it be smoke friendly  
 had to do some tweaking to ensure full capability but i finally got my automatic smoke testing codeception script working nicely. php
 smoke a lil weed but my shit together 
 married to marijuana @noreaga @apt4b apt4b 
 it is raining very hard but im still walking home for my weed break
 i just finished weeds and i think i might cry
 hope i can go @ smoke rise  new jersey 
 when ya homie tells u to roll up n lie n say they aint got weed 
 trying to wait for nav before i smoke this j  but also i might just smoke it anyway and then smoke a second one.
 lets take a smoke break with shiest bubz and puma at the secret location mobvill harlem go 
 @younghugger rapper weed got my crying
 i just wanna smoke with @alainavertino and snuggle all her pups 
 these sweets so legit.but u cant smoke in this bitch @officialwebbie lend a nigga some tape amp 
 smoking weed to migos its just me and mi amigos
 im trying to smoke a few blunts to start my spring break off 
 wheres the weed man at
 who tryna smoke nikka
 give a hoe a gram amp smoke one with ha nah watch the hoe do whatever 
 bum ass nigga smokein weed with tha cops 
 lil throwback even though im a day late but hb to this lil mama hope you smoked hella woods  @sophiamooore 
 @amandalafrenais also lcws squinty eyes make him look baked  amanda did you give that ratto weed
 better go smoke on another niggas dick
 @realdonaldtrump a lil bitch mind your business fuck nigga go wig shopping or something  bringing smoke to the us
 my friends took a break from weed for about 10 hours... how pathetic.
 this is the worst tragedy i have ever seen. paris landing volunteer firefighters tell us no smoke detectors were inside the home @nc5
 reed do all the right things but he not fw yall on the marijuana  
 the revolution  will not be televised here  skippers smokehouse though  tampa  nationalpoetrymonth 
 future almost got in his feelings on smoke break and had to catch himself lol i bet chance was like 
 they smoke black n milds......still got deodorant residue under they arms...
 the whole world needs to meditate and smoke a jay...
 fuck bad bitches amp smoke big blunts who am i to tell you different you only live once
 good weed bad bitch got these hoes on my dick like brad pitt  whoa i seen it all before  the bitch got a man but she scheming on the low
 if you aint rolling your weed in a white owl  or a swisher sweet  i cant smoke with you
 all i smoke is killa  yo girl look like thriller 
 smoke good weed till my face turn numb 
 im known for getting truth out n entertains as distracting some thing hypnotize or my weed all natural as me in a mix  got witness prove so
 she a real bad bitch and she smoke good weed so girl ya cant lose 
 then you have to take a break because you smoked so goddam much you dont get high  
 look at what the weed make ya bitch do
 @harveycash that weed makes you lazy sometimes
 ill buy a bag of weed wit ur allowance
 smoke a lil weed get a lil high
 so what if you dont smoke.... no knowledge   
 all i smoke is scrilla your bitch look like thriller  
 all i smoke is killer yo bitch look like thriller  
 @scattyman13 @pokemondeadguy 95 all my go plus catches include rats  pidgeys  venonat  weedle and caterpie. it catches nothing good
 im at kennys smokehouse in plano  tx  
 did gandhi smoke newports
 @noelxvxo i guess you gotta grab every penny when you sell weed in sidney  ohio noel...its a struggle
 ill smoke you out if you help me clean... anyone  zeromotivation messyhouse fml obb
 all i smoke is killer  yo bitch look like thriller 
 day 2 of cleanse. no weed till 28th  
 all i need is a bad bitch amp buku weed .
 then anthony high ass act like he got down syndrome in cant txt back everytime he smoke
 reasons this is photoshopped. 1. where did that reflection off the smoke come from. 2. it looks photoshopped  3. ja 
 are there smoke breaks in hell
 10 minute breaks are meant for smoking weed
 second hand smoke is a real thing people. 
 all i smoke is killa
 i know showerman in my postcode that will smoke two zoots and go into devilish mode
 how do yall smoke in the cold slowly dying is one thing but freezing is a whole other
 so over this week  i just wanu smoke.... is that bad 
 niggaz buy a  smoke a lil weed amp 4get they a bitch 
 all i smoke is killer yo bitch look like thriller
 im sorry but smoke again has gotta be the best song by chance
 its good and bad that every time i smoke i have the urge to clean 
 just need some1 to smoke and slap some dexter w me @famousdex
 i cant smoke no booboo foofoo
 im bout my scrilla im smoke by on killa
 hopefully its a smokescreen. also  tyrod taylor gross. 
 dude gets 1st and 2nd hand smoke. 
 goro and smoke gtgtgtgtgt 
 wanna smoke a big ass dutch real quick
 just gunna sit here and smoke for the remainder of the day . . 
 all i smoke is killer.. yo bitch look like thriller.
 yeah im a bad bitch n i smoke
 all i smoke is killer   yo bitch look like thriller 
 virion confirmed for serving weed tea 
 lets smoke
 cause awh honey ill smoke ya till im dying
 @c0dyl3wis i think that this weekend u me n someoneeeeeee should hang out n smoke if ya catch my drifttttt
 us siblings discussing about dealing weed in twitter. thats how we roll
 @rogan93 thats cause youre a hoe jk hmu lets smoke lol
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 @jell0 is that.. weed
 @raidersanalysis holy smokes man. well glad youre ok. is there blood tests to catch that type of stuff
 when i smoke i be high denna bitch 
 @jamesfrancotv lets smoke
 he said he smoke loud n fuck bitches  legendary 
 mcconaughey smokes enough weed to think every take he has is hot stuff  is no longer alist and craves ink.
 im ready to smoke and be up under my nigga 
 lmaoooo bitch you was smocking off our weed lmaoo nigga u was dick riding to smoke our shit after we said no 3x and 
 bitch i just smoked the woods cause im from the hood 
 my phone is fucking smoked
 she only fuck with niggas that got wheels and weed heelys and .4 
 can somebody take to get weed and xanz i got gas for you
 i know it might sound bad but sometimes i need a smoke break 
 niggas who sell weed always tryna tell you turn yo music down when you pull up . shut yo ass up and bring me my shit
 dear mom  u should just smoke some of the pots amp chill tf out. sincerely  cales
 when you see more posts of students talking about college and graduation  rather than posting blunts and weed... i renews hope...  all shine
 amer univs arent instit of learning students smoke dope  drink  fornicate  destroy property  injure people in riots amp suck their thumbs
 seeing students post more about college and graduation  rather than posting blunts and weed renews hope in our youth.. all shine.. no clouds
 proud to announce that ted cruz has pledged is unwavering alliance to the hemp party @tedcruz heswithus
 best photo that exists of me and my baby cleo with a darth vader bowl cuz im a fuckin nerd but still love weed lo 
 wondering what hemp stands for hippies endorsing municipal pot. takethehighroad openthemdoors
 proud to announce that ted cruz has pledged his unwavering allegiance to the hemp party @tedcruz heswithus zodiackiller
 all i smoke is killa. yo bxtch look like thriller 
 cases of corona  and my lil marijuana
 i put my weed on yo blunt  i am the sky to yo star
 eh better worker rights and weather makes up for it   oh and weed 
 welp. being out of weed kinda sucks.  good thing tomorrows payday 
 taking a break from the weed
 lets smoke and vibe to willow
 you a laaaaaaaaaaaame .. amp yo bitch break down my weed sometimes
 dont smoke marijuana while pregnant.   
 me and kike have been dying to smoke a joint
 who is down to smoke with me rnbring me nugs
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch @jennavie
 i just registered to visit my representative on feb 8th. texas needs marijuana policy reform. legalizeit 
 all i do is smoke cigarettes  bitch n moan  and work  what am i wtf
 this nigga smoke ugly as hell
 on break with no weed 
 need some smoke and some dick
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 anyone up that i can get weed from plssss
 @wgr550 @jeremywgr romo is just a smoke screen for bills to get tyrod to restructure
 tragic no  ill pass. i love that episode of threes company. instead come over and smoke the real stuff with me 
 look what the weed make your bitch do 
 can i just be @jillvanmeterr  jesus lord shes a smokebomb
 all i smoke is dick
 adrian always fuckin my life up ion smoke dick
 that chick needs some cannabis in her life... @gavinmcinnes 
 bitches and weed.
 not bad i hear there is no weed there ha ha 
 molly  percs  weed
 i like good weed   i like bad bitches that can roll it up 
 per chambersburg borough lawyers medical marijuana growers amp sellers with pa state permits can pick existing neig 
 i suck at flirting with cute girls. like ill find a cig in a bar for you  go outside with you while you smoke it then run away 
 bettee to write fact then fiction i love weed i ill sing about it gives peace
 got n like ah smoke those n these my favorite ol club songz
 can @loudpvck play studio 7 tonight so i can see them and smoke hella with them
 im becoming a weed snob again amp i love it haha
 i cant fuck with broke bitches. match it or smoke me out. gtfo
 all i smoke is killa   yo bih look like thriller
 outside this house i smoke loud and fuck bitches you fuckin nerd
 when your lil baby cuz tries to sell you weed  wtf 
 she a real bad bitch  and she smoke good weed 
 all i smoke is killa your bitch look like thriller
 restart my ps so im boutta go smoke
 so ready to smoke
 @ashpirk 420 we should smoke sometime
 actions speak. dont listen to someones words. they can be just smoke screens. actions  actions actions
 shoutout to my roommates just handing me 5 bags of weed and saying take what you need man
 i be on the phone smokin weed choppin it w clients lol in my slippers cuz i just be chillin
 all i smoke is killer yo bitch look like thriller  i might pull up and serve u a pound on a fourwheeler
 give a bitch some weed and patron  she is guaranteed to get loose.
 @bmbgwes come smoke sum later when we done getting stuff put in 
 @bryandeanwright agreed with you until i listened to @voxdotcom s the weeds how the tea party turned out good for republicans on 10.
 call me heath from now on my alias joker loco taco smoke ganja rocks whis dabs in yo bitch pussy nothing you can do to block 
 im ready to smoke now
 tell magic to pass the weed 
 just trying to finish my homework so i can smoke lol
 all i smoke is loud its gonn blast in yo ear
 all i smoke is killa
 im tryna smokeeeeeeeee  pull up n match 
 hmu for acid  coke  molly  and weed. 
 lets smoke 
 @theills oh did it tho  nigga like i said before if you want real smoke hmu.. you and your side kick bitch khan
 end 1q hempstead girls 11  wahlert 3
 @brockstaa weed is for freshman in highschool
 its that time. better smoke bitch
 all i smoke is killa...yo bitch look like thriller
 @wolfof6thst lets kick it and smoke about it
 end 3q hempstead girls 41  wahlert 33
 paulryanin4words tumbling tumbling dick weed americanpsycho fridayfeeling patrickbateman 
 i smoke crack bitch know yo smells
 finally caught up on client work and holy smokes i can breathe easy again.
 you can also get high on marijuana stocks  heres how  via @thestreet @fieldingfowler @dirkdigglinator
 end 1q wahlert boys 19  hempstead 12
 @djjuggin smoke some dope
 in a baccwood chillin with his smoked ass 
 cat nap before blackberry smoke @ u.s. cellular center 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 halftime wahlert 34  hempstead 30. wahlert hits 7 3s in first half  but hempstead ends 2q on 90 run to close the gap.
 honestly if you bash people for being able to eatsleep better when they smoke weed then wyd
 @thareas8n boy bye my mom dont smoke
 cmon you chicken shit skin that smoke wagon 
 smoke a whole lot a weed pass out with a box of pizza on me 
 end 3q hempstead boys lead wahlert  4644.
 u o e n o that good weed you dont eve blow
 beanpot spite weed @ west village h  @nuadmissions in boston  ma 
 i know in the grand scheme of things this is small   but it really sucks when your smoke alarm is dying and you have 13ft ceilings.
 the face u make when ur weed man doesnt have any bags so u just sitting there with a 8th in yo hand 
 smoke a lil weed but my shit together 
 @roguechocolate cannabis in ca simultaneously becoming big ag while marketing craftheirloomartisan
 man i need a dope ass chick i can kick it and smoke with on the reg
 when your manager finds you a weed connect 
 if you smoke weed then the cops cant smell beer on your breath. highlife dui
 children are dying because they cant get a cannabis treatment. we can do better than this
 @coltingrider no but second hand smoke
 i sit back and smoke my smoke  be thicker than a twitter hoe
 all i smoke is killa  yo bitch look like thrilla
 cody can you get high from second hand weed us... cody because ive only had first had weed 
 @wag lol bitch calm down yo weed man must be late
 ....cuz you cant smoke for free
 felicity smoke just hacked garzas phone...@chrisberto3
 bitch lets fuck so i can smoke again
 boutta smoke some dope 
 yo this weed some good shit
 this bar is smoky as hell and i feel like im getting second hand smoke
 all i smoke is killer...yo bitch look like thriller
 i see @loudpvck got that seattle weed  but lets get seattle hurt @foundationsea w @andreasgobel
 give me weed or give me death
 so is that second hand smoke 
 random but it bothers me to my core that weed is illegal. i would give up drunken nights for legally being able to smoke a bowl amp pass out
 homework alldone now time to smoke
 you finna smoke this wood and sip this henny while we yike with that fat ass of yours or what hoe   vallejo love story
 i got bitches n marijuana
 when you grind up too much weed for a blunt but u end up just using it all cuz thats the life u live.
 i said baby just buy dutches bc u cant smoke for free
 sb0385 new as introduced  excludes from the definition of marijuana a cannabidiol product approved as a prescri... 
 boutta smoke
 as per usual wont know till 30 minutes before time to be there if these shit weeds want to have band practice or not tomorrow 
 i have a sweet and im tempted  to smoke that hoe rn
 wheres the weed at  
 i hope to get smoked before 25
 im boutta smoke this good good amp sleep with my girlfriend   goodnight everyone
 i smoke dope w my left hand thats ur bitch thats my bestfriend
 if you live below ben white you probably got a second offense weed charge on your record
 makeafilmamerican thank you for not voting but its okay if you smoke
 yo where the weed at
 when a bitch is stingy with her weed even if its just shake you know thats a real nasty ugly ass fat bitch
 i dont want yo hoe she just break down my weed sometimes
 i got a cough off second hand smoke wtf
 @bparker3849 paco on twitter...holy smokes
 you smoke it and youre like wheres the rest
 hot boxed the car by myself . sorry for those who got high off second hand smoke.
 it be the main ones telling everyone that their weed sucks that be trippin when you give em real loud
 stand together to spread awareness   offer support and multiply like the cells we seek to destroy  4 months smoke free worldcancerday
 have something to say about medical marijuana rules tuesdays workshop is your chance 
 baby cuz getting smoked. that guy came strapped. 
 should i give up weed
 superbowl prep started saturday morning with a big hunk of pig. smoke a boston before we smoke boston.  riseup 
 i put my weed in yo blunt 
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together 
 i put my weed in yo blunt 
 i put my weed in yo blunt 
 i put my weed in yo blunt 
 @oldlight smoke sometimes and it does help. but its all a process man  you can do it just takes time to get better.
 getcho hoe ass up and smoke 
 suck my nipples while i smoke this blunt 
 all i smoke is killa yo bitch look like thriller
 yeah i can pass the weed but i cant pass the fcat probably playing sleeping cause i aint tryna text back
 why is everyone so over dramatic like ommgggg smoke a dutch relax cool down
 @jacobhanson9 i want your brother to smoke so bad
 @jacobhanson9 i want your brother to smoke so bad
 just smoked a joint and fucked your bitch thats why im laughing
 im just ready to smoke
 we want you in on the action  going fast. call n order  house smoked buffalo wings 5.99 12 doz  11.99 doz  fiv 
 out of weed and patron low im hurting. 
 @wxcrum i can make up some weeds in the office i would like to pull. too bad gerrymandering makes it nearly impossible
 ill smoke a zip all by myself   ill do a hit all by myself  i dont need no frans i can fuck 4 bitches by myself . chitown
 worldcancerday you really shouldnt smoke  miss lane. superman 
 nigga sent kj out with his supreme bag on as if he doesnt put all his weed in there
 blow smoke in your bitch face idgaf
 today this girl tried to pull out a 10 dollar bill out of her pocket and pulled out a huge bag of weed
 lil peep  xxxtentacion and smokepurpp blowing up this year pouya too if he trys to become mainstream
 smoke some weed and shut the fuck up
 dude... did @hotelgaruda not play smoke signals im 99 sure they didnt but cant remember... triggered.
 dude... did @hotelgaruda not play smoke signals last night im 99 sure they didnt but cant remember for sure... triggered.
 ight let me smoke yo shit then 
 listening to pavement covering echo because my saturday weedcoffee balance is at optimal blissful chill
 bill maher accidentally pronounced tomi lahren like toemi and said i have to lay off the weed. i do the same exact thing every time.
 @sousedbergin ugh . pure smoke that stuff.
 who smoke blunts who smokin them papers light them bitches  fuck yo neighbors  juicy j  actual poet
 i put my weed in yo blunt 
 montgomery county man sentenced to 21 years in marijuana trafficking case | ks | doj  
 i suck dick more than i smoke 
 @alxndrblack @thewindsorstar i am guessing i say  2m includes weed
 i put my weed in yo blunt. 
 smoke good weed with bad bitches 
 @lancastercon with a big boy swim in the 50 free smokes a 21.92 to take 2nd and   his  on the roadtostate
 the fact that my boss lets me smoke a blunt on my break makes work so much easier
 that crawfish got me full  now im ready to smoke
 since nobody trynna match ima just smoke this facial and vibe
 ready to smoke so stressed 
 i gt weed. i need a rillo amp my lil baby to pullup.
 ready to be off and smoke
 ay changchang @nefthepharaoh lets hit da studio b4 ths date smoke some pharaohwoodz  n mke some hitrecordz 
 freshmen who smoke stoges are gandons
 youre second hand smoke
 bitches just want to smoke my weed and waste my gas
 lets be proud to live in a country of immigrants. trumps pause was to give time to figure out better vetting to weed out peeps that harm.
 everyones tense  consumed by politics. its important  but its saturday night. pour a glass  put on you really got a hold on me by smokey.
 ready to get off and smoke this dutch
 ain stood outside amp smoked in a good lil min
 @jasonrapert  tell that to this man.. who cant take pharmaceuticals without becoming ill. marijuana has been proven
 yo kids first stop sign in the hood is a bad place to smoke a blunt..thinking about giving them the biz and calling the police.
 let me smoke some weed and meditate on this.
 if you smoke cigarettes outside when its below 0  youre a sting
 when taking a little break from settling yourself into a new city thats known for smoked 
 lets smoke 
 did this bitch really just offer me some weed like this the second time she forgot i was pregnant 
 i just want a phone number to text about my need for marijuana with
 fyi  those 75 gs warriors they spoke so highly of were smoked by 75 aba ky colonels in matchup of league champs. justsayin
 all i smoke is killa yo bitch look like thriller
 livepd asksticks weve seen alot of first 48 out of tulsa have u ever been apart of the first 48 amp why do ppl run with a lil bag of weed
 i have nothing to do but watch madeas christmas amp smoke this loud 
 if yo girl pissing you off go smoke some weed or go chill with your homies but dont ruin yo relationship by hitting up ah temporary bitch
 @newenglandite forty two hundred is the weed number. which is why cannabis addicts will take their dose of cannabis every forty two hours
 @everlylo lmao shit i guess so  too bad we cant smoke one more time together before you get clean 
 y u smoke so much mid bitch
 bitch im looking good and i smell lik a pound of weed
 all i smoke i thriller yo bitch look like thriller 
 black thoughts n marijuana
 my sex better than weed mixed with molly girl
 raymond is trying to kill godzilla with second hand smoke. latesvengoolie
 doesnt michael che know to smoke after appearing on live tv snl weekendupdatefail
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 no feeling like u cant breathe and its a better high smoking weed than cough syrup.but sometimes i see pure beauty closing my eyes on it.
 how much of pete davidsons weed did the snl cast smoke tonight  anyway  its working.
 nigga gotta bad headache nun a lil weed cant fix 
 he the reason i smoke bitch be having me ready to stomp his mfn face in
 @basketofawesome @motherjones lt only little unrudly children get excited about stuff like this. all a loser needs tho... weed pills amp snl.
 it not a bad idea to also slowly smoke some fat @grillinghowtos
 not being able to smoke and being around people that smoke 247 is so hard...
 cant wait to perform at this smoke fest.. ages 18  @fitztaylor headlining ... in the dino i 
 cant wait to perform at this smoke fest.. ages 18  @fitztaylor headlining ... in the dino i 
 ready to get off n smokeeee 
 @jammbi101 @ricebubblegum @warriors   nah..im smoking weed and laughing at all you losers..keep going jerkoff.
 lets take a smoke break masterkush yessir me likey  420 weedporn weedhead loud 
 ernie stop coming at kayla.. didnt you suck dick for weed and get kicked out your house and complained about it to everyone
 aint even gonn stay up bullshittin imma smoke this facial amp call it a night .
 how you fuckin the plug but still payin for weed  you bitches nuts
 wheres the weed man at help a girl
 that frustration when you wamma smoke but have no weed 
 @adro254 ill smoke witcha
 lets smoke some weed
 someone better blood test @feliceherrig cuz she just smoked grasso.
 they said skin routine and she said no just weed and dick lmaoooo
 went and saw carly at 2 am just to have a smoke cause i missed her sm 
 sings a bag of weed. a bag of weed. everything is better with a bag of weed
 i aint got no weed   she better smoke this dick  @dopebizzle 
 can i like smoke till i choke 
 blow weed smoke in my face again u trick ass bitch i dare you @lariderr
 wont pass the weed but ill pass a bitch.
 wont pass the weed but ill pass a bitch.
 @weirdaszgirl lets smoke
 these bitches do anything for a lil coke and weed
 come home tell my girl i love her then smoke to i pass out 
 roll me up and smoke me cause i feel like dying..
 @capricavanni  wow sweetie smoken hot body
 about to hit this with some apple smoke for 10 hours cookshack porkbutt pulledpork @ redwood 
 insomnia  my weed thats the only thing that gives me the munchies is not being able to 
 all i smoke is killa.
 harry potter is real politics  voldemort is my dad who left me  snape is amy schumer who ruined videogames  dumbledore is my weed man
 holy smokes what a pass. 
 where tht smoke at
 @lezylegs hes too cool to smoke i bet he has whatever it is they have him on main lines into his bloodstream
 @stra8coolin  all i smoke is dutches 
 art work done by smokeydesignzatx  very good stuff  nowspinning vinyl record mymusic 
 bye weed 
 nothing breaks my heart more then running out of weed 
 i just wanna smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 @davemauromx actual footage of what these kids smoke 
 all i smoke is killer yo bitch look like thriller 
 lol im trynna smoke a roach and my nails a lil too long to grip it but me being me still trynna hit it  burning my lip and hand
 when i feel a lil anxiety coming around i just smoke more weed
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together.
 my house is definition of lean amp weed addiction ..
 a bitch will feed you lies till smoke blow out they assbut guess what i smelled yo lying ass from beginning
  let it smoke  let it smoke   hit the blunt till its a roachhhhhhh. let it smoke   let it smoke  till you cant hold it in anymoreeee 
 pass that weed  like i studied
 till im up up ill smoke again
 about to grill   drink  amp smoke good who trina pull up  dm me
 about to grill   drink  amp smoke good who trina pull up  dm me
 dad which marijuana stock should i invest in
 boutta smoke some dope just to see me smile
 better go smoke that dick you gone shake back 
 you smoke dick... 
 finna go live with me and benji smoke sesh for a lil
 my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction
 someone sell ya girl weed last second.
 wake up. smoke. hit a bad bitch then we link up.
 get ran for weed or suck dick for cocaine what yall doing 
 just had convo with my bubbie about cannabis. told her i smoke. didnt think i would ever have that convo in life @portlandpot @high5tours
 @joshcable12 happy bday bro no one else id rather get smoked in the 800 by  hope its been a good one.. cant wait for track 
 it happens on tour  got offered cocaine and plenty of weed 
 if migos doesnt perform st halftime then its a smoke break
 ready for kickoff... riseup nattyice @ patricks smokehouse amp beer 
 @adamruebenbeach became my celebrity crush immediately after i watched smoke signals
 kid cannabis.. i think thats the name 
 hope you corrected her and said you only smoke that gas  
 to much of bad vibes in this house. i need to smoke a fuckin blunt
 lets smoke a legarret
 come to cuz crib rt @blessthechild patriots getting smoked fuck them lmaooo
 taking a smoke break lmao she tweaking
 jussss scooped me weed and a pizza but im missing a 40
 in chicago as soon as you die  mfers turn yo name into a bag of weed smokin on that  pack smh 
 patriots need to pull out the thermal lmgs with smokes
 this beat deserves hennessey   a bad bitch   amp a bag of weed the holy trinity
 its all that and a bag of weed
 its all that and a bag of weed
 martha stewart and marijuana puns
 a bag of weed lol
 ready to smoke a super bowl  brothers 
 this is like chewing on a weed indeed.  very herbal  sucks a bit but ... hemp valley beer  photo
 have you ever had a job so stressful that you cry during your smoke breaks and have mini mental breakdowns  cuz same lol
 not like im just some super pothead  i cut back a lot. but sometimes i need to smoke   especially hanging around close to 40 crowd
 filled with marijuana laughing
 lets smoke
 boutta smoke my last joint to the end of the game
 someone smoke me up plssss
 i cant get a smoke break...  
 @braxblue2 you smoking dick ya dick smoker
 walking to bye weed an pizza
 seattlefree traeger smoker and bbq seattle includes new hot rod replacement. takes two people to move from 2nd 
 cant stand when all a bitch do is smoke dope and stay on twitter
 a lil smoke sesh by myself 
 @capricavanni dam you look smoken hot sweetie
 having no weed sucks 
 i just bought a 8th of weed lets hope it last me until tuesday
 hope this wasnt for me . if you and money youll be able to buy your own weed 
 americaonstrike come smoke a bowl with me we have good weed out here  brother but fuckthecorporations youre 
 @thatgirlrose13 @nicoleserna9 lmao i dnt smoke
 i got like 2 eyes amp 1 smoke amp they all ugly 
 all i smoke is killa  
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 lets smoke
 i love dick  ass  britney spears and weed
 this aint no weed  im tooo high
 na foreal though im fuccin my future chic in a fur coat while next to a fire place with the smell of sweet sweet ganja
 they were like  oooh  ouch  then weed.
 i need a bitch whos down to smoke and link up 247
 @sarahksilverman a snowball in hell has a better chance than bernie sanders in office. put down the weed before theres an intervention.
 on another note  she cant hit my dope  so i told that lil hoe smoke my dick aye
 i needa weedman that dnt sleep 
 twitters a bitch hate the weed or get hi with meeeeeeee for freeeeeeeee hmu ellendegeneres canadahasfuckedlaws 
 whenever i smoke my dab pen in traffic ppl prolly think im dying from vaping so i pretty much just look like one big dbag 
 my sex better than weed mixed with molly girlllll 
 dear lady on the freeway  if you cant drive and smoke your cigarette then you probably shouldnt be on the road
 @potus is algora financial llc. selling this advertising. second wave of marijuana wealth has already begun video. end end end it now now
 i haye smokers i hope stop smoking over the baby its a boy.
 i just got this in cool girl 1st photo  rightmost color and let me tell you  i smoke a lot of cigarettes and th 
 all i smoke is killa 
 @cannatweets mjna cbs new york features medical marijuana  inc. investment aximr biotechs flagship cbd chewing gum  ibs clinical trial
 fakenews is the second hand smoke of the internet
 @mares12 well i hope you smoked together lol
 anything about hoes a lick or weed niggas responding rapido
 its freezing in here lukasandolivia @ mables smokehouse 
 @pattonoswalt like dexter had a one night stand with weeds and santa clarita was their love child.it pleases me that timothy o is loyal.
 cool smokestack across from our lunchspot 
 im im im liiiit  my weed is good my wallet thiiiccccc hoes give me vagina quiiiick
 you smoke by the ounce  bitch i smoke by the pound
 i wanna smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 someone should put some weed in my dutch tf
 all i smoke is killa
 all i smoke is killa yo bish look like thrilla
 all i smoke is killa... yo bitch look like thriller 
 action bronson smokes weed and tastes food from around the world. hes livin the life
 grr i hate when lynzee rushes my smoke breaks
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 my bitch gotta have her own weed ion give af how bad you is by h
 when you pull up to the function and you smell weed and hear migos. 
 time to smoke n marinate
 on godforget to tie yo shoes its because of weed 
 my4wordhangover wheres the weed at 
 all we smoke is killa yo bitch look like thriller
 istg bitches only link you when you ask wassup with the weed 
 smoke good weed till my face go numb
 nothin better than a bad bitch that smoke weed
 all i smoke is killa. yo bitch look like thrilla.  @youngdolph
 bitches use nigga for smoke outs everyday but cant get clean panties smh
 @lostandlovinit kac said she misspoke amp msm is wearied by the battles that result in footinmouthsyndrome  the culture war is in the weeds
 can smoke  use cell phones  blow your nose while working  but a puertorico police officer cant pray. let them pray @ricardorossello
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 where yo money at we gon smoke a hunnit sacc  shootin up yo blocc switch cars then we double bacc...
 my new name is produced by a big ass bag of weed
 listen hoe  i know all you bitches want is liquor  smoke.
 this doode next to me smell like a bag a weed
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch.
 @sensanders i pay the man that pulls my weeds 20 per hour. anybody thats willing to work and get their hands dirty can make that kind of 
 time for a smoke break
 this bitch does not wanna start shit w me  ill tell your daddy how big of a hoe you are amp how youre smoking weed when hes gone 
 i love dick and weed
 10 12 stinger worms color smoke  10 per bag for 5.50 dcblures @ duanes custom baits 
 smoking weed and sucking dick she said she into that. 
 they want us to have a smoke break 
 i just said out loud no marijuana amp my mum said huh oh  wait. i thought you said mumma  i wana 
 10min break  smoke break.
 this is why i didnt smoke with the bitch lol  
 @whitneycummings taught 2 girls how not to be broke  so bad ass she showed snoop dogg how to smoke and helped kevin 
 i hope my weed aint to loud to hear the snakes hisss 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 god i hope i still have some weed at home postworkoutritual
 im having a big ass smoke session at my house on wednesday
 shoot. lets smoke.
 im ready to smoke my joint amp call it a night. for tommorrow ..
 honey ill smoke you till im dying
 niggas be like  i only smoke fat dutches 
 someone pull up and smoke with me.
 if your weed crumbles when you break it down . its some bs. 
 10 12 stinger worms  color smokin purple. yes they are on top of the smoke stinger worms 
 mosquitos and cockroaches in new orleans  will hope in the whip to smoke the blunt 
 yo my dad just popped out with a big bag of weed 
 uber driver told me sometimes people tip him with weed. are you trying to get me 2 give you weed cuz im the last person who would have some
 all aboard the weed band wagon fuck u government officials hope yall die
 yo give me the pen continues to smoke weed in the restaurant
 i all smoke is killa and yo bitch look like thrilleryalldontlookfamiliar
 lets stay up late amp smoke a j
 another day has passed... why you fuckin with my emotions smokey  @drake
 smoking good weed w a bad bitch
 first night not smoke in a while   im dying  ... sucks its come to this
 fuck is it bad that i am dying to smoke cause its been 5 days since i last smoked....
 i wouldnt smoke no female out unless i been fucked her already...thats cause i know she high as hell and horny and finna suck this dick
 every monday amp wednesday miranda  kennedy amp i smoke hella fat between classes bc our breaks r @ the same time  its dope af
 bouta go on a walk and smoke solo per usual
 @asukager exhales smoke out of both my mouth and nostrils approvingly
 its just weed  if she dont got a blunt in her hand  pass it
 my smoke be thicker than a twitter hoe
 and like a fein for the weed ill tweak
 brb  suffocating from second hand smoke
 when you inject too many marijuanas 
 @virtuosobob apparently they have good weed in seattle and youve missed this whole immigrationvetting debate.
 lil peep  smokepurp  hoodrich pablo jaun these niggas sound like facebook names 
 @yaboymoondog slowly dying but im tryna get this union job so i cant really smoke
 all i need now is for chance to put out a smoke break video and its lit 
 smoke good weed with a bad bxtch 
 can i bum a newport you shouldnt smoke newports they suck but yea heres a newport thanks brombhs 
 only reason nyas mom isnt my bestfriend is because she smokes reggie 
 im boutta tell kirstyn pull up i wanna smoke wit her 
 i let one my ncat followers smoke some real greensboro gas n she said it caught her off guard lol  
 i am the number one fan of smoke break by chance n future lol
 @griffpope im fat  i smoke  i dont excercise and no one will have sex with me....cries uncontrollably takes bite out of tenderloin
 bitch i smoke gas i get hella high
 yall be smoking weed while pregnant and then wonder why your baby got black lips
 i need a bitch to roll ma weed 
 @cpala whatd ya smoke a fat one with dom then checked out
 dont pass me no regular   ill turn it down  all i smoke is loud 
 @dublinhempco a beacon will always shine brightest in the dark before dawn soon world will awake 2 see what we have seen cannabiswellness
 i hope i have enough time to smoke again
 hello homeland   9 reasons israel is the capital of cannabis research | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 smokin good weed with a bad bitch...
 i take smoke breaks.  i dont smoke 
 tell em youre taking a smoke break. 
 @tortilla  @canit12 this was me when laughing at steph drop bag of chips when we smoked lol 
 today will consist of good food  good weed  stranger things  amp good vibes
 sorry  but revving your engine amp blowing smoke in my direction will not impress me  neither will your high class white trash bumper sticker.
 @knappst3r hazel  smoked and stacked  and buttercream bake shop are all good stops in shaw. bluejacket for great brewpub.
 is it bad that i googled if i can still smoke weed when im pregnant
 im just tryna smoke a thoint without dying
 repairing your smoke chamber with the proper materials improves airflow  safety and overall performance of your fir 
 you cant blame an applicant from those regions for getting accepted over sally who cut math to smoke in the park and suck dick.
 @jasmincoronado lets smoke
 @jasmincoronado na bitch i hyu saying lets smoke so you can fire me up
 @teamcombover16 hopefully pawlenty comes out of retirement and smokes this hack next election. mn is trending red.
 2017 xxl freshman lil pump amp smokepurpp  warhol.ss  lil peep  lucki  jay storm
 i want a milkshake n peesa n 2 smoke a cig
 im dying in this math class get me out of here i need to smoke a bowl i feel so bad
 lil peep n smokepurpp for xxl this yr
 @bdgallof julien or hitchcock really are possibilities for isles is there smoke or just hope  or lack thereof
 need bad bitchesss to smoke withhh
 sometimes ya just need a smoke. @ american museum of natural history 
 lmaoo hell nawl yo weed man skimped yo ass  
 good smoke and a smile 
 call the weedman. @jeezy
 centre for addiction amp mental health legalization of marijuana model as presented by addictions doctor tony george 
 lets smoke
 puff puff..... nor cal can you hear me @ cannabis buyers club of berkeley in berkeley  ca 
 i give up my weed hobbits
 i just wanna smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 im tryna smoke till i pass tf out  
 yo what did he smoke  
 waiting on the weedman .. he pull up and come in 
 @supercised @repmarktakano i know but sometimes getting down in the weeds wthem within reason can b slightly gratifying. lets live a lil
 my big fat greek weeding  kcapinoystar nadinelustre
 you ever smoke a cigarette while chewing nicotine gum
 all i smoke is killer yo bitch look like thriller
 if she smoke black and milds shell kick yo ass 
 ugly god  madeintyo  dolph  m.a.  6lack  nba  carti  smoke purp  robb banks  don q 
 @troyholder @therealjmachado @toddstanley316 two smoke folife twosmokeswillgetyouhome
 all i do is take bars and smoke and cry
 @viddywel2 phone call away but im not sharing my weed.
 when you been in a bad mood a travey pulls up to smoke with you like a good friend 
 when you been in a bad mad for the last few days and travey pulls up to smoke your problems away 
 @lazlothebuzz live smoke break was fun
 all i smoke is killa 
 all i smoke is killa  
 @sanglucci generally speaking  metallica and weed do go hand in hand
 lil cuz  how many more days u got till u goto court me  shit march 13th cuz  march nigga u can still smoke then...roll up me  smh 
 ima about to smoke and give a lil mini tour of our shop on my instagram live  tune in
 i finna hermit it up smoke a lil and watch the santa clarita diet
 i finna hermit it up smoke a lil and watch the santa clarita diet
 me and mama nae havin a smoke break together 
 some1 come smoke  wme
 just got stacked up on edibles and weed to take this stress off my ass 
 bihh im finna take this shit  smoke n hit da sheets
 niggas smoke a lil weed get a lil glock amp think they big meech
 @tiouririne @dmataconis @popehat sometimes lawyers pause breathe amp count to 10 to avoid screaming did you smoke a bowl b4 we started
 i need weed my piercing is hurting
 this bitch amanda really said she put aside her nursing degree to work at a weed dispensary. you cant write this show.
 all i smoke is killa  yo bih look like thriller
 these lu boys get a gun n a lil bit of weed amp swear they sumbody 
 vrs..stressed out somebody pass me the bazookaaka the hookah im a stonersites set on californianeed that good marijuanabitches n a sauna
 not doing my homework so might as well smoke maybe itll give me some motivation
 all i smoke is killa | yo bitch look like thrilla
 @senmarkey and the sob just hates weed for some idiot reason 
 i need me a lil bitty i can smoke and watch movies with all night 
 maybe they both had smoke break with pocahontas n lite up some wackytabacky... 
 dude i was crying. what drugs are you testing for um marijuana  it was so awkward 
 so im chillaxing on the spa deck and out pops this puff of smoke 
 yo wtfdid he just smoke 
 niggas who smoke nun but joints thing they shit dnt stink n they too good
 eh   what do ya say bud smoke a dart  do a dab
 its only weed cuz . 
 i really hope i get this job at the smoke shop right off campus
 @sansaxswift @amosjheller reminds me when taylor swift 1989 smoked minute maid park withherpyroandrockedthe place i remember @taylorswift13
 got acid weed molly and coke hmu hoes
 @mikaylabastian just let the weed kick in
 literally crying over weed..
 i just might be obsessed with this violet flame kinda smoke. . wheres the mirror  
 all i smoke is killer  yo bitch look like thriller
 just tryna smoke weed with a bad bitch
 i told my mama ampamp girl she was like the hell they are   you pregnant what you finna smoke  @xprettydess
 i played a chick in 1 on 1 and she smoked me like 102.... then she tells me shes on scholarship for the baylor womens bball team smfh
 in honor of my best friend i smoke white gummy and mint 
 @cnnbrk its the smart move.. to smash an entire football team with 2nd hand dope smoke.. and then call the cops and use 911  hes dying
 @cnnbrk the 2nd hand smoke is the killer.. it removes 2 full months from ones life of freedom of fear.. as it remains in the bloodstream
 this bitch just said i owe her a pound of weed
 ehh dandelions stand prouder than these republican weeds 
 i hope you smoked that shit 
 .@trevornoah for real those white haters needed to stfu. they just mad cuz your talent smoked those lame dudes. youlaughbutitstrue bhm
 love being able to smoke marijuana freely in vegas 
 this shit sounds smoke purpp as fuck
 terrence is ugly and has poop weed
 im not saying kid cannabis is inspirational  but im inspired.
 @whitneycummings taught 2 girls how not to be broke  so bad ass she showed snoop dogg how to smoke and helped kevin 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 @swankydior yea yo ass aint turning down no good weed
 i smoke tooo much 
 free healthcare  weed is legal  amp they cant kick you out yo house in the winter
 wheres the 24hour weed man
 you bitches are no fun lol smoke break
 @oldhippieent cannabis by the people  cannabis for the people    go away  big pharma          peace  nugs n hu 
 i ducked his bitch she liked to smoke  ya dumb bitch you gotta go
 i fucked his bitch she liked to smoke ya dumb bitch you gotta go
 @ebereee  dont mind the look i love the look.  hot hot  smoken hot
 im a fuckin marijuana officianado
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 act tough lil bitch treat yo ass like the dope get smoked lil bitch 
 so wheres the good smoke
 the marijuana loud so them hoes follow like twitter
 in north carolina with no weed . life is a bitch till im back in detroit lol
 @weedmanhippy @peteinpitt @benmaller @dannygradio @eddieonfox @hdog317  @realjohngii thanx weedman hippster hippy@anlovd u my brother
 boston has better weed than jerseys  hands down  
 @livgoodenough shut up hoe you dont even do weed
 frosted weeds on peirce island in portsmouthnh following last nights freezing rain. nhwx photography 
 this hoe stole my credit card and bought a bunch of weed. ima find you and my weed ya bitch
 im not myself till i smoke......
 i hate a bitch who literally waste weed. bitch inhale for .2 seconds then blow the shit out.
 @lindsayguentzel @jonapplebaummn @derushaj @wccoradio lets pass sunday alcohol sales first and then we can talk about weed.
 bitches smoke a lil weed amp think they full blown stoners bitch go sit how u smoke like tht ass dwn 
 youre an idiot if you pull out your loud ass weed in the middle on class
 shoddy craftsmanship. also  cartel brick weed is gross 
 @mattshoe22 its all good hoffman said its 95 clean so were good even if someone gets smoked by the ceiling
 love when freshman pretend to smoke their fries
 under eye bags weed
 two dudes in my class talking about weed during our break. bye
 hope everyone is having a good morning  if not smoke a muh fuckn dicc  
 dars my favourite chick to hangout with cause whenever were together we just smoke joints  drink herbal teas amp vibe with each other
 getting 2nd degree smoke but its all good 
 but i cant smoke like i use too  ill prob start coughing like a little bitch
 lol how long does it take to stuff limes with 3 900 pounds of weed wemayneverknow @canabuzznews @hightimesmag 
 when on off that weed i be swearing im a comedian bc erybody just be laughing 
 @noscience4war @leftistrebel yeah  i smoke weed with him and lick his bowl.
 bitches be looking smoked the fuck out lol tf my mama damn near 40 and look younger than a lot of bitches
 granny ive got good news amp bad.  bad news is your bb girls a weed head the good news is shes not hooked on opiatesnot here to pawn stuff
 sean spicer  you need weed in your life. youre too high strung.
 my history of rock n roll teacher told us if we dont hallucinate off of weed we have shit weed
 second hand smoke or second hand feelings  @sierraelexis
 ugly god  famous dex  madeintyo  x  lil peep  lil pump  carti  nav  6lack  smokepurpp 
 and my fuckin weed 
 so people with friends they automatically get that stuff people who dont smoke marijuana automatically get that stuff yeshua
 no stunt  i like to smoke blunts and while having a deep convo.
 when all u can do is smoke your weed amp cry
 ready to smoke 
 im ready to smoke again 
 im chewing this weed gum and i feel nothing
 why grandma  what a big mouth you have. the better to smoke cigars with  my dear 
 its almost like for a second i lost sight of the things that are important to menot talking about weedbut my values  things i stand for.
 my favorite connect was a dyke. i didnt understand you had to put up for free weed tho so she kicked me out of her apartment freshman year.
 boutta smoke a fat ass facial after group
 @zcsfk zach i hope u get feelin better im an ex smack addict amp have been clean for few years thanks2 suboxone and weed. yr music helped me
 democrats do not allow trump 2 blow smoke up your asses  anloseyourmajority republicans voted 4 other republicans  not fake ones
 to smoke on my day off or to do my homework 
 kick off february with weedbunnys bunny hunny this wax wednesday     this product has 
 we the highest  and my weed keep me the calmest.
 smoke good weed wit a bad bitch
 @pauljmas theres no smoke without fire.... and theres plenty of smoke
 smoking weed while getting fire head call that knowledge
 disney n alex smoke blacks sht disgusting 
 i smoce faat woods everyday i dont need no nigga nor no bitch to smoke me if we smocin together its cuz i want to not cuz i need to
 ill smoke a nigga like a newport 
 the latest shipment of @461churchstreet cannabis culture medtainers in pride colours @ cannabis 
 the latest arrivals of our @461churchstreet cannabis culture medtainers lgbtq pride  and 
 if you dont bump that hood shit while we hot box i cant smoke with youuu
 that weed is so good it sticks to my hands
 @therealdaddyaly smoke smoke pass
 @berniesanders help vermonters house judiciary pass cannabis reform tomorrow then... 
 my weed man pull up to my crib like a short bus
 ill pull up on you if you smoke chi amp thats on chi bitch chichiworld
 i study   do homework   sometimes cook   nap  smoke   work and watch movies...  my life.
 @heatdeath weed is better
 shit. break that bih down. roll it up. n smoke it  
 i bought a pound just so i can smoke your bitch out
 @bestrdsp @bipolitics she on war path but first smoke the whacky weed.
 sportcenter the 6 looks like an snl skit  but theyre serious. may as well get smokey and ezell to host. @bobbyofhomewood
 i miss being able to smoke 
 @jenmgardens sorry i missed this. 2nd grade how about a weed is a flower abt gw carver
 im so ready to smoke a fatty
 your bitch break down my weed sometimes
 @hausmuva i know everything sucks but i will cackle after sessions rips up the weed cards of all the whites who tho 
 i only smoke game dutch amp backwoods them other gars nasty to me.
  catch yo girl doing the 100  amp 200 while getting smoked at next thursday track meet 
 the weed aint the bad thing. its what you smoke it out of. get papers and smoke ya lil pregnant life away baby 
 sometimes i have to smoke away my attitude  ya feel
 who tryna smoke wme 
 youre second hand smoke.
 other bitches smoke  but they dont smoke like us  @sarmixson @cheyenneyates
 close to nothing  other than beanz weed n cats  makes me as happy as tv
 not being able to smoke till may juss to get a restricted license 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch.
 someone smoke me out n buy me flowers
 getting smoke in your eye sucks 
 im good at smoking my weedand ignoring these bitches
 seriously so ready to smoke 
 ay yo  we smoke that dro til we  idk
 i only smoke that turbo cuz
 @asnelut lets smoke this 
 @helloimastrid i busted out laughing amp she goes astrid have you been smoking weed
 sometimes i stress and taste the weed..
 i have no weed this sucks
 @bttmgband @bcwinbig smoke another bowl  hippie.
 @taylorswift13 smoking. i dont smoke love. you worry a lot about me i love you so much four that. mwah. let go look it all up  ki55. how
 the ignorance...   repost @fieldshg with @repostapp  take a chance  weed be good together 
 where the weeds better 
 was literally finna cry cuz i needed 2 smoke n couldnt find a lighter 
 melodime rockboat @ skippers smokehouse 
 dick an weed would be better.
 all i needs a fat bag of weed
 dont drink n drive  smoke n fly
 @timsmith2000 interesting talk feb72017 by camh addictions physician on good  bad of marijuana legalization watch 
 @cacpaccp interesting talk feb72017 by camh addictions physician on good  bad of marijuana legalization watch 
 cant wait to perform at this smoke fest.. ages 18  @fitztaylor headlining ... in the dino i 
 tell her pull her weed and tits out
 weed taste so good i cant pass it when i die smoke my ashes.
 your mce smokes to look cool
 snowed in with cable  food  your bestfriend n weed gtgtgtgt
 im just trying to smoke  take some nyquil and pass tf out.
 where the fuck you getting weed for 80 an ounce hook me up. 
 all facials  day smoke blunts to the face dont pass me sht 
 @sosaalejando okay bye smoke 
 sad weed wednesday got cancelled
 @stayinginclouds get that shitter ass weed off my tl
 finna smoke and catch som majorrrr sleep
 i smokegrass bloody cuz i woopass makeyourownlane metalgearsolid raiden mortalkombat singleart artbasel 
 you can inject marijuana
 i need a connect for marijuana
 i need a connect for marijuana
 juke jam and smoke break by chance always put me in the best mood
 sad thing about weed for me is that ill meet someone cause of weed but theyll tell me theyre name and ill forget . . . cause of the weed
 all hell wil break loose  leave  cry amp smoke smh 
 lets smoke 
 bitchstolemy weed. not my shitty oregano weed. the good stuff. the one with the purple hairs. fucking hoe.
 all i do is smoke weed im covered in double gz ... gg lil cuh 
 dont be a dick smoker like a chooooooookerrrrrrrrrr. 
 srs wheres the weed
 cant impress her with money amp weed when she got her own 
 this is the other big smoke  photography noir 2017 @ toronto  ontario 
 i visit him on his smoke break
 im so down rn amp all i want is for @madders11 to give me her signature it gets better  pal amp for @kieransimone13 to say lets go smoke.
 if she got chest tats  she smokes black n milds
 somebody teach me how to smoke. i need to be less tense  and always ready to max out
 bitch smoke that hoe with me in mind too  
 @donaldglover redbone acapella w the intro amp outdo of smoke break @maxokream  is pure  cant wait for yall to hear
 the best thing in the morning weed an some good ass head 
 break down weed dont break down hearts
 let the people vote end cannabis prohibition now 
 put my feet up  smoke reefah
 whats a real niggas addiction  money  weed  and bitches. hanging with snitches  shit it wasnt my intention.
 i want a guy thats hood but cleans up nice when in public  tatts  loves sex  independent  smokes  nd one that can control my reckless mouth
 @grampysmokeswd seen it 1st hand at a care givers meeting in mass. another reason to be amazed with this plant. cannabiswellness
 aint shit to do in statesboro but smoke  party  n fuckin other niggas bitches 
 i smoke till i choke till i get busted 
 @brithume decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same 
 its so easy to lose hope so we smoke this weed to cope
 @govmikehuckabee decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us do the same 
 crux cigars  tobaccogalore nowsmokeing trying it out who has smoked a crux @ tobacco 
 just imagine how bad 2 tons of marijuana smells. you cant get away with that 
 omg i smoked with danielle yesterday i hope that baby dont b looking ugly cause i forgot 
 i only own marijuana stocks nowadays .. 
 ya girl smokes way too much but thats okay bc im taking a little break starting monday
 should you smoke weed while youre pregnant
 i need my mom to come visit so she can pull all my weeds again.
 bitches be pregnant af but still smoke weed 
 hoes getting xd out and we on ganja 
 @leewayrocks69 lolol im all for smoking weed but theres no way that the baby doesnt take in chemicals when you do idk
 @brandonscooper @yanivbrandvain had to look for hermies in 150 hemp plants while 8 months pregnant..... hard to breathe amp uncomfortable..
 i would love weekly drug testing for representatives amp senators. i know two government officials in wisconsin who smoke weed. draintheswap
 bdog2017 raising the first smokefree and cleanairwise generation... so we all breathe easier 
 my smoke b thicker den a twitter hoe
 as long as i have my weed and my phone . im good
 bitch yo pockets a joke amp my block give you smoke
 you can weed plenty of idiots out of your life by saying big dukeunc game tonight and see how they respond.
 my smoke break needs a smoke break 
 put the weed in the bag first
 bmw smoke vlog  
 kc really stole weed from me while im on my period like a nigga sleep late bc u bleedin 2 death n they catch u slippin n take a nug
 high as hell  bitch i smoke on a cliff
 she smoke black n milds. she steal 
 on my lunch break about to smoke
 @caitlinlohse @cloudn9nesyrup too bad i cant smoke 
 @caitlinlohse @cloudn9nesyrup too bad i cant smoke 
 lets talk politics and smoke weed till our lungs collapse
 i ate my bestfriend because i love marijuana 
 bitch  is ya smokin reefer
 the mens restroom in hertzer reeks of marijuana  so if youre in need of a good contact high  get it while its hot  keepitclassytu
 she say she dont smoke or suck dick. thats two lies.
 1. free willed 2. big ass 3. funny af 4. smokes weed 5. big ass 6. cute smile  7. chillll  the perfect recipe for a valentines day.
 never seen a bitch so ampted that they smoke   like congrats bitch u want a cookie 
 whos tryna smoke n get some ramen bitch
 wheres gata i need sum weed 
 @dailycaller killer fungus could be lurking in your weed   good
 who stay in brawley or heritage and tryna let me have a session 20 people max. well smoke you out 
 sometimes i be stressing so bad till i put so much weed in that gar
 i smoke the kind of stuff that make the records go number one
 dutch after dutch i blow plenty smoke
 i cannot wait to pull up to my dads  so i can shower  smoke a couple blunts w my brother n take my ass to schleeeeep
 had to take a smoke break so i could watch tuesdays newest episode of @taboofx 
 obviously  they dont smoke  just check dlopez cigars rolling. 
 @alluredee xfl wrs would give him smoke
 i just want a girl i can smoke blunts  makeout in museums  and listen to jodeci with lord
 this little break from weed been cute and all but......
 awww the serenity a smoke break brings i luh you nikki 
 my gal got a free weed pass with me.
 @gabbbfanelli come over and ill smoke youre cig
 @gabbbfanelli come over and ill smoke your cig
 burnt end and a moonshine arnold palmer makes the trauma of having my stitches out @ bone daddys house of smoke 
 pure smoke screen. those countries have not had a single terrorist originate in them that has attacked the us. its 
 so...youre a closet nazi  go play with your drones. i love the tribe. but hope you get smoked like you did in the 
 @brandonblues @nobenfre @briansomething smoke some dank but yo shitlaced
 if you smoke a whole hookah to yourself you is nastyyyy yo
 i promise ill smoke chronic till the day that i die
 niggas smoke a lil weed   hold a gun for a couple minutes and forget they a bitch 
 the police pull me over like its weed on my lip
 whos good at smoking oh meeeee not weed kay oh nvm cant help you there
 what are the best cannabis strains for meditation | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
  bitch youre such a stranger  you hit me up for this shit but not to smoke bye lol all love
 @kylecollinns youre always tweeting like a bitch god damn be a man grow a set chug some jos fuck a bitch smoke some crack
 if your snap stories consist of  203 seconds of you smoking weed you a lame 
 live yo life have yo fun smoke like i dont give af
 fascinating. this is some real deep weeds stuff.  
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch.
 give me one bad fact about marijuana  one 
 grab a bag  jus to smoke and sell to yo buddys 
 can i have some of that shut you smoke @billwalton 
 you are second hand smoke. you are so fragile and thin.
 class  work  library  smoke. i been in a good lil groove of thangs lately 
 bitch call me broke...shid bills paid  i smoke great and ride clean oh well.
 whos tryna kick n it smoke
 get us some weed n some showz we aint riden n no ragely limoz
 i love how my sociology professor incorporates bboy culture  kpop  and weed into his lessons lmao
 legalizeit marijuana mmj 9 reasons israel is the cap. of cannabis research | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 my anxiety is so high and im out of weed and this is truly a tragedy.
 all i smoke is killa  yo bitch look like thriller
 hoes gettin  out and we on ganja 
 fridays vault ronnie bertino in plan bs second hand smoke  1994  
 on lunch breaks all i do is go take a break of life and smoke
 girls be so used to fuckin the weed man  
 you let it smoke a black and it died 
 @ontsecguy @ruthrogul @ctvtoronto hundred police run to close weed store  afraid to stand up to  real bullies we expect them to b firmer
 .... sometimes i post weed related stuff but only my friends can see my story so i havent added her back. hope she doesnt bring it up lol
 spring keeps you everglow  you are second hand smoke  youre so fragile amp thin  setting trial for your sings
 yo mcm be like i only smoke fat blunts 
 the max black history bus stopped to visit the students at hemphill elementary today 
 that big bad wolf smoking commercial is dumb. if head the breath hed destroy property and kill pigs. thank god he smoked
 all i smoke is killa  yo bitch look like thriller
 ill smoke the mid in yo face
 bitch ill be damned if adele beats justinbey and if the second hand smokers beat chance
 come join us at commonwealth on wednesday  february 22nd at 7pm for culture amp cannabis 
 friday time to turn up. too bad i dont smoke no more
 ya wcw suck dick for weed and swear that boof she got is loud
 why do girls think its okay to smoke while being pregnant  let me see you do it in front of me and ill shove it down your throat. 
 lets smoke 
 just a bad bitch to smoke weed with   
 and my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addictions
 and the same thing with her. she is sucking dick for a 2.5 bag of weed  while youre at work daydreaming bout the day you have planned.
 cant wait for march and spending every weekend watching the lady vols. amp hanging with smokey 
 proliferation of marijuana will go hand amp hand with the new discovery for ed. great news for our obsessive  compulsive sexual preoccupation
 @k1nglos lets smoke sum before lil sunny tour
 niggas buy a lil ass gun   smoke a lil reggie amp forget they a bitch 
 while black people rotting in jail over weed lmao shut your ass 
 i do my best to be biased against veganism  and i wish more vegans did too. it means we weed out shaky claims that would make us look bad.
 fuck bad bitches   smoke big blunts who am i to tell you different you only live once
 bad boys turned out perfect in the new smoker. catch us and a few 100 lbs of smoked bbq goodness 
 had these two guys pull up next to us in a car trying to sell us weed and i forgot their number  tookanltoday
 this party about to be fucking lit  we can fight  fuck  drink smoke all that if you a hoe bring some hoes with you adress will be posed at 6
 tcmparty beavis this movie is about big dicks hehmmeh butthead its pree you dill weed  not pricks beavis 
 yo like all i do is smoke .
 they smoke them dutches out there 
 you gotta smoke a dick  not a cigar. @cupcakkerapper words i live by  foreskinnottabacco
 myles better put some weed in his car and call the cops
 @armandhammer pull up on me amp smoke some
 @krislyssara cool that also helps me not smoke
 @emkmd youll have to wait till weedman strikes again to find out
 stepped out the tattoo convention right into a newport party im pretty sure ima die ima couple hours from second hand smoke
 hope tia amp corey weed laced since they wanna b hoes in greensboro
 young savage man i brought a draco for my shooter.mac 11 smoke yo baby daddy like some hookah
 my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction
 cant we weed out more dangerous muslim shariah law to hamas will cut you n babies throats... 
 its a frosty friday here in the great white north lgbtq village @461churchstreet @ cannabis 
 baby just buy the dutch cause you cant smoke for free.
 how do i start to loosen my addiction to marijuana
 my brother likes to do this thing where he mixes our numbers up so people end up trying to buy marijuana from me  
 had to give the weed a break 
 stop by studio music 2000 tonight music  smoke accessories   recording studio all right here in 
 i really needa stay off twitter when i smoke 
 periscope may have to wait. maybe getting a fire call for mutual aid to levitown. levitown has call from smoke coming from my house...
 i kno some gutta bitches that a smoke a bitch fr
 we smoke dick around here i love @cupcakkerapper so much omg
 @emmaxoxoss freshman year to now. dont smoke weed 
 pull up   hop out whole whip smoked out
 my weed man is at the meek concert 
 i shouldnt be able to tell that you smoke. 
 me to me its only 10 so if you smoke weed now you can have fun and still be able to write ur paper at midnight
 again  sittin here watchin my big bro smoke
 you tell yourself that the ash in your lungs is a kiss goodnight  and you write poems about the smoke tendrils whispering off her lips
 my homeboy showing his lil brother how to use his grinder lol weed brings everybody together
 if you brake check me i will fly past your and black smoke your ass
 on a good note i might get to meet migos and smoke with them
 this blasphemous goat just said houston jigger better than dallas jiggers she obviously smokes dick
 you ready to smoke a blunt the man bailing arianna out
 scientific review of marijuana supports regulation  not criminalization 
 i would lick 12 ballsacks rn for some weed cait
 it was too packed @ arlington i almost died from 2nd hand smoke
 duuuude my sisters friend is chill. she lets her daughter and their bfs smoke in her garage 
 pull up free smoke nigga
 hml if you got that weed syrup connect
 come smoke with a killa
 where that chick with the 5 dollar weed when you need her
 hmu for weed hoes
 dating is awkward on the spiritual path  healing from cptsd path. like... i dont want to drink or smoke or have sex with you. strangers
 might just pull up smoking marijuana
 or i could buy lik a fuck ton of weed and be temp. happy for a few months
 its 516 and this bitch up praising my dick giving skills i wish she would shut up while we smoke or doze off
 is there a chance hinkie is still on @sixers payroll amp its all smoke and mirrors ignorethemanbehindthecurtain @jonjohnsonwip @mharriscsn
 u upset cuz u use weed to pull hoes. 
 what is trump deleting from @twitter russia praise  dnc hack smoke screening  spelling mistakes. 
 hanging just to smoke  boy  you lame as a bitch.   @isaiahrashad was everything.   tampa 
 i love people who appreciate the smell of the tree...i hate you if you make that ugly ass face when the smoke blows ya way
 boston. smoke showing box 1866
 smoking weed till i overdose
 monday im back at the yeti pull up on me come have a drink  smoke that shit  snort that shit pull up 417 n 
 someone help me out and give me a ride to my truck. ill smoke you out
 bitches need more than weed to forget about me.
 im trademarking lil weed. lil weed the brand.
 who ever smokes weed is the avatar  
 i just want some weed and my dick sucked
 wheres the weed in atl 
 my mom just handed me a jar and told me to go clean my car. bitch go through it theirs not weed in their go for it hoe.
 he smoked doped  he grew dope. man  fuck george washington. nigga had slaves. earl sweatshirt  action bronson watches ancient aliens
 our house is the definition... of alcohol and weed addiction @mikemymb @dustinsutter
 curreny  smoke break
 potty break for everyone and smoke break for me. @ green creek rest area  southbound in sigel  il 
 soulja boys snapchat makes him look like he from shakopee  taking videos of his weed and chains n cash lolol lameeeeee af
 when i die  press my ashes into a smokey eyeshadow palette.
 trying not to smoke until the end of april
 baby it go down when you mix hen amp marijuana 
 ready to smoke
 second hand smoke
 everybody in the break room is staring at me lmao the weed in my bad is so strong
 and she smokes weed  and shes a fiiiiire chinese jawn
 i just put food on my plate  turned the microwave on but forgot the step where i put the food in the microwave. imagine my life if i smoked
 pull up on me and ill smoke with ya . few of charge
 pull up on me and ill smoke with ya
 wheres the weed  in the beer false advertising
 they selling girlscoutcookies outside the cannabis club  i guess pothead moms know their clients huh lol onlyincalifornia legalizeit
 can you reuse your weed needle after you inject a weed or 2
 i love being able to smoke with my clients while i do their makeup
 let me call her to smoke though 
 shawn blows his vape smoke in my face takes my charger n goes thank you love you wtf
 up next  @mozzythamotive with the last drill  i need a mf smoke break  
 lets smoke
 brother you smell like weed me in my head well yea you gerbil  i did just hot box yo car. dont you remember you gave me the keys
  wheres the weed in atl
 i get too high to take shit serious might ask that bitch if she smoke 
 your girl dont smoke weed but she blow dick 
 @toastycore yes  weed is brightly colored  neon weed 
 @opieest84 @bears85204 @jojomouth smart choice marijuana is safer than alcohol.
 good weed bad bitch. got these hoes on my dick like brad pitt
 she can go smoke her dick and delete her twitter 
 when you come over to clean amp you get paid in weedgtgtgt
 baby just cuz i smk weed dont mean im here to break ya heart 
 yo check this the fuck out weed is proper ...  
 how you gone be the weedman but dont answer yo phone 
 my hands are straight covered in resin. cleaning bowls sucks ass. weed is gross.
 and my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction.
 yall live for bitches n blunts we live for weed n money  lilsunnytour 
 dear arnold @schwarzenegger youre the only republican i ever voted for firetrump and smoke his whitehouse he cant terminate @epa
 i hate when bitches smoke they be trying to be cute its not no beauty pageant
 yall ever set out the shit you boutta smoke  go thru it all  n grab more wlil to no thought
 loving the cold  smoke a roll  see your fingers shake im getting through your heart break
 quick smoke break and back in the studio @ tampa  florida 
 ill prob pull up on og tonight and smoke him out.
 end 3q hempstead 29  western dubuque 22
 just watched steveo smoke his pubes out of his bare hand
 like good weed and like bad bitches thats gone roll it up.
 seafood n a lil smoke i guess
 all i smoke is killa  yo bitch she look like thrilla
 i had frosted flakes and weed for dinner
 ever since the opps in my building my brib has been a smoke shop
 but cuz weed can be picked from the soil and dried out  natural chemical reaction its supposedly the safest for you addicts to abuse.
 i want 2 smoke dutch
 pothead twitter so jaded off weed hype they dont even know they developed an addiction to it.
 i crack up everytime i look at kaines twitter cause all he would rt is weed tweets  you can look at his twitter amp already know
 no we cant smoke cuz i peep them pinners you rolling.
 did the rangers partake in cat pee and weed night during the intermission
 wheres my weed man 
 and now i shall take my third nap of the day. sieg heil ganja and progressive house my dears  
 omg it might be the weed but the pre chorus in carly  fever just made me cry
 @pensbeergeek now in pittsburgh they arent tons still let you smoke inside
 and im pretty sure that @tiffanylang might have died of alcohol poisoning. tiff if youre reading this  send me a smoke signal.
 when the weed kick in 
 almost merked this smoker chick
 lets smoke 
 i just wanna smoke good weed with a bad bitch.
 im trying to get high off 2nd hand smoke
 when you dont have your car to smoke in on your break 
 im ready to drink and smoke
 man my weedman sucks at texting back lol
 all i smoke is killa
 then you got like 5 niggas thatll try n smoke your blunt. like nope ill pass on this whole thing 
 when she realize you have good manners  two jobs  dont smokedrink  no criminal record  loyal  and  bomb dick 
 @botgle weedles needles
 there he is again in the weeds. obviously he golfs as expertly as he governs. 
 times like this i need me a lil baby to lay up amp smoke with
 is there a phrase for needing a break because you cant breathe after a coworker takes a smoke break ijs its like 
 all i smoke is killa yo bitch look like thriller 
 the more weed you smoke  the less fucks you give.
 found a lil bag of weed by my feet as i was on my cig break at work. god is real.
 i guess ima just smoke and grab my grub and call it a night
 your smoke tricks dont impress me
 at this party super turnt off the molly with a monster energy drink in my hand  wheres the weed
 funny as hell when people only hit your phone when you have weed
 im sorry but i thought it you were pregnant you couldnt smoke cigerettes
 i reed up on my reefer
 baby i got you till you use to my face weed
 why did my momma give keion a key  he worsam  didnt even have no weed 
 wonder will a lil weed make this heartburn go away
 @leeofanna smoke signals by phoebe bridgers. marry me  archie by alvvays. hand of god by emma ruth rumble. ready by alex g.
 a lil weeded 
 @leeofanna smoke signals by phoebe bridgers. archie  marry me by alvvays. hand of god by emma ruth rundle. ready by alex g.
 gimme a hoe  a bankroll and a bag of weed
 baron ugly ahh through a piece of weed at me and that hoe landed on my tongue 
 ethel wulf  weed man
 ilove it when my friends smoke with me i love you bitch @madipate01
 @mattwlawrence dont let her smoke and hot air effect your chance at true love and real happiness dont let her hold you back from fate
 all you need is a bag of weed and a thunderbird chevrolet
 i said baby just pack that shit cuz you cant smoke for free
 i be ready to cry when i get the urge to smoke b|c then i remember i cant 
 who want smoke @migos @thelox @travisporter 
 its cool to say youre hustling. but when their boy calls with a bag of weed and some beers  they out there partying and fucking around.
 tries not to be a bitch at the bar and smoke at the girls who i make eye contact with girls in reno dirty look girls in vegas smile back
 all i smoke is killa 
 wheres my weed @
 i hope @alecbaldwin doesnt smoke 
 boutta sit in the house  blow dope smokes allday n eat
 let me jus smoke i need a facial 
 cant wait until spring when i start growing cannabis again under | homegrow showyourgrow trumpera 
 im boutta smoke on my lunch break amp be maddd asf
 all i smoke is killer  yo bitch look like thriller
   i want to light a cig and blow it in the brunette cunts face w the glasses and smoke will catch in them
 every time i pass by your number i just wish i could call you to smoke a fat ass blunt  r.i.p 
 go rock it out  sizzlers  shine and smoke we are all proud of you  
 im 16 n never smokedthey be 12 at the hookah bar n shit 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 bruh ill really give you a sweet head kick combo if you snoke my weed again 
 thank you and  too bad we cant smoke fat or party at my house anymore  ill miss this 
 fake news. twitter needs to weed this out 
 smoke good weed with a bad bishhh
 @thecannapatient you give weed smokers a bad name. love you @jaketapper
 lets take a breath and remind ourselves that noise from wh regarding voter fraud is a smokescreen. not a peep on fl 
 i just wanna smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 a sunday read for you  enjoy the day dear reader.  emotional barfing sometimes its roses  sometimes its weeds 
 who trying to go crawfish shack and smoke
 honey ill smoke you til im dying
 good morning i hope u all smoke weed today
 cuz oh honey ill smoke you till im dyin 
 hanging just to smoke  boi you lame as a bitch.
 my last break up really messed me up to the point that all i do is smoke 
 somebody put 5 on the next bag of weed im finna smoke salute 
 @cbrezzy1 they make the lil circles with the smoke bujy
 i woulda been like bitch ill smoke a damn blunt in ya kids face stfu 
 how the fuck are the chain smokers and chance the rappers considered new artists 
 queuing to get my pot   this place is always busy @ cannabis culture in toronto  on  
 i need to stay around lizzie more because i havent been able to smoke all day because of her. im in a pissy mood but not dying is better
 why do people have in their bios that say i smoke weed till i die how old are you youre not cool. go home
 we smoke dicks around here hdhdsks
 listen to smokepurpp on a bean prod. willie g by lil peep  
 i dont smoke dick  but when i do... what  @kayliallisonn  
 i fucking love morgan she literally just smoked me up  bought me coffee n gave me a lil weed for my ride home... boys who wut r those
 someone help me move in on tuesday and ill smoke you up and buy you beer.
 a bad chick   a pound of weed   and a bag a cash   
 @dvnixo bitch lets smoke fym lmao
 let me smoke .
  smoke and lasers  love and ravers afterglow  were ready for the afterglow lights and action  strong attraction
 taking my self to the movies and then smoke up on tuesday
 smoke good weed wit a bad bitch 
 all i smoke is killa  yo bitch look like thrilla.
 all i smoke is killa yo bitch look like trills.
 she said  smoke your cigarette  i hope you choke  kissed my lips and quickly ran away.
 @morgs1208 shameless  dexter  weeds  amp californication
 i hate a slow ass fuckn weedman 
 yo bitch break my weed down sometimes chance the rapper
 everybody have a reason to smoke mine is.....because i love to smoking  you bunch of sober whores
 go back to your parents basement to smoke your brothers weed irrelevant woke celebrity number 816
 pretty bitches smoke for free cause i aint neva paid for a bag 
 i hope the chai smokers dont win. again. grammys
 all big smiles all day from hempfield area competition cheer  wcss icucheer @ espn wide 
 all i smoke is killa  yo bitch look like thrilla 
 boys suck thats why i stick to weed lol um okay
 @cucktoddmsnbc well damn. sorry man. might i recommend marijuana it helped with all my break ups. i cant remember some of their names now.
 macomb got a weed drought 
 if she only smokes blunts she a hoe
 chances the rapper fans call weed pot
 so ima take a longer break because ima need to smoke like 20 cigarettes to get me through the night.
 jerry totally smoked up before hilltop arrived.  twd thewalkingdead jerry
 relax. breathe. smoke one or suck on something. lifes good
 quavo  nav  pnb rock  a boogie  xxxtentacion  ski mask  famous dex  warhol  d savage  smokepurpp  lil peep  lucki  24hrs  roy wood  two9
 dont give me no mother fuckin bammer weed bitch niggah in the 415 its a problem @larryjunetfm
 time for a smoke break
 all i smoke is killa .. yo bitch look like thriller
 these hoes just want your weed and your wallet ..
 rip allie. loved being able to grow up with you and enjoy the time we had together. fly high baby girl and ill smoke one for you.
 when things get tough  sometimes i need a smoke break
 my grandma just put alcohol and weed together  and before she said mmm smells good. thats my gmaaaa
 ppl i work with bitch if we leave the floor for one 15 min break but they take 6 breaks to stand in the cold amp smoke their cancer sticks 
 @juhhadleone chances was better  smoke dzas was better and dj khaleds
 i smoked a krill in bushwick
 anderson paak smoke kools or newports  twitter
 this is it amp smoke break 
 would anybody be down to smoke a blunt with me via twitter live amp catch a sneak peek of some blackdynomite prod by @wavemmlz 
 nasty hoes smoke blunts.
 already lil sis. ill pull up this weekend n smoke ya out 
 if this man sings smoke break i might cry
 @mitchmelly23 @codyclauw they know juice and smoke break thats pretty much it 
 never name my smackas cuz them boys lowkey .. catch you slippin on a friday like craig amp smokey
 hand full of pills and a chest full of weed  got me thinking about a bitch while im blowing off steam
  wheres your nigga dweeb  amp ion smoke no more  
 i just smoked 34 of a dart in one drag n im boutta pass out 
 and my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction.  aubreydrizzy drake rogers
 you a lameeeee.. amp ya bxtch break down my weed sometimes..
 i need yo weedman number 
 why am i so out of breath all i did is smoke
 @clarissvh break the weed ho
 niggas smoke a lil bag of reggie and get to expressing they feelings 
 i need a bestfriend that loves weed like me boy or girl idc 
 the gag is actually love tame impala and smoked weed to them virtually nonstop in college 
 smoke good weed ah bad chick  
 if you smoke newports youre trash
 911 call for smoke in the area of the nebraska furniture mart  700 s 72nd street.
 @trailerparkboys trevor  cory..... smokes come on
 @whitneycummings taught 2 girls how not to be broke  so bad ass she showed snoop dogg how to smoke and helped kevin 
 pull up on me and smoke
 @roeee @therealfaithane she doesnt smoke and she has a baby lol.
 okay pm @justintrudeau... hurry up  legalize  cannabis... i need hemp tampons. somuchpain
 i got weed n cant smoke it thats that huurt  ima wake n bake tho lmao needa balance my lows forsure
 gotdamn i just wanted to smoke a cigarettes but you mf love shootin in this bitch smfh
 can we meet up sometime in atlanta no im not a killa. i just wanna smoke with ya amp make you a best friend. you are awesome. mytype
 psa for u hoes  posting bloodshot eyes is ugly as fuck. we get it. u smoke
  listen to my fly shit. smoke sumthin
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 bitche i sip drank n smoke everyday n i still get up for my 8 oclocks
 mwa presents aroma thursdays @ kabin dc hosted by @shawtydaprince pull up smoke your gas  drink 
 @jennymyfrenny cuz im a real weed bich
 only at carlow have i seen someone smoke a black n mild at 8 in the morning
 amending q4 law regulating owning  using amp home growing marijuana will be a problem for the electorate mapoli 
 @brennacantrell8 and also everyone at my brothers school thought he had weed on him like 
 yea he smoke them hoes lmaoo 
 well that leaves us with knotts berry farm. its like disneyland there with more second hand smoke.
 metakes a break just to smoke and listen to migos in my car for 15 minutes
 only weed till the end of the month. this surgery has me all worried. hope it goes smooth. @ ke  ke 
 muscular endurance me strengthtraining for todays clients sessions with me.  let there be smoke 
 i need to smoke before i go to my second job 
 smoke a lil weed  but her shit together 
 they say i do the most i be like on folks now lets have a fuckin toast cuz i made it thru the smoke big gucci sosa
 what do you smoke that they do so much research on  @eatsleepshit1 cannabis11
 music  sex  n weed is my life 
 music  sex  n weed is my drug addiction 
 the press does not have to give this white house a pass. they need to stay on task dont let chris ruddy run a smoke screen around us
 the sad thing is that.... sometimes i smoke like that  @jessicasodopee @sydneyinjanuary @daniellopez724 
 you a laaaaaaaaaaaame. and ur bitch break down my weed sometimes
 that bih og said all you do is suck dick  smoke dick  and take dick
 uhoh marijuana prices are plunging  and youre not going to be happy with the reason why @themotleyfool stocks  
 oh no friend. you cant smoke that. its mine. but youcansmell my breath after i do.
 rush pointed out that second hand smoke was bad  but now that the libs want marrywanna legalized  they found a study that debunks secondhan
 you gone get yo ass smoked nigga take me for joke
 all i want for valentines day is a bag of chocolates and a box of weed
 just a meal n weed n pussy. flat out. 
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 youre the smoke to my high  peep the wood 
 let tge dumb bitch smoke air
 @madisonrawson holy smokes youre old. youre going to catch me and pass me soon.
 i smoke like i breath .. constantly
 bitch you kant smoke up all my weed
 smoking weed bad for you hope you know that  me  whet 
 ok. this is all i need to see. somebody give me the nyse symbol of a good cannabis stock. @ 
 just trying to get to la n smoke all this weed n get some hotdogs downtown n go to santa monica pier 
 finally. its so upsetting at the lack of research into the benefits of marijuana and all because of politics. 
 @theonilx didnt know you were a newport smoker  alivewithpleasure 
 @kultuurimin minule andsid ainult zero .. google addam b.  56 double albums available now on the www .. smoke a joint and turn it up loud 
 chief keef has the best adlibs... bang bang  gbe baby  sosaaa  gang gang  catch up  nah  dope  smoke list goes on. 
 i hate a bitch that always wanna sit up and smoke yo shit amp freeload like oh nooo bitch cant fwu  
 wheres my money smokey 
 all i smoke killa yo bhi look like thrilla
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch and give a good girl bad habits
 why is that because someone smokes they automatically are considered stupid ...
 now that i live with roommates that smoke hookah. i cant pull myself away from it at night. lmfao
 she gon choke on dick while i blow out smoke
 when you finally vibe with a nigga  smoke blunts amp are able to pop xans together
 when you tell your doctor youre not a smoker and the bitch laughs in your face fuckyoubitch
 @fastmoneychris @faisalysl @thugactivities i would flush your lil ugly ass but you did it for me. you smoke cigs an 
 if youre not bringing me good vibes  good dick  good weed or good food tomorrow dont bother saying happy valentines day.  just sayin.
 have to buy a special bag of weed for tomorrow 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 @elizabethcallie you have another weed
 kall lil homie like kome smoke this wit me
 coulda balled for the celtics out in boston but the boy smoke out the bag very often.
 drank a lil bit smoked a lil but aye get turnt up 
 @eddieonfox @benmaller @uhbroncofan @dannygradio but im still laying in the weeds to make password great again. my record is 221 from 2016
 and my house is the definition...of alcohol and weed addiction
 jus smoke a lil   have fun a lil 
 lets smoke
 red lip bold liner smokey eye or nude lip sos
 @therealroseanne @caschank smoked
 my lips so black like i smoke and i dont
 smoking on gas with a bad bitch weed so strong i can smell it through the plastic
 doj warned white house that flynn was vulnerable to blackmail ... then wh fires doj atty. smoke fire feckin fire 
 someone help me out and hook me up w 2 ganja white nightboogie t tix at the concord @chicagoedmfam
 i hope dick wolf and speed weed get married so we get dick weed
 im not really a smoker but that time me  phonzo  charles  amp toni smoked amp we just kept laughing  
 lots of twix candy. bag of weed amp makkyas name on a necklace  
 sheesh warriors getting smoked by the nuggets
 sometimes ill refuse to buy ponytail holders bc theyre too expensive but ill drop 90 on weed so quick
 i hope the weed man up bcuzzzzzz
 tastes a bit like weed... haha...eh eh eh... hahaha  drinking a hop disciples 2017 at @townhallohc  
 ill be ur first weed client 
 feel like getting a box of chocolates  smoke mad blunts  and cry myself to sleep. im ready for good news this year
 lets smoke and vibe to jodeci..
 stop letting ugly hoes smoke for free 
 someone pull up n smoke this last blunt with me..
 ay yo fuck weed
 hoes getting xd out and we on ganja
 @wtffrench my weed canister fell out of my bag and its somewhere in the gym 
 dawg yo bitch is just as bad as the weed i was getting when i was 12
 who wants to smoke some love nugs tomorrow
 smokin dis weed im provoking a vibes n its calmin my nerve n my anger
 lets smoke 
 beth jerry what are you looking for jerry our weed wacker because our weeds are wack yo
 i love it when they call me big poppa only smoke blunts if they rolled propa
 all i smoke is killer ..... yo bitch look like thriller 
 ive already smoked two blunts and i cant fall asleep  i guess its netflixs till i pass out 
 my coworkers got bottles n weed n we went to my managers place n he made bbq n im in heaven
 finna smoke this bug with lil bro
 a lil water... marijuana... and music to get you through the night...
 a girl who gots her shit together amp smokes gtgt
 @spinrilla mixtape smoke gambinooo  animal @smokegambino @spinrilla  
 bitch i like to smoke a lot of weed
 morning smoke break 
 made the transition from weed to buttah.. like spring to summa.
 the only reason the uconn win streak doesnt impress me is that i could field a team from the contacts in my phone that would smoke them
 i woke up rn because xavier was throwing nugs of weed at my face
 @latimes rs attack on regs amp voting rights is why not attacking djt. hes distraction from their dirty deeds. djt is dangerous smoke screen
 all i smoke is killer yo bitch look like thriller
 bitch we smoke that thang thats that ogdopey dope
 all i do is smoke amp jugg killa then at night i smoke amp count the skrilla
 no valentines for me and chicago weed dealers suck smfh
 @johnnieguilbert is that.. a marijuana.. in my good christian suburbs
 econo lodge and some weed ass bitch 
 smoke break chance the rapper when yall been so busy and yall just need to stop and smoke a blunt aamurys17
 @zonemadison second hand smoke john had a sex change
 i fuckin hate traffic more when i cant smoke in it fuuuuuuuck
 dear lg @lgralphnortham thank you for acknowledging racism in marijuana enforcement and taking action to change it. 
 hey mr weedman pick up my phone call 
 wheres my bouquet of marijuana 
 im so glad kiara no longer has a twitter account cause she would legit have smoke coming out of her ears right about now
 @gophouse @gopsenate just love to blow smoke up our asses dont they. we will get no healthcare and like it. bye me 
 that raptors really did it.   they traded terrence ross.   holy smokes.
 put weed amp feed yesterday because @kprcbritta said 100 chance  wont have to water it in  sienna plantation survived amp weeds dying
 hot fudge and a little smoke @ cira green 
 all i smoke is killa took her out to eat  fucked her ona river 
 work out ..homework .. smoke a couple blunts .. its just a typical tuesday 
 serge ibaka finna be married to an ethiopian girl who smokes shisha and calls toronto the 6 soon enough.
 my instructor yeah i could smoke weed me laughing her why are you laughing so hard over there me 
 lock n sheal panels of hemp instead of concrete n super vines of plastic n rubber
 i remember when i use to feen for weed this bad haha 
 can someone call the cops i just saw @bigspenbroski looking at a weed on his phone in class im shook rn yall
 it took this bitch an hour to smoke a blunt 
 been wanting to smoke a blunt all morning but the only rillo i got for some reason is a white owl white grape icanwait
 feds pull me over they say i look loaded i said no sir its just marijuana
 wow hurry up with my weed josely and miguel 
 i just legit packed a bowl with all the weed i dropped in my car
 ready to smoke 
 if u throw shade on people who smoke and just be living they lives u nun but a bitch ass nigga or a bitch ass hoe goes out to niggas an hoes
 if you smoke dutches theyll always last that long  
 okay i smoked im better. ready for a come up tho
 im tryna pull up on somebody bitch and smoke a valentines blunt
 baby just sit amp smoke amp talk to me while you drive... prod. by @lilbonthebeats 
 bitches stay tryna smoke for free fuck outta here bitch 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 i need a bad bitch to sit passenger while we smoke this shit
 @jebfd @julik317 @tzipor336 @carobrodandroll @martine @loobydoobs if i wasnt allergic to weed hell yesss...love to see mum high  
 give up smoke squares amp die shit idc
 got my 2nd shiny kakuna today and evolved it into beedrill to complete the weedle evoline took 624 re but glad i 
 sometimes i wish i had a truck so when people ride my ass i could blow smoke all over them
 valentines day studio party tonight  bring ya hoes weed and drinks. dm
 its get shmoked when in new orleans but lets smoke when im chi you a fuck nigga.
 ready to smoke 
 why you stressing on a tuesday come amp smoke a few.
 weed so good  i dont wanna pass it all i smoke is killer  your bitch look like thriller
 roses are red. violets are not. i cant wait to see what you got. love  puff smokey smoke    juwannamann love valentinesday lovepoem
 thats how yo weed get dry ally get your shit together 
 claiming thats yo wife but we cant call it  she up in my room 3 in the morning takin off he close inhaling hella smoke coughing
 oh honey ill smoke you till im dying
 all you need is love... and sushi  obviously.  this gorgeous lovers roll with spicy smoked 
 i hope my next girlfriend smokes weed.
 peace love n weed 
 lets smoke 
 im too ready to smoke.
 if yo weed dont at least look like this  you buyinsmokin booboo mcchicken lettuce.   me 
 i cant see him being compromised by his   action. theres more smoke than fire. 
 i had smoked duck. @ the dutch 
 fuckin leaned out coked out smoked out and feelin good hoe with the bro bouta meet up with some side hoes happy valentines 
 shut the fuck up roger you cant smoke beer
 smoking that michigan weed  brady lol
 smoking that michigan weed  brady lol  @juice3d
 smoking that michigan weed  brady lol  @dylandcarl
 @talentinklany smoking that michigan weed  brady lol
 smoking that michigan weed  brady lol  @amytalkington
 happyloversday dedicatedtotheloverinyou smoothoperator midtownsmokeshop @ midtown smoke shop 
 ima die from second hand smoke
 @marciliroff do you smoke weed or do you suck dick  cash
 @juice3d do you smoke weed or do you suck dick  cash
 @dylandcarl do you smoke weed or do you suck dick  cash
 @gma do you smoke weed or do you suck dick  cash
 @wheeloffortune do you smoke weed or do you suck dick  cash
 @jackj do you smoke weed or do you suck dick  cash
 @thetalkcbs @khloekardashian @cavs do you smoke weed or do you suck dick  cash
 @chloegmoretz do you smoke weed or do you suck dick  cash
 @fifthharmony @victoriahope17 do you smoke weed or do you suck dick  cash
 @newsyvideos do you smoke weed or do you suck dick  cash
 @youtube do you smoke weed or do you suck dick  cash
 @lesca17 i just got him a pipe amp a grinder. so imma just buy weed amp put the nugs in a chocolate box 
 i love serving people an smoke they blunt with them
 bitches can smoke and blunt but cant hold their breath under water
 bitches can smoke blunts but can hold their breathe under water 
 lets stay up late and smoke a j
 i cant trust a bitch them hoes too iffy rollin up the smokes this shit so sticky
 @rayavlogs hands down   celia hoses from weeds. couldnt stand how bitchy she was.
 i hate a why you dont smoke in yo crib type of bitch lol
 tonight smoke real hookahs at momos w partychaser  hiphoptuesdays w @twentyspinz  hosted by @rayvaughn4real 
 good ass intro or smoke break 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 lmfaooo  smoke them newports 
 why does the joint we smoke last longer than our discussions 
 wheres the weed @
 someone pull up and smoke me out 
 had a warrant for my arrest today cause i failed a piss test and the judge said i have a serious addiction to weed
 @tuckercarlson @foxnews tucker smoked that media critic from the wapo. i almost felt sorry for the guy....not @brithume is a treasure
 good weed good dick
 just trying to smoke blunts with my hoes
 mama didnt raise no quitter ill smoke the roach till it burns my lips
 i had bitches when i was sellin weed. bitches will pop pussy for 3.5
 lets smoke and do homework baby 
 @sawamoey guuuurl come smoke sometime 
 @girltype its me  weed momny  from twitter
 last call  last call for the weed and alcohol
 meg smoke some of the blunt if u want its in my weed bag  ok if i were a weed bag.......... what would i look like
 i suck at rolling but when i smoke by myself i can give two fucks
 you smoke dutches tho... o0 
 my brother tryna get me to smoke 
 i like good weed  i like bad bitches that can roll it up  and a rider thats gone hold me down no matter what 
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together 
 waiting for my phone to have some charge so i can go smoke
 chance is my boy but i saw a post from this lady @ church sayin chance the next best gospel rapper. im like lol go listen to smoke break.
 because id rather miss the last ferry and be trapped in seattle for the night than miss seeing chance preform chain smoker live get real
 i cant smoke till idk how long ima give myself till day 4 then ill probably go crazy
 you a laaaaaame  and your bitch break down my weed sometimes
 all i smoke is killa  yo bitch look like thrilla
 @balderasjorgeb invest it all in weed stocks watch ya money double quick
 cases of corona and my lil marijuana
 lil cuz hit my phone n said come to the hood amp smoke sumn
 im a fuckin pot smoker not a stock broker thought i told ya
 ready to just smoke these blunts man
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 ladies a dude tell you he gon pull up and smoke you out and pull this out wyd 
 @ljyoung28  dont just drain the swamp...pull the weeds
 such a tragedy break out the dustbuster then smoke out 
 fat smoke up for whoever gives me n kyle a ride to school
 i only smoke dutch master palmas or the raw organic hemp papers  nothing else
 chain smoker x chance the rapper
 @tonisabstyle @julieblanner hoods that pull oil and smoke  dimable hood lights  infrared and rotisserie options in regular ovens
 news cycle  could you take a smoke break i have work to do.
 i do what i want and smoke till im faded
 the real fuckin question that determines all cuz baby you not wasting my smoke... nooo bitch u gone have to pay  
 @kiro7seattle marijuana is legal here . why is this considered news is it about  bad hombres 
 i love it when my brother takes me out just to smoke me out. siblinggoals  happyasffff
 im with this bad bitch  she dont smoke but she goin burn with me .
 nigga said and your bitch break down my weed sometimes 
 theforceisstrongwith weeds addiction to being smoked by me.
 theres no way in hell i can only smoke backwoods. ill fuckin die
 if i ever make a strain of weed im calling it the hoes are laughing
 @hartramsey @realdonaldtrump this what we tell the students weeducate daily take ownership for your actions. it is not hiliary but u .
 i need all of my twitter followers to tell me its a bad idea to smoke in my room
 bitch buy me weed amp give me free rides
 i let my tape rock til my tape pop smoking weed and bamboo sippin on private stock  
 and ya bitch roll up my weed sometimes ..
 smoke so much ill probably fly if i dont smoke ill probably die
 @jvrhead i smoke every day with my nigga mohammed too lolol
 im about to go smoke then ill catch you in class.
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 all i smoke is killa
  smoke  you will be missed
 boutta smoke these blunts to the neck 
 its just crazy how you can take a smoke break or   at some places  have a beer or two on the job.
 lets just take a second to admire what a smoke show @angggmarieee 
 when you pull into the weed shop amp get laughed at for being so small behind the wheel so you flip them off 
 yes like let the weed marinate  
 was so ready to face this blunt and irene has my weed ughhh life sucks
 i need to smoke bye
 and my house is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction
 just tryna smoke some blunts with the homies and listen to migos withadabofranch
 @lilcstaple punch a baby. dont smoke a cig.
 i fucked his bitch she like to smoke 
 nigga pulls out weed  syd uh is that reggie  
 i only smoke cute lil blunts now 
 yeah i can pass the weed but i cant pass the fcat
 im at smokes poutinerie in toronto  on 
 @vpdtrafficunit one concern is it legal to smoke a cigarette while driving n then throwing the remaining butt on road it cud b dangerous.
 ive seen niggas roll whole backwoods and rip no leaf and try n pass me the l ... naaaaa fam u could smoke up all that tobacco urself
 lets smoke some 
 drink | smoke | vibe   music by @taahbeats hosted by hostgodz reservations available contact 
 then i needa study  do homework  and smoke some big ass cookies.
 some1 come ovaaa amp ill smoke ya out
 all cops needa get smoked omm fuck yo opinion
 next semester i cant wait to live in the apartments with all my bitches and smoke blunts and vibe 
 finna smoke this bitch out
 i cant wait to live in the apartments with all my bitches and smoke blunts and vibe 
 im still laughing about the other day at the smoke shop
 about to cop the half and smoke a 8th out that bitch
 im about to smoke an catch these zsss
 smoke good weed wit a bad bitch  
 bitches be on snap wasting weed amp blowing out hella smoke....inhale that shit bitch you not high
 comingsoontotigard marijuana shops on wheels 
 winnie better not take long bc im ready to smoke 
 our friends @cliffamily are serving up the goods like this smoked salmon avocado bread. theyll be at campovelo to 
 if weed really is the devils lettuce  its too bad i fuckin love salad
 yummy burnt ends...sometimes its good to have a cheat day  @ smoke shack 
 smoking weed and driving on the 2 freeway north pass the 134 @chpsouthern @chpvalley 
 trying not to cry at work suck my ass you can pay me to tweet from the bathroom if you can pay everyone else to smoke amp call their boyfriend
 i smoke a lil weed. but my shit together.
 when i smoke i hold the shit in for a lil second then blow out
 let me welcome you to the smoke box
  by smokeshoponhaight aka pipedreamssf sanfrancisco oldest smokeshop since 1968 on 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
  dallas cannabis sticker. check them out. they are pretty cool.
 hood sex  good drink  good weed
 fire at rocks in lakeview  hope everyone is safe looks under control  lots of smoke. best to avoid broadwayaddiso 
 @scrowder has just undone all the work he claims to have done to undo sjw culture. he employed sjw tactics amp got triggered af over weed 
 i hope im still smoking weed and having sex n shit @ like 60
 second foot smoke kills 
 lack of sex and weed i cant focus on shit 
 roses are red violets are violet plant a tree go smoke some weed. good night
 i said baby just buy dutches cause you cant smoke for free
 your new cd is a weed plate 100 pure garbage jus somethin to break up buds on
 so much second hand marijuana
 boutta smoke ...
 yo moore  only place hillary  will be installed is jail. now put that in your pipe and smoke it  you fat pig.
 hoes getting xd out amp im on ganja 
 ybs skola wake up in the am  suck me like a pacifier   me and she smoke that firrreeeeeeeeeee 
 sucks when your out of weed and the connect is no where in sight
 about to go smoke with my bitch
 i keep finding her hair in my weed..the fuck is this.
 to sum it up. trevor was smoked again  eric was off again  clint was man handled again  and harden cant score every point.
 @teenmom @f1abraham @mtv and she shouldnt have why is everyone blowing smoke up farrahs big fat fake ass video sucked amp so does she.
 like smoke demo  amy winehouse 
 smoke good weed wit a bad bitch
 all i smoke is killa
 i need to smoke so bad but i cant
 i cant stannnnnd broke ass bitches . i can really buy your life bitch  fuck your weed i got my own smoke lol 
 @wtffrench me at a very popular weed shop that she happens to own partially and gave me a bunch of free stuff 
 im sorry for the rude things i said today due to lack of marijuana.
 yeah my dick probably weighs the same as 30 worth of weed
 gimme a bad bitch that can break my weed down and roll it
 medical marijuana is legal in michigan lmaaaooo boutta smoke hella phuckin dope with john
 when im not here does anyone miss my second hand smoke
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch.
 bruh. joel said his ass cheek and knee cap shaking  smoke that black and shut up 
 imma smoke up till i turn to ashes
 @wag none bruh just looking for twitter material to smoke to 
 i dont smoke  i take a lil puff
 they say i do the most  i be like on folks  now lets have a fuckn toast cuz i made it thru da smokess   @chiefkeef
 i wonder if my brother realized i ducked out to smoke a bowl midconversation
 and my house is the definition  of alcohol amp weed addiction.
 give a nigga your teeth and he gone smoke on another bitches face 
 got bitches and marijuana.
 boutta smoke this blunt n b outtie
 bitch lets smoke our lungs outttttt  
 pull up amp smoke me a nigga
 @katietierneyh @oxminaox yall sus as fuck we got old bitches fighting on twitter. go call the cops on some kids smoking weed foh
 we dont smoke blunts bitch
 my bestfriend is a weed head now 
 @skrillmatic that hoe knew it was me beating her out that weed in lefleur.  that dick had 
 dea drops inaccurate cannabis claims from website | leafly  cannabis leafly legalizeit dea tellusthetruth
 i cant smoke no lil 10 worth of weed  
 a bunch a niggas got smoked for they cash used to ride greyhounds wit dime hoes who stuffed the coke in they ass
 see thats the problem with rappers nowadays. yall mfkers rap like i got yo bitch upon my sofaa rolling ganja yo bitch wet like a coaster
 @quezquez9 i basically chose weed over school and im very sorry for that.. idk how my ass graduated 
 sonnnn when some weed  xans  shrooms  lets gooooo   
 im 21 now bitches lets smoke 
 sonnnnn with some weed  xans  amp shrooms lets gooooo   
 i smoke pubes
 pause ... houston just decriminalized weed  its a wraaaappp .
 if you in school  and you smoke hella weed but your grades bad  you a lame.
 she keep cash and weed in her lil birkin bag
 need weed yo
 lovesminiblog 420 the definitive history of cannabiss biggest day | leafly  cannabis leafly via leafly 420
 more girl friends plz.... some1 do a boozey brunch with me or smoke hella weed and eat fatty food with me... hell be basic and shop wme
 lets smoke and intercourse
 lets smoke and intercourse 
 @dcashionb12 smoke some then n
 @aliciawallace @zhangmona @msamandalewis @alysonrmartin @bruvs quick q to you all what cannabis conferences are worth attending  if any
 all i smoke is killa. yo bitch look like thrilla. i might pullup and serhh you a lb on a 4 wheela
 chance the rapperfuture x smoke break
 no liquor this weekend im on a weed  water and workout cleanse
 boutta smoke big gas n eat good
 we got all da weed hit my dm ill pull up  3.5 for 35
 i cannot be the only one whos ready to swing when someone blows smoke in their face on the path
 will i smoke this bitch  yes   prolly fail my piss test   get rid of them fake breast and put a vest on that bitch chest
 @javieeehorsee take a smoke break
 @ronsocold finna pull up n smoke yo ass boa  on bd
 lol bitch ill smoke the whole damn picture  
 professor gives us breaks so he can smoke boges
 you tell me i cant smoke cuz i didnt throw in ima wait til you broke amp smoke a 7 with your mother in yo room
 @makingamy @jasonsfolly but we might be able to weed out some in the blue states also gerrymandering initiatives in many states will help
 bitch i sold weed  bitch i done sold it all fuck out my face 
 all i smoke is killer .... yo bitch look like thriller 
 if you smoke joints ur a bitch
 yo it weed black friday at swell rn.
 when i smoke i always put things out on the back of my phone  theres marks all on my phone case
 my sex better than weed mixed with molly babbbyyyyyyyyyy 
 now that ive talked to my boss and ppl from corporate on the phone i can smoke a bowl in peace.
 tonight drink | smoke | vibe  music by @taahbeats hosted by hostgodz reservations 
 wheres all the weed
 feelin ta grab a earl grey and smoke some loud
 life hack use tolerance breaks for people instead of weed
 taking a break from packing up smokecloud record orders to pull records for todays reggae 
 @jnastynigga we need to smoke ugly
 whos tryna smoke in need of a good blunt and good convo
 @nima3rad vc is dumb for weed delivery because its a shitty business  imo. probably bad if n  1.
 like im literally offering a smoke up till youre so high you cant walk just for hanging out with me lol
 @austineatman24 smokers paradise on dezavala has em. works for 5 hours give or take.
 rolls up fake paper blunt me i pearled this bitch mr. luttig dom you cant smoke dooby in class 
 rolls up a paper blunt me i pearled this bitch  mr luttig dom you can smoke a dooby in class 
 rolls up a paper blunt me i pearled this bitch mr luttig dom you cant smoke a dooby in class 
 a warning to my followers ginga densetsu weed will be taking over my twitter for a lil bit. 
 im boutta roll up amp smoke by my lonely 
 @jakeuno if i was a billionaire i would hire blegit to perform the entire hemp museum for my birthday
 bad bitches and good weed 
  seen our ig  dont be lame. marijuana  food  maybe a nude of j amp or richard  instagram fridayfeeling podecho
 i need a studio i can smoke in to just let my creativity fly
 i be telling ya weedheads all the time 
 ill never understand why smoking weed is considered such a bad thing. so over it.
 i smoke til i choke n im dizzy 
 its on a smoke break 
 and i no longer smoke mfs out
 my wc my fun side n a lover of all n live b a weedy comeedy tweety so hear to twitter me out  twitter me this as twitter me that birdee 
 all i smoke is killer   yo bitch look like thriller
 it smells like weed out here bitch its a black mind your business lil whore
 afternoon smoke with junior. onelife @ lake worth cigars 
 this nigga sleep when im trying to smoke. now accepting applications for a new lil brother
 ill never give weed up for a boy @carizma1233 .....
 lost my fuckin weed
 i break down the dutch and she break down the weed.... the you know whats up
 look wut weed did yo girl lol
 smoke weed hoe
 shout out to the niggas who give that extra sprinkle of weed in yo bag 
 @brithume @mcclatchydc white house did this to smoke out the leakers. create a fake story and see who bites. guarantee they got them
 they can smoke dick honestly idgaf 
 smoke good weed wit a bad bitch 
 i stg panda is goodys new weed is he good
 wheres theres smoke  theres reichstag fire... 
 are you frustrated with the length of time its taking @justintrudeau amp his cabinet to legalize marijuana  taking calls now 6042809898
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch  and give a good girl bad habits
 i said baby just buy dutches cause you cant smoke for free
 my weed good  my sex better
 as bad as jiggas just wanna fuck is as bad as bitch will fuck you just to smoke your weed
 i love my new weed connect. 
 i power up right off ma phone weed mollys flakka stones.
 if u dont like me cuz i smoke weed then u are a fuckin dumbass lmao and i dont fuckin care ill smoke a blunt with yo granny bishh
 finally i get a chance to smoke 
 lil smoke session 
 im boutta smoke some weed
 no lets go to tarae house and smoke  
 lets smoke
 lets smoke n watch shameless
 @groovye1 lets smoke
 jfk planned on legalizing marijuana in his second term and then lee harvey oswald had to go and fuck things up for 
 only thing i got in this world is my family my bestfriend and weed.
 will i smoke this bitch yess  probably fail my piss test
 taking a smoke break from life. cookies seacookies seattle @ belltown  seattle 
 lets smoke
 @lordrockwell fuck a swisher by smoke purp ft wulf
 will smoke turd in afterlife for this   but hope domestic natural disaster  makes 45 look the foolheis  b4 he can gin up reichstagfire
 you cute bitch let me smoke you out
 she like let me smoke away the last of the fucks i give first 
 youre new weed connect loves you 
 always loved her second hand smoke line lmao 
 my roommate alwaysss asks why i smoke so much...balance out these lows girl  balance out these lows.
 just smoke a blunttttt
 i buy my bitch what she want  i smoke that gas out the bluuunt
 all i smoke is killa  your bitch look like thriller gahdamn
 look what the weed make yo bitch do 
 im just ready to smoke n relax
 when my boss tells me he smells weed in the lobby 
 on the phone is that a bag of weed in my ear right now how the fuck did you honestly know that stoner senses where tingling
 smoke some weed n shut up for once
 if i want a dare shirt and my marijuana hairpin does that make me cool or ridiculous
 smoke good weed wit a bad bitch
 while all these hoes smoke they lil flavor pen i shhhmoke my strawberry caugh  teamlit
 well i have weed on me amp a k9 in the subway didnt attacked me 
 someone pull up and smoke with me 
 nd if a leaf fall throw some weed in that bitch 
 i smoke og picked fresh off the tree  puff puff pass i pass it to me 
 all i smoke is killa your bitch look like thriller
 this aint no friday pull up like worm n smoke me a nigga
 @shelp dudeeee lets smoke and go out sometime
 all i smoke is killa
 smoke till ya niggas cant smoke no more   roll till ya bitches cant roll no more
 @jessewatters hey i just moved to oceanside amp i literally dont know anyone. can you help me find a weed connect
 lets smoke 
 @pvssypreacher son i just hosted a whole party and i didnt touch no alcohol  no weed  nothing.
 so bitches really do suck duck for weed  
 so bitches really do suck dick for weed  
 we deserve a smoke break chance
 all niggas do is smoke all day and dick ride they bros  
 got anything you need promethazine  rocks  weed amp da fuckin xanz
 bitch was literally in charge of a 2 things. a diving sandwich and weed. forgot both is those for a bag selfish
 my mom found a bag of weed n gave it to me 
 hood weed  
 @aceeboogie liq is better you know i cant smoke 
 walts laughing place smoketreeranch @ smoke tree ranch 
 good morning facebook  instagram  and twitter weeds safer than 
 the guy who brings a bad rep to weed hoe 
 @stewarthaasrcng @mobil1 @fordperformance @clintbowyer lets go make smoke proud
 cops pulled me over and said wheres the weed but i just smoked it so they searched my whole car while i was laughing there was no weed
 @canadianpm @justintrudeau @marcscottemery @cbcnewsbc americans that use marijuana r not terrorists. expunge the border busts  @samriddle
 im ready to smoke 
 we meet up and youre like wheres the ganja at we roll to my house and smoke. you die choking for a straight 10 minutes
 i need to smoke yo 
 i have to smoke when im gettin ready i b in my bag 
 not good @starbuckshelp to say one thing and allow another. why must i walk through a haze of 2nd hand smoke to com 
 it looks like kay is sucking ghost dick and the smoke is his ghostly cum 
 come smoke weed wit ah bad bitch
 come smoke good weed wit ah bad bitch
 guess ill take a lil smoke ride to the city.
 boutta send smoke up your way  
 if you want smoke then pull up on me 
 let me just go smoke some dick rlly quick
 take me a smoke break when bae gets off
 smoke weed till my face fall
 @jeffgordonweb @allwaltrip please explain why clint boyer not running in clash when his car is qualified by smoke.  and why suarez is
 @davestubbs  without carey price today  the habs get smoked. julien and bergevin have much work to do because this team right now is bad 
 all i want is a lil shorty to kick it with smoke and vibe with on my time off is that to
 all i want is a lil shorty to kick it with smoke and vibe together on my time off is that too much to ask for  
 new lana del rey music aka let me pretend my life is a black and white filter while i smoke a cig on the hood of my 1950s convertible
 everytime i go to the cowboy i feel like i legitimately gain 20 years of second hand smoke
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 lets smoke 
 call my bitch up and the first thing she says is wanna smoke 
 what kinda dick you smoke  
 im ready to smoke 
 @kennywallace wheres wallace   perhaps he could answer why clint boyer not racing the clash tonight since car is qualified from smoke
 everyone should cop the hemp lip care from the body shop cus my lips are dumb soft
 cust i want a smoked butterscotch fra with nonfat milk  coworker nything else cust xtra wc xtra caramel vent size
 kens if youre reading this lets smoke hoe
 im just tryna smoke weed amp fuck pornstars in the valley
 my weed habit so close to snortin powder
 my lil bros be tripping you want that smoke we give it
 not gonna lie   none of this racing stuff is the same without @tonystewart   miss you on the track smoke.  hope youre enjoying next phase.
 bitches n marijuana is still my fave song
 @georgetakei you need to shut your pie hole you rope smoker if you dont like trump move to syria so you can learn to fly you libtard
 if i smoked as much pot as kyrie irving i might believe that stuff  too.
 my lil cousins really be tryanna get me to smoke with them like yo momma not about to beat me up bc i smoked with yo minor ass
 everything you need to clean your pieces and keep them clean. weedwipes deluxe cleaning kit includes canna mags. re 
 lets smoke
 @wdwnt does this have the smoke  or did only that one 2nd showing
 how to graduate smoke yo weed   fw who fwu  work  stay on yo and keep it pushin  thats how you gone do all that 
 yo life way easier when smoke yo weed   fw who fwu  work  stay on yo shit and keep it pushin 
 yo life easier when you smoke yo weed   fw who fwu  work  stay on yo and keep it pushin 
 if you an ugly hoe  i cant leave witcha. you a broke nigga  cant smoke weed witcha. if you aint a boss then cant sip lean with ya
 finna go to sleep and hope somebody call me up to smoke
 so ready to smoke.
 i tooted my lady in now im sit n smoke n watch tv till i k o
 lets smoke
 bitch we smoke n on fats thp on his azz lol on d nigga we flex on d bitchs  gang
 bitch we smoke n on fats thp on his azz lol on d nigga we flex on d bitchs  gang
 had to quit weed cause that shut just made me fuckin lazy 
 i can smoke bag of this 
 chance the rapper smoke break lt3
 smoking weed and dying
 oh hell yeah obama definitely smoked out chance the rapper
 time for a smoke break
 i only smoke weed when there is a bad bitch present.
 i told lola about seattle for spring break and she asked me how much weed i was planning to smoke smh
 pizza rolls and weed  the usual.
 if yo bitch my bitch we need to meet up so we can smoke a blunt...
 tonight i had a girl who said shed suck my dick for weed. what is this weekend 
 pull up and ill smoke you out 
 tampa weedgttally weed  never @ me
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together.
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 when i die press my ashes into a smokey eyeshadow palette
 smoke a lil weed  but my shit together
 ill just sit out here and chain smoke till my phone dies  fuck it. whats a pack a day anywayzzz
 @grreatbritain im about to smoke with jerry lol
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 i miss my baby girl sis my linda   funny my name is susan n linda my sister  initials sml mine just noticed it  damn weed  feel so damy m
 bout to roll this weed n pull up on my folk
 these bitches need to get the priorities together be more worried bout smoking weed and popping pills than handling business
 cooking w @cdotharrison and @lazlothebuzz smoke breaks are the only two good things on facebook currently.
 cop some bag smoke some bag
 leafly investigation california has a dirty cannabis problem | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 @618youngin but jus continue to smoke yo mids lil nigga stay in your lane
 do you booboo up in smoke. this presidents weekend has been on fiyah take the extra day and 
 work  studio  smoke break  repeat
 dont use opioids erica get some weed my friend uses it for ibs amjoy
 all i smoke is killa
 the weed men calling hope he dont big out that i wanna suck him
 lets smoke
 bout weed weed weed foh elephant man
 yo i hope he smoked this afterwards if not went viral off it  
 i got my sex playlist and weed ready wassup
 wrapup of last weeks playoff action including hempfieldcentral  lebanonmennonite  amp catholiclebanon 
 sex  money  weed bitch
 ay man we grillin at the brib today pull up  bring a lil sumn  eat a lil sumn drink a lil sumn smoke a lil sumn yknow wtf gon on
 cesto said he wanted to go hiking at 7am n then have breakfast n smoke n chill after but its almost 10 n hes not even awake lol
 so my boyfriend and i decieded to go on a two weeks cleanse no weed im a complete stoner but a bitch neeed some balance in life 
 wish i had some weed to smoke on my break 
 bitch roll my weed then get on your knees
 having no weed in the am sucks
 only thing u good for is head  weed  and liquor
 this shit not good n all but damn did i miss being able to smoke outside 
 smoke some weed n have some sex  
 @scbchbum if your thighs rub together  arent you worried about the second hand smoke
 @mirahwood like when dare says weed is satan then your buddy tries it but doesnt go exorcist  youre like wait a minute. same behavior.
 someone smoke me out right this second
 look up from my phone to see a plume of smoke at ohare airport. cant tell if its a plane or not but looks to be 
 @demitritaughtme they broke and still trynna smoke bestfriend  bad buisness 
 uvm sucks lol go smoke a mole  
 if i cant smoke in yo car do not offer yo drive me nowhere
 mom seth go get me a hoe im gunna go chop some weeds.. pauses no i dont mean ashtyn  wow mom thx i feel the love
 baby it goes down when you mix hen and marijuana...
 @griph lil xan  lil peep  lil pump  xavier wulf  wifisfuneral  ski mask  robb bank  ronny j  danny towers  smokepurpp  craig zen  retch
 @laurenjauregui still thinking about the weed u look good in ur mugshot  ill give you that. 
 i be ready to cry when i get smoke in my eye 
 i got like 4days left of house arrest n im back down mfz to petty gon kick my company out the hallway cuz we ant smoke with theyass 
 @hightimesmag @hightimesmag  look at this fab hemp car 
 ready to smoke this blizzy 
 yall smoke hoes out  
 im crying my sister is buying weed brownies from someone on twitter and theyre coming to deliver it to our place lol
 you tell her balance the check book i tell her to roll my weed up
 sundayshoutout to some dope cannabis peeps @iamcharlogreene   the folks @imtooeffinghigh   @tommychong @trailerparkboys @conanobrien 
 she break down the weed   i break down the dutch
 @corsairartisan any chance of there being some triple smoke single barrel available when we visit in april
 messy hoes will get ya smoked
 fuck youlupus you can suck my dick thank you weed for not making me feel sick weed lupus
 when yo weedman pull up on you in a timely manner
 come to the nm 420 education music and arts festival and learn the benefits of cannabis april 2021st 420 pm  10 
 in the weeds as usual. 
 bitch all you do is work at moby dick and post snaps of you smoking weed like youre cool in high school again lmfaooo gtfo of here bitch
 just a photographer who smokes sometimes
 i only smoke sativa in the studio
 dirtyweed leafly investigation california has a dirty cannabis problem | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 all i do is smoke and homework 
 the hummingbirds sighting tampa  florida skippers smokehouse 
 grind all day  smoke until i pass out... with my bad  bougie bitch with her ass out. rapperface  cypherkilla 
 had to break it down to my coworker that idc bout no bitch. where the weed at
 only bitches smoke cigarettes
 @saucytreats theres a significant chance that this goes without saying but just in case wicked weeds brewery
 if yo weed turns into dust when you break it down. ion want it 
 you need to smoke a bowl to smoke break by chance the rapper once in ur life
 @clintbowyer @roushyates omg love it.so proud to follow you  so happy for you n yours....14 have smokes 14items now get 2 by ur idm litls
 intake of second hand smoke currently through the roof right now. beau has to be on about his second pack right about now
 the culture know him as smokey amp carter  
 i just wanna smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 of course the weed gummy kicks in as my moms lecturing me
 why my weed man phone disconnected 
 me n my baby vibe good  smoke good  eat good 
 turn my bestfriend into my wife  love you marijuana 
 @coltdude23 @ahull24 let me finish my homework ill come smoke you like this bowl i packed
 @amctalkingdead that semi trailer daryl and richard are standing behind is the semi from smokey and the bandit 
 break down the backwood amp fill wit cannabis
 i love smoking weed n crying
 patrick dempsey is a smoke in cant buy me love
 @amctalkingdead holy crap the semi daryl and richard were fighting by is from smokey and the bandit 
 just molly and weed. matrix.
 pull up with some gas with ya new club we gotta smoke it out break it in....   thefinal4
 why am i cracking up at jakes vid dying from the smoke
 @ginaeidyahooco1 @jupitergirl68 your not my friend bitch   go smoke another roxy   or did up your game to needles
 all i smoke is killa yo bitch look like thrilla
 johnson sentenced to probation for cannabis possession | bureau county republican 
 its 2017 wheres my weed emoji
 bitch cant smoke my reefer in the dark
 @yungpepe you a bitch you aint want no smoke 
 you say vaccines cause autism but you smoke and that is  known to cause cancer whyiblockedyou 
 im not a social smoker ill perso this hoe in ya face
 i love that its midnight n i can txt julz come smoke and shes like k
 876 trillion wat americas debt be pid off by legalizing the lottory n marijauna hemp starships built n designed by walter beech hamlett
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together
 didnt we smoke overr the break
 no cuz the bitch showed up with no weed he lucky i aint spazz out cause we cousins  
 niggas take pics with a couple guns  smoke some weed  and forget theyre a bitch.
 imma just sit n the house all day n smoke open cribo 
 new orleans is just one big hot box.. second hand smoke is real here
 just to smoke with a bitch. 
 and that smoke break was what i needed. man i love my brother
 a xan and this killa weed
 theres nothing better than good weed 
 about to end my two week t break and im soooo excited to smoke lol
 @rileyyking  get that ass outside to smoke bitch im freezing
 just give me a quite place and let me roll my weed
 dude laced yo weed with molly 
 i dont smoke but ill take a puff
 i smoke weed just to meditate
 yes im trying to balance my chakras and im also trying to get this pussy beat up and smoke this ganj
 thats not weed cuh 
 all i smoke is killa  yo bitch look like thrilla you fuckin with the realist  dunno a nigga reala
 when retirement comes with a daily dose of cannabis 
 anyone remember coach kidd amp his smokey the bear only you can prevent bad behavior nonsense
 she woulda gave her cut before she smoked with me  bitch we aint close 
 when retirement comes with a daily dose of cannabis 
 just have to weed through all the bad ones to find a good one 
 she from the hood ya all she smoke is swishers
 @kramsoss he said i found the weed bag 
 when retirement comes with a daily dose of cannabis  cannabisfuturists tntpr
 quick smoke break before the boring economics classss... 
 if u smoke cigs  dont smoke them inside of my house u rude ass bitch
 smoke good weed wit a bad bih
 time to unsap myself n smoke a spliff and take away the thoughtfulness of my last tweet ...puff puff pass lol
 pussy weed amp alcohol  2 hoes they trying to break me off riding in a cadillac i swear my 
 paola dont even smoke bye
 i have an hour break and not an l to smoke i am pist
 i like good weed and bad bitches that can roll it up
 woah whered all my weed go 
 shut up and pass the blunt  on my blunt  bitch ill smoke this to the face and not pass to anyone gtfo my face
 tryna smoke a pound wit yo sonnn
 a wild weedle appeared in slc it will expire sometime between 1248 and 116 pm.  slc monocle pokemongo 
 a wild weedle appeared in slc it will expire sometime between 1248 and 116 pm.  slc monocle pokemongo 
 a wild weedle appeared in slc it will expire sometime between 1252 and 114 pm.  pokemongo slc monocle 
 a wild weedle appeared in slc it will expire sometime between 1252 and 115 pm.  pokemongo slc monocle 
 a wild weedle appeared in slc it will expire sometime between 1252 and 116 pm.  pokemongo slc monocle 
 i be teaching bitches how to smoke man.
 fuck yo cali weed. i love my cannabis from colorado. 
 i just need to smoke n cry n talk a little bit
 lolol .... should kansas lawmakers legalize marijuana 
 @bengsolis smoke nigga we agreed it smelt like smoke ...
 alright listen i smoke and i can tell you that sucking dick is by far healthier for you than smoking  shits nasty 
 now ill smoke a lil reefer  
 when retirement comes with a daily dose of cannabis 
 all i smoke is killer   yo bitch look like thriller
 got this lil gotdamn hoe wit me let me get a gram smoke dat hoe out
 schoolboy q  bet i got some weed banga
 her name is kiara and she likes to eat and smoke....
 higher than the ozone  let me smoke till i die
 finally got some weed down this bitch
 someone pull up and lets smoke 
 051 you niggas hoes. ask fathead about that smoke
 travel. meditate. smoke weed. realistic. has a big ass him self  
 i just wanna smoke good weed with a bad bitch.
 for the health of our kids and our community @royals lets end the smokeless tobacco use stigma baseball for good knocktobaccooutofthepark
 just ready to smoke 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch. and give a good girl bad habits.
 when retirement comes with a daily dose of cannabis 
 oh yeah  we keep our purse and bag items right next to the trays of fucking sick dragon necklaces and weed stickers. 
 buy it  break it  roll it  light it  smoke it  inhale it   write it  record it  mix it  master it  press it up  unveil it
 ah  theres nothing i love better than coming back to my room to weed and tobacco all over my clean desk where i do homework 
 im crying over not having weed amp no one being able to deliver to me  why am i like this
 is it hard to smoke from a bong if you have facial hair
 who can give me a ride  ill give u gas money or smoke with u
 @deadszn anybody who voted no can catch these hands weed is the greatest smell known to man
 when retirement comes with a daily dose of cannabis 
 when retirement comes with a daily dose of cannabis 
 man.  lemme let her smoke her crack rock in peace cuh. 
 four20 better smoke bitch potisnotacrime hilife dab that wax and shatter gethi itsthattime stonedlifematters  now smokeup bitches
 yes he got good weed and dick so yes 
 sunday funday... @lavapors carroes over 60 styles of @rawlife247 rawlifer247 hemp papers 
 head hurting so fucking bad i cant even smoke .... needtoquit anyways 
 house to myself. pull up and smoke
 ill smoke yo dumbass boyfriend bitch
 my boss told me to let him know when i need weed 
 catch me in the club  in a leotard with both a weed empanada and a measuring tape roll in my bag.
 need me a lil baby i can smoke withhh
 @dessiestfu smoke this dick babe
 the weed hits me better in a clean room
 just bouta smoke somebody txt me
  you smoke  i smoke  i drink  me too  well good...   this sunday killa cam @mrcamron is 
 my dog cries when i smoke
 you look like my big cuz gf. you smoke blacks 
 ya bitch break down my weed sometimes 
 only real bitches smoke with me 
 @wlvisuals facts wyd lets link n smoke some thrax go over some footage
 if i get 420 then the god of tap will hand me a bag of weed. cole carter erinsstudents
 weed so good you hoes cant smoke for free
 whos down to smoke with yo guuurls
 i break up my weed while he breaks down his issues
 i hope the ct weed is lit.
 tooo smoked out
 i lost a whole bag of weed 
 @x0x0kaylaa whens ur spring break if its the same as mine  smoke session 
 maybe i should take a break from the weed... lmaoo
 @berniesanders the legislation of marijuana and medical research needs to be established nationally. prohibition due to greed0 cost factor
 ill smoke yo broke ass nigga  bitch
 nothing more annoying than to have some homeless vagrant break into the public restroom  smoke a cig and not cleanup after. 
 its a giantass bag of weed
 all you do is smoke and ride dick stop it 
 @mnares im down to smoke wednesday 
 dying for a smoke
 ill smoke yo broke ass nigga bitch
 @benmaller @dannygradio @eddieonfox @uhbroncofan vlade better hope he doesnt end up in prison. hed trade his left arm for a pack of smokes
 our little smoke sessions while vibing out to music is my favorite 
 our little smoke sessions while vibing out to music are my favorite 
 i love to just fuckin smoke
 hope all my haters smoke rocks
 @mtvnatesiebs lets smoke 
 @mikeeynp happy birthday mikey  hope you have a good asss day amp turnup   smoke fat blunts  
 wheres the fucking weed dude
 and if u got money  shut yo lame ass up fa i fuck yo bitch or get yo ass smoked 
 not ill smoke yo broke ass ngga bitch 
 woke up to smoke till i pass out again
 did you smoke somethin yo like im dead ass... 
 pull up on me and smoke maneeee
 just need a lil baby to smoke with amp cuddle
 goodmorning bitch lets smoke weed
 bitch talmbout she want a nigga wit a 6 pac  bitch i weigh 150 and smoke weed... i gotta 6 pac o dick fa yo ass
 @hightimesmag remember also to protect your skinlong sleeve shirtseven wear a hat cannabiswellness
 if u wanted to got to med school and give your child a better life wouldnt u give up marijuana
 ill smoke yo broke ass nigga bitch 
 me and my coworker boutta smoke up some dope in an alleyway
 cuz my lips shud be black as the street as much as i smoke but they aint
 she smoked newports 
 if there was a yankee candle that represents boston itd be rotting salt  hate and cannabis oil.
 smoke weed till my eyez bleed
 not listening to shit bitch im smoking weed
 it smelt like weed the minute i stepped foot into this school
 @sfrubberboi great hood also like the smokey black suit.
 @klemp ill still out smoke anybody u no bitch
 i dont smoke but letsss take a puff
 ready to smoke
 life @ school is hanging out with real live princesses  smoking weed amp so much reading
 its real  i done woke up plenty of times high from the night i smoked. you started yo twitter over 
 on avg  the girls theyre with arent as hot. put a smokeshow in bed and lets see how the big dogs perform. 
 wheres the weed 
 tonight  smoke  chill w @partychaser at hiphoptuesdays at momos w sounds by  @twentyspinz  9pm2am  no cover 
 ya feelme they look at us like free smoke and dick  
 my bitches swear ima dope fein cuz i rather smoke dope then give strokings 
 lets take it back when we was riding dirty you put my weed in yo cleavage.
 lemme clean a lil then a nice lil smoke break
 i still dont understand y she never met his family. corey said he was always told she the ugly african chick with weed
 i seen the blogs say chrisbrown dont wont no smoke w @souljaboy.. yesterday  now today he bak on his dv shit amp threading hoes lol
 ill smoke yo bitch ass nigga  
 ill smoke yo broke ass nigga bitch  
 im about to be able to smoke on my break since they wanna give me an hour 
 when retirement comes with a daily dose of cannabis 
 i need more friends that smoke and out going   like lets go take pictures  lets smoke and tell stories . lets forget abour ur phones
 @raycasillas13 smoke me then bitch
  ill smoke yo broke ass nigga bitch   
 material thinking amp play can reposition materials like linoleum amp japanese knot weed @ljatkinson shows us how 
 swift girlfriend dont want no smoke with cardi b.
 all i smoke is killa your bitch look like thrilla
 bad bitches deleting me on snap cause i smoke too much 
 everyone tweeting bout weed  its beautiful.
 when retirement comes with a daily dose of cannabis 
 i used to smoke a lil bit  now i smoke a whole lot
 lil pump amp smoke purpp 
 finna go smoke bye
 the steadfast wmec623 aka el tiburon blanco by smugglers has been awarded the golden marijuana leaf for seizin 
 i wish i could play pinnacle soccer and smoke newports for a living too @ thebasedpussy
 hoes gettin exed out man we on ganja
 just realized smoking pot turns me into a huge pushover ...i smoke n let ppl walk on me comfortably
 lets smoke
 bags of kush  who my weedman me
 tryna sell yo weed smoking lil ass blunts 
 lets smoke
 stress and freak out at my first job  relax and smoke out at my second job. balance
 she loves to smoke sometimes she did coke she laughing when theyre aint no joke
 @morgantha sorry. mama always said i had an addiction to quoting stuff. also crack because she smoked while pregnant 
 devin gone smoke weed til the end 
 go smoke your crack somewhere else doc republicans did not vote that trash into existence. the dems and in dependa 
 all i smoke is killer  yo bitch look like thriller.
 ready to smoke this weed
 go smoke weed bitch
 fuck that weed shit ... this white bitch bad asl 
 i went to the author meet and greet and ended up meeting the mayor of indianapolis and the author of the big smoke 
 music been best therapy n now mixed its weed n love n shots best part of waking up out of this jack in the box aint no cracker jack prize
 two for two tuesday  @leafly topshelflife leaflylist medical marijuana detroitfinest detroitcannabiscity 4 
 evis is back from his smoke break me 
 i just wanna fucc my bitch  smoke my bag  count my bag...
 boss just told me that he got thrown off a train at 18 for smoking weed on it. this night cant get any better  i love drinking at work
 hot fudge and a lil smoke 
 i miss my studio back home. i could blast my music and smoke inside... 
 my place will obviously have a stripper pole   bad bitches  henny amp weed.
 shout out to the kids smoking weed at norlin this unseasonably hot tuesday
 ready to smoke
 holy smoke my lag is longer that 15 seconds. this shit is not cool. 
 dad givin me weed  like a boss  d
 she the chick all the niggas tried to talk to  but when it came to me she had a thing for me  when we kick it she roll up the weed for me
 it was nice but your breath smelt like weed  
 fuck laughing. smoke her 
 why do bitches smoke weed while being pregnant 
 theres really nothing wrong with smoking weed  some of you bitches needa take yo head out yo ass amp smoke a blunt.
 whatever i see ya.. ill just smoke this l eat a dick
 going to the bathroom with your cell phone is this generations smoke break
 @bigbenlf4l smoke dick but yessir brah
 holy smokes schmaltzy feeds 19 for a chip shot 42 hawks
 i been ready to smoke since i sparked my last blunt on break.
 if you sell weed to be cool or because yo favorite rapper does it... you lame shut up
 @ssillyhillyy hopefully it does but still the idea if no weed til you get a job is crazy too. ill pass on that
 coach walck hemp. players were saying in the huddle  weve been here before confidence of sn from warwick 5 ot game @hempstudsec2017
 yo  i really think im allergic to weed. my eyes been good all day. the minute i smoke they start hurting like a hoe. 
 last minute testing before smokey 10 goes in the bag omgrobots ppim lznation 
 even if they check my bags im hiding weed from the cops 
 for 2.50 i can go anywhere i want  even if they check ny bags im hiding weed from the cops
 bitches be so rich til its time to smoke.
 feel the ruff scandoulous the moweed smokes i puffs the modaaaaangerouuuus
 la  wheres the dope smoke
 amp smoke me out like ah hoe 
 the weed and the liq starting to catch up to me im bout to die at the gym 
 i got dope in the bag mourning clothes weed in the bag sick ward hammer it crack in the bag hey lock itjames james  @realdonaldtrump
 fuckin amp smoke personals.
 we should play poker with weed as our chips     @kingjsversion
 @evilmark420 that sucks my dogs know better. theyve been taught to ask for weed or the big stems. they love chewi 
 oomf bad but she smoke blacks bruh
 i finally got my own lil smoke spot 
 smoke good weed a bad bitch . give a good girl bad habits
 @loraliehursman toronto  ive given it some thought. nah. maybe a 6 month visit till the smoke clears.
 its marijuana stock out here and snapchat about to go public. 
 it is time to go from chill to lit to pure smoke hot on my feed..waking up some erotic minds
 linda for charter needs to lay off the smokes 
 when retirement comes with a daily dose of cannabis 
 apparently when 2pac died  his dying wish was that the outlaws mix his cremations with marijuana and smoke it smoke him 
 yo im tryna smoke on this beautiful wednesday morning
 in my generation selfie breaks are the new smoke breaks
 its a damn shame you cant get weed in hampton before 4pm cuz all the dealers got fuckin 9 to 5s
 @brittishaccent just to smoke yo 
 this pregnant bitch just got out of her car at sonic to smoke. so smoking is okay for your baby but not for your car  momoftheyear
 smoke break by flatbush makes me want to take a smoke break amp leave this bih lmao
 so yeah you got a couple 100 dollars lil bit of weed a kid and hoe that you call your baby momma. but dont. trash. my. name.
 @kodiac lets smoke
 all you other not me can go read some joel s goldsmith and meditate and smoke weed all day for 7 years.
 twitter   weed  amp music  release all my stress 
 yo who got some weed
 if she smoke ft or black and milds she suck dick
 in 8th grade i put my phone in the microwave thinking it would charge it but it smoked out so i put it in the freez 
 your to cute to smoke. nah bitch you to ugly not to smoke .
 younameitwesmokeit come enjoy our smoked goods at next weeks fat tuesday beer dinner 
 i love marijuana lil e voice
 cause i remember ti dissed him n luda wanted no smoke it may have been after 
 all i wanted was to smoke and these cops is testing me 
 good stuff @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 @ledouix when there is smoke there is  sometimes... will see 
 you amp ur uncle smoke crack together under spaghetti junction on tuesdays 
 all i smoke is killa
 the second hand smoke is real today
 when my bestfriend leaves im gonna visit his mom and sit in his room and smoke blunts
 my uncertain path with green  that i may speed easily onward  thorough flowers and weed.   earlyspring 
 your mcm smokes dick
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together 
 @madeintyo smoke up.
 amp im going to raleigh for weed because i cant take another puff of winston weed 
 good weed  good dick
 im sorry but smoking weed while pregnant is hella bad. ill unfollow instantly if you try to defend it.
 puff  puff pass nigga thats what simon says  fools that hog the weed gonna get carried away
 i just need a bitch to roll my weed
 this freshman in my culinary class just said i can get you purple weed
 who smokes a cig while pumping gas
 idgag if you look like cardi b mixed with lauren london  rhianna  and all the westbrook bitches  if yo ass smoke cigarettes you ugly bitch 
 everything is better with a bag of weed
 yo stoney  you think you smoke more blunts or bogies  @postmalone
 i could be smoking weed but im on twitter.
 fuckin with my nigga ill smoke a zip
 if you catch yourself saying stuff like im an internet personality  please smoke some weed and stop taking yourself seriously.
 cuz fuckthat armageddon  everyone is so hype about overthrowing the government n shit ... i mean  take my weed then ill get off my ass
 i need a lil alcohol amp weed in my system 
 bitch told me to express my feelings my response break up the weed lol rs
 @volhoops @jordanbone23 @idunkonu23 @datkiddrobert @grantwillpds @kylejamal4 go get you some smokey vols droptheanchor sting music 
 dude taking a smoke break on the sw bike path youre. doing. it. wrong. 
 @harvard since u r in2 researching smoke related illnesses  1st take a look at gum fracture  muscular overlap at chin or under the nose.
 dear maga why are repubicans even having townhalls they know soros is brownshirting them. more smoke amp mirrors by the establishment.
 dear maga why are republicans even having townhalls they know soros is brownshirting them. more smoke amp mirrors by the establishment.
 is it a studio without weed in the air 
 you smoke blacks  bitch you dont smoke then
 yo corey got me some good weed
 i got hella weed n rellos in here some where
 have to weed out the bad to find the good in your life. sometimes its just natural progression that pushes you.the show must go on...
 good smoke girl breathe it in
 shout out to those two guys smokin sweet ganja at the bus stop. your lack of fucks to give is truly inspiring.
 mila and her paci. steve mcqueen with his smokes. chillin while mommy has a fitting for a 
 ill suck his dick to get you weed  bff goals
 ima fill and clean with weed though 
 these hoes be killing me how they be smoking these blacks like its weed
 who can i pull up on and smoke with on the eastside 
 @maddow great job getting down in the weeds of the voting for representative in montana. republicans hate voting is core message
 vibing in a smoke session 
 hate breaking down weed... n dont like the grinder because it turn yo weed into shake
 the weedin his hand is what i want 
 full screen  hd  let me take another picture let me pull up to the preshow  ..thats a whole lotta reefer lemme help you with the preroll
 @holymatlin all you do is stuff the weed inside it. 
 would love to smoke a dutch n watch workaholics rn
 i cant stand how someone on the trainbus always smells like alcohol or weed. both smells give me migraines.
 @millimetoyer im just ready to smoke mane. im chilling while yall go drop off the laptop...
 i missed smokey
 baby if you cook and roll that weed ill be so happy witcha
 just smoked 4 blunts and im ready for 4 more  platinum
 tj need a lil heater in the smoke barn  i be freezing 
 i found a bag of weed lol
 yo phone just getting high dab its having a smoke session 
 @punk43rckr i dont smoke because then i gag when i go running but tonight  felt so good  sorry
 i hope my significant other smokes pot 
 you need dick and weed in yo life
 i love when they call me big popa i only smoke blunts in they rolled propaa
 this girl im fuckin wit is annoyin all she do is smoke weed cant even have a normal convo wit her so i just use her for sex 
 i just almost burnt myself laughing so hard. this is why you dont smoke coverages kids
 @celesterodela15 in the fitting room do process of elimination to whatever fits in your budgetprice range  and weed out what youre doubtn
 once i hit the studio again its free smoke
 ready to smoke again
 lmao that weed is getting to your little brain. you tweeting at me but you telling me to stop tweeting at you  get 
 i need a bag of weed 
 give me all your weed @chaseuncensored
 you smoke blacks bitch you dont smoke then... 
 who wants to go to the pier and smoke 
 you smoke blacks bitch you dont smoke then... 
 i usually smoke till i cant open my eyes. 
 was in seattle all of 5.2 seconds and i already smell weed. what did i expect.
 pass the smoke
 i would love to chance and cuture do smoke break lives
 drink a lil bit  smoke a lil bit  aye get fucked up 
 vibing with my leaning and weed
 i want a chick who smoke nd just all for me
 weed culture is fuckin retarded. smoke weed and do drugs all you want but why make that your whole thing fuckin hippies
 yall outside freezing yourself just to smoke a newport...
 nugs of weed lol
 i can listen to wmnf 88.5 until i hear the words  skippers smokehouse. then i just want to take a sledgehammer to the stereo. triggered
 the legalization of weed has nothing to do with the pledge of allegiance. 
 happy 18th to my soul sista my bff @sarynelizabeth love you so much s go brazzy some hella weedand suck he 
 good morning to my hero @tommychong i love you and @shelbychong  for being warriors in the weed wars. 
 your bitch breaks down my weed
 them bitch ass cops probably about to smoke my shit fuck ya
 sometimes we all need a smoke break 
 sometimes i like to chill. sometimes i like to smoke.
 is it lame to sit at your house and smoke all spring break 
 weed smoke  good dick amp conversation.
 when youre unpacking your bags and realize theres a weed filled grinder in your laptop bag you went through customs with 
 you really cant take a bitch serious that smoke milds. you stink.
 the same pharma companies that reported that marijuana cause all kinds of mental problems we now bring you vaccines pharmalies
 4. can we smoke on them bitches 
 all she ready to do is smoke lmao
 escaping from reality includes weed and art
 39 days.  dave parker dude was a champ  pure muscle and savage. sometimes he would smoke in the dugout. redlegtime 
 this girl in my sociology class said that weed is incredible bad for you amp this dude in the back laughed so loud and just said no
 i have to fumigate the grass  remove the outside stickers of the windows  clean up the styrofoam  an pull out the weeds.
 chance the rapper x smoke break ft future gtgtgt
 @justintrudeau @jodieemery  from1 loving parent to another.plz legalize cannabis.not 1 person has died from it. rx is killing our kids
 ready to smoke some marijuana weeds w my bitch later lt3
 @vxnnnnn she look like a damn chimney just puffing smoke. smfh 
 @amerigunner @rnz have seen patients that just had an operation done involving their airway being exposed to smoke just outside. smh.
 @isaacsoliz13 @rickyrock1999 @robertj1 @64jiggabyytes @raulra23 whenever the weed kicks in 
 ted ginn smoke niggas every route he just cant catch 
 throwback thursday. up in smoke @ snohomish  washington 
 only live bitches amp my bitches gon smoke sumn wit me.
 shortraiture of @lawcatchem  smoke break 
 on break till 330 someone smoke
 i put my music on  while the news is on cause matts into politics. we eat  smoke  talk about life  do school stuff  and laugh.its so chill
 yall know the scene from friday when smokey mama just sat on the phone laughing. my mama right now amp its pissing me off  multitask much
 just want everyone to know that my random weed searching on twitter worked out. connect is only 10 minutes away
 @thinkb4youjump easier said then done i love weed.
 i smoke w myself or my brother
 just ready to test out miami weed 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch and give a good girl bad habits
 bouta smoke this l n call it a daaaaay lmfaaaaao no me jodaaaa
 game n smoke is live   
 i dont call them my right and left hands i call them my beer and smoke hands
 i dont call them my right and left hands i call them my beer and smoke hands
 @rrplus im concerned about birds so weed wack or pull by hand. any alternative
 how could you be so selfish to smoke while you pregnant
 lil boat lil gun smoke
 and those bad  bad  bad people that smoke recreational marijuana. 
 my boss parks his truck in a clean air spot and goes im clean air i dont smoke
 full @presssec spin on why doj will be looking at greater enforcement of recreational use of marijuana gtgt 
 just putting it out there that dojs take on marijuana validates my guess that getting a card to be legal worse than just risking arrest
 i come to this family event with my dad  brother  and uncle... so my brother amp i take a smoke break.
 give a bitch some weed and a lyft that deal sealed
 almost as bad as the bitch who told me she could get hella different strands of weed lmao @girls
 im the weed man prom weekend
 you a laaaaaaaaaame and your bitch breaks down my weed sometimes
 oh lord not the weed stuff  please not the weed stuff
 doj can take our marijuana but they cant take away our nightwing movie
 i smoke weed cuz i want to  plus i grow it. 
 lil nigga u sellin weed
 sometimes i randomly remember tht secondhand smoke hurts dogs too and i get rlly sad
 lets smoke some more okay
 smoke weed once and your gonna turn into dumbo the elephant and then i cant help you anymore because i dont fuck with elephants
 tell @seanspicer he can have my weed when he pries it from my high as fuck hands...
 i hate buying weed from my weed man lil brother. 
 i hope o get to smoke with wiz before i die 
 the prospects of taking actions against legal marijuana is insane. itll still be there and money will go to murdering cartels instead
 @lilfacetatt i miss you we havent even met but miss you bitch ill smoke this blunt for you n naomi
 lets smoke
 boutta smoke  yasss its needed
 aye he got that weed too lolol  
 with jeff sessions the stuff he stands for is not a surprise to me. i disagree with the marijuana and i disagree with the private prisons.
 so ready for my brother to come over and smoke.
 vibing in the smoke shop
 wildfire smoke plume n of amarillo showing on radar early this evening txwx 
 pal hmu later well smoke me obv hits pal up later pal get it cuz they fuckin ghosted me
 i need a smoke break so bad rn before i bash my head in
 good weed good dick im good
 breaking white house plans greater enforcement against legal cannabis | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 my weed man is so polite lol
 about to smoke this facial fuck it
 someone should just take my phone away from me after i smoke
 ok so in the uber pool im with two black dudes and theyre both on the phone with the girls theyre about to smoke with and fuck
 where theres smoke theres . @ toronto  ontario 
 i dont get on here a lot  but i just wanted to let this twitter world know @seanspicer a straight bitch for that bs agains cannabis. fag.
 i just realized my grandma smokes better weed than half the bitches on my snapchat..bunk ass bitches 
 somebody smoke wme
 i wanna smoke so bad but im on the crane and i will have to buy several axels
 wheres da smoke
 all i smoke is killa yo bitch look like thrillaaaa @youngdolph 
 lil bihh i met smoke me out sometime me 
 boutta smoke a blunt 
 breaking white house plans greater enforcement against legal cannabis | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 cant be callin weed bad when its all beneficial to you pussies
 in 8th grade natalie stasiuk got suspended for tweeting i suck dick for weed money while in school @natalieeve12 
 bitch lets fuck so i can smoke again.
 brothers who share their weed are brothers indeed.
 all i smoke is killa
 high key missed being able to smoke in my room.
 yo my teacher talks about weed about 20times per class. never fails lol
 play me in pool ill give you weed if you win
 why yo mans rollin up weed stems. smh
 you cant be in my life if you smoke cigarettesim not tryna inhale no second hand smoke and die at 55
 niggaz post good weed and will give it any name
 bouta just smoke till im sick now
 thats the only thing that should make you happy. ya bitch. ya weed. ya bag.
 yo. anyone got weed i can buy.
 boutta smoke and vibe too this hendrxx
 call me while i smoke n talk to me
 boy you so short when you smoke weed you get junior high    akeekeekeekeekee
 hittin bitches like you tryna smoke
 these weed names are so fuckin extra
 why none of the weed mans answering the phone 
 lets smoke some dick and suck some weed
 21 savage waited until like 2 minutes before the club closed to perform. he then proceeded to smoke his blunt longer than he performed 
 lets smoke 
 hoes  liars  partiers  drinkers  smokers  and pushovers are things i will  not fuck with.
 i hate when i smoke too much in the shower and i cant move so i stand there for 8 solid mins wastin fuckin water amp light timer
 @topshelfrecords @rachelbrowne 1251 bc the strokes. but also 420 because its the weeds number. but lmfao 69 is a good one bc im 14 yo.
 @realdonaldtrump that marijuana is a bad thing.  doing lines with bannon @2am while forming policy is a bad thing
 anyone with respiratory problems in metrotown area  close your windows. smoke is bad definite eyelung irritation. 
 hot fudge and  a little smoke
 hot fudge and  a little smoke
 hot fudge and a little smoke
 lol you ratherfir them yo smoke dick 
 how cannabis could turn the opioid epidemic around | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 i know plenty of repubs that smokesmoked weed. now trump is going after them. sucks to suck.
 i need about two bad bitches and good weed asap
 let me get this straight. guns  good weed  bad
 my pup wont pay attention to us... until were smoking a blunt and he jumps up on my bed within seconds. he just uses me for my weed...
 i dont smoke but ill take a puff
 @realdonaldtrump says recreational marijuana is bad amp he feels strongly about it.  so passively endorsing buckets of greasy kfc is good
 the real problem is that he used the opioid addiction crisis to justify criminalization of recreational marijuana. 
 its easier for me to get weed than it is to get coke  its inconveniencing cuz i gotta be ready to piss clean n weed gets in the way of that.
 @jackieperezx smoke a dick
 she want a bag n she want sum weed...better get down n suck me to sleep
 the current administration under djt wants 2 give power back to states re transgenders but hands on states with recreational marijuana sad
 west hempstead were hosting the 2nd annual aprils fool fiasco rockshow at @creativercorner 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch  amp give a good girl bad habits 
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together.
 is gop leadership out of touch with voters on cannabis | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 tonights the night come check out performances from hot pot studios  up in smoke  street team  
 there are only a few things i love more than a free bag of weed and juice n java 
 public executions for all white weed warriors.
 @mdageospatial holy smokes eh... did you just buy @digitalglobe 
 @ampines @mtaibbi no  break out the weed too.
 proactively place good thoughts in your head. just like a garden where you weedor pull the bad 
 bro wooooww that hoe smoked him 
 about to smoke and fly my drone
 lunch break  smoke sesh.
 where the bad bitches the super thick ones the ones that love sex n weed thats my type of girl.
 smoke good weed till my face turn numb bitch im by myself like your fingers from your thumb niggas wanna hate but 
 @thehill @jeffsessions i buried step father@49 yrs cousins bc.of alcohol abusecirrhosis of liverive buried 0 bc of marijuana consumption
 and if yo wings aint hot wlemon pepper sprinkles then you probably smoke newports idk..
 break the blunt down nd put some weed in it 
 i turnd 21 today. made 1k before my feet touched the ground.  finna smoke a blunt amp get my dick sucked .  turnup hope u have a good day
 never share ya weed with no bitch 
 met a tough lil bitch treat her ass like the dope get smoked lil bitch 
 donkeys amp elephants are innocent here... lets go with weed amp guns.
 i just want a bad bitch to roll my weed for me.
 @peruna88 im a total moron when it comes to lawn care. i can mow and whatnot but idk jack squat on keeping it lush  green and weed free
  smoking that gotdamn weed   @adorevicki somebodymuvaa
 @thebhadbhabie looks like she sucks dick for weed
 @m1keofficial shaq really about that smoke...javale seen the old footage
 this is not a drill boys hittin the lc gettin smokes less go 
 @heysawbones @makecomicsgreat you must have missed the weed wacker dick.  
 good cops cocaine pile and bad cops weed pile
 @lindyjo74 business as usual here lol. just a little weed.
 my life so ironic i break the cancer paper off dutches but i smoke cigarettes lmfao.
 i smoke crack bitch know yo smells  
 whos mobile my lil brother want some weed
 let me smoke out ya brib
 i rather give you my bitch then to let you breath on my last bit of indo smoke
 we in @qualityera pull up if you tryin cop something amp smoke some doinks with me 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 ay yo let me put this blunt in yo booty hole and smoke it
 ready to smoke another l w my lil brother  @godamntoby
 them  do you smoke   me  no  them  just do a little puff  me  no  them  cmon cha cha   always want me to do bad things
 @juice3d the weed is all free   
 the weed is all free    justinbieber
 @amytalkington the weed is all free   
 @chloegmoretz the weed is all free   
 @talentinklany the weed is all free   
 @dylandcarl the weed is all free   
 @thefive  pot. what happened to d.a.r.e. 2nd hand smoke  carcinogens  bad example to kids
 bitch i need to smoke
 @jessewelle people be drinking alcohol but bash on weed
 im ready to smoke
 friday night in the big smoke after a week that felt like itd never end. toronto @amsterdambeer @barhopbar 
 i call me sirius black because its like catching smoke with your bare hands
 wheres theres obvious giant clouds of smoke  theres a damn fire honey.
 i should go get my hen but ill wait til i get my weed
 ready to smokeeeee
 my smoke pals dont fwm no more
 i only smoke out of vegas and white owls
 cases of coronas and a lil marijuana
 bitches smoke dick and swear up and down they got they own business going
 it use to take me a whoooole fucking day tooo smoke 1 black
 me when im hanging w @juniusk9 and we smoke a few bowls 
 chillin just to smoke man you lame as a bitch
 matt cant smoke weed and be all bad
 ridicfridays glass o wine n good smokestonedgrandma love robdyrek lovenlife
 your bitch break down my weed sometimes 
 my life was the definition of alcohol and weed addiction but i have turn it around
 whatcha need  good head   a bag of weed .
 better not forget that spit it like i chain smoke newports
 smoke good weed till my face turns numb.
 bruh ezell gone b able to smoke my queen boots and hang out after to eat her dinner. in his draws smfh
 if i could stand at a max station without breathing in a bunch of second hand smoke every time my asthma and myself would both be happier
 bro i used to go here with @hoyclaaren to smoke and catch pokmon  
 honesty.... im out of weed again. tampa.... wtf... hook a girl up.
 and if a leaf fall put some weed in that bitch
 @dannyduke let me smoke a cig with you outside
 wheres all the marijuana  
 finna smoke till i cant smoke no more .
 another working week is over  no chance of stayin sober...i can feel a good one coming on blackberry smoke
 girl riding back in the car with me takes a smoke break im like ok cool.  pulls out a vape 
 @6gearphoto @theoffairshow hell yeah yugs i got a cohiba and gurkah im waiting to smoke lets do this
 i just asked my mom to smoke weed with me and i hope she says yes. 
 @rogerjstonejr oh so weed put you over the edge  eh
 if you smoke white owls you dont love yourself
 i smoke white owls sometimes too
 posting for weed on picktown peeps. lets see how quick i get removed
 if i was a rapper my rider would consist of water  black label  chicken nuggets  weed and more water ..actually just give me beer
 if i was a rapper my rider would consist of water  black label  chicken nuggets  weed and more water ..actually just give me beer
 had weed gummy bears lawd had me clucking big time
 safest place to smoke 
 i love weed. especially weed i dnt have to pay for. boo thang so clutch 
 me i only take baby hits me rips bong spor baby hits my ass i jusr watched that smoke milk from pure white to like brown
 sometimes you just want to smoke crack and be the mayor of toronto.
 trump can suck a fat dick and leave the marijuana industry alone leave it to the experts . you cant ban everything dickhead
 just me  the savage and the weed tonight
 @shesosmooov we can make it happen pull up and smoke lmao
 who tryna get scooped and smoke
 lil smoke out
 who trynna pull up ill send ya broke ass a uber just bring weed or liquor. 
 takes a break from hookah to smoke a cig
 @17aramalii cause ill smoke it with you anyway
 lets smoke a cig together @aidaan
 lets smoke a  @aidaan
 how this bitch broke   pregnant and smokes all the weed her baby pop gives her to sell 
 i just wanna smoke these blunts and catch some zzzs 
 got a whole bag of weed brownies  oh my
 call me the  alphabet boy  cause i keep a  l on me   i smoke good throwin up my  7s  in ya hood nigga  .
 baby it go down when you is hen amp marijuana
 @ishkhan777 nah bro your wheels just span no fucking smoke he was trying to get you to confess
 tryna substitute liq for weed lt
 idk where i put my weed or bag
 whos up n tryna smoke
 corey feldman on best friend corey haims death. 224 where theres smoke theres fire maga keepfighting 
 the cats already out of the bag on legal marijuana  
 i smoke tooooooo much
 12 wapo buried the scariest part of wh prodding ic to call media theres no there  there. smoke. fire.  
 12 wapo buried the scariest part of wh prodding ic to call media theres no there  there. smoke. fire.  
 12 wapo buried the scariest part of wh prodding ic to call media theres no there  there. smoke. fire.  
 12 wapo buried the scariest part of wh prodding ic to call media theres no there  there. smoke. fire.  
 12 wapo buried the scariest part of wh prodding ic to call media theres no there  there. smoke. fire.  
 12 wapo buried the scariest part of wh prodding ic to call media theres no there  there. smoke. fire.  
 is the bitch goin ever smoke the shit  
 some1 smoke by the water w me
 i break a pound of the loud  i smoke it all on my own
 this bitch said come smoke me up at 931 in the morning.
 bitches know my resume eat good  smoke good  ride clean  smell good
 grow a little passion and put it in your hope. roll a little jasmine and put it in your smoke.
 aye happy g day to one my oldest friends  hope yu have a great day ima come smoke you and cahill out in a lil bit 
 fashion and cannabis  319 culture at asd a platform for smoke  vape  ejuice  cannabis professionals  @asdshow
 all you need is a bag of weed 
 if chance a industry plant den taylor bennet like a weed or some shit
 lets smoke and transin
 pklenty smoke n da veno i cudnt even see bkro next to me 
 dying my hair smokey blue  lets see how this turns out 
 keep it real and dont lie  smoke blunts till i die
 @aleeek cmon take a chance a girl who smokes cant be shy
 you a lame and your bitch break down my weed some times
 i dont smoke but ill take a puff been crushing on you sense you had braces on
 this man called me a jug im crying cus i only smoke dope n sip n oz or two here n there but he hits me up for white lmfao but im done now
 the only smoke shop i go to is puffs in humble . they love me 
 corey  trevor smokes  lets go 
 i smoke crack bitch know yo smells
 lets smoke and do this 
 keep the we in weed. smoke witcha boy
 curious to how they destroy the weed because you cant burn it 
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together.
 she break down the weed  i break down the dutch
 i know this hoe heard her say you cant smoke on here
 will i smoke this bitch yessss 
 spring training baseball smoker pitching to skole... pick your poison.
 people in seattle recognized who i was from twitter and gave me free weed. lit
 the baby boomers community youre going to take the smokers out and the bad people out were already gone 
 @autumndavison87 @realdonaldtrump i lean more republican and i like weed but youre right most repubs have a hatred towards it
 i just got a critical catch on a weedle i should get something for that
 @aihalv @kvitlynwilsxn aylin you need to stop retweeting weed stuff on twitter thats bad no wonder u had detention u prob smoked @ school
 gangsters smoke newports.  cowboys dip copenhagen.  faggots smoke dick
 me after spitting a fire ass verse im throwing up smoke themovementisreal jkub jamez @ 
 i cant write in coffee shops. if i cant smoke there  then i cant write there. justsaying
 9th grade class taking home some hardware from hempfield this weekend. good stuff. hoops
 9th grade class taking home some hardware from hempfield this weekend. good stuff. hoops
 bad bitches  good weed  yeah thats the type of shit i need
 elizabeth cook sighting tampa  florida skippers smokehouse 
 chris crepps sighting tampa  florida skippers smokehouse 
 don pawlak sighting tampa  florida skippers smokehouse 
 @xosamarah molly  coke weed e  shrooms  lsd  you name it 
 i cant smoke for a another week  but better safe than sorry
 your bitch break down my weed sometime
 smoke a lil weed but my shit together
 if u smoke and listenin to country music  suck a dick straight up
 this weed got me laughing like a dam hyena.
 i dont want to die from that second hand smoke ....... so        nope 
 those veterans get to sit around the smoke shack in wheel chairs  n wait for somebody to thump their ashes off their smokes or clean the ash
 boutta smoke this and call it a night
 how u want smoke n i know where ya fuckin live
 beginning monday i no longer smoke
 @jmargarito4 he smoke yo dick tho
 lets smoke 
 im really tryna match a bitch on a shopping spree im good with smoke
 bitch i smoke rapper weed 
 @na7han15 shameless  prison break  heroes  weeds  how i met your mother
 cant remember the last time i saw a bag of mids til the mexican cooks gave me a bag of weed tn..
 i smoke that good  but my bitch bad let her count my cash
 wake up i smoke up i got a bad bitch and she roll up
 all i smoke is killer  yo bitch look like thriller 
 kari said i look like a careless bitch that smoke weed all the time on my avi 
 text my weed man while im in the air tell have that pack ready dawg
  my sex better than weed mixed w molly girllll  @pleasureellis
 molly  weed  and vodka 
 @jeraldineilopez lets smoke monday. i miss ya
 pause do i partake in the consumption of marijuana the answer i should yes. 
 yo anyone want to smoke
 some shorties pull up on me n bro amp smoke we coolin..
 the 10 best cbd cannabis strains according to leafly users | leafly  cannabis leafly via @leafly
 im high as the fuck like nigga where da weed at lil snupe
 that weed be a mf sometimes 
 will i smoke this bitch yes prolly fail my piss test.
 lets smoke 
 just a cool lil shawty that like to smoke good gas 
 you lame hoes know when the chainsmoker and the phatso come together  lungs collapse with secondhand smoke 
 boutta smoke amp ill feel 10x better
 off 2nd hand smoke 
 i only smoke organic kush hoe
 meed more amigos to smoke with
 when the bouncer tells you agaaaaaain ... for another smoke break 
 i sometimes hate myself after i smoke
 my hand is smoked
 remember when @jehmahk used to dj those party with uno carti swaghollywood fauni me .. we would all perform shit smoke in the trap house 
 i just smoke weed and kick it
 i wished i smoked man
 life sucks sometimes but hey  at least we have coffee and pizza and weed and lotion and pancakes.
 life sucks sometimes but hey  at least we have coffee amp pizza amp weed amp lotion and pancakes amp music amp art.
 bad bitch  whole lotta smoke.. everything lit
 testing smoked coffee 
 you no and i sometimes smoke crist el  to and i don t trust a lot of you.
 who says its just weed and oxy 
 everyone text her and say ill smoke yo broke ass nigga bitch 
 could this scary finding lead to tighter marijuana regulations @themotleyfool stocks mjna  gwph 
 she said she want to smoke a little weed  well bitch you should of said that.
 the police pull me over like its weed on my lip.
 imma smoke tooka till i lose it
 smoke good weed wit a bad bitch 
 lets smoke
 hey a funny thought was ugly so now hate me cuz im susi n cute men suck it any rather sensitive male he or she ty  n weed n music n ur hack
 weed aint taking anyones weed  love mine as u love urs n cant have my live sorry i got bills ncosts but damn great when find where u b
 meek mill is the embodiment of that i love weed but fuck poor people meme. 
 trying to smoke when youre sick is such a bitch
 @marykatesays chris brown is less than human trash but i bump n grind to bitches and marijuana cant help it
 you having weed amp a lil money not going impress me
 wheres my weed
 my weed habit so close to snortin powder
 dude wheres my weed
 stop by our smoke shop after brunch in westport
 i dont smoke but ill take a puff 
 day 1 of cleanse.   no meat. no alcohol. no weed.
 some1 pull up w a shell amp ill smoke lol
 and now she just walked in with a giant bag of weed from her black buddy im cracking up 
 the messy lives up to its name. @ smoked amp stacked 
 my older brother n i just got high together for the first time lmao n he smoked me out 
 look at what that weed make yo bitch do
 @voted4trumpbut being republican has nothing to do with supporting weed
 cuz its probably easier to get weed 
 this no weed thing is fuckin me up rn
 @simplydeivante @m1904   careful fellas..they new administration thinks weed is the devils gateway to evil...ill take my chances still.
 donot trick on bitches who sit around amp smoke all day with no hustle they dont deserve none more then dick
 finna smoke till i pass out
 my liberties to smoke a cigar and put a sticker on my window
 we should hangout later and we can smoke hookah and bitch about our men gtgt
 love 2 smoke cigs hell ya just got ash in my eye hand me the rette boi ha ha hell ya 
 activists are planning to smoke pot en masse outside the u.s. capitol on april 24. 
 listen to marcus summa  overdose on weed by hot summa np on soundcloud 
 when you smoke mid so yo shit 72 
 i have enough weed for a dutch but i have no fucking dutch. i have not smoked since 10 this morning. smfh
 this is the second bar weve been to that lets you smoke inside.
 intermission check in  pretending to be in bathroom to my mom so i can smoke cig.  also now im kinda drunk too 
 @stewarthaasrcng smoke  so glad you switched to ford. contact me when yall come to richmond.
 look what the weed make yo bitch do.....
 smoke good weed till my face get numb
 my hands look like this  so i can smoke things like this  rawdoublebarrel 
 boutta smoke then eat 
 @cnn good they need to because marijuana is no longer a natural herb. they put too much into.
 some of them xtra weedtos  
 all az weed plugs suck dick.
 im ready to smoke and knock out
 that cancer shit foreal man  you wont ever catch me with a smoke in my hand
 when yo mans spark the weed in another room   and you hear him inhale  
 boutta smoke and bump a lil future
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together 
 just casually in some weeds ss @ fenton  michigan 
 boutta go up in smoke 
  you smoke  i smoke  i drink  me too  well good...  tonight killa cam @mrcamron is taking 
 yo brian got the best fuckin weed in the whole new york 
 and my house is the definition.. of alcohol and weed addiction
 dr you smoke  im a second hand marijuana smoker
 when great grandma has a convo about smoking weed with @malaikaquigley and @paycoonmillet 
 boutta smoke a fuckin l to the face watch some tv and pass out
 this bitch keep yelling out smoke some.... i told that bitch bend it over let me poke some 
 i wasnt feeling good until i smoked a dutch
 lmao tsu smoked him with that fsmash yo lets go
 i smoked a pound of grass and fell on my ass faster than a fat bitch that sat down to fast em
 @diamondandsilk hotdog oscar. i wonder who a lil smokey reminds you of
 it be the hoes that ain ever picked up a blunt in they life that got the most weed smoking screenshots in they phone 
 stressed all day about my tests but the second i broke out that study guide i decided ima smoke a bowl amp let jesus take the wheel amp curve
 nascar | hey fordnation ... smoke has a message for you. daytona500 @stewarthaasrcng @tonystewart @ford 
 i blow the weed on you bitches
 where the weed at roll another one that hoe thought she was bad so i put her on a doobie blunt
 yo weed man suck.
 this bitch cant smoke  
 917 6083052 let this number know he a bitch for starting shit saying he could smoke me then blocking when i said bet
 if you fuck with lil pipe or lil jump or smokedirt or who ever the fuck they are. i real life do not fuck with you.
 second hand smoke is disgusting
 sting singing well  thats a smoke break. oscars
 yo man pull up and blow a 1.7 with you  baby i smoke out the ounce 
 man who tryna smoke sumn. pull up on me im finna roll a couple backwoods.
 im ready to smoke
 happy for tha dawgz that only smoke weed   drugs will do ya   n not in a good way
 desperado  from dusk till dawn the shit when shes the griselda blanco of weed 
 everythings better with a bag of weed.
 two more weeks till i can smoke again baby
 my girls smoke too much amp a bitch got baby ass lungs  i dead ass felt like i snorted a line everyday over break
 pass the weed
 it dont matter where we go slip this hen and puff n smoke
 my weed is loud you bitches is smoking library 
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch.
 pass her off to my bros  like the gas that we smoke
 h18bday i love u sm. i miss skipping first amp getting chick instead and ur fckin christmas music well smoke a blu 
 hollywood screwed it all up at academy.  just like they do in politics.  go smoke more dope you airheads. ha ha ha ha ha ha
 only thing niggas do is smoke blacks and write stolen rhymes.
 i smoke crack bitch know yo smells
 superman with shi @ jerrys smokehouse 
 superman with his nana pat @ jerrys smokehouse 
 there was a puff of smoke and a second envelope on the grassy knoll 
 @themasonhorne be ready to smoke with me this week
 when your weed man gives you free weedgtgtgt
 chance the rapper x smoke again
 im the type of smoker that dont smoke till im dumbfounded just till my own goodness
 im out here really googling smoke shops trying to find out that will sell me a mini rig because fuck this tolerance break.
 i aint gona let you ride my weed bc ion surf
 bally bitch  i smoke so much weed i feel like marley bitch
 you smoke dicks 247 
 smoke dza  wagons ft. joey bada prod. by lirker by the smokers club  
 i want my dying breath to be kush smoke
 sucks u cant smoke on the train need to let loose after getting fucked so hard
 girls be smokin weed and fuckin the plug then callin themselves a trap girl no maam yous just a hoe who gets fucked up
 soooo who tryna smoke a bitch up
 your wcw smokes newports
 @slimstacks oh my god  and this is so true bitch i aint say your ugly ass homegirl could smoke
 high school chirons lips is weed black. 
 who can wash my hair amp blow it out. ill smoke one witcha 
 someone catch this smoke  
 thehighcourt is more addictive than weed. qampa w @dougbenson. @thehighcourt here  
 @kingkavo on weed   jack in the box amp adidas i think not 
 @fco weed is bad. gunz r good
 lastnight indreams at a beach party  lots of weed  2 embarrassed 2 ask someone 2 roll a joint  put a bunch in my mouth amp started chewing.
 @iamsteveharvey off the hook from the beauty pageant mistake. sit back and smoke and nice one.
 people so quick to blow smoke yo the wrong person ass 
 so hyper need music n weed let me try stay afloat always moving me it takes patience im really as say hot to handle as a lot 2 im bi q
 shannon sharpe just tell snoop hook em up on the weed 
 beauty guru now since this is a black smokey eye  wear a glossy nude lip.  me puts on a matte black lipstick done
 i hope you choke on that weed and lean since you think thats a good time ugly ass 
 @walshfreedom why cry your lack of humanity is chilling. rules are more important than people should weed lead to jail too piss off.
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed. i said baby just buy dutches cause you cant smoke for free
 til if someone catches you smoking weed at work youll get fired. 
 she twerking ass naked smoking weed
 like i said  if any bitch want smoke with me call ya brother  ya daddy  or ya boyfriend.
 weed so good i dont even wanna pass all i smoke i killa yo bitch look like thriller
 take me to prom and ill smoke ur dick
 that i smoke good  eat good  fuck good  lol bye 
 ready 2 smoke
 i hate momshaming  but nice thing can you possibly say to mom wearing her baby in the smokers lounge at the airport
 wheres all this smoke cooking from
 i heard weed isnt bad for the baby but you gotta be a fuckin gook to smoke while pregnant 
 bomb head. bag of weed. good food.
 off day. @ famous smokeshop 
 damn you smoke too you need to put your number in my phone. 
 all we smoke is killa
 stop smoking while youre pregnant.  that includes weed
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch
 @shantelachele i also get a lil anxious when i smoke tbh like if the weed is fire im dying in my head lmao
 got a bunch of fire molly weed acid hmu
 951 has been temporarily shut down due to visibility from the smoke near the school.  @collierschools
 drink a lil bit  smoke a lil bit  pop a lil bit  aye get fucked up
 wheres the weed wheres the beef  i got the munchies.
 hooray you smoke... who gives a fuck
 wheres the weed at cont.... 
 if my lips have been on your dick and you dont sell me weed at cost  im gonna burn your house down
 now i got 2 bad bitches passing me the weed
 give out hatred in a bunch then smoke a blunt with my bitch they wont ever capture us
 i needs friends who will pull up amp smoke me out when im having a bad day.
 you know how second hand smoke can hurt your lungs well  maybe its the same with brain surgery hits blunt 
 idk how mfs smoke crack their face looks hella ugly lolol
 senators urge sessions not to crack down on marijuana  via @yahoonews
 the relaxed and happy feeling i get when i purchase a bag of weed gtgtgtgtgt
 every jar is packed with 1 @bovedainc 2way humidity control pack. cannabis packed with boveda retains 15 more terpenes than without. weed
 @imjusjosh lmao that jawn  weediquette  action bronson shows noisey 
 off ready to smoke 
 @yeahokblake lets smoke about it
 boston weed party
 a woman cant fuck a dude whos not her baby daddy while she pregnant but she can smoke weed. lmfaooooo ok
 tune in wed. live abc ch. 8 9am10am @ up n smoke bbq 
 i cant smoke till after my gig on thursday 
 i suck a lil dick  smoke a lil crack  
 alicia keys is a fuckin smoke
 imma keep doing percocet smoking weed n dancing to future but if i die im not fighting it
 tyler lil wayne john legend alicia keys chance the rapper playboi carti xavier wulf lil pump and smokepurrp 2chainz 
 hangin just to smoke boy you lame as a bitch
 lmao you smoke now yes maam gon head wit ya bad self 
 i smoke a lot of weed bitch so what
 the most advanced specimen  20 minutes into venue show weed smoker 
 girls hanging out at circle k twerking to fetty wap playing from their trucks.... im just tryna take my smoke break in peace pls stop it 
 no longer smoke and dark 
 sucks i was the only guy there. molly and weed 
 when i die bury me with a soccer ball and chief keefs weed strain
 @imsoaugsome i hope we go live tomorrow so i can smoke your weak ass fastball
 every night my parents smoke some weed  stay up till 2 am and play nerdy board games together.   its too fuckin cute.
 get smoked too you dumb bitch @miakhalifa
 roll my feelings in a natural leaf then smoke them hoes so naturally.
 bitches smoke so much till they get round you and da gang den they tappin out 
 she smokes 3 a day.. nigga. i kinda hate her sometimes amp shes a lil stupid. but we cool 
 @mattlee980 @cknw @parkboard is marijuana legal yet yes or no if no then no to the motion.
 oh honey  ill smoke ya till im dying
 let me smoke this backwood so i can take my bitch ass sleep
 @onlylawrence you smoked with multiple pregnant hoes tho
 im good at smoking weed and being a sad bitch
 hope i drink and smoke a newport with aaron before he moves 
 my brother really is trying to smoke a square out in this
 so where you get yo weed from 
 i smoke weed cause life sucks
 my brother just told me i look like im about to go smoke a newport.... cool
 lil smoke session retrogangmobilealabama 
 idc i will not smoke while im pregnant
 pour me a cognac peel a little smoke ... so it can numb me inside you will never know 
 @nintendojitsu breath of the weed.....
 i am dead how you suck a lil dick amp smoke a lil crack  
 we need to stop being appalled at each ugly weed and just pull the whole damn thing out by the roots.  trumprussia 
 if you dont smoke why the fuck you reachin for me dutch 
 if you dont smoke why the hell you reachin for me dutch 
 if you dont smoke why the hell you reachin for my dutch 
 count up smoke good with a bad bitch now those my type of good vibes
 clean house when in doubt kick them out  weed out the traitors even if its questionable play on the caution side clean house
 burnt popcorn so bad bad last night  the apartment filled with smoke and now it stinks so bad.
 tell me i give this guy a dollar to get a the bus and he give me a pipe full of weed 
 im going to catch second hand smoke 
 all i smoke is killa
 yo what is it w these fuckin cigarette smokers... im standing up filming minding my own business n the nigga comes right next to me...
 i forgot to pour water into the mac nd cheese thing and now there is smoke everywhere rip my microwave
 good convo  amp good weed 
 all of my spring break money is going to weed  edibles  and gas lololol my life
 when people will not weed their own minds  they are apt to be overrun by nettles. 
 second hand smoke is the worst. 
 all i want for christmas is a bag a weed and two fat bitches amp 2 bags of chips to give em to the fat bitches
 and marijuana is still criminalized. nice 
 a bit absurd  no weed and frosted flakes go hand in hand 
 i hope you have a good weedless day sheakeeper 
 smoking weed isnt an addiction its a release
 @carllately @realdonaldtrump wheres theres smoke
 these hoes getting beside they self . these hoes stealing weed
 caliva  harborside  weedmaps  kiva  all here. all unsure about the transition to recreational.
 more evidence for the complacent class nowadays snl cast members struggle with weed addiction  a far cry from the belushi amp farley days.
  he said got weed   bad bitches   money amp they all 100 pounds  
 you a laaaaame and ya bitch break down my weed sometimes
 i should go smoke on break 
 got weed but no dutch.  smokingproblems
 all i smoke is killa
 that blunt  wheres the weed
 holy smokes roger
 good weed x bad bitch
 im not the smartest man in the world but here is how i look at it. if your smoke break takes you 10 minutes and you take 4 breaks.....
 im at smoked amp stacked  @smokednstacked in washington  dc 
 i just.. second hand.. smoked a cigarette.. fml
 @iglobaldaboy @tomaresco @codywody925 yes dak did some great things  a lot better than weeden and cassel
 @andyreidkc  tony romo and adrian peterson could put us over the top romo has a couple of years left and peterson  would smoke everyone
 smoking while pregnant will still affect your child rather its crack  weed  or newports
 chain smoker x chance the rapper
 theres a fire in amarillo filling up west texas with smoke and dez still didnt catch it
  my teacher just gave us a spring break speech then goes to say if you have any weed left over bring it back to me
 @moiraceit so youll smoke dick but not take it in the butt
 @realyungyogi ayyy if you wanna smoke w an old fan you did 3 years ago in tampa hmu cuzzz. ill meet you in the back of the venue
 ima do the best and right thing to do when youre hurting. smoke some weed 
 @stellyindacut lets smoke
 should i go smoke a bowl on my break yes o yes
 my goal for high school is to turn all of my piers and classmates into smokers 
 youre a garden rose  and that bitch is a weed
 and the government bitches about weed 
 all i want is 2 fat bitches and a bag of weed and 2 bags of chips to give those to the fat bitches
 the little clinic stopped taking patients so im sitting at the urgent care on clime praying to god i dont catch lice or 2nd hand smoke
 @omanreagan ugh i hate when libertarians make weed look bad
 lil pump smoke purpp in seattle on the 30th of this month
 sun setting on the big smoke yyz toronto cityscape @ toronto  ontario 
 you ever smoked with someone  amp just starting crying laughing because they mad ugly  .. whoisyou 
 when you smoken n the smoke get in yo eye mfs be ready to throw hands 
 @habsence @djheavyb250 hahahaha  lets wait til the schedule comes out and i weed out all the compulsive gamblers
 i dont personally smoke cigerts but its a major turn on when other girls do like damn shawty puff that smoke
 gettin ready to smoke  
 good stuff. garlicfries at @sonicdrivein in hempstead  tx  
 the marijuana loud so them hoes follow like twitter.
 and take too many smoke breaks 
 @rebekahdorworth @combatcavscout @xopherfl may want to check numbers  marijuana smuggling has plummeted due to legalized marijuana in usa.
 i dont smoke but ill take a puff
 when we skipped ganja white night to finish all our goodies on the ferris wheel.....lol
 at a restaurant in daytona and its spring break.... smoke show girls everywhere.
 update i smoked and i realized im a boss ass bitch
 my apartment is the definition of alcohol and weed addiction 
 sometimes i need a smoke break
 @taymichelefinn oh  honey  ill smoke you til im dying 
 when mama asks do your friends and you do the weed sometimes  mamastop
 .@katieleclerc tell your fake dad to get it together cuz his wife is a smoke show
 plano texas where da weed at
 had a blast taping @tmsidkshow tonight with @majorcbs @petridishes amp @robbymook. per usual talking marijuana...
 yo lets smoke n grab a neo shake from in n out whos down
 @chsocm will look for the white smoke chsocm      
 whos got the weed in toronto im so dryyyyyy
 qt sold me stale wraps.... if i wasnt so ready to smoke id go bitch
 i put some gummy bears on snapchat and emily goes  are those weed   i felt so bad saying yes 
 live wires down in hempfield  area of rt 130 amp fiscus ln  per westmoreland 911. also hearing outages in n huntingdon amp lower burrell.
 you a laaaaaaame and your bitch break down my weed sometimes 
 @dblandindacut man u playing lol im finna go big worm on yo ass smokey
 second hand smokegtgtgtgtgt
 lil smoke toke ya know 
 ready to smoke some weed
 who tryna smoke pull up
 sorry sometimes i cant take a joke but this is why stupid people shouldnt smoke.  if you get pulled over theyre 
 i dont smoke but ill take a pull 
  a bill has been introduced to end federal prohibition of cannabis.
 ehhh but smoke break  chance the rapper 
 bitches only come to me when they want my weed or dick 
 part 2 smoke break  chance the rapper 
 drink  smoke amp hoe
 pass me the weed  
 i only smoke serious mid with the stems in n a lil dirtto give it a kick miss me wit that gas shit 
 all i want for christmas  is two fat bitches and a bag of weed 
 smoke a lil weed but her shit together.
 bats are so cool like if you put a cig or whatever in they mouth theyll deadass smoke that shit
 lil smoke sesh
 fav n ill smoke u out lt3
 you a laaaaaaaame  and your man break down my weed sometimes
 boutta pull some moves... who tryna get smoked up
   ive finally decided to give back to the ganja community   i hope this helps click the 
 all the moms who smoked weed when they were pregnant ended up birthing babies that grew up to wear vlone shirts
 a good bowl an in a awesome pipe both from cannabis21 c21 aberdeens kindest marijuana 
 lets explore smoke a few blunts maybe pass out on the floor
 time for that smoke break.
 my head hurts so bad i cant even smoke
 some1 smoke with me lol
 u smoke dick nd bleed dick 
 pretty bitches smoke weed   chase a bag  and stay out the way
 ready  set  go @ lavapors elite smoke shop nc 
 lets smoke
 idc if anyone smokes everyday til their lips and gums turn purple... i just dont smoke so i rather not be around it . do you tho
 its not bad to smoke weed while pregnant. your baby gon come out hyperactive as shit tho.
 good. hope this isnt a smokescreen 
 @locoloc600 @nayzia no nay he fuck bitches he smoke wit amp being that your a good friend i know you wouldnt do tht to me
 on god lansing michigan has the best weed around hands down 
 amp your bitch break down my weed sometimes
 never to early to smoke dick 
 if you make me smile like weed make me smile i just might marry you 
 baby it go down when u mix hen amp marijuana 
 @senbobgardner we will take you to the best example of a marijuana club  @studio420 lets give the senator a tour norml
 also lauren weedman is in it for 90 seconds and they are the best 90 seconds 
 wheres all the ganja at 
 happy internationalwomensday @ smoked amp stacked  @smokednstacked in washington  dc 
 me n all my bitches smoke good dope 
 theyll smoke you like a black amp mild
 @kerrymurphy24 bitches and marijuana tho 
 im boutta go smoke wit my bros but who tryna match up  ill pull up
 bitch we smoke the whole ounce
 hear my prayer  lord for my days vanish like smoke my bones burn like glowing embers psalm 102 13
 im ready to smoke.
 i got bills like buffalo  just came back from new york  ill smoke yo ass like a newport  ewezz 
 the only thing that goes unchecked is weeds. sometimes you have to prune. kimberlyellisontaylor wigc2017
 anatomy professor dont smoke but if you so smoke the good stuff
 yo. ready to hear an oboe get positively smoked  the 10s were the best decade for music. the 1710s  that is.
 smoke good weed w a bad bitch
 i love it when they call me big papa  i only smoke blunts if they rolled propa 
 ya bitch i smoke gas i get hella high lmao
 palm trees  good weed  bad bitches  thats all i need
 you a laaaaaame and ya bitch break down my weed sometimes
 sometimes all i wanna do is sit in a dark room  listen to future  smoke amp get my dick sucked  thats asking for a lot though
 all i need is my music  my money  my weed  and a bad fuckin bitch
 52 613 pounds of marijuana worth an estimated 5.9 billion  spokeswoman lt. amy midgett said. it also responded to 35 oil and 17 hazardous
 when i was 16 i had all the intentions to keep it g   take niggas hoes and smoke hella weed with them
 lol second hand smoke
 i dont know why but i hear debos voice in my head right now quit being a bitch and come on lol to bad i aint smokey
 very bad if weed controls you 
 dont be embarrassed to ask your employer for prayer breaks  you dont see ppl embarrassed asking for smoke breaks.
 bitch i want marijuana accessories for my birthday.
 i found love in someone that buys me antibiotics when i need them  and gives me hella weed  and pays my cell phone bill....
 fucked onna bad bitch smoked up my whole re
 and my 2017 nfl team will be ....  wherever tonyromo goes.  i hope he smokes the cowboys.  grind
 yo wheres this fire downtown. so much smoke.
 how do you break down weed
 lets smoke
 aaronjones @showtyme29 smoked combine with great vertical broad jump  has pro scouting day @utepfb @utepathletics thurs. to continue rise
 yall might as well cop a brownie for you people going to different countries for spring break... weed trash out there 
 la gloria cubans gilded age not a bad smoke 
 @apasztor82 @scoutingfields look at that sweet 850 massey combine all its missing is the steady stream of black smoke
 all i need is 2 cups amp some lean and a bad bitch just to roll up my weed
 too bad i cant smoke anymore hahaha
 class  smoke  class  smoke  smoke   eat  smoke  looks at school stuff  smoke  sleep repeat
 have some weed lip balm in my car
 smoke good weed with a bad bitch 
 migos ft. marci amp mula  smoke amp ride prod. @vybe mixed @czogotbeats  
 its so bad i broke pipes and drop the weed
 i do interviews and talk about racism in marijuana prohibition sometimes 
 getting poked by a stinging weed is the worst
 @kirstenpowers give him a chance. u will be jumping on trump . stop  letting  n cooper blow smoke in ur  u dont know where  have been
 @lordrockwell305 imma pull up to yours so u pull up to mine u got my addy so lets play lets see if u kno what smoke is not takin woods
 smoke a lil weed but i got my shit together
  let me smoke this blunt cause im tripping obviously
 all i want is two fat bitches and a bag of weed
 you a sloppy body bitch and suck dick for weed 
 fuck bad bitches  smoke big blunts who am i to tell ya different  you only hear it once
 dear neighbours. your second hand marijuana smokes not cute.
 thats gon be a hard pass from me bitch  smokes boys less go
 when youre at my funeral dressed in all white  pour out a lil liquor  smoke session all night 
 when baes mom blows cigarette smoke in your face and now youre slowly dying  but youre still trying to be polite. 
 smoke this weed til i fly away.
 why i dont where weed stuff  
 i just explained 2time about asthma...2nd hand smokeampthat kind of stuff then tried 2be the example by getting off my lazy assampgoing outside.
 finna smoke amp fly above the bs 
 bruh this nigga smokepurpp so fuccin clean   im trynna kick it with this nigga
 he just look like he ready to take all smoke purpp money lmao 
 bye for a min  twitter. send smoke signals if ya need me.
 this bitch definitely smokes black n milds without the filter on em 
 might just pull up n smoke big weed in the g. 
 about to smoke b forget about you hoes.
 cant call me a crackhead when all i do is smoke weed 
 @liljayy11 @theyoungprincee @alexusbabyy yall dnt want tht we will come turn tht bih to smoke twn frfr 
 today sucked a dick. i need to smoke a bowl
 bitch pass the reefer i got 30 for my haters
 girl lets touch a few roads  let me open your door.. pass you the smoke and show you how this real shit goes
 @breezybabyyyyy kerrick you know i dont smoke.... and im back at the brib
 theres no weed or no food in this bitch
 breaking mark and jodie emery arrested at pearson international airport wednesday night  according to cannabis culture.
 she said i suck a lil dick  smoke a lil crack
 up before dawn lookin for this weed like 
 when people will not weed their own minds  they are apt to be overrun by nettles.  horace walpole  checkyoursources antialternativefacts
 damn didnt get a chance to catch u live next time u come back to the chi lets smoke one bro  
 memphis prolly champ as shit moe  im just tryna see what the weed hittin on 
 let me smoke
 after i smoke this lil blunt 
 mwa presents aroma thursdays @ eden dc ...... hosted by @e4rmdacity pull up smoke your gas  
 she say dam yo weed stank i said i no but bitch thats aint  my weed  bitch you really musty stop playing with me 
 she say tre p yo weed stank i said ikr but say lil bitch ion think thats my weed bitch u really musty gtf out and stop playing with me 
 @startribune thats stupid if you can serve amp possibly die for your country at 18 then you should be able to smoke if you want
 that is why i tell my smoker friends to have a puff for me... 
 eat good  smoke good weed  secure the bag  take trips... amp repeat
 if you ever want to get second hand smoke just take a walk around lakeland
 this is when i learned you smoke hella dick 
 kids going to places for spring break just to smoke weed... smh
 break glass smoke a bowl
 pull up amp smoke
 spring break has begun.. just had some guys come into my work and asked me if i had weed or where they can get it 
 husband and wife behind cannabis culture chain arrested in toronto 
 had to get a new phone...to weed out the real and fake ones
 reminder when the @globeandmail tested dispensary weed across canada  a toronto cannabis culture failed. cdnpoli   
 brand new weed looks better thin my old hoe 
 @mikephager going to be hard to dodge in court considering @jodieemery lists herself as cannabis culture owner in her own twitter bio.
 its going to be a rough spring if you are a kochia weed in western nebraska this spring. getting ready to use 
 but i did want to go to cannabis culture but right now it is not looking good for em sucks but holy moly
 this bitch want to smoke all my weed.
 i would like for vanessa to come over n smoke with me then we can read amp write poetry together that would be so sweet
 yes i put my coke in a weed bag. aesthetic af
 @potdispensary  hope their  some pot smokers out protesting marc emerys arrest
 vpd covered windows during raid of marc emerys w. hastings store cannabis culture. emery amp wife arrested in toronto 
 @hightimesmag that is terrible. my dog needs a weed card
 weakness feed addiction so weed to weave those did not heed head out latahhh  im good so seen hell taught u need both not to eliminate bi p
 weed lol bitches suckin dick for weed 
 some here sympathizing with vpd  which is acting on toronto police warrant. one officer offering to feed cats inside cannabis culture.
 wheres the weed at
 marc emerys cannabis culture raided this morning in vancouver along with ottawa  toronto locations. @bcitnews 
 @justintrudeau cease fire on the war on cannabis free @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen and stop bullying @cannabisculture
 hearing marc emerys cannabis culture will open up again later today. @bcitnews
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 this beat deserve hennessy  a bad bitch  and a bag of weed the holy trinity.
 work hard nd smoke good. lifes all  about balance
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 wtf @ cannabis culture headquarters 
 lets smoke  im down
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 i love it when they me big poppa  i only smoke blunt if its rolled proper ripbig march9th  biggie
 i really just went from a good mood to suck my dick within like 8 seconds .... i need to smoke
 sometimes i just need a smoke break 
 me after smoking all my weed how dare u
 pull up and smoke sumn w you
 failure weeds out the weak willed you fail 7 out 10 times in baseball. this makes baseball player the strongest athletes  mentally. getthew
 this ghetto got me crazy but its more to life than bitches  weed amp mercedes...  dalastdon
 @pattonoswalt holy smokes you were in down periscope
 fuckin with my niggas ill smoke a zip
 i dont know if i have a runners high right now from the exercise or all the second hand marijuana i inhaled outside. denver jogswithjosh
 cannabis culture and @marcscottemery did nothing wrong. weed is harmless and often beneficial. this is bad pr  @ottawapolice. cdnpoli
 treat you weed with respect and break it down by hand xtv
 inhales second hand smoke and acts like hes smoking a real ciggy
 succs ass when none of ya weedmen answerinf the phone
 i live for smoke breaks
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 @justintrudeau stop this end the war on cannabis decriminalize @jodieemery @marcscottemery @danalarsen 
 searching for my balance aka weed
 raids on cannabis culture outlets across canada  bcpoli canpoli @justintrudeau 
 did she inject or smoke 
 all freshmen talk about is weed and its annoying
 @bd2345 i. need. weed.
 you can get yo bitch ass killed over that bullshit ass weed whats popping lil nigga
 time for a smoke break 
 i dropped outta school couldnt pass the sats.. now i got 2 bad bitches passin me the weed  dopemango    
 very thankful that my manager tells me to go out on smoke breaks though
 i just need a bad bitch to roll my weed up 
 tourney17 wow very smokey but good. this would be great with a cig... the barons forge  photo
 @alyssloth im sorry i just hate hempstead soo much obviously
 other writers  do you struggle transitioning between projects for me  its like trying to pull out weeds inside my head.
 wheres the weed  
 you cant smoke with my clique   we smoke os in the whip
 i try to make my twitter more than just complaining about republicans. but holy smokes. 
 @justintrudeau dear prime minister  i believe your actions or lack of them on the cannabis file will hurt your credibility why the emerys
 theres too much weed in this dime bag.
 its the ones that smoke blunts witcha see ya picture  now they wanna grab the guns and come and getcha  ripbig 
 @jessiwahwah those hostile marijuana smokers smh
 my dad just called me a spoiled little bitch he goes you only smoke fresh packed bowls you spoiled little bitch 
 t.i said it best..niggaz smoke some weed  get a gun and forget that they stil a bitch
 i loveeeeee when people pull up on me and smoke
 about to go live while i smoke in a second
 spit yo game. talk yo shit. grab yo gat. call yo clique. squeeze yo clip. hit the right one. pass that weed i got to light one.
