 so proud to be involved cannabitech closes seed funding round to bring topnotch innovation in medical cannabis 
 i was talking to my manager with weed sitting right on my seat looool oops
 that was a lot of smoke.. uhm  
 oh i forgot to mention. my brother said that when he was on his smoke break earlier today  he say a guy in a parking lot with a swordsling
 embroidered weed baseball cap snapback flatbill   dopehats weed 420
 all you do is smoke..fuck yo momma wit a plunger
 @iiiis youre just a foodiccfoo now  no more smoker tybg
 im at 2nd ave grocery amp smoke shop in new york  ny 
 @thetrucker @thedemocrats @washingtonpost   dont smoke. prefer to see the world clearly. no  alternative facts for me. fill your head ....
 college. where your dorm floor smells like weed 247 and you find empty brews in random places.
 do it for smoke he was trapped out 
 if you ever asked for a front on weed youre broke. idc lmao.
 i hate a we can get weed when i get there ass nigga. nigga you better have it when you arrive
 i want to toss my phone every time i click on a video and its ruined by the smoke alarm beeping.
 roof top smoke session  special shoutout to @destinymonique for the @drewestatecigar  cigar cigars elhflaco 
 late post my ride@5 amp b4 dinner smoke @paulacigars @cigarchairman @paradigmpres @mack280 @pistolcliff 
 wow i would never thought i would hear you say that you was the biggest smoker i knew 
 today during lunch a random guy came up to me and my coworker and asked us if we smoke weed.
 first of all  i smoke to get high not look cute 
 my cat just tried to attack a cloud of weed smoke im dead
 my friend travis roommate smoked weed in their dorm room and he asked what the smell was and his roommate said sorry  i farted
 i should probably stop spending money on food and weed 
 sit on my roof smoke this blunt think how shit went diff andget my shit together. . cause im tryna be rich forever
 @emuhwerkman girl smoke a blunt and relaxxx
 i cannot stand a nigga who just smoke all day 
 no real nigga would reefer to his girl as his bitch an no real as girl would be okay with it period 
 cannabakebox  jan  awesome marijuana facts card  side a.   is it just me   or is anyone else 
 hb2736 new relating to certified smoke shops. 
 some people would rather see u get piss drunk at every college party but god forbid u smoke a joint and watch a mov 
 a03217 new exempts the sale of fire extinguishers  smoke alarms  heat sensors and carbon monoxide detectors for... 
 cause im not here to blow smoke in your ass to see if it goes out your mouth
 i just encountered my first fire while working.  put it out but now everything im wearing smells like smoke. lit
 my dad just asked me to stay at my parents house tonight to watch the dogs cus theyre staying at foxwoods. lit get to smoke in the crib
 @dimiccooo i think im gunna throw a reefer party for the super bowl but i think im free on saturday
 only reason niggas get weed from there is because niggas out there from 78 am to 2 am.
 everybody know that block got trash weed tho its like the weed version of hope and somerset. you from philly you know bout them blocks
 skip weed went strait to raw i got weight to off
 im the type of nigga that would smoke a nigga for my girl with no hesitationtake it how you wanna
 ty weed ily
 @mdsenate @larryhogan @marylandnorml @mdcpcoalition passing responsible cannabis tax amp regulate legislation would add  4 ed amp crim just ref
 gas wat i smoke nigga
 he really just called weed the devils lettuce 
 im a excessive weed smoker thats it  no xans no lean none of that dum shit
 i hope i get a apetite after i smoke
 time to smoke and then run 
 and im tellin the office yall niggas took yall smoke detector battery out  
  we texted for like a day. amp you smoke a lot  but u cute.
 blow my smoke in the sky still ignoring advice on the roof getting high
 dont smoke dabs  you cut off ur boys... @aarbitelli @joe 
 wyd after you smoke this 
 @sabertrooth @tamibennettkmtt @marcorubio demagogue a little too paranoid. lay off the weed andor see a psych. well be okay.
 all broke niggas do is smoke lol
  im turning into a weed head...
 i have nothing against cigarette smokers  but i hate yall dirty ass
 drive thru vape and smoke shop. ive seen it all
 so to all the folks who smoke blacks but not weed wyd
 why dont we smoke cigars for sorority recruitment tf
 cavs finna smoke these niggas
 car with hadooop license plate  emitting clouds of vape smoke
 lots of thick black smoke 
 just foreshadowing that fulmer will be the next ad. like when smoke billows from the vatican when they have picked 
 @nasa if yu put a car mufler electron magnet lazer guide gas smoke emition and yu can se a titanium item az the lazerz to be beter made
 gas what i an smoke nigga
 i swear when i blow smoke in his tank he just sit there like shiiit thanks pops
 smoking marijuana  eating cheese doodles  and masturbating do not constitute plans in my book
 its gunna be funny when ur puffing on black smoke next time
  youre my puerto rican bf  patiently waiting for the mexican food  cigs amp weed 
 @verycoldwater add whiff of stogie smoke  kicked up boots and guitar twang
 yall philly niggas be looking smoked out and dirty
 this fire looks nasty probably burning fuel  rubber  plastic. thick black smoke. very healthful  im sure. ucberkeley miloyiannopoulos
 these fucking pigs need to leave the apartment so i can smoke my devils lettuce in peace.
 @devincliver i wish i could have you blow the smoke in my face so i could inhale it.
 all my weed bathed in gamma rays
 omfg a dude i matched with on tinder just sent me probably 20 lbs of weed in mason jars im dead
 i love a @cdmcigars my favs. but anything smooth and wrapped wellampthe size of a 5 i am not allowed to smoke them a 
 why is there no weed etf
 i smoke my weed   look cute asf daily   and mind my business . fuck all the extra shit
 @espizzy dont smoke weed
 had to fix wifi in a real live trap house today endless niggas endless weed smoke 2 toddlers and a new born lmao
 yall let your employees smoke the devils lettuce couldnt be my battle buddies.. @usarmy 
 new @cheftrez discuss whats a top tier battler  says he will smoke @johnjohndadon  
 @angryfan007 new chef trez discuss whats a top tier battler  says he will smoke john john da don 
 @unbiasreview  new chef trez discuss whats a top tier battler  says he will smoke john john da don 
 @jayblac1615  new chef trez discuss whats a top tier battler  says he will smoke john john da don 
 @bullpenbattles  new chef trez discuss whats a top tier battler  says he will smoke john john da don 
 my bf just broke up with me today but just asked me to smoke 
 a nigga thatll listen to kehlani  vibe  and smoke a blunt with you gtgtgt
 did he smoke one of those 10 lb joints yall be talking about cuz this probably what id do after that shit too 
 im just tryna smoke it off but its not working anymore
 these dudes just hotboxed the living room with vape smoke 
 and we smoke like broke down mufflas 
 i be on the block say i used to smoke reefa  now i play the block big pump street sweepa   meek
 when i run out of weed  
 hecka weed
 i asked my brother to move into an apartment with me and he said nah i cant afford rent because then i cant afford as much weed 
 niggas used to pop 12 triple stacks in 3 hours or less  get grams for 30 and never paid for weed. we was da plug.
 nigga spit all on the weed lmao  
 hb2747 new relating to cannabis. 
 quote from bunco with our moms  im going to try weed when im 65. @saragonzaless @rachel
 lmao was giving free smoke 
 all yall boys wanna do is sit back  smoke weed  break hearts  fbgm  and say bet 
 happy birthday jit  cant believe youre finally old enough to buy your own dutcheslove juuu  smoke some fatties  @shagenakonnor00
 rich nigga shit smoke 2 pounds in a week
 you ever change smoke spots then look up and forget where the fuck you went
 do it for smoke he was trapped out
 fuck az lol niggas cant smoke out here 
 im in da rari nigga smoke up
 wish someone was awake to smoke a blunt with me .
 if you wanna piss me tf off. blow smoke in my face while we blazing. i fr dont like that shit
 @ahmc74 then across the street at smoker friendly there was 2 staties searchin a vehicle. the shit was crazy. all within a 2 block area
 its a lot of weed smokers in the apartments where i stay and i know they name and face cuz i serve them everyday
 smokin weed under star projectors
 niggas be trying to use weed to bag girls. some girls go for it. im not that female i purchase my own shit ion need to be smoked up match
  youre one of my favs and if i ended up moving up to chula well hangout more and smoke more 
 nothing more unattractive when a girl smokes a cig
 if you a weedman you work 277
 i smoked a blunt then smoked two more  then i just felt like nappin. when given my druthers im mixing downers with uppers.
 has what i smoke nigga
 gas what i smoke nigga
 after about 4 years of staying away from it  i finally smoked the devils lettuce again 
 sometimes i like to smoke dead niggas so i can sleep like them .
 gas what i smoke nigga
 when @youngcabbage69 comes to get me this late to smoke its simp hour
 all of these lil bitch niggas think they run my city. heres your applause  but boy you need to stop. only plug you got is on weed 
 play w my hair give me affection..do sumthinn lemme smoke my blunt in pcee
 i was talkin bout weed 
 who wanna lemme smoke in they crib
 @davidvamp1 actually i asked auburn fire that same question and they say there were working smoke detectors. always good to hear  @wgme
 by higher education  was @realdonaldtrump giving a shoutout to 420. youd have to smoke a lot of it to link any 
 obama had 8 years to reschedule our marihuana 
 jit look 1213 smoking weed  
 i smoke before mathematics
 @rtcom that canadian weed is creating some serious munchies.
 once again trump blows smoke on twitter. we know you and the republicans are struggling with obamacare. stop messing around with dumb tweets
 talkin bout weed bro  
 me either i was talkin bout weed 
 @zpt2 low key hate him and stephen a.  the only part i like about stephen a. is when he says stay off the weed 
 i was talkin bout weed bitch 
 people who smoke in their car with their pets inside piss me off
 high rez radar picking up smoke tails from prescribed burn off i20 drifting into the county. if you  smoke  this 
 if anyone is willing to smoke with me ill throw u cash
 im not even a side nigga ima  smoke nigga 
 things like smoke in the room  spiders coming down from the ceiling  ghosts and all kinds of crazy things.
 @onlinegrifriend only bold on the tl not in the dms not tryna be one of the dm niggas to get broken down like some weed
 its like im getting paid to smoke when people throw money on a blunt  i love it.
 i think stay off the weed is stephen as catch phrase
 you know you have a problem when youre scurrying around the speedway parking lot with no shoe laces searchin for half smoked cigarette butts
 lol or i guess it was probably the weed.
 we walking out of hollywood park and they talking about biggie got smoked.
 i was joking about that side nigga shit this girl tryna get me smoked 
 @kingcharlesthav bruh when u and @vibewite gon slide out to my side n smoke wit a nigga been too long
 @keatondnichols you dont have to be a smoker to get lung cancer
 @youtube one of my favorite weedtubers. cannabis vlogs are the best.
 im tryna smoke ma neeguuuh  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr  
 lmfaooooooo sameeeeee thats why i try not to smoke w someone i think is cute  
 i smelled gas  then smoke  then saw the smoke  then saw the fire on my carpet as i was trapped. chiiiiiile. there is too much smoke.
 yall really smoke for a living 
 bourbon. sugar. black walnut bitters. orange. and smoke.   jimmysalemi you be killin em with 
 nothing is more painful than seeing a snap of someone pretending they know how to smoke amp they fucking waste a hit bc they arent educated
 @coyotoy that movie is great  im down for old movie nights. we have weird vhs parties a lot if your into that.  food  weed  vhs
 where is my weed nigga 
 who has no plans tonight and wants to smoke andor chill with people
 that nigga tracy be stuffings 4 to 6 grams in each blunt he smoke  nigga can out smoke snoop and wiz
 if you can afford to smoke everyday once or twice if not more. you can afford a 50 cent card from dollar tree for your girl.
 is the weed fie tho thats whats important
 if anyone knows where to get medical weed around this area slide into my dms soft n said pls thanx
 behind the back pass arvydas sabonis  rare intelligence you know im smoking weed in diplomas
 biggest turn off for me is when girls smoke  dont @ me unless you agree
 come and smoke one with ya partna we can get nasty cops and robbers
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 13400 block of ne sandy blvd  portland  or portland fire rp17000019774 2115 pdx911
  i have witnessed niggas go buy liquor.. weed.. plan b.. a room but niggas never buy a box of condoms.. like niggas b committing suicide
 im reborn in the ash and the smoke you never cease to amaze and inspire me. shoshanabean 
 who has weed  dm 
 some random guy just offered to smoke me out lol
 premo weed
 blow more smoke than a broke exhaust
 because youre probably from a place with garbage weed 
 so to the security niggas that politely ask you to put out your weed in the club lol..
 if you smoke bogies youre nasty  idc
 brought colorado weed  whats good
 i brought weed 
 gas what i smoke nigga
 if ur awake hmu lets smoke
 me i like hows there weed there ty ... thats lettuce me oh  someone help me
 @boltmutt ideal date boxers  blankets  weed  and cars 13
 sitting in a dicks parking lot in shoreline watching the car next to me blow smoke rings at his gf. i made it ma.
 sitting in a dicks parking lot in shoreline at 140am watching the car next to me blow smoke rings at his gf. i made it ma.
 @wwebitches @torrie11 @christyhemmedtf i gonna not piss in the bathtub  straight up on the ceiling  hopefully a smoke brings dick down.
 thank you shepard. there is a lot of smoke here. flynn is a traitor  simple. hopefully he will be charged and locke 
 a field  of dandelions can be either a million weeds    or a million wishes  ..  just depends on you
 a field  of dandelions can be either a million weeds    or a million wishes  ..  just depends on you 
 ladies  do not date a boy who thinks it is cool to blow black smoke from his truck. this is not an adult.
 be on the look out for @goodwoodbrewings hemp gose in the trade on monday 
 nicki could never  will i smoke  this bitch yess probably fail my piss test 
 so tired of the heads amp pundits using the excusei dont want 2get2 wonkyget2far into the weeds ect like we r 2stupid2understand what...
 florida artist @rudeboibgmg rocking that exclusive smoke one hat by 
 @7yree7 if only people knew how common weed be in folks system lol i found out theres so many teachers that smoke weed like its cigarettes
 important detail about nevadas pot club proposal casinos could try to allow marijuana at a bar  but not at card tables or slot machines
 everyone get on the flo. let me see you chowder rolltruffle lobster smoked corn salad  ltop  and crispy old bay po 
 catch me at tha smokers club 420 
 especially when i barely get a lunchbreak how mogs get a paid smoke break
 nigga it was our weed when we was smokin it
 met a dude through work that claims he trains nurses  while he blows vape smoke in my face. bitchplease
 giving up on weed is so hard  i been smoking since i was 12. im 22 now 
 i just wanna get paid to smoke weed amp discuss conspiracy theories  is that too much to ask
 black party is weed party. 
 what if i have lung problems amp dont smoke at all 
 school must be out today  because im the only person at the mall not getting dryhumped by their weed dealer.
 @realdonaldtrump aliens 911 marijuana common give us something that would throw everything off.
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 2500 block of ne ainsworth st  portland  or portland fire rp17000019888 1046 pdx911
 we cross bridges when we come to them amp burn them behind us with nothing to show but smell of smoke and the idea that our eyes once watered
 wyd after you smoke this 
 chief forte says hes working to weed out officers who dont treat citizens fairly  via 
 dude either smokes a lot of reefer or hes transporting dead bodies.  you decide. 
 pretty sure the dude from extreme pizza is smoking weed with all the high schoolers that smoke in my parking lot lmao
 real nigga till they smoke me
 pace emphasized best player available saying glennon allows him to go that.  looks like no qb at 3 @mikebrez5 unless its just a smokescreen
 @tinkertoy5 thank you so much for your purrs and prayers for my smokey. he was injured by an animal attack in our yard. 
 wheres the fire downtown lots of smoke 
 its crazy to think ive been smoking weed since i was 13. my lungs are probably all fucked up lmao
 rfd working on a smokey fire by allen and litchfield st. roc @twcnewsroc 
 officers from the northwestdistrict recovered 30 pounds of marijuana during a drug investigation 
 first dab of the day...... @ inhale smoke shop 
 i heard if you smoke enough cigarettes you look like jared leto from suicide squad
 @tdizzy thats where i was lol dorchester ave goes to the south end lol i was gonna see if you wanted to smoke 
 playing mario party with my thots break out the weed and the drank  on the spot
 420 cannabis cup
 when i think caseys been in the bathroom too long i turn off the wifi. smokes him out everytime.
 we all know that one bus station philosopher who drinks that black coffee and smokes his cigarettes like they tryna get lung cancer
 you can really see the smoke from the fires in the panhandle and western oklahoma this evening in the western horiz 
 you can really see the smoke from the fires in the panhandle and western oklahoma this evening in the western horiz 
 would you drink with a nigga   do you smoke weed
 @oldgravy the daily moose  oil  and weed
 now hear this  there is not only no fire to den lb brandon marshall trade  theres no smoke. its a fabrication.  end of transmission.
 cfd on scene structure fire 2000 block of burgundy dr house with smoke showing @wsoctv 
 lol luckily i smoked before hand cause you know they eat fantastic at those old folks parties.
 i smoke like there is no cancer
 hit the blunt  held in the smoke   kissed my nigga then blew the smoke out.. thats one for the books 
 cute girls that smoke...such a damn shame. you killing yourself 
 it super unattractive when girls smoke
 fuckin hate cigarette smoke  dirty as fuckkk
 it is not easy to weed out the roots he planted in me
 would you drink with a nigga  do you smoke weed
 lots of smoke but no fire yet per @donlemon @cnn where there is smoke there is a smoke making machine john f. kennedy @potus
 a lot of smoke but no fire yet @donlemon @cnn. where there is smoke there is a smoke making machine john f. kennedy @potus
 brand new wave marijuana clouds httpst.cow48dufl10n 
 i need to delete my tweets before smoke see them 
 im a week behind on homework time to smoke weed
 yo a vape is like sippy cup for weed
 smoking snowman weed straight from cali bay area any nigga can get gas but if u tap u smoke different strains mob r 
 i just smoke weed when im hungry its been working so well 
 man wait why this nigga say the weed was behind the seat when he copped today from renz 
 i really googled planet filled with marijuana tho 
 no one wants to deal with cigarette smoke in their face and people so drunk they interfere with the quality of a concert. js.
 ampa smoke a faaaaaat blunt 
 always on the verge of getting kicked out the club for rolling weed smh
 i love marihuana 
 @operation100 heavy police and fire presence  code 3 arrival  21400 block of w. 64th terr. must be medical  no smoke visible.
 30 000 grams smoked 
 i rather be ur nigga  so we can get drunk and smoke weed allll day
 hb4224 new relating to the expunction of certain records involving marihuana possession. 
 so this guy just smoked 2.7 grams. sounds a lot. has anyone did more lol 
 you guys are wanna see a shortcut to feeling disgusted at yourself @ smokes poutinerie hollywood 
 i smoked with my uber driver at my boys crib and he left without giving me ride home
 @specneedsmom4 count your blessings. not everyone who smokes gets lung cancer either.
 @chrislhayes not everyone who smokes gets lung cancer either.
 who litttt smoke up drink up random@adevkture fuck it lol
 when i smoke i get talkative ... i even tweet more
 via @npr president trumps voter fraud investigation is off to a slow start  smoke amp mirrorschaos is real plan.
 @huffpostpol @laurenweberhp  surprised i dont see smoke and mirrors. single payer is the only solution 
 standing in the porta potty line next to a dude getting his pre race smoke on. dont think thats what they mean by smoke the competition 
 swear my weed be disappearing 
 bitches say im cocky prolly kuz her nigga broke  he working out a half oz  i buy those to smoke 
 knox yesterday 2 troopers patrolled us50 amp us41 for 4 hrs and issued 11 tickets 17 warnings. one driver was cited for poss. of marijuana.
 knox yesterday 2 troopers patrolled us50 amp us41 for 4 hrs and issued 11 tickets 19 warnings. one driver was cited for poss. of marijuana.
 anzaaguanga location is an area marijuana growers are targeting to set up shop. buy land now. 
 @tappi16063497 1 so others  such as a smoker who got lung cancer  say  could be denied health insurance under the same logic
 he wanted her to get her own weed card bc she was smoking his all up lol. he had enough.
 @ganjaisnodrug what are you gonna do about it  kiddo your going to deal with it. sessions and trump are coming for your weed  dipshit.
 damn she probably bought her own ticket too...just to smoke some mid and get wack dick lmao  shit is tragic...and then got kicked out...
 want to know where your marijuana was grown yolo county experiments with fieldtostorefront tracking system 
 when working out next to a person that smokes. 
 you kicked her out because she smoked your weed huh 
 when youre all hype to smoke the dutch but then you realize no one brought a bic @ alley pond 
 like weed a lot
 thats why i havent taken an iphone selfie in 5 years. that shit is smoke and mirrors in terms of physical perception.boss up and get a nikon
 us cigarette smokers are a dying bread.
 niggas started this by trying to smoke out females then smash. but in reality the female just smokes amp then leaves. 
 its so hard to clean after i smoke fml 
 name one person doing 15 years for a gram of weed and i will delete my twitter account dont worry ill wait  
 ugh i really wish cigarettes were banned at the beach. nothing worse than enjoying some sunshine then suddenly get a lung full of smoke.
 i hate when niggas say they weed  and its 
 my fam amp the funeral home might be appalled  but you better smoke one for me 
 if i smoke and dont have some sort of spiritual awakening its a waste.
 @carlylewis @globebooks wow. you can smell the smoke from the gun reading this review. crisp  crisp  crisp. love solnit but agree with you.
 real quick tho ..   i hate when people complain about the smell of wee in public places .. not smoke . just the weed 
 tryna smoke some and hit the mall 
 steps on on porta sand smells weed where you at bruh
 caroline brought me weed again  this bitch
 come and see me at the smokey hill craft fair. im the posh girl in the pink and black posh iamposh poshboss
 ima throw a reefer party one of these days.
 can i buy weed with a credit card
 about 95 sure i just saw someone smoke some meth in the mcdonalds parking lot
 lemme just smoke this 
 still honestly and truly amazed a nigga told me a blunt is .5 grams of weed... only in virginia.
 whos gonna be there after the parties amp weed your boys ha i dont think so.
 the weedman can expose any nigga on social media talkin bout he gettin money
 when youre smoking and the smoke gets into your eyes ltltltltlt
 teaisha tryna go all the way to ucm to smoke... just irritating lol. we can stay local.
 cheap travel rates in expedia from april july is the slow season amp airline ticketshotels pkgs  book your ganja ad 
 females that smokes cigarettes are so unattractive eww
 you swamppeople will be weeded out  one by one if necessary @preetbharara yourefired. ty @potus @realdonaldtrump 
 im gone put this weed in my system i know you gone turn on me ....
 that girls going to die because  i dont whont to use   get the weed grandpa  his the nady god  right now
 why was i so disgusted by weed  
 where better to put out your smokes jess scotts telly boys ashtrays are now in stock @ 
 too much weed. if anyone is looking for a root cause of the current dutchturkish crisis. no rationalist explanation would cut it.
 the girl pizza hut asked for 10 cents but instead i pulled my big ass nug of weed  oops
 all old niggas smoke is wax 
 you niggas are not built for this you niggas too soft you aint neva smoke no thrax if it aint give you lockjaw 
 @rumfordjohnny @2qbffb @laketwoqbs @heathcummingssr no drinks. no meat  no sports im guessing hes not a weed guy  either. gift card it is
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 9600 block of sw barbur blvd  portland  or portland fire rp17000020227 1606 pdx911
 today started my braless week of 85 degree weather  and cheap weed. florida is where i belong.
 talking bout girls should be treated equal... ok soooo throw that 5 ur ass aint getting a smoke up  but nahhh
 clean the living room. go out for a smoke. come back inside... sigh having a kid really blows sometimes. 
 end of 3 hempfield 41  @wmallenbball 34. allen unable to get many easy looks. in 2 losses  canaries scored 56 and 58. on pace for less.
 was talking about weed to my sister in front of 3 cops lmao. oops
 how i know im a bitter old lady already  turned on my data to tweet why can you still smoke in bars 
 guys that smoke and drink   ah se ven 
 dont need no weed im nasa high
 i aint ever turning down cause im party hard mike bitch this weed too loud moses 
 i finally smoked moonrock my nigga i am happy
 god gave me all the keys to success. good looks  height  intelligence  wit  great teeth. yet i decide to tweet  smoke weed  and rap. 
 currently by a lot of cigarettes smokers 
 @shealane89 ok...you smokin the reefer cus whats this tweet
 and i just got my medical marijuana card 
 cant buy happiness but ya can buy weed
 i done smoked tf outta my auntie crib. 
 california we put weed on billboards
 dillion says alyssa smokes her vape like thomas the train... 
 niggas deadass be on facebook home of the boys like who got the gas  niggas deadass respond amp tell the world they sell weed 
 seventh person arrested in connection with mendocino county marijuana growers death. 
 lol my dad smoked 2 briskest amp 2 pork shoulders...  alex is about to find out how mexicans throw babys birthday parties
 according to my grandpa if youre trying to get high place  a damp towel over the smoke detector in your hotel room amp it wont go off
 the more i smoke my vape  the grosser cigarettes taste 
 thank god i have these black an molds to smoke or i would probably go crazy.
 i love it when people come up to the door and blow vape smoke all over me before they hand me their ids.
 we use to smoke weed an get money by the tons  this was way b4 niggas was playin wit guns
 @realdonaldtrump look at this poser trump you barely filled the front of the mall up.obama smoked you  both times. 
 @wwebitches @cp24 @cramersshirt @grassosteve @realdonaldtrump @albion spence smokes for the last 64 years and ain 
 i was at a gas station with my in laws and a random old guy asked if i wanted to smoke and drink beer i was fucking scared 
 @flowerxmouth its a sad day when the straight edge kid smokes the devils lettuce
 the quickest way to piss me off is to blow smoke in my face
 @wwebitches @cp24 @cramersshirt @grassosteve @jimcramer @nascarlens dave oakes has smokes tony the smoke @14 car  dorothy tony the smoke
 i need some more piff i know my weedman sleep
 i dont need a rec card to buy weed anymore
 guest essay government smokescreens hide accountability  roc
 if yu ask me to smoke after today ya cut lol
 @collinskevs @ogetoalex love walking but cant do so in nbo without choking frm vehicle smoke emissions amp dust. saveourpeople
 @malpo i smoked with them niggas after the after party
 portland im comin for you. get ready nw cannabis club is where to sesh with me anybody 
 if yu ate shrooms before yy shud smoke em
 so brothers r being executed by our cops who our tax dollars pay their salaryover cigarillos amp weed. but roof  dalmer  holmes taken alive
 im bouda smoke this poodae amp read yall tweets
 @katramsland lavrov seldom smokes but believes antismoking campaign in russia is excessive 
 its 2017 and niggas still giving their weed names face palm cut it out man
 @hugeshow haters i say put them on dc9  have them try to take off in the wind then skid 400 yards off runaway with smoke filling up cabin
 today my grandpa turned 80 and he asked me for some weed and a pipe. shook
 me so what as i roll weed and read this book. 
 like why would you smoke with your little kids in the same vehicle that shit pisses me off
 ash my black on your shoes amp blow smoke in ya face
 @aylanx @nova80157112 @wiininiskwe im hoping hes radical marijuana but hes probably just christian heritage.
 went to sleep at 9 last night  nigga too rookie on the weed
 i be having over 400 worth of spending money in my account amp im always tellin bella im too broke to smoke 
 @darkmaple @ottfire liz was saying oc has been directed down her street 1st time in 20 years. heavy smoke in area..
 most important media for vatican smoke godatsxsw sxsw
 all yall heard was cannabis 
 vibes....@ogspazz .......what officer its just marijuana...bookstudiotime onlinenow 
 smoking weed is so not cute. pretty sure im trying to get high not look cute.
 well probably never smoke together
 roll it up light it up smoke it up
 if you knew you dont get paid until next week  would you spend the last of your money on weed qotd
 biggest oops in spring break would probably be the car smelling like weed
 syrian women thanking u.s.  forces because isis wouldnt allow her to smoke cigarettes. in 20 yrs when she has lung cancer shell thank isis
 my little brother just asked if weed was a type of bread
 whats the best place to smoke some cigars in the chicago area @cigaraficmag
 i was at the smoke shop and saw one called black pussy 
 stop using niggas for weed
 full response to dollar tree at 1800 missouri st.  light smoke inside the structure.  units on scene investigating 
 i want the pictures of obama smoking weed framed for my dorm room
 as the marijuana burn we can take our turn singin them dirty rap songs
 update on structure fire at ben lomand hotel crews arrived to find smoke in the basement  1st and 2nd floor. hotel evacuated  80 people
 the smoke then entered the ventilation system of the hotel an produced smoke on the 1st and 2nd floor.
 @bryancarroll21 dont get smoked by a terrible bc or mediocre st johns
 @locylucy i only buy weed and cigarettes
 where theres fire theres smoke @larryt1940 fired u.s. attorneys coy tweet suspicioshe was investigating trump 
 when i tell my boss i cant stay late because i have plans... those plans are simply smoking weed and eating food.  datewithmaryjane
 ion smoke nearly as much as i used to  baby ass lungs got me looking soft  i aint for none too so lemme get right 
 we used to smoke together she had physical issues too she was awonderful person  an orthodox lady working wpeople living waids i miss her
 my manz is probably coming over tomorrow and hes bringing weed and im really excited 
 @charlesmblow mr. blow  there is just way too much smoke for there not to be a fire. please follow up w this
 im following a shit ton of weed accounts in florida in insta so when im there i can get weed 
 my neighbor just paid 300 to get rid of the gophers that built tunnels from a weedy yard to under my rock lot to h 
 nahh people like to smoke weed they cant afford  
 @johnwisniewski thanx for coming to cherry hill yesterday and answering my question on marijuana legalization here in nj.
 ryan blows smoke 
 signsofaburnout the number 1 unero numero singlemost important thing to get done no matter what no exceptions....is...to...get weed
 when one of mvs old top models hits you up to smoke and collab and you dying @trintsuxxx
 it was because of how much biggie knew about marijuana before 50 cent couldnt stop lying because im connected to the rockefellers.dbarg8
  youre faithfully in my dms lol. its funny to see that you like black girls though. ill never get over you overcharging me for weed 
 probably some mid you know thats what he smoke 
 broke ass niggas named wes out here stealing females weed lol smh yall watch out
 a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke
 gas  what a nigga smoke 
 @heileytwin1 weed
 who aint on that 1gram in a swisher shit lmao lets smoke
 someone smoke a lot with me tonight after i get off
 sike ill probably face these woods myself because everyone likes to smoke 99cent wraps amp cant even afford the weed to put in it
 i dont want to see or hear about candle gender or geeky and bell had weed ever again
 if you gotta throw neck for smoke quit fucking smoking. cant afford a gram ass hoes.
 rip van winkle is awake and wants studies done on cannabis to ensure users arent turning to violent crimerapedru 
 me she smokes a lot of weed  my sister  uh oh next comes the heroin 
 this was suppose to be a selfie. then i realized the guy behind the fence was smoking weed. true story lol 
 youll fit in perfectly in cap hill if you wear all black smoke cigs and look like youre having a miserable time
 it always be the nigga who smoke blacks or cigarettes who have the lighter 
 this nigga tyrique real life break his weed down with scissors now
 i saw the 2nd pic and felt like i smoked what was beside her 
 someone broke into smokers world tonight and i think my heart just broke 
 @charlestonkat @trumpinatorspks @assholereloaded @aiiamericangiri that bat shit crazy cause you dont have a gun you get robe of your weed
 my friends really surprised me and pulled up on me with the weedlook at god
 @justintrudeau  i enlisted with the liberal party bc you stated legalization of cannabis to stop making criminals out of ordinary citizens
 smoking marijuana  eating cheetos and masturbating does not constitute a life.....walter white
 a06600 new relates to unlawful possession of marihuana sentencing provides for either a fine or community ser... 
 i was at bridgeway about to smoke a blunt and some random dude complimented my eyes and i ran into rylee it was a nightmare
 da weed is burnin like track 6 on confessions. the way im killin niggas got me thinkin cops my profession 
 never turning down a smoke sess
 my weed mans gives all his customers a random book every time you purchase a 5 blunt and its so cute and good
 so this was the smoke i saw earlier while on my hike. 
 my biggest life goal rn is to hangout with @tanamongeau and @somerhollings smoke a blunt together and have somer add me on snap 
 livin bro.... ill be bacc in atl monday. link. smoke 1. 
 its soo easy for you to drink away problems   head in the clouds trynna smoke ya way out it
 so i was about to go outside to smoke   but i just heard the creepiest dog bark or idk what kind of animal noise ever 
 will you drink with a nigga amp do you smoke weed
 i would like to.. como se dice.. smoke a blunt
 when she think she get to smoke just cause she cute 
 my weedman had blunts put out just randomly in his car lik not in the ashtray amp i commented amp he was lik u being difficult get out  ok
 ive been to the fergusonmarket  folks sell marijuana in the parking lot. thats not news. i wish they would legalize it in mo.
 medical marijuana should be contingent on psych med compliance when applicable.
 @thornedbeauty smoke a lot of weed  try some of these 
 the weed hittin chief 
 @aljackson columbo  that was the brownest nastiest weed ever.
 guess who aint getting trapped in the crib with no weed 
 its 2017 if you still smoke k2 youre a fucking sicko
 females only know how to smoke if a camera is in front of them
 @lakyaxoxo see problem is i dont smoke girl so thats out the picture
 woke up to peach kelli pop and weed
 dear @senatorlankford   let sq780 be as is immediate reform i needed  proximity is but a smoke screen.  education gt incarceration.
 i got a piss test on the 22nd but i wanna smoke all week 
 snowmageddon 2017 has brooklynites buying all the bagged salads  bread  fresh mozz and smoked 
 after you smoke this wyd    me 
 @presssec @therealbecky @potus thatll weedem out.
 the same old guy sits outside my work everyday and smokes in the parking lot and it creeps me out so much
 i smoke too much  my lungs be hurting now
 @megami33 just like im from california  so i must say radical or hella all the time  also i totally do shit tons of weed man
 burlington vermont got the best smoke shops on the planet
 yo my step dad is the funniest nigga to smoke with i was so dumb to hate this nigga... he really keeps it real lol
 she just wanna smoke and fuck...i said girl thats all that we do...okay...now you talkin my language now you talkin my language....
 i dont get why ppl would risk getting kicked out of college to smoke weed in their dorms. like how stupid can you be
 cilantro is the mexican weed
 got work weed visa parents paid off and had enough to cop @astrogaming a50 gen 3 ps4pcs ghost recon wildlands and mass effect andromeda
  in 1969  the highest court in the land ruled unanimously that the marijuana tax act was unconstitutional.  politics
 major fire somewhere i can see the smoke @ eastwest hwy @ kenilworth ave.  
 we can smoke weed about it. tg 
 they are talking about wether or not weed was bartered for cigarellos. on cnn it is pretty easy to see that was a common occurrence or not.
 lakewood smokehouse doesntt have a twitter account but they do have local buzz on draft and this batch tastes phe 
 im trying to introduce yall folks to some real weed before he leave again 
 biggest fear is introducing a girl to my boys and finding out they all smashed. holy smokes
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 2800 block of se 87th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000020657 1201 pdx911
 calves the size of cantaloupes because theyre hauling 75 pounds of marijuana across the desert.house speaker john boehner reprimanded
 you tryna smoke is the quickest way to get to know me
 some girl was smoking weed and blew all her smoke in my face 
 @jeezoguapo boy u sound crazy i smoke gas only
 suburban weed is...subpar
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at se 104th ave  se rex st  portland  or portland fire rp17000020688 1333 pdx911
 im smoker great auntie 
 cigar smoker reading  davidoffofgeneva cigarlounge cigarporn cigarlifestyle cigarsociety 
 straight gas  what a nigga smoke   fire on me bam bam big or low 
 my plug say he gone throw a pound of that gas of bagged up gs @ finaldestination  come get smoked out doors o 
 anyone else smoke a cigar while walking to your car from the office no just the dude i passed okay. 
 @gkilaaaa no smoke wit the camera niggas word
 no material item is worth more than weed to melmao
 after you went to one class  you know you arent going to another amp youre just tryna smoke @katieblock2 
 so my roommate can throw away my bag of onions cause its leaving a foul odor but she can make our dorm smell like weed everyday okay 
 mean headache hopefully can smoke it off 
 thats just the ganja talking. when clean and sober  the snoop is @realdonaldtrump biggest fan. 
 thecfd working commercial structure fire 420 huger st knock on fire heavy smoke conditions throughout structure no 
 its very easy to not smoke marijuana. you just dont do it. 
 yall niggas smoking that government weed for 15 a gram  
 @duckfanaccount @neckbeardnick can i smoke a cigarette with you
 people will get blackout drunk every day and buy their 15 year olds alcohol but think weed is the devils lettuce  
 little irritated that i was enjoying the fresh air and sunshine through my sun roof and your stinky cigarette smoke ruined it
 when u look at the unedited video they did not trade for weed...gave his weed back and put items back on shelf 
 i could see i think there would be smoke coming out of my ears cause im heated
 how to smoke cigarettes throw them away and smoke weed
 high relief inside look at changing states medical marijuana laws scott johnson  
 i smoke a lot of gas drink a lot of syrup
 what the fuckkk is that that aint no weed bitch 
 @rchrdpeake air traffic should be banned .. so that hollywood park  isnt smoked out .. get a horse
 @michaell0302 before wa i502  10 a gram for black market weed ive seen 4 a gram in stores.
 @prowrestlingmag or if aj wins shane agrees to trade him to raw. seems to be a lot of smoke about aj moving to raw
 blow so much weed  blow my girl walls out. hang w the bros. id prolly be broke tomorrow. not much to do. 
 i smoke a cigarette before morning pt to get the ol lungs warmed up for the run 
 4 more episodes of weeds  and ill feel empty again or the same  probably the same
 readthebill @chriskrokshow the problem with higher ins cost for smokersover weight ppl is that the medicaid system will be too high bc...
 @peteh6570 @justineannsand he knows better. we all smoke  even if only at parties.
 a nigga play get smoked 
 making that important weed run before the snow storm
 inhale smoke  in nautica like i sail boats  dirty pair of shell toes  my bitch stay in chanel tho
 nothing is more of a turn off than cigarette smoke 
 my weed sparkly nigga
 @pistolcliff @akacigars @hnjad @mikewsimpson @cigarchairman @paradigmpres @rciaschini @violator57 @wessmith62 @cigarox60 solid smoke
 i smoke a lot to stay happy
 i get high and accidentally follow an anime account ban me from weed
 shoutout to ya weedman. 
 @auraofpnkslm chileeee remy will get smoked lol
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 8300 block of ne sandy blvd  portland  or portland fire rp17000020775 1933 pdx911
 i wanna smoke with dead people so i can see my boy jasper
 its crazyyy cause no one tryna get smoked out @saintdeath 
 why u wylin over 5 of weed broke ass...
 @xfreespirit i mean you probably got the number but i know he has weed so ill dm you 
 @xkarinaruiz lmfaooo he fkn wildin he smoked out one of his teachers at school too 
 folks smell a lil weed know a nigga like me will take the blame for ya..
 @usatoday smoking that local weed again
 niggas piss me off   yall only good for dick and weed tbh
 would you wear a shirt that said eat ass and smoke grass
 someone smoking weed on my block
 i went to high school with this person. taxpayers paid for her to become educated enough to use snow as a reason to legalize weed.
 remeber that time we were all scared that hannah montana was smoking weed but she reassured us it was just legal salvia
 went from king of the corner to breaking down weed on my diploma
 literallt thought i had cancer nigga i really thought the myths were true about smoking weed for a sec x
 my lyft mad is shit she thought i was getting out no sis just picking up ny weed 
 back on dengar  back on dengar. when a lil nigga smoked the cigar. when i broke my first guitar.
 just gunna smoke my lungs out and be stress free
 the guy at the tattoo place was mega cute other than the weed tats on his face  like i cant bring that home to my mom 
 you never see niggas in nut houses cause black people smoke weed 
 the dolce and gabbana of the marihuana  
 welcome to the smokers club
 jesus the only nigga allowed to touch my weed bag
 im not a fan of a female who smokes 
 yes i get a medical card here in california when i turn 18   no im not going to be bringing you weed. tf you aint family
 finaldestination  we throwing money  giving away weed  and giving away lean  how could you not fwu  
 with some of the biggest people in the cannabis space. bigmike 1640mike @madronefarms 
 if all you do is smoke you can slide back the fuck out of my dms
 whats going on in nyc i smell hints of smoke and hear fire trucks in the streets. hellskitchen
 @timpetty blackberry smoke with cody canada amp the departed and dirty river boys at @floores jun 17  2017 
 i smoke to much 15 a gram to be broke
 closer look at fire along 2100 south. smoke and flames coming from behind club expose. 
 .@slcfire also going into car shop next door. smoke coming out of roof. 
 im pretty sure my neighbor saw me naked when i was changing earlier so im nervous to smoke on my patio
 @gethyer niggas get smoked faster than you lose money
 steve king  too many immigrants were drug mules with calves the size of cantaloupes from hauling marijuana. 
 but the smoke only trapped in my room...
 if you a broke nigga cant smoke weed witcha
 i need me a weedman who gon listennnnnnnnn
 i been looking for weed since moses got his million dollar idea like what the fuck. 
 nigga shut up. dont all of us have the luxury of having a weedman pid 
 @lilking watchu want some smoke nigga
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 300 block of nw couch st  portland  or portland fire rp17000020857 0351 pdx911
 lawl  that schwagg. folks dont forget to check your weed for mold. aspergillus  penicillium  rhizopus  mucor  and t 
 am i about to spend the whole day weedless trapped inside my house 
 met a guy who told me about his 5 year prison term for growing weed and how he is now working at a shelter while living in one. felt for him
 the @nwfwmd prescribed burn in garcon point will begin @approx 945a today mar 14. a large smoke column will be v 
 holy smokes i think my pastor was the only folk to own a rollie ghost and rolls royces with no holy ghost
 holy smokes i think my pastor was the only folk to own a rollie ghost and rolls royces with no holy ghost
 stephen a needs to get on the weed
 a single kernel of corn for each called bingo number. no sliders for a number. smoke filled room with lots of tension. bingotomlongisms
 i should smoke this nasty ass black in here and see if she says anything 
 @astroflow probably in a room full of lights and smoke acting like he in space or was
 look at this government issued weed  
 when u cute so yo weed man throw a extra lil gram 
 some see a weed. i see a wish.  quotes wish weed marinadelrey usapefit @ marina del rey  
 straight out the smoker.... chefdwightlewis dwightsfishampque bestribsintown goodeats  
 straight out the smoker.... chefdwightlewis dwightsfishampque bestribsintown goodeats  
 support black owned business and buy yo weed from your local  
 buy it  break it  roll it  light it  smoke it  inhale it  im gone
 if yo weedman dont trust you enough to throw u a front either get a new weedman or become a more trustworthy person
 fucking wit my niggas ill smoke a zip
 probably not. they would get cocky and get smoked lol 
 lemme clean my room shower and smoke
 i pass the weed to the pastor 
 governmentweed gweed looks like what weedbae would sprinkle on top of real weed.  
 government issued marijuana.... wow.
 who gon lemme smoke in they crib  let u deuce the blunt
 smoking weed with dirty sprite
 if you are unhappy with your life keep fucking with me i will play god for a day. social media will get u that smoke pussy noopencasket hoe
 @tonyrvt99 @saragiannonibtv i support marijuana legalization and cosponsored a bill on a regulated system.
 wayne tracker environmentalist at large.. no mission to dire.. u dont like smoke well i walk in the fire.. changing climate is what i aspire
 nigga thats seasoning thats not weed 
 damn how would i look if i trooped to my car to smoke real quick hmm fuckin crazy
 @g6pusha looks worse than mexican brick weed
 if you a female and you smoke cigs you nasty af  cigs in general is nasty but i cant associate with a female smoker
 when i was rich and would smoke @literalmami out everyday 
 a lot of modern superhero books feel like an insubstantial smokebomb to the face. maybe its cuz they know they dont have any time.
 freshman behind me talking about smoking the weeds this weekend. their dealer must be a rich dude.
 i love this term government marijuana 
 now u gotta smoke with ur dog or delete this tweet lmao 
 my fingernails have been growing like weeds.
 government issued marijuana oh you mean reg
 this quote really stood out to me  @kwri @ north hempstead  new york 
 niggas gettin dey ass smoked and dey steady cappin  nigga if we was gettin smoked id be slidin 
 stop telling me females who smoke weed arent cute  im not tryna be cute bro  tryna get high
 bby come smoke one wit ya patna  we can get nasty.. cops n robbers
 im tryna go to the smokers club and the next day cannabis cup
 some nigga just sold a nigga i know   jelly as replacement of dabs  he smoked it too 
 @thibruellan lol weed roots tasting much better
 i accidentally brought weed from florida on a plane lol
 i hate niggas who think all females with that partying shit like noooo baby boy id rather stay home and smoke a blunt to myself
 @gapeachy7 but dont you get the munchies after you have smoked
 join us and at smoke and glory at steinbecks in decatur  sunday  april 1st.  book your tickets 
 lmfao i hate connecticut they tryna arrest this nigga  he just tryna get some pussy andor weed 
 fuck  weed i smoke these niggas 
 when you smoke as much as i do  any type of cardio will have you dead
 just had bessie fill out a bracket. she knows nothing and i mean nada about college bball. she probably gonna smoke me.
 havent heard of gesaffelstein in a while...he prob died of lung cancer from all the cigs he chain smokes during his sets
 a girl that smokes shishagt a girl that smokes cigarettes
 i really think me smoking has a lot to do with it cause i get lazy as hell after i smoke 
 his lil sidekick ass producer niggaz dont want no smoke wit me either they add me  unfollow then readd me begging for a plug on spitta hah
 i hate that only ada and herbal have fire... dont @ me either.  you smoke bunk.
 cancer truth hemp video 
 just found a youtube channel of a girl who gets paid 60k per year just to smoke weed on video with low cut shirts.
 me and smokey the bear.  smokeythebear firesafety oklahoma  usa @ meeker  oklahoma 
 last year lawn mower quit working this year weed eater quit working will the fire department to do a controlled burn of my yard
 605 mcguffey avenue working structure fire in the attic smoke showing from the outside fire ground five @journalnews
 trynaaaa smokeeeeeeeeeee but niggas is trapped in the crib 
 forgettable favorite track dirty ickes least favorite queen annes lace underrated blond hair  black lungs overrated smoke
 i just saw a real tumble weed
 i was 13 smoking weed thinking i was being cool emulating my kin folk
 why are you giving cosi 20 cause shes broke amp spends all her money on weed
 a nigga real life depressed be tryna smoke myself better smh
 wish my homies were here to smoke cigs and complain w me
 i buy them type of rooms just to smoke in solo
 if she wears timbs with shorts  she smokes blacks amp will square up with grown men
 you light my fire. lets stay up late and smoke a j
 you light my fire. lets stay up late and smoke a j
 my checking accounts sitting at 420 lmao ill smoke to that
 @thechainsmokers im about to go to a daya concert in a few hours tell her im the girl with the pink poster and stop smoking weed
 a real brotha will smoke a homie out on his last gram
 @fhdidhfjfb lmao aye that nigga was like bitches just wanna smoke your weed but u lettuce 
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 12400 block of se caruthers st  portland  or portland fire rp17000021029 1721
 lots is sales and deals see us on leafly and weedmaps for details  
 @netucker1967 @batmaaaannnn @meggydub i buy my weed from an 18yo dude named jose quervo....
 for the first time  i saw a billboard that says smoking weed is can cause cancer. this is what government weed is doing supportlocalplugs
 @krustofskihyman yes he is  @theurbangrower is also a top name in canadian cannabis  his videos were the backbone of mmar education
 @oneshadowlove reefer
 cavs smoke pistons 12896  leave smoldering frame by side of road. holdem to 38 while shooting 59  62 1930 from 3 29 ast on 46 fgs
 @maddow is laying it out for folks to keep digging w investigations. there is smoke and fire. trumptaxes maddow it is more than the taxes
 niggas really go outside in the cold to smoke a cigarette
 lmao that moment im complaining because im broke and i wanna smoke... then check my account and my taxes came in...
 who is smoking weed at this @arianagrande concert link up with me 
 a9 need to weed worn books  but uncertainty about budget makes me pause. mwlibchat
 @turdxstile @washingtonpost wtf is government marijuana.....
 lil girls really be tryna check me about a nigga that i use for smokes like get out my face 
 me to the guys at the weed spot even tho theres 5 feet of snow you thought you wasnt gonna see me im the osiris of  this shit
 @turdxstile @washingtonpost most of the weed ive seen in medical dispensaries look a lot better than both of these lol
 told yall niggas. you smoking fake weed 
 @raygjc @seifinator i think its some sort of marijuana cigarette. im not too familiar with the low life lingo.
 females that smoke are so unattractive 
 im going to be working with lyss so that means after work smoke sesh is gonna be a must 
 lets light ourselves on fire and play with the smoke.
 i see what yall be talking ab when yall say some girls dont know how to inhale might as well go to a hookah if u just tryna blow smoke 
 it is not easy to weed out the roots he planted in me
 i dead lost my weed n im maddd
 im to broke to buy food so this gunna be ebt and then with this wad of cash i would like lots of lottery and smokes
 smoking marijuana  eating cheese doodles  and masturbating do not constitute plans in my book
 @flashfudd @melanology @tinybutsosassy @mdorsey92 @jdaque2 @true2mynature @nayhb17 @deedrahh bruh me amp this nigga dont do shit but smoke
 @keitholbermann we smell smoke lets see what he says he screwed us and we ended up with trump
 why do people smoke bogies  that shit nasty yo.
 guys they have tarnation memes too look at snoops weed cowboy hattttt 
 depends on how im feeling at that moment and the type of weed 
 @wvgovernor the medical marijuana and recreational it would probably stop the problem heroin and  pill
  color correction  | soft texture waves | shadow roots  dimensional sand smoke iced beige 
 dear austin   as great as your town is  the ubiquitous cigarette smoke is a real downer. get your shit together.
 what did you give us what did we smoke lmfaooo
 to all my dominicans if you see a puerto rican in dyckman smoke them
 by crom  these councillors just make things more entrailed lets sit down as chiefs and have a good smoke.
 if you smoke cigarettes youre automatically unattractive to me.
 i asked creese to turn down the tv and he said i cant  i wont be able to hear over that loud ass weed.
 its endless weed on my other twitter 
 @dingpong01 nice to see you support a guy who finds golfing and throwing out smoke screens more important than working for the people.
 i dont vape or smoke  but 120yearold me will be a walking fucking fog.
 that episode of south park where niggas get testicular cancer just so they can smoke is exactly how i view niggas skipping meals for weed.
 @itsfreakingkimi the weed i smoke would blow your lungs out buckaroo
 where da weed at side in my dms
 when the icu wait area is all smokers 
 hb3035 new relating to the legalization of marijuana 
 i would do this but i cant smoke in the crib 
 wtf man where is this shit at out here .. i need this rapper weed niggas out here got us smoking broke nigga weed  
 we smoke like broke down mufflas
 i dont smoke to be cute i dont fuq bitvhes boyfriends to be cute either
 why is this nigga tryna smoke a cigarette in the airport 
  smoking not cute  ion smoke it to be cute 
 i think i hear kellyannes voice coming from our smoke detector kellyanneconway
 these niggas shoveling.....yall want me to help sike im finna smoke
 when yu thought yu had weed left but then yu finally remember you smoked it last night 
 we smell like chanel no.5 amp marijuana
 bands who cant afford a smoke machine should hire my wife to cook at their concert. imkidding imdead prayforme joking
 @dashannestokes as gen. hayden said...a lot of smoke  coincidences.   thats on top of what has been confirmed.
 i wish i had some weed up in my system. cause im about 2 seconds from just flippin out.
 smoking marijuana  eating cheese doodles  and masturbating do not constitute plans in my book
 my coworker wanted to smoke so bad that i brought a blunt to work
 @davidjonathan0 true only in the sense they were convinced it was. i suppose discernment is still necessary to weed out truth from error.
 if u have blacklight weed posters in ur room ya cut 
 proud of my boy @diegomedinals for accepting his big boy job. now that means we can smoke cigars in the weekends 
 the number of canadians registered to use medical marijuana has quadrupled since the 2015 election. @scotttalking 
 probably about to smoke then do my hair
 or you can get paid in weed with your customer link 20 for 20
 that marshall weed will do it to you 
 then they blow up and obscenities are thrown. bro  you need better weed. 
 i love gardening. amp by gardening i mean breakin up weed in my car in the tops parking lot
 he said he got smoke for niggas like me
 wyd after you smoke this 
 that marshall weed than took a lot pretty girls out game
 medical cannabis growers need more ads go for it. solarpower
 st barbaras trynna keep my trapped here. im boutta just get discharged cuz i cant lay in bed for 4 days straight  no weed  60 channels..
 where can i get weed in portland 
 the darkest part of requiem for a dream is when jared leto loses an arm after injecting marijuana. 
 but why   im struggling to get a decent joint amp this nigga eating weed 
 can we smoke weed in the cafe what about cigarettes   df did i just hear
 i get a lot of good compliments when i work inside the casino i just hate how theres lots cigarette smoke 
 card crackers be lame af.. you mean to tell me you cracked a card for a outfit  some weed  and a full tank of gas... nigga go out of town.
 @willmenaker love the vape  hug the vape  its not illegal so i can smoke my vape 
 not my ducks they dont smoke or eat bread @ johns island  south carolina 
 to shock migrants like cattle. he said young immigrants have calves like cantaloupes  from hauling marijuana over the border. his foreign
 dr. rachel knox testifies for medical marijuana before neleg judiciary committee. you can watch on 
 when the smoke clears.. realize who was there before you throw dirt on they name.
 go smoke some reggie bummy ass
 lemme just smoke amp get over this bullshit. 
 @casanovadod how tf she can afford some jordans   weed  video games  but....no mattress 
 @casanovadod how tf she can afford some jordans   weed  iphone but....no mattress  
 wyd after you smoke this 
 todays smoke spot   explorecolorado bigrocks weshouldsmoke dopefam @ devils 
 simpson always make me miss my auntie  i come over here for the pickup and to smoke one with my auntie at her old apartments.
 my favorite vape flavor is too much of a pussy to smoke cigarettes  masculinity too fragile to admit it
 the one exception is the @realdonaldtrump supporter who purposely blew smoke in my photographers face.  really
 working structure fire 3524 burner dr smoke showing at an apartment station 42 area 534 pm rcannon 
 putting all the important cards in my sports bra so i dont ahve to carry things while i skate license  debit  weed
 camping smoke @nat42nd @cigarchairman @robustobabe @hnjad @nhale1300 @pistolcliff @shawnp582 @rlilly1018 
 crews working on small fire outside mall  fire did not extend inside. mall shutdown for about an hour to clear minimal smoke. no injuries.
 those in the canaveral grovesport st john area of brevard you will notice smoke and ash in those areas due to the orange co fire off sr50
 guy on bus coughing up lung.  clearly a smoker.  cant be much lung left....
 he talkin bout you can get it bro   ill let it blow  sent my location ol boy aint want no smoke
 thanks for the weed but in fall out boy  thanks fr th wd. i have to tweet this so i remember it  it needs to blow up so i can pin it.
 good marketing is now profiling according to the antismoking movement. btw  i have never smoked cigarettes amp got sick dipping.
 rollie going say shid ill smoke a cigarette if i was in gander right now 
 i think that girls who smoke cigarettes are so ehhhh 
 bouta smoke a blunt on top of a parking deck. wassup
 her my biggest turn off is when niggas smoke.   me 
 when youre smoking amp the smoke goes in your eye 
 rolling a marijuana cigarette and watching mall rats.
 @misincarnated what kind of cigarettes do jewish grandmothers smoke gefiltered. @netanyahu
 can a brother get some intel on charlotte cigar club. charlotte  nc  or other places to smoke in the area@cigarchairman @cigarweekly
 yall obviously never smoked wee... nvm 
 a well mannered smoke  the gent quality construction @paulacigars @rciaschini @paradigmpres @mack280 
 rich  malty and peaty with a touch of smoke... caber toss this  ye wee lad 
 waiting on bb to get here so we can go find a cute spot to smoke amp vibe
 you do not smoke no tucks my nigga
 it helps to know what type of effect youre looking for when choosing your cannabis. refer to this guide mmj 
 @greggutfeld @michaeldelauzon their too busy in back smoked filled room planning next attack on president trump had it been mo oh lord
 @victowiamarie lol i am but luckily i lose weight faster than i smoke a blunt
 i done smoked bout 2 grams already.
 workers have gathered about a block and a half away. there was a sweet smell in the air and lots of smoke @sbtribune 
 getting paid 2 smoke
 these niggas would sell their  soul for weed 
 was thinkin about weed just now
 naw he smoke weed. this is a rich akron nigga. he definitely burn  
 i probably had to much to smoke
 niggas in texas smoking weed
 a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke  
 buy it break it roll it light it smoke it inhale it im gone
 i smoked 50 grams in padre 
 apparently my photographer was rolling as this @realdonaldtrump supporter purposely blew smoke in his face. 
 dials weedman i need a 3.5 .
 nigga said ricans smoke mid nigga said yall still roll dutches nigga said yall copped an 8th of reggie nigga said 
 lemme smoke this blunt
 llab when i worked at the cleaners i used to smoke behind that hoe and the mexicans that cleaned the clothes never 
 smh paranoid libs cant stop talking about 12 dimensional chess  i say as i i frantically google vyvanse  albuterol  weed  dead
 this nigga just told me he dont like the fact that i smoke ... its not cute 
 @raxpistov just saw a nigga at 420 smoke shop face down on the pavement surrounded by cops amp medics too
 mfs ruined our friendship over a gram of weed like i wasnt gunna weigh it im panda 
 @emilynoethen getting weed in shiloh w anne wtw 
 if u in la and can hook it up with the ganja lemme know 
 honestly just a shawty i can vibe with smoke with joke with and just understand a nigga ya feel me 
 blow big smoke. 
 niggas be tryna skimp i smoke way too much to be skimped
 some one smoke oneee
 @fuckingbetzy lmao girl you should be fine if you werent smoking a lot  im sure any of the ones at a smoke shop would work
 @aodespair sessions just saw reefer madness and hes appalled.
 well @dwlamesky was the first to have me break the new tread into smoke leaving town center amp that lsdiff didnt like that 2rd gear toss 
 this nigga dezhs smoked crack and thought it was weed 
 den dey showing me everything talking about come pull and smoke ill b late coming back to work from my break lmao 
 we not beefing over no niggas or no weed
 @aussiepetec @jimrhoughton @meckeringboy 4 yrs turnbull knows it he is full of piss and wind nothing but smoke and mirrors out boy turnbull
 who wants to get smoked in mut on xbox
 lemme smoke a blunt to get over this fuckery
 i use to smoke grams a day. way before you niggas knew what loud was
 spending your lunch money on weed i was stuffin grams in a cone
 @kennedyykero my tinder anthem is burnin up so i can weed out the posers
 yall be smoking 7 blunts a day...yall must be smoking that government issued weed  a 8th a day for me is ideal
 smoking weed under the star projectors
 im so sorry to hear of the arthritis but good on you for supporting researchsir patstew uses marijuana every day 
 i smoked out a peach swisher lmao
 were back at planet hollywood  were staying here and we have a nice room with a big tub  tons of sex toys and weedalcohol. justsaying
 niggas buy a gun   smoke a lil weed amp forget they a bitch
 @colindunlap the real bracket joy will be when @saraharbogast smokes @theponicorn
 gas what i smoke nigga  
 i didnt know u smoked the devils lettuce @audreysabal 
 @latexevil wow look a that smokey black latex butt.
 @jeffdrosenberg @huffpostpol do elves smoke weed should they
 @baileyyourwhite i dont even smoke the devils lettuce
 get one called ozium ricky and i use it to get rid of the weed smell it works . 
 the news here bc some girl ate a weed brownie  lmfaooo her ahh was spazzin 
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at se 91st ave  se foster rd  portland  or portland fire rp17000021444 0618 pdx911
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 1700 block of n tomahawk island dr  portland  or portland fire rp17000021445 0624 pdx911
 @meckparkrec is conducting a prescribed burn today at latta plantation from 12p3pm. expect smoke in the area of sa 
 i just got weed from some random walmart guy in rio grande city and he sparked a blunt of some straight dank mane
 today @meckparkrec is conducting a prescribed burn at latta plantation from 12p3pm. expect smoke in the area of sa 
 gas what i smoke nigga
 niggas be lying on they weed
 stop lying on ya fuckin weed nigga thats not cookies thats crackers
 @johnfetterman i  for one  have no problems with both legalized marijuana or a woman choosing to wear a hijab.
 submitted a couple of reviews through my favorite vape site  my freedom smokes. check it out vapelife govapors thatsthespirit
 @cnn @megoconor  to be fair  weed is not on the list of items they do not accept. 
 weather ed fire smoke on the west side of wku wasnt able to rise high to the sky  since temps above the area are 
 @domsaue the legal age  yea. medical can be any age i believe. we have more weed shops than starbucks out here lol
 went to smile at a familiar face i saw on campus then remembered that he was my ra that busted me for weed more times than we both deserved
 hes getting high in the parking lot  he smokes a cigarette just to hide it
 bitches smoke one blunt and one black dick and think its okay to say nigga
 5 marijuana myths its time we burn  weed cannabis myths 
 @tivialashaye now you know damn well we dont smoke one  add bout 3 more
 my mom was up all night looking for doctors because she wants me prescribed medical marijuana for depression  anxi 
 if it wasnt for this az medical marijuana program i honestly dont know where id be working.
 just to add to your trashiness you smoke cigarettes now 
 @wvgovernor @crissywtov9 try weed govna
 @the1beard anything @deray plugs.  later that day...  im sending my tweets via smoke signal from my grass hut in the desert.
 for my smokers out there  stop wasting money on wraps.  sams club got dutches 60 for 20 ... grabba amp backwoods are in bulk there too 
 dont think cuz you cute you can smoke for free ... not
 my heart says to wait 4 nae to get outta clas so she can smoke too but my lungs wanna suffocate rnrn 
 no excuses on not supporting hemp bball tonight at 8 bc we dont have school tmw  get ur butts to martz hall
 if you smoke with kids in your car youre a pos
 bridge over smokey water. cigars cigarlifestyle cigarworld cigarporn cigarsociety botl sotl cheers 
 holy smokes thank you so much to @billboard amp jkelley for premiering our brand new music video 
 if you listen to can i by kodak you wear true religion jeans and smoke swishas
 @kingstackks  dont be an ass with me i was just trying to see did u wanna smoke
 you light my fire. lets stay up late and smoke a j.
 that boy smoke zona from 1986 
 this was me getting smoked all bball season  
 @olopez4 @willcleveland13 you see the smoke from irondequoit.
 you know youre fucking broke when you buy a swisher and actually fuckin smoke it
 ya gotta fuck with me  im cute  cool  talented  and smoke a lot of weed.
 fakenews bc i did blow and weed in college and neither obama nor the judge partook. 
 only green stuff they probably know is weed 
 fine ass females working at a canabis club dont be knowing shit i swear
 just stopped at a light next to a coworker my age and he is vaping up a storm... weed vape
 def cant fuck wit a shorty that dont inhale the smoke off tops
 me and my niggas on our way to go smoke like 
 when your tail lights are out but you can smoke 6 away  go fuck yourself
 engine 40 amp ladder 4 visited the 6300 block of greenway avenue today to install smoke alarms and discuss fire preve 
 just ordered chinese he asked if i wanted veggies i said all i do is smoke broccoli 
 thst guy working at the smoke shop foine as hell
 good weed  only in my system is a must.
 see exhibit in the club... mayne roll the weed up
 sitting in the parking lot of depository in wa state you should see the 75 yr  folks walking out with their marijuana in the blk bags bags
 i just did 20 minutes of cardio just to go out to the parking lot and smoke a cig gainz
 now what yall know bout them texas boys coming down in candied toys  smoking weed and talking noise
 @samthecaptain thanks my mom was a smoker so i was worried it would be stained or reek but it looks clean and smells fine.
 i thought i did too  not the weed part i think thats nasty af. 
 on top of it yall be dumb as hell losing full rides cause you wanna smoke weed  skip class  and rob dorms. plz stop.
 just blew black smoke on the diesel truck behind me. how do you like that
 3 years but judges throw the book at a nigga for weed  
 @gtfinest79 idk.. where there is smoke  there is fire 
 just trynaaaa vibe amp smoke a blizzzz 
 this is applicable to smoking weed as well 
 this nigga just said aye let me smoke with yall 
 lungs of a vape smoker 
 lungs of a cigarette smoker 
 from tweet t.27 if there are more of these types of cancer in de jewish race nation they need to weed them out same goes for moosamprest of...
 from tweet t.27 if there are more of these types of cancer in de jewish race nation they need to weed them out same goes for moosamprest of...
 females be on snap wasting weed
 its so unattractive when guys smoke 
 my father was at the forefront of the movement to educate people about the benefits of cannabis 4.22 @thekayafest 
 nigga i get weed from my uncle wow 
 the fact i just smoked a raccoon with my car going 80 and the express way pisses me off. 
 you aint cute if you smoke
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 2500 block of sw huber st  portland  or portland fire rp17000021613 1928 pdx911
 radar image of smoke from raleighfire @thehellcey 
 yall probably already know i smoke but marijuana was a fuckinh gift and whoever found it i thank you. youve helped me out a lot bro. 
 raleigh can see the smoke plume from the huge fire in downtown raleigh on radar. actionnewsjax 
 @kaylahernandezx i can buy you weed 
 you know a fire is large when you can see the smoke plume on radar raleighfire 
 not that i smoke weed but like  i could smoke weed and i also listen to bake sale by travis scott at least once a week alyssa
 theres a special place in hell for people who smoke cigarettes inside of a packed house party
 @jeffsessions cannabis saved my life  it helped cure my cancer and got me off all of the opiates i was on. politely  go fuck yourself  dick
 its not cute to smoke 
 nws radar detecting smoke plume from huge fire tonight in raleigh.  hoping all fire amp law enforcement officials s 
 behind the scenes photo shoot at the nw cannabis club w our own matanuska thunder fuck  cotton 
 my niggas aye bro  come outside we bout to smoke   me 
 ya really be sucking on the blunt just to blow all the smoke out and not inhale then say you aint feel shit 
 the reefer party music video is a verrryyyy underrated songvideo imo
 zach and i just had the most middleaged night. we mowedpulled weeds in our yard. when we came inside i said  tha 
 bet yall never saw a cat smoke a cigarette  
 girls who smoke nasty 
 you smoke weed a lot you sure do smoke a lot you stay smoking huh 
 carpooled with a rich white boy he was turnt off alcohol  weed n lean dropped him off in the hills n was looking for his golf clubs lol
 iont know how nigga mess with females that smoke
 im at hilife smoke shop in scottsdale  az 
 @therealpouya lemme get that snap chat ill send you pictures of my weed and links to my soundcloud
 soft  sleek and straight | patiences is key  | shadow roots  dimensional smoke champagne iced 
 soft  sleek and straight | patiences is key  | shadow roots  dimensional smoke champagne iced 
 asking him where the weed at  rt @queeeneden youre driving home and you see this...wyd 
 i will smoke u niggas under the table
 @inktho today everyone who ate a weed plant is planning to dice up grandma
 @dune5and well no  i just assumed you did all of these since youre a hard core 420 weed bro.....
 you niggas really bummy with no hustle but selling weed 
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 400 block of se grand ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000021684 0218 pdx911
 dont forget to smokescratches out wear green today
 why are there 6 smokes shops on cheltenham ave
 reign yeah i brought in those rice crispy treats and no they dont have marijuana in them 
 gaaas what i smoke nigga 
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 5900 block of e burnside st  portland  or portland fire rp17000021715 0556 pdx911
 ppl who smoke weed is super unattractive too me 
 @scottbaio @melanieusn1979 scott that is a photoshop theres nothing flying around the sky smoke coming out its ass
 and then god says  let there be weed on this earth john 123
 and then god says  let there be weed on this earth john 123
 im guessing its not weed. horrifying. 
 evans they will spend thousands to make millions. at the local level  we will get all the books amp products the state already weeded out
 all yall bum hoes do is smoke weed and fuck every nigga 
 you been selling weed nigga you aint a plug nigga
 stacking cheese till my bread right  smokin weed till my head right  did it all on my own so imma spend all my bread liiiiiike itsnottthin
 livonia really must think i smoke dey send me to the clinic every 3 weeks to get drug tested 
 lots of weed lots of alcohol 
 if you see her  wish a happy birthday and smoke a joint with this ray of sunshine @tayelliott  
 you know youre in the ghetto when you find random nugs of weed all over the ground.  scoooree
 pray all my niggas live long  pray all my niggas rich forever  we black kings  nigga ethiopian decent  smoked out sessions
 i turned down smoking with ty dolla and he looked at me crazy when i said i dont smoke 
 you wear green and i smoke it
 walking down the esplanade n someone turned and blew vape smoke right on my face
 but a gram of weed is 
 the smoke will clear soon.  @ hollywood hills 
 i am officially a registered medical cannabis patient in connecticut 
 lemme smoke before i go off 
 why do smokers think its ok to just throw down their cigarette butts people who would never throw a cup out of their car window
 you niggas be out here moving them lil as 10 dollars ass gs amp be having a 7  bitch you might as well smoke that shit boyy
 plans this summer smoke a lot of weed in a lot of different places
 i probably wont wear green today  ill just smoke it 
 depends how much i smoke 
 the housemate who smokes a bunch of weed in the common area just yawned loud enough that i heard it through my earplugs
 are my meds working  am i on an upswing  or is it the weed a memoir
 we talking bout weed  
 not the internal intercom message you want to hear when 65 floors up a smoke situation on the main concourse fdny on route
 i just smoked an l with some random guy at the airport lolol
 try mixing different weeds together to make a cock tail  it is a trip.
 real niggas smoke that duke
 how yall homeless but can afford weed
 if you smokedrink while youre pregnant idgaf who you  youre selfish
 im just tryna smoke a blunt and look for constellations wit her
 why boarder patrol always fuckin wit us  when we leave padre bro lmao nigga said you must smoke a lot 
 asked my mom to get some hpnotiq she talkin bout i dont smoke weed  wtf
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 10200 block of se stephens st  portland  or portland fire rp17000021826 1351 pdx911
 why some random nigga just ask me if he could smoke at my house
 the pink pig apalachicola  where else do they allow you to sit on top of the pig bbq smoker yolo 
 a good weedman is important as well 
 @seanhannity now obama and the judge smoked drugs..my god sean..you are on a spiril..to the nearest ceaspool..just spinning into an abyss..
 drifting around the corner while im smoking weed through the roof
  niggas still makin up names for dey weed ... fuck wrong wit em @youngdolph @richphantum @kaylabrianna 
 oh fuck you guys look at what my mom bought today from our local marijuana dealer 
 just saw @chrisbrown at the gas station on the way back to mammoth. shoulda asked him if he wanted to smoke a spliff lol.
 oh thats holla weed bra  gia
 @bigeldogg theres some good spots  kings hwy amp smoke shack
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at se mcloughlin blvd  ross island brg  portland  or portland fire rp17000021854 1544
 who stays around frankford and marsh ln  im tryna smoke
 gas what i smoke nigga feds at my door jump out the window nigga
 drone sunset from escambia county  alabama this evening... you can see smoke from prescribed burns in the distance. 
 fuck dem niggas  dress cute  smoke weed.
 problems for @dalejr. smoke came out of his car as he pulled out of pit road. backed back in to check it out. 
 yall will litterally spend 70 in a week on weed to smoke everyday but always complain about how yall broke maybe thats why 
 lonzo seriously about to die from black lung if his dad keeps blowing this much smoke up his ass 
 i smoke weed for the same reason niggas wear glasses ..to improve my view of the world
 @stinneyyyyy this was the cause of all the smoke we saw from the overpass 
 teenagers smoking weed in the parking garage... reason number 326 why i hate malls
 the only reason i root for these 2 in the tournament. holy smokes. 
 big ass smoke party  dm me or @ogbladejohnson for the info ... byob  gramfam gramfam20 
 this 100 local  grassfed and open rangeraised seor smoke beef at @diabloburger really hit the spot route66  
 gramfam smoke party no reggie allowed  dm me or @ogbladejohnson for location 
 chesapeake 2nd floor smells like dirty laundry and shitty weed. do better  jmu
 all these cigarette smokers tryna give me lung cancer smh
 amp all these kids smoking aint fucking cute but ill be dammed if they had to learn out how to smoke the hard way i did lmao
 90s party party pull up they pullin in @ up in smoke hookah lounge 
 i think tyler perry smokes a lot of weed
 willing to offer a technician marijuana to sort through this 
 smoke a lot of weed 
 this doucher at the casino blowing his vape smoke all over me. i get it  you wear affliction and vape  youre super cool
 i remember when this one bitch ratted me out for having my vape pen at school because she was busted with hers as well as had weed
 i jus smoke amp tweet
 the last one was fire  this one is smoke. @ southport amp irving 
 i just wanna smoke one of those wyd after smoking this blunts
 chief keef go nigga  run nigga  run from the po nigga.......  me gas what i smoke nigga 
 mine would say weed green lol @stillhighhh @lifewithweeed 
 party tomorrow  turn up  hit me up  link up smoke up drank up
 i always skip parties cuz i dont drink or smoke but then i complain about staying home
 fresh cut on my way to get my havana.cigar from my boi smoke shop so to all cigarconnoisseur 
 @damienpvrks lmao im joking yall cant smoke my dope
 yaw bouta smoke  if so do it inside.
 @lisellle @maggiej36775571 @washingtonpost its called medical marijuana for a reason.
 folks be geekin for some weed out here.
 us border patrol asked me if i brought back a half pound of weed from cancun. well i did get asked every 5 minutes on the beach to buy some.
 see times like this a crib is needed to smoke the gas in
 up in smoke clinton ally morell says smoke  but no fire. no evidence of a russiantrump collusion to interfere in 
 i smoke so much gas i swear my lungs collapsing
 @realdonaldtrump can we get a real investigation here the smoke is finally leading us to the fire lock him up very bad
 someone started a fire in my lungs and im choking on the smoke
 anyone want to smoke and slide to chipotle
 i know a lot of people who would smoke this  
  and that is a weed hit push  fucking annoying  no thanks  ill  just look dum  a burn out on twitter
 3 years for rape but yall riding our dick and tryna slam us for a couple grams of marijuana 
 chief keef go  nigga  run  nigga  run for the po  nigga police nigga  me gas what i smoke nigga 
 brandon ingram wanted smoke 
 im pullin up on niggas amp fighting niggas before we smoke
 i cant date a female who constantly smokes  blows  or drinks  thats just a minor setback for me ltltltlt lessonlearned
 black timbs black hood smoke you like a backwood
 brandi gave me some weed a rello like she my nigga 
 my nigga @braxperry asked me if i wanted to smoke some mids last night. i bout almost smacked him.
 the kush that i smoke will blow yo lungs out ogpack 
 everyone calls weeden and glennon garbage the fuck are you talking about the day they signed glennon all of twit 
 yall can literally not say shit about kaep not getting a contract. weeden  hoyer  glennon  cutler  bortles got deals
 my plan was to listen to music nd smoke not tweet 
 chief keef run  run from the po me gas what i smoke 
 i smoke a lot of weed
 @trenttza portland pd quarterly marijuana blow out sale
 with the added bonus of not being physically addicting and 100 harmless when not smoked  which can cause lung cancer but
 vegas might be the only place you can smoke inside.
 @anewnez moose tryna smoke
 who trying to smoke when i get paid 
 need a nigga or a boy bestfriend who smoke as much as i do 
 the smokers are jokers anthem 
 fake conservatives are finally being weeded out. first milo  and now tomilahren. hopefully vulgar trumpers will stop pretending now too
 psa to anyone who smokes with me. they era of the gb is coming to an end
 i need weed in @niagarafalls @greatwolflodge dm me 
 @rachael645433 is it considered trash y or unattractive if s girl smokes cigarettes
  preetbharara was investigating tomprice prior to firing where theres smoke  theres fire corruption 
 thinking bout changing my car color to a smoke greyyy
 someone let me smoke inside there crib
 bread look like the type of nigga that smokes kools 
 i dont see the problem with smoking a lot of weed here and there
 what nigga.. i will smoke you. 
 tryna smoke but ima broke boy
 suarez should have been told to pit when they saw smoke from tire rub. stop whining.
 fire in apartment building on the 2000 block of 10th ave n  @pbcfr on location   smoke from building  avesta cmd
 all i do is smoke weed amp run a lot of plays 
 @massroots i wish sessions had the balls to say medical marijuana has no medicinal value to the thousands of veterans who use it.
 just be needing a lil female to smoke with thats all.
 @realdonaldtrump father  i pray that you give donald trump discernment to weed out the leakers  prayer warrior. mr pres pray for discernment
 lol just cause this bitch cute  she think she about to smoke for free   every girl  
 thank the lord for medical marijuana cards 
 when i us to smoke i always had plans 
 recently found out both my parents smoke weed  after years of them giving us shit bout it. but i just be wondering who their  is.
 nigga went from free smoke to this bannna republic shit 
 free smoke is gunna be on a loop for the next 2 weeks everything else is just a bonus
 free smoke already billboard 1 lol
 firefighters in warwick working a fire in a small building on post rd. smoke coming from the roof. appears to be an 
 okay lemme smoke and get into this 
 turns out if youre gunna smoke weed at the club  dont do it on the top stage. well maybe. 
 age limit for tobacco about to rise to 21 starting april 13th lol about to be turning down all you underage cigarette smokers
 hb1043 engross vehicle laws  smoking marijuana in vehicles  prohibition 
 flip it  smoke it  or both. it will be disappearing one way or another  
 pausing at a super cheap motel. no wifi  smells of smoke. did i mention supercheap
 @landinosantana free smoke  nothings into something and portland are all hits
 niggas really not tryna smoke wow this is really crazy
 dont miss our next slow smoke cooking class with valleyfarmmarket coming up before the del mar 
 when people say girls who smoke arent cute 
 when someone says girls who smoke arent cute 
 when you have to febreeze down the living room cause you dont want the peapod guy to think youre the one smoking the worlds cheapest weed 
 but it niggas sitting in the jail for a gram of weed 
 nigga just gave me free weed cause im fine lmao
 smoking weed under star projectors
 soft  sleek and straight | patiences is key  | shadow roots  dimensional smoke iced beige 
 soft  sleek and straight | patiences is key  | shadow roots  dimensional smoke iced beige 
 come smoke out the trap 
 sniper in cancun   tune in to our snapchat all week for a smoke takeover in cancun  buffsbarstool 
 whhhhhhy do niggas smoke hookah
 @cnn @ponjapu wow  but vets that are dying  so they can drink  smoke pot  party nothing or homeless people in america all over our streets
 if im paying 160 for 3.5 grams of weed i better die
 welp somebody broke into my car... and all they took was my weed 
 im staying in the smoke room the whole party
 at nw cannabis club with custom grow 420 and alternative solutions for their special 
 i commend you girls who smoke hookah every single day   idk how ya do . but ill be there to plan ya funeral when ya die cause sheesh
 u and me  we on neptune probably smoking weed 
 why yall is go to these parties to blow yall stink smoke in people faces
 anxiously waiting for @lakimisalive  hopefully can smoke with ya after
 just lemme smoke my weed amp im good 
 if one of your stock photos as a rapper is you exhaling smoke.... youre automatically trash... black and mild breath ass nigga
 seen a nigga today with a fatback cut in 2017  i can already tell that he smokes mid on a regular basis
 free smoke  passionfruit  portland  gyalchester.. like i dont think ill ever be able to pick a favorite
 free smoke  passionfruit  gyalchester  portland.. like i dont think ill ever be able to pick a favorite
 just burnt my hands. i had no spot to put my tortilla down bc there were little piles of weed on the counter. 
 smoking weed sippin remy maaaaannnnneee cuz i been working like a mexicane
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 6900 block of se deardorff rd  portland  or portland fire rp17000022230 2319
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at se 159th ave  se division st  portland  or portland fire rp17000022233 2334
 im going smoke. thatll probably help
 niggas be fuckin bums bruh. how you at the 711 begging for change for a roll up to smoke but got pack tf
 when girls wear lipstick during smoke sessions 
 who tryna get smoked out  females only
 nesha done smoked gabrielle spider looking ass tf out.
  turn your weed off
 excuse me. im going to bathe in gasoline and smoke a cigarette. you wont hear from me. you wont hear me.
 @billnye what is that like many notes in written projector do @billgates burns a light emition needs some smoke of a sort but one day duels
 @glassmonkeygb innovative.  do you carry my book cannabis cocktails thats innovative the 1st book on this topic. 
 on mapleton ave  before it turns into sunshine canyon dr. difficult to breathe because of smoke. fire in distance. 
 chief keef go nigga  run nigga  run from the po nigga.......  me gas what i smoke nigga 
 the large man @ the smoke shop seemed like he did not expect me to know vape language but im sorry to say i do
 but before i slide over there @chelssssxoxo smoke session
 niggas really be feins over weed its sad i
 sunshinefire boulderfire smoke getting thicker  planes flying fast and low 
 aight i do not handle weed very well
 why do girls think its cute to smoke cigarettes in their snapchat stories
 the doh issued an air quality advisory for smoke from the sunshinefire. if you have respitory illnesses  stay indoors. @denverchannel
 drake outgrew the college smokers...dude is tryna get these tracks on at every club in the world. could careless about the kickbck
 myretirementplanis to smoke up all the weed behind the wall on this side...
 light smoke. crisp and easy drinking.  good beer.  drinking a my turn 022 nathan @ zebra   photo
 time to put the smoker through its paces bbq igotthemeatsweats 
 smoking weed under star projectors. i guess well never know where hardvard gets us.
 you can hear the wind picking up. the smoke  still very visible from where we are. air quality an obvious issue. 
 hmmm.. im not sure what i will smoke today oh yes@paulacigars @cigargentcv66 @johnnyorteez @paradigmpres 
 sunshinefire whats the latest update with the wind picking up  seems like volume of smoke has decreased at least fas m centennial area
 damn its wild that nigga drake gave writing credit to 9 other niggas on free smoke but goin in on meek about ghost writing rumors 
 as if the fucking quarter of weed u found in my coat wasnt good enough..fuckin broke college kids using my debit card now. 
 niggas smoke leafs they know what they doing
 my weed plans are growing great. dm me and we can talk about it 
 only dirty niggas smoke dutches.
 @mrbobsensei son he blew me  the only free smoke he giving out is when he spark a nigga up
 holy smokes @wieagles boys basketball are the new york state champions congrats boys cardonisalegend letsgoeagles proudalum
 i need a smoke partner thats a female.
 1. buy a protractor to find out this angle  2. finish metal fabrication drawings for the shop 3. smoke   todays agenda
 talkin bout only lil niggas sellin weed bitch you just mad that you cant afford that zip
 a lot of smoke and wind and super close to town. sunshinefire @ mapleton hill historic district 
 if you smoke biggs unfollow me 
 couple carats in the scepter  im so receptive. shake dice  epileptic...cigar smoke
 writing about my grandpa for class and cryin bc hes turning 90 this year and still smokes and drinks and plays harmonica i love him
 so thats why i saw smoke coming from across the river. 
 chief keef  go  nigga  run  nigga  run for the po  nigga   me   police nigga  gas what i smoke nigga   
 you want to smoke  thats fine  on your lungs be the consequences. but fuck you if youre the type who throws cigarette butts on the ground.
 outside the dollar tree in glendale  a woman asked if id sign a petition for medical marijuana while smoking. i said  no  thank you.
 srs finest double rolled dirt weed  fuck
 i dont smoke for a reason so please keep letting your nasty fucking cigarette smoke blow in my face. 
 i know niggas was turnt in the studio when they played free smoke back
 so smokepurpp has a song with travis scott
 i ont think yall understand how oc free smoke is
 big plume of smoke from my car just ruined all these ppls brunch
 chief keef go nigga  run nigga. run from the po nigga dj stops music crowd gas what i smoke nigga 
 out of all the experiences one can have that doesnt result in immediate harm  short term exposure to 2nd hand smoke is among the worst.
 this free smoke song bout to make a nigga buy some subwoofers in this bitch 
 my next car gatta have astray. cant smoke ya black in peace
 dont block me bc i called you a pot head when all you post on your sc stories is of you smoking weed everyyyy day
 this nigga talking about when em i coming home excuuuuse me i just wanted some weed lmao
 today i learned that weed accounts get you easy follows and likes.
 you smoke started a lot of friendships g 
 @lukesirasayin @sanchovies @nnooahh @heaterman @bigdawgharry chill smoke spots account
 better beer smoke cigarette working insane hours wrong way i dum way be good side of midnight nephews mark make a dollar a profit ultimate
 olehead aint want no smoke with 6 niggas on the train lol
 so she thinks its okay to smoke my shit when i paid for itt
 a tumble weed just blew across our street. so thats cool.
 saw a lot of smoke south of baseline when driving in on hwy 7. different fire boulderfire sunshinefire
 i hibernate smoke the lettuce
 call the bat phone  we need maxcine waters i think theres smoke coming from the bat cave. 
 @djtk nigga i thought you have the weed lol i was going to smoke the emergency weed
 ill smoke wit that nigga 1 day.
 never buy weed from a nigga named roscoe
 i was just thinking  if ur a smoker  i bet cigarettes taste extra nasty in the zombie apocalypse cuz u probably got em off a walker twd
 my top 5 of morelife                1.free smoke 2.gyalchester                                3.no long talk 4.portland 5.passionfruit
 my top 5 of morelife 1.free smoke 2.gyalchester 3.no long talk 4.portland 5.passionfruit
 yall any nigga that lies amp smokes all your weed is a fuckin scrub
 i can already see myself at drakes next concert and him coming out to free smoke
 @tascionemusic hey ur one half of the vape smokers right
 jit scary asf smoked all the work and now he begging  
 skn decriminalising or legalising marijuana is the single most effective way of creating prosperity for its citizens.   fact
 do you smoke  cause weed b cute together 
 wow...lots of marijuana 
 i think this nigga doesnt smoke weed  @kidcannabiz 
 never smoke sativa wax  it will put you over the top tweakin furthest level of geeky zeeky like eb    brandon hasty
 yall niggas get pansy as fuck when it comes to what you willing to smoke some shit out of
 passionfruit. get it together. free smoke. since way back. portland.
 biggest tease having weed and no dutch 
 there was only three smells at sxsw  weed  piss  amp tequila
 smoking weed is nasty you should stop nobody asked you
 free smoke free smoke  i know yall broke so 
 filming video for spanish  tv goes and mexicans love smoking marijuana  
 its a smoke  redbox and chill with my boy kinda night. and by my boy  i mean my dog.
 chief keef go  nigga  run  nigga  run for the po  nigga   earth gas what i smoke nigga 
 after i hit the weed a lot of shit dnt matter no mo
 didnt realize my weedle was female before after the naming was done. 
 fucking ya bitch and turning her house to my weed spot
 all the real smokers get me hoc  
 free smoke is the new anthem.
 if your a boy and you smoke cigarettes what are you doing with your life that shits hella unattractive  
 you see most of these guys do have raw talent just an infantile education so the business feed you all the weed and ecstasy
 you dont even smoke my nigga no tucks youre butt my nigga 
 when you fall for your plugs you tryna smoke trap and then 30 min later 
 if you smoke cigs block me
 @nadia1ro im black nadia  when black peoples gof hiccups thats means there too much smoke or kool aid in my chest lmao
 me an my girl bout to smoke this fat ass b amp lol at the bitch who thought she was tuff but ended up going home with a bald spot.. dito 
 @stephenswsj @jamescomey1 @devinnunes @repadamschiff either its smoke amp fire or smoke amp mirrors no mess in betwee 
 my mom just gave me weed and orange hic in the little punch cup lmao
 play free smoke at my funeral.
 @imyourkid have you ever heard of some one allergic to smoking weed i think i might be because i sneeze so much  1 of 1 rare ginger lol
 we smoked sum gas but we got kicked out 
 who got weed in texas dm me
 tfw you run out of weed 
 holy shit my weed almost blew off my roof right now
 nigga started off the album saying free smoke. ready for waiting for whatever smoke niggas got. legend.
 im in need of weed in my system 
 this nigga drake came at meeks neck so hard in free smoke  damn
 @ajthehater i know right. someone kicked a car and someone else smoked marijuana. its like penn state and baylor all in one.
 @sonia9211 yes officer we have marijuana whatnottosayonspringbreak
 i still cant get over how my uber handed me a stoge amp said i could smoke it inside.... lmao
 @woodywitda annoyed by a nigga and his skimp weed bag
 i girls who smoke on thangs
 if i pass my dad on the road smoking he wont wave at me amp he looks the other way so i just flip him off as i blow my smoke 
 being broke was the best way to weed ppl out
 what do u do for a living i smoke weed
 this is the real deal folks. if there fire to go along with all the smoke  lets put it out now. 
 free smoke  gyalchester  teenage love amp portland are definitely my personal faves. passionfruit will be a summer anthem morelife
 coby sosahow a nigga get rob and he dead broke   me with them dirty ass shoes like you smoke potes 
 @hithaherzog as long as your neighbours dont complain of the smoke form gasoline hitha i say....what ever works for you.
 getting a medical marijuana card
 looking to find a weed man go to any nigga in high school that easy. theyll tell you.
 alternative break kicks off @sacstate in parking lot 10. today  students will be picking weeds and working on an 
 @rtcom holy smoke...
 this. nigga said he smoke that racetrack gas 
 maybe i would hangout w u if you actually went through w the plans we make..... like bitch i got my own weed to smoke. i dont need urs.
 she said if your mom were to see your car how dirty it is ... idk if thats a hint but weed still here lol
 and its easy to smoke it up forget everything that happened in between
 niggas be like i got the dummy gas in 10 a gram lol nigga fuck you and that booty ass nuski smoke
 i made one tweet about a 420 blog and now all the weed accounts wanna follow me
 if you get your medical marijuana card today on the firstdayofspring it will be good until the next firstdayofspring happyspring
 read a book  or smoke a blunt  
 @carlprinetweets hopefully  the next time he drills spicers oic smokes his ass.
 this 370z just pulled up next to me and smoked me in a race lmao but its okay. i retired as the dnt foot race champion 
 @antiochhou @mikebickle @allenhoodihop @mistydedwards @forerunnermusic @antiochwaco cough you gonna smoke when you get out tweet ooohhh
 and a 250 000 permit for new salt  smoke location in old del pietros at 5615 hampton. that story 
 uhhhh weed burnthatshit 
 i just found a random jar of weed in my room 
 who smoke when they working out  and who wear makeup like that when they working out 
 cuz if im at an outdoor function smoking is a must ..... i always be lurking for a smoke spot 
 @workeatlive yeah she said come smoke one at your crib so let me know whats up later this week
 @markberman @presssec fbi investigating collusion since july. there must be a hell of a lot of smoke if they are still investigating.
 niggas consciously avoiding free smoke  niggas really be hoes
 bouta smoke these niggas on the gokarts
 whenever we were weeded and someone ordered one and the grenadine was across the restaurant @litalkuchuk 
 niggas in the county have the best weed
 why the people behind me in this ritas talking bout how to properly smoked weed lmao
 i dont smoke weed to turn up  
 if you smoke cigarettes while youre pregnant youre probably a piece of shit
 my aunt built a cute little smoke spot behind my house and its pretty littt
 picking up brooklyn from school  me you smoke crazy today brooklyn nope
 my nigga walked up to me and said you look like you just read a book and smoked a blunt with those glasses on. lmao 
 @mellokittv @tommyembaoba @rohanmorris3 @pokemondeadguy i believe in proper english terms he is a surgeon of sorts with marijuana spliffs ha
 you only smoke that good shit well my nigga touch
 this is so wild. i was working a few blocks away and watched the smoke get thicker in the sky smh 
 niggas smoking more rollup then weed  
 i been sleeping on the absolute best reason to get a medical marijuana card
 @erinburnett no fire necessary when media  other dems are the ones blowing smoke
 i can tell you niggas broke cause aint no weed in yo cigar
 @erinburnett no fire necessary when mediaother dems are the ones blowing smoke up publics butt.
 @erinburnett fire not necessary when mediaother dems are the ones blowing smoke up publics butt.
 dont listen  @chelseahandler go 2 vancouver bc i hear the weed is great youll love it rains a lot put thats the 
 sparks r emerging frm billows of smoke surrounding trumps relationship wrussia  @politicalant @roseamund @jptrib1
 the area around 115th amp ballentine has multiple fire trucks lining the street. the smoke is very thick. the smell i 
 top 3 songs on more life  1. portland  2. passionfruit 3. gyalchester hm free smoke
 the smoke is getting thicker. theres a new fire in the area.
 thats how i got the weed spot  i shot dred in the head took the bread and the lamb spread 
 the smokers club 420 bout to be lit  yuhhhhhh 
 i want to go to the smokers club 
 my mom just said she wanted to chuck clouds but she doesnt want to inhale smoke she just wants to be able to blow out smoke 
 why are people giving me weed
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at ne martin luther king jr blvd  ne knott st  portland  or portland fire rp17000022691 1805
 i swear everyday all of oswego if youre not inside watching netflix youre either smoking weed at the gym or out to eat
 when ur life is slowly devolving but cute girls and weed make everything okay 
 bro say he smelled weed. and made me pull in the parking lot.
 i just saw an ad that said you taught your kid to talk  walk and more. talk to them about the safe uses of marihuana 
 some see a weed  others see a wish wish dandelion clintwoodva 
 @elenes what a smokers club lol
 i gave my sister a plug and she texted asking for weed but used the  i hope he blocks her
 im at smoke amp more in glendale  az 
 everywhere i go someone thinks im high thraxed out of it or on some super nova type of weed but ive never tried that devil lettuce
 sr455 passed recognizing a smokefree paso del norte on the occasion of its 15th anniversary. 
 what sort of weed are you using where you are in any danger of overdosing 
 i got females sellin better weed than all you niggas smh
 sam youre the only young chick i know who can smoke a lot. .... 
 girls who smokedrink are so unattractive .
 woonsocket on broad st. smoke investigation. cos on the way
 @roguepotusstaff @kittelieder what about the other 4 investigations all of them smoke amp mirrors
 my lungs need a break from my smoke box. my lungs are liquified.
 niggas be so tight when it comes to paying for tooka but my nigga you asked to smoke with me  why am i putting in
 @alekbittinger whoa dont get carried away it depends how many weeds u have fr
 damn. weed smell like fuckin cat piss
 if u smoke  cigarettes your disqualified
 2 weeks amp going with no weed in my system 
 yg we dont smoke papers  niggas only smoke swishers. knock a nigga out like deebo nigga   me boom bah bink one h 
 i wish i could buy weed w my debit card
 lowkey cant wait to hear free smoke in the club whenever i decide to step out.
 niggas be geeked up to smoke like thats they life   shit was never that serious
 @connermagar13 probably pulling weeds
 well just smoked a blunt in a slide  that was pretty dope.
 cant smoke weed for the next week  so its back to chakra cleansing and working out instead
 if any ohioans are still awake its crisp misty hazy and beautiful outside.. smoke some weed and go for a walk
 when a female think you bouta smoke them out foh you matching or pitchin
 rays older sister bought an eighth of a gram of weed thats all stem for 20 dollars.....whoever did this is the king of finesse
 fuck pr on my life hopefully japan smokes these bum ass niggas
 smoking on gas who want smoke just brought twin 4 os
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 2000 block of n alberta st  portland  or portland fire rp17000022755 2248 pdx911
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 3000 block of sw 10th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000022757 2303 pdx911
 i have no plans on doing any of the weed coke ideas i posit on twitter i hope some one makes a selfie mirror though 
 @juztleanwidddit satan  weed  remy boys. next lol
 smoking weed is such a turn off
 smellin like dolce amp gabbana. i can probably hit ya baby mama. blowin on a pound of marijuana. presidential kush i 
 everybody wanna smoke gas but they all want 10 a g  get yo broke and non smoking ass away from me. if you cant afford it smoke reggie
 youve been selling weed nigga  you aint a plug nigga 
 supervisor def knows i smoke weed. asked me how im doin and i said well rested. he says marijuana will do that to ya.
 were like fire leaving smoke behind
 put moonrock on the weed you can smell it when it burn.
 this plane smells like straight weed where theres a will theres a way. delta is turning into spirit airlines.
 fucking with my niggas ill smoke a zip
 its my birthday smoke 1 for me buy me a drink its a real nigga holiday happybirthday 
 i think my top 5 tracks on more life are free smoke  passionfruit  blem  portland  and sacrifices
 @litboytee @loosecannon  he be shotgunning the smoke from her pussy that dirty nigga
 how you let the kid fighting ghost rapper rumors turn you into ah ghost aye free smoke 
 ur wylin i smoke white boys for even thinkin bout it 
 my weed loud  i know you hear it
 niggas literally come up with weed names in a split second
 if she smokes them fugs  cigarettes yes 
 im tha type of nigga that smoke like a swisher. 
 because i clearly had a fucking appointment . and then the bitch thats going to observe me smokes a cigarette before coming into my car so
 three way tie. passionfruit  portland amp free smoke. 
 she plays pot and smokes a lot of guitar
 probably from the weed that went in my system over the years 
 hfd 1st alarm for residential fire on se cedar between 2nd amp 3rd. smoke showing.
 this dude just blew his vape smoke at me today is cancelled
 i remember some nigga really tried to tell me i had to choose between him and weed. like nigga  weed is permanent. yo ass is not.
 @saidthesky @3lau @weareneonheart did you vape into the guitar to make it smoke.  be honest
 white girl gets pulled over for speeding  expired tags  has weed and  a busted tail light and gets off with a warning
 im just tryna smoke and all da plugs slackin
 catch all the cancun action on our snapchat buffsbarstool with smokeshow eliza  
 to the person who took all my smokes and left a five dollar bill inside da pack  youre dead to me
 the really sad thing is  well grown weed doesnt always look good. a lot of what youre smoking on is pumped with banned fertilizer. gjfbbfjs
 nigga u not struggling either bro lmao look at all the weed 
 @goldyflexx smokes cigarettes 
 when someones bout to throw a fat ass roach on the ground amp ur weedbroke 
 running a paid study40 at ttu  of you know someone who smokes cigarettes please share 
 running  paid study 40 at ttu  if you know anyone who smokes cigarettes please share 
 fyf or smokers club 
 let me stop slandering qbs tho cause mines is currently tom savage and behind him is brandon weeden
 hate it when i follow puppy accounts and they retweet tweets about weed and sex lmao
 this nigga sc me holla ik you called me bc you wanted dick. like i did but not yours. youre not even relevant. we just wanted weed.
 folks the translators coming into help with parent teacher conferences are smokeshows
 smoking marijuana  eating cheese doodles  and masturbating do not constitute plans in my book
 suffern doesnt have a guy who will blow smoke  according to gamma. but he has lots who will throw strikes amp change speeds. lohudbaseball
 niggas talkin bout puttin weed in the goddamn taco.... come on yo
 just had evann burn sage and disperse the smoke around me and my blanket cocoon to cleanse me of negativity.
 her weedman was one of my bds weedman lol i been here befo
 glad @kwanzahall is working on legislation to decriminalize marijuana possession in atl. saves money amp is important step in justice reform.
 if youre trying to drink andor smoke for free... vote for me 
 @eeehse @mitchellvii i think ur confused as 2 who blew what or was it who smoked da cigar oh well  lemme go write a check 2 cgi oh wait
 shid if i was a weedman  i would try to shoot when a female shop with me too.
 a nigga want smoke we go over board foe n em gon slide like a hover board 
 i love a hood nigga that only gotta soft spot for me . like yeah baby tote that gun and smoke yo weed just love me an buy me food after 
 educate yourself wv  inside medical marijuana on netflix 
 gas what i smoke nigga
 shoutout to the walter white headass lookin fool smoking weed in his mustang
 i dont see how females just let niggas ride around in they car and smoke all damn day
 im sorry i was busy  wtf doing what  i was exhaling smoke
 srif pathognomonic ropy interstitial fibrosis in emphysematous lung  seen only in cigarette smokers 
 the latest on the reason for black smoke coming from old chicago earlier this evening. 
 any female that smoke gets jugged on atleast 3 times out the week . but you niggas tricking so it balance out
 so this shorty i was talkin to curved me cus i smoke too much weed 
 @customgrow420 ran into you@the nw cannabis club last week. i would love to get you some samples from our dispensary alternative solutions.
 keef go nigga  run nigga  run for the po nigga me gas wat i smoke nigga 
 i dont see how niggas can smoke blunts on an empty stomach
 cant get cancer if u smoke the cure
 blowin more smoke than a broke exhaust
 buy less cigarettes and buy more weed 
 whats a bad random song to hear when youre buying weed in a sketchy neighborhood i say mary j blige   im going down
 it aint bout how it look its bout how it smoke you lil niggas be lost 
 @ruddybuddy17 the ghosts wanted more weed
 @houstoncowboy88 not true...im just not going to blow smoke
 i was listening to free smoke and when drake said yall keep playin witcha nose i was picking my nose 
 bout to blow my apartment up.  i hate the smell of weed 
 me and connor was on the same team and all that matters is that he smoked ya ahhhh thanks ya tho scifo 
 im tryna buy some weed
 my local weed shop asked me to save 250 receipts to received a 20 voucher   like yall going to have people with ziplock bags on deck.
 tobacco smoking causes cancer amp kills people. ok now  co2 smoke kills planet  animals amp civilization. whynot solve it @housegop @senategop 
 i just found out my cousin who is my age smokes n other shit i never thought n im pissed.we could have been geekin @ the christmas parties
 rip lil smokey nigga this aint no hook this one for my nigga 
 probably cus i get invited to smoke 10 times a week amp say no
 niggas get crafty when they need that smoke  
 i deff need to smoke again
 when mom blows smoke up ur ass  
 lots of smoke but no fire yet in u.s.russia investigation 
 @clarissaxx93 dude. try realllly hard because i miss you guys. itd be cool to see you all and smokea blunt together 
 joke on you officer i have more weed in my boxers 
 jokes on you officer i have more weed in my boxers 
 a puff of my weed . if im in the club i got my vape lol 
 within the last hour  nws taunton radar showed a smoke plume from the rockland fire. 
 lots and lots of smoke. and as weve seen recently in kc  that usually means one thing. 
 @laurenmaryj1 come smoke dabs in the parking lot before this cunts class lmao
 @pettytrasia well what kind of weed was it  i need to be fried
 my birthday is a week and a half away.. send me money  booze  and weed. k thanx.
 portland gyalchester  free smoke   and passionfruit are .
 crazy how i see smokers out on vigorous walks for exercise while smoking a cigarette  that is just the biggest epic fail 
 why do people smoke cigarette on snapchat lol get them nasty shits outta here
 we will be burningtolearn a house near se 75th amp tv hwy today from 93pm. expect smoke in the area. home is slate 
 all niggas tweet about sports  weed  how bitches aint shit  and song lyrics.
 witnesses stated they heard a boom  and then smoke coming from a vehicle. 
 ten bum niggas inna trap house  smoking weed with no job        an laying on they bitch couchtfff
 @teresakiev lol im joking u better not smoke you buggin b
 not a monday morning smoke... but a good one @nhale1300 @cigarchairman @paradigmpres @mclaurin69 
 nothing to see here folks  nothing to see... no that dumpster behind me is not on fire. i know you see smoke and so 
 venmo me 5 so i can buy weed
 im not a smoker i just cough a lot
 @marcuswickes haha  all the smoke from these fires must be getting to my head
 i hate when niggas who sell weed flex with all the weed they got nigga thats yo job
 what would i do without coffee probably smoke crack
 i replace jlo with a random girl i used to text when i rap free smoke.
 yes blow your vape as much as you can as i walk by. its such a turn on. i love walking through clouds of smoke on my way to class.
 crazy how people will complain about the cold weather  but expose their hands to smoke a cigarette
 im about to sound like a real millennial hippie but tobacco causes cancer and marijuana can stop cancer before it starts  so  what the shit
 when your weed blow away 
 thats..... thats a lot of marijuana 
 if you smoke cigarettes thats an automatic 5 points in my book
 gas what i smoke nigga .
 probably should have got ready then smoked ... bc 
 fuller road fire chief says 5story apt fire is accidental unattended cooking. chief says smoke was big issue  res 
 love a nigga that smokes 
 new water pipes now available @hilifesmokeshop @ hilife smoke amp vapor shop 
 kid at moonrise 16 was picking up roaches off the ground and asking people if they wanted to smoke with him. 
 my more life top 5   1. gyalchester 2. free smoke 3. passionfruit 4. teenage fever 5. 4422  i liked a lot of the songs tho so it was hard
 my blunts can blow smoke rings all by themselves.
 lmao i smoke up my blind dog with cancer and diabetes fuck off 
 house full of weed drink fuckin moet
 i went to kmart to look for hemp twine and the employee i was talking to thought i was asking to buy weed in some sort of code.
 heres a look at the rosters for the hit in havre. holy smokes theres a lot of talent spread across these teams. s 
 a lot of shit getting on my nerves today. i need to smoke. thats prolly why.
 i bought it cause i thought this was a clever way for my nigga to smoke  
 theres so many cute boys in my sociology class. once again  i sat next to the same lightskin boy with his nice beard who smells like weed.
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 9000 block of n denver ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000023152 1313 pdx911
 ima go see stephen a smith at osu just to hear him say stay off the weeduh
 the kush that i smoke will blow your lungs out 
 niggas throw dirt on ya name just to fw ya old hoe  nigga throw dirt on my name imma give his ass smoke
 listening to this girl behind me talking about her first time smoking weed in the parking lot 20 min ago.
 chief keef go nigga   run nigga   run from the po nigga   me  an individual who doesnt smoke gas what i smoke 
 @replamalfa i am a constituent from weed ca 96094. as your voice mailbox is full this message is requesting that you block aca repeal plan
 stupid for thinkin his z could smoke a challenger wyd homie 
 @fetihlover who can not like a smokey black latex butt.
 idk who smoke is but fuck it free dat nigga
 lmfaooo every time i bump to free smoke i think of kris cus hes the type to say things like free shmokee
 lmfaooo every time i bump to free smoke i think of kris cus hes the type to say things like free shmoke  free shmoke
 when i see spiders in my smoking area  i just smoke them out so theyll eat more fliesml. also im afraid to kill some of them  theyre huge
 yall niggas be eating ass amp pussy then smoke with ya friends but be worried about what a female doing with her body  shut up dirty 
 all yall do is smoke amp party get it together
 you cant smoke if you dont have a medicare card @gensaharov
 so @nathanyoung900 plug onnat gas  not the gas u smoke looool
 saw some dude doing weed at a party last week he was bad news
 my grampa got a medical marijuana card and im super jealous
 this dude just bought three black and milds  he about to smoke a lung
 the weedman 
 everybody at my job smoke all you smell in the parking lot is loud
 selectmen unanimously oppose creating a cannabis committee lexingtonma
 a great place to have a smoke  get a daiquiri from just down the block and play cards. i lost @theartofthexpat won 
 where there is smoke  is either a fire or a guy with a smoke machine 
 i wish @trap smoked so he can buy my drugs. but....babylungs 
 @kennymopennies fuck that lil nigga spinning  i want all that smoke from lil pussy ass nigga
 fuck weed smoke books @c3llard00r
 niggas talk the most shit behind my back but in my face never wanting smoke
 i get this a lot  you look like that type that smokes tf nigga lmao
 i would smoke my nigga if he ever tried to disrespect me like that 
 fuck it im finna become the weedman
 illinois to join recreational marijuana states its too late  i broke up with you. im in florida now bish
 face it folks  it was never about @hillaryclinton s emails. just smoke and mirrors...and putins in your yard.
 this is for them high niggas  roll one up amp smoke nigga @wizkhalifa
 this nigga done smoked all the gas  
 think im a smoke just a few more grams before calling it a night
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at se mitchell st  se 80th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000023242 1933 pdx911
 dude rollin a blunt on the toilet talkin bout we smoke a lot  
 yall spend a buck and some change to limit yourself to having to smoke a whole gram at once... buy a bong and get smacked off .2 my dude
 bitch you smoke cancer sticks 
 all naptown weedman should just retire .
 i dont smoke to be cute i smoke to get high.
 i probably smoke too much
 all niggas my age wanna do is some weed and party how bout stack cash and pray
 me but instead of smoke i play xbox and my shorties name is alicia 
 i wish i had friend to smoke weef with and play guitar
 all i want to do is hangout with my honey and smoke out of the bong
 all wed do is smoke and play mario kart.
 the taco truck across the street from work in the weed dispensary parking lot lolol @ 
 they rap like niggas do when they get together and smoke. 
 drive around with your friends  smoke a gram of that haze   easy on that ounce thats a lot for the day   but just enough for the week
 @katyperry weed  this stuff is just not something that makes ones system healthier..i just want to give you....16 of the biggest....
 my roommate for meps had the worst snore ive heard to date. dude sounded like gargling water mixed with a weed whacker all at once...
 hopefully i dont smoke tomorrow .
 @titilayoabah @bbnaija what has weed and drinking brought up in this issue are you better than him  see your ugly face
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 5800 block of ne glisan st  portland  or portland fire rp17000023315 0251 pdx911
 i remember in high school being bummed that i couldnt afford the weed i wanted now im bummed i cant afford the sportscar i want
 callin your what your pot ritual is  or was  if you recall 18777642535. well see if this helps or hinders the rec weed cause. pot
 the term disingenuous term incidental collection implies theres no fire to go along with the proverbial smoke. 
 @krypt3ia smoke and mirrors. investigation
 repost weedpillow nugpillow   shop all styles link in bio  ||| nugpillow thenugyoucanhug 
 fairhaven smoke shop is so awesome they opened a location in dartmouth this week so i stopped in yesterday
 i put on all my sweet smelling thangs to now go stand in smoke...lovely...
 youre minds long gone  youre run down  youre all out of smoke
 @kzieff btw nothing personal but you smoke nasty nasty ill always spray you wdisinfectant   just ask off to devilment now. see ya
 can we please stop pretending marijuana is harmless  via @bostonglobe
 rissy just said about rihanna she deff smokes lmao like babe youre mad late she been a pothead
 all i smoke is gas these niggas broke
 for my cancer stick smokers 
 finding some of my friends smoking uon the block while im walking and smoking to my others friends to smoke up lmao
 you dont need to walk the dog to smoke a dogwalker by @paulacigars @cigarchairman @puroscigarshop @paradigmpres 
 big sean sunday  21 savage april 10  smokers club 420  bout to cop that fyf payment plan tomorrow  justin in august
 how yall have thousand dollar rigs but smoke 20 concentrates poopsouppatrol
 mexican girls used to put their weed in their horchata wen the dogs came at hs
 how yall have thousand dollar rigs but smoke 20 concentrates poopsoupwax
 @blaxkwood666 no way you beat his ass. he smokes wif cigarettes
 free smoke free smoke ay is what the white girls say at a party when the plug walk in.
 @therb35 @mikeyc511 remember the diesel we smoked in your parking lot in high school...
 someone slide through n smoke sumn
 is the backwoods and weed giving me cancer
 convinced smokey bones poisoned me cause my stomach been rocking
 whats your smoke purp accounts @ @judgd
 only nigga who got a valid reason to smoke ports is niggas in county 
 niggas was hating on backwoods when i started smoking them now all yall smoke em  talm bout its too harsh 
 like nigga who tf gon smoke a helicopter not me 
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 5300 block of ne 33rd ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000023397 1118 pdx911
 yall think its cute if a girl smokes cigarettes 
 bout to smoke dis cantaloupe
 @mizzcreme @unbiasreview @dosrivers thats possibly the worst analogy ive ever heard. itd be like saying crack and weed are the same. 
 dont think cuz i smoke a little more than a lot that i be trippin
 nah rt @shyilaaa yall think its cute if a girl smokes cigarettes 
 currently on the scene of a fire at 133 princeton. smoke filling the street. turning on the hydrant. stay tuned. 
 @zluketheduke biggest fire and smoke ive ever seen
 @realdonaldtrump your tweet convinces me that there is fire to go with the smoke. makerussiagreatagain
 drags it and blows all the smoke away 
 i need my weed card
 tats on my face weed in my vape
 soft  straight and sleek lob | shadow roots  dimensional smoke sand iced beige balayage melt 
 soft  straight and sleek lob | shadow roots  dimensional smoke sand iced beige balayage melt 
 lights  camera.... smoke brian has got a bbq doc in the works  stay tuned heres head smoker 
 have you tried turning it off and on okay  just smoke some cookie and ill be over in 15 minutes 
 since 1100 austin fire has responded to 51 grass fires and 10 smoke investigations. improperly discarded cigarettes 
 @bbaiils selfish and... selfish and... smoking the reefer
 if you broke why do you smoke idgi 
 all female do now is smoke
 im from chicago where the bitches think cause they cute they can smoke for free 
 cause they trap yo smoke for free 
 how you let the kid changing career paths turn you into a ghost  free smoke. more life. mmg 
 drug dogs find meth  marijuana and gun at denver vehicle impound facility  
 @mindaika go smoke some pot  burn down portland  or  and hug a tree dumb hippy.
 i used to be like ill never do anything but smoke weed now im just thinkin like whats next on the list
 living in a dorm. is so whack. when you smoke so much
 i hate a female who smoke cigarettes or blacks so aint no way im letting one give me no head lol
 i need some marijuana in my system .
 gas is what i smoke nigga 
 i swear my biggest turn off ever is cigarette smokers .
 old farm folk smoking weed 
 holy smokes i just saw a bird pull a worm from the ground. nature
 yall cap...... this a lot of weed and that comi from me  
 @johnnyorteez @myfathercigars @cigarchairman @rciaschini @paradigmpres @hnjad @jeffbotl good smoke. i did it justi 
 i welcome vetted mexican people because they love america amp our way of life their hard working peopleneed to weed out criminals mexican
 just heard a marijuana radio ad
 if youve ever wondered what i mean when using the term dirty smoke gt 
 hb886 engross relating to the powers and election dates of the hemphill county underground water conservation d... 
 @shondarhimes got me pacing my living room floor  nerves shot to hades  amp in need of a cigarette  amp i dont even smoke. not huck scandal
 i know they smoked the nigga in the locker room. nigga really just blew the game smh
 4422   free smoke   passionfruit amp get it together are my favs 
 college broke is having to cash your coins in a coin machine to buy weed and pump gas with 10
 i always smell weed at the crunch parking lot
 im already preparing my lungs for the excessive amount of secondhand devils lettuce smoke ill inhale at milky chance lmao 
 when niggas say i hate girls who smoke we mean the ones smoking cigarettes. not the ones smoking a blunt with weed.
 random tweets...  you dont have to smoke weed to hangout with me.. i smoke weed  you do you i will do me..  no judging at all..
 you probably smoked with him 
 lol my mom gives my dad 15 for every week he doesnt smoke. my dad was so happyamp he was like she even puts it straight on my debit card
 i weed luv sum would 4 my bday ty
 suchhh a great night absorbing females in cannabis.. their journeys  their reasons  their passions. lovesf cannabis intersectionsf
 no nigga pull up on your block we gonna blow nigga go nigga run nigga run to the po nigga guess what i smoke nigga 
 what you mean them niggas gas up to i done smoked with niggas in the league so im not seeing your argument amp i don 
 no nigga pull up on your block we gon blow nigga go nigga run nigga run for the po nigga gas what i smoke nigga 
 5 am is smoke i wouldve paid for 
 i heard someone at the smoke lounge mention djkemo when i brought up top5 canadian producers what do yall think 
 if you make smoking videos you should probably inhale the weed..... 
 if she smokes vape  she a thot
 would you rather smoke a cigarette or a gram thats been snuck to you in jail by a nigga  who had to put in they ass  
 the absolute worst part about concerts is smelling weed that you dont have
 burn it down till the embers smoke on the ground and start new when your heart is an empty 
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at ne 38th ave  ne sandy blvd  portland  or portland fire rp17000023564 2251 pdx911
 conspiracy theorys and ganja hours
 if she smokes blacks with her she real
 if she smokes blacks with you she a real one
 been up since 130 watchin weed vlogs  these shits is hilarious 
 pass the weed to the pastor we all sinners
 i know a lot of uptight bitches who have never tried weed and i think its a direct correlation
 @tedlieu @realdonaldtrump universal single payer. medicare for all. legalize weed. death with dignity. whats so hard about that
 we smoke a lot this shit could get messy
 burn it down  till the embers smoke on the ground  and start new when your heart is an empty 
 niggas say they selling weed i sell moonrocks 
 lmao naw nigga i meant we smoked a nigga  
 for top shelf weed a 3.5 gone run you 5560 on the streets 
 magnolia will be setting our booth up this evening so we be be rocking it out at hempfest on saturday and sunday. p 
 aztryd the only girl whos down to smoke with me this early lol
 ever nigga in houston swear they weed is some gas. that shit is all lies. you have to go on scavenger hunts to find the gas out here.
 walked into a cloud of cigarette smoke and now the smell is still lingering in my nose. fml
 suede cards with spot uv logo and velvet lamination for smokestorm restoration @ velocity printing 
 2nd stop on the wildfiretour is march30th at litloungedtla private cannabis night club 
 nigga yanni talm bout where da weed at 
  ugh leader isis jfk liked hitler. maybe him heard of podesta. i cant say. come back after the weed wears off.
 just say no to dirty smoke. 
 @warddavide saw a ton of smoke coming from the ne this am.  i figured it was a calamitous wildfire  but turns out it was just your bracket.
 mfs be like can i buy some weed i only want a gram but im in chicago  .. i aint coming that far just to put the shit in my gas tank 
 if you eat before you smoke youre special ed  because we all know everything taste better when youre high  
 i can feel the weed on my lungs 
 tackling cancer treatment myths  from clean eating to cannabis  2017  with research linked 
 canadians must throw away an awful lot of weed 
 i wonder if police officers can smoke cigarettes in their police cars 
 lung cancer in not only a smokers disease know the subtle symptoms cancer 
 jon wolfe is so underrated.  ready to see him play at the weed tonight
 this child just said the weed look dirty 
 @id3vin wyd smoke sumn
 back of the spot smoked out thats how you find me
 picked up 2 grams pink cookies  8th of cherry pie  2 grams of cheese quake and 3 grams of gsc for 45 bucks. fuck a weed man
 i hate when im copping from a new plug amp he talking about watchu bouta get into  can i smoke with you no just give me my weed pls
 these mugs on vice are literally getting paid to smoke kush not fair
 he say smoke 1 w a broke 1  
 free smoke to whomever touched my nigga kaine.
 prescribed burn going on at lake james state park today. winds taking smoke to the ne. @ncforestservice 
 crazy how the nfl ruined josh gordons career cause of substance abuse issues when really my dude just loves to smoke weed 
 to the guy in the prius wearing camouflage blowing an excessive amount of smoke i just wanna let you know  we get it...youre a vape god
 just want know if i could smoke ina party tonight cuz that last club blew me from the start 
 bro quavo smoked that portland.
 i hangout with the plug we smoke out the pound 
 ha. oh well. i was tagging the wrong good one smokers @goodonesmoker @chefsteps @meathead oops.
 come through and smoke some gas  bottles on deck   dm for location 
 the govt is making too much money off of obamacare a tax to get rid of it. repeal was likely nothing but ass smoke from the beginning.
 yachty probably the only new wave rapper that chooses to not smoke or drink i respect it
 i just saw the biggest tumble weed of my life
 aside from its obvious cannabis uses  the magicalbutter glove and strainer have been rocking 
 my coworker owed me a slice of pie amp this mf said im just gonna give you weed. this nigga gave me a gram last night. 
 a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke.
 throw my smokes out
 i was in a na meeting and this kid was whining about his weed addiction. so for my turn i talked about how caffeine ruined my life 
 a female that smoke cigarettes is unattractive... dont @ me
 @pourmecoffee @mfeldstein67 he should get a medical marijuana card. that might help.
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at ne 44th ave  ne sandy blvd  portland  or portland fire rp17000023711 1416 pdx911
 william ittners 1907 hempstead school faces demolition. 2014 fire severely damaged the roof. senior housing may re 
 nigga want smoke we cancer 
 @margotwood i think lani taylor daughter of smoke amp bone lives in portland  or.
 sunday. philly. private smoke club day party. contact me or @rediroc215 if youre not plugged in 
 now ryan knows why boehner chained smoked on his good healthcare plan. trumpcarefail
 sunday. philly. private smoke club day party. contact me or @rediroc215 if youre not plugged in 
 why do these cute girls smoke cigarettes i honestly just loose all interest once i see it
 must b nice to have loyal friends to smoke you out when youre broke  
 who tryna go to the mall ill smoke ya out lol
 @angypoo i assume it applies to everyone under 21 which is dumb considering everyone and their dog smoke cigs in portland
 dense smoke advisory berkeley county 8pm10am dense smoke from prescribed burn. will impact rte48 45 41 17a 52 s 
 70 degrees on a friday man its bout to be a helluva day in the d coney patron weed lamb chops sex niggas mean muggin in they lil chargers
 to express my excitement for mpj coming to mizzou imma smoke 4 to the face tonight 
 its 2017 for goodness sake can we stop pretending weed is the devils lettuce and move on
 cant waittt to smoke some of the devils lettuce.
 i just seen someone call weed devil lettuce 
 a girl that smokes whether it be weed or cigarettes is not the one for me  biggest turn off ever
 i challenge @jimmiejohnson   any track  any vehicle  anywhere  i will smoke his sorry ass. chad not allowed.  
 mario elie looks like hes jonesing for a few smokes
 i can smell the smoke from the forest fire inside the dorm...our poor mountains 
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at se 8th ave  se stephens st  portland  or portland fire rp17000023745 1704 pdx911
 handing out free smoke lemme know if you tryna cop up 
 out here just blowing smoke and going broke
 i would be a lot more sensitive if i aint smoke weed 
 @inglockwetrust @icrashcars72 i was a smoker for years...i was being sassy re obamacare..peace 
 lantana structure fire 400blk w ocean ave  pbcfr bc91 onscene of s 1story house  flames amp smoke from the eavesroof area  fire
 lantana structure fire 400blk w ocean ave  pbcfr bc91 onscene of a 1story house  flames amp smoke from the eavesroof area  fire
 should marijuana be allowed or banned in the city of lakewood 
 got kicked out my dawg mama crib cause i ate their last slice of bread smh we was high af off that zone weed brownie 
 my bf ruined my lungs w all the backwoods he smokes lmao
 illuminati this illuminati that all we do is smoke woods on the top floor... nothin crazy 
 did you hear what spurgeon said i smoke to the glory of god. fellowship cigargospel 
 i real life have issues i thought my nigga was out with a bitch and drove like 115 down the highway and smoked half pack of marlboros
 was tryina smoke but my bank account was like 
 they say my weed tooo loud and my cup toooo dirty
 chasing brews with vape smoke 
  nagpur rail cops say rats are behind 25 kg missing marijuana. what a day to be alive  via @storypicker
 my son smokey dead missed my nigga nfs
 i smell smoke and sorority girls
 if you smoke dutches unfollow me lol 
 niggas in my dorm really smoked out bumpin  in da club like its 2006
 @woodconnor62 id date the hell out of you  connor weed
 rather be smoking reefer with ray charles.
 not everyone smokes  how bout a nice kai po sesh  geeeeeez lol 
 yall christians think that we humans have only lived on this planet for six thousand years not a second more and yall arent even on weed.
 what a block. holy smokes. underhand free throws and an overhand block.
 an old friend asked why i never smoke wit her but its kuz i heard she got herpes 
 @bryancranston so how do i get the portrast right  @thecampaignbook with chalk smoke area and silver slab of mirror with and old projector 
 the smell of weed is irritating
 @goidbear you probably have some better shit being all close to that giant source of weed 
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 1100 block of n schmeer rd  portland  or portland fire rp17000023808 2200 pdx911
 that was fast and easy. easy breezy beautiful  weed girl
 probably the weed 
 so this redneck just gave me a rant on why smoking weed is bad... in a church parking lot.
 if youre out here using your parents money to buy weed youre laaammeee 
 if youre out here using your parents money to buy weed youre fucking laaaame 
 theres some weed called cat piss
 honestly tonight my gangster was tested. someone blew some damn smoke in my face. ugh
 its so easy to smoke weed
 roll the eye  blow the smoke
 im smoking weed at your local pokestop catching bulbasaurs
 sike   ion smoke .
 a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke
 up late smoking weed and respecting women 
 i smoked a lot
 looks like hemp isnt a censored search term but cannabis is. @aeidinger @twitter @norml @mpp @nowthisnews 
 the rastarun5k is in the books new pr  2203  for me  thats killin it im smoked time 
 lot of smoke around this. 
 what isis moms say over a smoke and some tea.... radicalislam 
 @abc30 @caltranshq @chphq @govpressoffice @jerrybrowngov legalize marijuana  make a  pot tax for potholes  an idea to toss in the pot.
 @vickyrozay12 @realtingreese then we heard the crash and there was black smoke almost instantly thank god no one was in the house
 boehner knew this to be true about ryan. hes having a smoke and a drink while laughing at him. trumpcaredefeated 
 hamont is home to 3 major medical marijuana growers supplying the 130 000 canadian users. scleroderma 
 ideal afterparty quiet music  not a lot of people  and a lot of weed
 @isxo lmfaooo hookah is for the shordies and sqaures really nasty as shit  i dont know why people smoke those
 this hours keyword for @ericchurch tickets is smoke  listen to find out when to text it back so you can see the chief @chrisandninad
 future homie lemme get a gram right quick   future and his crew fuck out here broke boi you cant smoke with us 
 niggas that wear dress shoes with jeans think kendrick smoked big sean
 if youre gonna smoke inhale that shit dont just blow it out 
 i am so done with my granny  we supposed to be gone.. she outside picking weeds. wyd
 my cup doubled because its dirty. ion pass my weed getcha on supply roach ass nigga
 all you vape tank  smokers out there we have these tank concealers that come with an empty tank 
 boys  i hate a girl that smoke                                               me . 
 todays breakfast smoke  courtesy of @rciaschini @cigarchairman @paradigmpres @johnnyorteez @puroscigarshop 
 blow smoke in my face and ill kill ya  
 if youre going to smoke cigarettes at least have the decency to throw them in the garbage amp not on the ground
 if you complain about how much i smoke   you not for me 
 @flysmikes maybe but i dont think human lungs made to injest smoke. any smoke.
 but stern be cracking me up saying i dont smoke weed   my lungs only inhale wax 
 whats the word for marijuana sara  my grandpa
 niggas getting shot over weed now
 through the fog like im sn double op let me guide you through the smoke g
 when you run out of weed. 
 anytime i smoke its cuz im rocking with @goldenhookahok
 my @stance sox lol that fog machine was sooo smokey thanx for coming out sis love uuuu  
 billow ghost smoke from my burning ember bones breath new fire from my ashen charred lips bring a spark of reverenc 
 niggas smoke a lot just to say they smoke a lot
 i smoke weed for the same reason i wear glasses ..to improve my view of the world
 please be weed   been way too long without a classic stephen a. stay off the weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeduh rant 
 probably should not have smoked before this menu test  i cant even remember what bread is
 if you smoke cigarettes you dont value life.
 @coloradobreeder i recent moved to cospgs to join the cannabis movement looking for trimmingtending work you know of anything dm me
 @growohio420 i recent moved to cospgs to join the cannabis movement looking for trimmingtending work you know of anything dm me
 i seen a lot of niggas change over weed amp lean
 @420jobsboard i recent moved to cospgs to join the cannabis movement looking for trimmingtending work you know of anything dm me
 this is now a weed twitter account
 delta days. see yall tonight at smokeandbarrel in @expfayetteville  sprinngtour2017 
 and this weed down here smoking nigga
 and this weed down here smoking nigga
 got 28 grams of loud with no one to smoke it with 
 this is what white girls say the first time they smoke the devils lettuce 
 weed itswhatido @ weed calf 
 loud explosion heard amp smoke seen rising from area of barricaded bus. clark county fire dept ambulance pulled up to 
 @itslaybandz i need a weedman bro
 @sportsrage smoke theres fires lol
 these nigga done brought a bottle of gin and some weed 
 @cbassny would rather smoke cigs than vape
 i wish i brought weed  who has a plug in chicago 
 @rhs @katgleason lol he builds weed humidors for a living amp runs his mouth about an industry he doesnt know shit about. stay in your lane
 ill probably just smoke and treat like any other day 
 about to turn some money into smoke  @silencerco @spikestactical @lwrci1 sbr 300blackout 
 @isitonbeards i rarely smoke cigarettes my lips not black lol
 @anthony93180 @politicalshort @ussocom  the 1st grownup book i ever read. then when i enlisted in 67 smokeys to 
 having endless marijuana is 
 where are the atl weedmen
 real florida niggas smoke dutches or grabba leaf
 what an breath of fresh air to the medical marijuana movement with this chick trixyrixie  i 
 unk ass   but weed nasty doe.  
 re dead ass put the weed down im losing focus
 so while i was backstage for the concert thursday i pick up weed from pnbs room and just now smoking it and boiiii is this shit great 
 you know how gay yall sound calling weed vuu swear yall niggas on some next shit
 wyd after u smoke this make up a new language 
 just saw a dude trying to smoke a stick of incense. good ol hollywood. @ taqueria of hollywood 
 gas what i smoke nigga
 shane smoked without me 
 @caelyngalo @emturcios lets smoke later wyd
 i wanna cute gf i can send random thirst traps too amp smoke fat with   whys that so hard 
 that nigga was bout to cough up smoke  
 great dinner amp a couple smokes @puroscigarshop @cigarchairman @bigduke1127 @johnnyorteez @sonny @theelmcityleaf 
 smokin weed at the crib watchin belly
 fuck around and get smoked nigga  know what im talkin bout
 bout to smoke my lungs out
 allll i smoke is gas nigga 
 i cant fw you broke nigga   couldnt even smoke with you broke niggas  fake selling dope ass niggas.
 late night smoke with my boy yttep  honeycombhideout 
 @600breezy free smoke he really up next obd 
 you probably only smoked like 2 grams  
 you know what i need one more grocery store brand of smokes like youre a goddamn princess. nothing says tramp louder. i am easy.
 giving out free smoke on 2k @ almightychise xbox one 
 @gottabezen thanks for rt the post re melania. just finished working wa client that uses cannabis for spasms. ha 
 @crupicrupicrupi hollywood is smoke and mirrors and meryl streep
 i need a weedman in chicago 
 where my niggas at im tryna smoke
 hmmm.....no more walking in the backyard until its mowed sticky weeds sunshine roadtrip 
 if you think getting drunk is safer than smoking weed  then youre apart of the problem
 clean amp go to the store amp to buy weed probably 
 @terezpaylor whats the latest on chiefs draft chatter i know lots of smoke screen  but anything new
 theres a haze of smoke for miles around in this rural area of christmas  fl @ sr 520 fox35 
 my towm in animal crossing is probably covered in weeds by now
 will i smoke this bitchyes probably fail my piss test 
 how can you afford your daily weed habit but cant afford to pay your cell phone bill priorities nigga smh
 yall hoes date a plug  okay but you smoking all yo nigga weed now how he gone re up   invest in yo nigga bitch 
 the smell of smoldering cannabis wafted down the castle hill street for hours after the flames were put out.  
 im still tripping my nigga 18   fr  but i love u  u know how we rocking and u know it smoke  behind u  
 i had been collecting broken  mowers and weed eaters got one mower working last weekend and started on a weed eater today.
 i want my weedman. nigga just too cool and and not even fine.
 you nasty if u smoke cigs
 wayment smoking weed means you not a christian or marriage material lmao what fucking book are you idiots collectively reading
 to me  theres nothing more unattractive than a girl who smokes cigarettes
 ummmmmmmmmm i am not a smoker yet i have found a random black and mild in my drivers side car door. 
 last night i watched a dude blow his vape smoke out and then proceed to spin in circles and dance inside of it
 if you blow smoke in your pets face idfwu 
 @keithtpowers boy had a hemp necklace  so cute 
 to the chick that took a hit of a blunt and proceeded to blow the smoke all in my face at the dram concert  you are on my fade list
 who is that girl that sings those struggle whisper runs at the beginning of free smoke
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 8600 block of n columbia blvd  portland  or portland fire rp17000024178 1119 pdx911
 also shoutout to the guy smoking weed inside the club lmao you a real one
 i wanna vape so bad rn. smoke out this lawn mower section ha
 really....whos tryn smoke and talk conspiracy theories with me
 dea classifications are a joke. the term synthetic marijuana is a lie. it has zero in common other than its smoked. 
 @bigmike29 ion smoke or buy weed puss.
 i lack female smoke franz
 im gonna have lung cancer with all the cigs my uncle and cousin smoke
 i have a  totally different outlook on our weed back home in texas that shit is really some nasty nothing like that medical out here
 only nigga smoke gas through the drought
 like nigga can i smoke
 we want all the smoke   veryincredible faunigang freeshmoke beachrainmusic @ hollywood 
 hung out with my dad. this nigga smoke weed n i hit his vape . he goes put that back ur mom gunna kill me
 house fire e millrun st amp millrun ct sq14 sq10 sq37 e10 e37 l2 tk2 tk3 bc3 bc4 fto  e37 has smoke showing from garage fs37sq14 fire attack
 @stretchdawalls lol nah you was spot on. females love hooka amp smoke outs
 district 26 crews enroute to assist sultan fire for a working structure fire in startup. e54 arrived  dark smoke coming from 1 story house
 these kids fury oxy orbz and other kids are using drakons and fucking smokes and reg guns because we smacked the dick out of them hahaha
 and i tired a waitin on fuckin niggas to smoke
 just got out of work so who smoke some devils lettuce with me 
 all me and my nigga do is smoke 
 happy birthday to my boy lb from la 2 da a dey know how we rockin cookie crew  cannabis club shit
 already smoked the most fire of fire herb already  i think its time to hang my lungs up 
 working in a marijuana store is probably the closest ill get to being willy wonka.
 @dewhjack62 this how yall az niggas smoke 
 gas what i smoke nigga
 yolo  hop out the whip and im dolo none of you niggas want no smokee
 my mom is like high key pissed i went out last night and knows i probably smoked and shes purposely trying to piss me off ahh
 i just watched a guy blow his vape smoke right into his babys face... 
 @sick6sigma weeded through a lot of videos  never found what you talk about. if you find one  please post link. thanks.
 heard a couple hempstead kids rap no heart by 21 savage to titanium on the piano last night. maybe that school is better than i thought
 i blew my last paycheck on food amp weed thats not happening on my paycheck this week on god im going smack to the mall 
 i really think its kehlani singing at the beginning of free smoke
 i need some weed in my system
 the niggas thug when the clock strikes 12 you no longer have a legal right to smoke a cigarette says thug boy 
 when niggas smoke you for getting to the money  @732cash 
 europe didnt weed out the radicals from the muslim immigrants. hows that working out
 do you know anyone that will let me pay for weed with a visa gift card lex
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at sw sheridan st  sw naito pkwy  portland  or portland fire rp17000024254 1748
 love to fw real niggas and smoke blunts.
 the smoke is killin off my lungs and appendix..
 working on bancroft st fire in hamont  with heavy smoke on scene. 
 but lemme stop lmao overrrr that  who tryna smoke tho
 jose bautista smokes weed. 
 i smoke a lot of gas  drank a lot of surp  did a lot of dirt  flipped a lot of work
 remarkable smoke gaaja maduro @mbombaycigars @smokinflyron @cigarchairman @paradigmpres @nhale1300 @pistolcliff 
 @zenyanna runs to the balcony and blows the smoke outside. anyway thats postgame guzmalusamine
 @paradigmpres @mbombaycigars @smokinflyron @cigarchairman @nhale1300 @pistolcliff @airmunro @nathancaliendo awesome smoke
 miriam ass said smoke in the dark and put the blanket over your head like virgin mary 
 sparked in the parking lot @ work amp my manager talmbout you cute amp youn smoke mid yeen from norfolk lmaoooo 
 well.. just heldplayed with enough bud to be put away until i was applicable for the movie this is 40.. and i dont even smoke. college
 @coleclairelgbt tell her youve joined a new religion and youre a minister now and sex and weed are two of your most important rituals 
 caller to 911 says she smoked k2 and is now having some involuntary movements.
 pero like it was a dry weed vape  and i got it on sale  let them smoke alone for like 20 minutes and they broke it 
  now niggas smoke . gon be high asf messing with me 
 not really.. we smoke here and there lmfaooo 
 its official weed cancer mj 420 kush cured .     weed has officially cured cancer in patient lol 
 ima count a lot of cash smoke a lot gas ima count a lot of racks
 @rehillaryc thx 4 doing what youre doing. there are lots of people who support but dont want to get down in the weeds with twitter crazies
 i think its the weed talkin
 damn canada really the spot now im tryna fuckin slide  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 portland theater  yo. @blitzentrapper and lauren weedman at @pcsarmory i am so happy i got to 
 lurking weed craigslist
 i am sorry about the way i am but god made me and u cant deny god. ay rememer when niggas was smokin fake weed to be cool them niggas dead.
 all yall niggas do is smoke together then talk about each other behind each other backs  yall so fake 
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 600 block of se 52nd ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000024285 2125 pdx911
 lemme stay the night  we can smoke fat
 if you smoke pot dm me 
 im trynna be higher than a mudafucking kiteeee nigga  thats why i smoke 
 nobody likes a im too cute to buy weed bitch
 ima smoke every nigga
 ya muva smoke cigs niggas would slap her if she came up to my dad and asked if he wanted some 
 just a local boy from dutch fork. took lessons with him at weed hill driving range in irmo for years.  blows my min 
 @ohplzlol  no weed emoj@thepeachyfiend  i put in lots of peachs cause u are the perfect drug
 @thumbnthrubenji i might smoke the next one wit yo bitch
 either way  bout to smoke uppppppp
 man  amazons innovation department is probably a funky basement with lots of weed and napkins to sketch on. 
 need to just sleep before i see one more weed tweet
 yo ho hml cus she heard i keep dat rapper weed  
 @norfaerie @kirbypufocia haha get it  i turned it into a tweet about weed
 @masterdave80 @shaggymn1975 i smoke as well.
 they just gon sell this as medical marijuana cause these official growers lazy. 
 i hate staying up this late sometimes because either i drink or smoke out of boredom. 
 be careful who you tell your plans. there are planted seeds. there are weeds that sprout up. even dandelions look p 
 i see me in that ghost with a lot of smoke
 shoutout to the asshole who almost ran me off the road then felt it was necessary to blow black smoke in front of me the whole time. 
 a weed account was my 400th follower
 hopefully everyone near the fire in west oakland is coo. i can see the smoke from my balcony.
 lemme smoke rn b4 someone pisses me off again.
 one pack of smokes from broke. @ kitchener  ontario 
 @vmethyst look at how he smokes lol 
 cartel de santa  mucha marihuana  the canadian brass  struttin with some barbecue 
 this a i smoke blacks all day tweet. 
 a female that smokes weed.. is it unattractive
 if you hate social media so much  why dont you stick to mailers from the local five and dime  and smoke signals  p 
 whos dumb enough to smoke in the girls rr
 why did @kentatted smoke that boy like that 
 the nfl really should get rid of the marijuana policy
 i put ya hoe in the loop ya i blow smoke out the roof  
 why would you buy weed and you broke ... 
 an awful lot of proven smoke for there to be no fire.
 any smoke weed with my niggas
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 700 block of se 106th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000026104 0810 pdx911
 all my friends smoke so i stay smoking i be broke asf but be getting blessed  they some real niggas
 they say girls who smoke unattractive ...  meidgaf ..... 
 serisouly screw you if your truck blows out black smoke for no reason. your nasty 
 my system always got weed in it
 i be smoking reefer with your childs guidelines counselor
 cognitively  marijuana affects your short term memory but only while youre high
 so my professor asked whats the top 5 leading causes of death amp this girl said marijuana confidently.. 
 all u niggas flexin. u niggas would prolly all just say fuck it and have a smoke session. and aint none of u niggas got no cleats.
 trying to smoke some rocks wit my patnas
 delegates debating medical marijuana legislation sponsored by del. cheryl glenn of baltimore. @washinformer 
 you can roll a nigga weed its okay 
 guns in three different folks name  no spot i can just move in cause of a nigga talkin nd some weed. 
 ill smoke with a few of my niggas
 john oliver reviews marijuana laws link the way only john oliver caneven better stoneddh  
 john oliver reviews marijuana laws link the way only john oliver caneven better stoneddh  
 niggas smoke  
 john oliver reviews marijuana laws link the way only john oliver caneven better stoneddh  
 john oliver reviews marijuana laws link the way only john oliver caneven better stoneddh  
 john oliver reviews marijuana laws link the way only john oliver caneven better stoneddh  
 john oliver reviews marijuana laws link the way only john oliver caneven better stoneddh  
 john oliver reviews marijuana laws link the way only john oliver caneven better stoneddh  
 john oliver reviews marijuana laws link the way only john oliver caneven better stoneddh  
 delegates voted against another amendment to add for medical marijuana legislation. @washinformer 
 del. cheryl glenn of baltimore speaks out on her medical marijuana legislation. @washinformer 
 how do i submit a request to change the name of black ice little trees to i swear its not weed you smell  officer
 after nearly 50 minutes of debate  medical marijuana advances to 3rd reader for delegates to vote on legislation. @washinformer
 bihh gone be smokin that molly loud gettin weed off a random ass nigga on rio 
 all that damn smoke and no inhale  
 bitccchhhhhhhh inhale  wasting the god damn weed 
 any idea where this thick black smoke is coming from  it looks like either cranston or south providence @ribns 
 im just trying to smoke out and play some xbox
 if you smoke cigarettes inside your crib... you dont have to worry about me visiting. house smell like a fuqin asht 
 or walking behind them and you get all the smoke in your face smh 
 @caluhhh hbu smoke in a car w the ac on and try to get alllllllll the smoke in yo lungs while doin a ghost
 nigga its just booty weed where you at thats all lol 
 my nigga only smoke backwoods 
 @littludoor its probably where she keeps my confiscated pipe and one 1 gram of weed from when i was 16
 people piss me off saying smoking weed is not cute ummm  im not smoking to be cute  im smoking to get high tf
 dont fucking say my real name to your weedman imma be a cop and pull up on ya
 when youre just trying to get a nice breath of fresh air but the nicest spots are polluted with cigarette smoke 
 why i love spurgeon...   moody youre a christian and you smoke  spurgeon youre a christian and youre fat
 i got faith in my weedman 
 yall do realize niggas that sell weed do it for money... not to help yall broke ass get fat bags lmaoooo.
 the weed turn her into a whole freak. swear the gas brought her out her old shell.
 is anyone truly surprised where there is smoke there is fire this is just one more bread crumb of info about 
 blew smoke.
 @troynoone it was overeating like crazy  i would try and do a pull and it would smoke
 however  the bills sponsor del. cheryl glenn removed language to allow doctros to prescribe marijuana to treat opioid abuse.
 my nigga im tryna smoke
 confetti cake vape @ a no. 1 smoke shop 
 dont go out your way soccs  weed andor cheap stripped shirts are all acceptable and great gifts 
 should i buy more weed
 planning a lit ass pasture party at my crib next weekend ppl from all over drinks smoke spread the word lets get it
 @danstheman2000 yea but broke niggas wanna follow the hype and smoke some nasty shit.
 you dont smoke weed and all yo girl listen to is jill scott  you aint hitin it bruh  message
 this nigga  caleb is over here ktfo on my couch like shoes off and everything  we only smoked one sweet 
 can he play guitar no  but he smokes a fuck ton of weed @alliecakes627
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 17800 block of ne airport way  portland  or portland fire rp17000026193 1533
 everytime i pull what someone pulled on me we suddenly stop speaking. didnt know it was that easy to weed people out.
 like nigga i pay my car rent insurance light  groceries and i smoke hellla got me fucked up
 i was raised in newark nigga   i dont take shorts i smoke niggas 
 i made the fire alarms go off at the mall bc i blew a fat cloud straight at the smoke detector
 ray ladner habitually smokes marijuana.
 im all about my dolla amp im all about my smoke 
 when youre walking around the reservoir and you think you smell a skunk but its really weed 
 @cjnitkowski sounds a lot like @mfollowill if he was a smoker.
 @illmindofjosh youre welcome love  deff gotta link amp smoke one day
 after free smoke i dead had a dream me amp @mariahlynboss were pressing all the buttons on the elevator in the loft .  shit was weird
 negus really got on tl and was hating on shorty for getting more weed than them. ya plug not ya barber nigga. lmao
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 2800 block of se 115th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000026206 1633 pdx911
 gas what i smoke nigga 
 your boyfriend smokes vape pends
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 3100 block of se 118th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000026214 1704 pdx911
 requested 420 off for the smokers club and none of my friends can get it off 
 thank goodness for herbal pain remedies. and by herbal pain remedies i mean marijuana.
 wish i had a cute girl to smoke out
 i want to see nav next month but im already going to smokers club 
 holy smokes i just saw an ad for kfc chicken fingers finally a reason to live.
 gas what i smoke nigga 
 @airmunro @cigarchairman @wessmith62 @cigargentcv66 @mclaurin69 @oppy8107 natty title game smoke is the cusano mi 
 @elonlyman some people want joint pain in their late 20s so they can get medical marijuana
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 7900 block of se 92nd ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000026220 1740 pdx911
 hearts turning black the same as a smokers lungs do.
 i need a dog or weed video asp  withdrawal is of the hook  quiting smoking
 have you ever smoked weed in your college parking lot
 you either smoke or get smoked whitemencantjump 
 if you call dandelions weeds delete me. i dont need that kind of negativity in my life
 shitt im trynna have a reefer party
 fuck around and get smoked nigga  know what im talkin about
 all niggas do is smoke..what yall so sad about
 legalization of marijuana is working fine.  looks like canada is going to legalize. now you have sessions equating weed with heroin.
 @envyglass water pipe now available @hilifesmokeshop @ hilife smoke amp vapor shop 
 @taytaycuttingup  i was playing anyway i dont condone this behavior ms. fuck around amp get them niggas smoked with 
 whatever he wants.. hes up right now. bills paid.. weed in abundance. living. 
 run up a few bands  smoke a few grams 
 nigga smoked 2 footers 
 @senfeinstein just added tax to cigarettes in ca 2.85 cents a pack.i dont smoke but this money is going to medical to  pay for illegals.
 play with me nigga get smoked like a jay...
 i probably just need to smoke...
 probably dont smoke illegal drugs on the porch or ur first floor apartment facing the parking lot
 campus evolution smells like weed 247  has weave covering the parking lots  and catches fire at times. rushcev
 had to stop to pose with one of the natives. @ rez smokeshop 
 pretty sure something is burning in my area because all i see is black smoke 
 i mean i smoke it for free all da time might as well get paid to do it  
 this me and ty after we smoke 
 they broke cuz they do nothing but smoke all they money 
 well shit. now who is gonna rev up at me and blow smoke on the roads now  
 you know damn well this nigga smoke blacks  
 i should get paid in weed to explain shit
 all we do is smoke weed  fuck  shop  and party 
 lets listen to travis scott  smoke amp vibe
 i think i left the weed wacker on in my dorm 
 going to 21 savage on april 12  the smokers club on 420  and travis scott may 31 in salt lake city with @chloebmcgee  its lit bro
 this nigga is the worse fucking weedman . he need to rethink his career 
 run from no problem smoke and face that shit
 i know bitches thatll out smoke a nigga
 dam cant smoke weed fml
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 11200 block of ne sandy blvd  portland  or portland fire rp17000026327 0317 pdx911
 i only know 1 female that smoke how i smoke lol and thats my sister 
 a random come smoke wit me dm at 11pm is a no go ... all these bitches gettin snatched nizz
 falsehoods amp conspiracy theories will thrive like flowers  truth will die with the weeds  congrats to @cernovich  susanrice drudge
 its 3000 so i can buy nigga weed  
 pretty huge clouds of smoke coming from fire in oregon hill. rfd screaming onto the scene.. hope all are well.
 @tommy42069666 i wanna buy us cigarettes cus u lost ur id and chain smoke on your driveway talking about boys amp food.
 get smoked out and i aint talkin bout what you toke out
 nothing gets me feelin myself like a cute dress  weed  and lana del rey
 3 more days for @joeybadass new album and 16 more days till the smokers club show at the @observatoryoc 
 they trying to get you to smoke to hit you with a random  
 del. cheryl glenn of baltimore thanks colleagues in support of medical marijuana in maryland. @washinformer 
 king jaffejoffer  smoke befo my feet hit da flo
 biggest blunt i ever smoked i was with my nigga brev  i aint even have no license i was getting behind the wheel 
 @suckmytweet2x wyd after you get  tryna smoke later 
 i cut all that ratty dye out and my hair curls again i feel so fuxin cute i smoke to this 
 the weed stanking like a chitterling nigga and i got benji on me and he crippin nigga.  thug
 ya girl calling me a burner cus i smoke  
 discernment will allow you to weed out whats not for you @ chicago ohare international airport 
 lets get high i aint talkin bout weed im talking bout gwap. @rocko4real 
 no lie @drake album  it takes me 2  a  day in  or  lots of weed  anyone knows me  knows its a party 
 not smoke but water mist to keep down dust thats now drifting over bancroft mills as demolition continues at slo 
 i smoke some dead niggas
 she stole 10 dollars and some skimp weed im crying 
 and for the dumb mfs that failed biology  you cannot piss weed out of your system. water only dilutes your piss.
 were committed to the cannabis movement by offering respect  education  amp delivering our promises to our patients  
 pass the weed to the next nigga  my bitch dye her hair red for the set nigga 
 smoke weed    stay fresh   get money   keep ah check   like us real niggas dooo  ...
 do yall think its cool for a female to smoke weed consistently while shes pregnant 
 niggas take xans all the time talkin bout dont smoke cigarettes stfu you panzy
 well. the weed cookie that i ate that the resident had previously accidentally given me has just kicked the fuck in.
 @wdfx2eu95 @davidbrockdc dt admin wants you to believe nothing to see here  no smoke  no fire and yet 
 do you wear protective eyewear while weed eating
 i think im going to take the day to just get lit and smoke some fire kush. whats everyone doing today plans tuesday seattle
 this book is brought to you by blood  sweat  tears  coffee  good weed  whiskey  amp the good folks at @madregular. selfpublished
 yep and ill probably buy some weed too 
 hit this vape hits its what flavor is it its weed oh okay
 structure fire3600 blk shady run rd. lightning strike to home  smoke showing. bcfr and melb fire on scene.
 nothing to see hear  no smoke  no fire  its all about the leakers   susan rice 
 nothing to see here  no smoke  no fire  its all about the leakers   susan rice 
 some random 50 year old looking dude just asked us if we knew where to get weed
 like i smoke outside and see all sorts of shit
 as @drake sings... smoking weed under star projectors i guess well never know what harvard gets us
 yall can judge me on this but     i think smoking weed is a turn off . 
 as @drake sings... smoking weed under star projectors i guess well never know what harvard gets us 
 @whitesox cant get over the @cubs   .sox have a add for a weed wackier behind home that cuts through ivy flythew cubs 2016 ws champs
 mixing weed with protein.. because thats exactly the person i am
 dylan rakestraw  a 21 year old unt student  said he likes zebras head prices compared to other smoke shops in the 
 lmao some guy in class brought his weed pen and i took the farted hits rn. bruh im baked going to class
 @texansrocket organic herbal blends for tea  bath vape n smoke 
 1st wave of feminism 1929 tobacco companies paid women to smoke at marches bc it was taboo then. calling cigarettes 
 this is college. we smoke behind the presidents house. @soollivan
 update with hempstead supervisor calling on ed ambrosino to resign and @erinkingsweeney calling for contract review 
 hangout with niggas who post up and smoke all day and sip ... guess what you doin 
 never imagined working for a marijuana company but im thankful everyday for it  ilovemyjob
 plus the parking lot stinks of weed.
 @washingtonpost  look it up sweetie  use that brain  we can see the smoke coming from your ears
 lmao just witnessed a drug deal in the rec center parking lot like straight up saw weed and money i fucking love college
 boy let me just rant real quick about my pos husband who stole like 4 grams of weed out of my roomies o yesterday and today we got proof
 i need a medical marijuana card. immediately
 when the weed not in my system im one cranky mf .
 mood blows smoke in your face 
 @ryangraham10 @davidbrockdc i agree. if you arent smart enough to see the russia angle is nothing but a smokescre 
 contrary to the common belief  marijuana is addictive and its hard for many of us to admit that.
 getting in at hmmj tommorow is free money. first marijuana etf and its canadian based ..
 im bout be my own weed man cus that shit rly be getting old tf
 @manicidiot @eheroduelist @lhenuggetz @kflogan i step away to buy a pack of smokes  and notifications blew up. lau 
 a lodi police detective stops a potentially fatal stabbing inside this smoke shop. hear why his 
 niggas are smoked out they mind 
 niggas smoke a little weed and buy a gun and forget they pussy
 @redmercer i think were supposed to smoke it off tinfoil behind the closed family dollar.
 its so nasty when a girl smokes cigarettes 
 i use to blow but im lowkey turning into a smoker   college done stressed me tf out. 
 hollywood weed
 2 gram 7 pointers of marijuana
 what the fuck does cranston and tarantino have to do with cannabis you high  nigga 
 niggas with dreads smoke cigarettes and blacks all day 
 the white house continues to throw up media smoke screens to derail putin investigation links.
 regular nigga tweet anyone want to go on a date with me to date and busters me who trying to smoke go to dnbs then lemme fuck.
 okay hear me out but tobacco amp weed at the same time
 i can smoke a lot 
 yes hot guy pls blow smoke in my face tysm
 ive survived with 20  gas on e  no food  and my weed jar was empty 
 it is not easy to weed out the roots be planted in me
 at work everyone smokes but ill put money down that whoever smokes the most is female
 im starting to have this weed plant inside the house because now all these flies amp mosquitoes are coming in
 im starting to hate this weed plant inside the house because now all these flies amp mosquitoes are coming in
 dont give a damn bout saving no weed  blow it all my nigga we can get some more
 a party aint a party if my niggas cant smoke
 just throwing this out there but anti smoking ads are insane here  if i want to smoke a goddamn cigarette i should be able to goddamnit
 @malikjawar on my worst days i smoke js  usually a vape or some glass for me
 me  i smell marijuana brandi instantly sniffs herself
 @oliviafcannon find a big one. lol it smokes so long with coals in one spot  im shook
 if you know youre pregnant and are purposely choosing to smoke drink and put your baby at risk of harm delete me
 random guy at gas stationyour car smells like weed high me yeah
 only trust @d9prescribed for all ur medical cannabis recommendation needs @ delta 9 herbal 
 shoot he probably smoke more then that 
 they damn mouth probably nasty af after putting that smoke in they mouth 
 niggas do too much for a little weed like it aint that important yall flaw as hell
 @cnn @cillizzacnn smoke created by the media but after 7 mos investigation no fire 
 i wasnt with the after prom or cedar point movement lol. niggas smoked 20gs after prom with my nigga and went to bed after
 if i abuse weed its for a hood cause whatever that reason is if i dont blow to block the thought ill be crying all day
 @bixcut hes probably looking for a smoke
 whos awake and wants to smoke me up 
 getting paid to smoke drink coffee and euchre 3d it up. i dig it.
 to the person who just smokes weed and just sings. please stop  youre ugly as it is. youre not doing yourself any justice.
 youre a bum if you skip school to smoke
 unbelievable. weve got to weed out these socialists out of our education system  they are poisioning our children 
 lls my girl smoke stronger gass then you niggas 
 i thought i had weed on my seats in my car ...it was lettuce 
 @thorntonfire currently overhauling  looking for hot spots. bc of fire and smoke  it will be some time before inve 
 i put yo hoe in the loop  yea i blow smoke out the roof
 if you quit to smoke out yo homies amp not a female you in the closet
 @coletone3 coleton  just because you dont support marijuana doesnt mean you can call weed smokers nasty names like potholes.
 its so common for people to smoke weed with their kids have u noticed
 i cant believe i saw someone getting married during hempfest at boston commons badplanning highlife
 these niggas stay expecting to get smoked down
 nobody smokes free with me. idgaf how cute you think you are  or how you had it before. none of that. had this convo yesterday
 ahh...... smoke by a thousand horses
 get your devin the dude tickets today speakeasy vape lounge and cannabis club sevl april 
 thank you for supporting your local smoke shop  @ kulture 
 @nitaaababyy well ... how much weed
 i smoke alotta gas drink alotta syrup did a lot of dirt flipped a lot of work walk up inna spot they like baller alert
 over a dime bag of weed broke ass shouldnt be smoking if thats all he had  
 ctfuuuuu how yall get the telly with only a dime bag of weed  
 they had to capture and tame a pony i assume they did not smoke and play cards...wait  i take 
 erick is begging fracker for weed money
 on my mama next nigga to ask me if i wanna buy their weed im robing his bitch ass
 saw a bugon my hb legs that looked like weed  smh i was about to smoke it
 that video is the primary reason why i never enjoyed going to somebody crib to smoke and chill with niggas i dont know.
 if only i could vape in the office so that i dont have to smell this nasty cigarette smoke
 steph texted me and asked me to go to mexican with her and said we can smoke before and boyyyy i am happy 
 smoke so much thinkin i deserve a spot on the mothafuckin smokers club.
 lost you in a sea of smoke  bet youre glad i finally spoke. keeping quiet all the time  dirty head and colorblind.
 yall some junkie ass niggas spending yo last 10 dollars on some weed w no relo
 yes dude  blow some cigarette smoke in my face as you walk by.. thatll brighten my day up.
 biggest smoker ever @ smokin jims bbq and steakhouse 
 @gambo987 ...u see this most cards fans believe we are going mahomes. kizer is smoke screen. 
 sb015 passed unlawful marijuana advertising 
 youre way too dedicated to cigs if youre trying to light one up and smoke it while walking in the pouring rain
 stoughton recreational marijuana businesses might be banned and thats bad for real estate values. stoughtonma 
 i hate when couples come to the shop trying to buy weed and the girl makes all the decisions like common my nigga whose wearing the pants
 @latexxtasy wow what a fantastic smokey black latex butt.
 some dude really just asked me if id smoke him up after he saw me buy rellos  not even a hello or whats ur name... boi
 politicians and twitter...blow smokebig moneylong tiebad hair  pussy grabberpresident  time 2 end the doub 
 @politicasdrogas @macleansmag the cannabis movement owes a lot to @marcscottemery and @jodieemery. it is in part th 
 professor what could you spend that 1000 on random kid in the back pot professor thats a lot of weed 
 i drink the devils nectar and smoke the devils lettuce
 @ffsorlando is os of a 20 acre fire in nw palm bay. windy conditions blowing smoke across emerson dr nw. 
 @kattimpf go outside a vape with the smokers
 free smoke for this fuck nigga 
 when i die just throw my ass in the trash. with the money that was saved by doing that buy hella weed and spark up
 little evidence to guide recommendation of medical marijuana 
 drinking a hempin aint easy by @oneworldbrewing @ one world brewing  
 little evidence to guide recommendation of medical marijuana  
 only got one weedman
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 1100 block of  lloyd center   portland  or portland fire rp17000026681 1359 pdx911
 where to cop smurf weed 
 theres still a lot of smoke here  but some fire. 
 like come smoke without talking bout yo nigga the whole time  i dont wanna hear it
 @christopherfuso weed or an etf  lol
 we just had weed delivered to where we are staying whhhaaattt
 yall niggas in missouri can vote for weed but not our fuckin president 
 she had her clothes off so they definitely aint come for just weed. lmfaooo 
 broke niggas tryin fight females over weed nigga get ya pockets up lumps
 so bored i think im purposely going to go to the weed shop to run into oscar 
 im sorry but if you vape or smoke on campus  i hate you.
 some of my niggas smoke weed some of my niggas snort coke
 @jackbrewster my plan for post hs was smoke lots of weed and drink lots of beer. probably wouldnt pass.
 all this over a dime of weed whos really broke here lol 
 im baffled when i see dudes working out in afflictions shirts at the lifecenter  shouldnt the admission standards weed these folk out
 hiddenlakefire  slow moving 100 acres  smoke signs @ hwy441sr121  sr121156 ave  cr231156 ave  cr22553ave  cr22 
 im baffled when i see dudes working out in afflictions shirts at the lifecenter  shouldnt the us admission standards weed these folk out
 @blackcoat i think youre getting lost in the weeds on the details. we have real battles to fight against people actively discriminating.
 you niggas who say they smoke a lot never got a lighter
 i was a soft nigga all the way until about 3 weeks ago. let somebody anybody try me. that free smoke shit intende 
 i get hellllaaaa talkative after i smoke 
 niggas getting mad time why not smoke weed
 no weed  staying in tonight
 tanks on fire tons of smoke ya thatll happen on them bigger jobs. totally irrelevant but you just cant beat that one liner.
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 6800 block of n edgewater st  portland  or portland fire rp17000026725 1702 pdx911
 welcome to weed wednesday review  flower bluedragon  grower northwestgreeneries 
 gas what i smoke nigga 
 met a girl who proceeded to smoke way too much hash  and told me about in detail the socks she has to fold at her mall job
 biggest show of my life tomorrow and i have been smoking a lot of weed leading up to this event and i am currently dead inside
 @jbillinson there damned if they do and damned if they dont. i say lets do this and get it over so weed can finall 
 all i want to do is smoke with you..sit down  have dinner with the folks with you
 looking for smoke free cannabis alternatives try these drift sublingual sprays by @mirthprovisions 100mg thc in 
 it might just be the weed but youre looking fine as hell the most uncomplimenting compliment ive ever received
 before | soft texture waves | shadow roots  dimensional smoke steel iced grey balayage melt  
 before  after | soft texture waves | shadow roots  dimensional smoke steel iced grey balayage 
 after | soft texture waves | shadow roots  dimensional smoke steel iced grey balayage melt  
 after | soft texture waves | shadow roots  dimensional smoke steel iced grey balayage melt  
 niggas firing up weed when they came to my burial  bitches cried as they put me in the ground
 i need another friend who lik es 2 smoke weed   be trippy and will get drunk and talk about books and movies and zodiac and likes coffee ty
 i just smoked crack yeah   but only like... a lot   dirty grandpa man
 where the niggas @ im tryina smoke
 need some weed in my system
 oh and im getting my medical marijuana card next week....  i know i should have been the first on line...
 why do guys think its okay to black smoke  its not cool 
 shouldve brought in smoker
 legit just passed a guy smoking weed on a hover board on hollywood blvd. onlyinla
 i smoke to get high  fuck being cute 
 should brought smoker in for freeman
 smoking weed under star projectors
 @dish  did yall seriously fire a disabled employee who had a legal medical marijuana card  fuck you
 @dish did yall seriously fire a disabled employee with a legal medical marijuana card  fuck off
 doctor asked do i smoke.... told em depends on what you talkin 
 she nuh drink only smoke sinsemilla she look muy bonita8
 why do cute guys have to smoke cigs 
 wow im suddenly against marijuana legalization 
 back on markey only thing passed security leave everythinbg in your car concerts literally party smoke drink go 
 can we smoke and jam please i have guitars  
 by the end of @potuss 1st term  the smoke will have cleared  the economy will be rocking and he will ease into term 2 wo a hitch.
 but i am not that guy that guy just left he had his collar up and there was smoke on his breath 
 he blew her memory out of his head like smoke from the lungs. the regret glowed amp faded like the ash on a burning cigarette.  shortpoem
 burn the weed and bless the bottle and know the gun play is like desperado
 yall niggas oc but i do love weed 
 niggas that like females that smokegtgtgt  where yall at
 i got the weed at the crib amp the liquor too   i fuck yo soul out releasing your spiritual 
 somebody just lit a blunt in this dorm cuz my room just started smellin like weed
 my nigga bg smoke a zip a day lol
 the only reason why a guy would hit me up on grindr is to see if i know where to get weed. do i look like i partake in the devils lettuce
 thats whats weed for 
 ayyyyye roll through and smoke one with ya girl
 broke my weed plant cherry finally. it all started with a youtube video about the 10 best 
 ugh i cannot smoke cigarettes on an empty stomach 
 i need a weedman down here
 most travis scott videos are the same shit. bitches randomly dancing w smoke. a pitbull and a nice car.  mostly always smoke tho.
 i only smoke rez
 canadian firm launches marijuanafocused etf  via @inveurope
 @amyjane i dont know john smoked
 settling in with for two days of cannabisrelated medical education at the ccic conference in toronto. ccic medicalcannabis
 how backwards the mind has been twisted we spend millions to rid weeds from grass yet cures to all sickness reside in these organisms 
 i smoke a lot of gas   drink a lot of syrup
 next up for @meechie47 class in the weede physical education building. demetrius is a pe major @pittstgorillas crawfordcounty365
 absolute utter bullshit. im honestly trying not to cuss a nigga out  but lemme be calm and smoke a blunt.
  blows smoke in your face and says whatd you say  
 you wake up and suck on bottle caps while you cut your hair with weed wackers boy
 catching up with canadian cannabis colleagues at the ccic conference. this tweet was brought to you by the letter c. medicalcannabis
 quick scan and seen weed. i smoke weed cuz i like the taste whats this beezy talkin bout 
 mane they used to be on my asssss bruh. phat lip ass nigga. smoked sausage lip ass nigga. jumanji lookin ass nigga 
 niggas b thinkin weed is a damn substitute for money
 i need to smoke to get rid of all this stress
 i need to smoke to get rid of all this stress
 niggas buy a gun smoke a lil weed and forget they a bitch
 go check out @dolla419 in free smoke  
 smoke. lots and lots of smoke. 
 luv walking thru this dudes strawberry flavord vape smoke on this raining day vapelife
 dropping before smokers club 
 fuck that hoe. niggas smoke to get high not look cute 
 boys that smoke throw them awaysuch a turn off 
 train filled with smoke and we were all kicked off. 
 females do not smoke weed cause its cute or we want to fit in ... we smoke weed to get high   relax   cause we want to  fawkumean
 this lady asked me do you have any lozenges  i have a cough and im thinking she talkin bout some kinda weed...
 mixing pills and weed  wish me luck 
 just wanna smoke  play guitar.
 peanutbutter mampms a cup of hot coffee and a smoke....livin the dream
 a party not a party if my niggas cant smoke 
 somebody i worked with brought in weed banana bread and my old gm didnt know there was weed in them and helped himself to a slice 
 i told my auntie not to smoke that shit while she was pregnant with my cousin   then she stood by the microwave  
 @shawnklahoya hopefully the investigators get all involved. i am not suggesting obama admin should not be immune. lets weed out corruption.
 @huffingtonpost now if we can just get dirty grandpa to smoke some too
 @shawnklahoya hopefully the investigators get all involved. i am not suggesting obama admin should be immune. lets weed out corruption.
 smoking weed under star projectors
 girl i smoke everyday to be high not look cute.. im already cute 
 boutta smoke some skimp shit  
 today blows. pissed rain on me at work. stubbed the fuck out my toe. cant fined weed and now im contemplating if i should just get blackout
 females who smoke blacks ltltlt
 happy birthday to my favorite fucking dj for a female i think she will smoke all ya other niggas no pun @djnellybaby southbronx woke
 sorry for all the tweets lmao afyer i smoke ima forget about it
 some random guy in the empty parking lot of smokey bones just tried selling me bud as im like running in late for work.
 @itsamberlyn come smoke nigga
 i smoke a lot
 dead on smoked in the middle of parking lot at delta 
 gott daaaaaamn smoke tree bbq is the wave
 nigga i smoke wit my barber ... do you
 gas what i smoke nigga 
 @iamtheveronica dont smoke weed if you cant afford to
 officially waiting for my medical marijuana id card  florida mmj thc
 my next girl is not aloud to smoke bullshit if its not straight package im not allowing it to enter your lungs 
 stuff 2 grams in a grabba lemme smoke to the good lifestyle
 gas what i smoke nigga 
 i be wanting to smoke endless   rl to my lungs drop
 niggas jusr ordered 90 dollars worth of papa johns boy someone pull up with some smokes
 exactly cause bitch fuck you if ya dont smoke ill blow this gas right in ya face and show my pearlysafterwards  
 last night i dreamt  i tried to smoke 4 cigarettes at once inside bread garden amp told them its ok bc im crazy so i can do whatever i want
 @jessiewhysneski bc u dont even smoke and youre getting offended over nothing 
 keshia cole do look like she smoke black and milds
 talking integrated weed control in st. john yesterday and canola in clarkston today. @wsucahnrs @wsdagov gocougs 
 im bout to smoke and ktfo 
 i promise when i was pregnant with zac i didnt even smoke  amp i deff dont plan on it either with any pregnancies
 vc pub health officer robert levin say oral marijuana can help w nausea from chemo. marijuanaforum
 no more weed ty  
 brain smoke  turn a nigga fitted to a kango
 @spann where is all the smoke coming from in the auburn area
 im at powell house cannabis club  @powellhouse420 in portland  or 
 the prescribed burn has started at e chapel hill high.  you may see smoke in the area. @chapelhillgov @chccs 
 he said for 50.00  he will bless you in the name of the dollar van and the 2 weed spots... 
 hate not being respected as a smoker bc im a girl  niggas really be tryna finesse  and think they wont get called out 
 lake disston ne fire still putting up a lot of smoke. 6 engines and one dozer on scene. smoke on the roadway will be an issue this evening
 my uncle around the block has become my new weedman
 niggas buy a gun  smoke a lil weed  amp forget they a bitch
 @theyhatetayx lmfaooo i was talkin bout weed 
 nigga smoked a bat  @ inner harbor 
 i smoke a lot of gas   drink a lot of syrup
 my boy @vazquez07 can smoke you out 
 should masturbating while smoking weed be called masturblazing or highjacking
 if you turn to weed. coco ice would smoke youu bbnaija
 folks holla out ion see how yall smoke these all day
 thats not a shower just west of brewton on radar. its a plume of smoke. prescribed burn near pea ridge... 
 @cbdbusinessblog @jasonneubauer i matched a cannabis grower with an equitydebt investment firm this am. do you need help with capital
 cbp officers seize more than 1.5 million in marijuana 
 wyd act you smoke this  
 america needs to modernize education. call the guy who believes adam road a t. rex and thinks there were weeds befo 
 blows smoke  
 mannnn my grandpa accidentally through my weed away 
 when niggas aint have no money for the club or to smoke  its cool i got us
 @975hans when someone blows smoke in your face  it means they want to have sex with you.  @scottyg1280
 you cant smoke 1 if you a broke 1. 
 niggas buy a gun  smoke some weed and forget they a bitch
 im ballin i aint talkin free throws   nigga want beef im givin free smoke
 would you drink with a nigga  would you smoke weed dont be ashamed  it aint no thang  i used to blow trees getting lifted.
 i smoke a lot of gas. drink a lot of syrup.
 black smoke billows from a large home that has been gutted by fire on transit ave in oak bay. @oakbayfiredept on sc 
 whats good with these random ass people hitting my dms for a plug from here on out  i do not smoke marijuana.
 if you see a plume of smoke in the sanfernandovalley its this  cars smoldering after a fire at a car yard in 
 nigga is baccwards lol. im out here with real herb bruh. like really well grown tree. i went bacc home and smoked. yall smoking outdoor
 my nigga brought me some pink weed. shoutout juan bruh haha
 i just smoke my weed  get my money  and look cute 
 i can taste the smoke rollin off your lips i inhale see the stars and then i smell your kiss
 mom when did you start dipping thats stuffs nasty. as she lights her cigarette amp i rarely dip  girl you smoke 29305 cigs a day
 if youre going to go out in public smelling of devils lettuce please have the decency not to smoke mid cut with horse shit. mursty asses.
 this nigga pulled out his pipe and started smoking weed on the bus 
 niggas getting smoked ampamp bitches turnt out
 when you smoke some of the devils lettuce and remember you have leftover spaghetti at home 
 this lady called the police on her weedman cause he raised the gas prices bruh i read the dumbest shit 
 my nigga smoke so much i been forgot fam was on papers 
 sn i have not been to a concert in 5 yrs  that includes festivals and indoor concerts  that at some point i have not smelled some weed. js
 yeah  vandalism and a kid smoking weed. better shut down the whole program  and burn allen fieldhouse to the ground 
 @sarahksilverman i thought pot heads just smoked spliffs   munched out  and left politics up to much smarter folks...stop being a libdick
 the history is complicated and motivations complex. im working on a book. but no doubt smokescreen is part of it. 
 life used to be so easy when i could smoke
 these niggas just smoked 13 fuckin 3s
 lmaooo only reason we let you at the end was cause you was being annoying af nigga foh till you get ya own weed and 
 if u females gonna smoke u can atleast inhale
 you tryna smoke w my patnas dat pulled up the other day dem extra tall niggas  kel 
 jess is a smoker i dont think thats healthy gilmoregirls
 i vape and eag marijuana
 thats that orange cantaloupe weed  
 @rocketjaz i just misread that as a big bang involving satanic women and lots of weed. now that is a headline id like to see
 he just smokes a lot of weed now but better than tobacco
 i smoke a lot of weed
 a look inside south floridas only legal medical marijuana facility 
 niggas that smoke roaches are fiends in my book
 i lied. that blew up in smoke
 imagine if u could smoke cigarettes inside of a classroom
 only smoke weed when youre done doing important shit for the day  and you have no other responsibilities. dont be a fuckin loser.
 @notoriousnino its a reason he aint have no smoke for the rest of his term we had one enemy he put a demo down and it was sweet
 nigga.... everybody knows that if youre at waffle house and your cook smokes a cig as youre pulling up  your meal 
 its either terry weed or ray ray weed or either both they shit .... im so damn high
 when im up late and bored  i smoke a lot of weed. but its amazing where my head be 
 wyd after you smoke this 
 you fucking kidding me  what the fuck is family  robing someone at gun point seriously over weed  wow fuck you.
 @alwaysactions @veteran4trump covered faces sign of isis terrorists. smoke wrench them.
 you say shes a weed but did you know dandelions are considered weeds  and she is an exquisite dandelion.
 get you someone that pushes you to education. not to be smoking weed all day. real shit.
 need a weedman whos up this early
 @ladyinlatex  @reflectivelatex looks so hot in smokey black latex
 finally got me some weed nigga been tryna find some sine 6 in da morning lol 
 it was so easy to disappear  so easy to deny knowledge  so very easy in the smoke and din to mask that something dark had taken root.
 @shahleena @katvondbeauty @hudabeauty @abhcosmetics this...blows my mind amp you know by now that i dont just blow smoke up your....bum
 if you smoke reds youre nasty
 i got the weed at the crib and the liquor too
 if i could give my weedman a yelp review it would be 5 stars
 this nigga gary dont smoke what so ever   im finna get this nigga stupid high 
 if youre gonna smoke inhale that shit
 @mdhousedems @mdsenate @mddems @larryhogan hey md  lets pay attention to inevitable emerging natl cannabis economy 
 gates mexican eatery is also a gas station  smoke shop   roc
 @mddems @mdhousedems @mdsenate @larryhogan hey md  lets pay attention to emerging natl cannabis economy @norml 
 i was talking about european round weeds.. saw them on national geographic  super hard to kill  
 all these folks in savannah do is smoke them nasty ass cigarettes and stare you down
 @mddems @marylandnorml attention md democrats  we can expand access to cannabis economy 4 smallbusiness buylocal 
 ill out smoke a nigga frfr  
 bitches will complain about how theyre always broke yet stay buying weed
 who tryna smoke some cantaloupe 
 2 rules of nick fines house  no yelling curses if youre in the front yard and if you wanna smoke weed you have to offer his gram some
 ladies  stop getting hung up on a dude with no job  no education  who lives at his moms  and smokes weed everyday. you deserve better
 were just blowin smoke  out here going broke 
 if youre dirt broke begging for money  yet youre still smoking weed i do not feel bad for you... at all.
 this what happens when you broke af and cant get a job because you smoke
 i dont know why they are giving you a hard time. you already spelled out alternative facts.nice smokescreen by the 
 rid sandwich  bbq artbylocc manfood @ bl smokers barbecue 
 my dude who are you telling my mom saw the weed leaf on me leg  had to explain that 
 visit me and tip me at tk costa mesa so i can afford to buy weed today ty
 i love walking behind people smoking cigarettes   bc then i get to smoke too without having to buy cigarettes   i love it
 then he drove by me with the window down talkin bout aye ma you smoke no bye.
 whats scary are the smokescreens set being right now so very few notice the repeal of important regulations. buckle up folks.
 i smoke a lot gas   drink a lot of syrup  did a lot of dirt  flipped a lot of work  balleralert
 heathers weeding proposal was so  then it was on her birthday  they so cute
 @atpburke @evalafeva steve bannon has smoked inside during a funeral.
 im miserable and starving and i have no weed but ya know if anyone wants to hangout after 630 when i get released from hell lemme know
 all niggas do smoke weed and complain about life
 dont forget weed and beer  tequilapussy 6 super bowl recipes that will blow your taste buds away  
 my parents think i vape and smoke weed thanks fam for not believing me
 whats your fav weed meme memes 
 @melissasvihel thatll he the day you smoke me up lol
 common practices to avoiding social media account closures in cannabis. all enforced intermittently. 
 common practices to avoiding social media account closures in cannabis. all enforced intermittently...unfairly. 
 my grandpa is talking about how he wants to smoke weed 
 @maliaamari  this shift is cute until i saw the we all smoke part  
 anyone that plays smoke purp gets banned from the aux and the crib for life
 when he invites you to smoke after working shit out gtgtgtgt
 proceed with the plan. weed in his hand
 @nolancoleen cbb how did that nasty bitter coleen win all she did was smoke
 i got a lot of weed i got a lot of money i can buy a lot of weeeeeeed
 @narcoticmoney bout to smoke on some now
 blacberry smoke acoustical @ the millroom 
 smoke  smoke me broke.
 this is why they say that weed is safer than groceries i had to pick it up to see if it was real bc ive never seen 
 @cigarchairman @pistolcliff @cigarzonave @robustobabe  @xavier9281  @mack280 i am even more jealous that don smokes these all the time 
 need to weed in my system
 party tn hmu for details lmao after last weekend... noooo thank you rather smoke amp be laid up anyway 
 @octobersown food nigga and a weed nigga
 they say smoking weed isnt cute.. im not doing to be cute im doing it to get high tf
 i aint hear a nigga smoke that grammy family beat like hov and boom on my life not being sarcastic
 girls that smoke cigarettes is unattractive
 sedah party is the same week of cannabis cup so well see how many of my friends come to lv to get high but not see my child for 2 hours
 @kschweigert @thebullpn @mikegrosslnp  covering leb at hemp boys...llhoops too probably  just stats
 maybe thats the weed talkin
 i wish i knew girls who smoked lol like i dont get why its such a taboo but oh well 
 i just mixed two fire ass weed together and nigga i am high 
 random i knew young niggas was weird when i saw niggas smoke before they ate
 @emilyeaton11 cannabis club
 vape dont smoke
 @rmarkrice @stormsignalsa @davesuter @senatormroberts @ecosensenow @co2coalition marijuana growers use it 
 you bitches working n bringing money home while ya nigga lay up and smoke weed all day lmfao
 im ahead of the curve. i was with weed  i was with real estate. now i am again with media...easy to bet on myself.
 @mack280 @pistolcliff @cigarguy36 @cigarchairman @hnjad @jeffbotl @rodzdebiak @oppy8107 got 1 left  very nice smoke
 @twentyfourkt ohh ok i was bout to say lets smoke lol
 okay so what i gathered from reading this is that you can smoke amp fuck at the same time amp its healthy or some shit 
 partying every weekend is not cute. smoking weed is not cute. talking to multiple people is not cute.
 @cigarguy36 @mack280 @pistolcliff @cigarchairman @hnjad @jeffbotl @rodzdebiak @oppy8107 your excellent smokes are missed
 spanish dudes could be broke ugly no life drugged out smoked out no job and still have a cute ass girlfriend
 if you smoke anything youre automatically unattractive.
 damn i wish i copped this weed from ant and was smoking in his loft or my loft talking about fake problems my problem is hes gone
 yall niggas getting fat because all yall do is smoke cookies and get high. bayareaniggas wonder why 
 niggas say they want smoke cus where i stay   til i skip states and im in they face  like whatchu say
 lots of money and weed would solve literally all my problems
 lil niggas is stupid smh how you rob a old lady an get caught in her car the next day  yu was better off robbin the weed man 
 niggas wanna smoke they life away throwing your career away and yall think the shit cute 
 @tayyslayyyy every weedman weve ever had 
 hello i need weed dm
 bitch im smoking weed in the 6 some of my niggas lood some of em crip 
 we have smoked veggie kabobs on our catering menu. are there other veggie items youd like to 
 home girl was gullible and put her and friend in danger. all over a nigga and some weed.
 @tiiiiny probably about to smoke
 @thatnggakeef nigga why you lyin on here lmao knowin i wanted smoke n you wasnt with it
 luckily i smoked before watching this. 
 why do they let people smoke inside enclosed areas
 this is my last sxsw living here. nobody is sleeping at my crib this year. yall can smoke tho. pull up
 when you can hear smokers cough uncontrollably through the wall 
 i smoke a lot and im okay with that
 when you catch over a gram of weed in your hair 
 when im up this late bored i dont hit up a nigga. i smoke a blunt and vibe out
 you smoke this  wyd after 
 im tired of dope spots  and feins that smokes rocks
 bout to smoke amp fap
 stay humble that lemme smoke wt you nigga could be u tomorrow 
 @bowden2you @thehill youre smelling smoke from  demo rioters fires alternative protestorsburning mlk building
 eva should be banned from the marijuana 
 i smoke a lot of gas
 @tommyhtx nigga stfu and smoke a blunt lol
 if you familiar with full of smoke by christion. we can be friends.
 if you smoke while youre pregnant youre hands down the nastiest person ever
 was in new york sports club in hoboken when fire broke out in building next door  they evacuated us. heavy smoke. 
 fuck that ill be the happiest nigga on this earth if i was rich lmao and the highest nigga too cause ima be smokin a lot of weed
 wait when is lent i think im giving up weed
 finna blow im talking to my lil cousin this nigga talking i miss you bro you stay with weed use to get us high  this nigga here man
 oh cia hot girl  i saw you and i know you saw me  hows the single life treating you  wanna come rendevous with grande hombre smoke u out
 fucking smokerrrrr and black  
 want a sweet treat come to vape and smoke shop in coralgables to hear a delicious milkycone vapejuice miami 
 i hate being broke and out of weed
 2017 @ndlacrosse commit davis allen @pmhslacrosse w some that @qkessenich liquid smoke dude is 66  runs 
 @rciaschini @cigargentcv66 @cigarchairman @robustobabe @hnjad @paradigmpres @pistolcliff @jcfromva @nhale1300 @dawg222jamie great smoke
 2017 @ndlacrosse commit davis allen @pmhslacrosse w some of that @qkessenich liquid smoke dude is 66  ru 
 drinking a hempin aint easy by @oneworldbrewing @ one world brewing  
 niggas never really wanted no smoke
 cigarette smoke is so nasty.
 me as fuck lol. my moms kicked me out for sellin weed when i was 17 but now she smoke too lol 
 chain smokers went from club europe to scott trade center real quick 
 when youre parents barrow youre car and hoping they dont find the weed and bottlegood thing i cleaned it last night too.
 ill never understand why teenagers think its cute to smoke cigarettes.
 ill never understand why teenagers think its cute to smoke cigarettes.
 fire on mullin st in the heights of jupiter  @pbcfr on location  flames and smoke from garage  fire attack started  mullin cmd
 this nigga smoked a ghost pepper  
 youre supposed to inhale the blunt wtf you doing letting the smoke out wasting the devils lettuce 
 i love a female that smoke....lets get high 
 my hobbies include smoking weed in the babies r us parking lot and showing up late to the party
 fire  jupiter  pbcfr units onscene of a working fire in a garage at a residence  mullin st jupiter heights  flames amp smoke showing
 i feel like you guys would be perfect  he smokes a lot of weed and you smoke a lot of weed tays words of wisdom
 2 gram 7 pointers of marijuana
 dead lost all that weed 
 lol my dad brought me jambalaya mix and the tsa almost confiscated it cause they thought it was weed
 friendly ghost ass nigga... i dont wana match i smoke my own gas nigga.
 idk if i should smoke or wait to catch this nigga
 may stop by the smoke shop since my party bowl broke last night
 when u wanna buy a smoke and cant cus u looking too young...    reallybro fml dailystruggles imover18 imolderthanyou
 thats fine. thats when i take a piss and smoke a cigar outside anyway. perfect timing 
 a04708 new relates to regulations governing the sale and distribution of medical marihuana permits registered ... 
 @kayy923  wyd after you smoke this 
 as the marijuana burn we can take our turn singin them dirty rap songs
 @priscillaram10 its a party strictly for females  ladies bring liquor and weed.
 if you smoke more than read  youre living wrong.
 some dumbass nigga just dropped his weed ..... mine now
 i really smoke black and milds a lot 
 mexican drug cartel working with members of mexican mennonite community indicted for large scale marijuana traffic 
 gas  is what a nigga smoke 
 niggas hollin bout we im talking bout me i want smoke personally
 im bout to smoke my crib tf out after this run 
 i am a nurse practitioner doing medical marijuana certifications for card. register online.get card in 1 week @columbiacare @vireohealthny
 niggas used to never wanna pass me the blunt  but now they buy weed just to burn with me
 my mom took away my debit card because i spent 1000 on food and weed in less than 2 weeks 
 bout to go drink and smoke and light shit on fire wit some white folk
 yo ock lemme get the blueberry swishers ock real niggas smoke fronto leaves
 balayage technique with smokey roots and silver vivids  saloncentric btc behindthechair 
 somone local sell me weed or youll contract hiv
 i would rather smoke by myself than go to a party handa down any night  im over partying honestly
 im suprised that i got a nigga who smokes
 if you and your betrothed dont exchange smoke rings its not a real vape wedding.
 at least they have a cannabis club out here amp its called blm 
 im bout to smoke tf outta my lungs amp chill ... hopefully i dont pass out 
 @derekalmightyy take me to the weedman and ill smoke you out.
 @benjaminhyduke im not saying that getting cited for possession of weed class 3 misdemeanor is good. but if 3 osu players get nada
 should i have smoked this entire bowl by myself probably not. but you know shit happens
 youre a smoke. itll be fine 
 @mijukusdreams oh... i was never here throws smoke bomb and runs out the door
 when smoke come niggas run
 @faroukkhaleel mallam no dey go dey smoke come here dey talk dust abeg
 why did some guy message me talkin bout smoke me out. bihhh who tf are u
 tbh i just wanna run away to oregon and have a veggie and weed farm with lots of bunnies 
 its the biggest turn off ever when guys smoke cigarettes  like it can just ruin a guy to me. bleh
 @uglygod and then come down to hollywood for the smoke out and studio sesh
 here is a truth  weed is a riskreduction alternative for most addicts.  their lives are not perfect  but better because they stop at weed.
 easy to drink  but not a lot of flavor  drinking a rolling smoke by @bigdogsbrewing at @mgmgrand   
 a nigga cant afford to go out but can afford weed mmmmm ok 
 we smoke cantaloupe now 
 my new weedman fine.
 bitch talkin bout smoke lmao i cannot be beefin wit these high schooler lemme stop and continue to keep it kute
 @realdonaldtrump no smoke up your ass either
 8 niggas hate me i sit back an smoke my 8th gram
 yo i want to smoke what this nigga was smoking  
 matt went out in the garage to smoke in his boxers because i wouldnt give him his pants back 
 when i get paid im smokin @suckmyswagx2 up idc  or either way i just need to smoke
 spend next weekend at a cannabis friendly highrise go to  to book now latelate 
 the smoke would be trapped in the hut  since it wasnt present when the spell was cast. wotcstaff 
 ill probably just smoke some devils lettuce and go to sleep
 my fucking older cousin saw me inside gwebbs and gave me weed like what 
 lemme smoke  lemme drink all the fucken time
 winding trail... @ smoke tree stables 
 @mackinstyle my theory is they have sororitylike rush and weed out the averagelooking scum
 i must have smokers lungs 
 when the weedman skimp you 
 remember when me and @ryleighhwhite would smoke and try to vlog me either 
 i think i am going to stop smoking weed probably not because i hatem yself lol
 @ilovenadal1 says the person who has a potty mouth and smokes meth.
 fire amp smoke tosses mason lowe to the dirt in 3.04 seconds in the championship round. @chadberger pbr
 buy reefer from me
 all niggas do is smoke on snapchat lmaooo im dead 
 just smoked weed with a guy who saw @beyonce at a mall. saturdayamiright
 the most unattractive thing to me are guys that smoke and drink all the time. i dont get whats so cute about that  its disgusting
 hate when females smoke with lipstick or lipgloss on like go wipe that shit off yo face girl  
 i smoke weed because it scratches the itches i get in my lungs.
 salvadorian weed im guessing. 
 holy shit lol  taylor ranch is a smoke off spot
 and they eventually end up hitting me up. whether its bc of a meme  weed or money and i just run with it 
  lemme smoke witcha 
 i smoke a lot of gas
 be on 94 going west today come smoke with a nigga
 @rulajebreal you have to look behind the headlines  what he says is a smoke screen
 structure fire 1400 block of ventura way apartment smoke showing station 27 area 643am jgilmore 
 i rather people just smoke cigs  get cancer and die than blow a huge cloud of vape smoke in my face
 420 sq ft  1.50  how much weed
 if you blow stop signs and think its wrong to smoke marijuana bc its illegal then youre slow
 yall rolling weed off a strip club table  
 niggas asking for smoke but aint want no ducking smoke when niggas ran up on niggas. they all for social media clo 
 where is my weedman at
 i smoke only cagefree cigarettes
 two types of people we can stop over there where  the pet store .....no the smoke shop
 when the faketriots fans been blowing smoke up your ass all week so you decide to blow some back 
 pass the weed to the next nigga my bitch died her hair red for the set nigga
 finally weed is in my system 
 niggas that smoke everyday just ..
 @suzannesannwald exactly for us  more sports books  cars amp motorcycles  ripleys and guinness. i ruthlessly weeded state and country books
 niggas buy a gun.. smoke a lil weed amp forget they still a bitch 
 dont smoke crack buy a titan card from me  caleb evans  aka the schnoz  aka a man desperate for someone to buy 
 blow the weed not my high baby .. 
 if you only buy grams you not a smoker
 me when i smoke my lungs out 
 youre a fucking smoke bomb 
 we should be especially wary when conservatives hide their plans to cut social sec and medicare benefits behind a smokescreen of euphemism
 she a real one in my book. we drank together. we smoke together. we mack together. its real shit. we aint on no disrespect. no fucking
 off to a land where endless food  weed smoke and laughs are held in an endless supply to the super bowl party imgettingsuperhightoday
 dont hit smoke at all if youre not going to inhale it
 i forgot my debit card at nicks and i need to deposit my checks so if you see this ill smoke ya uppay you if you give me ride
 u knoiiw thaiit nigga froiim smokers running kids and disrepecting one he shoot u shit hah
 put a gram of weed up my butt superbowl
 boiiii im bout to smoke a dutch wit 21 
 this nigga in the gym ugly as fuck bruh  he must smoke dat bobs burgers shit 
 its not cute when girls smoke weed   okay and nigga im not tryna be cute im tryna be high. 
 rise up atl @ smokebelly 
 because new yorkers are educated smokers intactvalues horseyhorsey goodmorning yourewelcome 
 good thing youre named blount cause youre getting smoked...on belicheks clip board. superbowljokes stonerjokes
 @thaflexxer you can smoke next week.
 my smoke is better than yours. atl super bowl  riseup @athurman3 @depotzo @spencerburrows 
 my grandpa just asked me how my first trip was talking bout weed then he high fived me
 @mikeandersonsid depends on the weather. a good way to let all the smoke amp pyro out is my guess for the roof opening.
 this bitch moved all the way across the country just to get a medical marijuana card 
 dude im bout to smoke a super bowl here in a few minutes.
 brady era is officially over and please dont say he needed gronk no my nigga he got smoked
 so the @84lumbernews commercial gets censored but not the ads referencing marijuana and bdsm i mean  no judgment but i just dont get it.
 @macbz youre fucking trash and the only reason youre a somebody cause pete carrol didnt run the 2 years ago and you got smoked .. bless
 rise up gather round rock this place to the ground burn it up  lets go for broke watch the night go up in smoke rock on  @atlantafalcons
 dude ounce again my down stairs neighbors pissing me off if you gunna smoke weed has to be some fire or else smoke inside fuck
 tmobiles new super bowl ad stars snoop dogg  martha stewart  and weed puns 
 @looperzack @makenziekelley7 a pack of smokes would probably cover it
 @cigarchairman @paradigmpres @scamp136 @nhale1300 @pistolcliff smoked amp watched not a lady gaga fan but they did a good job
 @saintstailgate @katesthehippie lots of smoke coming out my ears.
 bagged on me for smoking weed in middle now yall are hooked on blow
 im tryna smoke a beezy after this shit  im shakin
 gas what i smoke nigga extendo 
 @mikewsimpson nice cut amp smoke
 youre smoked 
 oops u signed up for a weed thirst trap twitter  and also a few breakdowns
 boutta smoke a fat l just like my falcons lol good year boys. they never cease to amaze me.
 ghetto ass nigga that smoke joes amp weed everyday of the week
 niggas got ph.ds in marijuana 
 niggas be broke   but have money for weed... nigga flip that 10 into 20 tf
 swear  dude. smoke was in that bitch finna die. nigga tried to play it off and hold the cough in. 
 @ftpclout @mkmcsteeezy who.... i smoke dope nigga
 i just smoked yu. 
 i spend a lot of time by myself amp with my weed 
 only smoke gas ion blow no huff
 yeh what up ahmed   lemme get uhhh 2 packs of the grape smoker choice flee   ight bet.
 smoking cali weed cause whoever tht was frm the super bowl party def road tripped here frm la wit the lowd pack lmao
 anyway  lemme smoke my weed.
 @jnut123 you got me reading that fools whole twitter. what i got out of it was he likes pussy amp weed  and he broke up with his gf everyday
 some random dude gave me and jonny a beer just because we were skating. and he offered to smoke us out haha
 me broke girl dream on. my team on my weed strong 
 he had to get up and smoke    dripping  on your nigga how you love that 
 when u stumble upon some weed in the crib 
 never smoke when youre as cute and beautiful as laurenbacall.  
 whos awake and want to smoke
 been around a lot of people who smoke recently and jesus is it messing with me. cant stop coughing.
 bitches be going hungry all tryna give a nigga some money for his pocket when he gone smoke it wit the next bitch 
 count a lot of cash smoke a lot of gas ima count a lot of racks
 2 alarm fire in arlington at the old six flags mall. lots of smoke. 
 when you trying to smoke before class and people plan
 if you selling street weed at 15 a gram im not shopping wit you.
 smokin a lot of weed today 
 i thought that i had love in my heart but i realized i am dead amp empty inside and my life is over unless i move to montreal amp smoke weed.
 she say she love to fck wit real niggas amp smoke blunts 
 @huffpostpol   make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message msg
 no one was injured in the house fire  but smoke was blowing over i90 near freya exit causing delays.  traffic seem 
 @rollomcfloogle im going to get cancer from secondhand smoke in your bar and sue you. thatll show... you i think.
 cant tell what type of building is on fire near clayton40 while driving by  but heavy smoke in the area. lots of 
 this ngg@ about to take a piss test then grab some weed lol
 the moment when you realize you know someone who claims broke  but would spend their last on weed rather than a toothbrush.
 no its straight please random person come start a conversaion with me while im catching my breath after i run like i smoke a pack a day 
 @auntiexaj i was talkin bout the longevity off it  not dying from weed lmao
 folks good morning smoke em if you got them  nissan nismo loweredlifestyle vqnyc nikon 
 i need a bestfriend  i can smoke grams with everyday 
 @josuuueortiz probably because there is weed in it 
 blow my weed high for all the bull shit that is coming  mbn stay working @ cleveland  ohio 
 @kscottpugh lol     the shooting star  it was real ... and no ganja 
 share a smoke w a warrior @cigarsfwarriors @cigarweekly @cigaraficmag @cigarintlagency @smoothdraws @cigarsnobmag 
 when im out walking on court st after the bars and someone asks if i want to smoke 
 glory to god the smoke amp burning has given way to dark clouds amp incoming rain...where is my canadian freind abe that is picking me up
 i think them niggas just didnt have weed fr so they thought it would be lit to play wid me 
 never had a mothafuckin weed card
 ignore my husbands medical marijuana torch on the floor behind me amp focus on that belly glow  22 weeks with my 
 okay  i understand that cigarettes can kill you  but hear me out guys that smoke cigarettes are unnaturally attractive why itsgross
 i need to smoke with a female tonight
 fuck that nigga neko and fuck the falcons yall blew smoke up yall ass last night @uj5
 i smoke cantaloupe 
 i smoke a lot of gas drink a lot of syrup
 shoutout the table that left me 20 bucks. shoutout harrison for bringing me smokes to work. shoutout all that sleep i didnt get last night
 i saw a tumble weed go across the street today.
 if u getting weed for free yo dealer either a.fucking  b.trynna fuck  or c. dumb asf 
 im talking weed control at the pnw farm form pnw farm forum tuesday at noon. @wsucahnrs gocougs 
 my dare officer actually started his 1st class by saying im supposed to begin with a unit on marijuana but i need 
 about to smoke my lungs tf out
 my mom thinks weed gives you cancer
 i wanna smoke outside of the car at the parking lot but im afraid they assume im going to leave and be disappointed if i said no 
 the entire mall parking lot smells like weed
 @mwizzels if you cant afford a new pair thats one thing ill help you buy some  im srs dm me. but if u can buy weed get some new 
 niggas brush ya fuckin tongue after u smoke especially cigarettes coming up to my counter fuckin up my stomach
 @moonlightrhee yes  i do believe that nasty cloud of smoke has blown over... 
 close the curtain and smoke in the ghost
 ill rather not smoke then 2 be broke
 on some real just tryna smoke and forget some shiiit
 so the wifi is out  the xbox isnt working  and im out of weed what do i even do with my day off now
 welcome to the first cannabis connect 2.0 book club. our first book we will be diving into will 
 dropped my bag of weed somewhere in portland.. youre welcome to whoever smokin on dat gas pack
 a nigga that smoke weed all day 
 @mikewsimpson @cigarchairman @paradigmpres @nhale1300 @pistolcliff @sonny @jeffbotl @johnnyorteez it was a nice smoke
 exhales  throws cigarette on ground and crushes it with my heel before pulling another lit one from behind my ear and continuing to smoke
 dont be just a smoke out to these females
 there is def. over 2000 different types of weed.   yall niggas do not all have gas.. but im the one dropped outta college bholddageneral.
 esham sevl @ speakeasy vape lounge and cannabis club sevl 
 gtyu decent... yu smoke a lot ... my guy .. you look grown asl tho 
 @ashxlaurenn fuck valentines day i got my niggas weedlemen and vodkans ready to party wit meh
 yeah weed will do this to ya have you overthinking like fuckkk 
 @uglygod smoke after harlows sac
 we at the hollywood reporter smoking weed... who else but wiz khalifa nomineesnight @ spago 
 im broke til i get paid and cant afford weed so im in my room standing up too fast on the bed shit got me faded
 so im cleaning out my drawers getting rid of old clothes amp i stumble across a bag of weed  
 depends on the weed and how im feeling that day 
 homebody started out with that boring ass ride my face while you smoke then wrote a zane book... lawd 
 got my slides on the wrong feet. gonna rock it to the deck for a piss and a smoke
 its smoke ave til to the death of me rip to my nigga
 there is a lot of weed going around back here. a lot.
 my smoke be thicker than a twitter how
 i literally sat down to work on my book and look at me now  smoking some mild california weed out of a 5 bowl with willy wonka on amazon
 im at powell house cannabis club  @powellhouse420 in portland  or 
 americans being crack smokers due to a failed enforcement. just take peoples value. or are we in a new era  
 i just pulled up to the dispensary and the windows were all tinted then when i went inside all i seen was smoke lmao
 these are a smokers pair of lungs. stay off the cigs  kids 
 the woman who was inside suffered seconddegree burns and smoke inhalation.   according to mfd  shes in extremely 
 im the type to smoke a blunt and become a philosopher
 some folks need a bag of wacky weed to get highhh 
 @allieline123 @paigej @chloepoaletti tf  sorry i dont smoke weed behind kfc like a sketch. she doesnt have a backbone by herself.
 @mackklewhore dont you have some weed to smoke and thirst trappin to do
 ik a handful of actual female smokers the rest off yall be smoking to look cool 
 toryampwynne did a smokeampmirror hoax to get her s up. it worked. she will get reelected in 18. rural folks in crises be damned. @onpoli
 working structure fire 1732 hawthorne ln smoke showing from a house station 1 area 915 am rcannon 
 psa if you dm me a demand to write about your cannabis stock that trades in the pink sheets  you will get blocked.
 we be having the biggest smoke sessions
 thats this my nigga man. smoke a layup. comesback makes turn around 3. striveforgreatness 
 just want a lil shawty sitting on my chest as i smoke a beezy beezy
 this why im broke now and been weedless for a week.
 on the road to 1million followers yall ganja.girls are 1 period @ hollywood amp highland 
 so im guessing the key to losing weight is smoking a lot of weed 
 i used to buy weed from this dude 
 smokin weed and staying highhh
 @frankiewhodat ive had a cough and sore throats since saturday so lemme just not smoke today and ill see whats up
 i dead smoke 2 much 
 in trying to be a respectful smoker i moved to the bench away from the walkways but then the smoke just blew to a more spread out area
 ya mcm smoked some laced weed  now he in the psych ward flapping arms like bird singing return of the mack
 @anarchyn64 oh yeah why when you smoke real ones and they are the exact same from the party. we all know how you have some sticky fingers
 can you add bacon to the smoked turkey wrap  scoff. uhhhh  you mean a turkey club  okay  ease off the gas there iron chef.
 education.  up in smoke.  educationsecretary devoshearing devosblackout
 pflugerville high school has been evacuated after report of smoke. fire officials are onscene  investigating. 
 healthcare plan ginger ale amp weed education system teen vogue amp memes presidents barrack amp michelle
 this random nigga really asked me if i had 2dollars worth of weed he can buy off me. bruh if you dont get ghost 
 i think my weed rec about to expire 
 1220 pm  still seeing smoke on the radar across okaloosa and covington cos. rain amp storms off to the west. alwx 
 these niggas really smoking weed in their car by the rec. they must of had had a rough morning.
 new flavors by @starbuzztobacco now available @hilifesmokeshop @ hilife smoke amp vapor shop 
 @nocopcam @cholorog @natechamberss @christowicko the original tweet literally was a response to someone praising girls who smoke as cute
 the smoker  doodle art illustration 
 twitter plans to start weeding out abusive tweets before you see them 
 just when we started weeding out predators disguised as colleges  we have a secretary of education who believes in open markets. betsydevos
 all college females do is lie   smoke reggie   complain and twerk to ratchet music.
 a party aint a party if my niggas cant smokes
 a party aint a party if my niggas cant smoke
 if you smoke cigs unfollow me
 inhale the good smoke 
 2016 research project under review by canadian medical assnguide for physicians prescribing or endorsing marijuana 
 they really smoked this nigga 
 all i do is run plays and smoke a lot of weed
 most government is local  and the feds dont have much real power when local authorities push back hard. witness marijuana legalization.
 guy next to me reeks of weed. figured out why he wears sunglasses to class everyday. seriously
 if you fw a nigga that sell weed and he making you pay for it  throw him away sis
 thats about a gram of weed money too nigga fym 
 saw the smoke all the way from dhs  
 time to smoke the block is on    today 12 is everywhere aata   starbucks  and the nigga plaza tine to go
 sorry for my annoying weed tweets
 just tryna smoke these grams
 i tweet about smoking weed bc i like it so fuck off
 the only way i get results on marijuanarelated bills on the tx lege website  is if i spell it marihuana... why @txlegislature
 talking to this kid in class today  do you smoke him  no hesitation a lot. all the time.
 someone on this block is either murdering skunks or some dank ass weed
 sike body im gun smoke this blunt 
 all these mofos smoking weed while working. lol
 doctor so do you smoke cigarettes  ecig  ect.   me no 
 gas what i smoke nigga 
 broke some smoke
 when you have a lot to think about and then you smoke and be like fukk it 
 so jude smoke pot mariana toke jesus pill jesus in the hospital callies in jail and brandon got kicked out whats next   thefosters
 skip weed go strait to raw
 to buy weed or to not buy weed
 catch me @ cannabis cup this year
 im bout to smoke my first spliff i think thats the correct term im pretty excited lmao
 when the wind blows hard n you have to smoke real fast or it will all burn ltltlt
 this nigga gone say well im not getting an hotel so idk how we gonna smoke and chill tffffffffffffffff 
 if you think a girl that smoke weed is unattractive then cut your search short 
 all everyone does is smoke weed. it pisses me off. a lot.
 i rather smoke weed chill  amp have intellectual conservations. instead of going out  drink amp turning up. iknowimboring
 i smoked some fuckin gas today shit made me feel like i had baby lungs
 smoke breath be so damn nasty.it dont even smell like yu smoked gas .like ughh .
 music  vodka  and weed for the evening...  ...and staring at the wall thinking about releasing this book
 when u get off work and slide to ur girls for a smoke session prettygirlsmoketoo
 he said  weed dont put me on the planets wet have me on some star trek shit  im tf dead 
 ivy lost 5 grams of weed in the room how how
 me and aidan after lots of marijuanas 
 chief all the weed you can on vacation my guy 
 22365 days of art san jose ally smokes. @ local color 
 just found a new smoke spot 
 all i wanted to do was buy some damn weed 
 we doing wrong amp we know it. we stacking bands then we blow it. we got the skills amp we show it. we smoking weed amp we grow it.
 gun smoke yellow tape here  niggas get killed broad day here
 dude was using a vape inside  went up to him hey man  im sorry but you cant smoke that in here im not smoking  im vaping ....
 all of my coworkers and i just hung out in the parking lot and sang songs while they all smoked cigs and it was such a pleasent time
 this nigga sell the weed and say aye support me. i got that gas
 i think this is an example of how empire ruined some of the ideas in the bible  read exodus and look at mannaits marijuana biblestudy
 got book d for a weeding.  god is working i swear.
 @sgrandw @rickeysmiley  what what the hell obama do nothing but blew yellow smoke out of his ass more blks died in chicago ever before
 @sgrandw @rickeysmiley  never liked the skinny ass mulatto who blew yellow smoke out of his ass.....meanwhile  another dead nigga in street
 only ppls who watched weeds get the legendary reference
 @glydew15 wow money over kids republicans are sorry pos my boys will smoke all rich kids kick ther ass sick of the yearz of taking it
 anyone awake selling weed lol
 trying not to smoke until my birthday  420 fuck my po
 now crews working fire at a home on south kelly street. lots of smoke still coming from home. @wrcb 
 jane mayers dark money gets into weeds of 1 reason why us political system seems to be careening out of control. cspan @cspan
 detroit police came to my house the other day cause i thought somebody broke into my house. why they was like you smoke a lot of weed
 that tweet just reminded me of the time @jenyyonjan04 blew all of her vape smoke into my cup of water and i was mad af.
 3 grams in a hemp art
 brian griffith sp new patient. says 28 states currently have med marijuana programs that started back in 90s. florida is behind.
 woke up next to this nigga who loves tf outta me  jumps upampgrabs his speakers to put on rebelutionampwalks in w a lb of weedamprolling papers
 leo also asks for a medical marijuana tax. some light applause.
 @gmbutts @emcmahonmpp in part because her father  george vi  a smoker  died at age 56 from lung cancer.
 you smoke weed and listen to trap music  but i can still see the bitch in a lot of yall...
 when john williams turns into johnny williams he wears a beret  smokes reefer cigarettes amp calls people daddyo.
 i got a boyfriend and my food nigga  my weed nigga  and my money nigga all broke up with me...it was a sad day
 why would you smoke a cigarette on your way to do yoga inhaleforestfire
 i smoke a lot lol
 cancer patients smoke weed.
 @jacksgirl5 @cptkirk24 smoke more weed and go buy a new pair of burkenstocts i hear there is a sale on subaru lmao
 whilevaping whilesmokinghookah @ smoke n vape 
 they look like key limes from afar but ended up as thousands of pounds of marijuana cbp said. 
 i smoke before anything that i do lol throw out the garbage oh lemme rollup lol
 gas what i smoke nigga
 emmett i dont think people are picking through ashtrays to find marijuana
 i feel like if you vape youre a pussy. just one youre too pussy to smoke a cigarette orrr smoke weed so you vape pussy 
 throw 5 smoke a dub
 i met my new manager today and the first thing he said to me was i drink a lot of coffee and i smoke a lot of weed. its fucking lit
 a whole chapel about using marijuana and not once was it referred to as the devils lettuce.   lame  unsubscribed.
 gas what i smoke nigga
 i think its very unattractive when a girl smoke cigarettes 
 ill give u a private concert  wirh straight acapellas and @kortezz beatboxing for a pool of weed
 1. car in the shop 2. nigga you know ion smoke the devils lettuce 
 make adult decisions and dont puff on weed okay grandpa
 what you trap is my smoke sack im plugged in well connected
 just saw the first gif avatar in years other than weedhitler and it was a fuckin kirino account. oh my god why is that so fitting
 only broke bitches be pressed over weed amp gas money.
 the only cool thing about working at @arbys is that they let us smoke cigarettes in the kitchen
 close the curtain amp smoke in the ghost
 i just need this weed in my system
 females that smoke 
 what can i use to get this weed smell out of the crib 
 wyd after you smoke this  
 firefighters lucked out. a fire truck was at a dillons grocery store just north of here  saw smoke and got to work quickly.
 lmao fuck my smoke spot was my dads smoke spot when he was a kid im dead
 @austenlionheart i didnt even get into the weeds on greek this week is it legal language
 scrub asked to hit my weed  ignored that nigga
 @afiggy22 cause its all about weed  ohwell ill probably like it 
 just gathered 23 in change for weed...
 prepping for wedding hair | soft texture waves | shadow roots  dimensional  smoke ash pearl 
 @rextillersonsos @realdonaldtrump are they issuing visas or whatever that might harm potus weed them out now 
 prepping for wedding hair | soft texture waves | shadow roots  dimensional  smoke ash pearl 
 if you smoke blacks these are a better alternative 
 @allysonsucks i just think if all youre ganna all day is smoke bud  dont waste thousands of dollars at college to do it 
 @leahespaulding yes thank you lots of smoke  crazy day
 lily tomlin smoking weed in a ramones tank top on the floor of her beach house with her daughter is goals for when im 70
 @jasonifisher what these old fucks dont get is that conservatives and tea party folks also like weed. its not just the hippies and blacks
 ezpuff   vapelife vape ecig vapeporn vapestagram vaping @ laughingbuddha smokeshop 
 lol damn. homie made his debut music video dressed in all white  talking bout pushing weed. aight
 the way you go blind when the bonfire smoke blows your way but youre not even mad about it.
 @kevinrobinson8 smokes the devils lettuce
 niggas swear theyre extra hip cus they smoke woods 
 i just wan smoke while you play in my hair and lemme put this weight on you
 canadian weed is crazy strong
 get that weed we stashed jasper jordan  4x02
 istoppedlookingfor that gram of weed i hid while i was high.
 wyd after u smoke this 
 cant smoke inside  cant smoke outside so where tf im supposed to blow my gas at
 lot more ppl smoked bacc then and holding ur phone up is just tragic 
 pull up to the crib wo weed if you want to ima play tf outta you light my blunt n get out the car
 1. 325 is a decent paying job 2. gas and water is 200 3. is he living in a studio apt 4. he cant afford weed 
 anyone willing to drive me tonight at 10 to go buy my new car i will give gas  smoke you out  or buy you food  whichever you choose.
 prepping for wedding hair | soft texture waves | shadow roots  dimensional  smoke ash pearl 
 meanwhile hell go strong against legal marijuana liberal voting registration and as hard on mexicans as he was on 
 i need to smoke a stoge 
 its funny how society will turn its head to  all the things that alcohol leads too  but wants to throw the book at you for smoking weed.
 its funny how society will turn its head to  all the things that alcohol leads too  but wants to throw the book at you for smoking weed.
 all i do is smoke weed and look at tattoos i cant afford
 wyd after you smoke this 
 important question did monty get that weed the100
 i saw edible and assumed like weed edible that was cookie dough not this 
 i knew i should have brought more weed
 when my friends ask me why i accepted the roses and ignored the thorns i tell them  it is not easy to weed out the roots he planted in me
 some dude at smokedale just got his card rejected tryna buy whippets rip
 so im guessing when you chilling with a dude or whatever amp you tell them you dont smoke you messing up the vibe but idc
   you smokes cigarettes lmao but nah i fw your clothing line  and you cute.
 staying up so i can smoke
 warriors smoked these niggas lol
 they got video of this 109 year old man on desus amp mero amp fool said he smoke 12 cigars amp drinks 4 cups of whiskey a day  he living
 joss weedman
 i better not ever hear my mom get mad at me for smoking weed when she said it was okay 
 i smoke a lot
 if a nigga still wears enyce and fubu jerseys that nigga smokes mad crack
 lots and lots and lots of ganja 
 smoking marijuana  eating cheetos  and masturbating do not constitute as plans in my book.  @bryancranston bbs2ep9 @aaronpaul8
 nearly 4 000 lbs of marijuana found inside fake limes. street value 800 000 
 lots of petty thieves  con artist  credit card fraudsters amp weed dealers  bank robbers r doing it 2 feed their fami 
 i let you smoke my last stoge and all my weed and then you get mad at me
 okay hempfield is closed  gs its your turn
 oshawa fire acting chief says flames and smoke visible from the building when they arrived. man jumped from home  n 
 @danktimmyk smoke one down and throw it in brune for me
 i left for school early and was driving behind a smoker going 10 under and came to the conclusion they deserve lung cancer
 reason  2853 not to smoke  theres snow on the ground and you still choose to go outside and give your lungs cancer. dumbass.
 if you want smoke wit us turn up niggas aint shit saving us
 reason  2853 not to smoke  theres snow on the ground and you still choose to go outside and give your lungs cancer.
 @dtweeeee look what was blowing around the parking lot like a tumble weed mysterysolved 
 my aunty finna get her ass put out on da way 2 brandon mall talkin bout i cant smoke amp turn my music down  she gotta go
 pbrs and cheap weed that they paid 35 a gram for 
 @reflectivelatex wonderful looking so hot in smokey black latex.
 im dead finna smoke this test
 i told this one nigga i dont smoke and nigga reacted as if i had called his grandma a dusty old bitch
 it all started when dad saw that ad and went out for them smokes... 
 dude next to me smells like straight weed  are you kidding me. im wearing a black benie and black sweater. its not me.
 you light my fire  lets stay up late and smoke a jay.
 congrats to the all conf basketball selections for stafford girls l. hempe 1st poy k. siweh 2nd  boys d.lardgej.dupee 1st d.johnson 2nd
 crews on scene at a structure fire in the 7600 block e woodrow rd. smoke visible off of hwy 84  between lubbock an 
 i smoke a lot of gassssss 
 oshawa chief fire prevention officer susan king says there doesnt seem to be working smoke detectors in home that 
 sonona county fairgrounds is hard as fuck to get to without a car  cow  palace is the ideal location  for  weed festivals. high times cup 
 sonoma county fairgrounds is hard as fuck to get to without a car  cow  palace is the ideal location  for  weed festivals. high times cup 
 niggas smoke a little weed buys a gun and boom they savages now 
 thats real tho my grandpa smokes that shit up 
 @rcamposduffy in other words chick  dont try to blow smoke.  the republican party is now the party of racism and sexism and you can own it
 thirstythursday is overrated. stop by our smoke shop and vape shop and avoid the hangover kansascity smokeshop 
 when you can smoke at the crib but have no bud
 bout to smoke these grams
 there is nothing better than manicured fingers giving me my weed.
 lmfaooo im deff the scary smoker... paranoid as shit 
 did this nigga just smoke a ghost pepper..... white people be trippin mane lmao 
 my professor straight up just googled price of weed for an example on the board
 my weed is loud and youre smoking libraries
 prescribed burn today in pine valley. smoke will be visible in the area and along i8 cleveland nf says. 
 whos crib can i slide to n smoke
 never been the boul pressed to go smoke other niggas weed  i got my own  been the plug  amp if not all my niggas on deck.
 carload of 4 next to me at tropdecatur just openly blazing weed. car looks like a fireplace  they dont seem to care lol
 smoking hookah all the time is just unattractive in my opinion. now smoking weed  thats my soft spot. 
 im so mad i was going to smoke before class and then my fucken pipe broke 
 girls like this smoke black and milds  and wear  low top jordans 
 natural ways to get rid of weeds  via @houzz
 niggas be claiming hey not getting high thats because you not holding in the smoke goofy
 putting my paintballs in the freezer overnight before i go paintballing next time so niggas wont cheat after i smoke them
 @sugarlips30 @garrettbarry70   smoke some more  and all of youre intellect will return...
 @childhoodtides fool you dont even smoke the devils lettuce
 niggas love to blow smoke
 noooooooooooo i forgot my weed card at my house 
 people say its not cute for girls to smoke i gets high af 
 nigga i smoke black and molds occasionally 
 after i smoke this blunt im gone drop a new song so head over to my soundcloud amp turn them notifications on
 forever wishing we could smoke in our dorm room 
 smoking weed and watching shane dawson conspiracy theories was good
 you really be saving a lot of bud when u smoke out of pipespieces rather than smoking a blunt.
 @phoebebridgers smoke signals is unbelievable. full length coming out this year i cant wait
 fuck man yall have no idea the struggle of living in a house u cant smoke in...im trapped man
 @jrattai probs wont go to la until summmmerrrr  come to lv next month for cannabis cup amp sedahs party 
 wyd after you smoke this    
 who wana smoke with me n ray hmu
 @jayluisf @mikeshawera i care bout what my nigga smokes
 cause its a lot of people who think im living check to check and spend all my money on zips of weed  heard you
 aly look into my eyeballs. these red  squinty  marijuana stained eyeballs..... i forgot what i was gonna say again
 @kianalovebug i be hoping that the niggas i date like weed so we can smoke together lmaooooo
 if you cant afford the 75 dollar permit  you prolly spent it on a eighth of designer weed.
 need trap  rampb  turn up or weed smoker type beatz click the link my bio beatmaker 
 nun of that dirt ass weed yall be puffing on 
 2no smoke  no lights  no coal  no work  and beat of all  no black lung trumpsgreatamerica 
 no smoke  no lights  no coal  no work  and best of all  no black lung trumpsgreatamerica 
 @tiedyesrusangel @mike1ac sorry kids but lungs werent made for smoke of any kind.
 wear tweed  smoke weed 
 @hopeharperxxx i have something you can smoke on lmao ok cutie it wont give you cancer either tom cat meow purr 
 we get it  u smoke weed  a lot  no one cares 
 if this was tch building surely they had   sprinklerheads  smokealarmshardwire  fire extinguishers  fire rated doors  emergency lites 
 the ivanka distraction stunt smoke blew back horribly now that focus is back on flames of travelban ban dumpster fire
 i really just tried to buy weed with my debit card. 
 @shadystevepoker this is r chance. paid to smoke weed dreamjob 
 we are starting our evening at smoke jazz club now....join us for a cocktail  @ smoke jazz club 
 no matter where i go in scottsdale they never have the cigs i smoke. like why. rich people like menthols too right
 why cant you afford your own weed habit sis 
 shooting a commercial with remy wcw @ city smoke 
 new york weed really underrated
 if you aint getting money you joke boy funny money face ass yous broke boy. my niggas smoke out ocean drive in dem new toys @kashdoll
 if lip gallagher asked me to smoke a fatty and fuck bc he got dissed by another girl i would probably beat him to his dorm
 get yaself into trouble amp think your gonna get your ass beat 18 or not but ya parents offer to buy you your medical marijuana card instead
 purple roc or blue roc ima name my strain.. now u can smoke roc ina healthy way 
 cant afford to smoke cant afford to quit 
 you ever smoke rez just to try and clean your bowl
 if they were smoking weed  they would probably not be there. 
 im about to die and jose tells me to smoke some weed...
 all niggas do is chase pussy and smoke weed thats why u niggas all broke 
 i want to smoke but im in the middle of an rp
 when i rted this i was thinking of weed ... then my nigga was like am i not a dime to you i was like... wtf  
 you smoke weed you like bread so..how are you 
 smoking marijuana the long term effects 
 yall smoke blacks
 @huffpostpol sen cruz should spend more time praying to root out his inner weeds rather than to weed out opponents. 
 i feel sorry for the next girl im with lol shes going to be smelling smoke for a few days after we run a fire lol
 lmao but im getting my degree. and youre spending money on weed to put in you vagina foh 
 lol now the hard part  finding a weedman
 somewhere between the coughing smoker and what kind of weed is this with my baby ass lungs  
 we put it in our hands guaranteed to smoke niggas 
 doctor asks if i smoke  me well i like to vape a lot 
 i thought it was common sense to not smoke around babies... 
 highwest cannabis  8 grams wax or shatter for 116  rec  denver  cannasaver  highwestcannabis weedmapsdeals
 i always smell weed everytime i walk into the parking lot at work  i just wanna know where ya at 
 my nigga a  yeah it might not be rolled good but it smoke doee ass nigga  
 hmmmm what shade of black to wear to smoker
 @trillkontrol okay. and youre a weed head 
 3 000 grams of pure cannabis oil... wyd after smoking this 
 smoke weed  get money  getting educated  influence others. all i do
 @infowars liberals  progressives buy lots of guns and smoke weed
 @tulsajeff i cannot get my bacon crispy on the smoker.
 females would you smoke a dude out  
 bout to smoke these grams fuck with yall later
 getting cancer from all the gar u just smoked 
 @themikesearle they want the place refined  relaxed  and happy so whats the problem i guess they only allow top shelf cannabis. niiiice
 giving up weed 
 just saw a weed ad on a bus.
 lots of smoke today from rx burns. for more info  
 now we see how important marijuana is to the health and well being of the people on planet earth. stay high and prosper.
  do you smoke the devils lettuce 
 you know how the weed go  unbelievable
 i should be prescribed weed not aderall smh
 this is for them joint smokers this this is for them gin sippers  this aint for no hoe niggas this aint for no bitch niggas
 stop wasting your breath on people and use it to inhale some weed
 thank you nishi whiteley for being our first cannabis connect 2.0 book for our book club. it was 
 just saw some dude get bitch slapped i laughed and the dude who slapped the guy gave me free weed
 the scale yall niggas use to serve yall skimp ass weed 
 @usbsecks but you inhale the foil when you light the weed
 u know a bitch aint never had shit a nigga buy her some give her a ride and some weed she swear she spoiled rmao
 the amount of weed this nigga pulled out his stash put the biggest smile on my face bachillorette
 @therealsaok @kotaku yeah its kind of a bummer  but i guess necessary to weed out all the garbage games that get submitted to greenlight.
 @tommyboyc @dougbenson @gregproops yeah and i was too scared to have a medical card so someone get me some legal weed stat
 i smoke a lot cause i know ill have to quit soon
 day 11 saw my doctor yesterday... said i should smoke a lil weed for my intense nausea so i will be vaping my concentrates before meals
 .@andyrosebrook this 70 y.o. lady is probably the nicest person i know  husband needed weed for his cancer  amp she was the family babysitter.
 smoke  100blk nw 3rd ave delray  @delraybeachfire units are onscene 3story residential bldg  smoke on floors 2 amp 3  no fire yet
 how half yall females smoke  
 @thatniggakev i said blacks not weed boy
 @jcardonaa i can only smoke in residential areas and i cant bring any out of state 
 tryna get this medical marijuana card.... i got hole in my 
 so my boss handed me my paycheck and said  heres your weed money. happyfriday
 @therealrvd not  what was i saying  i smoke too much herb and im working a @corpseofficial @sixfeetofficial interview  but i wanted to say
 all the real smokers give me hoc
 when you walking down the strip and you hear an old lady yelling free weed
 my vday plans include work  getting more tattoos  and weed.  
 finna get some fire weed and the biggest henny bottle they got facts
 looking to get high but on a budget find the cheapest weed with the buddy app. fresh pricing scan of dispensaries all over the us out now.
 where theres smoke  theres urine stained bedsheets. 
 gas what i smoke nigga ...
 let people smoke inside
 @covarrubia34 smoke me out pluuuuleeeassee and ima buy a gram are you home
 what i smoke nigga
 all you females do is  lie   talk to more than 1 nigga   smoke weed  watch make up tutorials amp pump gay boys head up.
 if weed was legal in ms  i would turn into a pothead.
 weed smoke and ozium... 
 they say easy friend  there he go talkin out weed again
 i need ma inhaler cus i havent smoked d devils lettuce in a long time nd im wheezing rn cus im a bitch
 a lot of my money go to weed and food
 chop  chop | soft texture lob waves |shadow roots  dimensional smoked ash iced pearl balayage 
 chop  chop | soft texture lob waves |shadow roots  dimensional smoked ash iced pearl balayage 
 chop  chop | soft texture lob waves |shadow roots  dimensional smoked ash iced pearl balayage 
 chop  chop | soft texture lob waves |shadow roots  dimensional smoked ash iced pearl balayage 
 chop  chop | soft texture lob waves |shadow roots  dimensional smoked ash iced pearl balayage 
 @buberzionist @runawaysmoker @mlimatin ah  runaway pole smoker. makes sense now.
 smoke weed with me john  sherlock
 moon rokc 65 a gram....  smokes just like reggie weed to me  everybodyhatespitts whats 
 freddy say you can get killed by a nigga that smoke witcha longliveclydeforever niggassnakes
 jb a ho ass nigga  gon walk up to me n ialiyah talkin bout  yall got some weed   nooo nigga 
 job interview next week in portland for a smoke shop 
 pic of the inside of a smokers return ductwork. i had the privilege of working on this mess. another reason to not 
 if you dont smoke weed wyd
 im so dead we smoked on a jewish grave and someone yelled nazi smh
 i was cooking and made the apartment hella smokey and i think my housemates got bothered
 niggas that smoke blacks in the house steal they grandmama check
 niggas that smoke blacks in the house curse in church
 @relentless55 @felixsellsphx @moemoton talib was getting smoked by ty all game  no adjustments at all.  next season wade puts harris on him
 @killparis thats the plan @juliebennett315 and i neeeeedddd to see you better hook a girl up and well smoke u down hehe
 the cute lady at the smoke shop called maya and i cute 
 give a hustler 1 000 he coming back with 10 000.. give a broke nigga 1 000 he coming back with weed jordans amp some designer jeans
 slide to dade county so we can smoke couple fat woods and sip that thang  
 next bitch or nigga to disrespect me im going to light a blunt amp blow the smoke in their face 
 @sensanders how is this legalwhat can we do  was this the plan all along know the ban will cause the smoke so t 
 todays smokes @cigarchairman @paradigmpres @nhale1300 @pistolcliff @robustobabe @wessmith62 @rciaschini @sonny 
 got weed in my pocket and this nigga is trynna have me go say hi to everyone and they mamma i think the fuck not
 @marcusmosher ones that are critical and dont try to blow smoke up a fanbases ass
 ion smoke or ion double cup wit niggas or shake hands or say wassup to niggas
 hundrend thousand in the car smokin weed 
 this nigga ant a foo think im finna smoke my dro wit him for the f  the fuck be wrong wit niggas
 welcome to the first cannabis connect 2.0 book club. our first book we will be diving into will 
 welcome to the first cannabis connect 2.0 book club. our first book we will be diving into will 
 deuce deuce on my hip and i wont hesitate to smoke you
 love when my cups half full of smoke  
 nigga almost ruined the smoke session playing rich homieflex
 dead ass why i smoke lmao 
 @lilchimeycgepte bitch nigga dont want no smoke    ...nigga u a bitch u aint no real crip ..all dat sneak dissing...nigga im stamped 
 watch  cops this black dude threw out a gun and getting  charged with  weed now he crying  wtf  now he cant talk 
 nigga u must want smoke  
 being able to buy weed with your debit card is tight 
 @worldstarfunny @sophiyaaa8 you in your head probably when you smoke
 when you have lawts of lowd weed 
 i just want to smoke and blunt and talk about conspiracy theories  
 i brought my bowl but no weed wtf 
 @snoopdogg i got some weed for you my nigga
 i said fuck it and smoked inside my momma house today and she gone say check my tv cords sumn burnin in the house 
 @thejennmayers @cockycunter twitter  run to the dentist and get those teeth fixed. you look like you chew rocks and smoke cigarettes
 wow some girl on fb was talking about weed in her status and she referred to it as devils lettuce what kind of std sounding shit is that
 im bout to turn into a weed head
 every club i go to niggass think im famous dude jus gave me a hand full of weed 
 suddenly i dont have an urge to smoke.
 iso cute angel girls to smoke with and doodle in bed
 i see u one of those girls who fuck for three hits on a blunt n u probably dont inhale the smoke completely.  do u 
  what i smoke nigga
 the lush that i smoke a blow ya lungs out
 and then this winter the angels come to reap  im alive  i smoke like a nigga  i listen to 2pac  i have silver  i have magic cards.
 like im offended. you have a joblife that allows you to smoke and youre over here puffing blunts like its a cigarette
 2017 the era of marijuana like the 80s was for crack
 @skleemoney @chubsinthecut i didnt want to smoke i just had something to say if you said ya was at your crib 
 @princessray17 there are folks in jail for petty weed offenses rn but when a government deems it ok they can profit all they want
 like the devils lettuce you smoke 
 easy to skip a piece like this that gets in the weeds of diplomacy and doesnt explicitly drum up outrage. dont 
 still need valentinesday plans if coupled  reserve a 3 course dinner spot at thewillistead. if uncoupled  smoke 
 john just told me maybe i should smoke more cus im grouchy i mean im not against it
 just posted a photo @ speakeasy vape lounge and cannabis club sevl 
 just posted a photo @ speakeasy vape lounge and cannabis club sevl 
 @kaligdubxl well i was with a friend older and they were smoking some out of this planet kinda weed
 what you think motivates the ganja  im out getting it lemme lone 
 if smoke cigarettes... thats a automatic nogo 
 wow just did some money tracking and i spend more money on weed than groceries everyweek i hate myself
 smh i shouldve brought my weed with me now im on break looking sad
 do not grocery shop at westbrook hannafords. place is absolutely smoked with people.
 brother this shit crazy  niggas was finna hit the road and bubble cant smoke at the gas station nomo wit my nigga 
 draymond is overrated. yall niggas been smoking to much of that weed. draymond green is the dpoy. dont @
 amp if its any nigga dat wont smoke wit me i will be in albany. february 18. run up hoe ass nigga. you amp ya promo team
 loud concerts probably damage hearing..fast food clogs arteries..alcohol damages your liver etc etc. smoke em if u 
 yall is this that old nigga thats talmbout smoking weed to survive 
 after work smoke with my @nat42nd timeless 556 and some @cigarauthority thecrew tc2 smokethegoodones 
 a lot of great things dont feel like theyre legal in ms. weed  education  tolerance to name a few 
 i need a lot of weed once i get too colorado 
 wish i knew more females that smoke
 i got some smoke for yo ass aight 
 someones smoke a grape blunt in the parking structure. hello wheres my invite
 @richthekid smoke one nigga
 i just want to smoke weed and ill cut everything off so i can get throw money 
 opened report via iphone at 236 seaver st  1  dorchester  saw smoke on floor 2  could be burnt food but no sure.
 i smoke a lot of gas   drink a lot of syrup .. did a lot of dirt .. flipped a lot of work 
 finally got my cannabis card.
 @iamakademiks is you dumb  the most important person in that video is scott storch eating weed.
 leaves one bar cause nobody was giving me weed and walks to the bar next door to continue the hunt
 heck yeah kaylie was in the money today yall run them barrels with smoke coming off the 
 when i dont plan on spending money on drugs this week but the weedman hmu 
 question for the niggas that only smoke 
 my eye doctor asked if i smoke and out of habit i said what she said probably not cigarettes so she put no
 eww i hate seeing pretty girls get mixed up with weed. girl its not cute. no 
 bih i smell like dolce amp gabbana amp some weed
 its 75 degrees here headed to porch to smoke my 880 jfr lunatic @cigarartqueen @briiicarter @cigarweekly 
 a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke
 just posted a photo @ speakeasy vape lounge and cannabis club sevl 
 just posted a photo @ speakeasy vape lounge and cannabis club sevl 
 i purposefully spent my money on groceries so that i wont buy weed
 im tryna smoke bookoo bouts before we slide . so who matching what 
 cant smoke weed with a mother fucking hole in my lung
 niggas smoke you up like its currency.
 my cousin said i was the youngest but i smoked the most  i was 13 with vent lungs
 @wildstylemethod just smoke some cigarettes and itll suffocate the toxins
 college smokeshow just asked rebecca to dm them for a feature 
 @ficklepickle thats how i didnt smoke for a week im too cheap to buy a real one though
 dude at bus stop sorry to bother you but i saw your hair and was wondering if you smoke that green me no im good
 where my niggas at im tryna smoke suffa
 how come we only smoke with dudes where all the females at.
 blair burds jumper with 2.3 seconds left rolls in. class 4a no. 7 western dubuque rallies past 5a no. 15 dubuque hempstead  3634.
 @thedonbigz @901milly ps they will let you smoke inside if ya know what i mean 
 my auntie talmbout i smoke gas i mean straight 93  fuck ha
 someone left a small jar that had weed in my uber and i opened it up cause i was curious and this fool kicked me out smh fuck you
 he cant afford ah oz.. so he smoke on blackampmilds
 try to play nigga and im gon roll you up like a swisher and smoke ya nigga..
 feed your endocannabinoid system with hemp  
 turning into a smoker 
 i cant converse with a nigga thats stuck. nor do i have the patience for a nigga in a mood cause he hasnt smoked 
 this is what happens when you smoke the devils lettuce  420 
 all i do run plays    and smoke a lot weed
 all i do is run plays and smoke a lot of weed 
 im at powell house cannabis club  @powellhouse420 in portland  or 
 a party should have party music not smoke sesh musicc
 lemme get a nigga that smokes amp its over 
 females be looking sooo stupid when they smoke and dont inhale 
 kd smoked westbrook with the silencer. lmfaooo god damn. 
 nigga...you want me to take you to get some weed and you think you aint gon put no gas in my car 
 thats that weed choking me my uber driver oops 
 the prison across the street has cleaner air than harrahs. what genius lets humans smoke indoors
 aye real life if you aint smoke with me during my weed santa days in 20152016 you missed out on a era. niggas was big lit for nothing.
 me is that fog the boys damn dude we smoked a lot more than we thought we did 
 gas what i smoke nigga
 if you only buy 12 grams of weed at a time youre childish 
 random but im glad ive quit pretending i enjoy smoking weed .... edgy i know
 drove all the way to hampton to just smoke in my car
 sheesh  who bought a smoke signal i bet a helicopter started circling over them 
 ineed some marijuana or either liquor in my system asap
 i would. cant get no weed trapped in one room. 
 back of the spot smoked out thats how you find me
 i swear i have an amazing theory about blue dream that i would love to smoke a blunt and share it with them. dead ass blows your mind
 as the marijuana burn we can take our turn singin them dirty rap songs
 some bitches came to college just too fuck  drink  smoke  and throw ass like what was your purpose 
 put the 5 to a hater and smoke a nigga
 put some music on  smoke a blunt and devise a plan.  
 @cnni garbage mexican weed lol
 just had a cop named marco blow vape smoke in my face  go stangs
 need a female to stay up with me and do hw together while we smoke woods 
 ross feli is that weed   me girl its cilantro
 15 is the age i started skating amp smoking weed
 @stonersguideto are you buying your colorado weed at a pot shop that may be the problem. locals all know a grower or two
 yall needa get on the marijuana movement govt fucking people with there medical card... smh 
 i use to think herbal life was mf selling medical weed bummer
 we have gone from a red light on the dashboard to smoke coming out from under the hood. time to pull over. 
 i got smoked out by this random at that partyshowopen mic.. the dude was a drummer of one of the bands lol .
 they was smokin fake weed in pineapple express. my whole life is a lie
 @walshfreedom @foxnews x lol over her head barry s trojan ofa continues plan to caliphate  behind smoke and mirrors.
 off in the distance looks like a brush fire  can seesmell smoke but no issue to the race @fcn2go rundonna 
 whitesboro  from marcy but claims shes from utica  wears pink camo  smokes in locker room  has sex in the pit 
 lets smoke and drink on the roof staring at the stars talking about life...... but youll have to be able to help my drunk ass back down 
 with muslim names and the targets of their espionage  its a kind of a duh moment lots of smoke terrorists yes 
 a 100 for a dozen red roses  thats a lot of money for a plant you cant smoke.
 trap nigga smoking rapper weed
 the party  for me  is not the event. the party is when i leave the event and smoke a blunt on the way to mcdonalds.
 @pbcfr any rules for people to burn in backyard   not very pleasant having to breath smoke on my patio.
 .@wvcfd battalion chief says one @wvcpd officer was treated for smoke inhalation after helping people evacuate. say 
 remember oomf dm me talm bout i was cute n allat i was feelin it. then she said but you smoke  bihh duh and yo sexy ass aint stoppin me
 aparently some canadian weed account following me
 come up to phi delta theta tonight to smoke some cigars and play poker or just hangout and play games and get to know the brothers gogreek
 while youre out smoking weed im out at bulow picking weeds
 @jheanellew recognizing @davidmoon2014 for cannabis ballot initiative leadership @marylandnorml @mddems @mdreps 
 you probably smoke cigs 
 chain smokers hit you in ghost spot
 lot of smoke to be no fire.
 if you smoke cigarettes unfollow me
 i smoke so much weed they think umma go broke... nigga you sound like my hoe
 blow your smoke 
 im sooo excited to get my journal in the mail amp also kevin is giving me his old vape so i can not smoke 
 i dont know what pisses me off more  muni buses with weed ads or muni buses that still have christmas ads. its february. christmas is over
 headed to the stuy to smoke 7 grams wit bfats and them
 does anyone want to hangout with me in this fine sunday ill smoke yo ass upppp
 yo i smoked a with blunt with @chrisbrown last  migos was had the place lit and my boy travis scott killed his performance
 i need to smoke weed with a female
 aka eyewear 2017 sunglasses transparent smoke frames  chrome lenses and zebra wood temples 
 @gleasonsky @nickedmondson youre and havent yoy been hit by nick how about you guys go smoke some more pot 
 smoking weed and talking about ghosts
 berries of brazilian pepper tree invasive weed in florida kill superbugs  
 i would love to get rid of gravs and just use a bongbowl but im a sucker for saving weed 
 the biggest weed i smonkd  
 if i were now absorbed in drifting like a cloud or a water weed  which mountains and rivers ought they to visit dogen
 my weedman be trippin but he got that fire so he cool.
 bouta turn into one those we dont smoke the same boot ass niggas  
 now im forced to turn 2 grams into one blunt cause this nigga aint bring no weed
 @forhonorgame thank you for letting us test it  theres just a lot of connectivity issues that need to be weeded out before i buy it.
 if you buy pizza bagels. i assume you smoke a lot of weed
 wyd after smoke this 
 first 2 for 10 now 25 dollar 8ths niggas fucking the game up..just giving away the weed lol got these fien mf expecting 2 blunts out dimes
 smoking weed under star projectors 
 i smoke more den u niggas wit grown man jobs 
 @flotus there are some classic examples of cannabis art in bethesda by the sea. heres ourbook as a sleuthing guide 
 bout to smoke w my rollie 
 @denzealots @kevinavery @wkamaubell i think we should have known alonzo was dirty when we saw he smoked kools that 
 @staysmooth36 you got two jobs but you robbed someone for 50 dollars worth of weed lmao bitch shit up broke boy
  medical weed is so much cleaner
 all yall do is smoke in this car  ya car a big ass ashtray 
 yeah  he saw the filter with smoke and decided to blow...lol  
 i need a female thats a smoker n can come smoke a moonrock blunt with me with out tapping 
 me when i run out of weed 
 why do people smoke in their cars nasty......
 .7 weed .3 stem thats not a gram bih
 we are pregaming at the smoke ring getting ready for the walking dead premiere and the rise of 
 these smoke clouds giving me shelter  and ill feel much better when demons wave their white flags for me
 lost my debit card in burbank and had to use paypal to buy all my weed  thank jebus for the 
 mood u old petey pablo take ur shirt off wave it round ur head like a helicopter i aint put enough weed in the blunt all i do is smoke toba
 the cute chain smoker is so cute
 this guy is grinding his weed on the hollywood stars. i luv him
 niggas buy a gun   smoke a little weed   amp forget there a bitch
 i think i just smelled a weed in the parking lot 420
 yall... lili brought her car so its just me her and the plug... thank you god for weed
 i can see if i was fuckin this nigga the most we did was smoke together 
 retweet and see smoke coming out of the wh . . . 
 @sskompp smoke me out probably
 every billboard here is either about weed or red bull. this city gets me.
 wyd after you smoke this 
 waitin to hear this nigga smoke lol
 @amcwalkingdead   the zombienator the walking dead weed wacker
 border patrol officers really just pulled me aside to ask if i smoked weed wuuut
 what if blacks smoke more and thats why theres more ads directed to them not a supporter of smoking  but maybe t 
 probably a weed infused drink  
 wyd after you smoke this 
 i just traded my cigarette for weed with this random dude lmao
 buy it  break it  roll it  light it  smoke it  inhale it  im gone
 go smoke some reggie cheap ass nigga
 these niggas smoke everyday lmao
 @justintrudeau black people are dogged  end the weedban at the canadian border. weed is not terror @mmflint
 this nigga from work said he remembers how when i started working here i used to smoke outta anything i would findpineapples  pears etc
 my wifi is smoked
 they have weed dispensaries in dc delivering weed products to people but the jails jammed packed with black folk who only had a gram on them
 o man i just took my ras clothes out of the dryer and he wears those huf weed socks lol
 you know youre an honest hardworking american when u smoke weed to get rid of back pain rather than to have fun
 cigarettes are trash and if you smoke them you probably smell like cancer and death. nasty ass trash breath ass
 giving up weed for a while is probably the best thought that came through my brain
 lingo up telling us about the time quavo kicked him out his room just so him amp takeoff could smoke for da first time 
 lingo up telling us about the time quavo kicked him out his room just so him amp takeoff could smoke for da first time 
 cant fuck with guys who drink a lot of smoke a lot 
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 4300 block of se 28th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000013263 2217 pdx911
 @whurensohn youre right. it was used in reference to smoke coming from crematoria during wwii but only used as a term by holocaust deniers.
 smoking weed under star projectors
 @voyboy wait get the weed and lets put it in paper then burn it... maybe inhale it to see if its real
 and yes nigga im talking to you have no beef i just get it in what i believe real nigga dawg you was about to buy your weed form me
 anybody going to cannabis cup in a few weeks
 all that shit you talkin all them pills you poppin all that smoke you talkin you never do it
 heavy smoke is seen from the house fire at 4031 pennsylvania ave in big chimney. fire crews still working on hotspo 
 heavy smoke is seen from the house fire at 4031 pennsylvania ave in big chimney. fire crews still working on hotspo 
 breaking large apartment building on fire located at 100th and oklahoma. @choppermatt is live over the scene as smoke pours from the roof.
 @only1cam this is alternative facts  i know hella niggas who smoke hella dope and got children 
 i think light smokers have more malleable lungs when it comes to breath control
 @daichimack sike    yall aint hitting my weed smh
 the officer smelled the odor of marijuana emitting from inside the vehicle.
 cotton was charged for poss of marijuana ii and poss of drug paraphernalia  processed and released on bond.
 a lot of these niggas yall think getting money  blow it all on hoes  food and weed so they really broke..
 i smoke a lot of weed
 @katramsland  the morality patrols  or hisbah  place a lot of emphasis on catching smokers.
 per @tuscaloosapd  ua football player lester cotton was arrested friday amp charged w poss of marijuana amp poss of drug paraphernalia @wvua23
 @katramsland   the morality patrols  or hisbah  place a lot of emphasis on catching smokers.
 someone in the portland metro area sell me marijuana
 females be cute af but think they gonna get smoked out .... sike 
 need some weed in my system
 smoking weed and smoking niggas
 i smoke a lot of gas
 recipe for energy  into nutribullet cup add a handful of spinach  an orange  one chocolate hemp 
 let me throw this smoke bomb down 
 2 yrs ago russell bitch slapped a kid 2 guys blew smoke in taylors face  i threatened to stab them with this selfi 
 2 yrs ago russell bitch slapped a kid 2 guys blew smoke in taylors face  i threatened to stab them with this selfi 
 giving out free smoke on @nba2k on xbox one send them gt
 i walking to class and this girl behind me said he smokes weed but not cigarettes so idk what to do
 @ecigemporiumllc well i dont smoke or vape  sorry
 my grandma talkin bout getting medicinal marijuana for glaucoma amp selling it what is this day
 anyone trying to learn enough science to smoke jupiter
 i do the same shit at work as i do at home. smoke a lot of weed and tweet.
 girl if you dont inhale that smoke 
 my professor hopefully we will see some grass this weekend and then continues to say the kind on the ground  not the stuff you smoke
 my medical card better arrive discretely lol. there better be no signs of weed on the envelope
 @cremefraiche @brookshelley 2 late i already put an ad in the paper for a real boy 2 eat nachos and smoke weed with 
 go smoke meth  portland  it is what youre good at.
 wyd after you smoke this 
 @tstyleztime facts iont know why nigga wanna smoke poopy pacc
 now thugs are walking through the parking lot smoking weed what the fuck is up today i just needa go home
 niggas never put in but be wanting to smoke
 ol dude from the smoke shop is a big ass flirt
 my nieces middle name was named after weed lol que cute
 yall love talkin bout if u cant afford to smoke  dont. but hold upp  you only wit ya nigga cause he a plug amp u cant afford to smoke
 students working on iphone. iphone explodes. room fills with smoke. thanks hhs nice to know your fire alarms work i feel more safe. 
 my auntie be saying weedy wee weedy wee this me and her song 
 my dad just asked if i am putting marijuana in my vape
 you said you want some smoke well nigga puff it up 
 anyone know whats on fire in brooklandparagould not only is there a gigantic smoke cloud but theres ashes everywhere in my neighborhood
 a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke
 when the weed so loud you gotta put it in the gas tank 
 i turn ur girlfrien in to a pall mall smoker
 blowin smoke like hookah out tha roof like we brought snoop with us 
 who wanna smoke with me my last night real nigga shit  hmp
 the only thing better than weed is a lot of weed 
 wtf the only place in the airport you can smoke a stoge at costs 3 
 boys exhaling smoke get me off
 for the amount of weed i smoke  your girl can run
 back in my middle school days i pimped my shed out and made it a smoke spot niggas had a tv and xbox in there shit was lit
 i suspected this guy stephen miller is coocoo but now ian sure he must be smoking some strong ganja  
 this kid comes up to me and goes wanna buy an 80 guitar center gift card for 60 im trying to buy weed
 wiz reefer part party video still undefeated
 foh lemme smoke this blunt 
 and whats wrong with the plans you sent obama to replace obamacare was that just smoke and mirrors use one now. congressdoyourjob
 smoke til a nigga cant smoke no mo.
 potty break @ smokey point rest area n in arlington  wa 
 is legal to smoke weed in a car in wa theres some teens imbibing in a huge joint in the parking lot @seattlepd
 @fireflyvapor firefly2 herbal vaporizer now available @hilifesmokeshop @ hilife smoke amp vapor shop 
 this nigga said smoke a twinky 
 breaking air7hd is overhead now. mickey amp friends parking structure appears full. smoke subsiding. 56 cars reportedly ablaze. live next.
 watch as the first billows of smoke and fire rise from @nasas pad 39a since the end of the space shuttle era 
 unlikelyemergencies she brought weed
 females that think just because they cute they can smoke for free are the funniest hoes.
 wyd after u smoke this 
 local social an awesome event @ the smokey park supper club  @franzicharen @tommycsbdf 
 @medwellhealthma @idahohemp ty unfortunately its scleroderma  incurable. but thank god for cannabis  pain relief is just a puff away 
 these hoes be 20  smoke all day  laid up with they no good nigga amp giving him all ha money while ha kids be starving tf kinda shit is that
 bought a piece of glass amp had some weirdo @ the gas station begging me to smoke 
 disneyland parking garage fire out  57 victims being treated for smoke inhalation  police say 
 @joshlynnxsucell dont b a broke girl and buy me some weed
 niggas buy a gun and smoke a lil weed and forget they a bitch
 fire is out. units clearing the structure of smoke. receiving reports of 57 victims of smoke inhalation. medics 
 @aiiamericangiri @andrewfenton9 @slate all about the marijuana play
 i think im acting out cus i need to smoke amp fuck. idk.
 but at least i start my new job tmw .. i hope dey aint all jolly .. my ass is miserable  no dck n no connect to smoke.
 all of my weed providers has the  next to their name  easy asf to contact.
 psa  ya females that think its cute to smoke a black like a jay u stupid and hope u get strep throat 
 the @thechainsmokers need to chain smoke their way to lung cancer so we dont have to hear their trash remixes anymore.
 if a nigga want smoke my nigga unkey on the way
 new @swishersweets banana  smash now available @hilifesmokeshop @ hilife smoke amp vapor shop 
 gun smoke spark up nigga
 i wish i had some weed in my system because im about to 2 seconds from flipping my shit ...
 me and harry smoke with the roof off like hannnnnn 
 i wish i had some weed in my system because im about 2 seconds away from flipping my shit ...
 unlikelyemergencies ive run out of weed
 this nigga went and smoked wo me. wheres the loyalty
 i smoked the devils lettuce yesterday 
 im guessing @realdonaldtrump regretting attacking the cia these last 12 months. just a guess. the smoke is starting to billow....
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 2900 block of se 64th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000013523 2029 pdx911
 @jasoninthehouse hopefully this resignation tells you where theres smoke there is fire. please push for bipartisan investigation.
 that weed be letting you know its evil lurking 
 @alonteb lol just skip weed and go to crack
 been smoking weed since the age of 14. yall bitches be too hype to post pics of them petty skimp blunts 
 mane yall ever knocked on the weedman door and the police answer  fuck
 @jeffticle dude i know  there was another one of those wyd after you smoke this tweets. and those comments killed me  hahah
 @pregameeng @meggydub  gettin that weed... 
 holy smokes. that could be life changing if we saw things this way. 
 all i do is smoke cigarettes and read books  guess im a nerd at heart 
 wish the weedman accepted cards
 @brianestrella yeah this nigga use to smoke cigarettes at the age of 11 smh lol
 niggas be having special instructions on how to smoke they blunt and shit  
 im mexican and i smoke. 
 girls that smoke weed are a turn off 
 ill turn your girlfriend into a pall mall smoker
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 0 ne 148th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000013561 0133 pdx911
 i just want a full tank amp weed amp ill be happy 
 bramptons fire chief says the downstairs neighbour kicked a door down to rescue a child caught amid the smoke of this ams fire in bramalea
 most of these rappers videos all look the same...a bunch of niggas smoking weed and waving guns. smh. thats y i fux with @raesremmurd heavy
 @buttegal i think he may have just learned flynn was resigning and saw his 3 week old term going up in smoke....
 if you smoke to look cute you should stop smoking 
 when you burn your root beer poptarts and cause the smoke alarm to go off at 9 am  you know its 
 @hill4america @foxnews @flotus @emrata 10 videos on @michelleobama gthttpst.cozyidzeaw3z when there is smoke there might be a fire
 @hill4america @foxnews @flotus @emrata 10 videos on @michelleobama gthttpst.conzfdbrbnrt when there is smoke there might be a fire
 prescribed burn today 123p at latta plantation. @meckparkrec burning 7 acres. expect smoke in area. noemergency 
 big smokey fire at yonge and st clair house on the left  behind holy chuck. avoid the area  
 mr weedman  
 if you  smoke in the county today  it could be coming from one of the following prescribed burns nevertheless  c 
 i think the pink smoke really paid off. 
 yall were getting smoked out amp nutted on all year by a plethora of niggas amp now you cant even get a half a kit kat bar ma 
 smells like weed in the parking lot bright and early for the stoners
 so you have recallsecocert suspension on canadian medical cannabis for banned pesticide use  and fungibacteria found on american cannabis.
 my tjones boy friend broke and still smokes reggie so i brought this for her 
 about to smoke my last hollywood.
 i say smoke and then to see john wick . i treat myself well i know
 1055 am  radar detecting smoke from a fire near hwy. 4 east of munson and north of baker. flwx nwfl 
 black smoke from a fire on yonge street. @ blooryonge 
 i love the look on peoples faces when i smoke blunts walking to class
 ima pay niggas wit smoke 
 @jkavy @jamietgore cannabis cup 420423 socal
 dont be alarmed by the smoke today  it is part of a prescribed burn of the prairie area between 
 she said she smoke nothing but loud  i said well buy it. she say i dont have the bread  i said girl you broke and boujee.
 @ledzepcomplete @991plrfm i went to the black crows when they played there  first concert i was totally straight  i should have smoked a joi
 u the type that smoke with niggas when im locked up 
 chopper 5 is live over a 2alarm fire at the churchill crossing apartments in mesquite  smoke visible through roof 
 im at powell house cannabis club  @powellhouse420 in portland  or 
 i wanna drink a lot of coffee smoke a lot of cigs and shoot a gun today
 smoking marijuana  eating cheese doodles  and masturbating do not constitute plans in my book
 this aint no friday coming like worm pull up and smoke me a nigga
 people i hate girls that smoke weed  its not cute for girls to smoke weed 
 girls who smoke isnt cute           i dont smoke weed to be cute dumbass  i smoke to be high 
 girls who smoke isnt cute                      i dont smoke weed to be cute dumbass  i smoke to be high 
 the neighbors that know its my music... they request can they be inside a video to smoke.
 im sorry but if you smoke cigarettes  its a turn off 
 itll be smoke coming from up under there 
 lots of smoke  you know the fire is near. 
 anyone who wears the d.a.r.e shirts probably smokes a lot of weed.
 why am i always caught walking behind cigarette smokers  
 ima smoke me a gram today  all them gifts and shit
 wow i just finished weeds i feel so empty inside
 mine and racys idea of celebrating valentines day is pigging out on taco johns and smoking too much weed
 im just trying to get paid and smoke
 ilse why u work so much. well bitch i smoke a lot. lol
 u don dey smoke  
 @klvnfido hell yea bro we gotta link and smoke and plan this week lol
 weed is not a drug but if you tryna fuck someone...... weed is important...  why is it so important 
 future weed dealer  drives an s10 that rattles from a 50 subwoofer bumping trap music  wears cargos 
 if you smoke black and milds youre trash  not sorry
 if you smoke black and milds youre trash  not sorry
 you know i hate it when my weed not broke down.
 @domolete @ramzim50 @vejeees lmfaooooo smoker lungs head ass
 flynn investigation admits wrong doing by several parties... leaks investigation is smoke and mirrors to make you t 
 should people lose their jobs over weed these folks say no way 
 sickest weed spot in portland. reminds me a bit of home. 
 despite prevention guidelines  few smokers seek ct scans to check for lung cancer  via @khnews
 @jbpky98 @logic301 i can blow os with vape smoke
 wow. quite the theory here. i dont know that i buy it  but  on the other hand  theres a lot of smoke right now.  
 i turn ya girlfriend into a pall mall smoker
 yall. ima fuck my weedman.
 you fuckers can fire @kellyannepolls  you can send minions like @speakerryan to throw smokebombs to cover your escape  but we are on to you.
 it took me forever to figure out that was that nigga in the smoke on ds2  
 wyd after you smoke this 
 told my self ima stop smoking and here i am at the cannabis club picking up shit 
 valentines treat @ smoke jazz club 
 @alltime last nigga talked that shit got smoked nigga
 hear the sound. see the smoke. choochooooooo 
 i love these people who inhale chemical smoke to get a video of a 6 alarm fire
 we see premature cad in pts with familyhistory  smokers  familial hypercholesterolemia  elev lipoprotein a  dm am 
 a smoker mary jane is about to burn down a whole ass ny highrise. beingmaryjane
 had to roll up and smoke at work in the parking lot 
 i know niggas is getting smoked 
 @airlineflyer oh yeah get lga on a smoke break and boy. oh. boy. the shit talking
 any nigga that lights up more than one blunt is a lame and not a real smoker.. type of niggas that only smoke to impress niggas
 come and smoke  and then blow me
 this drummer is probably craigs weed dealer. no other reason to have someone so tepid behind the kit.
 a lot of smoke in this one  but still no details on the intent of communications 
 smoking weed more important then me ...
 shit headed to the crib to smoke 
 anything involving weed is wack
 i heard youre going to maintain michelle obamas herb garden. how about a cannabis garden flotus
 the gop party is in the freakin weeds even fox news is not spinning their web gopcockroaches
 me to a patient whats your plans for valentines day  her get home smoke and the fire stick and dick me did you say fire stick and dick
 if you wear high socks with the marijuana leaf  youre a fucking loser dude lmao
 @jedival good when i see ppl wear them im like okay we get it  you smoke weed  awesome. like no just smoke it lmao
 im blocking out the haters with all the vape smoke 
 this old fuck backed into me and took his bumper off  drove a lap  parked at the smiths door  smoked a cigarette  and left.  cody
 laughed wit her  smoked gas wit her amp when i told her that im white she said u a bad nigga
 you know when im mixing i smoke when i drank its tradition
 wyd after you smoke this 
 this is what it looks like when @ronjohnsonwi blows smoke.   via @journalsentinel
 ummmm because where theres smoke theres fire whyd yall put this together like this  
 plano fire working a fire at the corner bakery near collin creek mall. heavy smoke showing. 
 this weed needs pulled out by its roots please and thank you  
 wow. @potus @realdonaldtrump @whitehouse is in fullon panic mode today. where theres smoke... keep digging  @nytimes and @washingtonpost.
 when that tax refund hit amp i can afford to see my lover amp also buy weed amp art supplies  suddenly i love god and i rebuke my heathen ways.
 nigga who bout to smoke crack 
 if you could not have your cigarette smoke blow my way  that would be fantastic. 
 .@kingcfb my favorite guy. sits in car. smokes 6. talks on phone. throws butts on ground. coffinnails 
 lmao i was drunk as hell last night  i left my weed and card in the garage
 where theres smoke  theres fire. and folks  theres a lot of smoke. flynnresignation russiagate donaldtrump @fbi @cia investigatetrump
 @danurda nah the only one thats been confirmed was no. rest was probably just smoke.
 update in life my roommate got home from california  asked if i wanted to smoke what he brought back and now im g 
 then the plug so grimy.... he buss ya head for a .8... now im pissed cause i gotta smoke this skimp ahh l with yo ass
 commercial structure fire 1653 se port saint lucie blvd smoke damage throughout the business dampd meats. fire contai 
 almost all of them are retweets about soccer and all your tweets are weed and whining 
 i smoke a lot of gas 
 the type of nigga that smoke seeds with his shit 
 nigga got some great value weed 
 nigga its rainin bout to go smoke up nd finish writin this song
 i find it ironic when doctors smoke cigarettes.... like wyd
 if youre going to smoke an opusx cigar youll probably want to use one of these colibri astoria opusx lighters. 
 @jayleneegar skip class just smoke cigs instead.
 leakers of classified information should be weeded out tried and imprisoned. 
 @432jazz lemme guess you love for that weed amp money
 oml i just now saw his face in ds2  i thought it was just smoke or sum 
 they fucked up giving me my marijuana card ofn  
 lmao bj valentines day picture so dusty. that nigga hair look like a tumble weed
 i got the weed at the crib  and the liquor too i fuck your soul out  releasin all your spiritual.
 @realdonaldtrump  the radical leftists in the government need to be weeded out. drain the swamp.
 gotta weed out all the useless people...if they aint adding value to my life in some kind of way  they staying behind.
 girls gone complain about a nigga using them and wasting her time when all they do is use niggas for food and weed
 dope juice cap trapping on the cell phone  pull up on you with a stack  no gun   home nigga yea  you know what i smoke on
 and my car go fast and i smoke a lot off gas
 my mom stay talkin me out bout driving far cus she kno i love weed and would have a lot on me 
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 10800 block of sw 57th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000013855 0907 pdx911
 theres a dude walking around harvard sq. with a legalize reefer sign. unless hes pushing hard for federal reform  mission accomplished
 how u gunna wear socks with fuckin weed plants on them to ur job lmfao people on a whole never level of not giving a fuck
 i can smell the dirty air amp gun smoke as soon as i step off the plane 
 an officer jumped a fence and landed on a homemade trap meant to keep thieves out of a marijuana. 12news  
 @realdonaldtrump weed out obamas devils now
 igotcaught smoking weed amp got kicked out of high school. still got my diploma tho 
 so to my weedman 
 when ur bf comes to school at lunch just to smoke darts in the parking lot with you gtgtgt 
 monmouth  matawan  12 overhill rd  working fire  heavy smoke in the basement  calling the working fire
 2 types of smokers niggas who brag like its super cool an hip an then niggas that just be high all the time .i just be high all the time 
 yo weed is 8 cents a gram in india
 the hardest working people i know smoke the most amount of weed
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 4300 block of se 28th pl  portland  or portland fire rp17000013900 1300 pdx911
 where that useless emmywizzy dey that guy dey watch back of tv with he weed.
 @bellavictoria22 uhm  except for ones you can eat  wear  andor smoke  but then those are food  clothes  and ... well  things you can smoke.
 rain moving into areas affected by florida brush fires. impressive returns on radar from smoke plume. flwx 
 if she call you with the man i aint broke but i cant buy no weed right now what you bouta do she willing to throw the neck for a bag
 bah bah black sheep.  have you any weed
 wholy smokes clarity by john mayer is a flippin classic
 @buberzionist boring brenners book gets into the weeds. sees how israeli arabs have become jews in a way  in part because of oppression.
 it kinda blows my mind that you can smoke in this airport in designated areas  so 90s in some ways
 breakingnews fire 2700 block of florida st  @pbcfr on location  heavy smoke from home  fire attack started  florida cmd
 turn em into pall mall smoker 
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 11800 block of ne holladay st  portland  or portland fire rp17000013923 1512
 anyways bitch white smoke was dripping off ya girl like nen or some
 ill spend 200 on weed before i blow it on clothes
 rand paul think we should not have a investigation of the russian connection. if its smoke its fire.
 i need a pal to smoke the devils lettuce with rn
 girl i was messing with fucked on my weedman. i got some shit free as hell once. this nigga looking at her like 
 @ejazmin10 well at least i now the area your around to smoke one im down lol and i was smoking in the car to lol
 2013 dodge challenger on staggered 22 @giovannawheels haleb in black smoked. tires by 
 im off with paid leave until next wednesday so someoone come throw and smoke with me and play playstation
 u know why weed is bad i hear its common to go online and end up researching the depths of wikipedia.
 smoke a lot of weed but my shit together
 lots of smoke at what looks like universal studios hollywood. any ideas its not waterworld. 
 niggas down here smoke bacon
 money is the root to all evil....... root to all happiness bitch happiness   so theres weed in the end too 
 @hippieoflove because of weed it would be easy to say green but im gonna say purple
 lots of smoke to the south. reports are its a fire east part of tijuana at a recycling plant 
 ray once called weed devils lettuce and i find that pretty funny
 like i mean they use to break the knob   put it back on and break it again  i drunk a little well a lot but mostly smoked lmao but boy
 i just passed a billboard that said weed maps  high detroit and there was a map with all the spots you can buy weed at 
 im tryna smoke but i aint tryna smoke wit no niggas today.. i need a chick to be my smoking buddy lol
 mexican candy and weed  the way to my heart
 what type of weed marlon was smoking on that episode cause they odd
 more russia smokefire  russian intelligence ship spotted 30 miles off the coast of connecticut  via @nbcnews
 even better than our chief exports weed and ryan renyolds 
 she looks like the lady who used to come into blacks that smoked newport shorts and would play scratch offs and get 
 for my dogs on the block with the blow  or kickin a 9  5 with no smoke  just get the money dog and dont be pressin no hoe
 i think im going to attempt to smoke tonight hopefully i dont die
 back then when i was terrible  i use to smoke a lot and feel melo but now when i smoke a lot i feel crazy and paranoid as fuck.
 chicago shuffle spot 4. they filled the glass with hickory smoke before pouring the drink. @ 
 dude just called me scary because i said i wasnt gonna send a quarter of my fine ass weed to him...  step your wallet and lungs up playboy
 behind moo we sending that pressure real smoke 
 empty bottles of clicquot and ashes on the flo towel under the do  we wasnt supposed to even smoke
 just got arrested and the officer said our weed was dank
 @calibuddz gas what i smoke nigga
 if someone gave me 5 id probably blow it on weed
 sorry  my weed is so loud i cant hear your bullshit 
 and of the whole damn lot  the only friend ive got is a smoke and a cheap guitar. vivaterlingua
 i seen niggas get money and smoke it up and get mad at me cause i was smoking with em but able to afford it 
 @imyourkid ill take the leftover weed from the house. im right here in la so just dm the address. no problem and youre welcome
 lmao someone smoked weed in their dorm and gtpd is here. idiot
 wait....did he just throw some weed onna floor 
 i know damn well aint nobody thinkin bout me imma smoke this herb by my gahdam self
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 200 block of ne 122nd ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000014015 2323 pdx911
 please gmp city centre he had a family blows cigarette smoke that spells johnny 
 when youre friends with a cop so he sits across the street and spotlights you while youre trying to smoke a cigar 
 @cnni who buys crappy ass mexican weed these days anyway
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at sb i5 fwy so  sw corbett ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000014023 0029
 im bout to smoke sum weed and do some videos while im high and drinking beer and liquor. i get paid on the clock for that type of behavior
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 1200 block of sw park ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000014034 0125 pdx911
 easy you just sit and smoke  
 multiple hot spots in woods along cr630 in southeastern polk county drivers be careful  smoke still in area fox35 
 broke ass niggas buying weed guns and jewelry but dont got a house nor car just be living off people
 shorty said she smokes blacks down to the tips  fucking j unfollow
 @robustobabe @godfadr @rlilly1018 @xavier9281 @cigarsbourbond would be a sweet win and great smoke
 say whats the nigga @ for hurtbae im trying to smoke one with that nigga.
 lots of fire activity in central and south florida. lets be careful out there watch for smoke advisories. 
 nigga i aint get off til 7 something finna smoke right now ya heard me 
 if you smoke njoys or vape in a school bathroomlocker room youre just fucking stupid  but thats half of the highschool population now
 put the weed down and pick up a book
 do you think marijuana should be decriminalized in harris county details 
 oops almost let my weed
 @alextymchak @realdonaldtrump hes meerly a mouthpiece for the smoke that the fire is creating.
 niggas buy a gun  smoke a lil weed amp forget they a bitch.
 to get a nations tree healthy the roots have to be addressed.from each county thru each state the weeds of this gop have to be pulled.2018
 she cute and she smoke and that ass fat
 never smoked a day in my life and im coughin like i have lung cancer cause of this cold
 ahhhh i found my weed bless up
 i have to go to the cannabis cup this year
 day 2 of weeding old library books. simply cant throw away city seen from a to z by rachel 
 at my favorite smoke spot 
 ive always wanted to be sassy and smoke a cigarette in line at the post office  but no  i have to stand behind the guy smoking an ecig.
 medical marijuana supporter sen diane savino urges doh not to add to numbers of companies in program. current companies still struggling
 if you can afford weed  you can afford to pay for that class lol
 if you go to wyoming  in the right spots  you will find kids still wearing hemp necklaces and etnies with an afi tee  no lie. tread lightly.
 i swear those wyd after you smoke this tweets be hilarious  
 sparks fly ... gears slowly turn ... smoke billows out ... engine shuts down 
 roll my weed on it thats an astray
 i wish i was as happy as travis laying in these weeds 
 jared how much weed did you smoke 
 yo i wish my roommate would not smoke his nasty cigarettes inside wtf dude i hate smelling like ass all the time.
 when i smoke with ppl their lungs usually has to readjust cus yall so conditioned to trash.
 coldasice ice smoked f u slut savage @ghostfacekillah rr bentley phantom laterns turns turn learn earn burn sunburn gtl tan sun
 if youre trying to panhandle  u might want to put that cigarette down  bc if you can afford to smoke  u dont need my  lazy getajob 
 1215 pm  its prescribed burn season. lots of smoke plumes showing up on radar this afternoon. alwx flwx nwfl 
 niggas about to be smoking weed in front of the cops in harris county 
 the murder rate is at its biggest right now all prolly cause they legalized marijuana  some lady @ pizza hut. hahaha what 
 nigga if tupac was alive he would slap you for all that weed you wasting  
 on youtube  im getting a ton of antitobacco ads from @truthorange and on twitter im getting @altrianews ads. i do not smoke...
 smoke is starting to show from 70acre prescribed hazard reduction burn near edmund hwy. if you  smoke  this coul 
 and weed still going 20 a gram in nc da fuck is he talkin about 
 finished up a great continuing education class today on fire damage and smoke deodorization. 
 backwoods overrated for yall that smoke a gram in a blunt lol
 why would you ever smoke a ghost pepper. why. 
 shoutout to a year ago when i was donating plasma for money for weed
 smoke a lot of weed and my shit together
 @dolphindiver89 at least we dont smoke so nasty healthy cleanliving greatamericansmokeout
 im at high maintenance smoke shop in tempe  az 
 @buzzfeednews he probably buys ruderalis weed from russia.
 mfs put weed before anything important.
 whats the retail for one of those ..more than you can afford pal. ferrari... smoke him. @ neptunes net 
 hopefully weeding out some idiots  proud of this 
 my roommates are the type to blow smoke in my face when im sleeping to try and wake me up
 if youre seeing smoke  theres a big fire near 2nd amp lexington. @travisklanecky says its at bg amp s transmission. 
 look beyond age and genes for ad there are genes for lung cancer  but if you dont smoke  theyre pretty irrelevant. n barnard aaasmtg
 @maggienyt @philiprucker its probably a smoke screen to divert our attention away from what they are really doing behind the scenes
 fuck these weed delivery services.. get ya med card and go straight to the dispensarys 
 if i ever made it big rapping  i gotta delete all my tweets slandering xxx tentaction i dont want no smoke at all
 if i ever made it big rapping  i gotta delete all my tweets slandering xxx tentaction i dont want no smoke at all
 all the real smokers give me h.o.c
 psg just smoked barcelona 40. who saw that coming
 i got my nd weedman high as hell from my mpls weed 
 the next show of dylans that i go to he said he would smoke with me if i brought bud 
 anybody in the ie or la area producing some grade a cannabis oil or butter lets talk business  hit my dm
 i like the way @fukcyeahjany looks cause she doesnt look like the type to smoke but i bet she smokes more fire than most other females
 i hear there is a guntoting bobcat smoking weed on tcs campus
 @mo251997 says all black people smoke weed amp now @housedemocrats deleted his muslim tweet cuz hes one of them. 
  dont smoke the devils lettuce  crazy lady in quad
 bruh im tryin hit my weed. i cant be coming in town staying at my peoples crib no more lol
 im fuckin done buying weed from any nigga in the bronx
 im scared to smoke a vape because i think it will blow up in my face like that guy on facebook
 in my mind she blew the smoke in his face has she took her a long pull and smirked after she finished exhaling. 
 idc how attractive you are if you smoke cigarettes youre by default a 1
 @idkjeffery pall mall smoker
 i dont think i can buy a gram of weed for 1 but ok cheeto head 
 pilgrimage of the weedians. sleep coffeeandvinyl @ lv426 
 some nigga slide in my dms asking if i wanted to be in a video they dont pay just drinks and hella weed  nigga fuckkkkk no 
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 8400 block of ne sacramento st  portland  or portland fire rp17000014414 1203 pdx911
 this woman just said ooh  thats a nice spot in reference to wear i hide to smoke and eat on my break 
 i was gonna roll one up and smoke with these mexicans  but when i asked if they had papers  they ran
 as long as you dont smoke it on my block  you straight  
 you cant smoke a gram with a lot of people
 border patrol intercepts marijuana  makeshift ferry along rio grande 
 oreo coming with that smoke 
 got pulled over rn and the officer said he smells weed in my car  i was like oh yeah well i got my medical card 
 @antvargas300 naa it was somebody else cus my next door neighbors smoke weed in their crib lol their like 45   dope af
 im at southwest smokeless in tucson  az 
 theres a weedmaps ad in deerfield
 @uber hey my driver has marijuana in his cup holder if i tuck and roll out of here onto the highway will i get a refund
 this girl just said she smoke cigarettesjerome was like whaaat eww you need to call 1800quitnow thats nasty you need some gum nigga
 trying to smoke enough loud pack  gas the devils lettuce  to put up with massive needles and dialysis for the next 4hours. serenity now
 big shoutout to the niggas who give the weed for free 
 this nigga domo said mom do you have any weed my head hurts 
 this aint no friday coming like worm pull up and smoke me a nigga
 @johnnyorteez @thedonfonseca @cigarchairman @rciaschini @paradigmpres @pistolcliff @sonny @wessmith62 smoke it brotha
 when a fucking tumble weed is coming at you while your crossing the street and u have to out run it 
 while we were behind the fire lines  there was smoke  as far as the eye could see. wftv 
 the best type of weed is a lot
 @denniswalkerjr @lilmissrightie @biggreenegg lots of affordable smoker options thatll give you good results.
 @grandcentralnyc whats the deal smoke filled hallways strobe lights going off... @fdny on site
 dont pull up over here thinkin you rambo. suffocate on the gun smoke
 dont pull up over here thinkin you rambo. might suffocate on the gun smoke
 and my paycheck was so short this week i cant even buy weed. lol infeel bad for my coworkers honestly bc im a bitch when im sober
 why is there a weed maps billboard by the superdome
 roll it up . light it up . smoke it up . inhale. exhaleee
 throwing smoke is the new name for vape tricks  youre welcome world
 thats pretty silly to happen...demand to see god with the universe in mind....smoke weed then see a flash of electricity above me above ne9
 these problem solver ceos like trump  are a smokescreen that believes its own smoke
 these problem solver ceos like trump  are a smokescreen that believes its own smoke. theyre just cover for the people doing real work.
 @galtzz @braindamstrmnd im about to smoke up and hear it all again. 
 so i just talked about smoking weed amp buying blacks and my grandpa was otp by accident
 but if i smoke id probably end up paranoid and all types of fucked up
 loft party downtown tongiht molly  weed  erthang you can get litt off of  hit up for details.
 our local marijuana shop hands these out with your purchases. where else but colorado. gogreen 
 back to the good out days when i smoked a cigar i gave it up when i started walking due to shortness of breath 
 because eating 25lbs of anything is a healthier alternative to marijuana  
 only smoke cigarettes if youre doing a photoshoot 
 i gotta stop smoking   i think the smoke getting to my lungs  but im serious
 saw swear you smoke 
 who wants to hangout n smoke weed
 should i smoke and tweet or drink and tweet
 sadly  i have multiple plugs on weed and wax out there. im from cali lmfaooo. 
 if you smoke cigarettes  you will get kicked in the nuts   by me @tjmartinez21
 just blowing smoke up people asses and takin names.... you next   vapelife girlswhovape blowingsmoke 
 i need his weedman too 
 blows more smoke in your face 
 @macrael @theg5prank @knardi @jnadeau a good name for some really good weed would be vape canaveral
 niggas get a gun  smoke a little weed and forget their still a bitch lmao
 jaydens mystic corner  this rc batmobile has a real working exhaust that blows smoke and our minds 
 i never turn down a smoke sess 
 wake my baby up to smoke. he never turns me down 
 goes to party  doesnt care what i have to say  smokes with guys  and i get left on read... tonights one for the ages.
  do you mind if i smoke  this magician performs a card trick while smoking some cigarettes.
 woohooo lemme smoke you out so you forget about it  
 she love to fw real niggas and smoke blunts 
 smoke a lot of weed but could never forgeeeeeet ya
 we really finna act like la aint full of dirty niggas that sell weed lmao
 literally just order a jimmy johns sandwich just to ask the delivery nigga where i can find weed
 fire up a backwood nigha say it dont smell like gas cus he smoke pencil stick
 giving up on women  weed  alcohol  and cigarettes so i can save up for my move to hollywood
 my eyes still burn from all that cigarette smoke from that party. 
 i had weed id probably be high on my mac book
 i hang with the same niggas  smoke with the same niggas  and make these plays with the same nigga...
 hey. hennessy amp weed dont do it on an empty stomach. i read about it in a book.
 well lemme smoke a blunt   im getting restless ...
 pope francis muslim terrorism does not exist wow is this dumbass related to barrack o blind lead blindtime to look for white smoke
 qom  someone told me should do comic books  i dont know  maybe.  probably blowing smoke up my 
 who got paid off for bringing in muslim refugees  who sold them off follow money   is  this why democrats are talking russia. smoke screen
 stay away from nw 2nd st  2430 selling crack amp weed
 if you think smoking weed is more harmful to you then alcohol or cigarettes or ect.. please kys
 @smerconish and trump voters andor smokers are not a protected class either. okay to say no to them.
 i agree we are living it. it was never fully revealed . the smoke of satan has entered the holy place. prophecy has 
 my face when someone throw a smokeable roach  
 so smoking weed in the morning has a cute name like wake and bake...but i have whiskey for breakfast and suddenly im a raging alcoholic 
 you know youre in nh when there are billboards for weed 
 whats on fire in des moines huge black pillar of smoke coming from the west side.
 bought more weed cause i just saw my guy lmao
 @misx2301 @maverickofsouth @mkfylfot its all innuendo  all smoke no fire. i agree some of it seems creepy  but i like real conspiracies
 ill be gone til november  cup full of drank  smoke blowing out the window.
 what to put on the smoker today... @ the pigheaded butcher in lutherville  md 
 dead ass this was you sellin me weed 
 we smoke  niggas 
 smoking weed all day everyday isnt cool especially if you dont know youre walking across someones stage or not
 we smoke  niggas  
 quietontheset cut print music wrap really...  mr. weed ..  what are you really working on 
 thats me at the cannabis club  
 lol this girl demolishes her panda express then looks up and says to her bf lets go smoke a cigarette and get some burger king... me 
 niggas will buy a gun smoke a lil weed and jus forget they a bitch
 i like smoking weed on roofs because when youre high   youre high
 honestly if there was a guns and weed party 
 my niggas use to smoke weed now they on dogfood
 this nigga only smoke when girls are around  i see u okay
 jax is growing like a weed  
 im not into your boyfriend  im just tryna buy his weed 
 nigga ian duckin shit free smoke like whats that 
 @thegr00ve19 i hope he signs long term then rolls the contract up and smokes it
 i just be smoking my weed and staying in my lane 
 this nigga basquiat casually said i was smoking weed in my room amp my dad stabbed me so i left
 blows my cigarette smoke in their face 
 when my instructor asks if i smoke on my lunch break lmao  eyes all glossy coming back oops 
 how do you hoes do xanax everyday and smoke cigarettes and other nasty shit  
 how the fuck you going to get rid of the smokehouse burger like that
 im gonna get paid lots of bread to smoke weed. very soon. mark these words.
 brought this noob to the er cus he thought he overdosed on weed 
 would you drink with a nigga  do you smoke weed
 probably couldnt hear me over all of the weed
 this girl just whipped out a vape pen in my studio and started doing smoke tricks on an easel what in tarnation
 and we have lots and lots of stage smoke. latterdays tonytorn continuing my tornpage weekend. 
 i want them trees smoked at my funeral
 every single day i look out my window and a new car is smoking weed in the parking lot behind my apartment. lmao
 lol my brother is all like a sprinkle of weed when putting some cilantro on his menudo 
 and i hope my lungs turn black from the smoke
 @kattimpf  smoke some weed   
 my mom saw my marijuana book for my deviance class and gave me the dirtiest look 
 i need some marijuana in my system.
 i like to smoke and watch breakfast club interviews lol
 this nigga put the weed in the cig box lmao
 gas what i smoke nigga 
 tk aye you wanna smoke   me yeah im down  tk bet he
 i must be an alien cus i smoke ganja 
 remember the party i went to on new years where the girl got decked by her step father for letting us smoke in the crib the boys jumped him
 todays smokes @hnjad @cigarchairman @nhale1300 @paradigmpres @wessmith62 @sonny @johnnyorteez @pistolcliff 
 @aikazura my visa went up in smoke
 lemme go smoke this perso
 cant wait for monday to cop some weed and groceries.
 pulled up on my nigga @airgordon real fast tho and smoked a few nigga got me flighted
 @tobychristie @thefinallap hopefully doing some homework for @draftkings because im going to smoke you guys this season
 in an alley for 5 seconds walking to the bar i hear shit wheres the partys at i got coke and weed ....the party is nowhere you are 
 extra touch of smoke im picking up tonight.  drinking a debauchery no vanilla  @ floyds thirst parlor  
 you put the weed in the coconut and light that shit up 
 someone give me a ride home from 16 and gratiot. ill throw you gas money and smoke you out
 so antman that it was okay to play gospel as i broke down weed and rollbut tue sad part is i was real crankim and singnin no good
 if we throw a little reefer party who would come 
 i hate a girls who somke weed are unattractive ass nigga like bruh im just trynna smoke a blizz i was never trynna be cute 
  theres so many medical reasons behind cannabis. sb269  medicalmarijunana prohibition
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 2300 block of se 124th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000014768 2028 pdx911
 when bae smokes they turn into notbae and i i turn into hurtbae
 im blown every time on shameless when lip smokes in his dorm room as the ra like ....come on now
 come hang with a nigga smoke with a nigga
 my nigga got 5 chains big guns weed   dee  thats not your nigga bro 
 pretty sure everyone working in cannabis is working on monday... 
 just weed n some great friends love u n seriously ty for reading  how could i write a book im to busy text it book  book need translators
 1st of all ew. 2nd didnt even inhale  wasted your weed. 3rd mine and als song. your a pos.
 @addidaddyj honestly   all the got was some weed we had leftover amp a debit card w barely any money . im just upset bc they got my keys 
 some people literally think medical marijuana can only be taken in the form of smoking  so its automatically bad because lung cancer.
 @618youngin u smoke seeds jit fuck out my face
 they tryna say that rello is nasty which it is cause weed and coffee do not mix 
 nomore smoke sessions at my crib 
 the price of the fire extinguisher come on  now. no wonder why people dont buy smokeco detectors and fire extingu 
 i pray that my worth come to me so life can be easy  and can chill  i wish a drug lord wood just give me a lot of weed a1 type
 @ptpgonzo was pretty easy to smoke out 
 common sense niggas gone smoke in a party should have expected that
 i think a mouse has been living in my garden shoe throw it out or put them on and head to weed rurallife
 the marijuana matters club  rejectedhighschoolclubs 
 @naacpldf @trueblackpower where was the ldf when the clintons were imprisoning 10s of thousands for decades for 10 dollars worth of weed
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 1200 block of sw taylor st  portland  or portland fire rp17000014859 0806 pdx911
 im throwing a weed party at my crib tonight  females only tho ya heard. im tryna feel like diddy
 if youre born in the bay area  you drink henny from the bottle or youre weeded out by natural selection
 rejectedhighschoolclubs overweight gay pregnant tattooed teen smokers club.
 @thehippiebutler @420humor that some dank weed doh
 @dlind @voxdotcom ever think that perhaps it was intentional...possibly bait to smoke out the internal leakers 
 real nigga till they smoke me 
 but if i was a nigga itd be okay though right fuck being attractive  thats what my face is for. weed cannot be f 
 my mom legit just asked me are you weeding a lot
 when ur mom finds a way to sneak the fact that she knows you smoke into the convo  my heart broke im sorry m 
 this the future of med weed in utah  controlled by a friend of legislators bought through thousands of dollars wo 
 then i said because their parents are their neighbors. as in they cant smoke in the crib because its their parents crib... 
 if youre an athlete  u should not drink or smoke dirty your season. it is beyond disrespectful.
 @aninews his name shud have been ganja wala. he talks in the influence of some grass...
 picked up inventory at another location for my restaurant amp while the gm is putting boxes in my car  realized my weed is laying around fml 
 because it wasnt a song about weed  lean  xanax  and fucking easy broads. thats why.... 
 please dont come in the drive through and blow your smoke in my face
 any weedman in the sandy springs dunwoody roswell alpharetta area feel free to dm me i need you asap
 yall pay more than 10 for a gram of weed 
 he said he can hear better when he smokes 
 when your pastor is too quick to quote.  everything of value. .  devil youre just a weed posing. . .  @steveperea toomuchgoodstuff cwc
 amp im not about to throw that away for a you tryna smoke chick
 im the type of smoker that blows more at your face if you do this lmao 
 dont see the deal. but rangers have been all in on scouting la  so theres lots of smoke. 
 gas wat i smoke nigga 
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at ne glisan st  i205 fwy  portland  or portland fire rp17000014912 1158 pdx911
 for a great example of why civility is overrated  see joe rogan apologizing to steven crowder for sticking to the facts on cannabis.
 when everyone youre working with is stressed out and freaking out in the weeds and youre just like 
 whats your favorite weed meme 
 had a dream i was playing cards w bella amp gigi  amp i asked if they wanted to smoke this blunt w me amp they said not w u amp i replied fuck u
 smokers are mad hype they could smoke outside the dorm now
 just saw a dollar store employee try to discretely smoke a bong behind the store then hide in behind a tree amp go back into work
 @mattisonmccain you could probably see the fire amp smoke coming out of his ears from your house if i said all that to him
 u14dcdiamonds smoke the wildcat pee wees 92. girls rule  boys drool.
 life be spinning out of control  like that one night that u smoked and drank too much and cant go to sleep cause the room keeps spinning.
 why dont you complain some more about niggas hitting up ur girl or weed lol 
 whos tryna get wing stop and smoke this moonrock 
 this nigga ate the weed 
 lowkey shorty. but im finna smoke a blunt. probably make something cute to wear . and lol get my weave done 
 just asked someone who knows things and was told that theres fire to the smoke  but absolutely nothing imminent. not idle chatter though.
 ill smoke him for a smal fee. dm me for more details 
 i never paid for weed
 peter parker probably smokes hella
 yoooooo this guys last name is weedman thats lity city mane 
 these niggas out here buying single grams of weed  and yall be chasing em  stoooop it
 @loosah808 @mgmgrand  doesnt everyone smoke inside  thats why all casinos just smell like cigs lol
 some see a weed i see swish like  a dandelion coming up through the pavement  i persist. today 
 some see a weed i see a wish like  a dandelion coming up through the pavement  i persist. 
 i smoked a big ass raccoon. 
 girl youre a smokeshow and a half
 i brought the hennessy and shorty brought the weed 
  niggas can post money guns weed gfs etc but not even they kids 
 cuz im nasty.. nast add a y to that shit getting high off weed.. 
 that was the semitrailer from the movie smokey and the bandit on the show  the walking dead.
 @amctalkingdead smokey and the bandit joins the walking dead
 i want to smoke a joint and watch star trek wrath of kahn
 this cider is the apocalypse  which tastes of sour peach and smoke. tread c... ashes of tomorrow 
 street tip  never buy weed from kids that go to cp. shits always gonna be weak.  knowtheplugs noreggiehere
 life would be so much better if weed was legal in oklahoma
 if you drink lean and smoke backwoods but never heard of fetti go head and unfollow me
 when you have money but no access to it until you get a new card so your begging people to smoke w you but everyone hates you 
  his new books in the context of marijuana culture 
 @talking dead the had snowmans trailer from smokey and the bandit on the walking dead
 @timmermanishere @meanstreetsoma its not as easily soluble in waterabsorbed by mucus membrane as cocaine is  thats why folks smoke it.
 i dead ass have the flu and i am not to smoke cigarettes if you see me smoking anything please run me over
 riding down bessemer super highway and the seat warmer was on and i saw smoke coming up and thought the seat was on fire
 an 10 a gram aint no gas .. smoke that boof an stfu
 just found weed thats been at my grandpas for like 5 years 
 people are stupidly up in arms about roommate ads stating no trump supporters. its the same as ads that say no smokers or no pets.
 fuck around and get smoked nigga  know what im talkin bout
 atl is just landed...where the weed at  
 atl just landed.. where the weed at 
 u should be giving girls weed just cause
 if you smoke blacs unfollow me
 is this kid even human its like the 2nd play i saw this week that i have no words for. holy smokes hes raw af 
 lyin ass fuck nigga smokepurrp aint want no static migga was hush his mand pulledout the stap to my face i said shoot me nigga nothin
 when you smoke the devils lettuce and your friend asks you how youre doing 
 @meanstreetsoma in aksarben. all i can inhale is smoke. me and friend thought it was our cars getting ready to blow up. meanstreets omaha
 gas wat i smoke nigga
 oops looks like hes in the weeds on the links as well  
 a lot of dudes are mad at this tweet and my thought is y is cannabisvalry dead
 i love my weedman. 
 everyone is out for the night  im about to smoke a few blows then sleep
 @del973 sir  theres a lot of weed in the world
 this storm is messing everything up  like im just trying to smoke a blunt
 been smokin my hemp blunts religiously but my nigga left a swisher and i see how real addiction is
 its rainin so dat mean ima smoke by myself in my car
 cant em gts...lemme smoke this gas rq 
 i look back and laugh bc now im the plug in az. i got the medical card. i cando smoke chicks out for free for the nice benefits.
 smoking marijuana  eating cheese doodles  and masturbating do not constitute plans in my book
 will you be the smoke in my lungs
 goleta fire pio tells me they have determined fire started in other area of bldg from islamic society  smoke dama 
 wyd after you smoke this 
 gas what i smoke nigga
 wide awake at 2am should probably smoke to pass back out 
 you smoke a lot of weed and
 see the smoke when the sunshines   we will forever be faded on the gold skies 
 dum ass smokers in this jawn
 all i wanna do is smoke a fattie before class but yet there is a cop just sitting in my school parking lot pleaseleave 
 @jamesinflight dont blow smoke up my ass
 holy smokes. what a devious plan 
 this place look aiight but im tryna be on the top floor  so i gotta hear no complaints about that ganja
 a weedman 
 then im telling her i promise its my medicine and i have a medical card and all she says is its okay we will smoke after your shift 
 structure fire 315 pineville point av smoke showing apartment station 12s area dgist 
 i hate a lemme smoke her up so i can try to fuck type of nigga. you basically paying for pussy clown
 so what happens to the weed smoke after u blow it out
 leo  a volunteer firefighter  saw smoke from across the road  ran up 5 flights to knock on doors amp pulled a woman f 
 @apbarrero @harukizaemon thats assuming youre a competent enough interviewer to weed yourself out
 just a cute lil morning smoke spot 
 @cloudygallo thats why you tie them down when you smoke and fly jess
 @ripcitymornings @dansheldoncsn @coachnburton conspiracy theories brought to you by omfa oregon marijuana farms of america
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 3600 block of sw baird st  portland  or portland fire rp17000015141 0814 pdx911
 so apparently the walking dead is just the sequel to smokey and the bandit 
 @taytheog @j0nchapman1 @kingpinkoleey nigga said did you know this was an invite onlynigga tried to smoke a damn black in yo crib.
  nigga said im at work and sent this lmao dude took a smoke break 
 let @kaileychann smoke and now shes talking about conspiracy theories
 @tysonworkman niggas be having smoke tricc competitions innis hoe 
 i seen a tweet yesterday that said a nigga brought me weed  ate my butt  then i asked him to leave i was so hurt i didnt tweet yesterday.
 @sayyq2  nigga i smoke too much and yo ass was more tired than me 
 my memes change with who i hang out with so now theyre all weed and pupper related 
 great i can now get my sack of weed from the jewish farmer boy with the shop fuck yeah we love jewish farmer boy
 nigga really thought he was gone give you 10 and you was gone smoke more than 1 thats so disrespectful 
 need some weed in my system 
 just touched down back on the west coast and all i can think bout is stopping by the weed shop before i hit the crib
 women swear they be getting deals from the weedman. na he know what he doing.
 some of yall probably are getting stupid deals tho. the really fine ones. cause its niggas that just sell to smoke for free so dont care.
 i will beat yo ass if you charge me 20 for a gram of weed 
 do it for smoke he was trapped out
 i seen nigga change over weed and lean. its either you real or fake no in between.
 @jamiebllflwer throws smokebomb
 @pistolcliff @hnjad @maldonadodynsty @cigarchairman @robustobabe @xavier9281 @mack280 @rciaschini @paradigmpres very cool  great smokes
 got my weed for the week now im hiding my debit card til friday
 youre a broke boy if you rob niggas for money  weed  etc. go get some real money
 this nigga broke lmaoo and clearly upset cause he wanted to smoke more than you  
 exactly. dont be no nigga hmp talking about smoke me up  
 dead ass im looking for a fire plug. cant smoke on nasty shit
 the kings trading boogie is like trading j.cole to the young money for tyga  gudda gudda  lil twist  a gram of weed  and a cup of lean.
 yall smoke a lot...but it be trash lol
 smoking weed and reading books
 giving therobinsnest a try today. got me the gouda smoker  orzo 
 she lemme hide my weed in ha tiddies.
 to my koko  travis  bambam gatsby  simba  tiger  smokey  harley  spots  caitlin and wybie. mommy loves you nationalloveyourpetday
 i hope erick knows we about to smoke
 ill smoke yo broke ass nigga   
 wyd after you smoke this 
 if she smoke blacks then thats a nigga lil dude 
 how on earth would breathing smoke and chemicals into your lungs not cause you to have cancer
 dogged these niggas at the smoke shop wit the homies 
 when i smoke crack i put it in peta so its healthy @jimgaffigan
 i smoke cigarettes and you should delete your entire account and existence 
 biggest turn off when a guy smokes
 just 100 days left to the biggest and coolest chopper show on earth. the smoke out hope to see 
 @brockbaker well i like living dangerously. wear a leather jacket  smoke  and not capitalizing proper letters.
 dudes real like try to smoke females out and get them high just to fuck
 all niggas speak about is bling amp bucks amp weed amp fuckin
 niggas got probation like fuck it still smoke  niggas got felonys nigga still strapped
 who got some 10 dolla smoke
 rep. @scotttaylorva says he supports the decriminalization of marijuana  plans on working with local sheriffs. @wavynews
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at nb i205 fwy no  ne halsey st  portland  or portland fire rp17000015246 1620
 you said you want some smoke well nigga puff it up  bitchhhhhh
 7acre fire in escambia county is 95 contained. be careful for smoke along barrineau park rd. wildfire flwx nwfl 
 i saw nugs not drugs and i was confused bc i thought nugs of weed oh wait no it means chicken nuggets 
 do you know anyone whod sell weed for a dutch gift card and a subway card 
 they allow it because of a medical marijuana card
 smokin weed amp creating 
 plan on getting my own weed dispensary in cali 
 whos more important.. me or weed
 inhale  gahdamn hate watching yall smoke 
 structure  hythe b boca  pbcfr station53 onscene of a working fire in a 4story apt bldg  heavy smoke showing  century village boca
 girl wears hemp shirt once  tweets quoting buddha about 7 times posts a selfie with a headband amp sublime lyrics as the caption
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 4700 block of ne 15th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000015296 1915 pdx911
 people who dont smoke sure tweet about it a lot...............
 he died. up when my boyfriend broke up with me. down when all i did was work amp see friends. up when i smoked amp partied a lot
 he died. up when my boyfriend broke up with me. down when all i did was work amp see friends. up when i smoked amp partied a lot
 yall wanna hear some headassery long story short i dont fuck w my ra cuz buddy wanted to search my room for weed didnt find anything
 at least i got lots of weed and i aint broke 
 me wow i smoke so much my lungs and throat are probably so bad lol  a doctor your lungs and throat are bad me 
 a04277 new creates an advisory committee on medical use of marihuana to advise the commissioner on making regul... 
 ill smoke yo broke ass nigga 
 enjoyed my first smoke in houston tonight @hnjad @cigarchairman @paradigmpres @oppy8107 @rciaschini @nhale1300 
 @eddiedellasiepe in that vape vs. cigarettes joke  what do you say the vape smoke smells like it was so funny
 im just tryna smoke the devils lettuce
 real niggas have at some point smoked at the waters on thousand oaks
 big shoutout 2 weed
 the smell of weed is turning me on...
 we smoke a lot
 tampa sooner then yall thought..about to smoke my lungs away with my niggas
 where in la can i get weed delivered without a rec and purchased with a card
 ill smoke yo broke ass nigga 
 omfg on god dis niggas favorite line  i buy too much fuckin weed 
 u ever smoked wit sumone n jus started laughn cuz dey mad ugly ..
 im wide awake which means i havent smoked enough
 road block at the smoke shop
 chief want smoke 
 cyn was like  why do you smoke cigarettes  he said  why do you smoke weed
 @lv95 we should smoke this week
 when yu smoke yo last blunt
 yet i find that...  not enough a weed has flowed through my lungs
 @ogcaaarms you dont smoke your veggies 
 @petritamallorca @carlbildt @huffpostpol i think he must have smoked some of his hair...that would do it...
 yall follow the realist nigga ive known my entire life @regstaysstoned  ps if you a female an like to smoke  fw my nigga
 .@alexsespn @alabamaftbl won natl titles w @coachmcelwain who is not a smoke and mirrors guy either on daboll hire as oc @991thegame
 breaking another colorado springs robber is on the run. suspect reportedly stole thousands of  from marijuana sh 
 @joshearnest @potus @washingtonpost  josh you blew more smoke up americas ass than anyone in the last few years. glad to see you are out
 if u smoke a lot lol 
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at se 9th ave  se lexington st  portland  or portland fire rp17000015403 0718 pdx911
 fire crews are still working to put out hot spots here in winthrop. smoke still coming out of the roof. liveoncbs13 
 seen my weedman. fuck that nigga lol
 day 1 no marijuana....lets see how this goes.
 smoke a lot of weed but her shit together .
 im the type a nigga that smoke in the race when i was told to run
 folks be like you smoke weed isnt that a sin nigga what
 ill smoke yo broke ass nigga  
 bitches like the niggas that went to jail   smoke a lot of weed   wear they bro clothes   wear fake ass faded timberlands  this shit crazy 
 we are investgating a fire and suspected illicit marijuana grow inside a residence in the 1300 block of 121st ave s 
 @dawnwillow  can you smoke while you have your tail on
 this is why you dont chain smoke and drink while staying awake for 24 hours 
 u ever smoked wit sumone n jus started laughn cuz dey mad ugly ..
 i smoke a lot of gas  drink a lot of syrup  did a lot of dirt  flipped a lot of work
 i think my favorite term has gotta be  marijuana cigarette 
 @csydelko listen im moving to la for the summer amp i think we should hangout. i can smoke u out 
 at smoke pit random girl wearing a black choker you dont know anything about me marine i know youre a black belt at sucking dick
 ill smoke your broke ass nigga  
 niggas out here no5 trappin  yall niggas sellin weed at your local park before it gets dark
 @njamesp chief beefy big smoke.
 me next time a cute girl hits me up for weed 
 @noahflint  bro look how cool i am i vape and smoke weed 
 @intrsctnldrone2 capitalism fuckin scraping resin out of your bowl to smoke when youre broke
 i just smoked a lot of wax and im so bodied that i assumed thats how he meant it too  
 like all these ideas just be coming to me random as fuck this why i love weed lmao
 niggas buy a gun and smoke a lil weed and forget they a pussy  a real nigga
 i dont smoke so im probably on codeine
 teen arrested with marijuana  cocaine in akins high parking lot 
 @jkoltrogers you need to smoke a little more crack to be a true lubbock local
 when they spend 70 on weed amp complain they hungry  
 if youre gonna smoke a cig on my elementary school campus at least have the common decency to throw it away
 i cant feel my face  i smoke a lot of weed.
 gangsters dont use twitter. ima cute ass nigga. and so is my weed and girl. so pictures i shall take. 
 ahh yes i love walking through your giant cloud of vape smoke that you blow in my face
 these lil kid robbed this boy for his weed and his 20 dollars that boy was too mad omg .
 @squeakykerberos @treblehusky just the kind of house i run. bring weed boos or food and stay for a while. goes for any of my friends
 lemme see if i feel better after i smoke lmao 
 jesus when the smoke alarm is going off after you just said turn the pan down fml fire turnitoff
 i just asked shirls if she loved weed or blankets more and she didnt know what to say after that
 about to smoke a blunt in my boxers
 yall really be liking these hood selling weed out of his mom crib ass niggas if you aint doing shit wyo life we have nothing to discuss 
 so to the low life nigga who stole my money for weed  fuckyou
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at se flavel st  i205 fwy  portland  or portland fire rp17000015490 1411 pdx911
 im bout to smoke againnnnnn
 pull up and smoke wit a nigga
 just saw the news  medical marijuana in the house in pennsylvania too
 yall dont want no smoke with the mario party.... @pkelly @buckpistorius @stewmaloley
 lols. i can get weed from hawaii but not from my local drug dealer
 sorry for the party and the swisher smoke 
 wish i wasnt broke i wanna smoke crack and lose my high school diploma during no victory
 facts. i smoke them shits a lot 
 if you coming to ya weed man wit 20 chances are that nigga got a job
 i love methuen i just walked out of potle and some middle school kid blow smoke right in my face and yelled vape gang 
 when you look out over a field of dandelions  you can see either a hundred weeds or a hundred wishes...   photo nik 
 got you banana bread  it might have weed on it
 wyd after you smoke this @pissedoffguy69 
 i will snap my phone in half if another dude slides into any of my social media dms with the line u smoke
 girls who smoke automatic turn off
 you boys ever smoked that devils lettuce or what 
 i love multicultural canadians. i just want increased vetting to weed out the crazy dudes
 nigga swear to god a nigga at op bought a roach for 2 dollars that nigga said i did 19 years been out for 7 i love weed
 @00savv @carltonlee10 smoke boy i love this shh  i stg
 if you are a smoker and can not afford it  maybe you shouldnt be smoking.
 bruh all these niggas smoke here is dutches
 blue wave hoodies large  2273 black winter hats  let fel smoke embroideries  various other pieces @ 
 i smoke a lot of gas  i just be in my zone tho .
 the couples who smoke together die of lung cancer together.
 ima blow clouds of the smoke.
 my roommates are in a heated argument about their relationship and im walking outside to smoke a blunt lol lifeshard
 my uncle the same age as me and got his weed card for anxiety so im def getting that hoe and im certified lol
 @pgajohndaly @ddseginmemorial we will get the smoker going in thel parking  lot.   veterans do attend and ill let your team know all
 keep this in mind. theres too much smoke for no fire  folks. 
 i value my dental hygene too much to be a smoker
 queer canabis club 
 so... its 1130pm. amp i decided to smoke in my dorm room.
 this cover for futures album looks like an ad to tell you what will happen to your lungs if you smoke cigarettes 
 my roommates smoke a lot 
 my roommate legit thought her car salesman was cute so she text his  off his work card amp invited him over to smoke 
 just smoked a cig without a filter  i now have stage 4 lung cancer
 so how bout i flattened my weed 
 is it true...more cops than constituents how are you working to protect the smokeys @marshablackburn @altusfws 
 @newadultsrevolt @corpsemap when i was maoist everyone i knew was way to neurotic about working out discipline to smoke i didnt last long
 niggas be broke. but broke enough to buy weed 
 lets smoke  no females
 eat it after you smoke whats in the cup holder  
 i think id rather eat a literal ashtray than kiss a girl who smokes cigarettes
 kush smoke  yall jus look broke
 when you see someone cute  then read their profile amp it says they smoke weed. thats an automatic dealbreaker.  nonsmoker onlinedating
 this the highest i ever been at a party idk if its just @snoopdogg djaying turning me up or the good weed
 got some weed im tryna get rid of for the low hmu 
 a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke
 we dont grill smokeobsessed canadian chefs giving diners a taste of realbarbecue via @globeandmail 
 someone who smokes a lot dm me right quick
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 4700 block of n lombard st  portland  or portland fire rp17000015613 0007 pdx911
 @draycedarastrix ty i will keep this in mind next time i work i usually eat or smoke while i draw but ive been too broke 4 that oops lol
 dumaurier reds are by far the best cigarettes i have smoked. quite an exquisite taste. amazing purchase 1010 would buy again. thank you.
 a06009 new relates to forms of marihuana authorized for medical use. 
 females that smoke blacks are beyond dirt.
 im just one pack of smokes from broke.
 i like to think of minimalism in terms of pulling weeds. you know  toss out the things in life 
 if your car is puffing out a shit load of smoke  you probably shouldnt be driving it 
 one piece missing. took forever. and a lot of weed. and no wifi. 
 allisons probably the only one who sees how much money i can blow just on weed. 
 to all my young niggas fuck being a dope you can possibly get killed by a nigga that smoke with ya longliveclyde
 @kingofstatusb smoke when youre winding down for the night. and drift out haha
 i just love walking in the hallways smelling nothing but cigarette smoke  getyourlifetogether
 gas wat i smoke nigga  
 nigga picked weed over millions smh 
 i cant understand how anyone playing a sport requiring physical endurance and constant movement could be a smoker.
 @daxholt omg my kid would narc on me then add its ok its medical marijuana and my mom has a card.
 cigarette smoking im talking now. lots of athletes seem to smoke weed. 
 fat girls know how to smoke some uggs yu hear me....have them shits looking like crescent rolls smh
 at his rate he coulda been a max player. turning down the shot at a 100 million dollar contract to smoke weed is n 
 if u one of them loud smokers in the club you deff gunna wanna pull b.0yay amp queenzfinest718 
 i see my in a ghost blowing a lot of smoke
 niggas buy a gun smoke a little weed and forget they bitches
 nothing better than two lungs full of your secondhand smoke
 yall why yall snitch on jade we over here trynna smoke our blunt and the office here in our face fml  
 east hartford ct 36 elmer st working fire heavy smoke showing per car 41
 sara sampaio probably smokes crack rock and thinks life is a big joke so she sluts you never know moses @sistachcardenal
 closed report at intersection of john eliot sq amp roxbury st  roxbury  case resolved. weeds 
 me types of cigarettes will smoke me amp khutter 
 thats a lot of weed crenshaw 
 i didnt throw up but i swear to god i was burping up smoke for 2 mins straight it was something out of willy wonka 
 @cannabiswest  132.75  8 grams of durban poison shatter  rec  denver  cannasaver  denverdeals shatterdeals
 what a great way to weed out the crazy bitches at the bar with minimal interaction  single men all over the countr 
 someone is casually walking across campus smoking weed with no fucks... buffstateprobs
 saw someone literally drop weed in the dg parking lot  i swiped that shit once he went inside swipernoswiping
 my weedman in jail amp lost the trap. im evil bout it 
 some bitch just blew her vape smoke into my face..... now i want cotton candy
 i literally hate college weed plugs. yall niggas is unreliable and really not bout tht life. suburban ass kids come to college tryna b hard
 a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke.
 when shes cute but she smokes blacks 
 this what i get for tryna smoke wit niggas
 rachel shilling for liberate physicians centers trying to get your medical marijuana card   
 smoking marijuana  eating cheese doodles  and masturbating do not constitute plans in my book
 @mistressjan @estheryuhsilee exactly. plus nobody smokes mexican when domestic is so much better lots of american jobs too 
 real smokers dont blow no fuckin green on empty stomachs
 smokin weed under star projectors 
 27 cannabis products thatll turn your parents out  via @buzzfeeders
 @drinkvictory @zombiedog1 1 geographic location rating area 2 age within a 31 ratio 3 smokernonsmoker.
 damn i miss living in south loop lol it was so easy to hit up people to smoke in the park or at the beach... now niggas in pilsen or logan 
 after years of beefin with this nigga. i guess im boutta smoke with this nigga chuck
 sevl sevlfamily sevlcritters @ speakeasy vape lounge and cannabis club sevl 
 this weird ass white girl and two asian girls walking around the lane knocking on doors  bout to smoke dey ass
 27 cannabis products thatll turn your parents out  via @buzzfeeders
 every smoke session me and my niggas be talkin bout some real shit in life
 lmfaooo i think im gonna start smoking weed for real 
 controlled burn getting lots of calls about lots of smoke near campbullis  officials say there is no threat. 
 a lot of weed   
 turning 18 is getting me hyped but i know damn well nothings gonna change. just legal to go to a smoke shop 
 controlled burn getting lots of calls about lots of smoke near campbullis  officials say there is no threat. 
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 1100 block of n hayden meadows dr  portland  or portland fire rp17000015764 1411
 i cant smoke wit niggas  i smoke too much and i hate when niggas be too high and geeking
 going to drink a lot of coffee  smoke a lot of cigarettes  and get my ass to a meeting  stupid fucking planet earth and life and junk
 cali finna be lit im out working and getting high cant get anymore money and weed
 these guys sitting behind me on the bus are talking about weed
 @vice all i saw was weed. then i saw your tweet..... too funny 
 yall somebody got pulled over on post whollleeeeeee car smokey   and its like 4 niggas
 light one up let me bum a smoke still coming down dripping throat
 lmaoo why my professor just called weed the devils lettuce
 wyd after you smoke this 
 senior year i went to daep bc i pulled up in the parking lot smokin a blunt and smelt like said marijuana  they did 
 when you zooted on your way to the weedman crib....
 todays smokes @cigarchairman @hnjad @paradigmpres @paradigmpres @rciaschini @thedonfonseca @myfathercigars 
 i smoke a lot of gas
 boy these folks getting on my nerves today at hibbetts i need a cigarette and ion even smoke 
 all i do is smoke amp get paid 
 think ill beg off for tonight and smoke copious amounts of reefer and eat a book
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at sw vermont st  sw shattuck rd  portland  or portland fire rp17000015785 1621
 i saw this weeding dress the other omgosh i can so see myself in it lol im secretly planning my weeding 
 @inneedoweed @killermike @runjewels @bostonglobe thank you  weedman ive always wanted to say that.
 would you drink with a nigga  do you smoke weed 
 so if the epa gets shut down before i graduate im taking my botany and ecology degree to a weed grower. aimhigh lmao
 @theellenshow i do t know if its so easy...so u think here in tx it mattered if that waswasnt in place kind of like legal marijuana..
 so petty brook had the fuckin flu thats why she left the party she wasnt tripping what do you lil girls think weed is @brooktravis
 the destructive fire behind the white house smoke. 
 @oscvrll @gmossiah probably not im bout to smoke
 i smoke a lotta gas  drink a lotta syrup... did a lot of dirt  flipped a lot of work
 chanel gave me some peach og to smoke today shit had me smacked
 @imnorolemodel lol people deff be feigning for weed.
 a2 sponsorchat smoke but no fire. a few tweets should change monsters whole plan. not sure a large percentage feel the same
 random professor yelled at me today for smoking and i was just like who the fuck are you and blew smoke in his face
 this @reptrentfranks who actually believes nukes could be hidden inside marijuana bundles amp smuggled across the bor 
 im at gras cannabis in portland  or 
 february is eh  march is about to be so lit with two concerts  a ssdp conference in portland  and a hemp expo in denver
 you cannot smoke medical marijuana in a public place nor operate a vehicle  but they let folks smoke them stanky ass cigarettes everywhere
 knowing tobacco contributes to cancer  marijuana increase lung capacity and prevent a lot of chronic illnesses 
 its like i have writers block then i smoke a face and i suddenly sound like walt whitman with a touch of albert einstein and charles darwin
 oh and almost got sack for chewing on a pencil  pretending to smoke a cigarette ... @mrschase  
 i smoke more weed than niggas sale
 highgrovians for life @ speakeasy vape lounge and cannabis club 
 raw talent @ speakeasy vape lounge and cannabis club sevl 
 is it only 1 weedman in granite city i mean damn
 im bout to smoke a beezy and get some of the preezy 
 see that weed got be talkin that shit 
 not messing with no niggas who smoke nomore cus drugs got yall going gay 
 in 1st grade i got a red day because i was pretending to smoke a pretzel 
 drink in my cup weed in my system zans im poppin pussy in copping thots im plotting not jotting off the top she got hydraulics burn chronic
 there is a guitar speaker from eminence called the cannabis rex.
 @sophiemarcz santa clarita diet. orange is the new black. the walking dead. weeds
 im the only nigga onna planet who doesnt smoke 
 when you cant smoke all week bc you have to pay your bills  broke reality
 no but most females dont smoke no how 
 i count a lot of cheese   and bitch i smoke a lot of weed
 you just mad cus the weed was better than you 
 theres people smoking weed in the walmart parking lot.. i see you  springfield
 @bradyfowler you know who smokes pot the devil  i wouldnt touch the deadly lettuce if my life depended on it
 my weed and my chick got a lot in common 
 it be the ones that got the most to say about yur weed not being fire n they the first ones to hit da blunt n say zamn nigga im highbitch
 nigga said he smoked 10 blacks a day
 @l1ldebbie coming to mpls i do know she better bring some fire was weed
 atl weed diff. asf
 girls who smoke are nasty quite tryna look cute   me bitch aint nobody tryna look cute just tryna get high but ima look cute doing it
 music of caressed steel sea of smoke snow of ghosts on dead leaves the lightless light
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 1800 block of ne wasco st  portland  or portland fire rp17000015897 0145 pdx911
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 1700 block of se lambert st  portland  or portland fire rp17000015911 0345 pdx911
 cops run up on the pavement break the dice game up  moms smoke kids cant chase the ice cream truck
 black lights and gun smoke is a hit
 black lights and gun smoke is a hit
 black lights and blunt smoke is a hit
  girl you thicker than train smoke  
 yall be out here thicker than train smoke  
 happy birthday @gummbra hopefully your lungs are filled with lots of blunt smoke my dude
 my niggaaaa i really just got pulled over for rolling past a stop sign. and these niggas took my weed smh. fuck12
 nothing like being woken up at 5.30 to throbbing techobeats coming through my ceiling and the stench of weed through the door
 my biggest pet peeve is smoking with bitches who cant smokethink they too cute to inhale like what u smoking for then u wasting weed ma
 paincancer issues can be treated with cannabis  eastern modalities  and a healthy diet. thats it. plan accordingly.
 smoking weed is not cute females 
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 2100 block of se powell blvd  portland  or portland fire rp17000015943 0812 pdx911
 nahhhh nigga if you got money to get weed you can throw me 10 
 this nigga is wasting the weed 
 god this be me when i smoke cus of my cough lmfaooooooo 
 my little hard worker picking weeds  
 i aint giving this nigga on the train no money he look like he just gonna smoke it
 never let a nigga continuously smoke you up cuz then yall talk if someone asks lol
 idgaf who you are if you a girl and you smoke black  booooo
 i dont need the weed card but the other stufff would be lit. 
 weed cures cancer  you smoke weed and you beat cancer yeah because the chemo killed it you unbelievable fucking moron
 just saw a man smoking crack on my way to sub. he then comes downstairs and asked me for a dollar. i said hell no  so you can smoke it up
 man arrested after police say he broke into city heights smoke shop by cutting hole in roof 
 how do you lock up a black man for 2 grams of weed but let a white man with 78 grams of cocaine  a bazooka  and gas bombs off with a warning
 if we cant smoke in the party its not a party and we not coming
 looks to be alot of smoke  no fire all across nba today 
 dont want to go to a party empty... come with the eshop party pack  ready for any smoker  a 
 @cherylshuman hi cheryl giving a shoutout to locals who smoke. looking for other people to talk about the industry with.
 niggas mad cuz i smoke like a cuban 
 welcome to osu where you see a smoke show of a girl and you never see her again 
 @420 @jessicamhall57 next time your this way shoot me a dm.  weed pun intended loved to have ya over
 @lilsicc all i saw was free weed  and free cookies...wheres the party at lol
 lemme find a female dat like to smoke loud and go out to eat
 whats the best way to get weed out of your system
 im sooo mad this nigga is taking forever im about to smoke by myself 
 @aegyovchan when it comes to weed  we really have it easy on our end....
 i thought natural selection would weed out the people that use turn indicators inside of parking garages by now
 puffpuff snd away  on your birthday  shoutout to cannabis.llc oregonsherbalremedies in 
 think im getting stupider  smoke till im in jupiter 
 where do niggas find these weed pics 
  we should probably hangout amp smoke soon bc i think u are cool ass hell amp u have a cool life 
 a whole lot of smoke today ... tradedeadline 
 boiiii come smoke. 
 @seanspicer says bicycles should be banned because takata airbags are killing people. or did he say opiods are same as weed
 did i just hear @masonandireland talking about smoking weed
 officer so whos weed is this in this cigarillo  driver idk officer i just bought the rillo passenger 
 @capmetroatx i think my bus driver just stopped so he can smoke from his vape what
 @drugpolicyorg @buzzfeednews just saw the spicer presser unbelievable they say they are the state rights party yet recreational weed is done
 embroidery materials  now to smoke them treeeees
 attacking legal marijuana will only grow the black market in those areas. think prohibition  cant really rescind after legalization.
 scientific review of marijuana supports regulation  not criminalization  regulate tax chillout
 colorado generated a billion dollars in marijuana tax revenue. a billion dollars. were apparently going to throw that away for no reason...
 pisses me off  i just want my weed 
 he said ill smoke your broke ass nigga bitch 
 why do dude be like you cute but you smoke n that isnt tbh like okay ig im not cute then 
 if you cant afford to smoke what you doing it for
 are @fedex drivers allowed to smoke vape pens cause i just saw a huge cloud of smoke coming from the fedex van in front of me.
 anyone know what this radar anomaly is no storms in the area  no smoke in the visible satellite. im stumped 
 i think im goin too smoke a lot of weed tonight when i get off 
 yall niggas trippin. i aint bringing no kinda weed inside any airport. let alone tryna get through customs 
 @seanspicer good luck sweet hart with that marijuana crack down. we saw it coming and we planed accordingly. enjoy 
 but lets ignore alcohol and tabacco which cause thousands of deaths a year. thousands. marijuana in case youre wo 
 ol boy really thinks hes the new wave cus he smokes new ports and bumps to lil tracy lmfao
 @homiebirdo gio  you should buy weed.
 lots of trees blocking view  but you can see the emergency truck lights  the smoke and helicopter here. @bradnitzwsb 
 @jsoabove sessions is getting too cocky. do you know how many libertarians own weed shops hint a lot.
 yall be hard up tryna get them grams for the 10. yall not no smokers
 questionnaire given to folks at the medical marijuana forum. what do you think would you support growers and dispe 
 i wonder if he smokes  he has to ms falcon said hes the trap lord 
 soft lob texture waves | dimensional smoked ashbury balayage melt and babylights | after color 
 soft lob texture waves | dimensional smoked ashbury balayage melt and babylights | after color 
 i just paid for weed with a card  and was asked if i wanted a receipt. the future has hit texas at last.
 spending money is too easy it sucks lmao i just got gas food and weed thats 65 im 20 minutes
 our country isnt overdosing on weed ..... 
 free at last from radical islam women smoke cigs amp burn their face veils in joy as their village is freed from isis  
 im going to end up with lung cancer with the amount of smoke puffs i breathe in working drive through rude people i swear
 ugh i need new people to follow on snapchat. who can i follow i perfer females bc all niggas do is smoke and flex
 boulder district attorney on white house rec. marijuana comments come here amp see how its working before you tell 
 @rvichu lmao. its down the street from my crib  i smoke over there
 lqt i just spit tea across the smokey bones im sitting in. luckily the bartender is a dear old friend.
 liberated from isis  women burn veils  smoke cigarettes. 
 yo the pesticides in the weed at weed shops are fucking giving yall cancer find a grower n buy local
 watch who you niggas smoke with niggas ruthless..
 citizens we will step up marijuana consumption. ps we prefer to call it cannabis but we know youre easily confu 
 @vicenews what a fucking fool. you cannot compare the opioid epidemic and rec marijuana...big pharma is the root of the problem not weed
 im probably lowkey addicted to nicotine thx to all the 2nd hand smoke i inhale
 smells weed immediately after crossing ri ma border
 @joeybagovdonuts where you get your weed can you put me in touch with your weed guy cuz either his  is   or you krakra
 lemme respek you and smoke you up 247 
 @davidvegasdog tank tops are now available for preorder. size sl. pink  smoke  and black. only 
 what a day. used a gender neutral bathroom and inhaled lots of second hand smokedope clouds on the quad. now this is college. gohawks
 @davidvegasdog tank tops are now available for preorder. size sl. pink  smoke  and black. only 
 p12 after 21 laps running single file despite the 11 trying to make an inside line. @tydillon has seen random smoke inside his car.
 and yes im talkin about weed gummies
 shoutout to the woman blowing vape smoke directly into her infants face jfc
 add the two russian ambassadors mysteriously coming up dead as this blows up  i see fire in that smoke. the gop on 
 @novasankofa my homie got his entire paycheck confiscated cuz it was next to a half zip he bought to smoke on
 females who smoke milds. 
 a6 total @talkinss plug  we had a podcast where how to reversecheck news was part. easy google trick to weed out the fake stuff sstlap
 we brought our weedwhackers out 
 now theyll have to go back to stupidly over paying for a gram of weed 
 if you smoke blacks i cant fwu and if you inhale them shits you disgusting lmao
 i cant stop thinking of you thats why i inhale the herb smoke
 @yungwhetto you the kind of nigga i could smoke a blunt with
 i got gas in that broll. you dont even smoke you told me blow it out the window
 niggas be so used to sour diesel they think its the only marijuana product
 why in the hell you wasting weed if you dont inhale that shit  
 im tryna smoke with jazzmyn but her ass probably sleep 
 the world turnin  the weed burnin  them haters talkin  i keep earnin
 i smell like weed and dolce amp gabbana  
 only one reason @realdonaldtrump would do that.  theres fire where we saw smoke 
 if you smoke cigarettes you instantly become unattractive to me
 @realdonaldtrump youre fucking dumber than bush if youre gunna call marijuana for opioid use the actual fuck.. vicodinpercocetoxyyouidiot
 @lynyrdsremmurd @slimihendrix gryffindor smells the weed coming from the hufflepuff common room and runs to a professor to snitch pun
 ya sad niggas need to smoke one
 would you drink with a nigga   do you smoke weed 
 a lot of shit on my mind  finna get out ride and smoke
 im tryna look real cute 2moro and do my makeup real nice n smoke myself out cus lately its just been yoga pants and greasy hair n uglyness
 @dronerforever you fried if you thinkin i smoke 
 @dronerforever  sorry bro cant hear you behind all this smoke
 im officially in the medical cannabis system now  waiting on my card probably early april.
 before i can complain about lung cancer  she blows smoke in my face and asks me if i know franky the face. @c3convertase
 selfish is a smokefeelingschill type song and it serves its purpose
 all i ever used to tweet about was smoking weed and lyrics... now all i tweet about is my kid  lol momlife
 these niggas wanna stay in this telly amp smoke bare weed like we cant do that in the club 
 gucci tryna book beyonc for his weeding....guess who sneaking into the atl shindig of the century
 @tylerrrm my cannabis card expired
 lemme find somein cool to smacc after i smoke every night 
 smoking weed in the club
 amp why tfck do you bitches think that its okay to give a nigga your whole welfare check to a nigga who gon blow it all on weed 
 i was just about to tweet i need to smoke and my nigga came through
 i wonder if a medical marihuana card counts as valid id for a bar lol @muxmike @unrulybrewing sucks not having a license
 to get hear cuz she tryna smoke her premo believe my moma over wtf i say
 why is it a problem when females smoke 
 12 people got out safely after lowell multiunit home goes up in flames this am. fire chief credits working smoke d 
 a nigga tryna have a smoke session and shit but school fuck my plans up 
 not being able to smoke cigarettes inside has me feeling a little trapped  if that makes sense.
 i missed turning up with future last night @ story  i just wanted to smoke gas to mask off
 gave my weedman props for the fire he gave me.. he said i told you 
 well have reaction from local marijuana shops coming up at 530am on komonews. 
 john mccains entitlement money baby boomers non smokers and the ship called slop protected by officers sloppy man 
 @mvhdesigns @aaronsxl thats fantastic news. addiction is a real problem. cannabis is not. focus should be helping folks like your daughter.
 smokes marijuana behind this hotel
 @realdonaldtrump rec marijuana now a priority dont use  but stick to your knitting. terrorism  immigration  jobs  healthcare. distracted
 no way we just found weed in subway parking lot hahahaahaha yeah dat way
 a party aint a party if my niggas cant smoke 
 will today be the day curlz links and gets high wit a real nigga  cause she dont smoke lol
 any sane pot smoker knows that government weed is taboo. they will bastardize that precious plant.
 cus i know im a be hot if i run outta smokes
 based on data gathered from other states where medical cannabis has been regulated  this article will result in approximately . . .
 sitting in this parking lot everyday i smell weed these mfs be chiefing while on the clock at these condos
 okay but we still need to put most of our time and energy into combating the plague that is marijuana  the devils 
 i smoke a lot of weed
 blowin more smoke than a broke exhaust
 currently stranded in my parking spot because i cant get out or ill smoke 3 vehicles if i just attempt.
 reason behind our canada cannabis selloff today white house plans greater enforcement against legal cannabis 
 if you blow all the cash you have on weed you cant complain about not having anything lol wyd
 @robdelaney somebody blew marijuana smoke in my wifes face at the spring store and she threw up. she has a week to live now.
 yall think we the only planet that got weed lol
 ladies if you have sex and the guy smokes a cigarette after  then there is a 100 chance he has probably raped someone. cigstories
 isnt it interesting seeing that frenetic pace in wh our rocking horse administration that moves but never goes anywhere smokemirrors
 cigarettes need to be banned not weed ...
 i wonder if theres better weed in those other planets
 idk how niggas be low balling for sum gass if you to broke then dont smoke
 i need to smoke lemme get up
 feds wanna lock me up  cus my piss look darker  but that aint gone solve nun  weed solve my problems
 @agowa lets regulate canabis the way we regulate tomatos. freetheweed
 when you see your bus turning away from the street with smoke billowing out the windows...
 that time when drama needed a medicinal marijuana card to buy that hat 
 now you a real nigga  rt @maliquenshit smoked a black after my pt test 
 dude i just had to smoke some tobacco.  thats so nasty.
 i smoke 93 i seen your tank your gas on e 
 @realjameswoods @rwsalt try an m14 or a 45 automatic and see the kick  and nothing says gun smoke like black powder 
 right when i left the smoke shop rn the woman behind me was like you can buy them by the whole box yeah lady i kinda smoke a lot 
 logo and business cards for smokestorm restoration @ velocity printing 
 in 9th grade i brought vape pens to school and smoke with all my gal pals in the bathroom before mass and got suspe 
 @jccole283 i feel like i have the least accent ever. los angeles blah. i say holy smokes a little canadian  but thats about it.
 trans folks using the bathroom is a states rights issue but its the feds responsibility to keep imprisoning black folks for marijuana ok
 fuck smoking weed wit these bitch ass niggas
 will you buy me some weed jeremy my girlfriend is puerto rican. 
 for working at a smoke shop  they paychecks are pretty damn good
 i meant to say this week. you know i smoke a lot of weed. 
 nigga that smoke. lol you smoking dick 
 boss to applicant what kind of scan tool are you familiar with applicanti use smoke machine and iphone. ahh i see  youll be great.
 baby smokes a lot  smoke 
 so i guess we having a lil listening party smokeout tonight.. hit me for the info.. 3 gram minimum and that aint shit.
 thinking about making a myths about marijuana video. what do you think
 shoutout to all the females who dont smoke  drink  party every weekend  sleep around  or start drama for attention. they are real mvp
 where the lowkey females who smoke kush @
 if you have a problem with me smoking weed you should probably go fuck your self 
 holy smokes  that new john mayer is pristine. stillfeellikeyourman
 @metriseee im dead ass though  mfs blew my high before i even smoked 
 @thefive @greggutfeld @ericbolling @danaperino checkout the divine miracle plant awesome marijuana book on 
 we dont blow the same smoke 
 whats on fire across from in n out  black plume of smoke. gs and bcr
 a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke 
 their is a lot of smoke coming from the greater benning area. lots of sirens in the distance 
 if smokers can throw cigarette butts out a car windows  why cant i throw soda cans
 did i mention i was smelling smoke before i heard the sirens the fire is amsterdamw85th  thats two blocks from where i live.
 donating plasma is only acceptable when you need gas or weed money
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 3000 block of ne 108th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000016296 1612 pdx911
 this sun light makes me wanna wear booty shorts and a cute crop top while i sit on my roof and smoke a blunt and let the sunshine hit me
 looking for a new vaporizer @ zerona mega smoke shop in phoenix  az 
 ahh the smoke is getting us connor c
 saw a giant bag of smokes on the floor of oc transpo bus. that is one way to pick up smoking. cough freenicotine pickingupanewhobby
 so to ole dude in the smoke shop in nola for the free dabs and edibles. that kicked off my weekend
 whats in the weed these folks be smoking 
 @tarisunscripted smoke  drink  and bout to turn up at the crib in a minute
 party hearty rock and roll drink a brew and smoke a bowl party heart fun great but dont stay up to late
 update business name peck striping. fire contained to large commercial striping vehicle. only smoke amp water damage to structure. no injury.
 i wish my weedman would accept this 20 gift card 
 @fredoescobar96 jaime wants to smoke too if you want ill scoop or just dm me
 getting high off second hand smoke is a myth me thinks.
 if mi nuh have ganja mi nuh happy. weed is my bestfriend
 random kid from rigby have you ever smoked  me no   random kid from rigby 
 i need some weed in my system 
 i just want my bedsheets and blankets to finish washing so i can vacuum  shower  wash my face  smoke weed  and eat my panda bowl 
 rt for marijuana  fave for the devils lettuce
 @realdonaldtrump usa is interested in jobs road construction freeways bridges jobs. taxes and getting rid of obamacare. its not marijuana.
 girl u is wasting smoke wyd 
 you a broke nigga cant smoke weed wit you
 yolo hop out the whip when im dolo none of these niggas want no smoke
 with all respect to the surgeon general  can we revisit this era. nothing better than a smoke amp a turtleneck. 
 nigga what type of weed you getting... im getting both 
 all i ever do is smoke weed   skip school and do dumb shit.
 yu mad . smoke somethang 
 nigga said church and weed its great thats all i need 
 smokers  whether its cigarettes or weed. biggest turnoff ever. rt @vh1kae name nonsexual turn offs
 @tyhenrymedium smoke and mirrors with a smile  is still smoke and mirrors. good on you to con hollywood rich instead of working class
 this feels a lot more like fire than smoke... 
 as the marijuana burns we can our turn singing them dirty rap songs
 so smokey  i probably should be 10 feet from the door.  compliments 
 @bluedaypio i was.in greenwich connecticut saw plane 1 on tv by the time i reached yonkers raceway saw smoke n 2nd plane still remember wow
 blacks are nasty but i cnt smoke weed  
 yo shoutout @christieazzato for a real ass smoke sesh
 s04708 new relates to criminal possession of marihuana in the fifth degree removes public view provision. 
 spotify ad weed is bad next ad rap song about smoking weed
 so much smoke in my eye  its irritating me 
 all that talkin coming out ya like smoke
 @mkupperman i think its actually ed asners office and he smokes a lot in a poorly ventilated office. hes haunted by her ghost
 a lot of weed and a lot of food to help with the cramps. thanks  @bangerangjp  
 went into this club. security checked my purse saw weed and didnt give a fuck 
 @fluffballshadow i picked it up and put my lighter to it. i was like what the fuck i was about to smoke my controller. lemme tweet this.
 how do you constantly run out of weed  time for a new plug
 @juliansburden your roommate could tweet this about me every night but its her weed im smoking
 a lot on my mind i think i just need to smoke
 @annuhbele awesomr pics u got all of them except for that runaway ninjajensen did he pull out the cloud of smoke and disappear 
 yall can hate on a nigga cause he smoke weed but its a plant so everyone breathing it in
 about to smoke one on the roof. its so pretty out 
 maybe the billions who want to see every hemp heads  skull split open should have our own rally. it would be the biggest of them all
 glad i quit weed no wonder couldnt handle what i saw n my body went under changes to life n mr pain  my god ty for ssd im burnin up
 @bigdaddycane420 @suellen6786 not me. im strictly a weed girl. sometimes wine but thats rare.
 just saw a billboard on a major freeway advertising the price of an 18th. the cannabis culture is prevalent out here. and were surviving.
 oh no.. not da weed 
 i should probably get up and smoke now
 if i didnt smoke cigs i couldve broke ankles and turn heads with the crossover and behind the  back pass
 @ivanthek ed lampert has a real smoker going
 @shelovestrruuuu on god and i was just 16 i had stole my key and smoked at a dead end and 12 caught us dey tried to flag me down i kept goin
 @48228a finna smoke wyd
 these weed brownies will blow ya shit back word to @chip216
 heres to a lot of weed  like a lot of weed...  shout out to @harvestdate for your potness 
 a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke  dom
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 7500 block of se 54th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000016474 1113 pdx911
 this is why local politics is important.  theyre going against voters trying to continue to criminalize marijuana 
 where all them niggas i smoked out for free  the boy still dankrupt
 hey @weatherdan whats up with the smoke to the se of fayetteville
 puss money weed lil wayne
 will i smoke this bitch  yes. probably fail my piss test lmfaoofbhsklshhwnshshdhsshdgxjdkxbxjjdndh 
 40 year old ww found a gram of weed in the parking lot and decided to tell us and we had to flush it in front of the manager.
 remy ma look like somebody smoked out aunti
 remy ma look like somebody smoked out aunti 
 probably playing hooky to smoke behind the gym with the rest of the republicans. 
 john travolta gas smoke faceoff
 breaking  lots of black smoke and first responders off la cholla and ruthrauff.  trying to get closer now. 
 on my way to @cwcmeds best place to get your cannabis in the area cwcmeds
 keep your weed and memes the same level of dank.
 my favorite daily question i ask to myself when walking to studio is is that a skunk or is someone smoking a lot of weed
 because hampton aint want no smoke letsgobears msuknow 
 if you smoke in your house  wyd
 you smoke  lol nah this my oxygen tank  
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 5300 block of se reedway st  portland  or portland fire rp17000016549 1642 pdx911
 when im catching a smoke and talking kurt cobain with some random bikers at a bar. 
 i just asked this girl if she wanted to smoke a blunt with me  and she goes im a cop cody
 so you can and it legal were you are look into the benifits of cannabiss oils and other alternative meds and treatments
 real shit smoke in my living room by myself everyday lol
 @w0manchild leave the party. smoke some weed. take cute selfies. for yourself or twitter too
 remy has changed to game for female mcs with one track. she smoked that tupacloud while she did this track. female version of hitemup
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at se milwaukie ave  se holgate blvd portland fire rp17000016564 1733 pdx911
 important article for all the weed nerds 
 twitter delete my account knock mark off i drunk smoker got no computer i dont matter pull my account i work insane hours my voice dont
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at sw 6th ave  sw stark st  portland  or portland fire rp17000016572 1814 pdx911
 @jaynegalt @realdonaldtrump so youre telling me sessions hasnt stated that hes gonna work against weed cuz i know hes against it
 gas what i smoke nigga
 @sensanders im thinking marijuana is a lot better than the vicodin they give me.
 think i said this a couple weeks ago  but i hate when i see a cutegirl online  but says she smokes. automatic no for me. onlinedating
 all these females say they want a nigga that just work  smoke  and play 2k... until they get one 
 nigga i have already made other arrangements and am smoking another niggas weed already. foh
 april i got get so fire cause im gone be around a lot of criminals and one felon and they love judging weed
 them you smoke like a nigga
 claim jumper wifi is not working im just trying to smoke a cigarette im quitting.
 cus you cant smoke free
 watchall niggas doin anyone tryna smoke right now a nigga bored
 im so tired of filling the empty void with the i miss yous that turn into the smoke of your cigarettes.
 @spacebling @weedhitler hello weedhitler
 my favorite  breathe its time to do it good luck defending nca champions smoke and to oc black  this is your ye 
 fukin with my niggas ill smoke a zip
 i will just say it now.  please somebody put a bullet in @realdonaldtrump and @kellyannepolls head.  i would do it but banned for weed.
 shoutout to the girls that make smoke videos for a living 
 @rtcom who can afford weed when jobs are leavng that state
 blow the smoke werdsofartphotography snapshotsundays morbookings 
 i seen the w amp d and assumed it said lets get weed smh 
 i just wanna smoke and this nigga talking about some cuddle tf  do i look like 
 i dont smoke so i was dead ass looking for a roach on the floor 
 anyone know any weed dealers with great customer service my guy just stopped giving a shit..bums me out
 @realdonaldtrump over 28 dead because of a drunk driver in nola...but youre coming for democratically elected recreational marijuana maga
 the best of the best cbd only @muathsnoubar @ smoked out smoke shop amp vape  barstow 
 if i throw a party for my bday an have smokepurp and thouxanbanfauni perform who would go
 i just smoked with ras 
 brought weed to charlotte from greensboro these niggas praising our weed lol thought yall said charlotte had the 
 about to smoke this 4 gram joint
 blowing smoke out of my window and looking at the empty streets and bright street lights i wish some 1 was holding my hand
 so i went to buy weed from my mans gf at his crib it was chill but from reason i been looking back with a vibe of her wanted to fuck
 matt elam had 126 grams of weed and 3 grams of oxys in his possession.  he was trappin
 lemme smoke first 
 @joshzerkle thats a lot of weed.
 structure fire  9000blk bouquet rd lakeworth  pbcfr station32 onscene of a 1story home  smoke from garage amp roofeaves
 matt elam is a certified dumbass. 126 grams of marijuana and he had some pills on deck smh
 im trying to get some moonrock to smoke on
 if youre in the nfl why in the hell would you have 126 grams of weed on you
 this nigga matt elam got caught with 126 grams of weed  wtf
 matt elam with 126 grams of weed and 3 grams of oxy  idk if i should be disappointed or impressed
 if i shoot at a nigga 100 times  i expect him to be dead  when the smoke clears. tf was dolph driving the batmobile
 all your myths about weed debunked httpst.coc7bkrzfboc
 john hickenlooper of colorado just talked about marijuana addiction being an issue 
 i stopped going to parties because all i do is smoke at them and why am i paying money to smoke somewhere when i smoke in my crib for free
 ravens safety matt elam was arrested with 126 grams of weed and 3 grams of oxy. 
 smoke  franklin club dr  @delraybeachfire station3 is onscene light haze of smoke in a apt bldg  hot water heater shortedout  no fire
 dude said girls that smoke weed are trash.. unfollows
 @qvc this is the fire hazard duraflame heater. while plugged in it filled my living room up with smoke and sparking. 
 im on the south side with some gs nigga   quick to smoke a nigga like some weed nigga
 lemme fix that typo trump might be coming for a cut of the money weed generates. 
 dumbass. you have millions. why are you carrying over 100 grams of weed and 3 grams of oxycodone 
 you honesty think females wont smoke cigarettes after they got all they needed from marijuana
 u smoke all day amp be broke
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at ne 122nd ave  ne shaver st  portland  or portland fire rp17000016736 0835 pdx911
  yall smoke to enjoy it  i smoke to die  john green
 ill make your lil pussy vape clouds run away in fear of this reefer fog  biotchhhhh
 bruh theres a spot in sf where you do yoga and smoke weed  another spot in my oakland where u paint and drink wine  ima try something new
 a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke
 i will never smoke a blunt wit a nigga ever again lmao yeaaahhhh nooooo
 @marrerohippie been a real smoker since i meet bro  everytime he post nigga smoking big 
 i usually run out of lighter fluid before i run out of weed tho 8
 put the moonrock on the weed  smell it when its burning...
 back to this money and smoking a lot of weed
 im dead over how this foiled smoked out eyeshadow look turned out on instabeane birthdaygirl 
 todays word of the day was meritorious  ravens s matt elam arrested on multiple drug charges in miami  126 grams of marijuana
 their stock value is smoke and mirrors
 i asked this nigga are you good and he gave me a run down of his day  nigga  you are the weedman. do you have weed  fuck your day.
 @nfl grant it matt elam had a lot of cannabis in an illegal state but are we as society to continue to ruin a persons life
 probably on neptune smoking weed
 if you smoke blacks youre dirty 
 p.o told me i cant smoke what if i stop drinkin   
 walking into an enclosed public place and not suffocating from cigarette smoke is an underrated quality of being alive today.
 if you smoke weed youre going to hell amp youre a fuck up in life.
 fuck you doin with 126 grams of weed elam is an idiot
 i smoke a lot more than i used too
 back then you and i was broke  all we used to do is fucking smoke
 you amp me  we on neptune probably smoking weed
 ny followers dm me  i need the best weedman
 i just smoked the biggest boogie @yasnahadipour
 i got some smoker changing my axles lmao
 new sunday plan of attack buy smokey.
 where da weed @ in the grande
 sorry cancer is a horrible disease. yet we still smoke me i do and when im 40 ill be like cancer  change is ha 
 uon want no smoke uon want no cancer 
 wyd after you smoke this @officialldre 
 i dont smoke with niggas you can keep your weed @mousemyers 
 need cute girl to smoke with and play reaident evil 7 with.
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 16800 block of se division st  portland  or portland fire rp17000016773 1224 pdx911
 march 1 smoke out in my parking lot i cant wait
 need a cute girl to smoke and play resident evil 7 with.
 girls that smoke are so unattractive 
 @ginacuccu @cinnimini2 we are very sad to hear about smokey  healing purrs and headbonks are coming your way otrb
 @paulwartenberg @amandamarcotte they want 1950s social structures with weed.
 engine 4 has smoke showing cah fire
 daddid you hear about bk in epping selling weed all you had to do was ask for crispy fries in the drive thru...deadd
 i hear many important people say @realdonaldtrump wants to enrich destroyers of healthearth  but jail pot smokers in profit prisons fail.
 wyd today  me smoke weed 
 despite living in washington  i dont smoke the weed  but arent there more important things to do ltughgt youfucker 
 females in tampa just be fucking for weed
 they owe you them niggas get ghost the reason them niggas get smoked
 hey someone run away amp move to hawaii with me and lets just smoke a lot of weed and work at like a surf shop lmao
 non attached garage|3150 w mentor av  wi||sq4 sq8 e4 e8 e2 tk2 bc1 bc4 fto sq4 has smoke showing sq8sq4 fire attack
 brought 4 weed suckersgt
 while sitting in the living room with my very religious grandma..you randomly hear i got weed in my pussy. off my brothers phone..
 ive heard about a lot of smoke around salazar on this topic  and it looks like now theres fire. 
 gas what i smoke nigga
 126 grams of weed amp 3 grams of oxy..... wyd... baltimore ravens safety matt elam arrested on drug charges  
 if your a girl and you need a job ..would you like to volunteer at a weed shop dm me
 posey car was stopped on sr62 for speeding. marijuanahandgun were found. 2 males arrested 4 poss marijuana amp poss 
 @jstats @pietranjello smoke ing in the boys room
 @jeffastier @kredo0 looks like smoke. looks like a cigarette. close enough. ban it. book him.
 my weed is safer than your groceries
 shoutout to my lyft driver who bought me a coffee while i was in the dispensary picking up weed.
 its only okay it its weed  no cigs either  
 my plan today is to smoke and blast off
 if you smoke cigarettes you dirty asf
 im dead thats the real smokey 
 im trapped in my thoughts while cracking a smile while you crack open a beer and a smoke on a black and mild
 today i went the book store and i met a 70 year old with a cannabis card
 i smell weed in scott  whos the ballsy motherfucker 
 @kirklandw saw a weed infused twinkie ad somewhere. woody h. would love it
 if weed is the devils lettuce i must. e a vegetarian 
 officer which house was it that you smelt the weed at   me this house  officer.. 
 all of a sudden females wanna be weed smokers but was just fussin bout they nigga doing it 
 @jimhatesyou right like boy youre probably still in high school drop the big boy in a smoke shop act
 a female who smokes od is so  in my opinion 
 i remember i was bouta smoke your ass for coming in my dms incorrect
 just saw a gtr smoke a supra  calistreetraces
 dabs  weed  amp walking dead
 this nigga at bueno just asked me if i consume marijuana 
 paola got all these cute little kick it spots to smoke at
 if u broke nigga cant smoke weed witchu  aint a boss nigga cant sipp lean wit u
 matt elam had a gucci bag with 126 grams of marijuana  6 oxys  947  amp a rolex amp his friend had a pistol lol okay
 rachel shilling for liberate physicians centers trying to get your medical marijuana card   
 i guess you gotta look dirty for people to think you smoke.
 i really liked hiddenfigures but not having people smoke um  nasa was a giant ashtray back then it was just weird.
 @peteysbird holy smokes that was easy 
 public transit in mke a guy just stood up on the bus and asked whos selling the weed
 these niggas arguing over which direction they blew the smoke out lol petty
 @imyourkid will i see you at the cannabis cup
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 6200 block of sw 47th pl  portland  or portland fire rp17000016858 1943 pdx911
 i asked if she smoke  and she told me no.. im smokin up all the weed
 youre the cigarette and im the smokerrr 
 sets up a craigslist ad for people interested in smoking weed on a secluded hill with me preferably in the late spring
 my girls smoke too much amp a botch for baby ass lungs i dead ass felt like i snorted a line everyday over break
 i swear to god my mom and my wife are staying awake on purpose so that i have to watch this s i cant even smoke a cigarette
 google just smoked facebook with that ad
 as i open this book and burn up some of this reefer. im dying inside and trying to escape all of my demons.
 yall niggas doing too much   lets be real if i made a gun blunt bitch is going in a weed art museum. 
 signs off  escaping smoke and fire  until next year folks
 saw that  daph. holy smokes unbelievable 
 im not cute but i smoke a lot
 she smoked me out and had the same pipe i used that broke when i boiled it
 damn dj regrann from smokeythebear336    death gap  mynameisdjs @skateaboveboard 
 i swear ill never understand why females tryna be cute when they smoking weed  bitch 
 just try and take portlands weed .. httpst.cok8rkbb0mdw
 if all she does is smoke amp her pussy burn you dating some flat irons my nigga 
 django was fire bruh idc what tarantino was on  i just seen a black man smoke a whole plantation thats quality cin 
 @riqhts do you smoke inside
 @bbrown5214 lol they smoke themselves broke
 i think vince is in this house burning incense to cover up the smell of weed. giving me cancer and shit.
 i am going to write a book that was provisionally  entitled ennui  insomnia  marijuana amp malaise but will now be called
 need that weed in ya system  
 8 sciencebacked reasons to read a real book via @realsimple   reading gt marijuana
 @chrisybillions  he only smoke shit ona empty stomach
 hear candidate trumps fake stance re rec marijuanahttpst.coxzcj7ka57u  mondaymorning  bospoli masscann 
 @bluebeastguy imagine wasting mad money on video shoot just 2 stand there and smoke.
 i dont smoke nothing under 3 grams 
 as i got older  i started to understand why people smoke their lungs black  drink the night away  or throw themselves off buildings
 smoking weed is so unattractive to me.
 enjoyed my quick smoke. at least  until i get my pop clouds and aspire k4 vape soon. vapelife
 why am i just now getting the double entendre behind the safaree line on shether   remy truly smoked nicki
 @meckparkrec with a prescribed burn today at latta plantation  beginning at noon. expect smoke in area. noemergency 
 to whomever is smoking weed in sus parking lot  sharing is caring
 niggas that sell weed be in they pics flexin with they reup money
 all i do is procrastinate amp smoke when im not working
 do i need a medical card to buy weed in seattle 
 i smoke wayyy to much. probably for some subconscious reasons .
 @fishmanmindflip we are getting low on weed put it on the grocery list
 @alyssabutler hmm i spy a challenger behind me that i smoked  twice 
 according to the sorority girls behind me monica really needs to chill out when she smokes and quit having seizures
 so israel is cracking down on weed by decriminalizing it and using the money from the fines towards education against weed....
 na fr niggas think weed turn you to a zombie or sumn 
 @iamaprillee youre 67 holy smokes
 im finna try to not smoke for a couple weeks see how this turn out
 yes skipping school amp smoking weed in the dq parking lot is so cool 
 im considering starting to smoke cigarettes so i can get multiple paid breaks at work.
 david letterman looks like a hipster living in portland who smokes weed everyday. 
 yall want some weed random ass guy at school  @primexjoker
 ill smoke u up if... first of all bitch  you was gonna smoke me up anyways so dont try to throw ultimatums at me
 @countmeout @muhcoochee hes an okay singer. i wont blow anymore smoke up his ass than i already have 
  johns legalize marijuana video  
 niggas start smoking weed  buy one lil gun and forget they a whole bitch 
 i associate female cigarette smokers with dirty pussy
 if you come to the gym  workout for 5  minutes  then smoke a cigarette  you absolutely deserve lung cancer
 if you smoke  im begging you to stop. lung cancer is not an evil anyone should have to fight.
 the worst is walking behind them and all the smoke just hits ur face 
 portion of hw 136 closed down bc of smoke. rock port police say they believe tires caught fire from a recycling ce 
 @nwsdodgecity its pretty close to the radar  so hard to see... do you have any pictures of smoke plumes from the ddc control tower
 females that smoke blacks ltlt
 all those wack ass niggas you fuck with buy weed from me 185 an eighth lmao
 theres a couple guys in the parking lot of wal mart with a need weed sign 
 real nigga till they smoke me 
 never will i smoke with @terrellej again  had me on that couch feeling like i was in browns funeral home
 i accidentally pulled out my weed when i was paying at starbucks lol let me pay you with this gram rn
 since the marijuana likely wont be heavily shielded  gamma ray imaging should catch it. needtechatborders nuclear 
 hoping bae is working now so i can just walk over and smoke the car out  thank god our jobschool is at the same spot next to each other 
 @mstephiie a that makes me sad  it was a cute tiny smiling smoker figure
 niggas be greedy for money weed amp hoes
 im re downloading ghosts and using the weed camo
 another way to find the front storms have fired along it in ne ks  with smoke from the wildfires now moving se int 
 tacos  weed  henny  you cant beat it. tomorrow night we turning up  hit me for details or just pull up 
 san jose police dept officer arrested for allegedly stealing marijuana. 
 im reminded every monday by snapchat stories that it is in fact monday  time to smoke some weed  blackoutday imatthatage readthebill
 every weedman ever. 
 @katramsland between russia and president trump or his campaign  but  he says  theres a lot of smoke
 its not easy to weed out the roots you planted in me.
 just saw a nigga i went to high school withfreshman yearwe smoked lots of dope anyway he cleaned up got married and has a kid and is happy
 who lives in the la area and has their rec i will smoke you out if you pick up for me plus im really cool and nice
 when youre on a smoke free campus but the edgy kids outside of keldin blow smoke in your face 
 i feel like this would fit in a if you smoke this wyd tweet 
 homie ...... smoke one with a nigga.
 @etnow weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @richbenter weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @lyndaobst weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @kingjames weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @snowentertainme weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money
 @gma weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @smithjake5 weed cures cancer... think about that ... imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @gheadicus weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @dylandcarl weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @sleeplessmovie weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money
 @haileesteinfeld weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money
 @eazzyzac weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @talentinklany weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money
 @realdonaldtrump weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money
 @amytalkington weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money
 @juice3d weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @justinbieber weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money
 @leodicaprio weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 @iamjamiefoxx weed cures cancer... think about that ...  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money
 the gag is i dont smoke  its just a tweet
 @chloegmoretz weed cures cancer... think about that ..  imatthatage blackoutday readthebill bencarson high weedeveryday money threat
 cards weed
 cards weed food
 blew smoke in my face and i was not happy camper. 
 @uwebollocks @byyourlogic since he is now mexican  giordao probably smokes raleigh. 
 can a  weedman come serve me
 a younger me wanted to be a police officer and fight crime and shit  but i wasnt tryna bust people for weed
 some niggas in that wave i can fuck wit on a personal level  like smokepurpp.
 whn i have a lot on my mind. i just light up and i smoke it 
 structure fire 1000blk 9th ct @westpalmbch @wpbfire onscene working fire in a residence  fire attack  smoke showing on arrival
 @troyfromchicago lowkey probably some top shelf but i got my weed shit. she wunt talkin bout makin an exchange tho fu ass 
 ill fucking smoke your ass in mario kart 
 i never realized how underutilised this infinite database of information was until i saw folks confuse common barnacles with mutant weed
 oh yeah its a creeper amp a brick wall amp then lots of smoke amp by smoke i mean gas 
 i see me in that ghost with a lot of smoke 
 @yngwildnpolshed gurl that natasha denona duo chrome on top of a black base would be duo chrome smokey goodness 
 should i face one or smoke with this nigga scrams idk cause he be tweaking
 probably smoke a blunt too
 well i b showered by water tg n smell sweety but time i throw some smoke while i reading. lol night can tail
 @garindove dad just gave us 50 cents for weed lmao
 get you a me  all i do is smoke dope and read books about science
 wheres the girl that wants to party at clubs and smoke in the basement
 my 2nd favorite type of plant  and no  my 1st isnt cannabis....thats my 3rd.  shoutout to 
 i hate when people say bitches smoke to be cute bitch not my fault i smoke and im cute 
 bitch marijuana smoking me to be cute
 me when i see girls on snapchat smoking weed but never inhale the smoke.  
 in davenport fl  need some weed if some one can sort me out 
 these niggas said they would smoke backwoods over clear papers.... idk how to react to that
 patiently waiting to get my medical marijuana card 
 nigga said he got that good smoke and pulled out some reginald 
 about to smoke this wood. kayy.
 this will be a glorious smoke session 
 im real close to hitting up my weedman
 san jose cop arrested  allegedly stole suspects marijuana 
 i cant  smoke that strong nigga swear thats word to my p.o
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 0 ne 2nd ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000018961 2324 pdx911
 im tryna smoke amp aint nobody awake 
 a little too much weed and a lot of walter mitty makes life way too real
 420 blaze it haha smoking the devils lettuce i see yeah we get it... you dont smoke
 bill seeks to reschedule marijuana under the csa   
 bill seeks to reschedule marijuana under the csa   
 dallas fire rescue on scene working a large fire at a metal recycling plant in west dallas. heavy smoke blowing ove 
 there is a helluva lot of smoke here for there to be no fire. pausethispresidency  
 dfwtraffic black acrid smoke blowing across i30 near westmoreland. firefighters working a fire in a rec 
 nigga this aint no weed  this shit got eyes. see here yall white folks come wanna start messing with the herbs fr 
 does the phrase in the weeds annoy anyone else like its a detail but its not an important one. but most cases it is super important.
 @juniormiller lots of the panhandle still on fire @gordonkeith very strong smoke in lubbock and south plains. 
 buy it  break it  roll it  light it  smoke it  inhale it  im gone
 its 730 am  im wide awake. what was in that weed
 all this smoke is giving me a headache
 niggas know not to try bheard free smoke is available 
 lil wayne deff da reason why i smoke today lol
 thats a lot of weed for a little girl 
 dont pull up over here thinking you rambo might suffocate off the gun smoke
 thats why i have 3 weedman  to avoid this bullshit
 i farted guys sorry bout the smoke
 thats a lot of weed. 
 ya are laughing at this weedman shit amp im dead serious lol
 i be going out side to smoke any kind of way lol ..yesterday i had boxers amp a sweater
 @vjjofreason @washingtonpost @colmorrisdavis @bbguari yes. either smoking marijuana or some other type of downer. makes only sense to me.
 if you my weedman you got to be dedicated to your craft
 rent a super car for a day  drive around with your friends  smoke a gram of that haze  bro  easy on the ounce  thats a lot for a day.
 when your weedman is serious with the shitgtgt
 @realquidachay remember when land blew smoke in charlies face in sm  and how much trouble he was in  we were talking about it yesterday
 e3 on scene 4 william street with a smoke condition in the house. reporting a working fire. line being stretched.
 lowell im back at smokehousetavernlowell this friday night party with your boy. 
 @astrokimbrough would love to see a shot of the texas panhandle fires and smoke from up there
 anytime anywhere baby shoutout to the smokers 
 i smoke cantaloupe 
 @ekush97 lmfaooo 4 what she gonna smoke the whole thing and not even inhale leaving u nothing
 blm prescribedburn scheduled for 39 at drippingsprings natural area thursday weather permitting. highly visible smoke amp closed to public
 what evolved in 80 years in alcohol is moving at light speed in cannabis.  lori ajax  chief bmcr ccia cannabis
 if all you talk about is weed on fb like a prepubescent high schooler trying to look cool youre getting blocked.
 tracking two grass fires just outside of fowler in otero county. heading toward major smoke plume now @koaa 
 here is one smoke plume seen from just outside of fowler in otero county. working to get more info now @koaa 
 if yall hide yall guns amp weed like yall hide yall girlfriends amp babymommas  a lot of yall wouldnt be in jail 
 nigga out of work and shit tranna smoke and pull up to ihop ..
 what happens when tracey g is staying clean she shares weed memes 288 get used to it  or block that bitch. 
 i smoke the purple hues  i suffocate myself with herbal fumes
 that awkward moment when someone asks you for a cigarette cuz they saw your vape smoke
 .@knoxvillefire working a house fire off golf club rd in west knoxville right now  very strong smell of smoke in t 
 @gerbshanarb if you go to the top of the parking garage you can smoke up there and no one will bother you
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 12400 block of e burnside st  portland  or portland fire rp17000019084 1310 pdx911
 when a random mexican just walks into your backyard and starts weed whacking...you know youre in az
 i just bought weed with my debit card... this is the future
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 400 block of ne 18th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000019082 1310 pdx911
 @misterrmarcus lol. wellactually most drugs  prescribed amp illegal  are absorbed quicker that way. its just weird to hear this ab weed
 in the village of admire  structure fire closes down street. lots of smoke in the area. @ydrcom 
 thanks @rciaschini for myride@5 smoke very tasty @paradigmpres @pistolcliff @cigarchairman @ctderek @jcfromva 
 go to @ydrcom facebook page. i just completed a live video. smoke is still coming from the structure.
 i dont smoke hookah nigga or that vape shit
 how you broke but you smoke boy you feenin
 these folks in the arleg must have already taken up smoking marijuana before sessions. 
 i wasnt broke when i was buying  your weed and gasing your vehicle
 they getting niggas on weed though. niggas given out 1 gram for dub. 
 my nigga smokebaby the next rapper up 
 sun setting in a haze of smoke  as fires burn in northwest oklahoma.  wildfires @ 
 youre so fuckin nasty if you smoke cigs
 gasss what i smoke nigga .
 bap ass weed
 omgggggg. dude pulled over in front of tower right now and i hear the officer say i can smell the marijuana a stoners blessing to you  sir
 damn who smells like weed inside @brothersmuncie  damnson
 its not cute to air out your sex life on here escpcially if youre a female niggas dont like that thats how you weed out the tramps
 my weedman at homeltmy weedman at school lmao
 as stephen a. smith says stay off  the weed 
 @lilherbkent im almost positive you saw a bitch fuck after she smoked with a nigga  not for the weed.
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 8200 block of se 76th pl  portland  or portland fire rp17000019164 1748 pdx911
 why do females even smoke if youre not gonna inhale when you hit the blunt. like stop you look dumbbbb
 damn near might not buy groceries and buy weed instead
 its crazy wen a nigga say they dont like when females smoke but every ex gotta blunt in hand postin bout rollin up  yea okay
 havent smoked in 4 weeks and my piss is dirty. fuck that 
 ayy bruh lets smoke amp plot on some shit on what nigga tf do you do  @4thquarterquan
 everytime i try to trap i just smoke all the profits so i get high as i can and then get right back to robbin
 smokes  smoke investigation inside a structure at 4800 block of se 28th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000019167 1827 pdx911
 @notsoagrande do yourself a favor and please block me before i smoke your dumb ass
 just had a huge rip of vape smoke hit my car as a guy blew it out while we were at a red light. sickkkkk
 need an emo girl that smokes asap ty
 he was very calm  probably from the weed from his teammates 
 weed really be having a nigga back when you down that nigga lift you up i fucks with my nigga weed heavy
 @quitsmokingteam my god its hard i only smoked 1.3 years amp im struggling  surprisingly got a vape give me support.
 the migos made a show of donating a thousand dollars when they prolly smoke that much in a day. thats the issue. 
 i need put some weed in my system 
 hey  wait all weeds just need sunshine and rain  pesticides not necessary. most med mari uses have cancer dont poi 
 beingmaryjane means youre gonna be smoked burnbabyburn
 my playlist fire leave smoke behind you niggas with all these barz in my playlist 
 i honestly inhale so much secondhand vape smoke
 all this fire smoke in naples is giving me such a terrible headache
 finna smoke this blunt and ktfo
 free healthcare for all  including people who smoke hah
 two guys have asked me to smoke a cig with them......if i smoked cigs id probably pick up a lot of dudes
 @yslduke retweeted my shoutout to him ..... now i just gotta get the nigga to smoke a couple  ..... we need a ysl concert in san diego
 i smoke cantaloupe
 needs a weed wackier 
 hell nigga weve all smoked before at one point.
 walks out of bathroom  why is your scale so small  i think i broke it  dude  thats for weed
 just got my ticket to the smokers club concert 
 stoge after stoge i choke on the smoke
 @govmikehuckabee oddest part of this tweet is imagining the huckster in amsterdam. a week of smoking no weed and making fun of the anne
 dudes that sit on their ass and smoke amp thirst over hoes all day are so unattractive get a life nigga
 its the coast  tshirt  flannel  no coats. a party aint a party if my nigga cant smoke
 i come back from a lil smoke session and this nigga done ripped up his wee wee pad that i just tapped down. 
 niggas are doing coke in front of me like its weed......... nooooooooooii my nigga thats coke... cocaine... buggashugga 
 listen to party and smoke a backwood.
 youre like my fire   lets stay up and smoke a j
 i need to smoke some of what that nigga was smokin  
 old smoke spot lmao 
 cant trust no nigga who smoke game green
 so i was bussing my table today amp they left a jacket behind. unbeknownst to me theres about 6 grams of weed in the pockets.  serverlife
 just lemme pop my shit lemme hit that weed and sip that aye niggas what what the fuuuuck 
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 3700 block of se 21st ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000019226 2312 pdx911
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 6800 block of sw 26th ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000019227 2316 pdx911
 in need of a weedman
 this smoke smell is giving me a headache 
 himwhatchu you getting into after this hernothing  him tryna come smoke at the crib 
 himwhatchu you getting into after this hernothing  him tryna come smoke at the crib 
 hope everyones lungs are okay today this smoke is no joke
 this is whats left of a property on benfield rd in collier county. patches of flames and heavy smoke in the area 
 wildfires in area causing thick smoke  
 should have went to seattle n smoked dey pressure
 @finlayjordane damm sorry to hear that..maybe you should smoke more weed...
 but living with los again made me just hop back into that bc all this nigga do is smoke 
 hipsteryankeecandlescents  vape smoke asshole
 i smoke to get rid of confusion
 hipsteryankeecandlescents vape smoke
 lots of weed and alcohol 
 @jodieemery thinking of you on internationalwomensday tyfor all the timeamphard work you have put into educated canadians abt cannabis
 you niggas gonna keep on with the dumb shit until you smoke your bitch by a accident. dumbass niggas 
 yeah pussy nigga you thought but aye parking lot smokey said whats good around 5  
 ya know its better to smoke marijuana than cigarettes................and marijuana is banned so like what the frik
 if i get killed tonight  some niggas gone smoke a pound for me some niggas gone load up they guns and hit the town for me 
 today might be the day we need to get groceries in the pantry  or take the bus somewhere  or get a gram of weed. because survival costs.
 @toddonfranchise thats my pet peeve.  smokers dont care about their lungs. but to toss lit cig out of veh is just 
 @ohlovelylina  450 k great marijuana .trade them for mexican workers  thats a better deal. god bless russia.
 my buddy @chinabria wrote a nice review of my medical marijuana book. many thanks.  learn a 
 niggas in the group chat only care about smoking weed nigga im tryna go to skyzone
 paid days off to smoke weed amp do music shit gtgt
 @daphhoneyy nah i got rid of that ages ago im running off water amp kush smoke 
 celebrating women today must include the most famous female plant on the planet...ms marijuana
 @brandongowton @bleedinggreen saints are blowing too much smoke now. super unbelievable.
 post malone and quavo smoked dat hoe 
 goodluck to them smokecity boys... go get what yall deserve 
 idgaf bout a nigga or his folks you gon get yo ass smoked nigga take me 4 a joke
 @rachel @thathippylife viagra is just a medicine made just like crank out of horny goats weed  opps not marihuana at all
 im the holy ghost i pop up im blowing holy smoke smoking oggod you cant fuck with me
 im back focused nigga. i hope a nigga get outta line i cant wait 2  smoke a nigga  @whoisconway
 im working on a file and the ladys last name is weed. im so jealous.   mrs. weed.
 and now im out here sounding like i have smokers lungs. doctor appointment this evening  here i come...
 smokea  smoke investigation outside a structure at 7700 block of n kerby ave  portland  or portland fire rp17000019338 1106 pdx911
 lets smoke this gass amp get lot
 i hate smoking wit niggas cuz den dey try to come onto me like nigga no gtf damn im just tryna smoke
 smoking weed  avoiding police across the street  cuz my nigga holding on to that heat.
 my roommates amp i were hella mad yesterday bc we smoked all our tree and no plugs were awake at 2 am lmao
 she brought weed off me just to try to smoke me up
 @kylegriffin1 thats always been the argument folks. im a babyboomer and my folks were force fed that smokemirrors speech. ok obamacare
 ...said the group set off a smoke bomb  blew air horns  chanted and whistled... 2nd dgree riot nope. @timkaine  
 i pull up on random spots by myself to smoke 
 we saw smoke yesterday amp saw fire on the news. be careful see u tomorrow 
 slim hemp wallet combines functionality with simplicity. 100 hemp shell. 6 credit card slots  2 business card slo 
 @gwarmothwftv  is that smoke we are seeing in groveland from the brush fire from east orlando very smokey and hazey  here in clermont area
 regrann from mynameisdjs    throw back clips with yvngrichh smokeythebear336 @skateaboveboard 
 why some old lady at physical therapy juss asked me if i smoked... i must stink
 @breezzhh easy for her bc she doesnt smoke loud
 saw the @belgianboolean b on a discarded medical marijuana container today. yakuzabots dont come out of thin air 
 @faithmariee on blood bro niggas wont send me a location so what makes you think im gon think you gon smoke me... with what pole nigga
 @nasmaraj yo i been there.... weed n phones was nothing guns wasnt easy but niggas plottin en escape  had one stas 
 @itskrews yo real  its one of those places i didnt fully appreciate until i left. such a uniquely beautiful area though. old smoke spot 2
 background weed smoke and waves crashing.
 it is so unattractive when girls smoke cigarettes
 @levanreid that will buy a lot of synthetic weed
 house fire|4515 s vine av  wi|sq19 sq12 e19 e12 q34 tk2 bc2 bc1 fto sq12 has smoke showing starting fire attack
 no that exact cigar... hate that its in canada amp i cant smoke it  @mack280  @cigarchairman @pistolcliff @jeffbotl @violator57 @notbuncy
 support your local smoke shop.  we have just about everything you guys needwant liquidation 
 young rich nigga smoking weed when i wanna
 the occasional random scent of weed in my building...
 its crazy when the government let you smoke cigarettes that cause cancer but wont let us smoke marijuana when it cures cancer.. 
 some people do the most to be discreet when they smoke in public  catch me sparking that shit walking down the street
 khomeinis picture on the toman makes it look like hes giving the side eye to the weed lol 
 thats why i said i probably wont ever smoke again
 first time ive been able to smoke in 2 week  @cigarchairman @robustobabe @1502cigars  @hnjad @pistolcliff 
 who wants to get dinner n smoke some book with me 
 @doedoobs nigga  im not marijuana literate lmao
 i got the weed at the crib and the liquor too
 i dont like girls that smoke weed  that aint cute.  booooyyyyy im smoking to get high  not be cute
 dj just said smoke green blow white so shit lmao go green
 aint tryna smoke no backwoods with no other nigga
 @katupnorth i did it a few times back in the day. 1st time was 2nd hand smoke at a jackson browne concert. munchies not a myth.
 never do you smoke with these niggas lol 
 i complain that im broke but any money i get goes towards weed or food
 @nativeog wassup fuck nigga green light pull up exit 6 naranja 264st pull up lets smoke fuck nigga
 idk if i should buy smoked out tail lights or just smoke them out myself  
 these kids smoke a lot 
 this tincture shit was cute but i think tmr might be time to smoke a j.
 @annasnevets remember that time we smoked weed in the junior parking lot with erin rogers before hat basketball game
 if i was paid to smoke weed.. id be rich af 
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 8800 block of n syracuse st  portland  or portland fire rp17000019491 2037 pdx911
 my next nigga will not smoke 
 smoke weed with my niggas...
 you cant complain about money if you smoke weed bitch ima still buy a dub every week amp complain about how im broke. let me be.
 we smoke spliffs and goto nasa she so thick she gave me asthma
 party aina party if my nig cant smoke 
 all ccl is  is people begging for money or talking about weed amp being high..
 yeahhh nigga ion smoke but run my money 
 why is it so fucking hard to order only two grams of weed this late
 @thedonfonseca @johnnyorteezwhat i just smoked
 some dude tried to sell me weed last night and said i mean its not gas but its okay.....boy wyd and who let you sell weed
 the day i like a boy that brings weed will be life changing
 yeah  i dont smoke cigs  but ill prolly get lung cancer from garlic bread  bet. 
 apartment fire|815 s emporia av  wihr4 sq2 sq1 e2 e1 e5 e4 tk2 tk1 bc1 bc2 fto ma1 sq2 has smoke showing sq2e2 fire attack
 my friend took my jar and filled it to the brim with leafy weed. im decked. 
 this is the biggest tease of my life  they would want to smoke heavy with me in the car rn that i cant smoke  edgarfuckedup
 trying to smoke myself to sleep and it isnt working
 structure fire 5919 farm pond ln apartment fire amp smoke showing 2nd alarm requested dgist 
 if you can pay to buy weed every week im pretty sure you can pay 2 for a parking pass and quit parking in mine goddamn
 getting head rolling up my weed yeaaah
 tryna smoke nigga 
 heads up drivers fire truck on scene. looks like there was some smoke. response looks controlled. komonews 
 @marijwannameet  i would love to work in the cannabis industry. i have been smoking it since the late 60s  know it well. live in hemet ca.
 my girl say im a walking weed charge  she right.
 lips real life turning black gotta leave the weed alone 
 wanted to smoke but my plug is sleeping... the fuckery.
 @katannihilator @wafflekittenn theres some in my bag im about to head to the smoking area to smoke.
 trusssmiii i know but i dont smoke jacks yawl gotta quit them hoes cus its killin me literally 
 we get it  you smoke weed  im dead 
 last night  in a packed museum... something magical happened. straight fire framed by smoke. 
 @tipsybromo its not a real credit card. if you look at it  it a pouch from a weed shop in colorado
 jamican weed nasty tbh lol
 biggie smalls the millionaire   the yatch  the 2 weed spots  the 2 hot glocks
 when you find a cute girl but she smokes cigs 
 gas what i smoke i nigga
 light one for a real nigga smoke one for a real nigga daedae  messy r.i.p. slo 
 @323tre that weed must be messing with your brain
 since they cut my umbilical i been passing weed on my physical
 this high schooler smoked me up on 2 blunts on the beach ln....lmao ok
 @thepewterplank this puts a lot more smoke on that cooks for butler fire
 o yea soo signed up with cleanvibesllc last weekend for high times cannabis cup. picking up  
 holy smokes he shops at xtc either in malton or albion mall 
 odor  smell only with no smoke visible at 3900 block of se division st  portland  or portland fire rp17000019600 0921 pdx911
 mayors in the weeds talking about 3 ps potholes  playgrounds and police officers @thecityclub stateofcle
 you know me  broke as a joke with no weed to smoke 
 bruh i havent heard a peep from trudeau bout legalizing weed  meanwhile they stay raiding spots smh
 songs that go with cannabis go  tune in friday 7pm changing face of cannabis legislation in canada. well spin y 
 vape cocopuffs @ a no. 1 smoke shop 
 @krsnjordana the home style chicken double smokebacon one  lmfaooo
 grounds to be cautious about all of this  said this journalist. my sense is that there is a lot of smoke and probably something there  but
 people who smoke on the beach piss me off
 im really trying to understand this tweet. like smoke is coming out of my head and everything 
 msg. nova smokes st johns 
 and tweets like these are the ones where you realize you smoke a lot 
 @gameofthrones safe to say that plan went up in smoke. fire             im sorry
 ill never forget when i worked at a fast casual chain amp was given the option of pulling weeds from the parking lot or going home...
 roc marciano  the smokebox | brealtv  via @youtube
 dude said he has money because he buys weed everyday  then 10 grams aint shit 
 some girls so damn cute.. then i find out they smoke. like cmon.. that shit so unattractive.
 i might be in the minority but i dont think @arizonadot employees should be allowed to smoke in vehicles our tax dollars paid for. stinky
 cant decide whats more important  buying gas or setting spray and weed....
 14yearold travis ive heard that if u smoke the ganja once  youll turn gay
 i paid your rent majority of 2017  some clothes you got on is bc of me  fire ass weed you gone sell is bc of me  amp u eat good bc of me
 hey yall so  im playing a theatre show with my buddy lauren weedman  and im in portland or 
 inhale smoke then i blow it out
 @gmbremer boy  lot of smoke but no fire . you were right 
 blunt smoke comin out the nose  is all a nigga knows
 yu anit a real pothead unless you had struggle weed
 @dalejr @trekbikes @jimmiejohnson @kinetictrainer @trainerroad @triyonperf impressive  bet youre glad you quit those smokes long ago 
 420 smokers club @ observatory oc.   hope yall got your tickets
 i just heard a nigga say he finna smoke with his grams ... niggas out here with it like that 
 when niggas obviously smoked b4 coming into wingstop and now i cant hear bc its so loud.
 lrt whyyyy cant i make explosions of pink smoke behind me when i pose.
 u know niggas can go to the weed shop wit a ebt now oh yea trump fasho on some bullshit
 i should do a blog think about trying out different weeds and giving reviews im pretty sure its been done but i just wanna smoke 
 not having any weed to smoke after getting your heart broke  
 why are meme accounts posting videosphotos about weed  ugh its so annoying
 @kjrb79 @foxnews @fox411 started a landscaping bus with nothing just a mower and weed eater now he has 20 employees and makes a lot of 
 silver tongued devil probably put some smoke screens out with all security agencies sharing intelligence  however s 
 big worm whooped on him like da nigga owed him 200 for weed  faisonlove
 got to see behind the scenes at @disneyepcotus tonight. i wish i never saw it. i like the smoke and mirrors ignoranceisbliss
 @jenny69dolls do you smoke before working out
 i went to get my med card and the guy decided to smoke me up because hannah and i are cute af
 dude next weekend im gunna smoke a lotttt of cigarettes and hit on lots of dads and throw a lotttt of cabbage. uh huh @lygalikeatyga
