 honestly my baggy pants be working as a table for me to roll my weed on 
 real barbecue. no pellets or plug in smokers here. split oak and fire. low and slow central 
 choke on smoke 
 @gatitanympho @nathancombrink. love to smoke
 wakefield has smoke showing
 im a hell of a smoker and a bit of a drinker
 this girl on the subway inhaled her ecig and never let the smoke out. i never took my eyes off her. how is this possible
 i smoked some gas 
 i hate february. i hope i smoke myself directly into march tonight.
 bad idea to smoke a cig if ur tummy hurts
 a cigarette smoker 
 one last smoke before my birthday is over 
 currently in a relationship with food  on the upside  home grown smoker never disappoints. 
 @cnn sad part is it took twelve people. maybe lay off the weed till after the lifesaving protest action then snacks amp naps.
 females that smoke weed be the realest remember who put you on.
 i love joints i love blunts i love bongs i love pipes i love weed
 saw your rt @alexandracari then weeded through the replies to find this gem 
 nothing ruins a good run more then someone blowing cigarette smoke in your face 
 if the fuckin chain smokers come up on pandora 1 more time ima kms
 @shootthejaay lmao gas what i smoke
 i posted a description and stuff about this supercool weed tool. not sure what happened  but i 
 ive always wanted to smoke a cuban cigar
 all gas no breaks smoke gas to the face
 dragon ball  3 000 grams of pure cannabis oil. 
 i had 2 nose bleeds that both lasted 15 minutes today and i got smoked in the face with a basketball..
 @donikahhhhh happy birthday dude ur hilarious lmao smoke up bless up enjoy
 i hadnt picked up weed for myself in over a month  only wax  amp i just gave in amp picked some up. who am i
 im trying to smoke someone in 8ball
 i am not a social smoker lol
 aint nobody touching me on the grill or on the smoker. 
 barry gordy and smokey robinson on stage. i still cant believe it motownthemusical 
 so lately weed socks have made me pretty happy
 so lately weed has made me pretty happy
 friendly happy crowd tonight. i dont think i ever had so many strangers offer me free weed  the fillmore  san francisco  ca
 if you a female and you ont smoke i aint checkin fa ya. off gate unless you just dat one
 the smokeys where 
 these ribs are ready for the smoker who else is hungry now  @goodbullbbq @kbtxnews bvtm 
 @juliaaamac happy birthday pretty  smoke a bowl for me
 def need to smoke with these early thoughts
 @wolfhailsss always dropping the weed 
 yall cig smokers be stinkin
 808 got them smokers
 who wants to smoke hmu
 day 3 of painting hands i decided that weed whacker string represented how i felt about 
 these cheer leaders need to smoke a blunt fuuuuck maaan  yall are horrible
 i know smokers often think they have smokers rights. but id love to have the legal right to @febrezefresh them upon close proximity.
 welcome to salinas  where 90 of dudes either rap  sell weed  or got a clothing brand
 should i see the chain smokers at bill gram or at golden one in sac ... idk 
 unless its like 100 bales of weed
 does steve bannon just never wash his face and chain smoke all day or what
 to a smoker from a non smoker stop smoking cigs on campus its disgusting
 @tavisjohnson5 i went to mtsu for a year  really enjoyed it except it seemed that every body smoked ...dont smoke...thats stupid congrats
 @aclu @atrupar @thinkprogress oh dont worry we marijuana smokers will drive old jeff in to an early grave. 
 loving our new toy today were making cheesy meatball lasagne in the kalamazoo smoker cabinet 
 loving our new toy today were making cheesy meatball lasagne in the kalamazoo smoker cabinet 
 do i buy presales for spring knowing theres a good chance porter will be on the lineup  or get audien and ganja tix
 stuffin backwoods spillin mad weed on the floor
 my barber my weed man all curving me wtf
 scotts betting on big growth in marijuana  putting money in hydroponics  via @dispatchalerts cultivation cannabis
 chain smoker by @chancetherapper will always be my all time favorite
 @restupriorackz  man i told myself i aint buying nomore weed until my birthday 
 and she smokes her smoke like shes passionately in love
 imma just keep doin what i lovedo best amp slangin lbs of dank weed all day everyday
 youre the cigarette and im a smoker
 today is one of those days i just want to go home and smoke. except i dont smoke and i have no idea what being stoned feels like.
 the idea that the chain smokers have fans leaves me at complete wtf
 @playerstribune @bfinn86 @mikevick wow  look at all the smoke coming out of my butt  how about returning millions of dollars to mr blank 
 family fleckforget about me  i love you. 1500espnfat ass marijuana inhaler leading you.
 ok but why is the moving men tryna smoke w me doe amp tryna get on  im dead af these old ass mfs
 no one fuckin delivers weed no more
 speaking as a substance use researcher  the current milieu couldnt be more ripe for millions to descend into cannabisfaciliated oblivion.
 i remember back in the old days  people used to say  if they legalize marijuana  nobody will smoke it... 
 not looking forward to the day i have to stop smoking weed and start taking real medicine to make me happy and put me to sleep 
 free smoke in ball 
 i love weed 
 nothing will put you in the weeds serving like a party of 10 regulars who love drinking alcohol
 i think rock island has some dank weed being grown somewhere because that stuff is smelly every time i drive through...lol
 just weed   edibles amp snacks  
 lighting stog after stog  choke on the smoke they tell me to quit  dont listen what im told help me forget that this world is so cold 
 my nightly smoke break from work. nording dunhill smokeapipe @ bloomington  indiana 
 you tired  but you aint yawning  youre too busy screaming and moaning  hold up. smoke one. then we get right back to commotion
 only thing i love is my drank and weed
 friend smoking isnt classy me good thing i smoke to be high and fall sleep amp not be classy 
 friend smoking isnt classy me good thing i smoke to get high and fall asleep amp not be classy 
 love me  love me not  just come smoke me out ..
 @yalepress @peacebang yale press is joining w the dictionary  smokey the bear and bart in some wicked subtweeting.
 this is just a moonlight soaked  ring of smoke  right hand on a cold one confession
 this dude called me and asking me if he could buy some weed. 
 catch our show @cannacon feb. 18th the high end the most expensive absurd  futuristic  outrageous cannabis produ 
 once you start dabbing frequently weed is kinda changed forever lol
 they say you are what you smoke then im a og yall some regular 100 a oz
 gas  not smoke.
 senatortimkaine does this guy smoke a shit ton of dopewow
 gas weed and fresh unused pampers 
 when you find out your neighbor has been growing a shit ton of weed in his apartment gt
 i say this with all seriousness  god bless marijuana
 hmu for weed
 hmu for weed
 why do people constantly offer me weed in trade for my dirt bike  fuckin a people
 i love weed heads  
 every time i see a beautiful landscape the only thing my feind ass can think of is how nice it would be to smoke a blunt there smh
 my big brother accompanied happy birthday with dont smoke rock tonight bigbrothergoals
 its 2017 and weed men still dont have a squarecash card reader  bitch i dont always be havin cash 
 g weeder one of the funniest niggas on insta 
 who want this smoke in ball 
 aint smoke menthol in years but i def put mary down for future development. 
 i love marijuana
 now they are asking siri if she smokes pot stop this why do i understand my childhood so much better now
 i love smoking weed
 omg @frankiesfriend @theacvs @bluepearlvet l am in the finals get out the vote holy smokes mytalkmanuary 
 he saw me kissing jacob when her picked me up and he was like  ur young  you got time  smoke a cigarette breathe lol wtffff
 1st i would love to smoke with you i have organic weed lol amp i didnt see the link for the shirt  love you stella 
 not 2 b sappy but weed is so beautiful it honest to god takes me from a panic attack to taking a step back to see a situation clearly
 cigarettes are gross  idk if i can fwu if u smoke em
 they say niggaz smoke sum weed get a gun and forget they a bitch lol
  chain smoker by chance.. late night vibes
 the marijuana just freed my ovaries  god bless.
 @straleyraymond @mikepwilliams @realdonaldtrump theres no way you smoke pot most pot smokers are deep thinkers
 cyclops smoker in a tweed blazer.  oilcanvas @howlhappening smokingkills bizarrepainting 
 i remember in jr highhs the popular kids thought i was a weird delinquent  little did ya know yall would end up smokers amp drinkers too lol
 i hope to enjoy a smoke @soniaazadtv  one day. join me pipes amp cigars are awesome 
 i smoked some great snodgrass once. @cykocurt 
 gas gas gas what i smoke.
 white smoke logo tee get your now at  link in bio dontmissthemovie fashion 
 said she never smoked i turned her to a stoner
 @altonbrown you are getting love from a bbq  smoker group i belong to. 
 i love smoking weed outside 
 is anybody alive in sarasota smoke that 
 @etaupnupes where yall get the thing that have to red smoke thou lol
 after i smoke its like i become a lost dumb puppy just needing someone to guide me through life on a leash 
 you can say your weed is  straight gas  but if i smoke that hoe  barely get high  and i get a bad headache. your  gas  was 
 lots of cops and media outside cannabis culture in vancouver. people milling about. 1 person cuffed
 this girl wanted beer so she was like ill just take it off the weed you gave me dont worry about paying. bitch you wanted beer i cant
 it would be so dope to be a weedtuber...i just suck at talking to cameras alone...and people.
 @madonvacation one of my neighbors called the cops on my old upstairs neighbors cos they smelled pot smoke and they got arrested and evicted
 whoever said pot smokers are lazy can shove @nicolelauren1s and my 20 mile bike ride up their ass.
 guy @ the bus stop yesterday night talked to me amp was friendly and nice. so nice that he offered me his pipe of crystal meth to smoke. nah
 11 am i a drinker or smoker
 about to smoke big gas.
 i found a girl in a jesus sweater she kept giving me weed and molly. she had a camelback full of whiskey.
 its just like a smoke and dagger with twice the grain bill.
 thinking where the hell am i oh thats right with my guys smokeonthewaterweston boom cigars 
 @bibliofleur not much of a drinker lol which i guess is good...wish i had some weed  actually. and yeah  sleep would be good.
 omg weed get delivered off an app .... thats it im moving
 i could chain smoke 3 packs rn smh gross
 i was already fucked up off a few other substances amp called drug daddy to pick me up. we smoked in some guys manca 
 this weed the super gas
 oh man  @mreugenemonroe needs to discuss this one for the cannabist. 
 protesters getting loud at cannabis culture raid in vancouver earlier today. warning nsfw @bcitnews 
 still only giving rides to those who both smoke me out and give me gas money
 17 hr shift over with home eating pizza about to smoke watch seinfeld an fall out
 clearly a smoker 
 cigarettes are so gross. completely ruins any interest i have in a girl if she smokes cigarettes.
 being 15 ruled. i remember smoking a ton of weed so my high would last pas my train ride and i could get home and read rotten library baked
 yooo @drake and @liltunechi what did ya niggas smoke
 only the weed smokers and drug dealers gone catch on to this one  
 but the buds i smoke aint regular
 bullylisalemonin4words no weed for you
 @leclaireout lolololol that one time aka the first time i took you to smoke with my friends in that crowded ass car
 as you get older  you start to understand why people drink the night away  smoke their lungs black or throw themselves off buildings
 just smoked 3 backwoods... hotbox
 i dont smoke no more but i would love to be high right now
 ima start going hiking by myself with malo no more drama. malo doesnt complain malo doesnt slow down malo doesnt smoke my tree at the top
 fucked around and got smoked  
 backwoods get pealed i smoke away all the tears 
 this how i smoke. hmu 
 dont send me no flowers unless it weed weezy
 weed 101 this colorado universitys cannabis classes keep growing via the cannabist 
 one occupant transported to local hospital for smoke inhalation.
 sink hole situation happening here in springfield township on hempstead rd off winton @fox19 
 women who smoke cigarettes 
 @reedrobertson @timcowlishaw i was the 70s personified  smoked  did drugs for 20 years. i quit drugs and cigarettes cold turkey. willpower.
 real estate readers offer suggestions on smokers  timeshares  escrow  roc
 shop around by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 offically accepted into ctc for next year cant wait @ hempfield high school 
 and the smell of their weed is coming through my bedroom vent 
 @deanawa55339161 @syoka68 @mathiasian probably had welfare pay for smokes lol
 vancouver trends now canuck  cannabis culture  prince of pot  victo  russ. 
 i love the snow... i love the morning amp night... i love life... @ hempstead lake state park 
 either @secbooger had a terrible experience with weed or hes getting paid to be against the use of it. lol
 im ordering the colored smoke bombs and holi powder tonight   im so excited for this scene 
 happy birthday @ smokehouse beatsi made this for you 3ft 
 @ankenyscanner any idea what the smoke is coming from northeast of town
 @sassyre75696315  holy smokes. damn near fell outta my chair. busted out laughing. lol 
 i just want weed for my birthday  nothing fancy
 happy birthday smokey  @itzzsmokey
 to know smokey was to love hiiiim 
 my boss called the owner of the building to get someone out here to pick weeds and maintain the garden. yall...
 vancouver trends now canuck  cannabis culture  prince of pot  victo  elton john. 
 born sinner  opposite of a winner  member when i use to smoke mad weed for dinner
 hate a bitch be a bitch and you know who it is big smokeyy and chimp 
 im a cigar smoker now.
 @wisemonkeysblog their weed is unsafe. i wouldnt smoke it. if they keep selling  and keep failing tests  these arrests protect pub health.
 vancouver trends now canuck  cannabis culture  victo  elton john  robin camp. 
 will never understand why people smoke cigarettes  literally the slowest form of suicide
 @tmz shes a pot smoker like her dad you should be good  roll some blunts
 me and my people break bread   sit and smoke . the conversation rich   but that depend on what you consider broke
 who is coming by for a smoke and a drink flordecaa cigars @ east oakland  ca 
 i love smokey robinson  brenton wood and al green sooo much..
 @loristella75 @brianbonafitz @zentients tumble weeds lol
 my 14 year old brother sums up politics weed vs guns
  conn with henry at smoke stack cigar shop in north providence @ smoke stack cigar shop 
 dear people who smoke at the gas station please stop  it freaks me out
 people weed themselves out of your life and i love it.
 starting springbreak off right with a smokehouse sandwich at @hrcsanantonio hard rock  it is 
 starting springbreak off right with a smokehouse sandwich at @hrcsanantonio hard rock  it is called the texan of 
 @jamesrockola youre free to believe what you like of course  but given his history and her obvious lies about immigration  enough smoke.
 @macksta how do i vote for all of them except weed
 im screaming with excitement about catcampnyc and all the snacks i will get  i saw smoked 
 dude in san jose just came up to me can i get 10 i owe this dude for weed  been there my dude take it
 ima always be a smoker but babby lately i been likin bein sober
 you like older men  sucking dick  smoking weed  and drinking beer we get it  
 holy smokes alshon jeffrey is a man of few words lol
 i used to light pretzel sticks on fire and smoke them anna
 my dumbass said i wanted to smoke a beer 
 im at smokeys jerky in baker  ca 
 ride in my ride w the top down  smoke weed w my niggaz
 if you propose to a smoker make sure you present them with a beautiful smoke ring
 .@ananavarro im a liberal that loves to smoke a good cigar at the piano bar or poolside.
 love marijuana  smoke on the daily
 new sausage dish on wreckingbarbrewpub sapeloisland clams  smoked pork jowl  ham hock broth  
 please explain @justintruxdeau. you are legalizing marijuana  yet sellers  users arrested.  you must pardon  retroactively  now cdnpoli
 perfect friday evening on the dock...full moon tonight. happyhour friday loveflorida @ weedon 
 i love marijuanas
 making weed brownies is a lovely experience
 smoke hole  looking up through the smoke hole of a tepee. @ washington  district of columbia 
 my hoa says no grills allowed so guess that means im getting a smoker
 my weed and my fire stick is what ima be doin tonight
 acting regular cause das what we smoke on da regular 
 everyone always talking to pounds of weed or stacks of money. see me on a direct line to the love of my life  
 @redsarmyjohn does lebron endorse weed for medicinal purposes
 chain smokers suite tickets gonna be littttt
 cold smoker v3.0.   this ones for keeps  coldsmoker 
 news4jax takes a look inside the marijuana industry...why some families are having a hard time getting the drugs th 
 imma about to start asking random people if they have any weed when we stop for gas 
 im sure everyone has been talking about it but just looked at the snow forecast for next week. holy smokes.
 probably not the best idea to smoke at the gas station tho...
 the tracks of my tears by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 gee  the guy who joked about the kkk being ok until he learned they smoked pot is a hamhanded administrator. what 
 i love weed
 also me except the weed part 
 when ya homie leaves his weed so because you love him you finna smoke that shit gtgtgt
 @phoennix just lit up a pack of smokes
 definitely happy smoker  
 a true republican  about to smoke the dcrossier pennsylvania avenue @ master cigars 
 @braaaaiiinnns @dylanakent lol how do you think i grow my weed
 i laughed with her smoked gas with her
 wed. 31517 @mitefcc presents leasing experts who will discuss the use of cannabis as medicine 
 wed. 31517 @mitefcc presents leading experts who will discuss the use of cannabis as medicine 
 tryna smoke and rap  
 where do all the beautiful women who dont smoke weed hang 
 one roommate got these beers called dab  other roommate smokes  and i know dance moves so when someone asks for a dab theres confusion.
 for da reggie smokers lol 
 real  rt @sydkmss im sorry but if u make me choose between u and weed its gon be the gas
 my dad has accepted the fact that i smoke
 playing with the smoking gun  sous vide smoked pork tenderloin  saffron compressed apple  sweet 
 i would love to go back in the rapture as longs as hes growing some cannabis clouds up there.
 @lynngvnn hope you guys come back to memphis soon. saw you on tour with fall out boy last year. i really love fire and smoke from your album
 @trapgrampa if you cant stop smoking  weed buy this guy a pound  and dont pinch it see what happens
  what gas what i smoke.
 thats prolly just the weed talking tbh
 @smokingjoe30 happy birthday smoke
 all the white people do here is smoke  drink  and ride bikes  my dominican waiter at a cuban restaurant
 lowlevel marijuana possession penalties could be reduced with new bill  via @kxannews atx
 venezuela got smoked by an incredibly awesome puerto rico team. thats saying something.
 next up is the injection and a rub down. then in the smoker where the magic happens. bbqlife 
 me tlc tender  love and care didi oh i thought that was the stuff in weed
 centralrys17 rt @lamar89 im more of a smoker than a drinker.
 who knows the guy that has good ass weed
 just love when the people across the hall smoke pot all night
 nobody gives a fuck where you smoke here stoner roadtrip
 i just love weed honestly
 damn nobody smoke
 man all i smoke is gas 
 i forgot that casey left me weed in the grinder so now i can take a fat ass bong rip before bed   god i love him 
 us damn smokers
 remember you used to have to put your weed in your sock amp the 18 of shitty beer in a backpack to get past the rents lol how far weve come
 my older sisters always smoke me out 
 my gf is so extra  she hung a happy birthday banner from the ceiling on the smoke detector lmao  
 once i can stop breathing in cigarette smoke ill be the happiest women alive 
 shit got real for a minute... that ass belongs to ruben who the smell of smoke pouring in from 
 happy 420 to the people that are alive because of weed 
 i have the energy level of a 78 year old smoker with copd.
 ayo @zoeydollaz you think jay buck talkin facts my g or blowing smoke
 its cool if i have to call a taxi i will just to go get weed mfs petty.
 this aint no friday come in like warm  pull up and smoke me a nigga 
 i just want to make art with beautiful women. stack lots of cash. smoke dank. and keep it 
 soon as finished paying my bills the first person i call is my weedman
 just a little selfie happy saturday everyone workonsaturday @ smoker friendly 
 this is lexus. shes getting readyforspring hemptent   ive had her since before i had a store 
 satisfaction in the form of smoke 
 im just trying to smoke in my car and bump
 @vp frm coast 2 coast @realdonaldtrump is laughing stock. all lies  smoke amp mirrors.  moron hasnt accomplished any 
 us cigarette smokers are a dying breed.
 let the birthday smokes begin @ lake country cigars in delafield  wi 
 rt if you havent fucked yo weed man 
 i cant be getting high with my sister no more her topic of conversation is manically depressing and a waste of weed
 so have they bumped up the price of smoke alarms or put them on sale
 happy brunching regram  alexandrapana brunchin.  @ barque smokehouse 
 8 ring circus at muirranch today weeding and wedding floral  training and 
 @trevortperry  update screamed not today satan at the smoke detector. and it stoped beeping. 
 goat thread. yall lecucks gunna get smoked by the celtics this year. 
 people drive by dorm rooms talking bout anyone in there sell weed  
 backwoods is all i smoke.
 how 85 of women smoke weed ... 
 so my dad calls the chainsmokers the pole smokers and my mom called them the cigarette butts 
 i have a new found love for @chipotletweets barbacoa and the smoked tobasco sauce.
 who the fuck has your child while youre out all day smoking weed and taking bars youre a shitty momma.
 smoking daily and giving up weed for lent has been so hard for me
 @potus @realdonaldtrump  me amp my friend have a few questions for you regarding medicinal marijuana. pls set up a meeting.
 @drsuckitoc @condompizza lmao dumbass hoe  fucked  dude for a place to sleep for a night  some weed and 60
 if you see smoke coming from the university of memphiss softball field dont worry... its just @emira11 throwing 
 i forgot i worked frisat not satsun so my manager called me last like where you at and i deadass said why are you trying to smoke
 i gave that bitch a bump now she love the coke i let her hit my blunt now she loves to smoke
 you wont believe whos gonna be at the kids choice awards... kevin smith .... the chain smokers   im good thnx
 drinking an eureka w citra by @treehousebrewco @ b.t.s smokehouse  
 who else remember when gator smoked catnip
 rooting really hard for smoker.
 let the smoke fly cao flathead 770 cigar cigars cigarlife cigar101 cigaraficionado 
 cigarette smokers annoying fam
 just came back from @petsmart and smokeys one happy little kitten      petsmart 
 yall remember having to pick the sticks and seeds out your weed lol those was the good old days.
 @reefermadness yes  and youre awfully close to us  reefer 
 happy birthday boo smoke one for me miss you @acrispp
 from one blunt smoker to another  keep it lit. thank you for the experience last night @isaiahrashad 
 below freezing saturday smoke amp drink. guinness beer beerdrinker romeoyjulieta cigar 
 news4jax takes a look inside the marijuana industry...why some families are having a hard time getting the drugs th 
 i smoke more weed than a mf rock 
 candlelight ball pregame with hempelkd love beautiful nofilter @ nashville hilton downtown 
 gas is all we smoke
 i dont always smoke cubans  but when i do  theyre cigars and not people... @ victoria  british 
 chain smoked road trip
 women  weed and business panel on womens role on investing in cannibus sxsw 
 on the menu tonight smoked snapper salad  toast  celery. ubdinner @ underbelly 
 i love weed more then i love females
 @ckpilatesstudio me @chobani and @badiaspices trilogy mix with hemp  chia and flax i get plenty of protein and it tastes delish
 bryce hempel fouled on the drive
 what happens to the libertarian party whenever marijuana is legalized
 when you need to vent but have no one to vent to and youre starting a smoke free life 
 this is what happens when you drink weed
 of course not. that was yet another smoke screen distraction. swatting flies. 
 aint we cute love me some micheal with his blue smoke hair a little older than when we 
 steve prohm with a big 12 title. holy smokes. 
 nobody smoke bettermore gas  than me. 
 @8xdahardkway happy burthday l love you brother ima come smoke a wood w you soon. 
 no woman has ever lit a cigarette and handed it to me as a form of comfort. because i dont smoke and neither do most the women ive known.
 i just walked into the apple store of weed shops mad men in w.hollywood trusssssmi
 dont trust people who smoke marb blacks
 its not only weed you moron. 
 im so happy for the smoke man yall deserved this   409
 my dogs a drinker  my cats a smoker. 
 i got smokers on my right side  drinkers on my other  the weed man my cousin  the dope man my brother
 i associate smokey robinson with motown more than any other artist. iliketowatch
 had a great shift  smoking great weed  while watching great basketball. amen 
 cigar smoke. valentino designer swim wear.
 free smoke in ball 
 i got the macnocheeto burrito  hush puppies  and mac nocheese loved it @ homegrown smoker vegan bbq 
 great swim by carson weed at tonights finals ...tied for 1st in the b final finished 9th overall and broke 26 flat 
 the nose on this laphroaig cairdeas can be picked up from across the room. love this smokey 
 kenzie just said whats up with san francisco and weed 
 lol its marijuana dumbass fullmoon ppl are crazy livepd
 the cure band has a smoke machine because of course.
 @scampcache a little weed never hurt nobody 
 smokers smoke end of conversation.
 the chain smokers know nothing of chain smoking
 if youre such a stoner  legalize the weed at your shows 
 god.....this weed was a great idea.  d highdogthoughts
 @ogkos happy birthday bro bro bless up be safe smoke big woods
 omg i forgot i really thought the weed was just that good 
 never trust a girl dat smoke blacks
 day 2 at sxsw featured legendary smokers  great   and more amazing panels including the new tech driving china. 
 @talkmaster are ecig smokers as unintelligent as cig smokers like to see smoke roll out window at red lights
 miracle at the overlook the elevator is free from dog piss barfgarbage pot smoke today oh happy day
 i have fucked up thoughts of doin fucked up shit on the daily  but my god and my weed keep me level headed.
 video toronto police project gator marijuana dispensary arrests  acting inspector steve watts of drug squad expl 
 when you go into the shop and the budtenders knows nothing about weed ltltltlt who the fuck hired yo dumbass
 i lied last year. im still cheering for bryant. god bless his weed smoking soul. 
 i want to go to the chain smokers 
 i just want ah mf who i can get mny with  smoke with amp we both just fuckin each other no strings attached no feelings attached 
 @iorettaiynch cant believe lynch speaks on anything given her crim. past 4 hrc. maybe trump called 2 see smoke out bugging tower wlynch
 one of my last roommate always was smoking weed but couldnt pay rent  
 thou shall not blaze thou neighbors weed.
 amazing. @ taino smokehouse 
 the smoke comes out of its nose class 
 yall got the weed prices over here so fucked up lmao
 cold day to smoke a cigar in toronto  cigaraficionado thesix personaltrainerlucascouturier 
 backwoods get peeled i smoke away all the tears
 he always wants me to roll up the weed amp trust me w the aux
  hes up in smoke. ya think capt. obvious smh nascar kobalt400 @nascaronfox
 time to smoke a  big papi cigar @ tampa  florida 
 looks like a bowling ball  rt @trapgrampa 3 000 grams of pure cannabis oil   
 i never smoke to excess  that is  i smoke in moderation  only one cigar at a time. 
 no day is a bad day with a brisket in the smoker
 all the cops start laughing when the guy said its marijuana dumbass  
 happy birthday juice also a cua reunion. @ smoke amp barrel 
 a classy stop in weed  ca 
 happy birthday @themeanestj9 ily weed bae  
 news4jax takes a look inside the marijuana industry...why some families are having a hard time getting the drugs th 
 my dad just put ribs in the smoker...i love being home 
 ive only met weed smokers who are into other drugs... and trapping... and flexing and rapping  hollie nicks
 theory chainsmokers fans dont actually chain smoke  rather they think chain smoking is gross except for when they did it at a house party.
 @locylucy its more expensive weed
 im off tomorrow so i can finally smoke  im happy
 this... with some weed amp painting...  
 @rodeohouston  enjoying the rodeo with my favorite girly and about to see the chain smokers. 
 call me ganja woman  
 happy birthday girl  smoke 18 back woods @sydneysimons 
 beautiful day for a spatchcocked chicken on the smoker. preceded by a 217 softball victory. 
 bye abby love you. stop smoking weed please my dad
 crawford smoked that ball
 too many phony smokers these days.  its kinda funny and cringe..
 @anncoulter i didnt take you for a pot smoker
 10 mins into chainsmokers @hlsr and you can already smell the weed
 im not even a drinker ima smoker
 im sad that they are moving. they are chill and smoke weed lol people who smoke never complain.
 women  weed amp weather
 same girls that call the smokers at parties gross piss themselves when theyre drunk.. 
 how you flexing money but yo weed getting fronted 
 guys my fam knows i smoke amp accepted it  no longer the demon child
 im the coughing smoker when i havent smoked in awhile and the professional smoker  
 i use to casually smoke all the time amp nobody knows amp boy im boutta start up again so help me god
 what i learned today at @lifechurchopk from @levilusko... saint paul visited heaven  probably due to being stoned... with rocks not weed.
 what i learned today at @lifechurchopk from @levilusko... st paul visits heaven  probably due to being stoned... stoned with rocks not weed.
 this has been a test of the old school skills nettworx... ceasefire smoke em if you got em... 
 dude just said backwoods are butteither you aint a smoker or you cant roll themcause i dont understand
 what did he smoke during pregame lol 
 @blaketiffany1 is the weed expensive too
 theres a dance going on near my store and all the mexicans are coming in and theyre buying beer  smokes  and gum lol
 casey is the best person to smoke w 
 pulled weeds  did laundry  assembled the new bedroom set  washed dishes. domesticated af.
 i just did a load of laundry and accidentally washed my exes sweater and there aas weed in the pocket and now everythings covered ahha
 why are cigars the most salivainducing of the smokeables
 cuz when the smoke clears youll still be here  through the pain and the tears all these years
 10 for a pack of backwoods im glad im home. 20 for a .8 of weed. jesus
 cant wait for the smokers club 420 show. last years holiday sucked ass.
 if yall really thought chain smokers at the rodeo was a rave... then youve been going to the wrong raves
 @mattdirito hey buddy  hows life when you back in seattle area again love to hangout with you and smoke a nice cigar 
 listen to babylon  smokeys rip victory master freestyle by djwonk np on soundcloud  ripmoka
 i love weed and food
 youre the cigarette amp im the smoker
 i would love to smoke a cigarette
 a smokers a smoker when the chips are down
 bsl dont want no smoke in dodge ball
 @oohjay happy birthday smoke one for me 
 @manuelaschwesig @rasbuch1 i dont smoke ha ha   painting beautiful 
 always prep snacks or a meal before smoking. would be on the instructions if weed came like real medicine  
 how the fvck niggaz still getting locked up for weed this world is crazy
 medication  conversation  and a little marijuana
 you be the cigarette   ill be the smoker 
 i understand why people smoke weed
 except they smoke it more than twice a day 
 in the scheme of things  shes so insignificant. just a distraction. smoke and mirrors. oh  and shes really gross. 
 @thejaredpowers dont lie. we all know youre a smoker...
 im so happy i stopped smoking weed.
 i guess its better than weed whacker engine bikes.
 lol some of my friends dont hmu unless they need weed smh
 no way you can trust anyones opinion if they smoke cigarettes
 i have the worst smoker cough right now 
 preciate ya smokeyy 
 the happy smoker lol 
 happy birthday you sick pathetic pot smoker  @jakobjahnke throwback 
 the chain smokers 
 im getting real sick of my brothers blowing juul smoke in my face
 you a smoker so you know im gone get stoned with ya
 excited to present this morning on stigma among cancer patients who smoke at aspo2017 
 chain smokers 
 kbbq valet lots are never empty  theyre always 247 and full of smokers in expensive sweat pants
 ill never understand how anyone can only smoke backwoods lol yall throat gotta be rough as hell
 old people are so extra when they smell weed. not even smoke  just weed. they start building a makeshift gas mask and shit
 i put my vsco in my insta bio and i went and looked back and its full of weed and my family follows me so i had to take shit down 
 get you some   smoke that gas  thats you
 backwoods i cant smoke no swishers that aint healthy ayeee
 talking point its time to regulate medicinal cannabis and scrap legal penalties  via @themercurycomau medicalweed
 selling 2 vip tickets to smokers club  100 each hmu 
 @versacebummer ayeee happy birthday hope you have a weed filled extravaganza
 i still lol a little when my texas family calls someone if a druggie if they only smoke weed
 this guy whos been avoiding me and ignoring my texts for like a year finally decided to hmu on fb asking if i had any weed connects. bye...
 .@trinityu is a ghost town. a tumble weed just asked for directions to @trinityuadmiss office. springbreak 
 i have no idea how i would make it through college with out weed
 how can you afford weed and a new hummer but you cant pay your rent or feed your children
 okay im down talking about weed @chey
 thanking god for the women and the sunshine... not so much the weed right now lol.... i used to 
 i smoke with women but i hate to see women smoke lol smh
 its fucked up that yall probably be lacin yall homies weed
 women weed weather  
 @voxdotcom i assume we have a podcast coming postcbo for weeds
 i just smoke good gas and mind my damn business 
 smoking weed is such a magical experience
 lol these people had sign that said need puppy stuff or weed same
 that government marijuana will get yall super fucked up. 
 all i smoke is gas 
 @thereallavallee 7failure his life has always been smoke amp mirrors lies amp deceit bullying and a series of cons that make him appear to be
 daily reminder that hemp is ruled by saturn  the devils weed. 
 my dumbass somehow forgot that im allergic to the weeds in the grass and i played in grass with jasmine im all red and my skin is burning
 when jessy and i smoke we get sooo deep into conversations
 about to smoke first thou
 @thebootbitch love her  she was in a movie with i think chris rock where she constantly smoked  sexy as hell
 i love smoking weed 
 stoners love anything that involves hemp.
 why does every ocean state job lot or big lots smell like the tracheotomy hole of a lifetime cigar smoker
 fact every ocean state job lot store smells like the tracheotomy hole of a lifetime cigar smoker
 discount big box stores always smell like the tracheotomy hole of a lifetime cigar smoker.
 my nana literally only came over to smoke with my roommate lmao wow
 i dead can smell weed anywhere like that scene in harold and kumar where they in jail lol
 pimento cheese hush puppies and smoked chicken wings oh my.. @lilliesqchicago @chefcmckenna 
 because you smoke to much pot 
 lighting stog after stog  choke on the smoke. they tell me to quit  dont listen what im told.
 happy birthday big boy  smoke sumn @thcxlion
 update i smoked a bowl and decided to go for a bike ride and now im lost 
 my first time ever at a legal cannabis store. posh prime commercial real estate. all the gadgets and forms of pot a 
 why should the alabama legislature end the war on marijuana read our fact sheet in support of hb 269   alpolitics
 i need to smoke my weed and drink cause ima lose it soon and start doin things i shuldnt
 i wonder if our microwave stopped working last week cause obama was using it to watch my roommate smoke pot
 oh everyone smokes backwoods now  foh
 my roommate just put on kid cannabis the movie  i think yes
 gotta weed out the people you trust. this is getting old.
 trader hemp @ trader joes  san francisco   ca 
 at the end of my shift and im complaining to my manager about how i cant wait to smoke weed because i have cramps
 yall i got some weed hmu 
 house bill 81 would reduce marijuana possession penalties in texas 
 forecast from my eastie neighbor who smokes butts on the stoop and thinks were all overreacting 0 inches of snow
 bill would reduce penalty for marijuana possession 
 some pedestrian got smoked by a taxi outside the condo 
 i love weed more than i love people ...
 the funniest shit always happens or is said when shawntay amp i smoke together 
 more of a smoker. 
 ketchup... marijuana infused of course marijuanainfused marijuanainfusedketchup ketchup 420 
 drinking a smokey the mountain bear by @thirstybearbrew at @thirstybearbrew  
 doooooooope  know i love to smoke
 i love my marijuana
 hate when smoke get in my nose
 id do anything to roll up and smoke with the squad rn @kingtilden @mrmveroneau miss yall niggas
 the smell of weed. not the usual but the one who got smoked by rich men walking in their grey 
 i fucked up i have no snacks but mad weed and tequila 
 happy birthday demi. u are my best friend ever my smokey my ride or die i love u so much i seriously couldnt do 
 kissing full of beer  tequila  weed and candy.
 @jackrecker3 happy birthday nia. another year where we have yet to smoke each other
 my uber driver and i somehow started talking about marijuana and i ask him if he smokes and guy starts talking about algebra like bruh wtf..
 im not really a drinker nomore more of a smoker
 this and the song chain smoker use to unexplainably make me happy  
 neighbors say this apartment fire on centenary blvd sent one person to hospital with smoke inhalation. shreveport 
 i think the smoke seeped into my sheets  oh gawd smt
 this mf called me at 5am to smoke 
 ilovedrivingbecause i can drink my beer in peace... naked....smoking a joint...getting road head..listening to smokey robinson
 why in the f is he getting into the weeds about district snow prep you are not going to see him out playing in 
 @trugreen my yard has so many weeds its terrible tgopeningday entry
 then why did myuglyass get a duiuglyfor smokingugly weed  oh u have to be a pretty white female.. amp offer fe 
 @mlgalta1r literally never said there was. i love marijuana and i love coffee. i just dont need either but trust me. imma stoner 
 im more of a smoker rather than a drinker. smoking will never give me side effects or hangovers like drinking does therefore  i love it
 he laced my weed cause i cheated on him im screaming
 it amazing how rude you are by not working very hard and lying to the country. all just smoke to cover up your russ 
 lighting stog after stog  choke on the smoke they tell me to quit  dont listen what im told help me forget that this world is so cold
 cant wait til spring time so i can go hiking again and smoke my weed near a ravine 
 @lebatardshow love it  so easy to get weed
 i dnt smoke at all but i love the smell of weed lol
 oh yea forgot to mention i am a legal medical marijuana patent lol 
 bitches be screaming free their nigga when his bluffing ass only booked for a petty ass bag of weedhe be home when you get out the shower
 that is if i smoked of course
 rt if you smoke before class ...
 weed 101 inside temple universitys marijuana in the media class  @mjventure marijuana 
 phew. were open today if anyone needs smokes or a warm lounge.  @ cigar world nj 
 crystal ball perspective  in the weeds 
 the good one smokersone of the best kept secrets in barbecue.  via @wordpressdotcom 
 too many other smokers on the tl forgot they rellos before this storm 
 just made the connection its because when i was learning to scuba dive the older people there were totally smokers.
 blowing smoke now  just tell us you only care for the rich
 sandwichoftheday smoked buffalochicken  butter lettuce  tomato  rosemary bleu  cheddar on a pretzel roll.
 i dont smoke weed but i can smoke tons of hookah...
 i love the difference between taking hits of northwestern weed and taking hits of ours.
 this isnt y i came back to the east coast... all local businesses are closed. we have no food amp no weed its 2 cold 
 i love marijuana
 i have a playlist called smoke break on my spotify
 when its so cold that you cannot tell if smoke is coming from a persons breath or if they are vaping.....
 i love how my old coworkers snap me when they smoke
 lemme start dating white men since i only get approached my rappers and the local weed man
 psa smoke gas only 
 currently in the medical marijuana investment ideas panel at the @rothcapital conference @tedroth 
 its okay kellyanne  during my last manic episode i thought people were spying on me through the smoke detector
 iannetta smoked that ball 
 jodyhighroller dont smoke regular 
 i just got my belly button repierced and now im getting my cannabis card renewed  successful day on haight
 music is the greatest form of relaxation. forget smokin weed  drinkin  amp them other drugs. zone out to the music. thats a real high yupyup
 this guy holi is an indian holiday bhang lassi is a weed milkshake 
 @snoopdogg please dont let white people take weed from us. its the only thing they havent tampered with for gross profit yet
 your shit amp hurt our team so bad glad alshon jeffery gets to smoke you twice a year 
 hate a negative mouth making regular moves with regular goals smoking regular weed being a regular sched type. 
 very good cigar. typical for aj fernandez @ blue smoke cigar bar 
 very good cigar. typical for aj fernandez @ blue smoke cigar bar 
 enjoying a @lfdcigars maduro cabinet no. 5 at the @elitecigarcafe. a great cigar at a great place to smoke cigars
 black n milds are for when you want to smoke a cigar but have accomplished nothing.
 shit happens. good thing i got weed 
 @fox666ak  i have thought deeply about medicinal marijuana and plan to try to acquire it.  im going back to painting and
 remember  a cigar is also something you smoke  freud 
 yall blowing smoke 
 you right  puerto rican girls just smoke weed while pregnant 
 cause youre the cigarette and im the smoker 
 i picked the wrong day to not smoke bro.
 lmao good thing me and anna hide emergency weed in my room  i found some and im rolling up 
 @mofornow3 yes i did  i wanted to emphasize how excited i am to host tonights cannabis friendly yoga class outside at the castle
 amazing smokey  chocolatey and the bourbon is really noticeable o... siren noire 2017  photo
 i love love sea weed its so good
 confessions of a budtender nobody likes a weed snobhttpst.coindisgercv weed cannabis 
 hit dogs holler on here man. if you a woman who smoke weed and dont fit that description why you mad over a strang 
 all i care about is my rent and my weed this it
 soon as that weed hit a girl she tryna get fucked on.
 omg so excited to see chain smokers with bailey
 not only that but we somehow switched the topic over to smoking weed lmao
 27 west coast smoker also all of them 
 rafa bruh i smoke blunts you be smoking cigars and big shit 
 @chris10tv this extreme cold should def put a hurt on any weeds that already popped w the warm winter.
 i smoke big backwoods of that funky 
 i forgot weed was legal in vancouver
 i love weed
 when ive got that cigarette smoke and saint laurent coat  but nothing is feeling right. i drink but i choke  i love but i dont
 now im blowing hella smoke  talking on my cellaphone and i got that purple on meee 
 despite todays snow day being eat sleep smoke repeat. i did remember to send the reverend a lovely happy birthday 
 being the first man alive to overdose on weed.. 
 real love is when your mom finds your brothers smokes and you say theyre yours without any hesitation
 i read a story where a guy pushed bad mexican weed called brown frown and its still making me laugh.
 israel has been at the forefront of medicinal cannabis research  but the country also has a tumultuous cultural and legal history
 yall had that weed called moon rock  its a1 trust me...
 im not a heavy smoker at all but i love stuffing a backwood.
 this is just a moonlight soaked  rain and smoke  a right hand on a cold one  confession  latenighttunes spotify floridageorgialine
 this is just a moonlight soaked  ring of smoke  a right hand on a cold one  confession  latenighttunes spotify floridageorgialine
 @cookieespeakinq nobody with the good weed.
 why cant the world just bring a shitload of weed  booze and pizza or your regional cuisine treat of choice and have a party no bullshit
 i am defff a drinker and not a smoker.
 the guy at the drive from jack in the box was talking to me about weed 
 @reallyslik hahahaha drinkers aint a smokers.
 i hate living on the eadt coast....... shitty women   weather and weed
 @realdonaldtrump @snoopdogg mr. president  what are you talking about i dont think snoop would smoke with you. hes chillin with martha.
 @realdonaldtrump @snoopdogg being a full time pot smoker is not a career .....
 medicinal weed only
 shout out to the bipolar weather and the gross ass people of hempfield for getting me sick again
 niggas must not smoke backwoods in lombard cause gas stations never have em
 poop dog is dead to me. all that marijuana must have finally fried his brain. that dangerous  disgusting video was the final straw.
 you got pot to smoke but not a pot to piss in
 @potus @snoopdogg and snoop doggy is nothing but a bottom feeder of ignorance nobody other than losers give a s let him go smoke more wed
 wow  whats next trump is a closet smoker  or his cabinet owes back taxes  or his wife was given a cush job w no exp wait  thats obama.
 @potus we know u planted old return.  meanszip... all smokeampmirrors 2 divert frm ur collusion. outtahere. 
 only roll backwoods when i smoke my enemies 
 i love when anyone speaks out against trmp and he tweets about how much their career is failing. like dude @snoopdogg still smokes erryday.
 get this smoke in 8ball
 @drudgereport hemp would be a great idea
 @beckyllopez80 @benpearcedj @realdonaldtrump @snoopdogg i think becky may be smoking a wee bit too much ganja.
 the air is fresh  the weed is great. id say im one happy camper  
 wmu house crawl on the same day as hashbash soo get wasted with sloppy freshmen or smoke with cool stranger stoners. easy choice lol 
 @potus @snoopdogg a 45yr old named snoop dogg who dresses like a ghetto teenager  smoke weed  raps bout hos calls some1 else a clown
 rt if you dont smoke and have no clue what the difference is  
 i thought he only smoked papers.. my whole life has been a lie 
 lol of course not. another smokescreen by 45 and his administration. 
 who offers their friends boyfriend head for weed
 i think sessions must have been stoned to the bone when he called marijuana nearly as deadly as heroin. @petersagal
 mitch and i just booked our condo in gatlinburg for my spring break and im so excited for a relaxing few days in the smokeys 
 when you forgot that you have a meeting with your professor today but you put on your marijuana socks 
 i spent 3 days in denver and i still cant get the smell of weed out of my nose.
 cant wait to be one of those old men who sit at the exxon in farmersville and smoke all day
 i hate weed and think its disgusting. but sessions obsession with it is bizarre
 forgot my weed in mari car 
 snoop dogg chilling on like 150 mill smoking weed and doing whatever he wants everyday  if thats a failing career sign me up
 i bet the weed man fucked his girl back in the day 
 now is the time for medicinal cannabis 
 theyre having a little argument about whos a smoker  oh  dear.  the world must stop for that.  i  myself  have never  ever smoked.
 happy weedsday
 agenda for treasurer john chiangs third cannabis banking group meeting. @johnchiangca @caboenews @calftb 
 one of my favorite dishes @ smoke amp duck sauce 
 mediation  conversation amp a little marijuana. 
 mr. guillen just told me hes glad i dont smoke cigarettes 
 i love my weed man. he coming to my wedding
 big ass smoke session tonight in the boro @ 930 hmu
 a real smoker enjoy the rage 
 @snoopdogg smoke this man up one time  cause he wilding 
 had griot for lunch and now i sound like smokeys car when he couldnt stop it from moving
 cold smoke is my new favorite meeting location. mymontanalife home meetings @ cold smoke 
 im a hell of a smoker and a bit of a drinker
 spent 2 zips of weed on one fucking sweater
 @tonynash22 @realdonaldtrump clown snoop amp his weed bravery ignorant 50 yr old clown 
 @whycee53 @rapspotlights 50 yr old clown snoop is failing his bravery is slipping as the weed run out      secret service 
 @sketchyfruntz i had you at weed lol
 honestly i feel like lavar ball would smoke charles barkley in a 1 on 1 
 this old man smoking weed was talking to me at the beach. what a time to be alive.
 lol my mte teacher always takes breaks in between class to go outside and smoke a cigarette
 happy weedsday yall
 i have to give a 5 minute speech about weed for my speech class 
 @incomparableb smoke some weed
 happy birthday to my two brothers when you smell the smoke in the air  know that its me 
 the chain smokers will never fail
 what a fucking moron. i know plenty of pot heads and weed is nothing like heroine. alternativefacts 
 every time i see an older person wearinga mampm racing jacket i assume they smoke crack.
 hmu got 2 strains if some medical kush this kush is amazing yall gotta smoke some hmu 
 today we urged the house judiciary committee 2 reduce marijuana possession penalties. our press release  alpolitics
 early mothers day gift idea for tobacco smokers such as myself 
 @ochocinco next time youre in nyc will you smoke a cigar with me at a lounge
 @realdonaldtrump    unless youre going to roll back the robots  youre just blowing smoke up their asses. 
 dotw is red smoke and has @the86co @fordsgin infused with cranberry  then @campari and vermouth and finished with 
 called my mom she said im looking for some good weed in maryland  love her shes the best
 i only smoked weed because he couldnt. i made the sacrifice and picked up the slack for him.
 cant fill all those forprofit prisons unless we crack down on those evil weed smokers. next up gulags. russians 
 people dream big... but they start drinking beer  and smoking weed. they do that more than they dream. getserious
 people dream big... but then they start drinking beer  and smoking weed. they do that more than they dream. getserious
 people dream big... but then they start drinking beer  and smoking weed. they do that more than they dream. youre not serious getserious
 he just plain lies about weed 
 co leaders unite in defense of marijuana  wellnesswednesday mapoli @canopyboulder 
 why are people so stupid about my bebdaddy @snoopdogg  all over this trump shit no ones dying from smoking weed 
 @samsonbrody weed def helps i just wanted something to knock me on my ass lol
 if im being completely honest  ive enjoyed getting in the weeds on @fellowshipone data conversions this week. imissbeingcustomerfacing
 out here with these squares im tryna do ratchet shit like smoke weed n get fucked up
 @bosskayyy we love to get high we love to smoke weed.. 
 can you smoke in gas monkey before i roll up all this pine
 gorgeous day at weedon island preserve with cocolocobean. made me very sad to think of all the 
 my sister pointed out that smoker has a hole in his butt but...theres nothing to put there
 my cousin visited for 2 days and all we did was smoke lol 
 @realdonaldtrump @snoopdogg he smokes weed man. @jeffsessions
 boowilliams of the saints is the creator of cannabis education in the nfl 
 pretty sure their is nothing less attractive than people blowing smoke out their nose
 it really bothers me that alchohol is more socially accepted than marijuana. you cant compare the two. its fucked
 @thatdickscott bro i knew people that worked at the fort wayne one. nobody ever came in so they just smoked pot
 some of my most favorite people are smokers
 we hope youre getting ready for the event with @olivasilverfox   t  7 days @ smokers haven 
 i guess they think its spring time. love how they each have their own chair. @ smoketree mhc llc 
 holy smoke this dude rocks 
 need cigars work2do @ st smoke shop 
 happy birthday sexi lexi smoke a fat one for me @xoalexaox15
 @gwynethpaltrow so i assume you no longer smoke......
 most marijuana smokers respect earth a little bit more than the average drinker  who has no shame littering countless beer cans.
 the chain smokers are coming on the 25th 
 @realdonaldtrump @snoopdogg im more concerned with his doggies smoke exposure and wheres @marthastewart  
 house full of gas cus its majority smokers in here  
 @snoopdogg smoke off
 the children of men are a deceit. weigh them in the scales  and they rise   they are lighter than a puff of smoke.
 @linklinkerson oh im sorry are you a smoke detector thats what i thought beeeep
 he ddnt start smokin weed til after he got accepted to cal state northridge ima have tears at the graduation
 im so happy i dont smoke cigarettes
 i cant believe steve irwin fucking smoked himself
 .@gurkhacigars black rose a big smoke for humpday cigar cigarlife cigars 
 a little rain and we get a ton of weeds 
 woman weed amp weather therecipe
 now is not the time for this lineup  fran. holy smokes.
 i love marijuana more than i love the average human.
 i love marijuana
 i love it when someone complains about weed smoke while smoking a cigarette lol
 y do people assume i smoke weed im a good girl i have never done such a thing as that
 i love smoking weed 
 you dumbasses out there taking tylenols and shit yall cant even pronounce for a headache when weed was the first analgesic. say weed.
 brenda you put weed.. in the brownies..
 little weed never hurt nobody
 may ill be chilling in la smoking some dank ass weed 
 you prob smoke backwoods 
 cause your the cigarette and im smoker
 i got two jobs. one for the rent and one for the weed. 
 oh i forgot @hillcopeland is part of that group now too because shes a weed smoker. my bad. 
 just smoke and get fucked 
 @pirateron @michaelalexnder @gbrldown @imaniraeleen @beckyjizelle @kingkeyonce @tinatbh @bbyjulzz holy shit weed forget how to be sober
 that shift holy smokes
 she still inhaled that smoke im impressed and proud of her thats black excellence 
 @huliojuliog that government weed is taking those scientists straight to pluto man
 tell sessions to add the oxytocin hes clearly taking to that list. marijuana worse than heroine in what world 
 cause youre the cigarette and im the smoker
 the only thing louder than the weed in san francisco is the sea lions 
 when will @buzzfeed smoke me out
 yall know lebron done smoked some weed before 
 im smoking pot while you smoke weed.
 19. is you a smoker or drinker
 cigarette smokers are so unattractive bruh that shit gross  and it has an atrocious smell 
 this dead ass a weed friendly state 
 watching inlikeflint. never smoked  but always wanted his lighter. 83 gadgets. 84 if you want to light a cigarette...
 @amysweezey confirm low 40s. bike ride soon. yes its cold  but have my warm clothes. smell smoke. @marchmadness in @citybeautiful after. 
 @snoopdogg snoop get your facts right. all that crying about cops killing people and people being jailed for weed was your boy obama
 @kimdotcom yes. prince bandar used to bring cuban cigars so he and bush could smoke together when he was ambassador to washington d.c.
 @jojoh888 @snoopdogg snoop smokes so much reefer he may not remember
 god this one time we got so high on the reefer we went to the diner and then wendys to compare milkshakes and french fries.
 lavar ball smokes ball of course
 a guy just said that dabbing in weed terms in coughing from smoking too much weed... me as a stoner  should know the guy
 if you see a guy loitering at smokey corner of wendover amp providence  looking punchdrunk with his nose in the air  probably @andrewdunn
 .@cristinalaila1 he amp so called uncle @snoopdogg are just hateful and jealous. all that weed has so reduced them both. thats what thc does.
 joanna krupa is a smoke show and shes in gronks new movie 
 i need me a women. regular  respectful  women of god. marijuana smoker. an she cant be about this social media life shit an doing it for em
 stoners will have to drive into the city to buy their weed.  
 who want smoke in basketball 
 cuz they smoke reggie and we smoke gas 
 factsaboutme i love smoking weed
 how does ew smokings disgusting help any smoker quit smokingsome of the best people in the world smoke.thanks for being another hcrit.
 i dont understand how yall can smoke regular dutches .. once i started smoking leafs amp backwoods i started to hate regular dutches 
 @immigrant4trump the only clown i see is the moron holding the gun...the same dope who smoked dope with barry in the wh..prob coke too..
 when do you unlock dank marijuana seeds in stardew valley   @concernedape
 when are dank marijuana seeds unlocked in stardew valley @concernedape 
 if you love weed but hate poor people hmu
 if you love weed but hate poor people  hmu
 lighting stog after stog  choke on the smoke  they tell me to quit dont listen to what im told...
 when is the dank marijuana seed update coming to stardew valley @concernedape 
 the outside of oak hill hospital wreaks of weed omg
 attention pot smokers. jeff sessions will imprison you for years for smoking a joint but committing perjury thats no biggie.
 @itsdanbull a smoker  and we can get you the help you need. dont worry. 
 lamb leg off of the leroyandlewis smoker with @conantnyc @ luck reunion 
 so basically  i am anthony bourdain  minus the cooking skills and i cant afford coke  weed  or vacations 
 the weed man out here bought brie and tyanna a bottle for their birthdays. if he dont buy me one ima have my little brothers rob him 
 dont fret if you forgot your weed today  theres enough by the smell of it on this bus to go around springbreak
 @voxdotcom all i know is my 30ct hydrocodone for arthritis lasts a year and my excessive nsaid use down 50 thanks 2 cannabis
 every time i smoke a joint with @snoopdogg we come up with the most hilarious ideas. love it ilovedogs
 well i decided it was a good idea to smoke yesterday came home and ate about 5 pieces of pizza and about 10 wings so yeah i hate myself
 meditation  conversation  and a lil marijuana
 im having to much fun out here in cali beautiful weed and beautiful women you cant go wrong
 amp you know i hate weed smokers lolol 
 if your lungs are strong enough to smoke personal backwoods on a regular youre a mutant
 the only thing i love is my drank ampamp weed
 tbt to doing some weed witchery near a cop car  @ north beach  san francisco 
 .@drsanjaygupta  much useful about marijuana. but dont overlook this will smokers of it escape copd doubt it. holes in lungs are holes
 a quarter of us beer drinkers have switched to marijuana or would if it was legal  
 how does one sit and smoke threeefour cigarettes right after another 
 @alkalinesky @mikalucy1 @kaivanshroff  wed like weed in florida  please. just to disgust the trumpers.
 happy troll day here i come i want your weed now 
 ottawaglandorf girls basketball ends their season 271. led in scoring by kadie hempfling. @ogtitansjs
 @sagerosenfels18 @raidertim305 he does not receive any kick backs from the marijuana industry yet.  he does from pharmaceuticals.
 hes getting 16 years read the article rt @blackmom but niggas servin 20 years for a bag of weed im disgusted 
 these people in the barber shop talking about how theyd smoke a pack of joints a day
 the rabbi and the atheist are clearly proficient pot smokers 
 happy smoker  
 ex smoker now drinker 
 forgot my weed again. fuckkkkkkkk. sxsw
 pro  love  an happy smoker 
 real life bout to start smacking cigarettes outta peoples hands who smoke in non smoking areas on campus
 strainz @silversttrd @honuinc form partnership to produce leading marijuana brands in nevada...  via @yahoofinance
 i wish there was an academic confession where i could be absolved of smoking weed before class and pretending to understand whats going on
 lmaoo damn toom yall had the pregame smoke @avitoomer 
 happyhour cheers smokehousehhi @ the smokehouse 
 im salty raven work 2nd shift i dont be having nobody to smoke with
 @dre2nine @ijoug im busy not doing shit and jeffrey cant smoke
 who want some smoke in 8ball 
 smoking that gas you smoke that mid
 taking a break from clearing snow amp enjoying 1 of my all time favorite smokes the cigar is as good as the story beh 
 i can smell 5 different strands of weed right now. san francisco is the ultimate hippy town. 
 @coachingchanges my weed dealers sister babysits frans kids  and theyre saying ia asst. andrew francis is being heavily pursued by by lsu
 who are the chain smokers and why does white america keep trying to make me care
 i wanna smoke a backwoods in the backwoods while im rolling another backwoods
 manolo quesada does it again. great smoke  rich in flavor @quesadacigars 
 victory cigar allowed to be smoked only to celebrate great accomplishments or moments of joy 
 @benkissel lets make no mistake. jeff sessions stern take on marijuana is directly linked to paid prisons. reefermadness2017
 jazz backups getting smoked utaatcle
 my brother came up to me and handed me a big nug of weed for no reason   i love my brother 
 lol girls will do anything if they know theyre on barstool smokeshows snapchat.
 this mang up at the store beggin his mommy for some weed socks
 all these snacks but no weed
 getting ready to smoke this moon rock 
 probably aint the best idea to smoke with my trash memory
 ima ball up in a bit then smoke one with the homie. today will end good
 @jltf   the weed without the thc...in an oil form specific for anxiety..jaydens juice
 where them gas smokers 
 just picked up that top shelf dank  who tryna smoke  
 me starts coughing man it hurtssss matthew thats what happens when you smoke crack 
 the gas station in boonsboro must think im a chain smoker because my mom has me get her two packs of cigarettes a day.
 my throat hurts too bad to smoke my vape the last sentence i heard before having one less person i consider a friend
 i am loling so hard right now  im watching something about smokey the bear and they tried passing off a pomeranian puppy as a bear 
 @bigalfishes @prranch wed golf well together. assuming you like to drink beer and smoke a cigar while you golf.
 love that we compensate a smokers urge to smoke  but i cant buy a friggin pee break.
 so tell me why someone fucking called hr on our team and said we be smoking weed and snorting powder lmao
 shes a smoker theyre both drinkers.  @meretaylor17 
 the fact that shanna can tell which employees smoke weed is hilarious 
 @satilitez already smoked one
 hungry smoke a backwoods
 i have no idea why  but i just remembered 18 year old me being really into some guy..then he told me that smoking weed turned him of....
 @boomer4568 i can get down with ash weedsday. 
 i have no idea why  but i just remembered 18 year old me being really into some guy..then he told me that smoking weed turned him of....
 got my weed flushed down the toilet. happy birthday to me
 peter piper picked the stems out of the weed
 now i know why im a pack sometimes more a day smoker
 @snoopdogg @marthastewart loved your show  video insults me. will never watch again...good luck weed head.
 my manager is bribing me with weed to stay til close omg if he dont goneee
 chain smokers closer is a banger lowkey 
 taylor  from cali. wanted some good weed. i said i not from here. he said thats why he asked me. it was obvious saltlakecity
 @schwarzenegger im so conflictedarnold is my idol growing up  but how can he drive a humvee amp smoke cigars amp be a 
 been an avid weed smoker for 8 years  amp never have i owned or carried a grinder.. forever le sighing about breaking up weed  whycanti
 my baby at the weed shop gave me dummy weed. i love her
 fuck i am very close to a packaday smoker. fuck shit. terrible.
 @badhopper are you a cigar amp beer guy if so you dallas area guys  @gwtbrandon should hook up for some beer and smokes.
 bri called me and listened to me vent and smoke for 20 minutes what would i do without her
 always have youre weedies 
 the i love weed smoker and the shit on my tongue one lmaoo 
 what kinda weed men 
 im a big smoker  im a little drinker.
 smoking that gas  u smoke the mid
 i just want to smoke and vent.
 mysteriesatthemuseum so funny i knew the real smokey the bear story back when i was like 6 or 40 years ago.matm
 its the weed mans birthday today 
 love when my man wakes me up to smoke
 but then a muslim suicide bomber walked in  but surprise  smoked the bong  forgot the bomb  
 in my head stoned correlates directly to weed...
 ltmeohmygt at the end of the day its smokers that keep the hospitals running
 except for the weed part. theyre exaggerating it cuz she was smoking reggie
 im moving to oregon cuz jinnie lives there and they have like weed stores or whatever
 @jaythejetplane @dray10 they got weed trucks doing 2 for 10 and edibles near 6th but good luck white will fwu someone asked me
 i cant spell sober im a smoker 
 @jamesschrand  active smoke ball. black powder hurts. thankfuladjective pleased an relieved
 why do women smokers mouths always look so drawn and dead 
 happy smoke fatties day 
 everyone on our crew smoke so we blowing down the work truck 5 deep
 another day not using algebra lol.  ...youre breaking up your pound o weed to oz amp then breaking it up further to max returns. maff
 happy birthday biotch @jilllyyb smoke it up amp ya bday will come supppppa fast next year. cant believe ur already 17
 love being called a  filthy spic who never thinks of anyone other than himself and smokes pot all day and is never home love you too mom 
 gas all i smoke 
 still blowin thick smoke as you powder ya nose
 still blowin thick smoke while you powder ya nose
 a thread...about why people smoke. 
 lmaoo or youre a beginning smoker  
 deb  you should smoke some green for saint pattys day since you cant smell anything @jasonanddeb
 when you get lit at 420 but the weed is too dank. masseffectandromeda 
 this weed. warm weather. amp the love from the homies on my music shit got me feeling like myself again.  
 one building is structural sound  but has a lot of damage smoke  water. other buildings are currently being inspec 
 its 1045am and the vuvuzelas  green beer and facepaint  and weed are out in full form already.
 patrick stewart reveals he has been taking medicinal marijuana daily for years to treat severe arthritis 
 wot in smoke inhalation 
 @iseegreene im just waiting for an explosion  and dont get me started on people that smoke while pumping gas.
 i would say same but blank face  malibu  layers amp dont smoke rock came out last year 
 still blowing thick smoke while you powder ya nose 
 happy st patricks day new inventory update hemp hookahzz cbd is here for ya at smokers choice 10 off purch 
 obama smoked weed growing up  and now look where he is today... unemployed with two kids and recently evicted. leavethemwithalaugh
 im really not a drinker ..my family is i smoke so much dope and be fine 
 trucking school take one  alright hon  back it up. as he steps away for a smoke break  
 happy birthday sexy  its your day alllllll mf day man  can u smoke yet   @xshayybloodd
 i dont think theres anything i have a genuine love for more than weed
 fool my roommate on my side of the apartment real live smoke cigarettes
 be a hand member  skip amp sell weed... girls love that 
 @linda4senate also  please keep your bullshit marijuana legislation out of ar too. you clearly have no clue what youre talking about.
 plot twist me @ mom can i get these cool marijuana socks mom yeah me nvm theyre too expensive
 have a heartofgold and gogreen4patricksday love from the cannabis clan @djwarrenyoung @kushamerica @gma 
 i hate when people complain about not having money for food but can somehow buy weed and rave tickets
 happy st. patricks day. i aint irish but im trynna smoke some green to celebrate 
 i say weed in one tweet and this happens 
 very happy weeding anniversary to dear children   god bless both . 
 @lakers @spectrumsn @spectdeportes if clarkson starts we are getting smoked by 20 yet again
 dont smoke rock was my favorite project of 2016
 quinten called pat who is a father figure to him to wish him a happy birthday and goes well smoke a fat joint together  ok hahahaha
 @doodooramone this guy has never smoked pot once 
 @murderthegoon because there misinformed about weed
 happy st patricks day smoke up
 saint patricks day or marijuana day 
 @shampoovta not until they can monetize duis for marijuana. then the cops will be all for legalization. happy saint patricks day
 you know its a nice day in downtown erie when you hear all the weedwhacker bikes out
 confused about cannabis chemistry get the facts cbga the mother of cannabinoids  @surfinchef61 @cannacon
 i was buyin a dutch at the liquor  the cashier said..its friday... get you some weed  beer and pussy lmao 
 @dukersen69 @urmomsfavtundra with the under glow and the smoke stack me too hopefully my bike doesnt give off to much pollution
 san francisco smells like homeless people and weed
 only girl you know that smokes cigars 
 37 one injection of marijuana will kill you 
 get your bourbon cigar at smokeampbones woodshed   rincon  ga in time to celebrate st. pattys day 
 all i smoke is gas
 now everybody smoke moon rock  yea they making that shit themselves and waxing yall dumbass 25 a g that aint no damn moon rock 
 @randytuggle @ghostrider49th @newsyvideos hey guys we need to all get together amp smoke till we choke 
 with cheap champagne and expensive weed  at home at 6 
 this is the stupidest thing evr  new san francisco gym will allow members to smoke pot while working out  la times 
 i always smell weed in public  then i remember i stashed it in my bra smh lol
 i love how my mom just jokes around with me about how much weed i smoke. shes v against weed but shes grown to understand its who i am
 thats what she get for being a cigarette smoker 
 whether corned of smoked a brisket is a brisket  and must be treated with love happy saint 
 someone give me a ride to pasadena get smoked out and gets gas.
 @npr  its called smoke screen
 i dont know why i love men who smoke so much theyre so sexy cigarette smokers nomanreedus 
 im moving back home the weed men all in my family
 my coworker always having a function .. he talking about a st.patricks day smoke out 
 this guy is so obsessed with getting weed
 cute date idea get big slurpees and go chain smoke in a park.
 that stoner thread was trash lmfao  im gone make a real one after i smoke this wood
 me and damon used to smoke that grade a ganja right off the stick for free everyday all day
 blowing thick smoke while i powder my nose
 @flow2cool yesssss lol i would ask you to smoke but you a northsider 
 a quarter of us beer drinkers have switched to marijuana or would if it was legal  via @qz
 this @metra train reeks of weed lol. happy friday. somebody is having a good start to the weekend. 
 proper  drinking an alter ego by @treehousebrewco @ b.t.s smokehouse   
 @thickgoddesss lol everyone smokes on 420
 you said weed happy st. patricks day 
 all i smoke is gas
 she said its ok if youre shy just smoke some weed youll be fine 
 stoge after stoge i choke on the smoke they tell me to quit  dont understand what im told  they help me forget that this world is so cold.
 why drink when you can be green and smoke some weed because hangovers are gross 
 i saw stoned and thought that they smoked my by out but they literally stoned him with rocks smh 
 im a true smoker lol.
 luxury cannabis brand gross 2017
 proper  drinking an alter ego by @treehousebrewco @ b.t.s smokehouse    photo
 my day consists of so much  i be needing these smoke breaks lol
 @mrogan updatei saw parents of children more blacked out than i could fathom. i met up with people. the earth is still flat and weed is ok
 bruh the weed man trappin out the old folks home 
 when im sober i get depressed sadmad i think about all the fucked up shit that i been through so believe me when i say all i do is smoke
 dont drink and drive smoke and fly said the guy in front of me buying a cigar he was gonna fill w weed at quickchek. no one even smiled
 lol its marijuana dumbass never gets old stpatricksday livepd
 this why i cannot depend on dray ass. he cannot be trusted with your weed 
 moar smokes  @ fair oaks cigars in peoria  az 
 what if you ranked how good food is on the scale you use for the quality of weed where the more it gets you fucked up the better it is
 goddamn bitch i dont smoke no gas
 @prems his mother probably drand amp smoked dope while she was pregnant with him  brain damaged  fas cause  hes not normal
 do you guys think andrew wheeler always had a shit ton of weed in his backpack i mean the kid carried his books but his backpack was full
 you a young nigga tryna get rich but you smoke weed everyday amp work at the qt. lol oh ok.
 this puerto rico lineup is insane. usa more than likely going to get smoked.
 happy saint patricks make sure to smoke dat green  
 happy st. fattys day if you cant wear it dont worry u can smoke it  
 my favorite thing about concerts is watching people experience the smell of weed for the first time
 a bitch is just tryna breathe outta her damn nose and talk right. i sound like im a chain smoker of 32 years
 patience young grass smoker
 happy green everything day this drink is called liquid marijuana lol happystpatricksday 
 picked weed over your girl. smart choice 
 lonzo ball smokes mids
 theres so many cute guys and weed on sixth street im alive
 shes a smoker 
 nycs newest pandemic  no exaggeration landlord using constant cloud of toxic smoketo evict tenants  suit says 
 big brother coming to smoke one wimmie in the morning 
 i smoked a preroll with moon rock in it and oh boy lmao
 toroymoi @ the weed store 
 i like to smoke with topless women. i ask them to smoke like that every time rt @rosegoldgoddiss i like my titties out 
 all i smoke is gas 
 why do i have freshman on snapchat who still think posting a pint of weed on their story daily earns them a prize
 got to smoke one with my rap mentor  the late biggie smalls  on his old door step in brooklyn. 
 i shouldnt be laughing at the fact i got hit by a car today but i am cause im alive and im about to smoke this j so you know what 
 i think @ladameblanches is my new fav. sick rap from cuba. plus she smokes a cigar in between flute playing while s 
 did my lyft just offer me to smoke
 the tracks of my tears by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 @ledzepization nah get tix to smokers club
 @pindycineda unless you on some shady shit like ryder and big smoke smh
 @morphinedreamzz nah more of smoker than drinker llal n im good glad you are too
 even sky pirates smoke a pipe  of course  ffxiv @ north beach  san francisco 
 my dumbass thought they smoked the flamingo to death 
 january  february izzo april may   yall let me have this for all the haters that thought wed get smoked. 
 moral of the story... not everyone  who smokes weed is your friend.  god bless you guys  amen
 @treezgs @wyominghemp id smoke the weed and throw the beer down the sink
 while getting smoked the man looked at my socks and said why your heal on your ankle 
 ltmeohmygt at the end of the day its smokers that keep the hospitals running
 @gasnobrains with me there is no excuse for a grown ass man or woman to dress fly  have a nice car  party  drink  smoke  fuck etc  but
 thc is god sent  if you dont believe in the power of marijuana and the things it can do to improve your daily life youre soooo sleep
 i had no idea michigan had weed shops.
 if youre over 18 amp still gotta hide the fact tht you smoke frm your parents... youre a nut
 being with you by smokey robinson is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 blowing smoke
 i had no idea morgan freeman smokes pot. love this man...
 only a stoner can smoke out of an apple and not get caught  my sisters 13 year old friend
 women weed and weather 
 come check out the new stock at smokers choice 8002 callaghan rd 
 @lfdcigars chapter 1. always a fine smoke. cigars purocigar @cigarsmoke cigar cigarsmoke 
 meditation  conversation amp a lil marijuana 
 me and shelby got to high yesterday and she forgot the shirt she came to get and i left the weed i brought to smoke 
 the american taxpayer should be on an anti smoke and dont need to be involved changing conditions stick your cigar 
 since nobody wants your help you can continue to tear down smoke stacks we will work on this by ourselves 
 smoke weed and do what you love 
 i love my weed man dawg
 @webergrills wsm god i love this smoker 
 happy birthday  smoke a fat one for me  @louieefacts
 @bensthenewblack ha you gotta at least read the chapter talking about his obsession with marijuana
 my dads nephew just texted me some random weed related shit i didnt understand so i said is this white trash for i want some gas  
 should i smoke a cuban cigar while im in cuba
 do not smoke catnip. have a peaceful weekend  luna the catnip diaries  chapter one.  papa 
 caturday party do not smoke catnip.  sukoshi the catnip diaries  chapter two.  papa 
 happy birthday @pearcegossett  i hope its a gr8 one  smoke the green and drink the poison 
 nobody trying to smoke shop a d eat with me today
 this how alabama fans smoke cigars at kasi cigar lounge  rolltide kasicigarlounge bama cigars atlcigar 
 people on the viceland talking about where they get their weed.  sxdrinks
 a 40 year old smoker just tried to hit on me
 when asked about victims  @snoopdogg responded whos the victim of weldon angelos selling weed sxsw
 god bless smokey 
 moving rock  getting rid of weeds and dead plant. oh amp it is 96 degrees today. spring gardening lol spring yardwork  familytime
 i have gas...... best weed in br facts
 weed did it  cannabisevents official @sxsw panel discussion was a hit   
 @kingmarliedave more often than not its good stuff i here  when a dope smoker miss speaks and i hear it. 
 new jersey things im looking forward to pizza  bagels  no stupid accents  less smokers. not looking forward to snow  cold  thats it.
 my mom and uncle are talking about smoking weed... 
 ill never understand why people smoke black amp milds
 i have nothing against the kids on northwestern  but because of their coach  and their alumni  i hope gonzaga smokes them.
 yea im going to see kong. gone take some weed amp some snacks.
 mainly paranoia and also you can get emphysema from smoking weed which is the main reason i decided to stop cus i l 
 @grownmanballin @tigers i may have to bring a big slab of smoked beefpork and party eh
 @keithallanduh i have a feeling a weed whacker wouldnt be very effective as a z whacker. unless you just clubbed them in the head w 1. 
 @recordsage thanks for the rt. we love helping people that want to become former smokers
 still blowing thick smoke while u powder ur nose
 great time at the softball smoker at the wildcat. good. food great time. 
 im about to drive into knotts parking to smoke hahah
 cornedbeefbrisket cabbage redpotatoes carrots going on the smoker bbqlife no its not a 
 1. free smoke bumpssss
 i could bump free smoke
 free smoke a banger
 its a nice warm shatterday. smoke out of  something refreshing. 
 im just tryna smoke a l amp have a good ass conversation
 why are talking about weed
 why are we talking about weed 
 i damn near became a stoner last summer i dont think it was a single day i didnt smoke 
 omg this hotel gave us stuff to vape with there so marijuana friendly here  hey hey denver 
 this is a great mouthwash that after i smoke a cigar during my breaks but being professional at 
 i hate bein sober im a smoker drink molly water
 my pops is making brownies i told him lets put some weed in it he damn near smirked my curls off my head
 but our men getting sentenced 25 years for a gram of weed  
 so far... free smoke was so good. screaming @drake morelife
 all @kvshhgod do is smoke 
 why do people smoke cigars unroll those a put some weed in there your doing it wrong
 i smoke big gas 
 sacrifice  free smoke  glow amp portland
 free smoke is a banger
 just left pawpawshager srs where he was putting 25lbs of seasoned pork butt in his smoker in prep for 2mrws jacobs well 101 @noon
 free smoke bump
 meditation  conversation and a lil marijuana
 whativelearnedlivinginthecity carry an empty pack of cigs if you bum. smokers take pity on other smokers.
 top 8  free smoke passionfruit gyalchester sacrifices teenage fever lose one  glow since way back
 right now my vibe so alive so pls when we smoke just hush
 great smokes regius cigars @ racine amp larame cigar shop in san diego  ca 
 my mom told me not to post about weed on fb because my uncle has cancer. how do those two things correlate
 young thug i smoke gas  thats that hercules.  me strong marijuana 
 never trust a weed man with no baggies  
 shit smelled terrible  had to smoke twice and boil a whole bottle of fabuloso to clear it out 
 yikes...thugga smoked sacrifices....                               morelife
 if he plays i have a good feeling @bowdo83 makes the cut in puerto rico next week. please smoke tommy two gloves.
 red carpet ready at the isom wedding isomonthecake @ the weeden 
 i just want a smoke  a milkshake  and to listen to my podcasts
 its that time...granpuro punch @ smokey joes cigar lounge and sports bar 
 i love taking weed virginities lol its so empowering and i wanna do it again soon
 @sarahpalinusa ooooo coowal gee wilikers hokie smokes wow not so sad
 a little marijuana never hurt nobody
 i dont smoke weed  i smoke clowns like you on the ball courts  @ 
 so much fun getting to check out my cousins smoke shop happy clouds amp be at their party 
 blowing that good smoke 
 i smoke gas on the daily  i be forgetting if im high 
 dont worry about the non handshake  people. its all smoke and mirrors. just another distraction.
 yo lil ass slow yall beat them twice regular season and they came and smoked yall ass yall aint see it comin 
 im a hell of a smoker  and a bit of a drinker
 i love  weed
 sacrifices or free smoke. i cant decide 
 i have no sympathy for people who constantly complain they have no money but when they do they spend it all on weed 
 i have fetish for smokers.  i know its gross to most i find it so incredibly hot  like it brings a idgaf bout life 
 wtf jimi hendrixs family sues his brother over cannabis product 
 wtf jimi hendrixs family sues his brother over cannabis product 
 greatful dead pink floyd and good conversation with good weed.... pizza
 i see you cutch that ball was smoked  63 good guys
 very good. full and ripe. good vanilla  nice smoke  and just damn tasty... bolshevik bastard 
 yes  im wearing weed socks under these kneehighs...
 uses my inhaler so i can smoke a cigarette
 i love smokey robinson
 @wolfhailsss you need to start doing this bc you always be dropping  the weed  
 meditation  conversation  and a little marijuana.
 holy smokes @corywong was amazing. kfest2017 @ michigan technological university 
 i used to love working security  my reliever would come when my shift was over amp wed smoke before he called to clock in.
 finna smoke this gas and chill back 
 forreal if you know a joeylo ..he makes music too ..i forgot my weed in his bomber
 when my roommate is grinding up his weed in the room 
 happy  late  birthday you og @derekjakubiak7  smoke a pack of woods for me 
 i forgot i had weed in my sock 
 trappin  slangin marijuana  ima real trapper i do what i wanna  
 this lady is a chain smoker and i cant deal
 passionfruit and free smoke are the ones
 im tryna smoke or drink today but i prolly should do neither
 tequila shots at a smokers bar will do ya in
 bitch niggaz dont want no smoke wit lil tim tho facts scary ahh niggaz free
 why nobody want galore to smoke 
 every smoker ever omg 
 a ton of great smokes made by many of my friends  
 i should google why men smoke cigars when  a baby is born.
 @bartsi how 1722 live to me then portland  sacrifices  free smoke  gyalchester...
 @snoopdogg youre how old and  create a vid killin the pres. still talk sht about women. fb feed is all about weed. loser dork4life 
 im a smoker  not a drinker
 why thugga smoked aubrey on sacrifices
 ok... free smoke is a banger
 3. take that  put it your pipe amp smoke it mr. 45 about how other nations nato contributions compare to us
 how come its not a healthissue for taxi drivers when they smoke in their cars @nystateofhealth
 @nytfood all prohibitionists lies have been exposed and yet congress ignores the jobs cannabis industry wunlimited growth provides
 come check out smokers choice 8002 callaghan rd suite 103 78230 san antonio tx open 12 to 8 today 
 dont worry  if you see smoke coming from my house its just my bracket burning. 
 sandwichoftheday smoked chicken salad w lettuce amp tomato on sourdough. beeroftheday @societebrewing harlot belgian extra pale
 an old man sitting in front of me at church has marijuana leaves on his socks and idk if he knows what they are 
 little weed never hurt nobody      thats a fact
 why do rappers always smoke the skimpiest backwoods. smh.
 pop me a perk an smoke on a wood  im good .
 its in the coffe pot  you smoke pot. 
 @imdrw you know how theres that hardcore smoker who always has a carton  plus a fancy case and butane lighter im that coffee drinker
 omerta the code  met ball  parties with vogue. still blowing thick smoke  while you powder your 
 marijuana  cannabis  bud  weed  kitchen  bedroom essential oil diffuser. reduce odors from cigarettes  cooking  
 i would love to smoke some tree watch family guy and call it a day
 @iamerizhai son hurt i would have just went smoked a blunt and called my people
 if yen from the trap fuk ya and watt u stand fa thats how i feel who want smoke 
 happy birthday to smokey  seattledogs seattlepets dogcake hounddogcake baconsprinkles 
 chain smoke  
 my weedman is the funniest guy ever. 
 deejah got some gas knowing she not a smoker lol.
 you know dana smoked so much pot before you were born so he knows what hes talking about 
 i only smoke backwoods  
 goddamn i love weed. i love learning about it 2 
 i just saw a grown man walk out of a gas station pretending to smoke a mozzarella cheese stick
 i wanna see man in the high castle but if the french won. everyone forced to smoke cigarettes and start drinking wine by noon
 do you snort pot or smoke it
 stainless bbq griddle gas burner barbecue grill charcoal smoker patio outdoor  
 juke juke   favorite song and smoke   again 
 juanini out here trynna get smoked out amp get fucked lol
 still blowing thick smoke  while you powder ya nose 
 happy birthday @chasegarcia16  smoke up bud 
 i bought pit tickets to @snoopdogg @wizkhalifa and @flatbushzombies   i hope i get to smoke big weeds with one of them
 hmu if you want to get smoked on 8ball
 i dont normally smoke cigars but i cant even drive if i wanted to right now lol this cigar got me woke
 i dont smoke unless im on fire
 @lindathompsonlt oh... em... gee... little eva is so adorable. and  she is growing like a weed. does uncle brody spoil her 
 i love bananas and beer and weed
 same except replace weed with the beach  
 my man has been cooking all day . hes in love w his smoker and grill
 you found a 5 pound brick of weed and called the coast guard to pick it up pussy. 
 rumi was not talking about surrounding ourselves with people who are good at blowing smoke or 
 when college boys returning from spring break in amsterdam are talking about marijuana theyre sneaking back. in fr 
 brandon thought he came up w thewhat do fish smokejoke but instead of seaweed bein the answer he said seagarettes ampthis is y i love him
 yo  weed  soup  donald duck orange juice no pulp   sex   cough drops   amp warm ass blankets would be lovely right now
 happy birthday girll smoke lots of blunts 
 i love smoking weed idgaf
 gas all i smoke
 are you doin anything are you the weed rollup man are you passin out cookies you offer nothing but bs get the he 
 it might be the weed talking  but i feel like life is just constantly trying to swim to distant tiny islands of happiness  mannnnnnnnnnnn.
 dana has done an amazing job with some smoke amp mirrors. none of our players except bell elite level defenders.  hes really done a nice job.
 my cat wants to talk and i want to watch twd...   oh gee smokey. twd
 @carmandria congrats to you i smoked 2pks marb a day for 45 years. may 1st it will be 6 years. vapingsavedmylife
 except weed smoke 
 @trystans @jesseebarness @beefxholiday @tjwurtz no where in here did i ever say smoke cigs intact just the opposite.
 you smoke rocks 
 @jayrosennyu @metaquest so if you want to be picked as a reporter blow smoke ...... @realdonaldtrump
 @saityskid @rondogang fagsburnt alive for natural instinctscigarettespoison designed for addiction dease caner idgaf smoked o get smoked
 chain smoker.  studio version amp arsenio performance 
 if i smoke more pot  you guys are goners
 cannabis infused cuisine i love cooking with cannabis my shrimp zucchini mushroom cannabis 
 chain smoker 
 forgot how peaceful solo smoke sessions can be
 someone is deadass smoking weed in this building  coming through the vents and shit 
 mfs that smoke cigarettes are disgusting
 chain smoker  you song and prom night 
 still blowing thick smoke while you powder your nose 
 i smoke the strongest gas you can buy
 all i smoke is gas  
 after guy fieri smokehouse  before  jimi hendrix experience. such a 
 i just smoked a blunt with a 70 year old woman
 @shelocdup deffly noti just love my weed more
 @davidcorndc why dont we vet presidential candidates and then have hearings as we do with cabinet appointees to weed out the liars
 gas is too expensive to smoke
 ima just smoke this and be happy
 is it bad that i smoke weed because it helps me feel happy and not suicidal
 @jordenlehman happy mf birthday lehman hope its good hmu when you back to smoke again
 river you guys are crazy stoners as shes grinding weed
 chain smoker 
 @thesagerbomb smoked in bills style  haunted as balls hope its like scary movie not the shining
 i smoke with my moms twice a week 
 yall talking about weed and money im taking about building my life 
 try to smoke you some good gass 
 i swear nobody would know i was a pole smoker if i never talked 
 i love it when the weed does its job 
 @healthythings1 @farmacyvictoria yes i do im are epileptic the fact that i dont wanna bottles of pills given to meamp believe in medi weed
 @emileebaroner gotten multiple complaints from neighbors and i dont even smoke yet i just picked up 20 cig butts outside our apartment
 @brunopresents blem  glow  free smoke and do not disturb. havent listened it enough to pick a favorite out.
 clemson still smokes mid incase yall forgot
 i smoke dat gas on da daily   um talking bout dooley smoke 
 oh look  a month till weed day. not my birthday or anything. just weed.
 if she loves weed  butt stuff and has slightly lesbian tendencies. 
 im tired of buying dry ass blunt raps from the smoke shop
 particularly a weed friendly environment.
 me  backwoods amp hella weed
 chain smoker 
 i do love me some weed and rap music
 why do people who drink alcohol feel its okay to call smokers gross i feel the same way about drinkers   bitch u ruining ur other organ
 @repadamschiff use fake smoke to create a stampede that allows media to assume.  you believe were that dumb to not see through the effort.
 chain smoker  
 top 5 songs from more life free smoke  passionfruit  sacrifices  glow  and ice melts
 about time in my college experience that i do a paper on the marijuana industry
 the beginning of the end of the @bfgoodrichtires old smoke stacks. akron 
 i just want to ride bikes today  and smoke  and eat good 
 lorrie lit a cigarette and smiled and waved the smoke out of her face
 its 2017 and yall still paying for weed 
 this is what happens to you idiot smokers lmao
 jesus rides beside me  he never buys any smokes.
 so far on more life free smoke bumped a lil  barely remember the 2nd track  passionfruit was some pop radio vibes  now some house music vibe
 lunchtimelisten a poacast. @utturfweeds discusses poaday and numerous other weedy topics. 
 that vine of the guy using his inhaler to smoke is me
 @1010xllauren thought you meant these cubans.  never struck me as a cigar smoker. 
 i made her smoke that gas
 if you wear any article of clothing that has anything to do with smoking weed on it youre a square
 thought for the day.. where we only weeds  god sees a beautiful garden. happy first day of springand  keepsmiling 
 im the opposite. i can rap amp cant smoke. 
 your mcm smokes cigarette butts outta public ashtrays.
 happy birthday hope u have a great day lets smoke @andrewhalf
 chain smoker 
 happy first day of spring  todays daily feature is crema base with grana padano  smoked 
 how do i always end up walking behind a smoker
 chain smoker 
 smoking balonga with his high tex smoker lol unckle sean @ halifax  pennsylvania 
 neither  but i rather smoke than drink 
 when i smoked weed  before it was cool  i was looked at as a bad person by all the current pot smokers. sad
 my 12 year old sister said she cant wait to be old enough to smoke weed
 said he wanted to smoke hernandez lol so he let it ride
 yes. rt @thekelektiv whats your weed of choice  do you prefer a head high or a body high  
 hitler the best weed man ever he gave mfs real gas 
 lighting stog after stog  choke on the smoke they tell me to quit  dont listen what im told
 who can deliver some weed im paying good lol
 on cigarette smoke vs pot  chase surely you can understand how little sense it makes to criminalize one behavior and permit the other.
 @vintagecultura honestly could be sacrifices. i like free smoke  glow and teenage fever. you
 my mcm sits on the counter amp smokes with me while im in the bathroom lol
 @brandonrittiman @nexton9news @senbennetco of course the only reason he lives here is access to good weed..dude sounds stoned all the time
 two people sent to hospital for smoke inhalation after fire in fenton township. 
 @thechicoazul well believe because its happening on thurs. too much smoke in this fire to think otherwise. this aint the kings dock here.
 free smoke is a banger
  nobodys safe @dylanroto  airhorn @ the smokers den 
 chain smoker 
 a good cuban cigar closes the door to the vulgarities of the world.by the cigars they smoke  and 
 brother ohh so you put the weed in the pot and grow it and then smoke the pot 
 i love coming to denver  the only thing you smell is marijuana
 dont smoke rock is rap album of the year so far.
 by the cigars they smoke amp the composers they love ye shall know the texture of mens  souls @habanosoficial 
 chain smoker  
 free smoke bumps
 please  who gave drake sk to smoke  god bless you 
 the chain smokers suck some serious cock
 lol i just like to smoke gas  
 @thagoonez its so hard to have the weed man here come diliver even when u offer gas money
 i love coming home to the smell of dank weed 
 chain smoker 
 free smoke bumps  
 my coworkers left me to go smoke and of course that is the time that a printer starts printing when im the only one here wtf sos
 @1k960529 free smoke is so good. also portland  glow  passionfruit  blem  madiba riddim  and teenage fever 
 ill never be a weed head but shit i love being high 
 cuz weed rt @ampaveli why would someone put a hot pocket between bread rt @uncletrini fuckin starch sandwich  
 @aches @jkap415 @parasite @mochila @tsmpacman idk what kap smoked in dallas  but there were roles in bo2 100
 @cademorgan if youre selling weed im robbing your dumbass
 holi smokes i think ive finally honed my firebending skills @ augusta university summerville 
 lol i love marijuana
 @mquad07 1.gyalchester  smoke and 3.glow are my jams
 nothing says happy spring like a pretty little weed  happy spring equinox  storks bill  
 chain smoker
 shes lying for twitter likes because i called her to smoke 
 i hate to be that guy promoting marijuana on twitter but somebody has to do it so lol hmu
 themichigandifferance i texted my weed man oe day and he responded in class. never have i got a response like that from my weed man 
 themichigandifferance i texted my weed man 1 day and he responded in class. never have i got a response like that from my weed man 
 1 in 4 american beer drinkers say theyre switching to marijuana report  saferthanalcohol weed
 slooh smoke meeting @ cuban seed cigar co.  @thecubanseed in west hollywood  ca 
 i will stop bullshitting   slacking   getting drunk constantly   smoke daily   leaving quickly amp avoid the important things ..
 final smoke of the night
 final smoke of the night
 @kylek2121 amp i are getting a puppy tomorrow amp he wants to name it coal  bc it reminds him of rollin coal..its like a ball of black smoke
 youre the cigarette and im the smoker
 if im talking to a guy and all he want to do it smoke he getting cut off 
 what happens to meat inside a smoker altonbrownlive 
 i love the feud between cilia and her daughter in weeds. cilia is a big bitch but damn shes funny.
 i love weed
 girl  i bet you  smoking dem reggies  me  smoke regular weed 
 the tracks of my tears x smokey robinson amp the miracles 
 people defend free speech by clowns like gavinmcinnes by saying sunlight is the best disinfectant  it may be but hate speech is a weed
 i just bought weed from @coolsandal by paying her all in ones  quarters  and two ativans
 @kaykraft11 @holler4sadie me and @kyleholler totally smoked you guys
 patience young grass smoker
 im an alcoholic pot smoker  chances are im not sober
 its only right we smoke usa at the finals
 love a good weed nap 
 yall ever taste some terrible weed amp it turned you off from the whole session yeah i had that experience before 
 i didnt know women were that roached out until i started selling weed a while back. think im suppose be courteous cuz she a woman
 any marijuana connects up
 classy mother fker. smoke one.     tuckertookthat newyorker newyorkers 
 is it too late to start my marijuana dispensary called the bong shelter career path
 i love weed 
 free smoke should just start at 40 seconds in because the intro is atrocious
 @starlifesmoke happy cash day smoke 
 herbicide resistance best management practices a 1page fact sheet developed by weed scientists 
 i like to be alone amp smoke backwoods on my own
 bouta send some smoke on 8ball
 @pirmas697 oh no  u have to do it now. the idea is rolling. when smoke rolls up to your face  have this image of 
 @shaylawillits im already feeling sick from the 3 smokers.  i love you too
 do smokers even realize how disgusting they smell 
 just saw a car smoke a guy on a bike holy shit
 happy birthday b thanks for being my partner in crime. cant wait to smoke with ya  love youuu 
 daily im in love with ganja white night tweet
 man i hope today is a good day rent a movie smoke out the bag
 then preceded to say if you are smoking weed you are killing a child in a class full of pot heads im dead
 reasons denver rocks sunshine  legal weed  craft beer amp @uber delivers puppies uberpuppies  traveltuesday
 i have a new writingacting mentor. an older man that lives in my apt building  chain smokes menthol 100s amp barely speaks above a whisper
 the countdown has started.... i ets in less than 5 months  weed  cocaine  strippers  and amateur rap career coming 
 @liamanderson16 happy birthday u crackhead i fucking love u have a good day my g smoke a fatty later
 should i do my speech over animal testing for makeup or medicinal marijuana
 @mikegianella or weed amp snacks.
 @noelleniche my bad all partys  balls   shendigs  kickbacks  smoke sessions etc
 @modestproposal1 jimmy cayne used to smoke cigars on the elevator while joking that he hoped no one told on him.
 happy birthday @abbyrcr  smoke one for me  
 @ngeiling oh  is he a smoker although just that complaint is a very bad sign.
 champagne papi will always put out that roll one smoke one shit
 my professor in here talking about marijuana 
 btw yes i smoke pot a lot of home grown shit
 i laughed with her smoked gas  with her
 our neighbors smoke so much weed that it comes through the air vents and walls amp now our apartment is so dank i have a headache
 just read a spanish thread... this is some good ass weed 
 took lizett w me to get my car fixed @ the shop amp of course she befriends a homeless gangbanger amp shares a beer amp a smoke w him right away
 hey @dellthedude  need to update my smoker setup. thoughts on pellet smokers depth of smoke might be an issue but like the convenience.
 have you read it or just blowing smoke @realdonaldtrump obamalite 
 the woman who led canadas marijuana task force tells @cknw the legal age should be 18 amp pot should not be sold in liquor stores.  thoughts
 @babymaraa happy birthday cousin  we low key need to smoke some soon cus i miss you have a good one prima 
 @demarcus yes smoke friendly lol
 collegebroke is asking your gmom for 40 to get gas and then secretly using it for beer  liquor amp weed. 
 except when you smoke you gloat
 @randpaul your an idiot and will be replaced your idea of hc is stupid go smoke some pot and enjoy your last 2 years
 i would like a weed bar at my wedding
 beautiful day so imma smoke outside for old times sake
 i remember how you smiled through the smoke in a crowded little coffeehouse and laughed at all my jokes
 i remember how you smiled through the smoke in a crowded little coffeehouse and laughed at all my jokes
 not as many eciggarette smokers in new york right now as i thought thered be. media must have hushed up @senschumera ecig camps
 free smoke is an absolute banger and glow is just gold
 thats what happens when you compare everyone to weed. weed will always win. 
 just ran into a guy my ex used to massage for weed and im happy to say hes definitely possibly coming to my show on saturday
 youre the cigarette and im the smoker
 cause youre the cigarette and im the smoker
 some of yall smoke weed one time and call your selfs stoners
 i smoke away all the tears 
 smoking weed . talking mess . 
 happy birthday brotha  dont smoke too many butts tonight @pepe12587
 lots of smoke around  called 911 to report. its coming from osage county.. but i should call back if i see flames.
 this weed i just got is amazing bruh like fa real sapphiresour shouts to ya grower 
 i would like to smoke some gas
 drakefree smoke 
 so many smokes in pittsburgh jerseys
 one of my roommates just started the most awkward conversations to just ask me if i smoke
 i love taking my pre workout while i smoke some weed right before my training sessions
 non smoker on vapor day 11.75  three reasons why
 im sick so if anyone wanted to smoked wed have to roll our own.
 i get so happy when i buy weed i start dancing nshit lol
 curses upon thee who ruins the lovely rain smell with cigarette smoke
 i dont vent i just smoke it away
 listening to creedenceclearwaterrevival makes me want to drink whiskey in a dark and smokey dive bar. commotion badmoonrising
 update 3 taken to hospital with burns  smoke inhalation 1 in serious condition after colonie apartment fire 
 all i wanted to do was smoke a blunt amp you laggin 
 still blowing thick smoke while u powder your nose
 date idea smoke  drive  bump  munch
 ima happy smoker ctfuu 
 i just really love weed
 happy smoker  
 all yall out here doin weed ruining the streets  
 instead of meditating i smoke a blunt while watching msnbc 
 when a girl who loves to drink falls in love with a boy who loves to smoke 
 esteban inhaled all the smoke after my burnout  @barbozaesteban1
 i really forgot drake and cudi had beef until i heard free smoke again clearly and realized he dissed cudi again lol.
 chris common just picked the god squad in these 8s. im bout to smoke young @gewnzi. 
 dont do drugz...just smoke weed amp get fucked up. issamovie 
 i forgot that ive had this weed brownie in my purse for like 2 weeks lol and now im so stoned i tripped diwn my stairs
 its 2017 and marijuana still has a bad reputation and stigma associated with it. sad.
  one hit wow the weed wakerr between the legs engen  form kool to dam
 two fav parts of beauty and the beast 1 belle gets smoked with a snow ball in the face 2 the princes growl at the very end 
 probably the most number 1  topnotch stoner thing in the world to say   god dammit  i forgot my weed.
 acid rain . pusha man . chain smoker . however this the only tape i really like by him . juke jam is a nice joint t 
 @looneyonfox where theres smoke theres fire.... wth were you talking about lol 
 @mahinalinaa its okay  you can smoke it too 
 id love to smoke enzo
 id love to smoke right now.
 late night smoke drives amp good conversation 
 lost  pusha man  favorite song  cocoa butter kisses  smoke again  chain smoker  the whole fuckin acid rap 
 beating smoke ass in 8 ball 
 i can smoke a whole cig without ashing i should be in guinness
 @cindythaothai @seleenaaa i still think this is a ball of weed
 chain smoker 
 after i smoke this wood im curving out
 always smoked out so shit could be deceiving be careful who you trust
 promo and more chectk out my natitorium that wetere i smoke most my weed bitches stink to so...im hie...shyt.......nigga
 4422  portland sacrifices teenage fever  glow passionfruit fake love gyalchester free smoke no long talks lose you  get it together  @drake
 @realdonaldtrump @thejusticedept clearly god gave mankind the genus cannabis for us it shall be for meat it is not a sin to eat or smoke
 the legalization of weed and the growth of the industry has changed so much of our culture  we are witnessing history guys
 why do you smoke solely because i love the disgusting freezer burnt food flavor of burning tobacco. thats it
 chain smoker 
 @gregtthefratboy i understand what you are saying. havent smoked in yearsstill get cravings when drinking. if i had onenot a smoker.
 @woodyharrelson my dude cutting out the weed is ok. you get time to retain new skills. if i was wealthy id do it to. one love
 happy i aint broke   happy iont come from broke people  happy i go some loud to smoke on
 @bobbyfleck everyone bring their weed lol
 i love my garden in spring  even the weeds are lovely. 
 rolling marijuana thats a conversation for everyday shit
 @danaperino dana is like a flower in a field  of weeds. class  respect  intelligence  never a bad word of anyone. we love jasper 4 leggers
 that tear gun is terrible. by the time it makes the bullet youre smoked
 @windowdrama i want a sous vide but feel my smoker may feel insulted.
 the majority of smokers want to quit....@cvshealth savinglives 
 i think thotty or chain smoker 
 im so old i remember when good marijuana used be called  exotic 
 cigarette smokers are more susceptible to impoverished lifestyles. facts quitwhileyouahead
 dont be the last to discover the industry leading vape juice for concentrated cannabis shatter 
 @veryoddballer weve got no idea who gives us what ratings if we drive more than one person in a day. always rate weed out the bad ones 
 like she knows i smoke its obvious but still 
 why are you always happy do you smoke no. just positive vibes.
 im at b.t.s smokehouse in sturbridge  ma 
 hse final action on sb 51  includes narrow medicinal hemp oil cannabinoid provision. passes 1176. ksleg
 diet rich in antioxidants may reduce lung cancer risk in smokers and nonsmokers  via @curemagazine
 happy birthday to the craziest girl i know hope ur day is great   smoke a blunt for me @keelawilson
 i couldnt decide if smoking pot or the idea of having pot to smoke was what relieved my anxiety. 
 great photo by daniel owens of me painting the smokeys. oilpainting smokeymountains 
 why do people assume i smoke weed
 @medvedshow quit accusing dt of lying when clearly there is more smoke re o spying than silly russiadt collusion u 
 who tryna get smoked in 8ball 
 @lfdcigars @perditiondawgs chapter i by a nose.  both are excellent smokes.  one of the slowest burners i have ever smoked.
 @iacoguy @darth so denver has legal weed and puppys on delivery wtfff
 dave chappelle is really still a chain smoker lol.
 remember when i used to talkgive shit about people who smoke weed............. ....... imma start that again caus 
 all weed clothing merchandise to me is corny and im a stoner 
 time blocking 240 to 500 just to read and smoke. god bless and see yall soon
 waking up cigarette smoke then its back to these hopes of me packing out crowds
 bernies starting a revolution. i love a good revolution. i might even love it more than marijuana. dad
 if you think we could be friends bitch hmu i love weed  makeup amp spending money i shouldnt be 
 welp  im at work. def not meditating.. altho nailed it with the white sweater and swirling cigarette smoke.... 
 this is my brother lmao. harold and kumar. funniest dude to smoke with. most iconic duo at popeyes 
 the  happy hemp  smoothie at turning natural. its my second favorite. ingredients  mango  
 shes talking about weed not cigarettes  
 paiva weed tears up.
 paiva weed will transition out of her senate role over the next few days. timeline unclear for leadership turnover.
 thisll stop the pot smokers  good job. 
 azn girl sitting next to me is hilarious.. she needs a smoke break every minute and starts freaking out 
 dead at the fact dre talking to my mom about buying weed
 exploring the idea of getting alexa to read news about weed. 
 just saw a crackhead pick up some butts and he picked out which one he would smoke onlyineverett
 you know what the media isnt talking about trumpryancare @devinnunes throwing smoke out there @repadamschiff russiagate
 when chappelle sat down and smoked a cig in the second special...i smiled so hard. thats dave. the fucking best.
 i love being a girl i get free weed
 lmfao for real  who tf hurt you to the point you cant hug  drink a milkshake  smoke a blunt  or watch a damn disney movie
 @caseyclemmons more smoke and mirrors to cover the traitor obama amp cli ton
 420 isnt known as international gas day just for the weed because its also hitlers birthday lolol 
 very productive day of attending one class  getting the 3 essentials of gas  coffee  and smokes  taking a nap and then going to taco bell
 damn i forgot to buy weed today
 i dont blame you at all by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 told my coworker i smoke before work literally every day and he didnt believe me my life is going better than previously thought
 chance siskin smoked this ball against the foul pole baseball orangespring springtraining2017 masnorioles 
 happy birthday you italian scum. if i had my old phone  i get some legendary memories ps imma smoke ur ass in c 
 just bought blunts and the guy at the gas station was like i love when people buy these cuz i know theyre smoking weed
 @mitchellvii @realdonaldtrump nunes us blowing smoke up your a
 @realdonaldtrump nunes is blowing smoke  no wiretapp   and we know about empty distraction now  youve educated us well.
 amp she smokes. i didnt know that lol she wants to come over amp smoke wit meamp her 2 younger sisters smokewe def. gotta have a session
 @warmanmma lol. that was funny . he smoked with me lol
 no you cannot come over unless you have beer or weed 
 as smokey robinson plays in the background . . . empire 
 is the odd look on trumps hideous face a result of conspiracists and sycophants constantly blowing smoke up his fa 
 and here we are with a brand new concept called cannabis families 
 about to smoke my roommate lmao 
 this is all we kno bye the chain smokers hurts my heart 
 new crazy batch of coconut oil cannabis infused rosin liverosin rosinchips bubblehash 
 @danielnewman saw ur post on fb lmao unfortunately its become that way weeding through all the crap is a fulltime job
 i highon weed and trum is coming to take it outof our cold stoned hands      the up rising is coming
 lance thomas is a real smoker lol
 about to smoke moon rocks for the first time...
 .@willienelsons weed brand followed me on insta and im p sure that means im one of the cool kids now  
 its a sad day when a fellow stoner cant even help a brotha out with weed. san francisco is wack
 backwoods amp no smoke 
 this me except the smoking part  i dont smoke  
 forgot about this disc. its a gateway 178 midrangedriver hemp disc. discgolf phish disc 
 @sportz5176 love you smokes..always will..
 @chancetherapper should throw chain smoker back into his setlist this time around
 3 months until i start my career in the cannabis industry. booooooi
 final new crazy batch of coconut oil cannabis infused rosin liverosin rosinchips 
 happy birthday to my birthday to my big brudda @mcleanellis   live it up smoke enjoy the day love you man bless up
 puerto rico getting smoked
 7. have you ever smoked. gas before   no reggie i said gas  lol
 love love love free smoke  but tuscan leather was a 6 minute snap job with 3 beat changes
 free smoke is such a banger 
 when your boyfriend offers to give you some to smoke
 a real one will smoke one with you
 that feeling when youre drunk and you think its a good idea to over smoke lt
 im having a conversation with atf agents about weed. this is the life
 bruh. i may have paused this movie to smoke  but its  still. happening.  lol
 my roommate and alex are having a deep ass conversation about weed wtf
 where tf the weed men thats up  lol .
 i love weed
 one of @fsr3s most engaging podcasts yet  w@turfento amp @utturfweeds. abw  resistance even weeds  product fails. 
 oh trust me  if i didnt smoke weed id have a superiority complex too lol
 its that time of the year again. this year i hope to get the old ball coach to come by and sign my smoker 
 i have smoked weed  but i dont want to grow up to be just like these guys  unless you favor  human depopulation  
 free smoke is a banger. reminds me of iyrtitl
 lol i literally just texted you about this listen to free smoke @tycal @hiatuskaiyote
 @realpersonpltcs this guy put me on it the list is called smokers of cock. i reported him you should as well 
 @idlabig not til i smoke this next one
 this why i only smoke gas  
 legalization of marijuana rides on two key buzz phrases black market amp mexican cartel. do you understand this is racist conditioning.
 i love girls who smoke weed  
 satan doesnt tempt you bc he sees sin there. he tempts bc he sees grace there and loves to put weeds in gods beautiful garden.
 you forgot. do you smoke weed 
 @stephenasmith got that good weed from @snoopdogg or something lol firsttake espnfirsttake
 do the members in sublime smoke marijuana
 breaking @timbersfc front 6 amp @tacaposdnt caught up in goal kickback scheme with big chant amp smoke conglomerates. film at 11. rctid
 @rickiroma except that before i smoked i was drinking to get drunk daily  and when i do smoke i drink like once a week.  i drink more water
  judge amp obama hit the weed and partied in college together go figure
 @thefakemimi these bitches barely can inhale smoke  i doubt its beer lol
 still blowin thick smoke while you powder your nose
 holy smokers 
 im just going to smoke a shit ton of medicalmarijuana today  
 its official. i somehow lost a pipe and weed within a 2 hour timespan. where tf did it go and why dont i remember
 wish my weed man hurry up so i can get high and really bump lightmybodyup
 chair  weed. lit.
 man  @waltertrout just smokes live.  think blues rock stevierayvaughan jimihendrix...  m  redhouse 
 my new neighbor has placed a stained chair cushion in the hallway so they can use it when they smoke on the stoop.  my life is embarrassing.
 happy nationalpuppyday smoke  
 free smoke is a banger bro.. a god damn banger 
 you know you not a smoker like dat. 
 happy national puppy day to smokey.  
 uh... how about mixing marijuana and driving is a bad idea do not do. i think wed all be good with that too. 
 gas what i smoke niggaaa 
 @usadarren9 oh i thought you were tryna tell me you smoke it or some shit lmaoo
 good ass intro  everythings good  chain smoker  acid rain 
 so i got tipped 20 for simply writing someone a valet ticket amp then a older couple gave me a container of weed... work has been good today
 so i got tipped 20 for simply writing a valet ticket amp then an older couple gives me a container of weed... work has been good today
 flavored cigars for reggie smokers
 i love smoking weed
 also  my favorite thing to put on the smoker  
 @ennofarm theres always weeds popping up. never enough time.
 listen to @daveylove amp save 10 off stovetop smokers amp smoker wood chips this weekend  onlyatchefs stovetopsmokers 
 coming home and smoking weed to you is like coming home and taking your shoes off to a normal person          @hannastawik
 h3165 new regulating oui penalties for marijuana 
 @spicer the doctor guy that created x23 killed most of the mutants. weeded them out with putting genetic alterations in the food supplies.
 now proudly serving @casamigos tequila try our pineapple smoke martini with a touch of cinnamon 
 @mikeblvd happy birthday and enjoy. smoke a wood and get in some guts 
 wanta a nigga to move  offer him some weed lol
 when you smoke with your first love 
 im at the old canal smokehouse in chillicothe  oh 
 cant trust nobody who smoke cigarettes...
 all gas no brakes. smoke gas no breaks
 @raychelann10 @bridgentye i was talking about my smoke break lol
 pusses always wannuh put out my fire like its uhwild one while theyre smokey the bearwho elsed i eat it4like its gnocchicartier
 @yaboiquise @nbabelike youre smoked lol
 i trust my weed man more than i trust the government regulating my weed tbhhhhh 
 @chrisbisnett smoke amp mirrors  terrible hr department  toxic corporate culture  sexism...racism...discrimination  what else....
 @kylehanslovan smoke amp mirrors  terrible hr department  toxic corporate culture  sexism...racism...discrimination  what else....
 this was quality @greggutfeldshow smoked some dumbass @billdeblasio 
 i love alexis reefer
 what do u consider a real smoker  
 lavar ball would be a great weed man
 president doobie smoker and his clan were gone when they started his diversity take always... gun cigarettes every 
 you cant hit what you dont see nicole may throwing smoke. falcon softball @mrkfhs 
 holy smokes thats a lot of old white men  must be making a decision about womens rights 
 bring me backwoods and get in on this smoke
 lavar ball might say the most asinine things that have ever been said. dude has to smoke something.
 still blowing thick smoke while you powder your nose
 20 small business ideas in the growing cannabis industry by @anniehp via @smallbiztrends 
 all these puppy posts make me wish smokey was a puppy again  nationalpuppyday throwbackthursday 
 i love weed 
 hosting a candlelight vigil tonight to remember all this weed i just dropped on my carpet  youre all welcome to attend. bring snacks.
 one month cig free. not that i was a daily smoker  but it was a weekendcasual habit that i wanted to break.
 if i catch you in traffic on venmo imma assume you buying weed too. that is all .
 @tboy45 no  but hungry. a smoked pork butt would cheer me up. @kschoh
 all were cocaine except one dude who was on a boat with 2 500 pounds of weed. 
 today in painting class me it reeks of weed in here girl eating mcdonalds i have no idea what youre talking about
 beer with bbq smoke. love it.  drinking a blowin smoke by @scratchtownbrew @ the still   
 happy birthday man  smoke one for me @leahlaflare
 course 1 smoked salmon bride disney disneybride wedding imgettingmarried engaged 
 demand the hse grant medicinal cannabis treatment for ava barry 
 people need to stoop asking me to smoke 
 .@avis. not impressed. im a preferred member  rent from you all the time. just rented car. smells like smoke. trouble exchanging. help
 chain smoker 
 im only moving for 20 and up. you half ass weed man 
 @shermangenerals happy to stop by that program did more for me than i ever realized in high school. cant smoke a rock 
 posted up on the corna  moving dat marijuana 
 @thevmexperience no. theyre not paying for the fat smoker. theyre paying for the percentage of people who inevitably need medical care.
 @jeremygrosser @rrrrrrrix not gonna stop me from doing my duty of blowing fat clouds of vape and tire smoke all over smelly academics
 this kansas team might be the best one bill self has assembled yet. holy smokes 
 ioon smoke unless its gas
 god made weed an man made beer .     in god we trust 
 i love working at the smoke shop man
 this guy smoke weed with me 
 put that shit in your corncob pipe and smoke that mothefucker cuz aint nobody got time for this  @trinabraxton   she done laid me out 
 do i love san francisco or do i just love weed
 @kgthabest @ulovemya aye yall come put in on this smoke
 i smoke so much weed i forgot its ilegal
 ones of no humanity     ones of no humanity those of chaotic vanity throwing out smokescreens of nothing but a co 
 they stopped talking about it as soon as weed was legalized.
 i became a heavy smoker and now ya girl has a grinder which means ima be getting hi by myself now 
 1. free smoke 2. portland 3. sacrifices 
 i would never smoke some banana backwoods. that just sounds vomitus.
 @beedybe8 i forgot bra  you know i smoke alot of weed 
 you the reason why i love latinas only girl i ever smoked with  without tequila
 one more chapter then i can go smoke.
 im a critical thinker im a hell of a smoker and a bit of a drinker
 i have about 2k followers dont understand unfollowspy i get many knew daily ive weeded out the solicitation of nu 
 me too  i can feel the sun  and flavoured smoke in the horizon  anything beat a day of smoken and a cold one  
 @ajr010891 wow aj acher the pitcher from clay play with the tigers we played this dude and he smoke us lol
 this is what happens when you smoke crack 
 they said we couldnt smoke in this bihhh and we fucked around and still rolled up 
 you forgot cannabis 
 2000 m swim ninja bachelor party breakfast ... typical atx morn ..throw in some choc hemp for 
 def want smoke and hit the lake today
 lost ball high weeds    crazyin4words
 i am running near to weed city @ mount shasta  ca. nice experience watching the snow in a beautiful windy day 
 passionfruit  blem  free smoke  glow  sacrifices.
 @imageasdesign is like the funniest person to smoke with. im always dead.
 a spring poacast. details about next tuesdays poaday and other weedy insights from @utturfweeds. 
 txsu have some shitty ass weed men bruh
 need a big speaker for saturday. whoever got one ill smoke them out myself hmu
 @onpointradio @drbillschindler harvest linen  hemp  and flax for clothing.  shave with curved obsidian or a hot ember stick. be fashionalbe
 @gallegojack @jeffxgeee happy late birthday too the both of the homies have a good one and and smoke a tons
 i always wanted to smoke a blunt in the pool or jacuzzi..but idk
 happy birthday brother smoke some cigs @dduncan32 
 @kysportsradio maybe derek has been smoking weed with henry clay
 i wanna smoker the cooking apparatus not a person
 not no real smoker
 oh i love this family.... no marijuana  
 roll one  smoke one  and we all just havin funnn
 on all seriousness  i love smoking weed lmao
 when your mom wakes you up with tickets to the smokers clubgtgtgt
 sanuk mens hemp slipon natural 13 m 
 happy birthday @jewellllss222 im so happy alyssa has a friend like you have a good day pretty smoke all the woods in the world 
 just put a pork shoulder in the smoker.
 i just picked up an ounce of weed and rolled up to my aa meeting playing gin amp juice anonymous
 blowing smoke  getting things right.
 sucked in and helly weed flew in my mouth and that shit definetly in my nose siccccckkkk 
 happy birthday @overdos22 have a good one  smoke that goodshit 
 gross mechanic eating a burger wheres the weed  i know you got some...he picked up on our extra grungy looks today 
 does anyone have a ticket for sale for the smokers club 420 show in santa ana
 my smoke detector went off twice while facetiming itzel
 @ingrahamangle @realdonaldtrump @hillaryclinton your opinion is getting pathetic we are just people trying to pay bills youre blowing smoke
 i toally forgot about my homework packet even before i left to smoke 
 attending prequalification meeting for weed mitigation. @mempublicworks @lifelinesuccess blightpatrol 
 rip @avocigars may you play music   amp smoke cigars with the angles tonight myheartbreaks
 snooze delmar became landscape experts at snooze hill they pulled weeds and planted succulents. we love our commu 
 a fun lineup in crowlercorner including @scratchtownbrew blowin smoke  see menu at  lnk craftbeer
 holy shit lol my voice is hilarious rn  it keeps switching between this deep low chain smoker tone and highpitched breathy whisper
 this is what happens when you smoke good hash with your besties lmao 
 happy birthday girly  miss you  smoke a fat one for me tonight @gibsonjordin
 i always love watching people walk into the woods behind my apartment.. bc i mostly just assume theyre going to smoke pot 
 @themcinerney not as bad as smokes  everything in moderation no excess  cheers but just onerg
 finally found weed in california for the love of god caliradodreamz 
 @speakerryan did you smoke something before your speech.  nothing in the bill 2 make the lives of americans better except the wealthy.
 god bless smoke sessions
 @bdublare yooo happy birthday homie  smoke one for me tonight 
 ok insta im getting mad love since being back look i have 4 tickets left thats it  4 smokers 
 @domuno i forgot you smoke reggie  my bad. 
 smoke weed everyday my 9 year old student 
 @zombiejuicee yall showig us any new music at the smokers fest 
 @arjelle many try to wake up and help humanity  numerous see genocide and white supremacy and hide until the smoke clears.them directly
 he finessed yall dumbasses lmaooo mike torres got smoked 
 trying to plan a family party for my birthday and my mom goes so whos buying the weed
 happy birthday to my only light skin friend  who taught me how to make honey chipotle shrimp   and only smoke backwoods @ridiculouslyry
 providence giving out free smoke take it or leave it your choice
 tanteo jalapeo tequila  ginger amp kale juice  lime  agave  smoked sea salt  rocks fridayfeeling 
 roll up that weed  we about to blow glow remix
 you talking shit about me posting snaps of my weed  while the same people post videos of what beer theyre drinking or a shot theyre taking
 @realdonaldtrumpthis ryancare was nothing but a smokescreen for bummercare partii dont trust ryan. how many bills has he pushed thruzero
 my roommate knocks on the door and says he found some weed and offers it to us. my man
 i def read weed first 
 woman o a mission to find good to smoke
 im the smoker   niyah the drinker she can have that drinking shit
 im taking up painting to put down smokes. this is painting 2 amp its proving addictive. may have to upgrade from d 
 lets end the stigma that stoners are lazy... 1 you gotta ball to afford your weed and 2 the hardest workers i know are stoned 247 lol
 happy birthday my nigga @michaelbreheny how many penises are being smoked today
 @bioware so many bad ideas in mea. did you really think wed be happy to do space sudoku  jumping puzzle  then run from the lost smoke
 i could watch him smoke backwoods all day 
 i love weed
 free smoke   sacrifices   up for grabs lol 
 @swanksow23 i can dribble while selling weed. thats a good skill
 all my roommate and i do on our days off is smoke  and watch cartoons together.
 @repadamschiff where there is smoke there is usually fire. smoke has been coming out of nunes ass for some time. soon his pants will be ...
 i forgot im allergic to weed and got tickets to see migos haha wish me luck
 @chelseahandler i hope hes smoking medical grade weed...hes earned some relaxation after 8 years of dealing with the @gop nonsense
 hes like 3 years older than me and he smokes smokes what not the good stuff cigarettes yeah
 am i the only one that smokes swishers joints and backwoods idgaf just fire up 
 wish i could just smoke weed all day and not worry bout shit
 @theinz2011 @jhall58 old smoke rides with mick  
 lorrie lit a cigarette  smiled amp waved the smoke out her face 
 friday night smoke with cabernet romeoyjulieta petitechurchill habana cigars @ miami shores  
 not happy that i have a sinus infection  very happy that i had an excuse to watch an entire season of weeds today
 @pharaldson give uk lebron and mj  lonzo still smokes em by 60 by himself
 @yeahthatsjosh thats why they have medicinal marijuana right 
 being the only guy who lives in a household where nobody smokes is kinda awkward.
  get old people marijuana 
 i forgot weed was legal out here lol. everyone is blazing up
 mom my daughters arent big drinkers  theyre pot smokers
 when the chunti in the smoke shop asks for the chocolate dutch master 
 damn i love smoked chicken   @ san francisco cajun co. 
 i love the fact that my friends are tryna smoke me out before i dip back out 
 niggas selling weed im selling moon rock
 in colorado cows keep returning to the marijuana fields. its the old case of the pot calling the cattle back
 im at @purplestarmd medical cannabis dispensary in san francisco  ca 
 @cejayp7 you right lol i wasnt drinking anyways but i could smoke one or two so thats why i considering the idea 
 im old enough to buy cigs i wont smoke  happy birthday me p
 not smoking weed hasnt made me not a dumbass
 on a difrient note i smoke a lot of weed. just a friendly fact if u aint know.
 im not a smoker....well only when i drink....but i drink everyday.....so i guess im a smoker
 that smoke is thick asf real gas  
 @blakespop he smoked that ball. i thought it was going in the street.
 just saw a man get hit by a carampsat w his wife who was screaming bloodymurderamphad a half of weed in my tits the whole time i spoke tocops 
 holy smokes. thank you canyon barry. gators
 i never thought i would say this but i love weed 
 also picked up chubbins from the rents. next time she stays with sis. she smells like cigarette smoke. 
 coming to menifee tomorrow for spring break.  hmu for friendship and smoke seshs
 you can smoke if i can pour. im in l.a. and enjoy meeting new people  especially when they are honest and challeng 
 im not a pot smoker but i do love living in a city where no one gives a fuck about a little 
 there two times or smokes   pot head and stoners 
 this guy at this mica party just gave me his extra weed for free and i am like can everyday be my birthday
 ah yes  my nightly routine of taking one hit of weed and panicking
 joakim has been on weed since always lol 
 when did i become a chain smoker omg this has got to stop.
 bring cigarettes and smoke tequila
 tonight i smoked a cuban cigar with a guy wearing a rolex. amazing.
 this guy at this mica party just gave me his extra weed for free and i am like hello world
 and at the end of the day its back to me myself and i.funny thing is that ive grown accustomed to itdont believe the hype its all smoke
 @jjj2121 haha i bet. i think weve talked about that gameteams before if i remember right. i do smoke quite a bit though so who knows
 @kkscanlan im still gon smoke lmao just not on a daily basis like before
 i smoke gas and i drink red.  
 when the rave is over and youre trying to smoke pot  but your dealers are all sleep
 still blowin thick smoke while you powda ya nose
 i know this crackhead who says she gotta smoke nice rock. and if its good shell bring you customers and measuring  pots.
 @davidbweinstein is that a real stogie i only trust men who smoke presidents and are not presidents.
 in jersey you can smoke in bars and i think they making a movie where you can too...its coming soon 
 most nba players smoke weed. lebron too. i have nothing against it. if you care you just wont get caught unless yo 
 i smoke one in a blue moon 
 @marciarpowell decided that my home butchered amp smoked pork was better than anything from the store. i think she may be biased mulefootpork
 the rn do you smoke cigarettes or cigars me not cigars with tobacco but yeah..
 cant trust anyone who smokes from pipes sryy lol
 lighting inscence  smoke a blunt  and playing all my favorite music 
 @hawaiidelilah i can practically see him with a deck of smokes  laughing until he gasps  and then lighting up another one.
 update throat hurts from breathing in the smoke of furniture sacrifices
 @potus ....were just blowing smoke to get reelected
 every time at the barber   barber hows that me looks great    actually looks like the barber took a weedwacker to my head
 still blowing thick smoke while you powder your nose
 @xococori oh i knows it. usually when a weed man discount me after the 1st time i switch weed men lmao but right on for the discount 
 once they hit that campus its over. you become a drinker and a smoker lol
 like the weed he smoking laced with lysol rt @bunnnb how yall feel about this 
 these bitches regular and they smoke regular
 if u dont smoke these i cant fwu 
 @cwferris no  of course not but hes not taking it away either. in fact  hes extending eligible drug list ... with weed
 i date a smoke happy birthday babe 
 what to smoke  buttheads cigarliving cigarlover cigarlife niceash cigar cigars 
 after a week of jamming more life heres my official thoughts on it.   610  favorite songs free smoke sacrifices gyalchester passionfruit
 aaaand just like that. im outta weed lmao. no worries tho ima go re up here soon so hmu
 today i am 8 years smoke free  smokingkills
 @slyphon man  he loves to blow smoke up peoples butts. id wager that he both said this and has no specific recollection of it
 @tbrownmedia gee  i came for the cannabis. what is this drama
 my yamma smoked a joint for the first time on her 70th birthday so she could cross it off her bucket list lol i love my family
 so the guy who ran the hydroponics store in brookfield was arrested for selling weed...didnt see that one coming
 wedding season @ mens emporium in hempstead  ny  
 i put on chain smoker by chance and john just starts smiling  he knows all the words
 being with you by smokey robinson is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 paris by the chain smokers is about two young spoiled assholes fighting and taking selfies on a terrace in paris fyi
 great day to smoke meat and we overachieved on the high at 80.3 oh and worked in a 21 mile bike ride. 
 i might smoke a blunt with the girl who used to play hannah montana
 people with epilepsy are being successfully treated daily with cannabis oil lets celebrate bywearing purple on su 
 @bklear1970 i have a smoker thats good for about 6 buttschickens. ive never needed more. but i would like to do 
 man where the smokers at in chicago 
 @lowrainnnn lol my barber smokes so i guess you right both 
 @mlpavela i thought those maga morons smoke pot
 just smoke ride amp listen to the lyrics only a real nigga can understand
 who down to smoke some ganja hmu
 someone smoke me out its my birthday 
 @joannabouras just saw the smoke and called it in. no car in the driveway  so i dont think anyone was there.
 a food truck  but for weed  called the cannabus 
 just want to swim amp smoke alllllll day 
 warped cigars are finally here great little smoke that will never want to put down 
 @sidneeeeeey same. except for when i smoke 
 why do people even listen to the chain smokers when years and years exists lmk
 @ardianasmar lt is it what is called a wise answer or a wisdom of peak to smoke like that @raniakhalek
 got called a low life druggie  but i make 100k a year from a successful career amp i dont even smoke weed almost died from laughing so hard
 nikes new stoner logo coming to a smoke shops near you 
 i honestly had no idea what it was. if i had known it was weed  we probably wouldnt be here right now talking  h 
 nikes new stoner logo coming to a smoke shop near you 
 heres one of @tajjackson3 i love the ambiance the swirling smoke provides. dont you dare faint  danny 
 @brandoncorkery @bigsean @mikewillmadeit smoker
 i was cleaning chambers today when my son came by.  picked me up to go to home depot to look at buying a new smoker.  he was not impressed.
  perks like weed
 @jonathondcole @robertmassey3rd @indianambb we  you must have been the head pole smoker on the cheerleading staff.
 i kind of just want to eat dinner  smoke hookah and shake my butt in my chair. any suggestions
 @colbertlateshow jeff sessions is malicious toward all pot smokers  hes malicious toward all pot smokers.
 but you have to send yourself in to make it on barstool smokes.....
 @adriana700777 nothing yet but there is a ton of speculation and a lot of smoke..i think this week we will know how deep the corruption goes
 i need a piata shaped like a nug of weed thatll drop prerolls and backwoods when it breaks for my birthday.
 went into some random store and found a smokers jacket... happened to be an xs and they gave it to me for free. bless
 when people trying talking cannabis with me  and they are misinformed. 
 @ a pot smoker in new orleans  420 im tryna be baked
 oak smoke done  now braise it off this smells amazing.  eatlocal berkshire heritagebreed @ 
 join us tonight for heirloom tomatoes  straccitella  smoked lap xuong sausage  chili oil and 
 i enjoyed my day. good company  food  weed. lol
 but why do some men think that female smokers give a damn about what they think
 medicated grape jolly ranchers. nice warm buzzbody. but not too much  for a daily smoker. 
 when it comes 2 smokein blunts im a chain smoker 
 im the happy smokerrrr 
 @morgfair he is scared like the rest of them. smoke screens  delaying and putting a front on  because he knows what maybe coming.
 love marijuana smoke daily 
 happy 6th birthday to my lil cuz hempsteadheights @ hempstead long 
 gas what i smoke
 person montana youre a character me whatcha mean p i mean you smoked a whole cigar by yourself me that was a cuban you cant waste it
 damn did not expect orgeon to smoke kansas like that. still think the zags are taking the championship home
 dont get why everyone thinks theyre hood because they listen to trap with fake chains and smoke backwoods.
  forgot these type of shops are all over vancouver.... yvr @ evergreen cannabis 
 pussy money  weed wayne said it best still is tha  best rapper alive lilwayne @liltunechi
 i only smoke backwoods or java blunts  
 heavy thinker  light smoker  henny drinker 
 nobody tryna smoke with me or do an edible im pressed lol
 qs day smoked a lone wolf  a cao cigar. got lunch at genes. gonna have a bite to eat amp @camachocigars to end the day. @carmackscigars
 i smoked numerous blunts today and got more money. what a good day 
 blow mfs rent on weed and liquor daily omm
 i like basketball  food  and weed. i need to figure out a career in that 
 bro i forgot my ganja
 @rasmifraz @rawstory  exactly he dishes out smoke screens to buy time on every topic at hand....hes high priced plastic...fake.carbon copy
 rolex. more sex. good weed. no stress
 me  mattew theres smoke coming out of my ps4                                                 mattew restart it 
 ive become best friends with a 63 year old smoker named renee. course i had to lie and tell her i also called soda pop...
 also  i do not trust bitches that only smoke backwoods
 life is too depressing to be smoking on dat regular.......kgmt  up in smoke stonerchick @ 
 i worry about @snoopdogg if i dont see him up early on sunday smoking weed and talking shit on the internet 
 i hate rap about weed
 @realseanfintak @jwrightnova youre blowing smoke fella. repeating tired old talking points. come back when you have new ones.
 sinatra songwriter  cigar legend avouvezian dead at91  @cigarsnobmag @coronacigarco rip he is in the big smoke now
 obama is heavy drinker and chain smoker  his wife stated 
 @bigdaddyjimmyv @anovaculinary you have no idea. im gonna sous vide a pastrami tonight after i smoke it.
 if you smoke cigarettes  youre gross.
 i for one have  the  of  i smoke by 14 packday 
 occasionally i smoke cigars  
 @nampahcbyerrot smoked not smiled
 institutional zeal lets lock up smokers 
 im just gonna smoke this bowl  put this glam glow mask on  and start this new book. happy sunday friends.
 picked up 15 more bags of gravel from @suburbanlawngarden to finish our smoker patio @millsmichael913 
 thanks fran for giving me a ride to get some weed
 had a great breakfast with my friend russ.  @jimmydean  applewood smoke bacon is some really gud stuff. try it just 
 my weed man doesnt lie he always plugs me and got gas on deck and he fine af he playing im a regular customer 
 @naetella more like careless but i had to smoke before this 12hr shift.
 song goes offtrey songz....new windows up banger in smokey 
 im a smoker i belong with a smoker sorry 
 aye happy birthday to my boi @thederekheid smoke 23 darts today 
 only person at pool. old man comes and sits directly next to me and proceeds to smoke a cigar. uncomfortable
 my customer just gave me weed lol i love my job
 free smoke  passionfruit  jorja interlude  portland  sacrifices  nothings into somethings  teenage fever  glow  ice melts  do not disturb
 i get it  you smoke but doing so in the drive thru so that everyone about to eat has to smell it makes you a terrible person
 one of my coworkers said he can smoke a cigarette with his foot standing up and that alone is why i love my job
 my mr. wonderful is making me happy fresh off the smoker are two pork butts  carefully encased 
 im really happy that no one in my house smokes so i dont have to deal with the terrible smells that linger or the subsequent headaches
 if one of my real backwood smokers find these tap in vanilla sport  
 @ryanlizza   1 must assume hugh has now started smoking the wacky weed 
 the dark knight rises...while the clown prince of crime sits  smokes amp contemplates some 
 good weed  funny  great conversation  lots of useless facts  good advice  dope moviemusic taste  dependable. im a 
 come in to bouboulinas today though i am slangin deals on all our new organic dyed hemp threads 
 patience  young grass smoker
 when professor x is using weed  that speaks volumes of the benefits of this godgiven medicine 
 did my daily free x ritual who tryna smoke 
 who got the best women  weed and weather  florida or cali 
 when a hookah smoker meets a cigarette smoker 
  @ smoker friendly 
 good job @mariotthotels atlanta marijuana in the sheets.  kinda makes me think you didnt change them. gross 
 if you bant roll up... please dont offer to roll the weed 
 the tracks of my tears by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 meettheortizs2017 weeding time  enzos first wedding  @ ocoee 
 @jamesobaniswagg @ricstayslit @onthapodium @whyamithiswhite @drewfro @jamestassos @chunkyd15 @djangolavish dont   unless you want smoke
 do i have a story for the next @twojslater it amazes me how bold people are  thinking its ok to tell me youre taking weed out of state
 still blowing thick smoke while you powder your nose
 love marijuana  smoke on a daily
 nah man  this weed important   i forgot i committed to this lifestyle
 just picked up grandmom from the old person home to take her on a valley amp smoke
 if i blow smoke through a vent will it hotbox the other room no how do you know because i know vents
 i rather be a smoker then a drinker 
 im taking next thurs friday off. the fam dont know. im thinking  @masterbuilt smoker is going to get a work out. grandchildren farmlife
 tickets are now available at smokeys novelties on lancaster in salem  promo @ smokeys novelties 
 what a great collaboration between chain smokers and cold play   
 amp backwoods is all i smoke 
 we on neptune smoking weed
 jerry pot smoker brown hasnt a clue. he is fucking up california as we speak. wants an new 1gas tax to highest pr 
 lmao oomf smoked weed once and turned into a stoner im real life shittin my pants
 we got hydrochronic love and we smoke it  
 @realdonaldtrump get the congresssenate to legalize marijuana if you do that the hood will endorse you just saying 
 where the distractions of wannabe talent is weeded out amp my tv nights become crowded with mindlessness 
 american cannabis industry expected to maintain growth despite trump 
 continuing with todays trend of amazing aromas  im enjoying a cao flathead cigar right now. good smoke so far.
 i want smokey robinson played at my whole wedding
 regarding the smokey toot
 @snoopdogg thinking of weed right lol  check out ahoma comic  fuck logic explicit on  
 mood chain smoke and listen to brand new
 look mika  beer before liquor couldnt be sicker. liquor before beer youre in the clear just dont smoke menth 
 before you smoke that regular 
 im a smoker not a drinker 
 i love when people that smoke tell me i should quit dipping
 niggas love asking do you smoke 
 i love finding out that my neighbors smoke pot.
 used to say no but..yeah. long as they arent chain smokers 
 are you trying to smoke my nose right now
 love marijuana smoke on the daily 
 why do backwoods smokers think they are so much cooler than swisher smokers its all nicotine
 why do backwoods smokers think they are so much cooler than swisher smokers its all nicotine
 what if @thechainsmokers were a group of actual chain smokers who sang
 i smoke away all the tears.
 @datbaaby @urmajestee he aint talking about weed smoke
 anyone know anyone selling weed in the citrus heightsfair oaks area
 the happy smoker  
 yall i love tenzin so much. richly developed bamf. woulda smoked zaheer 1v1  ampwas ready to solo the whole red lotus 
 @georgewbush43 if they legalize marijuana will you be participating and painting
 @itsmaurteja @harmonysworld im talking about you guys smoke way tou much 
 yall forgot the weed but yeah basically 
 you dont smoke w big brudda no more 
 its the littest thing you will ever be a part of. i sound like a 50 year old smoker because i tried to hit notes that i 100 couldnt reach
 @csydelko happy birthday christine dm me and so i can smoke you the fuck out
 22 that m word given to cannabis after the word locoweed didnt  stick in popular culture as a wedge in 1913. ha 
 the tears of a clown by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 love marijuana  smoke on the daily 
 really tryna dodge the urge to smoke this morning. day 5.
 venezuela even the cubans are leaving as another socialist pipe dream goes up in smoke 
 i now know i smoke more then the average stoner  copped a quarter the other day shit basically gone 
 boston a city of frowns  stress walking and terrible weather... no wonder why were on the forefront of legalizing weed
 smoke some weed together daily improveyourlovelifein5words
 everything is annoying today.  my coworker that smokes crack.  the damn kennel girls.  my snack drawer. the sweat on my cup.  all of it.
 when youre tryna give him some sloppy top  but yall decided to smoke a blunt first...your mouth be 
 spring flower weed @ the plains  ohio 
 i ball like mcgrady  ion smoke no grade b
 most baby boomers love weed its a proven fact
 honestly the only thing i distinctly remember about 15 is that we was always fightin and always had twitter jumpin but i smoke a lot so
 shes a good teaser and we blowing reefer
 if a cannabis dispensary had called you and asked were looking for someone that has expertise on this matter and promise theres growth
 are you pleased marijuana will be made legal on july 1  2018 answer talkbackmtl at 
 dont overlook the beauty of weeds. @ the plains  ohio 
 @bobbigbag @nickwilson923 thats not johnny.  thats weeden flipping the ball underhand.  oklahoma state is in the big 12 
 gm you to all my real smokers.
 ladies... stop flexing ya mans weed you can get run up on too
 @fusiontv why would you stop the growth of marijuana the reason you are soaked in violence is because man made mot 
 did @maxkellerman just compare marijuana to speeding  is @realskipbayless back on @firsttake  @stephenasmith 
 max kellerman is shooting holes in stephan as marijuana argumentlol he has on the ropes  espnfirsttake
 stephan a marijuana  its bad for sports  its bad for america. lol you voted for trump didnt you bruh  espnfirsttake love this debate
 @stephenasmith  needs to smoke one and chill out. thank you @maxkellerman
 i sound like a chain smoker and im coughing up a lung every 5 minutes. happy monday. 
 to all my weed smokers amp pot heads  we lit 420 @thepinhook  7 advance tickets 10 at th 
 chain smokers tonight  
 @allisonlcarter thats just the paranoia talking.... from your weed
 yiu decided to have a child  you have decided that you cant give up marijuana. you made your bed  now lie in it  or get a new job.
 i smoke the backwoods of the skunk
 this a waste of weed mam rt 
 somebody has to check @stephenasmith on the weed issue and the unnecessary criminalization of young blk men based on a old propaganda 
 134 tons of 268 000 pounds of marijuana.  
 waterfall in new york city for cigar smokers  paleypark newyork nyc cigars smoker 
 your the cigarette amp im the smoker
 a guy texted me on accident yesterday looking for weed. i decided to play along. he has texted me his life story
 best line in todays govs letter to sessions we understand you and others in the administration have some concerns regarding marijuana.
 hey  denver cannabis friendly hotels are not real  
 @ygsteve it blows my mind lol like i just never liked weed enough to be smoking it on the regular like that
 @27k yea i feel u  i love weed so i smoke it on the regular. weed jus aint fir everybody
 @bama163 is this the new marijuana lingo
 dont smoke before your public speaking class bc youll end giving a persuasive speech about human cloning and genome editing 
 @ohheygreat the oreo playstation doritos nexus there suggests that weed may be cool please credit me at ur nobel speech
 cigar retailers in georgia  hit me up to carry this lovely southerndraw smoke 
 @goddesserotika @stinkfist1982 your def one of the sexiest smokers around but fi you enjoy putting your cigs out on subs 
 right now  @aldotcom is in convo with 1000s of their readers about marijuana in alabama with @opinary 
 while i smoke twice as much as him with employment  
 milehighmafia presents highart2 smokeout byob  weed wing bowl  papers vs backwoods n a high 
 def smoked a cigarette while asking their 5yearold about his day.
 i loved this. if you are a weed smoker this is 16 min. of laughter and head scratching. good time 
 i really enjoyed a week without my roommate being home... now that shes back my apt. smells like weed 247 again 
 smoking flaka you a jack ass all i smoke is gas . 
 water your garden today maintain your creative ideas  tend to your responsibilities amp weed out distractions that are opposing your growth
 i would be pleased if u roll my weed
 getting ready for the rain and keeping pace with the moon. today we weeded our perennial beds  
 cig smokers 
 dead been talking all day  dont want no smoke keep it moving with your asthma having ass 
 my barber smoked me out lol
 yall so extra to prove weed is fine  
 bio stoner at smoke weed
 i get so awkward when smokers start to hack their lungs up....haha
 on that black bush smoke a bunch of backwoods
 ima start talking bout you niggas dat smoke dro and always talking bout some gas lol
 but i only smoke backwoods  
 lol powder weed
 @cindaellaa happy birthday jacinders hmu to smoke a blunt with me and @ddart  and hope its been a good one
 @waflanagan @andymcphalanx @daneuntamed pants and i dont get a long. weed and i are besties.
 pulling weeds before the snow flies. gotta love colorado
 swalwell trump surveillance claims a distraction  smoke bomb  via @newsmaxit s hard coming from ca.
 holy smokes. in a span of a few days the college wrestling world just witnessed a huge shift in power 
 ill be taking my mothers birthday else where @redlobster manager on 75th and thomas in phoenix az manager in the bathroom reeked of weed
 chain smokers are my weakness ugh oml
 i love my smokey amp the tiny 9volt wonder  lol... for what it is it really is amazing @ 
 my mom just called 420 410 then told me thank you for not smoking weed. bless her little heart
 thank god im not a chain smoker. one of those days
 @dcexaminer weedheads are morons.
 since when some of yall i know became smokers 
 thank you for all the positive and normal people who helped me with my weed and alcohol addiction. i love u all. god bless you 
 tika be having dead when she coming home .  always trynna smoke
 im gonna smoke this and enjoy.   dallascigarartqueen  smoking cigars cigar 
 how do people bum around all day  not workamp still manage to get fucked up amp smoke weed everyday
 trilogy will always be my favorite to smoke to
 sorry  @wellivertitus called dibs about two years ago. cant argue with the smoke monster. justsaying 
 @khrystalkdavis i came across you guys on a cannabis friendly page you have our thoughts and prayers
 imma smoker no shooter baby we throw hands and rocks kid. u better drive fast.  u will see red 
 for my birthday im accepting all types of marijuana as long as its gas 
 one of the most awkward situations is asking the manager at the hotel for your weed back that the valet guy stole 
 it be a family reunion at the smoke shop every time
 @slimfast965 you cutting off halsey and chain smoker or whatever  and saying that shit sucks made my day ha
 if you a smoker amp someones always asking if you have weed... 
 damn near smoked that final score on the button hityourfreethrow 
 nobody who lost gives a shit about you blowing smoke up their ass  commissioner.
 i still come home and look for you... i miss you  smokers.  
 i fucking love marijuana
 .@uhthena   ooo right there right there   women beater  car mobber weed smoker  alcohol consumer  classy
 when the smoker was bitchin 
 i hate weed men sometimes
 does no one ever realize how fucked up the names for weed are
 @internetbryan my bad g i forgot you only smoke penises
 i also love smoking weed
 so nobody got smoke
 no matter how fucked up you are. never smoke ciggi wiggies. its a cancer stick .
 @lt1william @azattxo oh im sorry i forgot glendale doesnt smoke
 i love weed
 forgot i had some weed 
 i second that emotion by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 i love weed delivery services. i love la.
 i love weed
 ok weed is now classy 
 as bad as i need em not a single brick  cnt rap about it god sent weed basketball n espn
 now theyre talking abt legalizing marijuana as a way to bring in revenues  gee  ya think
 all we ever did was fuck and smoke gas 
 if you buy a few cigars we can all smoke 
 @amandascott91 @uberfacts all you disgusting cig smokers killing us
 i love good weed lol
 @morningjoe backing his buddy theorangeloony by throwing more smoke bombs at @ambassadorrice  keep your eye on the ball russiantrump
 @melodychicago @realdonaldtrump they look like inbred meth smokers. go figure.
 @ethandeschene @sierrayoungg a cake soaked in some jack daniels honey  with some weed sprinkled ontop lmao
 walked through little havana where scarface was filmed. also smoked cuban cigars. fun experience 
 and if you can look at all of the smoke thats poring out of the wh and think theres no fire  and still blindly follow this moron.....sad
 oh you a smoker now big fella 
 @redsteeze where theres smoke ... 
 about 10 kids in my speech class today talked about legalizing recreational marijuana  i guess theres no other real problems in the us
 whoever i fw will never have to worry about buying weed 
 @wsudlersmith once a druggie always a druggie. admit to weed. i am better than you.
 happy birthday to a lil wild one hope you have a great day smoke a  just cause you can now.  
 actually in love with my weed. mans dog
 actually in love with my weed mans dog
 there was a girl passed out  in what smelt like a weed coma  sprawled out on a couch in the middle of one of the academic buildings sametho
 product idea  smoker camera so i can livestream my brisket while its smoking in my traeger
 @epcotcentre @waltdisneyworld banned me for life cause i forgot to take out my weed from my backpack thank you guys
 i used to be the weed man of the year. used to drive all over the metroplex delivering to peoples doorstep for 10 a gram lol
 this just isnt my morning weed mens aint picking up my offer up account got deleted and im sober asf
 thank u vancouver. i got called buddy  got smoked out  amp even heard an eyy or two. yall are so friendly  i fell in 
 @amyebresnen my  insurance company considers me a former smoker.
 nothing better than the smell of rock saw oil and rock smoke. just saying. geolife geology researchrocks
 medicinal cannabis discussion on the floor now wvpol
 @ritrill happy birthday part time smoke buddy
 i dont smoke no damn sheets amp funnel  . backwoods only
 i can grow the shit outta some weed  my coworker.  ummmmm lol thats not something you announce
 even fatboy knows  we only smoke gas. so @fatboysse  skycamp wemc lordz 1wayup 
 .@malcolmnance on rice its a distraction smoke amp mirrors from why rus carried out op amp why trump admin desperate 
 @hrdcorecaptn @eruri what no. its called evolution. the weaker ones must be weeded out for the survival of the species.
 1075 on the smoke stack k  1075.....  @ hells 
 love it here @ weed store in weed  ca  
 @xorileighdaire @thestevenmartin 430  are yall trynna smoke because lol
 thanks smokey robinson for coming to stockton and being a mentor and friend to the kids here what a great day for all
 these weed men up here so ass 
 mfs love saying they weed compressed  where the scale at bitch show me 
 im a pot smoker in ca supporting this 
 love weed
 give it to my suitemates.. not a smoker 
 it has to be more than twelve hours now man this is some good weed
 who ever took it  smoked good that evening cigarlife 
 when in montgomery you constantly smell weed 
 its hard for me to pass the weed  unless im choking up
 @owillis i think it requires beer and weed
 late cause free smoke was coming thru the aux
 amp u smoke cuban cigars  
 pop champagne amp smoke 7 grams
 i havent even thought about weed today. growth.
 or smoke it rt 
 my roommate just ran into my room with 4 weed brownies and two huge bottles of tequila and says its bout to be a wilddddddd night luv her
 guarantee i got smoker of the year
 its days like this i wish i was a smoker
 of course he wanted a cheetah   puff. but at first i thought that dude could tell i was smoking weed. ja
 great meetings at the irigrowthsummit discussing the impact of cannabis on cpg categories and brands. if youre he 
 @tonycolombo971 when the guy promoting weed on air is so stoned he cant compose thoughts... 
 free smoke up hmu
 these weed men the wig
 bruh my weed man is hilarious
 @redsteeze that look of the whole group when somebody spills the last bowl of weed...
 spill that tea baby while i smoke a blunt and worry about my own
 @typeagay @adifferentrebel ok  and id assume youre consistent and feel the same of people who smoke  drink  do dr 
 watching rosa de guadalupe and they talking shit on marijuana.
 san francisco weedwhackers  iheartsf citygrazing goats goatsofig citygoats 
 i love weed  
 denver business school introduces course on cannabis 
 all i smoke is gas  bigfacts
 the guy at smokers totally made my day
 when will they learn irvin is clearly not a good dude. where there is smoke  there is fire 
 504 goodies cigars we got that   @ st smoke shop 
 nothing is worse than running next to someone at the gym who is a smoker dont you know you reek stopsmoking gross dare goaway
 watching my grandma trying to sneak and smoke her ecigarette in the middle of a restaurant is hilarious
 @cnnopinion really your still calling the susan rice revaluation a distraction  or smoke screen
 you can do clever tricks  like shift your pentatonic run... if that doesnt work  then do a big bump and smoke some pot.
 @kaivanshroff they have always used her as a smoke screen. more misinformation.saveourusa
 happy birthday my g @currensyspitta. miss ya. smoke soon.
 happy birthday my g @currensyspitta. miss ya. link up and smoke soon. 
 i love weed it helps me sleep at night
 gravity will always remind me of oomfs  when wed smoke and take that night drive 
 my neighbors smoke alarm goes off every goddamn day idk if theyre horrible cooks or horrible stoners
 all checked in now to step outside and chain smoke till i have to go through security lol evefanfest
 whats this about the chain smokers i know plenty of chain smokers
 culture fit is often code word for sexism or ageism but you could end up somewhere where youre the outcast bc you dont smoke or whatever.
 @liltunechi must be backstage smoking all the weed in gainesville
 i love singing but apperently it is worse then two people with smokers boxes having a yelling argument 
 so dabbing is like freebasing marijuana... ok...
 was it a gram 2gs if you not a regular smoker and you smoked outta a bowl it shouldnt be but a couple days. 
 thc vs. cbd is an obvious distinction among most people who smoke weed. however  youd be 
 rt if youve never called weed bhang or kif  
 since im in d.c. and im 3 hrs ahead of l.a. and i want to say happy birthday to @heathhussar all of us 2nd hand smokers love you
 hmu for smoke
 me and brie have tea time like once a week and we just smoke eat and spill tea 
 my brother hasnt called me in months and the first words i hear is beep boop its the professional ganja smoker goodnight world
 the chainsmokers dont even chain smoke 
 guys that smoke a shit ton of weed gross me out
 i still have a little salvia with angelica root amp catnip to roll for smokes. wow i am so relieved that jesus got some help to minimize pain.
 when people have lets smoke smoke me out  lets match a bowl  420 friendly  in their bio 
 nigga im meeting sladamamproyce.  myriam just followed smokeysmokey meeting royce again and luces meeting yofri again holy fuckballs
 yall need to learn how to weed out fuck boys without shittin on men first one step at a time yall moving too fas 
 the best day of this month 420  happy early birthday to the weed baby @marianoel 
 i love when my older sister smokes a blunt with me
 @hawaiidelilah @shellybksf smoke and mirrors slight of hand. distraction tactics. con artist trickery cut to black.
 i guess cuz im more of a drinker than a smoker ill never understand the ways of smokers lol
 cigarette smokers  
 just smoke  dont choke  but your hoe will 
 good weed and gas @ club seven 
 @emberhaze smokers out 
 i just had to buy one smoker set  an extra smoker and a marco set otl my wallet hurts bad
 honestly lance stephenson would smoke pj tucker  hoopin and bumpin wise
   happy weednesday fam
 wheeling considers 100 percent smoke free idea. 
 im doing a persuasive speech on medicinal marijuana for my speech class..... lol
 im never talking to loren ball again because she smoked without me for the 163959739395757929th time in a row .
 i apologize to anybody who has class andor meetings with me today. i have a cough that is reminiscent of someone who smokes a pack a day.
 just smoked a happy joint
 hes not going 2 lift a finger amp north korea is just bluffing theyre not going 2 do anything just puffing smoke re 
 i would love a fucked who smelled like hippy weed chocolate....omgeeeeeeerd 
 backwoods i cant smoke no swisher that aint healthy 
 @msliving has vowed to never smoke with snoopdogg fusedesign firesidechat miami 
 i used to be called a druggie  now i look at the people who called me that and they popping pills and heading to raves yeah ill smoke my j
 @jcase or a vacuum hole. mines the cheaper one so it has the 2 vents in the back  not the smoke stack  not ideal for rain lol
 hanging out with friends in your 30s consists of excellent food  fine weed  amp great conversation. 
 i really wanna sit in the bleachers at night   smoke   and have deep conversation ... but you cant do that in durham 
 @wendzoy thank you weedy i love you so much i miss you ft me soon my love  
 goodmorning to everyone except those who think weed is bad for you
 ohhh what steve bannon removed from national security council. more smoke up the american peoples butts. we are told its bannon choice lol
 every song he bumps tells him to smoke @randymcsplash 
 arthur why is  blocked  @kathbeann and i start laughing  me thats marijuana  arthur oh
 arthur why is  blocked  kathleen and i start laughing  me thats marijuana  arthur oh
 you smoke too much youre gunna get cancer you are so gross  well shit man i had no idea 
 happy freaking birthday smoke dawggggg 
 mfs still smoke blacks thats disgusting
 crying and tagging smokey lol hahahahahahahahah sorry you are a moron 
 nothing says a good noon run than pretzels and colorful weeds.... @ the ohio state university 
 weezy said mixing weed like its gumbo
 she wanted to go sit by a lake  under a full moon while we smoked amp conversed. it was lovely. 
 @charlesarthur i assume youre joking about climate change.  basically  wout getting too deep in the weeds  the 
 what idiot called it scoring weed and not potluck
 7 grams in my backwoods i still smoke on my probation amp get good
 if youre about to smoke hmu its that simple
 im throwing a smoke fest for 420  hmu for details 
 i love that the girl sitting next to me blatantly smoke weed before coming to class.
 woman  weed  and weather
 women  weed  and weather
 dont choke on the excess of this fires smoke
 i came for the women weed weather
 i love weed lol
 when you just love to smoke 
 me  listening to smart people on podcasts like @podsaveamerica  the daily by @mikiebarb and @voxdotcom the weeds  t 
 lexi came up to folsom to smoke a blunt with me and take me to lunch to cheer me up i rlly love her 
 i dont see why all mas are being punished for that one dumbass who decided to smoke in the bathroom
 im smoking pot while u smoke weed
 we essentially did but only for smokers 
 next cig smokin mf that blows their smoke near me is getting bitch slapped. except @paulbeendead thats my mans
 just picked up that  live rosin roll from @haveaheart502. these things will make even the most experience smoker s 
 or smoke as much as u can cuz no one can outsmoke me lt3 
 gas what i smoke
 its disgusting to smoke a blunt after someone because you never know where their mouth has been  idk how yall do 
 beautiful day for a smoke. 2cigardudes cigar ymff 
 4541 bill hicks  elvis could have been a heavy smoker instead  of  a drug user and still be alive today 
 happy birthday to the guy who knows 85 of my secrets n basically my whole life cant wait to smoke blunts when im home @nickhoward321
 happy birthday @taterspud05 you can now legally get smashed and possess one ounce of marijuana in colorado congrats 
 i also love a woman who takes my cigarette smoke right in the face. 
 note that marijuana law only applies to people who are 21 and older
 i think ive finally recovered from black party. it was fun... son of a bitch i forgot to get my weed id back from the barber
 @repadamschiff @potus they are blowing smoke screans. rice did nothing wrong. you have to get rid of nunes. russia 
 @elsbet they have been talking about it for at least 10 years. i think it is a smoke screen to reinforce the free admission.
 i knew barry mannilow was a cock smoker
 me talking about class registration why do they make this so stressful my second roommate they do it to weed out the weak
 the gruul clan is a weed metaphore
 cody your blowing hot smoke up his ass. 
 @thefive lose bob beckel. just turned you off again. he is terrible  cant speak clearly and lost in the weeds.  pl 
 sippin a cold one watching a grown man load pounds of bbq chicken in a giant smoker. youre 
 came out for a evening smoke.  mastercigars @casacuevascigar cigars cigarlover 
 @vincentcassuli @newyorker if thats ur idea of a salad then god help u how about hemp or coconut oil. btw  no re 
 happy birthday ling wing chun @majorryung smoke one for me today 
 the scent of weed in the air was everywhere on this fine spring afternoon bike ride in thebronx  
 can someone drive me to smokers 
 despite the fact im writing my paper on weed  im bored to tears lol
 @sensanders ive heard nothing of legal marijuana in recent vp pence and potus trump speeches about fighting opioid 
 @syamimran @naveen2096 @thetimeigothigh which the weed helps them to accomplish. so yeah  i remember the main idea. 
 twisting up her love yeah i love to smoke
 rt this if your a black girl that smokes cigarettes and fucks white men
 choke on the smoke.
 happy birthday to my better half and this smoke show. cant wait to 
  what ya ass get for bein a roach smoker 
 leaving all distractions and bad habits in undergrad  maybe not weed but thats getting cut back too
 new orleans girls love smoking weed.
 holy smokes i cant believe your 16 my dude. happy birthday @bdmxxii  
 this will sound reactionary  but sometimes its just obvious. in 1 qtr i saw all i needed to see. celtics gonna get smoked if they face cle.
 @a2alayyoubi happy birthday free smoke free smoke. hope your day is as wow as you  love u boss
 spent some quality time with these ladies today. @ broken coast cannabis 
 its like i cant smoke nobody gas but my own
 they sure smoked some balls of taillon  but  7 scoreless 
 hmu for smoke
 all my family is hustlers and smokers.
 after i smoke midnight snack 
 im tryna smoke a thai stick for my birthday bet 
 its sad how hateful people are toward smokers  just for breathing
 my roommate @granatathegrape smokes crack but not weed  someone help him out here
 looking for one more ticket to the smokers club 420 if anyone is selling one dm me
 @porshacarreraxx ur faul i got musty azshorts still. she said smoke amp rub few out as i pack for me. now she all n 
 the celtics getting exposed as the frauds they are... getting smoked
 only smoke gas
 white people be doing too much with the weed. just roll that shit up and smoke and be regular  tireofyall 
 aye smoker on the bump
 white people be doing too much with the weed. just roll that shit up and smoke and be regular  tiredofyall 
 @kn45ty i put my weed on the tray when i took it out the grinder  thought it tasted funny and bruh theres white powder all over my nug
 l00k how happy i look when my boyfriend grabbed a weed off the ground  put it in my hair  and called me beautiful 
 crackaz always being extra just smoke the damn reggie  
 on who she 19 smoke gas but cant roll a j intheway
 i dont have time to delve into other peoples rts to see what theyre talking about with celebs that are on my tl  smoke weed mellow out
 this fuckin local commercial u smell like smoke thas disgusting
 within the first 3 hours of being in san francisco i witnessed two people smoke crack and blow it in my face
 good day at work  worked on my smoker  and had a good cry...today was a good day 
 someone bring me amp @taylorkleinhen a milkshake please youll get smoked out  we just need a milkshake.
 @hiitsericaaa better be weed smoke you blowing
 beer  weed  cooches
 and smoke backwoods 
 just made final plans for my 20 year hs reunion. where im from  that means a bar wear you can still smoke  camping and a float canoe trip.
 just made plans for my 20 year hs reunion. where im from that means a bar where you can still smoke  camping and a float canoe trip.
 happy birthday woody. you know i still love you and i wanna smoke a blunt with you today  @woodrowfeike 
 do niggaz smoke reg out of backwoods
 @njtransit 2 things  1 smokers are abounding at the south amboy 534 am wait zone  2  put more cars on all your trains 1  or two makes it.
 join us this friday for the micallefcigars      cigar aficionado big smoke after party  
 join us this friday for the micallefcigars  cigar aficionado big smoke after party  
 @goulcher @jimsterling i love how people think making the warnings bigger will deter smokers.  imagine if they applied that to all things
 happy birthday to one of my best friends @scooneymwb its only right we wake up and smoke one today timezones 
 walked into ap bio and mr. anderson screamed  holy smokes  ashely is back   haha yes mr. anderson  ashely is back
 i no longer smoke .. nobody offer me anything .. plz.
 if motorcycles were a rodeo trikes would be a shetland pony or a wood pellet smoker for a bbq analogy  @michaelberrysho @ramonroblesjr
 we really talking about weed in class lol
 im smoking a cigarette by the back door at work and this man drives by and says youre to pretty to smoke just wanted to say that god bless
 i love when smokers blame their cough on allergies 
 happy cannabis day 
 i forgot what weed looks like. its been a day.
 its a beautiful thing to see children communicating  collaborating  amp problem solving as one unit holy smokes 
 @pschrags because they always tell the truth. no bluffing or smokescreens in the nfl.  use your brain.
 never givin up on ssxan  rene1k  rich  ninoriqbayo  voitier  rico bravo  smokey  whole yjg and nun of my brothers 
 niggaz out here sellin weed for fun niggaz still be livin wit they mom n shit no bills tryna trap
 why have i not been a barstool smokeshow yet
 today  tcm @ happy clouds smoke shop 
 chateau fuente sungrown. year after year  a dependable solid smoke. @afuentecigars cigars purocigar @cigarsmoke 
 @berniceking @hyfiology ...first off  after all the smoke finishes coming out of the 20 bullet holes in you...
 people still taking xans and molly can yall not just smoke gas like mine godt.
 who has a smokers club ticket
 i wonder if some of yall would swipe your card for yall weed man. no cash weed man got the card reader on deck swipeswipe
 fucked around and got smoked
 i love food. i love weed.
 dont smoke  kids. its expensive
 how in the world are we going to explain this bizarre moment in marijuana enforcement to our grandchildren 
 think i got problems.. say that im crazy. love marijuana.. smoke on the daily 
 two women transported to hospital for possible smoke inhalation in randall st. fire. firefighters continue to look 
 if you dont have 420 friendly  in your tinder bio  do you really smoke weed
 ill never understand why cigarette smokers think its their godgiven right to toss butts into the street or sidewalk. find a garbage can.
 tickets available now at smokeys novelties and shotskis in salem or u can purchase online at 
 all i smoke is gas bitch
 republicans love the 10th amendment  unless were discussing legalizing marijuana  then suddenly theyre all about supremacy clause 
 happy birthday @lexieloks  smoke up on saturday is gonna be real for sure 
 when i smoke with people i start to see them different it can be good  bad  or neither but its always accurate
 smoking weed thinking about all the times i was down and out. i love life man.
 rave east free smoke
 she gave me 3 cigarettes to smoke my tears away
 so then the question is be humble a bonus....like that women  weed and weather... song i forgot about 
 ive just earned 85 points using cigar dojo  never smoke alone app. one step closer to the reward @delawarecigars 
 she decided to love. she decided to make pomaceous pie. yes she knelt to her oven. smoke 
 ive been off catnip for a minute weed is more harmless than catnip ya funny bunnies
 my stats teacher def smokes weed cuz shes always talking about it
 do you guys think griz smokes weed
 you know you smoked too much when you start talking like kourtney kardashian
 @jasonpwoodbury uncle rock smokes more weed than dad rock
 ive had a thing lately for simple  lightly tossed pasta dishes  smoked ham from mr. geauxmac 
 lots of debating  details  and the audacity of smelling cannabis smoke at the final meeting for 
 @amyluvxo i would fuck up and end up getting weed stuck in my nose 
 people freaking out about jeff sessions should know that men of his caliber see one thing. . and weed is the new cash crop.
 @snoopdogg unlce why are cops  compstating our weed for make a rap song about that
 stevejimmy is in weeds lol
 @ricksteves is such an awesome dude. his show is great  he loves weed  and all he wants to do is help people  love 
 women smoke pipes too cigars vs. pipe. i love both.  lumyer pipesmoker pipesmoke dallascigarartqueen 
 still blowing thick smoke while you powder your nose
 im so lame i dont be talking to nobody except my weed man
 i love the smell of some gas  both the liquid amp weed
 good morning to everyone except the kid parked next to me with a vape bumping chain smokers at 930 am
 i love weed more than i love my siblings 
 last month i damn near smoke a range rover
 last month i damn near smoke a range rover
 all ive done this car ride is smoke cigarettes and request gasolina be played.
 just watched a semi drive by with a ton of thick disgusting ass smoke shooting out 
 blowing smoke  
 im blowing smoke all damn day
 10 days no weed unless i can find some in florida
 i listen to straight beez when i smoke gas  his talent is different  everybody listen to my guy @keepitbeezy 
 the majority of my life is spent feeling like apl.de.ap or like the other member of the chain smokers...
 chain smoker 
 the tears of a clown by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 i just read an article on the dangers of heavy smokers and it scared the hell outta me... so thats it  after today  no more reading 
 @brandoncarroll that understand this stuff is far and few between. not many of our friends get deep in the weeds on this sorta thing.
 happyhour cigars and rollingpapers on sale @ midtown smoke shop 
 fbf old blues smoker evolution bullet smokers were replaced by a barrel smoker  then an oyler pit. now old blue 
 he a smoker 
 new chainsmokers smokers album lets gooo 
 both cwr mens soccer amp tennis ranked 2 in iowa mens soccer beat perennial power dub hempstead 40 th. congrats to coach graham amp team
 the chain smokers are low key my shit
 when you smoke that much youre not paying 10 a blunt tho..... this is ignorant. 
 chain smokers album  masters stream works strangely well together
 from the i crap you not department an actual sign i saw today.  please dont smoke near the can smacker  bad stuff happens if you do.
 i see clearer on weed n understand some dr seussi  in a not so funny but i understand it now lol im stuck out here 2 what can i do write
 @lennydournycc nah wanted to smoke with my guyza  see how you hmu when you sis lol
 this kid told me to hangout with him  the benefits were free weed  cool vws  and a puppy...... the puppy won me over
 youve never struggled unless youve smoked out of a soda can
 why was this just me.... hire me even though i sound like a chain smoker 
 @tayfai ew gross maybe  i gave the weed to my roommate anyway hahaha
 meditation  conversation amp a lil marijuana.
 they not real smokers so they dont understand 
 having a class conversation about weed 
 word lol niggas smoke that on the regular  
 my mom was talking to my 2 mom about getting weed amp she goes get me as best as you can be i have weed amp weeder talking bout adrian amp i 
 i smoke away all the tears
 but i love weed
 ive just earned 19 points using cigar dojo  never smoke alone app. one step closer to the reward @delawarecigars 
 i decided to smoke smoking weed 
 @johncena should start an antidrug campaign called you cant weed me
 me when scientists finally say weed is bad for you 
 before i die i wanted to smoke a moon rock and im smoking thats shit tomorrow
 mom just texted me saying shes depositing money for me and to not smoke it all in one place lolol
 i think the valet dude at my work takes my weed from my car high key
 ucd to offer physiology of cannabis this spring  via @davisentallstaf ucdavis education cannabis biology weed
 3000 gs of cannabis oil thats the closest thing to dragon ball that happens fr 
 i bought a carton of cigarettes today. i am officially a real smoker.
 these foreign backwoods too pretty to smoke   ima just start collecting them .... smoking unhealthy lol
 i would love to try shrooms because theyre natural and psychedelic but i get super paranoid just from weed so probs not a good idea 
 trump could be grimey and get all the bodegas for selling weed. we know yall not paying rent of 25cent bag chips.
 i just bought weed from my 15 year old brother lol i hate myself
 attention tacoma hashish smokers today polaricetracts502 just had a drop at 25trees in 
 who smokes dank
 i love music amp weed more than anything. those 2 things genuinely make me the happiest person alive
 i love coming home and smoking great amounts of weed after work
 at yonge amp dundas militant weed guy is yelling at militant evangelical gaysetalwillburninhell guy. the toronto agora is alive 2nite
 @putemupcdukes just got back from meeting.  i cant believe you smoked the whole thing  smoke weed everyday char in la
 blunnitville you know im smoked out....bless
 cold day to be a heater smoker
 one of our lovely tapas from @gkbwynwood   cherrywood smoked shrimp ceviche  lovely dates 
 @ih8mid im just tryna smoke here kimsoojas room of rainbows madrid  spain  oh my gawd
 idgaf who knows i smoke weed because i love it
 musty balls masked by weed is a smell i encounter far too often
 nows the perfect chance to call immigration weed on my beaner ass neighbors for snitching on me for smoking weed
 @bryanridall @rosenbergradio  mr. intellectual. dont throw rocks at a glass house  amp put that in ur pipe n smoke it
 has multiple connects until time of buying weed
 whos down to smoke hmu ill scoop
 @andrewbrandt give up a ton of money so they can smoke weed priorities
 @hannahhhc96 eli gt marshmello gt chain smokers
 hey i know  ill smoke about 4 bowls and call @michaelberrysho  itll be hilarious prolly this dude
 white guy with dreads im a rastafarian.  so  what youre saying is you like to smoke pot
 @edmorrissey holy smokes. i drive by that building every day.  dangerous @petefrt
 youre the cigarette  and im the smoker 
 @kaivanshroff id like to believe it was the weed talking
 i love weed.
 someone in my neighborhood is smoking a boatload of what can only be classified as the exact opposite of dank weed and it is disgusting
 happy birthday to my mom amp spirit animal @l1ldebbie  cant wait to meet you one day amp smoke together  queend 
 watching @discovery alone and this jackass is hoarding his food he has plenty of smoked fish 33 of them fucking eat u moron
 @ochocinco what kind of cigars do you smoke 
 is that smokey robinson scandal
 in the mood for weed amp good conversation.
 i just want a pic of kim kardashian smoking weed that would b the only thing to cheer me up right now
 hate when smoke get in my nose or my eye
 ugas ran outta gas he getting smoked
 @foreverizel why does smoking have such a bad stigma if everyone most ppl smoke programming  imma assume youre talmbout weed lol
 the beans are soaked and ready for the bacon and smoker. these are gonna be good. bbqbeans 
 my uncle has a speaker that if you say alexa it responds amp he just said alexa where the weed at hahaha
 i love weed
 @akilsj happy birthday from me and bryce akon be safe bryce will smoke you out 
 someone give me a reason why the hell chain smokers came on my cole swindell pandora station 
 lighting stog after stog  choke on the smoke they tell me to quit  dont listen what im told  help me forget that this world is so cold.
 so nobody is tryna smoke then ok
 youve smoked weed like twice now. chill
 smh slaw ass weed men
 @kootra so in the hud cas you talked about using marijuana in on camera @straincentral is the guy who seems to know the rules damn good
 @apaigeeee do people not understand this was a maximum security prison. they werent there for weed they were there for some fucked up shit.
 each cigarette cuts a day away from your life.  chain smokes profusely 
 i forgot how fire kid cannabis is
 im from the birthplace of drive through smoke shops 
 i dont understand people who smoke cigarettes in cold weather. youre going to die from lung cancer and frostbite
 got to see the end of this one after class.   that tally in the 9th for cbu was no cheap shot. that ball was smoked 
 chain smokers 
 the only thing better than the shade on it being midgrade weed is the fact that it was hidden in scarface frames 
 all i want to do is smoke cigarettes with @heathhussar
 who has dank i need weed asap smh
 @l1ldebbie happy birthday chica  smoke one for ya  
  the smoke is coming through the vents lord help me please 
 my favorite reoccurring rap theme is mailing weed
 i remember how you smiled through the smoke in a crowded little coffeehouse and you laughed at all my jokes.
 gas what i smoke niqqa @foreverlulu0  
 @longislandtonv @gnatseepunches @ncmama1970 @pascuzzo @marym47 @mattyglesias weed and mindlessness got us here
 city of stars  just one thing everybody want..  there in the bars  and through the smokescreens of the crowded restaurants..  its love..
 lol this is what happens when i start smoking weed again. 6am philosophical shiloh. oh well. better than crazy shiloh eh
 i love weed
 i dont blame you at all by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 ijustlovetohate people who smoke cigarettes while standing next to the door you have to enterexit. gross goaway
 no he didnt lol rt @chuuzus lmao chance the rapper really made a malia obama we all smoke its ok shirt  
 foh  rt @chuuzus lmao chance the rapper really made a malia obama we all smoke its ok shirt  
 @joefreshgoods  rt @chuuzus lmao chance the rapper really made a malia obama we all smoke its ok shirt  
 @realdonaldtrump mr. president extreme vetting needs to apply to the university rioters  detained  vetted and weed out the paid agitators.
 @ptxthingsfirst tbh i know youll end up going for the chain smokers and thats ok i understand
 waiting for a inspector  nice time for a friday smoke. victorsinclairrd smoke hvaclife cigar 
 chain smoker
 maybe its not a good idea to smoke while you have a cold
 i need moon rocks ... weedwax form and yeezy form 
 love how my sister calls me randomly to smoke me out 
 now theyre talking about investing in marijuana
 when youre waiting for your friend to take you to dinner but theyre busy smoking weed with casey affleck 
 @emmonspired worry not son its a smoke screen
 liberty leaf shifts to loi on 27.5 acquisition of profitable california weedco 
 my tits look amazing today  im so happy to finally be gaining weight again. never take away my marijuana again you stupid florida
 whats attractive about a pot head or a smoker
 sally heyman clearly has no idea how medical marijuana works 
 this is not weed. its a protein powder  
 when burkhardt has smoke coming out of it .. so you dont have class all day. 
 i love smoking weed thank you world for weed
 @caseydagoat never thought you smoked like that lol
 to the guy in the truck in front of me who keeps blowing black smoke i drive a diesel too
 start talking to your kids about marijuana by being open and honest. learn other tips from @theannmariejohn at 
 @patriciajerene thats what happens when youre on weed.
 just smoke one its the perfect kinda meditation. @wizkhalifa 
 this plant has been subjected to abuncha bullshit @dashdiva oncecloseted corp. stoner leading marijuanas march to mainstream womengrow
 do you smoke smokers yes. nonsmokers never have  never will. stoners smoke what
 meditation  conversation and a lil marijuana
 churchill stick today. i sleep a little  and i smoke cigar after cigar. that is why i am in twohundredpercent fo 
 all you got to do is legalize weed amp say i love beyonc amp black people would love you @realdonaldtrump
 as a non smoker i seriously am concerned about any good conversation i miss out on when i do not join you for smokes breaks
 from cold ass nights i was stinkin alone and my clothes ranked and they reeked of the dank ass weed from the blanks and the floor my nigga
 from cold ass nights i was stinkin alone and my clothes ranked and they reeked of the dank ass weed from the planks in the floor my nigga
 anybody get they weed from 78th and western a clown lmaao these niggas be skimping the fuck outta yall
 this is too accurate for the stoners. im the professional  happy amp i  weed smoker. which ones are yall  
 smoking room is releasing the final lp born wrong love by weed. stream their new track favourite hate 
 not if you an actual smoker  who tf wants to depend on a mf to get them high  
 battle rap and smoke
 smoking a ton of weed 
 rt @laurvel we all smoke  its ok  
 @pokelahoma ive never been into it but @dereknorton83 is. has a horizon smoker. hes gotten really good.
 @bhooverneoh i have no idea but its probably smoke and mirrors...or illegal.
 why do hammond weed men think the feds worried about them
 im at big shanty smokehouse in kennesaw  ga 
 @lennydournycc my brib flexing on some broccoli tryna see if you still smoke
 meditation  conversation  and a lil marijuana
 i love people who randomly hmu to smoke like yes you my favorite 
 only roll backwoods when i smoke my enemies 
 you know youre a stoner when you smoke before the gym.
 @suthenboy @senschumer like smokey robinson sang. the tears of a clown.
 yal dont be getting high blowing all that smoke out 
 happy birthday smokey  
 just here to get off my chest that my friend came over my house  and she saw my bong wasnt clean and low on weed she never texted me again
 i dont smoke regular  i smoke kushhhhhh 
 my friday night consists of weed and a personal bottle of hennessy
 @laurelschuett @samheughan baby arugula. used to start indoors. all the fluorescent lighting looked like i was growing weed in my house
 id love to blow pot smoke right in the face of @realmichaelkay cc @rosenbergradio
 damn all i do is listen to shitty rap and smoke weed. i should probably apply to college  and get a job lol
 last night ms.daisy getting her singing on to smokey robinson....part 1...she loves that 
 stick shift  smoke
 happy boofday @mattynelson3 smoke a large wood
 now if kurupt gaf bout a bitch id always be broke id never have no mf indo to smoke
 i love smoking weed
 as i sit here and smoke this blunt  i realize i got a lot of people mad at me  men and women but  oh well  it does not matter to me
 happy birthday bro  smoke some later ill roll a few woods  @miguelitoo8
 @wyoweeds clarification is good. theres more than one kind of weed scientist now 
 apparently the british public appreciate people who whine. chain smoke. sit around and worry how popular they are constantly. dreary cbb
 i have to get tickets to migos one day so that mary will smoke weed with me
 sad smoke and listen to outkast happy smoke and listen to outkast. bf cheat on ya smoke and listen to outkast.
 i just balled out at the smoke shop lol
 @alexpadilla4ca @sdutideas ca will have theyre voter roles audited to weed out unauthorized voters and hopefully padilla will face charges.
 8 hr shift.. o my i can not wait to smoke when im off
 @darlovesamerica easy on the hippy dope smokers. these are not the kids of stoners. mom and dads oxycontin maybe. big pharma loves these da
 i just love to smoke 
 would love to smoke some marijuana rn
 this so true   why you aint do the dishes i bet if you quit smoking all that weed you can remember what i 
 my roommate is wasted and just gave me weed. 
 i am into happy and i dont like sad  i like to have women ive never had. ill take a little smoke and a lotta wineeeeeee
 nothing more annoying than an x smoker talking shit while you smoke.
 just passed a vapor store while driving with gram and she said ill be  look at all that smoke in there. theyre gonna smother.
 alright who wants to go see the chain smokers with me
 all i smoke ih gas
 im smoking weed under the subway because it cold outside this what newyorkers do 
 you ever buy a ticket to the junkies boneyard..... its a terrible song. i nailed that demon in a smoke proof coffin.
 brought to you by old chum.  everybody smokes but only the good men smoke old chum 
 and karina and casey and daniel and ohana of course and all yall holy smokes tmhs has talent
 heading to spin at smokeonthewaterweston come check me deejaykns @ smoke on the water cigar bar 
 lol smoke everything except cigs  of course broccoli is amongst  good for the health.. lol im always stoned at wo 
 gas what i smoke
 except me im not a smoker  
 love smoking weed
 when ur family who is allll 10 years older than i am is smokin out of an electric canabis vape
 just saw a forest fire. i called smokey . no worries.
 drink up amp smoke hmu 
 dilated eyes good weed in the ride 
 i stole my roommates weed because i wanted to i guess
 its hilarious watching someone choke on vape smoke 
 everybody in houston think they got gas fuck outta here yall weed dont compare to chicago shit point blank period.
 wow the picture of you with a lollipop emoji over your blunt and you blowing smoke is totally not obvious that ur smoking the weeds.
 i went and got white castle after my smoke  and im so fucking happy 
 a meditation the smoker  poem poetry blog
 what is                         marijuana dabbing
 nowwatching thedetour hulu laughing so hard i should smoke a bowl to relax amp go to bed. fb
 @goobiekr im sure trumpadoodledoo loves his ganja doe
 gas what i smoke.
 i love weed 
 dylan and bubba just recited the funniest parts in the movie cheech amp chong up in smoke has m dying 
 lol @ that one time a guy on insta hmu to tell me he had trees in case i wanted some i dont even smoke 
 @halcy i have one. its just the bud. its marijuana thats expensive
 using my @dynaglo offset smoker this morning. smoking some pork butt and brisket for a birthday party 
 @kellermatt whats on the smoker
 the moral of the gas i smoke a week
 happy birthday smokey @mrsoccermom
 love too smoke 100 cigarettes outside of the airport.
 the gang is all here. it is a blistering 23 so i think the smoker blanket will be called into 
 hbd 2my right hand  sister in crime  ganjagirl  day1 i love you best friend thank you for the laughs amp tears. her 
 theres a special place in hell for cigarette smokers.
 hbd 2my right hand  partna in crime  ganjagirl  day1 thank you for all the laughs amp tears best friend here to a 
 performing at a place called blew smoke cigar today. no joke just want u all to know someone chose that name for their business.
 @iyanlavanzant tell that to the bodies of tamir rice  eric garner etc. tell it to the countless black men serving damn near life for weed..
 when shes fine af  smokes  amp it just happens to be her birthday
 @artymcfartyent  rememeber when we were in the drive thru and i blew my blunt smoke at the dude taking our moneys face haha
 happy birthday loser. i dont where id be without our constant banter. smoke a fatty. love you so so much 
 youre the cigarette  im the smoker
 @alexilalas sometimes i think you just roll a smoke bomb into the room to see what happens.
 meditation   conversation and a lil marijuana 
 happy birthday smoke @tyrekl
 i heard houston weed men still sleep...lol
 the smoker blanket has been called into duty. 37 is a little cold to be fighting against so 
 shoutout to all my daily smokers who do shiiz
 @lrihendry as smokey robinson sang. the tears of a clown.
 carry out from one of our favorites @ beale st. smokehouse bbq  @bealestbbq in fenton  mi 
 happy shatterday take amp tweet a photo of your favorite form of cannabis with weedmaps for a chance to be featured 
 the only reason why im rt this is  because joel is talking about weed.. jk this the truth 
 the fact that all my siblings smoke weed is lit... i love smoking with company.
 im definitely the happy smoker  
 all of this. from the amazing @theceliabehar cannabis removing the stigma because its 2017 ffs  via @huffpostblog
 dont smoke in the lobby ima be your boss next year hush.
 happy birthday big fella love you and miss you dont get smoked too much out there in louisiana 
 happy smoker  
 just fired up the smoker. smelling great around here. lol 
 if u a dependable weed man holla at me
 @funnypicsdepot after how do you smoke it lol
 we get it  you smoke pot
 psa if youre going to smoke in the car plesse role the window down  thnx 
 psa if youre going to smoke in the car please role the window down  thnx
 line music @ b.t.s smokehouse 
 traveling with smokers is so annoying  all they ask is when is the next smoke break
 @evxnlxrx @levitationjones literally may have just gotten me kicked out for smoking when they all smoke themselves 
 spoil urself this vday smoke a boquet of blunts and love urself
 spoil urself this vday smoke a bouquet of blunts and love urself
 some girls are all about diamonds. this girl loves diamonds  smokers 
 @xxxrachelroxxx smoked a joint drank a beer dont end up in the walgreens parking lot screaming obama stole my foodstamps getn the cop call
 growing up study by wes hempel  weshempel georgebillisgallery oilpainting @ george billis 
 chugging sparkling cranberry juice amp inhaling a lb of chocolate coz i dont have any weed or ibuprofen 
 @nygovcuomo @stonewallinnnyc @ltgovhochulny unless theyre pot smokers...
 henry  ivan aka famous frass kansas 21.59 oh the weed buss @tnfjunkie @lsabre  we wish him better times lol
 @goddesserotika @dirkhooper @rtpig @rtfucker @rtmutt pretty much the sexiest smoker out here
 shout out to @danpfeiffer @podsaveamerica and @ezraklein @voxdotcom the weeds for powerful scotus messages. must l 
 sometimes im the happy smoker and other times im the i  weed smoker 
 im the happy smoker  
 dank is right  im convinced instead of hops  this is brewed with weed @relicbrewing   weed dank craftbeer 
 i finally kicked my cold and can taste my weed again. im so happy
 when the smoke gets in your eyes...crawfish dabayoubrah @ bayou beer garden 
 the weed man is getting married today so he cant bring my usual. fuck your wedding and bring me my shit
 being out of weed is so depressing
 meditation  conversation and a lil marijuana. i know when shit aint right you can act if you wanna.
 meditation  conversation  amp a lil marijuana 
 holy smokes @adamrichman...hope youre getting royalties from ginormous foods. its essentially your old show minus the best part
 me and britt smoked a joint but yall are the ones talking to a wall. me to @itsronson and @mynameisandytoo
 if youre not jiggy  var or q then im not linking up with you unless im getting smoked out 
 owcp  medicinal cannabis research israelamp8217s leading role  @jefffriedland marijuana medicalmarijuana owcp
 afc or nfc who ya got one of these @lfdcigars will be my victory smoke for the winner of 
 wish @aaronwatson tickets werent 500 at the weed tonight. collegebroke
 @capnryder @ and while everybodys talking about the moslems hes slinking off the kkk we got2 keep our eye on the ball smoke and mirrors
 the pro  or the i love weed lol 
 i 100 believe martha stweart smokes weed
 exploring the smokeys orch @ gatlinburg  tennessee 
 michigan basketball alumni reunion with this smoke show  @ crisler center 
 @xxxrachelroxxx i smoked a joint drank a beer amp dint end up in the walgreens parking lot screaming obama stole my foodstamps getn cop calld
 michigan basketball alumni reunion with this smoke show  @ crisler center 
 i love you people more than i love weed and thats saying a lot 
 proudly holding the financial post article about cannabis culture that is in print in 13 daily 
 i love weed
 who trynna smoke  big gas on me
 im good on paying a bill to see stars smoke and drink on stage
 this st paul hospital security guard refused to let my wife reenter the hospital after we went outside for smoke  i 
 having a smoke out for my birthday 
 @realdonaldtrump he still owns everything  this trust is smoke and mirrors. conmantrump socalledpig 
 if you smoke cigarettes outside when its below 0  youre a string
 did you know council oaks signature smoked old fashioned starts with lighting wood on fire and ends with an orange 
 never trust a nigga who smoke them blunt down like him 
 lol @idontneedamap82 im not blowing smoke 
 she loves to smoke
 fucking love weed
 meditation  conversation  amp a lil marijuana  
 @keyssxv im not talking seashells now ... im talking about the things you roll weed in
 what a lovely day. cleaned the playroom  purged  smoked a pork butt all daywas amazing  presents amp yummy dessert  and bonfire to end it.
 insurance adjuster couldnt go to my blanks house bc my blank is growing weed plant in his closet 
 @realskipbayless lost romo had rookie qb rookie rb and a defense with smoke and mirrors amp you dont see it perhaps u need a career change
 you have to understand i am the only black woman with real hair and nails in the cannabis game winning right now 
 mike k loves attention. daddy uconn smoked you twice for a national championship. go back to bed. 
 @johnwestra zomg i read a smokey bear comic 2 my kids tonight theyre all  how come hes wearing pants and im  ummm... hes also a man.
 @martynaafox @johnminehan1 @salenazito oh  and love smoked eel
 @planettyrus answer weed whacker gutfeld
 @cameronstell can you say  blowing smoke  mr. .@potus
 @colelee1996 give the man a break though everyone smokes rocks on their birthday
 @leenuh0 i just smoke lol
 all i smoke is gas.
 im at smokestack in san francisco  ca 
 my friend has to use his inhaler so he can smoke weed lmao
 @davidchiarelli ta for the rt on cannabis
 blowing smoke. 
 a mash up of the chainsmokers and smokey robinson. chainsmokey robinson
 koreanzombie coming out to cranberries just gave me some drunk  weed and coke high memories.
 chain smokers paris 
 idk how people smoke cigarettes on a daily basis  fucking gross
 im high afffff but who cares where the weed men at 
 i just made weed an infused vodka cranberry
 i finally understand how wiz felt when he ran out of weed while touring on one of his daytoday episodes lol
 birthday smoke
 this guy is a real crowd pleaser beer i. do air come over here and get sum reefer
 is it still punk rock to smoke pot on stage lemme run back to 1992 and ill let you know.
 its soooooo unattractive to me if you smoke constantly
 @ikilledmarlon dare i advocate medicinal hemp oils
 this is what happens when you consumed enough alcohol and weed to last you until 2 and you end the night at 12 you start tweeting deep shit
 i remember how you smiled through the smoke in a crowded little coffeehouse and laughed at all my jokes
 i still cant believe i told my older brother i smoked omgg
 @aishasams  we should smoke crack @kcallantine  i think thats the best idea youve ever had
 @sandprincess @adolfhibsta youre dumb for not knowing why im calling you a pipe smoker.. 
 im a hell of a smoker  and a bit of a drinker
 im not coming to nobodys house if i cant smoke while watching the game. nope. denied.
 except weed 
 so i smoked a blunt .... twice
 clean sheets lasted exactly 34 hours before i spilled weed all over them.
 if youre looking for somewhere to watch the biggame and smoke great cigars come to one of the lovo cigar lounges 
 doesnt everyone go outside before dawn to weed their yard lol my neighbors think im strange  earlybird gets muddy amp cold
 i can only truly get into deep flow state like once or twice a month and it always involves a copious amount of weed
 i forget just how gross smoking is until i take an uber ride in a smokers car. fun fact its a prius.
 it never fails i always lose my joint in the club  i wonder if a mf picked it up .. fat ass wood i was suppose to smoke with my sustas 
 @mattslifenwords its the weed here. lol
 holy smokes i cannotrefuse to believe that my babybrother is 21 years old today i love 
 mediation  conversation and a little marijuana
 meditation  conversation and a little marijuana
 im a happy smoker 
 the happy smoker  
 happy smoker  
 @thatgirlkelsy is the happy professional smoker  @allhailroyalty the sipping smoker 
 countdown to kickoff....6 hours to get to pick up your favorite smoked fish dip  likeshare with your friends. 
 im that happy i love weed smoker 
 why do old men slobber on the pipe when smoking weed and why do i never check before i take a hit and get old man spit on my mouth 
 @jeffbaum13 @kristendana waffles and i put smoked salmon on then for the fleshy parts lol
 @tjeckerle love my good one smoker
 chain smoker  
 i smoke rapper weed its that moon rock
 you know its getting warm out when you can smoke with the windows down
 im the scary smoker and you the i  weed one @shawneebee 
 free smoke estates
 @therealtandre you used to be the happy smoker in 11th grade  remember you kissed the blunt before you passed it t 
 the fact i have to drive 30 minutes for weed is really blowing me.
 @grownmanballin bump your back side down here  and well combine your sausage with my smoked tenderloin sliders brother
 happy birthday  @ohwenndi you ready to smoke fat today
 @grownmanballin i can smoke meat in 20 deg. weather. that baby rocks all year long. weather dont matter.
 none of my bongs break i only smoke gas.
 im always fake busy unless its time to smoke or eat
 @hightimesmag pegs tom price not sessions the real marijuana enemy in trumps cabinet  
 i love bonding with people over our mutual love for marijuana.
 which is the real smoker.... 
 new bedroom beautiful wood grain  olive ash amp quartered oak brass accents amp smoked glass 
 nigga im so high  is it the weed or the bo.
 .@realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor nah im good. i would rather smoke weed and read friendly facism by bertram myron gross.
 how yall be high ash but be blowing out all the smoke
 i  weed smoker  
 meditation  conversation and a little marijuana
 yo im getting smoked by a 7 year old in 8ball
 the professional and the happy smoker lmao 
 i love oregon amp washington for their vast love of marijuana  
 churchkey holysmoke scotchale peaty smoke nose  dark choc malt w peaty smoky finish campbellford ontario beer 1620 
 @angdonlon @lyndag1963 as smokey robinson said. tears of a clown.
 the happy smoker 
 snow bunting tracks in the snow around the weed seed. flock swirling across the field. 
 the shit on his tongue smoker had me weak  
 he in love...in love with that weed 
 rashad gave me some dank homegrown weed which knocked my socks right off my feet.
 i just found out smokerjumpers grill has veggie patties. i shed a tear
 what happens if you just eat weed @makennamae
 chain smoker 
 bradys getting smoked and i fucking love it
 i never been so happy to smoke good fuckin weed since i stopped picking up frm twan lmaoooo
 pats are getting smoked defensively right now. falcons offense moving the ball very efficiently. sb51
 pass that weed around. @liltunechi
 they wouldnt understand how good this weed is 
 @dbnkev @stephenasmith cowboys would have smoked yall. lucky refs fucked the cowboys out of nfc championship
 did i just catch martha making a cannabis joke
 love a good weed innuendo
 you know the marijuana culture is changing when a tmobile jokes about pot and cannibus on a superbowl commercial
 best superbowl commercial so far @verizon with @snoopdogg amp @marthastewart. a bag of greenery for your topiary a cannabisque killedit 
 guys @ahmanda0 just told me that people who sell weed in colorado are called budtenders punny
 tmobileone with a can of bisque  cannabis commercial with @snoopdogg and @marthastewart   sb51 anyone catch that
 happy birthday smoked turkey @tgrindle797 
 i think i accidentally just inhaled beer into my lungs does that mean i smoked it
 brady smoked some good gas before the game 
 memes make me so happy when theyre danker than weed
 the thought of demarcated marijuana terroirs makes me incredibly happy trustmeimasommelier 
 then men who love me most husband daddy gatlinburg familytime @ smokey mountains 
 @snoopdogg @tmobile @marthastewart i didnt know tmobile was weed friendly. thats nice to know. internets
 shit my squad better be waiting for me at home.. after this super bowl ima need to smoke a super bowl rt rt
 oh youre the maid if you find some left over weed laying around hmu.. 
 when you have 2 blunts and nobody to smoke with
 @hannahhlee1 you do not smoke weed lol.
 grade a cannabis directly from the vineyards of northern california  hmu only available for a limited time
 my dad swears i smoke cigs wtffff
 @samlachtara i know you won the bet but can you still consider this cuz i think you would be a total smoke with this cut
 my new weed mans shits too gas im a happy woman
 @chavezjayme all i smoke is gas
 @718papi mad love brother today we smoke
 woman  weed amp weather.
 i smell like a group of chain smokers right now.
 justo smoke a cigarette and  hush
 gelato my backwood. she love to smoke good  
 i only smoke with my mens
 if you smoke weed  not really   like basketball  lakers    love the summers  and have goals. hmu because youre already my best friend.
 i would love to get paid to smoke. like is that a thing 
 real gas smoker 
 my true loves women and weed
 sprawled on grass  amidst dandelion weeds  assaulting moms   lawn sensibilitiesmade her worry   what neighbors would say tanka poetry
 no bicker if i fucked w someone who aint smoke it would damn near tempt me to quit
 lighting stoag after stoag  choke on the smoke
 before anyone even comments about my voice  no im not a smoker  i know i sound like a man  and unless youve got some new material  
 love guys that dont smoke.
 ndgt  werent you the ball buster that smoked every child loved pluto 
 @nycdeb8tr @iowatrump clinton was way worse she hadnothing2 beginwith smokeampmirrors falcons have good team 2get there ranout of gas
 happy birthday to the ganja master.. bob marley
 and wee blowing reefer
 goodnight  drive safe. no street racing. unless you know youre faster and can smoke them 
 the day i smoke a blunt on the balcony of my own home   i might shed a tear because i know i finally made it
 smokin flakka you a jackass  all i smoke is gas 
 someone sell me a ganja ticket at the intersection god damn it
 i sound like a damn smoker
 man exposed california corruption feared 4 his life  death ruled suicide by smoke inhalation multiple stab wounds 
 i know im bias but holy smokes shes beautiful  i love how her personality shines thru in 
 @itsboyschapter love it screw them non smokers
 i present you with my amazing method  i just made up how to smoke keef 
 gas when i smoke 
  imy beautiful hope you get the job lol and hope you been doing good  stay out of trouble and hmu to smoke some soon
  she never leave my shit on e or smokeless... nor horny... balls drained  stomache on 
 i dont understand why cigarette smokers think its okay to just throw their cigarette butts anywhere they please 
 anyone that smokes cigarettes is disgusting period. 
 where are the real weed men 
 do i know anyone in stockholm that smokes medicinal herbs 
 @tokinwhite happy day white chocolate bwaaa  smoke one for me.
 i like it when women smoke cigars 
 if you want smoke i can offer that 
 freestuffoc moving sale free broyhill loveseat lahabra moving must be picked by tuesday. in a smoke free home. 
 happy birthday to my amazing sister you can finally legally smoke your life away 
 said she never smoked  i turned her to a stoner
 backwood brothers coming 2017 stickers  clothing to smoking i got something for woman that smoke backwoods to 
 this is what happens when you smoke to much chron. 
 @phildruyor @garypgold @sensanders just please remember to take all the weed and weed smokers 
 im a smoker 
 doctors are so quick to tell you not to smoke  but as soon as you go outside  you see them smoking. dumbass
 @rubi2s @marthastewart @snoopdogg the iowa cannabis rn you guys
 happy birthday to my day 1 nigga first black friend i made in sgms smoke one when i get out of work  @ogkadin
 all i smoke is gas 
 rt for all the smokers out here and specifically not eddy quintana everyone buy sodas while yall at it 
 ya i love to smoke....meat  daily mr. simpson quote 
 meditation  conversation amp a lil marijuana
 me im going to the playroom to smoke  thandi thats all you know vele    
 nothing better than blowing some smoke with my baby
 a lil marijuana aint never hurt nobody 
 happy smoker  
 happy smoker  
 i love ya @kennychesney ... im the kid that actually sold you that @miamidolphins hat in 2004.... kissing smokey.. 
 @phildruyor @kma916 @garypgold @sensanders see this is what happens when u smoke too much weed. u lose the ability 
 the professional and happy smoker  
 going smoke after i do this shyt
 professional   i  weed   and the happy smoker  
 @uberfacts unisex  men can too unless youre insinuating that women dont smell like weed... which is just factually incorrect
 youre blowing smoke at me burger 
 young dope smoker.
 oil gas  a super bowl party  and a 12foottall meat smoker 
 oil gas  a super bowl party  and a 12foottall meat smoker 
 oil gas  a super bowl party  and a 12foottall meat smoker 
 happy smoker  
 who cares if someone stole tom bradys sb jersey now  if it was an authentic brandon weeden jersey  now youre talking
 i love weed
 we get it  you smoke backwoods
 nvleg love all the medical cannabis bills 
 im def the happy smoker lmaooo i just be chillin lit slll 
 when it dank is too weed 
 its the rellos smoke paper bro if you talking about smoking the gas 
 yall giving out free weed or nahhh 
 meditation. conversation. amp a little marijuana
 @crystalsierraa we the  weed smokers 
 lebron smoked it
 lebron travels  smokes a lay up  comes back on the other end and banks in a fall away 3. what a sequence.
 lebron still aint smoke doe
 cherrysmokeshop dabbing dab dabs concetrate wax @ cherry smoke shop 
 tell me why all the stoners i went to school with  thought bob marleys birthday was on 420  happy birthday to the king of weed 
 happy smoker and the i love weed smoker 
 im always paranoid when i smoke now for reasons i would never understand 
 follies  phipps  i smoke a zip raf simons on  yeah and my gas strong
 whos wants to go see the chain smokers in april
 will smoke a blizunt w who ever takes me on a drive
 watching barry  i forgot @barackobama smoked.
 @boburnham did i just see you at lax or has the weed fucked me up
 rt but ion smoke 
 jesus @madflavor .. as much as @leesyatt likes weed and getting stoned. hes the biggest baby. gags  chokes  pukes over bowl  edibles  cmon
 chica and i will out smoke anymore
 all that mean is ur a social smoker lol 
 @dancehalldaze   smokey robinson and the miracles
 some girls smoke gas some smoke reggie see me im a gas type of girl but them ones who just started smoking smoke nun but headache 
 im such a chain smoker with blunts. if i know theres more than one i need to smoke them back to back to back lol
 @johngarces @rebourneagain @tnacreative @afreakydude @unforgivenronin he had emphysema amp still smoked i know  i knowbadwell because he
 @johngarces @rebourneagain @tnacreative @afreakydude @unforgivenronin still smoked  his dr would just dismiss my dad when he told him that
 @thecherness i forgot that she smoked the bette davis impersonation is frightening. 
 andalucia  9 smoked white oak... just beautiful americasbestflooring buyfromsadi flooringdesign 
 dear @bachelorabc  can you please weed out the wannabe instafamous women next time around thank youuu
 @mikehamwey i guess a 19 year old marine cant smoke a cigar because he looks young  great logic.
 gas what i smoke
 @kendaii1975 i love how the weed is in this
 i smoke  he tells me how happy the world is
 your a cigarette im a smoker
 yall ever just smoked with your significant other amp then looked at them like a snack yup.
 i get so damn happy when i fyy up that weed
 @americalost 67understand. he told us who he was. u guys just enjoy some1blowing smoke up ir ass like those used car dealers who love u
 playing final fantasy benzod out boutah smoke some gas as well dont click on this stream or youlle catch aids 
 playing final fantasy benzod out boutah smoke some gas as well dont click on this stream or youlle catch aids 
 just get me weed for my birthday.
 happy 420 smokers 420 smokers maryjaneterritory @welovingkush @marijuanalegal @hightimesmag 
 shes a good teaser  amp we blowing reefer
 god i love weed...
 lighting stog after stog choking on smoke they tell me to quit dont listen to what im told  they help me forget that this world is so cold
 an old friend would say never trust men without vices. as he smoked fifty dollar cigars and 
 oh yeah mario has the right idea tune in  turn on and smoke out 
  rt @exhaledank this is the largest weed farm in the world  
 happy birthday beautiful one i love you soooo much our talks and smoke seshs bring me happiness have a good day bb @ashleerz
 remember how we used to smoke @justisrorie 
 international cannabis summit in israel  owcp 
 guys  we are watching 21 things wed rather do than smoke in health class im why @smosh
 for every cigarette you smoke  god takes an hour away from your life and gives it to keith 
 people draggggggg shit. grow up. move on. love life. smoke a blunt. do something
 shes like i have a daughter who smokes and i love her. few more kids pop their hands up
 @lebatardshow @stugotz790 @michaelryanruiz @gregcote could blow cigar smoke at the camera.
 bout to smoke these tweeds ahha
 happy smoked and the i  weed smoker it me 
 esteban from weeds is so hot
 the shit on his tongue smoker  
 im the proi love weed smoker 
 nike air max zero essential  smokey bluewhite 130 men sizes 813 available now online and at 
 the happy smoker lol 
 @rikkileegrand @wadexwilson still smells like smoke before theyre washed lol
 so to the girl walking in front of me blowing gross secondhand smoke my way  i sure do love cigarette toxins
 it would only be right to smoke @avocigars syncro special toro while listening to avo uvezian cigar cigars sotl 
 it would only be right to smoke @avocigars syncro special toro while listening to avo uvezian cigar cigars sotl 
 but  i am not someone that identifies as a weed smoker or a stoner  please  remember that. when i travel  i just live in the moment.
 @aeidinger @realdonaldtrump no pot smoker is surprised. only the young. we old stoners are use to this and not afraid. why are you
 which is worse 4 me xanax dependency multiple times dailybeing an active cigarette smoker multiple times daily  bc its 1 or the other
 they only love me if i got weed to smoke
 @shampoovta @realdonaldtrump yeah i think jeffsessions is coming for my legal home grown marijuana.
 never trust someone who smokes menthols
 i have a o amp i have nobody to smoke with 
 yall some smokers lmaooo 
 @redeyesonline actualy that is the golden ticket cannabiswellness
 @seanspicer  youre really just gonna shove on  considering herb smokers etc narcoterrorists world widewow mr gop energy cartel terrorist
 i wish i smokes pot because  damn. this world is fucked up.
 free smoke in 8 ball  91 today
 typicals usuals keyz sample yall smoke reggie yall wish yall can smoke indigo. tired of 
 smoking flakka you a jackass  all i smoke is gas 
 @vanillabitxh see you at the chain smokers
 i love clothes like i love weed like i love women like i love chocolate
 since vday is on a weeday do you celebrate the weekend before or after
 @beansrooks whatgood smokeyy
 i love cig smoke blown in my face keep it coming
 happy birthday ryan i miss u have a great day i hope u smoke a lot of weeds @awesomeryman 
 omg i didnt know here was a pic of this i love it ill smoke 5 bowls for u tn  love u thank u 
 nobody wants to come hiking and get smoked up ok then lol
 @wickedgaines @jwiggle2x @moneynpassion @djohnson6 @nijayw you right tho lol. nijay the scary smoker  my moms man
   clean smoked her lol when you get one witchalookinass  
 did i just imply that smokers are dumb and cant follow simple instructions yes  yes i so did. why the fuck would they be smoking otherwise
 cannabis smokers  patientsrecreational  unite. together we need to bring attention to this problem   
 sometimes  a cigar is just a cigar and not weed
 if i smoked i would be so so happy 90slexus lexus ls400 
 happy birthday @jubalbaker . smoke a fat one today 
 whoever beats me first at 8ball ill smoke you out at a time of your choice. but you gotta win
 @finebaum so is @lauramrutledge from the greatmidwest that accent is a killa. shes a smokeshow so theres no illwill of course 
 why do girls smoke cigarettes shots gross
 im so happy smoke got his defender to call me at least i know he remember my number im soo press
 i love how i can have a conversation with my dad about weed and wax
 ya arent on the city bus unless you get strong whiffs of marijuana and old guys on crack flirt with you. gotta love columbus
 the smell of weed is a million times better than the smell of cigarettes. can yall smokers just become stoners  please
 repost from @kushkards we love  smoking pot so why stop   our new  smoke pot about it 
 guy wreaking of cannabis dadthats skunk meno dad thats dadi know you know the difference  but thats skunk  grew up in the 70s my butt
 its @linabugz here taking over i just landed in portland for my birthday week  first stop homegrown smoker for so 
 the latest podcast ep is an intelligent conversation about cannabis. he knows how to pull me back in
 no i wont date a smoker.  disgusting habit
 i dont drink i smoke weed but not all the time an i love hard dont where ur heart on ur sleeve the fire burns deep enuf to sink
 the tracks of my tears by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 firing up the white oak in our smoker. oceanokitchen ok smoker ribs check or daily menu on gt 
 of course ima take some free weed wtf
 remember guys  for all the lovely ladies out there you cant go wrong on weed and chocolate...  
 @nothisismike you ever thought of printing some dank memes out on some hemp paper maximum dankness
 when she says she smoke gas 
 no one hits me up unless they need weed
 if you still rolling your weed in games  dutch masters or swisher sweets... lmao youre a dub.
 youre the cigarette and im the smoker
 mr. lurk is a smoker guys
 snoopdogg marthastewart dish out weed puns aplenty in super bowl ad  via @aliciawallace lovesminiblog
 lifes depressing why not smoke a blunt ya know
 are you a smoker 
 freestuffoc moving....asian wall art lahabra moving must be picked by tuesday. in a smoke free home. 
 cause all i smoke is gas 
 if you smoke weed daily  your life is fucked...
 tequila shots when youre low on weed college
 im a happy smoker  
 regarding ethics  medical marijuana...for the people only good for political rhetoric 
 ur mcm wasting his gas money on weed
 that might be the one thing that gives cali the edge... women weed and weather
 @nzanattamtv of course you smoked everyone
 respect to those woman who actually smoke fat and can hang  love yall
 i hit my weed men up a day before so they know what it is 
 i love weed 
 just met a dude that thought quavo was talking about weed when he said pot so big call it super bowl
 forgot how trash durham weed is. never again b
 my first cannabis club experience and im in love 
 @stoobsdeer ugh cigars. i smoked one once with my cousin and my clothes reeked after. so yeah  gross.
 im the i love weed smoker  
 im the im happy smoker amp  i  weed smoker  
 love that weed   blowing ogs  
 @jerrieboo iron man and smoke on water was the first thing i learned because it was on one string
 ya know  im ready to smoke a nice ass cigar and drink a beer.
 rt if weed makes u happy
 nobody got weed 
 one marijuana injection can kill you.
 when he thought you was playing but now youre happy amp about to stunt on him w his weed man 
 but im not a smoker
 i got offered to smoke a blunt today and i declined  for you who know me have never witnessed that 
 i got offered to smoke a blunt today and i declined  for this who know have never witnessed that 
 the smoked pork belly speaks to me.  she loves me.... feelings are definitely 
 i hid my weed from my puppy yesterday and i have no idea where it is
 deep conversations  smoke sessions   sex 
 @cnnbrk blowing smoke into ones nose not up their ass  can end an athletes career far yrs b4 u need to play them for that spot...
 shes a good teaser amp we blowing reefer
 @afan4years walmart sheets  a dog   some weed  beer amp my pillow 
 currenys smokee robinson is still so fucking good. i still play it on a regular when im driving
 @notoenergyeast oh ya lol old white men making lawsrigid thinking  what r ya gonna do. ev1 knows its redic that alcohol legal  weed not.
 all the people that talked shit about weed in high school smoke weed now
 i remember when people looked at me funny because i smelled like weed now everyone is a stoner
 @mentalfloss wed give away weed...but wed be broke. 
 when i smoke thats my meditation
 @sternshow calitas is spanish slang for smoke. theyre talking about weed smoke. not flowers.
 @pineapples786 they look like dictator kitties they smoke cigars  eat amp talk politics wearing monocles of course when you arent home.
 love is real. brisket is love.   photo grantisiusmaximus @ blue smoke 
 happy birthday @karleekay10  smoke a cig for me 
 happy valentines  dont forger to stop by your fav smoke shop and get your love ones 
 personally  i thought natalie sounded like a heavy smoker in jackie 
 this repair shop is playing chain smokers  kill me
 undergrad is one giant weed out class
 @bobbybrown28 happy fucking birthday to my brother . have a great day and lets smoke soon pls . love youuuu 
 so many people on instagram get a ton of followers and free shit from sponsors just for smoking good weed amp takings pics lol
 happy smoker  
 never trust a man who smokes blacks
 myra always smokes me up  shes the best girlfriend when shes not being petty 
 real but forgot abt roll up n smoke  
 all i smoke is gas
 im at the smokehouse in saint albans  ny 
  maybe shouldnt have gone with a gif with 90sera kurt russell blowing gross smoke eh  whattayagonnado
 and i cant smoke backwoods in a uber so i drive myself.
 if you are a heavy weed smoker and you notice you get emotional a lot for no reason at all  its the weed.  trust me.
 @goddesserotika @dirkhooper i would say you are one or two sexiest smokers out there and one or two giving head 
 when i smoke this swisher to the neck in front of backwood smokers 
 happy weedsday celebrate wme amp my pops on my fb live 12pm pt3pm et go to  
 omg smokey and a puppy are on ped walkway and theyre adorable lol 
 life is like a box of cigars......you can only smoke one at a time..but its up to you how long 
 a guy gets sentenced to years in prison for having weed but another guy only gets 90 days for sexually assaulting a minor
 like the weather  dont like the smoker @ nova
 if youre gonna smoke  smoke weed. cigarettes are gross.
 the happy smoker.  
 shawty said she was blacked out off a weed brownie and a tiny canned margarita but fully able to drive home and tex 
 headache weed stomach hurts weed  stuffy nose weed  fever weed  u ugly weed
 sitting on a street bench to smoke  guy rolls up  stops  tells me he loves me  drives away
 yall swear me and monica are kidding about this reefer party on vday  haha
 @profootballtalk the only justification i can think for the bears doing this involves buying a crap ton of smokeles 
 2 if the weed man show love. 
 want to celebrate weedsday wmego to my fb page amp watch my live happyweedsday broadcast @ 3pm et  
 high off what nobody is that high off weed to not know they was fucking 
 coming from a 20 yr old who still lives with his mom and smokes weed all day lol youre a joke 
 i love when random hot people approach me out of nowhere and ask do you wanta smoke
 one on one smoke sessions with good conversation gtgtgt
 @govmarkdayton  please dont be to minnesotans regarding cannabis as george c. wallace was to black alabamans regarding their legal rights.
 chain smokers gt migos
 i literally trust no one that says their weed is gas unless they from here  cali or colorado
 so to all my productive smokers   were the real mvps
  109 years war veteran old  smokes 12 cigars a day and drives. thats made in america snowflakes
 thats why i love weed amp math 
 old smoker. slick with reflection. napa napaphotography winecountryliving vnl 
 happy birthday to my smokeshow of a friend  even tho life shat on us and we couldnt be roomies i still love u wit 
 i can only imagine the smell coming from that smoker heavenonearth 
 what my best friend got for an early birthday present  i love it thanks smokewoke   
 in 7th grade i did a persuasion speech about why u shouldnt smoke  cigarettes thats ironic
 i love weed
  i smoke rapper weed  thats that moon rock 
 @ochocinco i have one question how many cigars you smoke during the day
 a lil weed never hurt nobody  thats a fact
 littering andddddd smoking the reefer
 all i wanted to do was smoke before my ride to new york and of course i procrastinated had no time amp just ended up throwing shit in a bag
 a resident who saw the smoke and called 911 tells me a family left right before the fire started. she saw a window blowout.
 when somebody say theyre coming to the smoke session with some gas and pull up with some regular 
 lighting stog after stog  choke on the smoke
 the fact that i cant stand outside and smoke a cigarette wo a car of grown ass men catcalling me
 trust gets trust returned.. love is fluid.. being real or genuine  weeds out the negative people.
 when i smoke gas gas i start to cry.
 bruh u forgot the smoker that be smacking their lips together all the damn time to sabor the weed 
 may i have a cigar fancycigarcigarsociety  @ smoker friendly amp cigar express 
 @tejoshuajames as an undergrad i never smoked but now i chain smoke
 the happy smoker lol 
 my neighbor beggin me to sell her some weed hoe i aint got shit for you im soldout
 welp. the senate just confirmed the guy who said that the kkk was okay  except that they use marijuana as our nations leading attorney.
 second steve bannon smokes crack rock and has sex with strippers and young white women who hoeing for taxes husbands yeshua
 um im ready to smoke a crack rock i feel so fucked up rn 
 my advice to smokers would be to consider accessing the many cessation programs available locally through their doc 
 what the fuck are the chain smokers
 he is a lost ball in high weedsc. greer
 just heard this on msnbc trump is a list ball in high weeds. love it
 best quote of the day re trump he is a lost ball in high weeds by @drcmgreer on @chrislhayes . @jpodhoretz @jonfavs  pls rt  as apt.
 lol the happy smoker amp i love weed smoker 
 you dont smoke weed unless you post it
 what a great value smoke cigarlife cigarweekly cigars 
 shop around by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 selling two tickets for juicy j. 25 each pop. smoke before the show is a for sure hmu
 happy birthday to one of my closest homies have a good one bro smoke one for me haha @crxs08
 we just finished part 2 and honestly...... i forgot how heart warming it was... i love smokey and suzie and erina and speedwagon so much
 if i smoked  id prolly always vibe to goodie mob amp outkast
 why is jeffery morgan always playing a dead guy  first denny duquette now the dad from weeds 
 who tryna go see chain smokers out in sac
 the weed they stashed i cant beeathe the100
 the100 get that weed we stashed lol
 hope they dont choke on smoke 
 professorpat @ the cannabist 
 free smoke in 8ball 
 all i did to prep for this snow is buy wine and weed... cheers people 
 i be soooo ready to smoke after working these 10hr shifts 
 @chubbsdadddy i smoke gas  but tonight it is what it it. amp im ready hmu lmaao
 has watts smoked weed
 me when my friends offer to smoke me out 
 @laraj1997 is that a weed
 @keevinsalazaar happy birthday kev hope you hadhaving a great day. love you little homie. p.s. lets smoke a fat blunt to celebrate 
 when everyone smoke but nobody got it ltltltltlt
 theres no way to ask my dad for one of his cuban cigars without making it obvious i want to smoke it
 im a big smoker   im just a little drinker  the peace sign is just a trigger and a middle finger   drake 
 only smoke that gas
 @oreillyfactor says alaska is happy because of legalized marijuana  did occur to you the people love nature amp their beautiful surroundings
 the i love weed smoker lmao 
 @lifesabeachsims been very quiet  that is frightening. i have never been done restocking by midnight. came to sit outside with the smokers
 holy smokes. the snow is coming down in coquitlam bcstorm
 happy birthday to a day one brother @mistermorris couldnt be anymore like family  smoke hella dodie and stay l 
 worst loss of the season for the celtics ugh  how do you get smoked like this by the kings wo cousins in the lineup celtics nbakings
 i just want warm weather so i can have a fire  smoke cubans  and drink a beer
 my roommates smoke this bihh out everyday ..
 man happy birthday to my lil bro smoke  blood bro fr love you lil demon  @smokey7
 i either hang with my cat guys  and smoke weed or i go on a hunt for my enemies in the street off tequila and dissociatives   ur choice pal
 two men were arrested after police found xanax pills  marijuana and paraphernalia in a near southeast side home. 
 one of these young rap niggas just needs to chop up the christian full of smoke acapella and make a banger
 my step mom bought her 85 year old mom an oil pen to smoke before bed for pain amp she just called me asking how to use her new inhaler
 8ball free smoke 
 @therealjmallo gas is what i smoke .
 i will never understand the women who smoke while theyre carrying a child.
 bouta ride my bike to the weed mans crib
 i smoke pot. so no. 
 @tonyperkinsfox5 @garybutlerdc @geodesire paul is a packaday smoker ringo is a pintaday cognac drinker. they are both alive
 @smokey7 happy glo day smoke 
 please stop tryna compare weed to these dumbass drugs people killin themselves with. 
 im constantly finding weed in wynwood
 do you think monty grabbed that weed him and jasper had stashed in his old bedroom in farm station doomsday parties ahead the100
 i remember when i was a lil amateur smoker. tbt
 happy smoker is me lol 
 all i smoke is gas
 @bleiby527 not my thing. i will be happy just sending out the true criminals as soon as they can weed them out. for everyones safety
 i love black men just as much as weed amp thats a lot
 this weather is not smoker friendly 
 this is cuddle weather.... you thought  this smoke gas write raps weather
 @vp decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research 
 i dont smoke but this is hilarious 
 @chaseelliott my guy smoke retired ask @kevinharvick who he thought i should pick up next friday as my new drivergot no responsene idea
 im so happy im a smoker and not a drinker. i can hold my own  but i just thinking smoking is waaaaay better
 @danaperino decriminalization of cannabis in israel to boost medical marijuana research us needs to do the same 
 strongest smoker ever 
 if i were a smoker  weather like todays would immediately make me quit. snowstorm
 @howardupton1 @chelseahandler calling pot smokers bad people is unamerican.  go choke on your alky and pills  rednecktard.
 @chibbs1 i want to smoke cigars with kenny anderson... cigarlife
 13 year old smoker pack 
 when people come to class and reek of cigarette smoke...  occc gross
 dabbing  dabbing  verb to press a piece of cannabis extract known as butane hash oil against a heated surface o 
 tbt when @wizkhalifa and @snoopdogg came to va beach and smoked it out  
 @pbarmann im not a fan of electric smokers. check out pellet smoker if you want ease of use
 pittsburgh got some butt ass weed 
   always  and i mean always  signup for promotional emails from your local marijuana dispensary. happy coming valentines  comrades
   always  and i mean always  signup for promotional emails from your local marijuana dispensary. happy coming valentines  comrades
 jms cigars  cigar event at lil brown smoke shack this friday noon to 5pm 
 just turned in my slp application that determines my academic future based on two scores and 100 words. holy smokes.
 next on list henryclay wrote chapter on hemp for agricultural textbook amp how he was farming it at @henryclayestate 
 95 of all smokers start by 21. please ask your assembly member to raise tobacco age to 21i did  lifeiswhynj
 got a roast in the smoker tonight we celebrate congrats ag sessions i think we are going to love you 
 my weed so potent i forgot i had opponents
 i love mr. charlie. hed play @npr jazz and smoke cigars while he painted outside my freshman year  it was a whimsi 
 nobody to smoke with
 @drewtemper214 happy birthday dog smoke like 3 blunts and eat a hella ton of ass today. 
 the shit in his mouth smoker  
 testkitchen special @theredhot today luca brasi smoked pork meatball sandwich tacoma craftbeer meatballs 
 dont legalize weed  said the haggard regular downing his fourth beer amp a cigarette in his hand
 good gas smoke  fuck with me...
 cigs are gross  cant believe i used to smoke that gas
 indoordiary indoordiary is a web diary that helps cannabis home growers in maintaining growth data. 
 indoordiary indoordiary is a web diary that helps cannabis home growers in maintaining growth data. 
 incc has received an institutional commitment for marijuana based real estate debt financing  via @yahoofinance
 im at smokestack in san francisco  ca 
 got me fucked up if u think ima go outside just to smoke
 cheers to another day in paradise  @ smoke shop bbq 
 all i smoke is gas
 this is just a moonlight soaked  ring of smoke. right hand on a cold one confession
 kristoffcigar meeting on a snowy pa day @robyncigar @ famous smoke shop 
 @originaldwoods thats why i will never smoke cigarettes lol
 we have different ideas of what snow day means @ north hempstead  
 @steadybloggin listened to hegelian dialectic this am  have been inserting you ever think about that on weed in conversations ever since
 coming 2142017 to smokeampbones woodshed  rincon ga  
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash on friday 
 good stats to know in prep for tomorrows cannabis banking working group mtg convened by treasurer @johnchiangca 
 all i smoke is gas
 your grillmaster deserves to be recognized for the sizzle they add to your life. smokeampbones woodshed rincon ga 
 so to my weed man and barber they bless me today man 
 smoking a tri tip with guinness today  my first time using beer in the smoker.  guinness goodfood
 its only been warm for a day but my weeds are already taking over. 
 incc has received an institutional commitment for marijuana based real estate debt financing  
 people who smoke at gas stations i have a question...why
 @greeneyes0084 i hear her smoke signal skills suck. her messages all end up being orders for pizza. 
 im on @koopradio right now playing smokey robinson  esb  missing persons and more.  tune in at 
 i love everyone who smokes cannabis...especially the women. 
 deadass just wanna be rich just to smoke and pour muddy with my big brother all day @altohawk
 iont smoke but this shit hilarious  
 amp i tell myself no matter what  i smoke my last love cigarette 
 where are stoner girls to smoke withhhh
 who delivers weed
 man i love when my niggas call me to smoke 
 my weed so potent i forgot i had opponents 
 @mikelmower kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.  
 he say i wasnt thinking clearly the weed made me do it 
 today was all about me. haircut  manipedi. now for the bath bombs  good weed  and tequila. 
 @jojoh888 @carrieksada omg. thats hilarious. they probably gave him a smoke to hold up that sign.
 man i love that marijuana.
 sally on here drinking good alcohol and smoking good weed im proud
 dinner out with friends...xoxo @ smokers embassy cigar bar 
 a big smoke romeoyjulieta star crossed cigars thecigarlife cigar 
 i think all terrorists should be allowed to enter our country in washington st. let them vet them there and weed out the bombers and rapists
 dont do hookah but i smoke the gas 
 all cig smokers rn  
 @realdonaldtrump watch my video series called marijuana  rthuff415@gmail.com the people need medicinal weed  not ignorant politicians
 please believe  you and me  we on neptune probably smoking weed.
 me as fuck smokes before going to smoke with the squad
 when your hair stylist smoke big gas with you in her shop 
 meditation  conversation  and a little marijuana
 @izzyrxdriguez i love daylin leach. he came to my high school and just talked about how he wanted to legalize marijuana
 @healthyfla asking academy of pain management members  to take a course before helping their patients with medical marijuana is insulting
 @justincaffier @realdonaldtrump @senatorsessions @vice  come out the smoke stacks. snowflake.
 of course. smoke and mirrors. 
 henry wykowski on why working in cash is harmful for the cannabis industry publicbanking oakmtg oakland part 1. 
 henry wykowski on why working in cash is harmful for the cannabis industry publicbanking oakmtg oakland part 2. 
 then we went to the gas station and bought lottery tickets and cigars... but none of us knew how to smoke them
 @yungdamu wasnt talking about weed my guy
 professional and i love weed smoker 
 i need a weed aficionado in my life
 @bullythelsb and its right down that smoke stack
 lmfaoooo but happy smoker  
 she just want to ride with me and smoke up all my weed so i roll that moon rock up and she went straight to sleep
 im the happy smoker. 
 i  weed smoker 
 nowplaying the old schoolnew school smokers double play rick james mary jane amp @youngb215 so high
 @jasonimison @tldrlol @adamchester @sforkmann best part is my mom was a smoker for 35 years but switched to vape hasnt had a cig in 5.
 just saw a weed ad in san fran. life made.
 i love blunts  but theyre such a waste of weed 
 possibly going to choke to death on smoke...luckily i took my inhaler this morning
 one minute in our drive my uber driver has brought up streaking  marijuana  and condoms. happy friday
 swangin on the corner blowing marijuana
 @deadspin i dont think you love smokey robinson. i think youre doing this to prove how deep you are about music
 good conversation with constituents amp med profession on medicinal cannabis treatment for cancer  ms  glaucoma patie 
 my class just sat around talking about weed with our professor i love college
 nobody hangs out with me unless theres weed involved  
 the happy smoker  
 @jephjacques and smoke them right in the fucking restaurant d so gross
 meditation conversation and a lil marijuana
 standing room only with an overflow room for todays cannabis banking working group convened by  state treasurer 
 i look at it like this you got causal smokers  pot heads  and stoners.
 nobody can check me lol for 1. i boxampmy hands nice as shit 2. my brother is lanny and nobody wants smoke with him.  i can do anything i want
 at john chiangs round table on cannabis and banking.  great event.
 @johnchiangca amazing panels on the banking and cannabis issues.  thank you.  there is an easy solution
 i need weed and a fuckin shot to get me through this hospital ride
 who wants to  be on an island when u could be smoking  weed in lounges in san fran all day
 the only thing better than some good conversation is some good weed
 she just want to chill with me and smoke up all my weed so i rolld up some of that moon rock and that bitch went straight to sleep
 lol thats the weed talking
 lets take a long drive  smoke  and have a deep conversation.
 i love blowing smoke in the tourists faces.
 obama and bourdain smoked cigarettes in hanoi real news 
 @sabritaas happy birthday girl smoke a fat one and drink a fat one finally 21 
 when i smoke this gas 
 the weed i smoke be making me come up with master plans 
 bruh  rt @fumandoescritos why do you smoke so much weed 
 @chrisssr95 all i do is smoke lol
 talking about weed
 dont hmu to smoke my weed unless i hangout with you on a regular basis.
 pretty accurate description on whyyy niggas still smoke tbhh 
 cause youre the cigarette and im the smoker
 pop a pill fa wne amp smoke a backwood fa og
 50 yr old real estate agent i smoked weed with adam sandler im above you
 cant wait to see smokey robinson fsuopeningnights tally
 on this day in 1963 mary wells two lovers is nations top rampb song. smokey robinson is songwriter. 
 i weed and happy smoker for me 
 gas what i smoke 
 a piata full of weed for my 20th birthday is def the play 
 @coloradoan where all the black smoke coming from 
 fruit snacks and cups of patrn  dont really smoke  bitches be sniffin that snow
 student mr nuo she just stepped on a cigarette butt other student no one smokes in here me why is there a cigarette in here
 @courtneebianca rt @fumandoescritos why do you smoke so much weed 
 i love marijuana
 i literally sound like a 80 year old chain smoker when i talk
 dont smoke cigarettes at all but love the smell of them because it reminds me of bleekers
 i needs to be warm  so i can smoke a cigar on a patio. winter 
 i love old people who smoke weed lmao 
 my weedmam rides a bike to my house
 nothing is worse than being surrounded by a plethora of smokers. how is smoking even a thing  seriously its disgusting.
 its crazy how medicinal marijuana is
 @isaaccreasy1 i think you forgot about pizza  steak  cereal  marijuana  pasta  chili  mac n cheese  baked beans  bread..cause theyre better
 i aint nobody to judge you... so dont judge me not a drinker or a smoker.. why this og 
 what are we doing tonight the same thing i do every night chain smoke on the toilet and tweet about politics friday accomplished
 ...fvck with me and get smoked  or fvck with me and smoke too. jerseyplayers andymac 
 @nytpolitics weed out hate gardenwear available at j. levine judacia in manhatten. happy tubishvat 
 like who thought of the idea to put a plant in a pipewrap and just smoke it 
 dish 1. smoked salmon is never a poor choice. there were also oysters. datenight yummy kw @ 
 gas what i  smoke
 incense and hydro smoke spiraling together in the moonlight.
 arrived in aspen. high 50s. beautiful downtown area but lots of recreational andor medicinal marijuana usage. i had no idea how prevalent.
 the boys always look so nice at their smokers  of course its when us girls are not around
 stage full of random people we love you  smokeyl  smokey ok.
 nirvana. heaven. bliss. words cannot adequately express my love of butter pecan ice cream. of course  that might be the cannabis talking.
 i fucking love weed
 defines me rt @teegratz smoking weed doesnt define me 
 @liblobster97 why yall hating on these meth smokers like we just doin our thing
 @jtgreat88 @nihdirector i agree. awfully hard for a smoker to taper off cigarettes.
 i wonder if 50 years from now our grandchildren will ask us what the federal prohibition on marijuana was like
  mix of i love weed and happy lol 
 i guess i got so drunk at this wedding i turned into a person who knows how to smoke cigars 
 happy birthday brent weedman   louisville louisvilleky bjj jiujitsu judo muaythai 
 its hard to watch twin peaks when you know the ending. weed and beer helps. twinpeaks
 such a high honor to be in your presence. thank you for your kind words and love love you smokey youre simply 
 then bringer back n smoker again  
 watching a group of tools purchase amp smoke cigarettes at the bar and smdh for humanity. youre killing me softly  reno.
 when you try lying and blowing smoke up they ass  but youre such a nice guy  @ burbank bob 
 @imskytrash @frootgarden dirty socks and bad weed
 @19annahh rt wouldve smoked that superslow too lol
 someone scoop plz gas or weed is my offer. 
 @boburnham and weed is great
 im usually the happy smoker but bitch last night i coughed a lung out  it had been a minute lol 
 i sound like one of those smokers with a hole in their throat
 forgot i had some weed left over lol
  smokey robinson is the greatest american songwriter 
 see what happens when you smoke weed 
 its called weed 
 @originalbrayyy shit then ima fwu .. smoke a couple together
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash on friday 
 youre a smoker man
 @poppycoxs sure can be smoke that shxt. what you smoking join our family youre welcomed here fellow stoner
 @barta57 good article surprisingly we have a senior finance leader who takes multiple smoke breaks daily wonder if he considers this comp
 my  always glossy after i smoke he called me chink  @ 
 morning everyone....saw this and it made me chuckle. love the smokey and the bandit movies...hehe. have a good one 
 boston butt headed to the smoker... 
 you aint bout to stifle my smoke session cuz you dont like smokers....bye bihhh
 dude say all bae @currensyspitta rap about is weed smh
 @aigkenham except for guys on burros and some smoke signals. but somehow your blog will still work and your little lambs will bring
 happy birthday to @holo6ram  one of my oldest buds i hope u smoke 23 joints today
 after yesterdays smoke session  i am now a regular backwood smoker 
 love having days off i get to chill amp smoke
 the good thing about smoking menthols is that nobody that lives here smokes then  so nobody takes my smokes 
 weve made 3 stops already on a 2hr drive to the work site because everyone on my crew smokes ...except for me cigbreakconstructionlife
 erells is on this up in smoke comedy crew show with my hilarious 
 oh you in love. 2months ago the tweet wouldve went. beat a nigga up today yall. it was justified tho. buddy smoke 
 oh you in love. 2months ago the tweet wouldve went. beat a nigga up today yall. it was justified tho. buddy smoke 
 right. all i smoke is gasssss 
 have you seen weeds its old   but i love it 
 for me  in 2017  a jen anne is the one cigarette i smoke a year on jennifer anistons birthday. happy birthday jen 
 the only good thing about the west coast time difference is that it does allow me to get a proper smoke session before starting my day
 @cosmopolitan why are you allowing the mother to smoke while taking the ultrasound
 .@billkristol h1b computer job  hammer pro weed picking career  but im coming to end. chpt 5 first  the first 
 survey asking i feel about marijuana tourism  a store called midnight velvet  and a magazine called skinned knucles. notyourtargetmarket
 then he talmbout some scientists didnt do a lot of research on marijuana 
 @lynetteromero loved the smoke things you were eating what were they called
 tears rolling down my face heavily  so i smoked one
 you get to a point in your college career when you smell a skunk and immediately assume its marijuana
 if only women judged be by the caliber of my weed and not my appearance  personality  and financial status 
 thas not a perk bitches will show fake love just to get smoked up  
 another successful smoker. excited for the new members that want to join this amazing organization. thetachi ox56 
 another successful smoker. excited for the new members that want to join this amazing organization. thetachi ox56 
 a person who drinks vs a person who smokes the smoker is full of love the drinker is full of hate
 adopted out two of our kittens today. this is their new family. smokey and bandit. so happy for them all. we have m 
 just to let yall kno my birthday is feb 25.. heres a list of stuff i want  roger waters tickets calvin klein underwear cash for weedbooze
 @crkohn smiled amp waved the smoke out of her face.
 happy birthday rodolfo  @rodolfonoyola  smoke sum for me 
 do you really own a diesel truck if you dont drive around revving it up and blowing smoke out of the tail pipe
 at smokey bones with a bunch of old heads. idk them but they be getting fucked up
 i love old ppl that smoke lol 
 @tedsbulletin did yall put the smoked chicken salad sandwich back on the menu yet
 86 degrees  pork butt one the mini smoker brad made  and his 
 @gavinloyacono9 me and bryce smoked you
 @fissionsurplus ron would smoke a pig as a distraction while he whittled a canoe to escape out of a tree he fell with his edc pocketknife
 people who vape are the cigar smokers of yester year
 if you are in the area  @wesleymuhammad is about to present on the pot plot amp the marijuana controversy in 
 i truly will never understand the logic of being able to smoke cigarettes and not weed
 420 000 profit after betting 1.3 million on a marijuana stock crashing. this guy is legendary 
 never used to be a smoker  now im chain smokin 
 i love weed 
 i did not say that weed is making black men gay.  @wesleymuhammad thepotplot
 meditation  conversation and a little marijuana.
 @fvmajor23 has me sounding like a 90 year old smoker 
 i love my weed man ... 
 great smoke  @coronacigarco 
 would like to smoke gas 
 trump and his goons have been blowing smoke in one direction and rounding up mexicans in real time theyre not playing. felon or not
 tending the smoker and btw  forte is a gawd dayum sniper 
 i got smoke for the smokers 
 rap  weed and cigarettes. thats how we roll in virginia beach  rap weed cigarettes burmastaflex vbz
 today was a great day to take a walk  smoke a cigar  grill out and have a beer.
 lorrie lit a cigarette and smiled and waved the smoke out of her face 
 @deenayellin happy tu bi shvat time to cultivate humanity from weeds into nurturing trees. 
 one of rock and rolls tracks of the day this week florence black  @florenceblackuk  smoke   music rock
 one of rock and rolls tracks of the day this week florence black  @florenceblackuk  smoke   music rock
 the happy smoker i love weed smoker 
 @chrisdcomedy meaning she was alive  in my fake reality i imagined this person was still alive. ugh.....stoned dont smoke weed ever  chris
 @eduvrdoh heres an idea dont smoke
 @laurentk it was for a friends project i am not an avid cigarette smoker lol
 glad i brought my cubans outchea perfect night to smoke
 i just picked up 10 grams of weed litttttty
 8ball free smoke 
 idk if its a good idea for me to smoke amp drive far 
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash on friday 
 cant smell a damn thing...except cigarette smoke.  that i can smell...
 i love when west oakland bart smells like weed
 i always cough a ton when i smoke weed and then i throw up a lil in my mouth...
 nothing like a nice cab and smoke torano vault red cabernetsauvignon cigar cigars 
 can you say...medicinal cannabis 
 jesus rides beside me he never buys any smokes... is easily one the best lyrics ever recordsaturday
 @thetomzone okay but i love pittsburghs boozey smokey bars so much more than bostons bullshit
 ma youve witnessed your mcm cry tears over losing weed
 theres nothing i love more then smoke with sarah
 today when we were out taking pix two gals came up to us and smoked me and gar out while angstly talking about high school it was precious
 a smoke and the game priceless  nowsmoking cigar cigars botl cigaraficionado cigarporn 
 i love weed too
 valentines day  1 woman might lose her love. she smoked pot with daughter  7  amp trial 4 endangering welfare of chil 
 i love weed
 on vday i think ima spend it by miself amp stay home smoke cuz im not feeling valentines day anymore 
 this the weed talking  
 finna roll up  smoke  andddddd...... ima look over this menu amp drink list.
 of course they werent paid. it was just more lies  smoke  and distraction. 
 @phillytalk the smoker that was stolen from the bbq joint lol
 i  weed smoker  
 what u mean who i love bitch im in love with weed
 jojo cause all i smoke is trees b omg i love plain cheese
 @billycorben if  florida legalized sports betting and marijuana it would create tons of jobs overnight and get things out of the dark.
 the ones who hate weed smokers are the ones who wish they coulddd
 backwoods get peeled  i smoke away all the tears. nothing was the same  including yall careers
 got some weed ampamp snacks 
 you not a smoker but you always at the hookah bar  mf if you dont pick up a blunt and stop flexing 
 i reak of pot and i didnt even smoke
 im the happy smoker  
 this is the 3rd time i accidentally ashed on my bed amp burnt a hole in my sheets lol dont smoke in the dark
 padron smokeonthewater aficionado @ smoke on the water cigar bar 
 @alpal6669 you good lol i was just at a smoke sesh with the most goofy crowd
 my big just smoked tai wynyard in bp so clearly i picked the right fam
 when youre talking about youre weed and crooks runs out of the bedroom right to you with the bag  bestcatever hesecretlylistens
 enjoyed a vent smoke sesh w my gfs @astillyy @ashhtagg
 why is this guy smoking weed in the bar what
 who tryna get smoked out hmu
 happy birthday buddy man dude miss you broheem smoke 30 beers for me  @coleisanocean 
 so whos getting me a weed bouquet for vday 
 chain smoker by chance
 i know extremely successful people who smoke weed on a daily basis
 they should make marijuana cigarettes me yea thats called a joint
 im with these chain smoker dweebs  losers take me home to sf plz
 oldest american  new jerseys adele dunlap diesat age 114  via @peopleno diet  a smoker and lasted 114
 this 90 year old lady is cutting up making these weed infused italian dishes omg
 see this is why i smoke.... so when i move far away from my friends and family i dont have panic attacks everyday  love i love dying
 ran into james again. someone gave him weed for vday and also a guy wouldnt give him one cigarette out of an entire carton he just bought.
 hmu if you tryna smoke and match
 shoutout to the young woman who was being a drunk mess and pushed me and all of my weed out my almost rolled j. 
 shit. forgot to buy more weed. now everything is closed. im fucked this saturdaynight
 meditation  conversation and a little marijuana  @6lack 
 bro swear to gawd this is like the 20th time my dad has talked to me about kickin me outfor weed 
 my ear drums are impacted with weed right now @aj98
 i smoke to forget about certain things. thats one chapter of my life i enjoyed greatly. cold turkey
 successfully resisted the urge to smoke a cig hangin out with chain smokers 
 i fucking love weed 
 shop around by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 chchchhahaha @ weedon island preserve 
 i not only smoke ls but continue to receive them daily 
 theres a difference between a pot head and a nigga that smokes weed.. pot heads be so extra wit the shit
 the devil in weed form   never again g  
 no bad weather stops the runners or smokers theyre out here
 @blessed23 happy birthday my boy...proud of you...came a long way...enjoy your day smoke 
 cigars stuffed with weed
 @anamariecox @existentialfish  ya think holy smokes. we are so fucked  but... sure glad we know every word of hillarys emails smmfh
 this would be lit if it was backwoods rt @creoiepatra smokeable arrangements throwing hints  
 @rubyrose blowing smoke out  
 the world so fucked up right now im just smoking weed watching it unfold
 thats from experience. people came through daily  trashed my shit  smoked my shit  stole my shit. but now i got less friends lol
 love thy neighbor @realdonaldtrump you are attacking one of the best men in the western hempispheres history 
 gas what we smoke
 back at it again on the smoker.  sundaystlouisspareribs  alliteration 
 marianas mom just called her marijuana  i love this
 weather is so fantastic today in mooresville i decided to splurge with ribs on the smoker.
 happy birthday to @jeffreybrandes may your present include unanimous support of your cannabis bill in the coming session.
 today calls for lots of weed and an intense bike ride to sweat out all the bs from this weekend.
 @alliegoertz and thats why i just walk under a weed whacker instead.
 just saw a guy blow a cloud of smoke right over his two children in a stroller. stay classy.
 if you currently smoke now and im not talkin squares would you be okay with your children smoking when they become older
 meditation  conversation and a lil marijuana
 wishing this smoke show a very happy 22nd birthday.  @shebyspencer 
 got in about 40 miles of twisty turns hilly back roads today. lighting up the smoker in a bit. 
 if theres a marijuanaology ill be your mentor
 @kelliemagda happy birthday  smoke one for me 
 @shosheak true  he is not a diplomat who bows to pcese  he says what he thinks  not blowing smoke up our butts like barry
 pictures from hiking in the smokeys this weekend photography adventure hiking tenessee 
 p90x loves to painfully remind me that im a smoker
 oh how i love the smell of smokers amp grills outside  bringonsummer
 @ochocinco whats your favorite cigar to smoke
 when the cannabis club throws in a little extra justbecause thankyou carselfie stonerchick 
 i got to hangout and smoke out with @slimedaddy69 last night. i love everyone in @hangingmoontn
 meditation  conversation amp a lil marijuana
 chain smokers or chance 
 pepole lets break it on down muslem men smoke opem all day  beat and rape woman  no woman around thay grabe a little boy no good ones bad
 something good bad or neutral happens omg i have to smoke weed about it
 happy bday you sack a shit  love ya dude and i hope you smoke a fuck ton of weed man. have a good one @antoniotripps13
 thats what happens when you smoke my shit lol 
 taking applications for female friends so if yous a bad mami who loves weed amp staying on top of your ambitions hmu
 niggaz gettin they ass smoked
 chain smokers have been making radio hits for like 6 years now
 i just drool blowing out the smoke lmfaoo fuck its a hole in my lip
 @jaggerjgomez hmu after to smoke
 i cannot with carbondale weed men
 @bryanfj @kamvtv @cnnpolitics @ktla @alfranken yall internet smokers im a real life stubbs
 did the chain smokers actually just win a grammy
 my bday getty best saturday best smoke out bday getty hmu for detail. hmu or @yrnjuice to pre order edibles. 10 dol 
 hmu if you tryna smoke
 i get filthy when the weed getting to me
 ommf stabs for the chain smokers ..... disgusting 
 honestly i wouldve thought @elijahdaniel and @csydelko wouldve gotten a grammy before the chain smokers 
 nice weed joke  sailor moon. 
 garage smoke of the night. cigars perdomo anniversary cigaroftheday silveroak @ grand 
 breaking news the new pop group chain smokers has a new member in there band ......lol  superbowl twd 
 nyc where yall weed men at
 who want smoke in 8 ball 
 @devolutionman aw man  now youre into the weeds with facts and empirical evidence  supposed to believe i heard n stuff. lol
 these weed men are so damn inconsistent.
 chain smokers 
 chain smokers are life.
 i love smoking weed do you @ summerville 
 hey jayson  @swainevent check out the first burgers on the smoker they are pretty damn good  
 i love weed .
 chain smokers be making some bangers.
 @oldschoolbyu you should try it in a smoker
 wow i love when ryan has all his faggot ass friends over to smoke weed in my room
 chain smokers probably but chance should 
 the fact that opium is legal and heavily overused in medicine and marijuana is not shows the evil in the world
 this cold got me sounding like an 80 year smoker 
 then munchies it is how come there are no weed smoker community in twd you would think  @suestannett 
 chain smokers
 if the chain smokers win over fucking chance im jumpin out my window
 if chain smokers get it im shooting myself
 chain smokers gon get it wanted chance though but he got best rap performance  grammys
 i like the chain smokers
 i love chance. but chain smokers prob got this
 chance won fuck yes fuck you chain smokers grammys
 the chain smokers are the nickelback of edm. they are overplayed and bad.
 at least it wasnt the chain smokers am i right
 awe damn i wish the chain smokers would have won but thank you @chancetherapper for thanking god amen 
 thought chain smokers would get it
 not sure how chain smokers dont win best new artist... they put out what seemed like 20 hits last year grammys
 chain smokers gotta win
 chain smokers better get a grammy for this
 that chain smoker joint hard doe
 i thought the chain smokers were gonna win.
 21 pilots did not just beat the chain smokers and rihanna and drake 
 chain smokers
 chain smokers getting the shaft tonight grammys
 if the chain crack smokers win anything im ripping out my left nut
 damn thats what the chain smokers look like grammys
 the guy from chain smokers with the beard 
 i. love. the. chain. smokers.
 wtf the chain smokers accepted the award for blackstar god dammit
 chance and 21p won grammys amazing  but the chain smokers especially with who they were up against
 i love being out of weed 
 @azcharlene cant argue with you on this  pulled weeds myself b4 taking a bike ride azliving
 the professional smoker and shit on my tongue 
 i sound like a 64 year old male chain smoker
 today was good in the smoke love our community 
 first smoke since thursday love these. nowsmokin illusionerothchilds metime canilive 
 if this man lost to the chain smokers i would have been v upset 
 imagine buying weed in wyoming  probably paying 30 for a gram of some reg
 i dont understand the difference between the chain smokers  21 pilots and dnce. grammys
 why did i think chain smokers were females 
 trust your own judgement of people but do not be fooled by the smoke.
 you forgot that i know i smoke weed
 the robinsons heading off to see smokey robinsonopeningnights 
 also the hospital is a smoke free zone and i saw so many people come outside and smoke anyway. fucking trash. 
 lol their talking about the companies that give free weed when you purchase a painting or a tshirt on the news tonight.
 i got 3 ppl who hmu to smoke amp im going take all 3 up on their offer 
 who the fuck is the chain smoker 
 all wiz do is smoke and worry about his instagram aesthetic.
 what happend with all the new year resolutionists they weeded out. ketchup fuck boys. dont tell me 2018 right
 i dont need to smoke pot to have stoner thoughts
 @aliciamuerte was about to be sick  lol if i couldnt chain smoke in the warmth
 while you were watching the immigration smokescreen   
 love that the family guy episode is about smoking weed right after i smoked
 how do the chain smokers have a grammy but @nkotb dont imnotunderstansing @donniewahlberg help me out with this please
 drake called him out for selling that 1 bag of weed back in 97 amp he been ghost since 
 i know my favorite 4 fans do smoke that stuff just like @snoopdogg and @mileycyrus  @willienelsonfam  
 fuck everyone who is bashing on the chain smokers. i love you chainsmokers. haters gonna hate
 in a mood to smoke a cigar
 they were on here praising cole for born sinner. meanwhile i had chain smoker on repeat 
 one of the best birthday ive had and i spend it by myself with some weed and random shit  i love myself.
 wheres the girl i can smoke with and spoil and just be happy with  
 high asf smoked 5 backwoods 
 to my fav stoner  the person id pick to smoke with wiz if i could  your smile is beautiful you need to show it  an 
 free smoke in 8ball
 man i aint smoke today right. picture why a pimple appeared right by my nose. coincidence i think not
 i love weed
 one of my coworkers quit today. shes moving to oregon to grow weed. fosho.
 @iammikeyoung im a joker  im a smoker  im a white supremaciisssst 
 real smokers. 
 you have to smoke a cigar up there 
 unless you smoke
 @kenziearnold happy birthday smoke soon
 @modernalmight happy birthday portia bitchhhh. ill smoke 1 for you
 for latino smokers  quitting is about family  culture   
 i love weed 
 i never got flowers from my ex  not even a picked weed. i just want a picked weed honestly lmao just to know someone thought of me
 @coolstoryerin if youre not a regular smoker and you only do it once  it should be out in 13 days
 forgot my weed 
 best smoke out birthday getty  invite only hmu if you want to slide. 10 entry. hmu or @yrnjuice to order edibles. 
 like how the fuck did the chain smokers get a grammy while spooky black is still alive what trash world do i live in
 @lebatardshow  phlegm  giggling on air  and constantly eating fried foods leaves only one option.  stugotz is blazing the weed. 420
 invest in marijuana its a good idea. 
 homemade weed lube will get your love pocket stoned for valentines day  via @autostraddle
 as i continue to pour gas in the machine and smoke my cig
 so many dudes who skinned off after a lottery ticket and a pack of smokes only wish they had half this excuse 
 need a female i can smoke with on the regular
 these freshmen behind me are having a conversation about weed and it is the funniest thing ever tbh
 my favorite song my chance is smoke again . like my acid rap was sooo amazing it reminds me of sophomore yr and theo
 @suttontotalkabt @tdkirton lmao bet listen too fuck you talking about. facts joey smoke again. amp juice all 
 i love weed i love being relieved of the pain of my chronic illnesses
 of course i said yes  but after i smoke this blunt
 laughed with her  smoked gas with her
 happy birthday fam @jordanh15 have a good one brotha  smoke up
 i need a time machine to take me back to good music. where are you smokey robinson mr. seger ms. joplin bueller...
 @hylianjillian oh my heaaaaarrttttt  idk u  but im taking a trip to the east coast this year lemme smoke w you then im in ca 
 you dont need to be shy. i was so shy and awkward in fifth grade and look at me now  i smoke pot. @connormccann50
 lighting stog after stog choke on the smoke
 the happy smoker 
 my friend steve is good for two things helping me wire things up and growing good weed  my physc professor
 my next destination is called weed. omg lmao
 @kidlavish them bitches wan sell rocks an smoke weed all day lol
 @oopzallberryz happy birthday  fam if i had a way to get to the bay id smoke you out today gang but have a blessed birthday yee
 @cnn  nobody knows what djt means.  its all smoke and mirrors.  emptywords
 does nobody in sac smoke gas   come shop with a fool
 meditation conversation and a lil marijuana
 i still wear weed socks p 
 need some homies 2 smoke with come join the wicked clowns at las vegas hempfest on april 21 tix now available at 
 need some homies 2 smoke with come join the wicked clowns at las vegas hempfest on april 1 tix now available at 
 my spanish professor just made a weed joke amp not a lot of people got it but of course i did 
 mwa presents aroma thursdays @ kabin dc ...... pull up smoke your gas  drink good and network 
 u the shit your tongue smoker 
 i smoke like i breathe  constantly
 @mahdiiii happy birthday . i texted you and told you but i dont know if you got it . but have fun and smoke hella blunts lol love you 
 goddamn its hard not to be happy forproud of chano today. listening to chain smoker on repeat all day. 
 do you think h.p. lovecraft smoked dank
 gotta be a hemp farm or something rt @mz2euceboss i thought it was just me 
 no one ever calls me unless im on a backroad tryna smoke amp jam
 dont be petty... dont be petty... those days are over... just go smoke a bowl... dont be petty...
 cheers to  for your healthy choices. vivianbish getting  ready from that weeding in 
 i love weed 
 so tired of seeing depressing shit. be happy  smoke a blunt  do something
 im the one you need by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 my roommate just asked siri to google marijuana.
 this is what happens to your bed sheets when you smoke 
 beanpot nobody will know you smoked it till the next day 
 girls love to blow hookah smoke into the snapchat camera while lipsyncing to dile que tu me quieres.... no. nobody te quiere. log off.
 my roommate and i just smoked and nowwww.... 
 my boyfriend just texted me and said hes out of weed so hes dankrupt
 i love @killermike as much as he loves weed 
 do yaw really smoke gas
 searching for love  in my cannabis garden
 little weed never hurt nobody  thats a fact
 happy 15th to our young one  i hope you enjoyed your birthday steak @ chapel of smoke 
 god... the 7 people hospitalized for smoke inhalation were cast members trying to help evacuate the structure
 to those who have been on addy and weed at the same time. do you understand this tweet
 9 cars damaged by fire. 7 cast members evaluated for smoke inhalation. mickey amp friends structure evacuated. @abc7 
 the happy smoker 
 all i hear the men saying they want for vday ladies is some sexual healing and weed lol. throw a massage in amp a meal if thats hubby.
 bryce hempel with big time block. crowd erupts
 a lil weed never hurt nobody
 messiest people i know cigar smokers
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash on friday 
 why nobody down to smoke with me
 so my brother called me amp said i got a present for you but it involves your weed like oh okay
 video of our 2nd cannabis banking mtg convened by treasurer @johnchiangca  for more info 
 madis 13 year old brother is trying to smoke with madi and i 
 ive fallen in love twice the past 2 years and both times got fucked over. fuck valentines day. i got weed music amp runescape.
 forgot how she smokes  whats good w. the lashes  
 @antillious @producergirl no  i just wanted a cigar to smoke at cobourg
 @kylemccaskey of course not.  bears  ranked 1. yogi 2. smokey the 3. berenstein 4. teddy grahams 5. bad news 6. bryant 7. chicago
 i smoke grammys on a daily
 can i get my goddam va pension now and free weed  god bless america @abc
 i wanna smoke what ever debs smoking tm2live
 @speakerryan you are failing. trump is failing. turtle neck is failing. bitch sec of education is failing. obama care is just a smokescreen
 big smokers affair all the ladies who smoke good come out  
 @valuinvstrtoday me too. but in 2008 i came across hempton and i couldnt understand the balance sheet stuff
 need something new to smoke out of what stoner doesnt love a new apparatus 
 @loretelliphil @uconnwbb says the guy who would get smoked by these talented women in both basketball and intellectual conversation
 unless u aint bringing me chocolate  weed or tacos dont hmu 
 except weed
 i love weed music and basketball 
 @ryannnnatee do you drive im down to smoke lol
 those nights where your roommate smokes you out 
 when you thoroughly clean your room and you find weed stashed you forgot about  happy valentines day from past me to present me
 yall better smoke a blunt and get happy..
 came to the spot to smoke and forgot my damn lighter... 
 god bless i get to smoke my weed. 
 theres a difference from a stoner and a smoker
 happy birthday to my favorite hiking buddy  sista  and weed lover i love you bb girl  you da best 
 i like to smoke and watch @marthastewart amp @snoopdogg
 all the weed men must stop selling after 1130 on weekdays huh  
 fuck. on god i cant fall asleep unless i smoke.
 i was halfway to the gas station to buy cigarettes and said nope and came home. im 82 days strong with no smokes 
 this is just a pantene commercial and beautiful  women i would enjoy and like meeting. i dont drink  smoke  etc. 
 so tell me why this dude i bought weed from a few times senior yr who ripped me off request to follow me on insta lol gtfo
 happy valentines day to this smoke show i love you @kimberlyruhlman 
 a dude smoked some pcp  cut off his member and jumped out a two story window.
 promarijuana student group prevails again in tshirt free speech case the cannabist 
 pair up our snappy smoked andouille with this house gumbo. we call it the hungry gator combo. magic word for 1 off 
 pair up our snappy smoked andouille with this house gumbo. we call it the hungry gator combo. magic word for 1 off 
 when honestly its time for breakfast but you smoke and end up inhaling a yummiful peace of tweed. yas... appetizer 
 @openingdrive blackberry smoke good one coming on tuesdaychooseday
 happy valentines day from me and my reefer 
 just love the sounds of 70 year old smokers at the airport in the morning.... heavenswaitingroom at @flytpa 
 @ananavarro @jamieraegomes  its a non story  its more smoke up our asses  but it ok for obama to pardon that treasonous character jerk
 id love to turn back the clock 10 years and smoke a blunt with mr. wilson
 everyones like omg i love you babe happy valentines day but im just tryna bump lil uzi and hit this weed tbh
 happy valentines day to my smokeshow of a wife @dantzleramber
 @couldovfooledme still and n about this with these lies  sad at. no lady balls either to actually debate  just sit in the weeds
 just smoke one and be happy today you guise 
 ovp got one weed guy 
 ok hannah just smoke amp get out your feelings
 @doodisgirl pocahontas tribal leader wanting americans back in teepees smoking pipes not working with bad weed making them cry amp whine
 no weed thou 
 im turnt up im fucked up i stay blowing on good smoke.
 @meepface when u get the good weed from vans hmu
 @realdonaldtrump yes unless you weed them out quick and beat them at their own game
 dis weed so frostyyy u know its gas
 happy valentines from growersparadise  @xoticseeds amp ganjabrands we got loveable stoner gifts 
 dealers really outta weed on vday im disgusted.
 happy valentines day marijuana youre the love of my life.
 happy valentines day marijuana youre the love of my life.
 a woman just took a ten minute smoke break in standstill traffic. i dont smoke  but shes my hero.
 happy day of love  yall dont have to have a significant other. show yourself some love every now n then go roll up some good weed or sleep
 @vtturfweeds details weed control on heavily trafficked sports fields to a great crowd of sfms from loudoun co scho 
 @alanhahn @chriscanty99 @hdumpty39 if u guys are goin  then im going i have a med marijuana job offer out there
 tell him to open it  rt @worldwarshem my dad thinks weed is crack but loves the idea of opening a dispensary 
 definitely gone smoke this blunt today tho happy vday to me bitches
 just me and my weed on this regular tuesday
 that one old ass uncle u got that love to smoke gas  that was him 
 @bigv5252 @jamesbarnes26 enough with the rippin. my favorite 1 no problem 2same drug 3 chain smoker.
 help a love one become a non smoker so you both can share more life together @quitnowindiana 
 lmao i love weed
 happy birthday to the state where you can smoke as much weed as you want but cant pump your own gas. oregon stayoutcalifornians
 happy bday to the day 1 youre finally 21 m8 its fucking it hope you have a good one smoke up 
 yall have never lived till you smoke dmt and swim nakey with hippies taste the rainbow 
 everyone happy valentines day                                                    me where the weed @
 cant love you i already love weed
 smoke some ganja amp call it a real vday
 even fatboy knows  we only smoke gas. so @fatboysse  skycamp wemc lordz 1wayup 
 happy valentines kid love you  your smokers laugh  and your dutch ovens. @allijaee 
 moving away from cigarette smoke on the subway platform only to find myself in a sea of urine stench. theres no winning today. nyc
 i love weed 
 for my birthday  ill be accepting weed as gifts
 @slidings13 happy birthday brotha  hope you have a great one today man. ima hit you up when i get out to smoke one bro 
 happy valentines day to my absolute smoke show of a man i am beyond lucky love u long time babe  
 happy love day to da weed 
 yooo i have no idea where i put the last of my weeeeeddd and no i didnt smoke it. fuckme
 @rachelmariee happy birthday bitch i misss yo smoker ass  lmao have fun bby 
 love amp smoke 
 i love my ganja girls lol 
 happy valentinesday from billfoot and all this weed. may your day be amazing and in love. 
 finding out michele smokes is the best valentines day present
 real love is the ability to eat pulled pork every day for lunch because she bought you a smoker. love you  @bethannfinnegan valentinesday
 happy valen...........nah f. that happy heart shape smoke bud day lol @ wakefield  
 my valentines day consists of weed  margaritas  amp horses. thats love right there 
 @iconhorroruk @missannabiller @thepcclondon i believe you can still smoke in the prince charles unless that little luxury has been nixed.
 @amcronin87 shes demonstrating how she smoked that...cigar.
 dude 1 did you take a hit today dude 2 no because you smoked all of it  dude 1 oh yeah i forgot  
 @mrcoolsdream @lalahhathaway put that in your pipe smoke it babe jah i love you. i caan believe i loved ya that way lord. jah bless eternal
 happy valentinesday from smokers paradise of clearwater 
 when ed drops your weed twice not once but twice like broooooooo my weed 
 dont do hookah but i smoke the gas
 love is an exploding cigar we willingly smoke. lynda barry 
 @tdhurst talked cannabis with both my drivers today. on has ms.
 @aprilstormm happy birthday baddie  we gotta smoke together soon 
 @moradevin2 @maarleeh put on the chain saw smell for her and the cedar smoke for him classics lol
 big smoke sesh tonight whos down  happy valentines day
 get you a friend that offers to smoke amp cook dinner for you when youre having a bad day 
 viri ampamp i decided to skip classes today since its vday. tacos  ice cream  smoke weed and go hiking with beemo happyvday bestfriend
 keep it smokey playas metime canilive cigarlife cigarlifestyle cigaraficionado 
 wowwwww.. cops gettin smoked daily 
 switch me and weed and add some to gas and u good to go  
 roses  steak  weed  shopping  happy vday bitches
 not a weed woman  
 @chucktodd great question on benghazi. hes blowing smoke. and he or his party certainly wanted obama to demise.
 i am incredibly offended by the smell of cannabis
 i love smelling weed in public makes me happy to know people are having a good time
 im tryna get a valentines day smoke sesh going hmu
 happy valentines day i love weed and myself lol
 part time ass weed men smh 
 how cute  i fucking love roses amp weed
 i picked up one of my girls for practice this lovely young lady smell like nothing but smoke  where is @highonhash when you need him.
 im taking my fifth chemistry course at ou.  youd think id be done taking weed out classes by now 
 happy birthday to my favorite hempstead girl... @kmaekaufmann 
 mmm love korovaedibles peace love n cannabis the best way to celebrate valentines day 
 @carminezozzora @thomaspkennedy3 corrupt payplay obama resist hrc weed outmoles @potus maga  
 me men are like cigars. him how so        me they blow smoke but i never inhale.  @ sin 
 my loves on this day we celebrate those we love  sohappyinlove thankful @ mojo smokehouse  
 i wish i knew people that were going to see chain smokers
 recounting the time in 2012 when me lana and lb ran out of weed and so we decided to huff paint lol
 your wcw smokes cigs in her bedroom
 i love watching people take a smoke break after working out
 @socalgator @gatorhoops no smokey robinson that is a tennessee thing
 im so dank i should be managing weed
 a dumbass blew their cigarette smoke in my face and i almost lost it gtfo youre disgusting
 @drsistahscholar @karnythia i know dude is from san francisco but he needs to lay of the weed. thats crazy.
 amos 92 now they are just chain smokers right
 smoking flakka you a jack ass all i smoke is gas 
 we see the bumps on the road...we just smoke and we maintain
 my great uncle henik who survived auschwitz and still smiled as he smoked  his cigar. toimmigrantswithlove 
 dinner was incredible i love coming here. @ smoke restaurant dallas 
 i love weed more than people
 sooooo weed men and serving today 
 sooooooo weed men aint serving today 
 lols i always thought he was stoned lol mens wearhouse founder reveals how smoking marijuana 50yrs changed his life 
 do the chain smokers smoke
 @jazmine33774951 we smoked like twice together amp never have 
 @dealerofsouls yess i love the chains smokers
 gas is what i smoke
 a lil @mantraartisan bhang bhang  smoke smoke action going on w mytraeger @traegergrills pro34 w valentines 
 when it was hrc emails folks were all where theres smoke theres fire now re traitor trump its all stop jumpin 
 @stevegates62 @westoproblems im not sure that defines a well seasoned smoker.
 when i was younger and use to see some of the older guys smoke by them self thought it was weird before now i understand why
 tacos  wine and weed. im content. happy valentines day
 niggas is slow here but the women are infinitely hotter and weed is tight my complaints arent actually real 
 all weed in canada is so fucked up. unless i grown my own plant or im in jamaica fuck it.
 oh good god  california florists selling cannabis floral arrangements for valentines day the saint of love wld be so proud. turnsit2crap
 we lighting reefer bumping 808s and heartbreaks.
 @richlowry @benshapiro understand thats the caveat  but where theres smoke....
 dark chocolate smoked sea salt. mmmmm. @ humphry slocombe  @hsferrybuilding in san francisco  ca 
 its a smokey robinson type of night
 happy valentines day  smoke me up  dick me down  feed me pizza. 
 i ship leilani wolfgramm and jacob hemphill so hard lol
 lighting stog after stog  choke on the smoke they tell me to quit  dont listen what im told help me forget that this world is so cold
 okay so the news in san fran cusses and talks about weed like its cool  its just so casual its weird...
 i do not consider homegrown as good weed may end my v day with a head ache 
 littering amp smoking the reefer
 the only thing i love is my drank amp weed 
 @selfmadebanks1 you know ima smoker so i woulda been same af 
 naw my gawd weeknd smoked this record
 @mythacid you forgot the smokes
 fernando the 45 year old dish washer just asked me if i was gonna wait for him and if i smoked weed or did coke..... happy valentines day 
 closer by ne yo is a wayyyy better song than closer by the chain smokers
 tasteless lead sittin on our tongues and then we have to worry more about the ones we love  when you see the smoke theres fire
 why do niggas smoke k2 when theres gas readily available
 love you weed i will never leave you 
 this what oklahoma stoners smoke  
 rt rt rt weed out fake friends  you deserve better and so do your selfies 
 considering moving back to new york just so i can smoke out of my bedroom window again
 @thehill why is there yellow  smelly smoke coming from rathers behind
 @1tiaramy youre fucking hilarious i smoke that weed  got this asthma 
 im gonna smoke all this moon rock on some slime shit.
 gas is what i smoke 
 accomplished some shit so ima smoke it out
 this weed has me feeling philosophical as fuck
 my gaaaahhh i love me some smokey robinson 
 not coming outside unless its for food or 2 smoke
 i simply decided to give running a go.   priscilla welch  former smoker  who began running at 35 and became an olympic marathoner
 oh i love hempfield and spartan drive  
 its the most unattractive thing when a person constantly smokes.
 @realdonaldtrump yes the deep state of the government is out to get you and all of your cabinet members. you must weed them out.
 imagine if u were a weed smoker lol 
 never smoke on weed on vday you will say some drake type shit
 being with you by smokey robinson is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 snoop dogg is probably the only person in the world who can smoke anywhere and you cant get mad. because we know we loves weed
 rt if you used to smoke reggies
 i spit shit so real i make a none smoker burn one
 soo whos coming over to smoke hmu frfr  
 i forgot how much i loved the smell of some dank weed in the morning.
 ihop employees next door saw smoke and called 911 about 430 a.m. 
 20 men who all took a smoke break and smell now.
 one day  two donations. congrats @detroitpeppers for reaching your fundraising goal to purchase a flame weeder 
 this guy called weed jazz cabbage and i cant stop laughing about it
 i cant smoke with nobody but you getting pillows for valentines day 
 smoke your weed amp be happy
 1 day  2 donations. congrats @detroitpeppers for reaching your fundraising goal to purchase a flame weeder ty 
 have you ever tried catching cold smoke you wont want to miss our daily feature 
 talked to a trump supporter and he said jobs are not meant to be enjoyed  they are supposed to be miserable  thats why i smoke so much
 theres only one person that love weed like me  . so lit
 @brynnburke nothing about weed is nonaddictive lol thats for sure i guess because its more commonly accepted people lie to themselves
 tells me he quit weed has a cigarette in had. so happy your getting your life together 
 @jaaayzillaaa69 happy birthday cuzzo  come through soon so i can smoke you out  
 if iwas from ur city id have you stocked out on the fuego brudda. lol weed is like tea to me. a must have for maki 
 free smoke in ball 
 all i smoke is gas
 gas what i smoke 
 i just know detroit got terrible weed
 i love marijuana im a fucking poser
 wheres the huff sock people at im trying to get some weed
 some great aj fernandez cigars just arrived at the shop. need a quick smoke while you wait out 
 g amp tez got a cig but im no smoker
 beautiful weather at a picnic in the park with my love  and two teenagers smoking a weed pipe 20 feet away. welcome to anaheim
 @moonglower its more so like why would you sit next to a smoker and then complain  like bitch move then. there are many seats lol
 fresh batch of our house curedsmoked bacon coming off the smoker. @gapasturedbirds pork bellies are amazing visitsavannah eatitandlikeit
 @aajtak whoooing 63 cr deathsyr.. means in 2 yrs  will be finished .. weed piyo but kuch quality to maintain karo..@vxtandon @birajanath
 stout backwoods legit became my favorite woods to smoke the a1 gas out of
 i never used to smoke like that my friends corrupted me
 i picked up weed instead of wax i fucked up
 cold ass nights i was stank and alone and my clothes and they ranked of the dank ass weed from blanks and flo my nigga
 using trumps standards for picking cabinet members  im the perfect choice to head up old white men who like to smoke cigars club.
 meeting is packed. folks clearly confused by maps. looks like no more than about 1 000 parcels would be eligible for marijuana places.
 we getting real weird at my wedding.. im talking about barrel of shrooms and a barrel of weed   i need new cousins 
 all the dreams were held so close seemed to all go up in smoke  @ downtown vancouver 
 having a smoke indoors is just so nice...  cigarbar philly philadelphia cigars nightlife 
 today is a sit inside and smoke backwoods day 
 hbd @cartermumm lets smoke some cigars soon 
 a 13 year old just snapchated me saying  if u need dank weed i sell
 the smoke of cigarettes is disgusting to me
 did eve discover cannabis in the garden of eden  yoga cannabis @canopyboulder 
 cuban cigars maybe not but nice to smoke a cigar... @ nassau  bahamas islands 
 i wear pads when i smoke only certain people will understand
 just passed by a weedshop called issagram brilliant
 damn  i wish weed men gave refund checks tsu20
 @realmikefox please come to caregiversforlife @ 310 saint paul street denver colorado for rso colorado cannabis oil. its the real deal
 happy birthday to the best liney of hemphockey @roseluke27 
 happy valentines day to my lovely bride meda 1 day late  but plenty of ny strip grilling in the weber smokey moun 
 @speakerryan what type of healthcare ideas were introduced last year by whom amp when amp where i honestly just think ur blowing smoke up..
 @annalutherr hulk weed 
 chain smoker not the damn chainsmokers
 someone be a real one and smoke a brother out
 @jengordonthomas @jamescomtois @timonolan and all that smoke theyre always blowing abt patriotism  amp theyre the first to sell us out
 shawty i smoke gas 
 thats the best kind of smoker
 @flyboy4292 @trapgrampa how else you supposed to smoke it  the foreign part is the chopsticks lmao
 @demetriuskee hemp of course
 neither one of us smoke 
 @allinwithchris why are you talking to this obvious weedhead sarandon...shes not worthy of you covering her...
 god that fucking chain smokers song is stuck in my head. the rose one idk what its called
 22 a day...... ive had over 100 reasons to kill myself. refuse to do it. im old now and basically chain smoke anyway   lol.
 so nobody sell weed in euclid 
 goofed off taking photos today while my family thought i went to smoke weed amp got kidnapped  
 my lakers are getting smoked
 my roommate started talking to her weed. im screaming.
 love the idea of building relationships mentoring homework club.  im a weed goody2shoes presbyintersect 
 recreational marijuana is legal in ca  amp soon edible forms will be sold. how will the state regulate amp what are com 
 @ryan1701e @bn9 good point who knows... the beans could taste like smoked salmon well  actually that may still be gross. 
 i wonder what the world would be like if everyone 18 smoked weed daily
 would you consider weed being therapeutic
 love that brit is always down to smoke a blunt
 @cmboooom chain smokers are trash so are nickelback.
 i love marijuana 
 @atlhawks why cant yall just smoke their butt @atlsportshub 
 all men arent bad but it is kinda hard to weed them out
 its about to be my birthday.. amp i have no one to smoke with 
 i was supposed to smoke with oomf today... but she was flexing 
 why do i think a grown man that sells weed from a gas station is fine af
 the happy smoker  
 i love old people that smoke weed
 if you smoke backwoods blunts yo ass must love beef jerky.
 drinking a double dog dank you by @alphaacidbrewco @ smoke eaters  
 feezy ass  rt @darieec weed smell circulating through our vents i love it
 powder your nose love smoke if you want to  put your feet in the water the city belongs to you
 @stephenathome where theres smoke  theres steve miller blowing it up trumps ass.  lol . lssc
 wow thats fucked up. all this mid  nobody to smoke it with smh 
 yeaaaaaah.... not fuckin with nobody but my weed
 @rickjenningsd7 what can i do about neighbors pot smoke coming in my home and being breathed by my family
 if you dont smoke to the but are you a real smoker
 if she smokes or drinks on the daily is she even a woman. i emphasized woman
 i didnt make a lot of money tn so i tipped my coworker out w weed and she was so happy lol
 bill burr on pot smokers  
 like my love  ill smoke you out
 drink menu looks like benders arms. smoke up  johnny drinksforbreakfastclub @ champagnes 
 smoke weed to cope  so you see the pope im on this all day i love it big @kendricklemmy happy thursday to al 
 she tried to smoke up all my weed so i rolled up dat moon rock and she went straight to sleep 
 bert always has to smoke after makin love.. why not cuddle me  @herking1386
 ismokeditand  it seemed like a good idea at the time.  damn cosby weed 
 yes.. rt @nichellerenee  wtf... do you even smoke cigarettes 
 yall taking smokin weed too far man   roll that shit up amp smoke it  fuck yu need all them extra gadgets for 
 luvvv the fact my brother and his friend share a house that i can smoke some backwoods and sing some karaoke in.
 @imtheboyofsteel well if you smoke especially that long  youre asking for it. but cancer is still a thing nobody should suffer through 
 oh dont let me wake up smoker time
 told myself that i would never be a smoker  failed. watch me inhale
 @theestallion my weed the only gas im on.
 booked our hightimes cannabis tour. like i love learning about how the plant is grown and the science behind hybrid strains
 i fucking love my weedman 
 with colon cancer   smokers may be less likely to survive  meded tobacco
 @williamjordann yes  of course. im all about using it. its clearly good politics for now. but i fear amp suspect its all smoke.
 get you a clay  calls me to smoke and offers me something to eat
 i love weed 
 it never fails you see polys playing ball then after theyre done they be so tired they needa smoke a bigg after 
 the only thing i can fall in love in love with in that time is weed  money  and an easy 3 credit class 
 1 2  1 2 3 4 noich noich noich smokin weed  smokin weed doin coke  drinkin beers drinkin beers  
 man i love marijuana  and i love being high
 @corijanae  @assimpleasthat why you think niggas rap about pussy money cars and weed errything go together for men. this real game fa free
 a good idea. weed out the holdover traitors 
 in the weeds  verma questioned about moon notice  observation status  3day hospital stay requirement for snf admission
 cannacon 2017 is the worlds largest cannabis trade show  via @marijuanatimesx
 nothing makes someone stop talking faster than getting smoked in beer pong
 amp i smoke alota gas
 im a joker im a smoker  im a midnight tokerx @ rock amp roll hwy 67 
 its pretty fucked when some guys at work will stand outside the whole lunch break and just chain smoke cigarettes 
 just bought some moon rock to smoke with @canehill when they hit tucson   
 just bought some moon rock to smoke with @canehill when they hit tucson   
 dude  i could talk weed all day. my ex roommates and i grew medical grade mj  at one point. i know what it does. life happens we broke af..
 cigar smoke is so strong lol
 cashier at the gas station being hot this morning..talking bout thats what happens when u smoke weed u forget shit in front of everyone
 .@realdonaldtrump youre hitting on only 2 cylinders. blowing greasy smoke out your tail pipe oh mighty orange one. 
 hon i just want to smoke my cig
 clearly trump never tried to buy weed in louisiana.   justsaying 
 @megsnbaconnnn happy birthday sexy im so glad we met come over and smoke a blunt when you can
 with 10 my weed connect gives me 2.3 grams and an edible included. bless up gotta love mama muck 
 does anyone remember bubblegum cigarettes with the powder the looked like smoke when you blew 
 straight edge stoner rock band name weedkiller
 @bbcworld @potus he must have smoked more crack than usual before he said this incredibly offtherails comment
 when you get on a packed prt and it smells like weed and some guy offers to hotbox it for everyone and a riot starts of excitement..
 omg .. happy birthday to my old good friend lala  smoke all the weed on the planet  love you lil mama  @cocainecaviar
 @olivianuzzi this fucking chic wreaks of cigarette smoke. disgusting person. trumpisking
 the fake best part about rent money is the skit at the end making fun of mogs copping 10 worth of weed. imsubtweetinggrandrapidsmogs
 we used to have big time concerts where notredame plays basketball...... halted too much pot smoke everywhere... elvis 2 nights in a row.
 the margin is false but trump may be so full of the smoke staffers have been blowing up his butt that he is even mo 
 yeah you got gas weed but your gas tank on e...
 come see me saturday @cannacon the high end the most expensive  absurd  fantastic amp futuristic cannabis products 
 @jamiexml 56 such skulduggery.  these people have to be weeded out  and professional ethics restored  and that will take a thorough....
 it seemed like flight of ideas  but it was all part of the teams use of distraction smoke amp mirrors stuff that 
 if @allihoff starts the conversation with if god created weed..... run
 my dad smoked big chow before he picked me up 
 @markknoller @petefrt @presssec is this immigration memo a ploy to smoke out leakers
 never trust a nigga who smokes a roach that small 
 one firefighter was transported for smoke inhalation.  nbcboston necn
 everyone who smoke my gas know its that gas 
 2fi refighters were injured. 1 transported for smoke inhalation  other had minor injuries  wasnt transported. 
 2 firefighters were injured. 1 transported for smoke inhalation  other had minor injuries  wasnt transported. 
 were real men and we smoke cigar  dont believe us smell our cars
 kottonmouth kings and insane clown posse at hemp fest this year my 8th grade sasha dreams are coming true 
 whoever smoke thats tsu20 amp got a car   im fena smoke yall out hmu 
 love to smoke
 police are so corny lol weed aint never hurt nobody 
 cant jugg no gas cuh uma smoker  um in business with the junkies tho 
 honestly the only reason why i smoke weed is because im not happy ...
 i love when the obviously shady people do me a solid and weed themselves out of my circle. only  folks please. 
  this is a special fb group 4 weed as medicine and hemp medicines n industry  all members must be on my friends list
  lol who made this also whoose tryna smoke moms outa town and i got a new rig hmu 
 @bigcheds @spicolitrades why not maybe cause one sells diapers amp owcp has trials amp patents pending in medical cannabis owcp long here
 @flonase its imperative that a young woman knows who is the one cigarette smoker who causes pain in life. a guitar 
 heres to the 3 day weekend. happy obama day. or trump day. or washingtons day smoke em if 
 @minyk  girl he smoked good that day ..... i know he was happy as shit smh
 thanks gop for confirming pruitt who is now off to hand recovering chain smoker uncle sam back his cigarettes epa theresistance
 yo its a birthday party for me and @topszn150 so show love and bring weed 
 the chain smokers never let down
 no shame here ..... some folks splurge on clothes n other shit ill splurge on my trees and smoke good 
 im all for legalizing marijuana  but these two guys lighting up on this bart train are dumb.
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash on friday 
  styles p jumps into the crowd to rap and smoke with fans in philly check out our full recap 
 teacher is giving a anti weed speech in class.
 @kaitlynmariie @taylorrtraynorr @morgaasmm youre in the mentions so youre a low life too then amp jacob smokes so dont act like morgan
 bro i need more people to smoke with and vibe with  men and fine women alike 
 i love old people who smoke weed
 dont do hookah but i smoke the gas
 when u have a shit ton of weof d but no where to smoke cuz its raining
 east coast alert  smoke something  
 @liberienne same for me and i only smoke twice a day.
 he a real mvp for that smoker package  
 i sound like a 40 year old woman who smokes 24 packs a day.
 continue with my daily life . smoke weed 
 smokey robinson smokey robinson
 yall he for real love her.. he even got the smoker package  
 this girl is subtweeting about me again cause i fucked her ex lol  but im just going to smoke and chill and relax cause she clearly bothered
 do you know how happy id be if i could see smokepurpp 311 and matisyahu in one day 
 lorrie lit a cigarette and smiled and waved the smoke out of her face.. 
 taking allll the serious comedy in with this smokeshow happy birthday @kristendoute your huge 
 of course i pull out the 2 smoker and drive down maylawn and i just so happened to roll up on a cop sitting at the corner of reek 
 good chance if you smoked a cuban cigar that this mans family grew the tobacco robaina cigars 
 happy birthday  smoke amp mirrors.  @imaginedragons @danreynolds @danielplatzman @waynesermon @benamckee
 the haz lads still teaching in halifax. a little ronin orange in the smoke machine. 
 oh muh gawd it smells like weed. no shit @astoldbyging @lauralinder @thevickyslap
 bless up on being able to smoke out side all day today shits to nice
 drugz i came up off of weed  shrooms  advil
 need some gas but i cant smoke 
 about to call the cops on my roommate for smoking the marijuanas in our apartment 
 high times lifestyle | cannabis culture clothing amp merchandise   
 binging on chefstable  @netflixca  whiterabbitmoscow then vladimir mukhins moose lip dumplings  smoked eel and 
 lebron smokes hope thats a photoshop.......@kingjames
 and women and weed. word to kendrick 
 morning sun 11x14 oil on panel . close ro finishing my paintings from the beautiful smokey mts @ 
 two daze away from the 2nd annual cannabis wedding expo  and we are stoned and in love   
 my moms drunk ass just screamed across the room asking me if i would rather drank or smoke pot....
 @snoopdogg whats good homie   sendin some jersey luv my g  word next time you in nj  it would be an honor to smokeout  da dogg  hi grade
 alternative headline georgia senators have no earthly clue what they are talking about regarding medical cannabis. 
 the fact that im leaving for the smokeys again on thursday is soooo exciting
 drinking a final final by @alphaacidbrewco @ smoke eaters  
 alberts grandma trying to log out of weed maps because albert forgot to logout was the funniest thing ever 
 smoking @morningjoe is blowing smoke up your butts..@rasmussenpoll got it right the first time..amp the second..cc 
 yeeeeah flash fridays is here all hits  lotta smoke  hella babes and a ton of booze. 
 @buffa82 a old fashion smoker keep beer covered... dont want fluids from ring getting in your beer
 all the thick women who think they can sit around smoke  and eat good all day got another thing coming.
 im a smoker maan im a drinker too  
 colorado mcdonalds offers first marijuana friendly smoking section   lol. im rollin 
 sheet mask  weed  amp my favorite thigh high socks 
 damn i hate bein sober  im a smoker  fredo a drinker  tadoe want molly water
 i havent left my desk all day but i somehow got free beer and weed 
 late night smoke to end the evening. @ the world famous cigar bar  downtown fort myers 
 when you get to work for an overnight shift amp no one is here.. im getting paid to smoke 
 big weed smoking idea because i smoke weed is what if we changed the marinara sauce for marijuana sauce on pizza. would that be stoner 420
 its nice when u can chill with a guy  smoke amp fuck with no strings attached.
 when the chain smokers get a grammy for one hit but justin bieber and ariana were nominated and didnt get one 
 im about to get fucked up  and i got a pocket full of weed.  waiter at tgi fridays 
 i love how old people refer to weed as pot. lmao
 i got more weed im happy now
 we really got tacos  weed and about to start off narcos at episode one  mydude 
 yooo  my boy was at the seattle weed fest @inkedbyimani. east coast finally bout to poppp. they talking bout making vermont a denver.
 yo  they already talking bout gmo weed. making organic more expensive. big pharma on it. ah  when i say what a time.
 goes into a party where weed is present for a 5 minutes 
 why does my head hurt smh weed is doing the opposite
 im a very polite smoker
 most girls love for their man to tell them theyre a princess. i love when mine tells me he picked up more weed
 excited to use the new @webergrills smoker today. just put the butt on and got the 2nd smoker warming up 4 the bris 
 i would love to smoke with them lol 
 @fariharajuku ima have a drink now lmao shit smokers smoke all damn day and nobody question them 
 @jaketapper you need to get a grip i see smoke coming out of your ears. think of it as getting shot down in the bedroom. nothing personal
 being around smokers has killed me... im stuffy and i have a constant headache. 
 happy birthday to this beautiful girl  wow is my girlfriend a smoke show or what  
 i love colorado as soon as you step outside you smell the weed
 what kind of moron lights his smoke standing directly behind a pregnant women wtf
 what kind of moron lights his smoke standing directly behind a pregnant woman wtf
 hey @ralphiemay  happy birthday to one of the funniest dudes alive. can we take a new picture and smoke a joint so 
 i need a ride to work ill smoke someone out amp give u gas hmu
 no offense but why do people who smoke blunts have a superiority complex over those who prefer glass i do not understand
 @strube666 damn of course you do  stop by for a smoke before
 people in new port richey  florida love to smoke while pumping gas.
 trump says he wants us products made in the usa  his brands are made everywhere  but the usa.  its called blowing smoke up your ass.
 chain smokers might be one of the best out rn
 the great smoke begins  myfathercigars cigars cigar miami sparkydlighter youngcatgarcia 
 happy birth day smoke dza you have yourself a gravy one man rrrriiiiiigggghhhhhhtttt 
 holy. smokes. @sbwhite has not been exaggerating. 
 @shawtydeee @joser1 i would probably never spill weed or kief again if i had this 
 i just burned 2 holes in my sheets trying to smoke 
 one of the barbers at the shop i go to asked if i wanted to go smoke a joint real quick  but i had to respectfully decline. onlyinseattle
 happy birthday to my nigga @jojogonzalez  lets smoke soon love ya 
 contact us for all your weeding needs. we offer multiple services under one roof. bride groom 
 i guess bc im not a smoker ill never understand yalls addiction
 dude said there is a chemical in weed called fuck it  lmaooooo
 love any story about models selling weed  but especially one written by suketu mehta of maximum city 
 lets smoke on the landscape
 last night.who can say they smoked cigars on bourbon streethad a blast but paying for this 
 got weed and love 
 mll championships are in texas for the first time ever this year and its in dallas these are real tears im so excited holy smokes
 happy birthday my son  smoke all the cigarettes you like @itstravisdude 
 i just picked up a strain of weed called hippie crippler so i guess all im doing today is 1 laying outside and 2 nothing else 
 omg you smoke now thats so gross. only trashy people smoke. 
 i love to eat good and smoke good. 
 i love to eat good and smoke good. 
 hello corn dawg @ b.t.s smokehouse in sturbridge  ma 
 guess ima just smoke when i get off nobody loves me forrreal.
 @moganndavis happy birthday babes love you so much hope you smoke a fat blunt today
 @mikeydlahc hey sorry i missed your birthday i fell into a weed coma yesterday anyways happy birthday 
 im alive again i need chicken and water and weed. 
 experience the impacts alcohol amp marijuana can have on your motor skills @oppnews booth on the 700 level. 
 a large blue birdish thing squawking at me to stop blowing cigar smoke at him. @ munds park cabin 
 just me  my weed  and my big tv relaxation
 8 key findings from one of the biggest reports ever on marijuana consumer trends via @eazeteam 
 fake smokers coming out
 good company  great weed  amp cold beer. 
 cigars everywhere @ smokey joes in fife  wa 
 a young man in kneehigh marijuana socks just strolled past me. justwyandottethings
 each day we wake up  we smoke ls we make love  we bump soul in my basement bump cole in your truck
 @missbriannie what about standing next to a smoker
 fuck it im seeing my weed women i love her
 i dont share my weed  ideas  or woman
 ssg buxeda came by wellington cigar to have a smoke with his place of voodoo platoon oif03 @ 
 you a jack ass  all i smoke is gas
 we smoke  we lay up  we rap  we talked about a vision
 happy birthday ashley @ smoke amp barrel  @beerbbqbourbon in washington  dc 
 i only smoke deep dish
 im here chugging beer and i just want some weed
 pill bottle full of i  love weed i  love loud i  love mary 
 @dannyderaney glad to see you have not had to build an arc  i shall smoke a cigar in your honor
 musqans bikes already blowing q smoke and its practice lap 
 im just looking for love  i know somebody got it champagne for the pain  weed for the low
 this woman says she made the initial 911 phone call when she saw smoke in her apartment complex   what she had to s 
 im trying to smoke a cuban cigar cause mama knows i made it
 favorites so far from you know youre from da region... the sky is always orange the smoke stacks from the mill make clouds 219day
 just smoke pot 
 omg the weed smell is so strong coming through the vents 
 cop by old smoke shop rt to save a life
 i love being in the weed industry 
 never hmu anymore to smoke  
 i know a pot smoker thats lookin for a witch. whats good 
 @ryram love the parents that cheer them on while drinking but so against weed 
 happy birthday baby turn tf up tonight and smoke up god bless you  have a great rest of your day  @longlegsval
 im about to smoke a blunt with my little brother. im so happy right now
 romeo y julieta wide churchillshabana   fine draw  smooth and elegant smoke. cigar cigars 
 theres always some fuckin guy who smokes a cigarette in a crowd of children. honestly  man.
 nobody smokes cigs here. coming home asap
 i assume your talking about marijuana and not preteens 
 levine would have smoked these niggas
 only thing i love is my drank and weed 
 were at the dinner table and my whole family is talking about smoking weed 
 @amergran378 @charlespm777 @immigrant4trump @chatrevolve bull fucking shit. thats nowhere near 7k people. keeping smoking that wack weed.
 also  every single week jeff says that he sees smoke coming from elis bike and there has never been smoke coming from elis bike
 women weed and weather
 @laaalaaalexia same lmfao but weed just taste so nasty to me thats why i always use a filter in my blunts  scoobies gross me out so bad 
 justin just asked hannah if she smokes weed in the confession box.. lmfao @hanban
 i really love weed
 shower was love ... bout to smoke and see whats good on netflix for me
 im boutta start ordering my own fucking weed again.
 i just smoked my head fell down tiaras stairs.. happy birthday pretty @tairuhh
 man i love my life thaistick real cannabis cigar bigblunts  420 
 some days i feel like i need a blunt and then i remember ill choke to death thats why ill never smoke
 @rubinreport lol good one dave. nobody cares about weed and abortion.
 i hate when i put my weed in my socks i always forget about it...
 its 420 on the east coast smoke something 
 @aigkenham strawman  have some quotes for any of that ken  or more smoke ring blowing from you again
 today in history happy birthday 1940 to a soulful singer and songwriter  smokey robinson. 
 women  water  weed  oil
 sally fields was a real smoke show in the 60s 
 if u smoke backwoods  you dont love yourself   
 high school me weed is terrible ill never smoke  me now 
 happy birthday to my boy smokey 13 today. sticking his tongue out at me lol cockerspaniel oldman bestfriend 
 todays birthdays february 19  1963  seal 1940  smokey robinson 14731543 nicolaus copernicus
 fact im gonna kelp eating regular noodles that dont look like weedeater string. 
 @taylordouglas99 happy birthday t have a good one lets smoke a fat one soon for your 18th 
 @nhl @68jagr the old man has skill how many more left in him idk but holy smokes hes a star
 i would rather be a chain smoker than a motor mouth   mechanic 102.3 btv...
 i want a pellet smoker.
 i need one of those voice box projector things. any smokers got an extra
 fucking coke heads against pot smokers
 backwoods is all i smoked out of
 i made 643 in weed shop 2 weedshop2  
 both the corojo and san andres casa fernandez sabor aganorsa cigars smoked nicely. @ raleigh  
 both the corojo and san andres casa fernandez sabor aganorsa cigars smoked nicely. @ raleigh  
 if youre an avid pot smoker  this is for you 
 @gazjones77 @ecigitesztek @deesidedotcom i am an ecig smoker i do not smoke weed i have not had a cigarette for 4 years.
 i dreamed that you got me weed for my birthday 
 first attempt at beef brisket on the smoker. have ribs smoking too  as a backup. 
 happy birthday smokey robinson. motown @fox26houston
 @bioannie1 dont give ganja a bad rap. these are just trumps alternative facts. he get carried away and we need to 
 happy 77th birthday to smokey robinson here he is performing shop around with the miracles in 1960. 
 eye smoked 2 much  @paystubb @ san francisco  california 
 i could never serve a bitch that has a baby that she aint taking care of. y u buyin weed when u should be buyin diapers.
 everytime she talks to me she makes me cry i have so much love for her she wants to smoke pot w me bcuz shes a stoner
 @relmatic i would tear those up after a smoke session 
 happy birthday to me. northern waters smokehaus sandwich and @bentpaddlebeer  happy 
 beautiful weather and all i want to do is smoke spliffs  sit in a tree and listen to black messiah  sharon cancel my meetings
 @ticabell happy birthday my beautiful mermaid smoke a lot of seaweed today 
 happy birthday smokey@smokeyrobinson 
 your not a real smoker if you cannot support your habit 
 i sound like a 70 year old chain smoker
 decided to be a mountain man today and smoke my own jerkey 
 how did smokers ruin a trail@jessicayritchie @meanstreetsoma
 @bostonglobe be careful what you wish for pot smokers
 i love weed
 happy birthday smokey robinson 
 holy smokes amp gee wiz
 sous vide smoked salmon part 2 
 just ate one of those nakechickentacos as a pot smoker i can say its  as a healthy person i can say dont eat more than two a year 
 happy birthday singer  songwriter and producer smokey robinson turns 77 today. 
 @lenillionare smoke shops theres some at infinitys end
 @foreignami gas what i smoke
 @littlero lol oh weed girl 
 when squirrels smoke newports newports colombuspark cigarettes sunday oak oakparkil @ oak 
 @bolatho happy birthday angel smoke fat and be safe
 @blofmitten we got our first smoker about 3 years ago. and i just love using it
 i love smoking weed....
 the fire destroyed a bedroom and the rest of the house is badly damaged by smoke. camp jackson fd called for red cross aide.
 just visited a dope little weed cafe 
 theres actually no reson to smoke cigs its just hella disgusting
 president has to decompress  reagan chopped wood  41st fished  clinton smoked cigars  w ran with warriors  obama uh..gave away our freedoms
 happy birthday to my younger brother @californiaguy18 i swear to god  if you drink or smoke  ill kill you love you 
 bouta smoke a blunt and go see split in reno im sooooo happy
 hey moron . dont you know that youre not suppose to smoke near a pump
 if i smoke this gas you dont exist to me
 spending hard earned money on weed gtgt being responsible and paying bills
 spending my hard earned money on weed gtgtgt being responsible and paying bills
 who saw the smokey and the bandit reference twd
 buying weed gtgt paying bills
 12 the shit women deal with in a mans world.....  i just wana get money  smoke weed  and rap. @ 
 my birthday 420 i smoke  with my nigga every year
 who im going blow with this year  on birthday 420 i miss my nigga we smoke  everyday fuck my birthday
 @sethrogen dude you are one hilarious man id love to meet you one day and just smoke and watch a funny ass movie with you.
 colby fuck yeah. fuck homework. do what you love. love what you do. do some weeds.
 my coworkers rave and smoke weed. i love my new job
 happy birthday @eldaybid4 amp @jessytdiaz   david hope your skin disease cleared amp jessy lets go smoke a bowl or two love ya guys 
 whenever im tryna smoke nobody answers the phone but when im not everybody wanna text me gas in gas in gas in 
 youre 20 years old... list of things you can do 1. smoke  2. buy lotto tix 3. get tattoo 4. use some goddamn deodorant  try one  esp 4
 smoking weed is gross
 shes a good teaser  and we blowing reefer
 want smoke im a smoker 
 you cant smoke saint laurent jeans 
 im coughing like i smoke 40 packs a day  cant breathe out of my nose amp im so congested... im over this
 my bad for bein so late on this but happy birthday brotha @sethus well link again one day homie  smoke one for me 
 omg this weed is fucming amazing  stoner @stonernation stoners stonernation
 yall know grant from the weed yeah fell in love with him tonight.
 cigarette smokers 
 i dont smokers
 bro that was some dank ass weed
 i love weed
 sarah paulson chain smokes in every role shes ever been in.
 lighting up this weed and im loving how its tasting 
 the weed im smoking called fat freddy cold 
 @jacobjbg lol that gif said holy smokes  but this lineup huge 
 i love you  weed 
 growing fields of marijuana n corn n cotten in alabama butt for two days ago happy birthday paris i give u a ring made by hamlett
 @munin @daveschmerler for me  based on my personal experience as a now former smoker  it probably wouldnt matter.
 yall really love that weed i see  ..smh 
 if you did not start from reggie you not a smoker 
 all i smoke is gas  
 i have never wanted to chain smoke more then this moment right now
 volumes of miracles abound amp yet smoke rolls thru my lungs as darkness clings the role of white woman goes on the run shooed soles 2 tungs
 stop saying who needs a job hmu with a career  some ambition  or to smoke 
 @selenagomez  i understand you committed career building suicide  just like all the other actors who smoked on camera. goodluck
 day 19 danile watts is impossible to look away from. love her in weeds and django unchained especially.
 oomf hmu you tryna smoke nah im good family.. thats like asking to fuck right i thought so ..  idwf that .
  happy birthday smokey robinson
 i sit in the er for less than a minute and a woman asks if she could buy a cigarette of me..1 i dont smoke 2 this is a hospital  bitch
 im just wondering why the chain smokers are even there. 
 nationalloveyourpetday my smokey the cat whose 16 years old amp my 11 month old kitten mr. grey my true bff 
 ppl threw oranges in the fire last night amp i was breathing in the smoke and i needed my inhaler but now my chest hurts so much so thx guys
 the chain smokers are literal ass lol
 im finally coming homethat means no more smoke  creepy old men looking at me  and gross busses. i hate it here
 this guy just brought a bag of weed in this aa meeting
 happy birthday dj smokey @jessegermaine
 its a beautiful day at philadelphias 1 smoke shop holtscigarcompany ashtoncigars ashton
 hbd smokey robinson amotownlegend respect 
 @maxasecas thats her hand  old lady chain smoker nails like dirty talons hand
 beakers beak smokers smoke and drinkers drink
 daily smokin weed cuz ah nigga thoughts is cloudy
 its funny watching non smokers turn into stoners just like that lls
 she only smokes when she drinks she only drinks now and then now and then when shes tired of bein let down by men
 thinking about hitting up the shop  but the fact that i have nobody to smoke with sucks
 my gee litmothy just called to smoke me out  tsss real one
 lol i love smoking weed 
 @pzmyers smokers are jokers
 @madflavor happy birthday cocksucka next time youre near orlando  ill bring weed banana bread for ya.
 all we smoke  is gas  gucciblack1g @ gas world 
 happy birthday to da realiesttttt i love having a big brother because i always got someone to smoke fat with ily @flowsoftheforce
 everybody thinks im talking about weed 
 a cannabis wedding  
 happy birthday @madflavor smoke some fucking huge bong hits 
 smoke again smoke again little weed never hurt nobody thats a fact
 i goter   shawty a goner   get smoke like a stoner
 tears rolling down my face heavily so i smoked one
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash on friday 
 choice drug.. weed amp real estate 
 im professional smoker  happy smoker   amp shit on my tongue  
 love us some cigars at @rudysshop  and with @sunkingbrewing  the smoke out is sure to be a hit cheers guys 
 @govgaryjohnson and the state of new mexico want you to smoke pot and drive 55 mph. 2 stupid ideas. novaleverga
 suketu mehta writes this fantastic piece about a drug ring of models and women  delivering weed around nyc. 
 i smoke papers an fonta or backwoods thats all
 happy birthday queen  i love u smoke one for me.  @rihanna
 @whattheffacts scientists also estimate that having a dog or any pet adds years to your life so... puppys carton of smokes  90ish 
 happy birthday sweetheart  smoke some gas today  @robmcgee32
 @versanchie hahahaha i love the weed time measurement
 all paws on deck  @ weedon island preserve 
 oh the choices which one will you choose come and hang out with us and relax with a good smoke cigarlife 
 @hippieoflove im moving but no idea where yet  gonna have legal weed wherever it is lmao
 smoking is disgusting  2nd hand smoke is disgusting  3rd hand smoke is disgusting
 where the real smokers at 
 @lexxlordd @brandaddy i might smoke too if yall niggas understand i have to sneak out then you scoop me
 i feel like men are so generous with weed .... there just like here and have a nug or two.
 big fun moderating the marijuana media panel @cannacon @mjventure @highergtv @getfreshtoast @nwleaf @mjheadlinenews 
 bout to buy these chain smoker tickets but where do i wanna sit
 she said she never smoked but i turned her into a stoner
 cannabis smokers here in the good ole usa. ask @potus to consider this petition  
 holy smokes how do people stand for the glacial speed of west coast coffee shops
 straingangproblems when you have no idea what to smoke 
 today is national love your pet day. so heres smoke gregson  
 hey  wanna drink beer and sit by the smoker  of course i do. 
 moar smoked salmon moar goinghome bagel smokedsalmon airport @ vancouver international airport 
 paola a real one she came to my job to smokeme out when i was on break 
 some douchenozzle is sitting in the car next to me chain smoking  and blowing all his smoke into my car. this is so gross.
 cigars and hotrods. cant get more patriotic than that    great smoke from @tatuajecigars  with 
  two things i love... shrimp and weed 
 yall be claiming the weed man as yall boo and still be paying for weed 
 @chelseaclinton a deranged man wielding a cigar went around vaginally penetrating 20 year olds with it saying ill smoke this one later
 sitting on a rock at the pinnacles and this guy asked if i wanted to smoke a blunt
 all i smoke is gas.
 yes  took me 3 days to finish one  not a real smoker . 
 do you smoke   smoke what exactly   nvm  only a stoner would say that.   oh. right  okay. 
 ill choke you then smoke you out free of charge  
 cool love grahm fav msg vocalist and @frankdimino new album old habits die hard is a smoker. saw quite a few show 
 @madisonjgray event here in nyc presented by a poc led cannabis nonprofit  would love to give you a free ticket 
 building a weed tolerance sucks balls
 im in the car w my pops handling the aux and i start playing all these corridos about coke amp weed and my dad starts 
 @mcuban what are your thoughts on medicinal marijuana
 @pulpmxshow @pulpmx @btosports any word on why tomacs bike seems to smoke from the drive side of the bike. noticed it more than once
 cant forget about the weed smokers hiding in the shadows
 military men cant cheat  our leadership will smoke the shit outta us if we do.
 happy 18th birthday frat boy ben i would say we should go out and smoke a pack of cigs today but that would ruin o 
 love smoking weed before bed
 just heard two rich businessmen talking about buying weed amp it was hilarious 
 theres always that one who does a speech on the usage of marijuana  we get it ya smoke weed
 im at smokestack in san francisco  ca  
 i wonder if he looks at the moon  smokes a blunt and thinks of me.
 colorado mcdonalds offers first marijuana friendly smoking section 
 i remember some guy came to my job saying he had girl scout amp i was like cool what kind i like the samoas amp he was dead talking about weed
 @saberspark dont worry  that would never happen id use white smoke.
 im in wichita with a car rare lol hmu to smoke
 one hundred  one thousand  100k  one million we smoke  we lay up  we rap  we talked about a vision
 @catorano lot of smoke about them and chandler. would love to see it  but betting denver wants more than a late 1st.
 gas  is what we smoke bih
 @degandhi shes probably the product of a smoker baby lol
 tomorrow we will have an amazing panel about mentoring come with questions then were heading over to smoke eater 
 @hawaiidelilah @rfitzjarrald ignored by the wellmeaning  apathetic  and ignorant. now the weeds are out of control. end
 that fat fucking beaner has to go rt @cobiryals breaking into a country lt smoking weed 
 smoke weed everydayyy  except when youre in the studio recording an album amp the homie 
 i love weed more than people
 i like my weed super loud and potent so when i was buying i was paying 15   dont givva damn ..
 damn this foo always smokes..goals i love it ferman 
 champagne and reefer
 90 of the time i always smoke out my people  thats me showin love 
 im the dude who left his duffle bag at the bart station and probably lost my laundry and weed and my favorite sweatshirt
 when i smoke  i start to create shit that i know everyone would love.
 its not your bday here in cali yet but happy 21st birthday ilysm @jasebro hope you visit soon so you can buy me weed and alcohol
 i love when u get some good head then u smoke a cigarette
 sparked a joint 2nite and @mykkiblanco jumped down to rap rt next to us @chelseagangster and i smoked the whole thing  obvi. but omfg 
 or when we decided smoking weed in the restroom was a good idea
 nobody ever go visit tyler  they smoke in front of you and dont offer the blunt
 cigarette smokers just turn me off completely
 someone no balls me to ask my neighbor to smoke me a bowl
 getting plastic surgery to smoke kush more efficiently
 need a fine darkskin bihh to smoke and vent to.
 oh shit i forgot to smoke
 i smoke rapper weed  this that moon rock.
 good weed and good conversation 
 i wanted to smoke some weed today... decided not to
 honestly just want someone i can smoke with and have good conversation lol 
 i love talking to chris after he smokes lol
 smoking on gas for real  i couldnt find my weed   33 savage
 rt @kbux1229 rt @historylvrsclub johnny cash having a smoke before going on stage at folsom prison  1968. 
 i have no idea where i get the quote smoke you out of yo socks but i like it 
 og ion smoke no cookie  been trappin cant be no rookie
 employing a smoker costs over 5600 yr more than a non smoker. @bencanmag hosts the annual emoloyers cancer care summit
 i never considered how smoking effects a smokers pets health and now i just feel sad about it.
 wearing my ghost jersey and the 1st person i walk by has a penguins jersey on. little does he know  his team is getting smoked on saturday.
 today were talking about joints. no  not what willie nelson smokes  but cracks in rocks.
 unless black smokes crack  
 dont trust jeffery ill rob you for yo toaster  im a fucking pot smoker not no fucking stock broker i thought i told you nigga
 also special place in hell for cigarette smokers who just toss their butts wherever. public space is not your trash can. 
 @happeningnow it would be great if you just reported the news not get down in the weeds telling us your worries trying to analyze things
 @reneefromwiller happy birthday pretty  i hope you have a fantastic day  dont smoke too much 
 first thing i do today is go to class but this guy walking directly in front of me starts vaping so his smoke is constantly in my face wtf
 @exhaledank @stonergiass origami smokeables 
 when i started 2 smoke pot i thought that made me a hippy but know i now that i was missed out on the movement i did not know to lie 2 women
 women who smoke in pregnant 
 final revisions and edits some days you plant  some days you fertilize  some days you harvest but today is just for pulling weeds.
 the only thing im trying to do is live happy and smoke free.
 too bad im not a smoker
 i literally sound like an 80 year old chain smoker.
 countless times many people in high positions decided that running off the mouth and spreading cannabis myths was a great idea.
 women  weed amp weather
 the musical stylings of @zach216  featuring the chain smokers 
 you a real smoker  
 i smoke backwoods  
 my dads a clown...nigga gonna buy beer and weed daily then ask me to gas his car lmfaooooo
 bout smoke me a backwoods to start my day
 @mrspinky85 @weaselzippers no. blowing smoke.
 i love college all i do is learn cool shit and smoke weed
 @bobodagod yooo my mans dad smokes them like that i wanted to yack in oldheads face
 @hiimtwit he was also a chain smoker and heavy drinker. dont smoke amp drink amp stream  kids.
 my sistem always got weed on it 
 @adhlarepghdfz @nwilcoxkid god bless america i also love weed
 my professor is always talking about weed. high key he was a stoner back in his day 
 a1 i believe that many platforms will become more selfpolicing where trolls  auto dmers  and negative peeps will be weeded out raganchat
 the smell of smoke is so gross 
 someone asked in one of my fb groups what a potluck was. i replied that it was a bunch of people meeting in a park to smoke pot.
 the main point of this course is... dont smoke pot while on your way to a delivery  you are not kid cannabis 
 all i do is smoke weed read books the bible amp drink champagne amp site see wit my bike
 i dont smoke unless its fuego.
 thats food  weed  snacks  a month of netflix  condoms  candles  gas money   backwoods  and liquor. with a 50 ball 
 professional happy smoker 
 we need a smoke mates app that delivers sticks
 very confused as to why everyone smokes juuls now i thought we collectively decided as a society we were antivaping
 all we do is smoke that gas 
 mood. rt @derekalmightyy somebody should smoke me out and the lord shall bless you amen
 the guy next to me at the airport screaming in his phone why cant you listen...i couldnt keep the weed in my bag   truestory
 chain smoker by chance is amazing man
 new  glass for the smoke shop @ rock fantasy 
 weezy always say so yall just gone smoke yall brains out  i be dead weak
 yall really think niggas in la at our age lookin for love. all the good weather  weed  and women.
 i am in love with @haley420  my goal is too smoke with her one day cause shes awesome 
 the only thing that can make me happy at this point is to have a puppy and endless supply of weed
 come see ya boi at tonys smokers express in the sunoco gas station in montrose come on stoners i know youre out there.
 finally had a conversation with one of my neighbors and hes actually chillcool. we talked about vaping weed  bike theft  and getting work
 i just want to drive somewhere with someone and smoke while having good ass conversations 
 i love smoking weed 
 here we go. afba happy hour  meatball of the day and fried shrimp with smoked aioli  afbahh @ 
 single mobile home fire. no one inside at the time. two firefighters suffered smoke inhalation and were transported 
 you cant chain smoke cigarettes and eat rock candy daily and expect to live
 how the fuck is being vegan helping yourself or the world if youre just gonna chain smoke and pound beers
 @blvcsvnd if you smoke backwoods your throat is fucked then..
 keeping the hubby alive with smoked chicken and black beans. cuz he loves my food. onepotmeals castironcooking 
 hemp field  57. twp 53.  hemp ball. 34 ticksllhoops @andybrackets
 these allergies got me sounding like a 60year old woman with smoker lungs.
 senator anna wishart has joined the panel and is currently working on a medical cannabis bill for the nebraska legislature. @nebraskaanna
 some weed strains never have a flavor its just smooth smoke so you can tell its gas
 i should have smoked before coming.
 i love love love weed  and having to cut it a little bit because its taking too much of my time makes me really sad  but proud.
 @ingodwetryst they shouldve been beer or weed flavoured  no  
 i love weed
 bro you cant smoke a dragon ball  
 real question for people who smoke weed  when you get older amp have kids are you gonna be okay with your kids smoking amp why yesno
 anything that you can poke holes in  you can smoke out of 
 southern university to host medical marijuana town hall meeting 
 we live next to a guy who smokes pot while whistling to rap music
 ask me why we have two smokers 
 holy smokes hannah montanas dad just performed at the @predsnhl game. and i had no idea... 
 who would you smoke with @snoopdogg  @willienelson @tommychong
 she only smokes when she drinks she only drinks now and then  now and then when shes tired of bein let down by men
 @demeccafree @theview @waltdisneyworld i do not smoke anything
 we dont smoke unless its fuego
 wanted female roommate. non smoker  non ugly.
 wait until commercial  ill smoke a jail cigarette with you hes talking about newports
 im in love with marijuana and codeine   i dont love these hoes
  meditation  conversation and a lil marijuana  
 legal marijuana industry  a few people music and art careers and real estate. 
 im getting so high and going hiking in denver.. legal weed is life
 idk why weed smokers think they any better than cigarette smokers....  yall both tearing them lungs up
 @elenaaabeeee ganja never hurt no one 
 bucket list item 420 smoke so much weed for a long time because smoking weed is tight and im a stoner and weed is good bro. seriously 420
 someone come smoke one in the man cave with me and oak
 what are you doing well im not going outside to chain smoke at 1230 if thats what youre asking
 theres a girl blowing vape smoke in the skee ball ramp to give her friend good luck. get that shit outta here.
 the fact she made him burn all that weed almost had me in tears 
 i swear everybody smoke weed except me
 happy mffff birthday to me decided to smoke this blunt now as an early bday gift 
 medication  conversation and a little marijuana
 wna smoke but i know for a fact my roommates will tell the ra on me
 meditation  conversation  and a little marijuana.
 nobody smokes molly nigga what are you talking about 
 @vickybrush @shepnewsteam @foxnews  shep chain smokes and it shows. i do too. who actually watches this guy
 shes the drinker  im the smoker. we balance each other. 
 you know the blunt some gas when u can only smoke half of it
 im off  u already know whats next operation smoke tweed
 we just smoked under the same moon 
 im tryin to smoke but no ride to the shop
 i always have weed whatmotivatesmein4words
 @theacetjshow my mom smoked when i was little and at 7 years old i would ride my bike to the store about 2 miles away to get her cigarettes.
 as a christian  i cannot say that we should not have medicinal marijuana. totally agree with @tonethebone37 @openingdrive
 ayyyee happy birthdayhave a good onetu @xthekidxx  smoke one too
 interest in growing medicinal cannabis is strong. 
 why did i put lipstick on before i smoker
 @craigsmorgan i think athletes in other sports used to smoke. i remember some football players amp of course baseball players. 
 im a smoker
 in two days owcp has risen 200. the next big hopeful is rmhb. a united states cannabis goods company. making mj drinks  eats and more.
 oh im not a smoker just like the bitmoji 
 happy birthday my nigga @thaplug have a good one g smoke sum
 oomf on insta dissed me bc i skipped school today but shes the one who never comes to class to smoke weed ok jendkdk
 yall smoke rock
 @l1ldebbie how does one acquire your amazing marijuana
 i sit at the end of the row. no one was here but me. and then. the dank weed guy came it. all the seats are empty. he sits right next to me.
 i forgot what breathing felt like without the dank weed invading my lungs.
 i posted im having a bad day and 2 people already hmu saying theyll smoke me out omg i love my friends
 these older women taking a smoke break are ranting about cinnabon delights
 too many birthdays coming up. i cant keep up  shit. i smoke too much damn weed. happy birthday everybody. that should cover it. alltru
 two tequila shots and cranberry vodka and il set for the night. oh n a lil bit of weed
 no more weed rt @wanmafiq come on guys  be creative 
 that you sinuses for making me sound like a 75 year old woman who smokes 3 packs a day. @jimmyfallon
 if you think a wedding with marijuana accents cant be classy  take a look at our gallery and think again 
 if you think a wedding with marijuana accents cant be classy  take a look at our @cannawedexpo photos amp think again 
 happy birthday smoke you can dab as much as you want today  
 happy birthday aj  ill smoke a blunt with you later dont worry  
 the moment youve waiting for herbavore smoke n eats presents open poetry night  
 in the mood to smoke and have a good deep conversation with someone
 @taank3 happy birthday you pussy ass bitch  hope u smoke large sums of pot 
 why do you smoke pot weed cannabis pot pothead stoner
 when you smell like smoke you are a smoker.  nuff said.  behonest lifeinsurance
 just smoked before class... im the dumbest person alive
 we can dance on the moon we can smoke one n talk
 why do smokers always insist on standing right by the door non smokers use too youre not doing any favors by standing 1mm away.
 a true smokers delight  devourtheflower @ canna culture 
 im literally loling rn because my dads throwing a fit bcuz mav ate his weed 
 all i smoke is gasss
 i sound like a 60 year old man that is a chain smoker. fits me well
 all the weed men bout to have chongs choice ...lmao
 briar patch on l street upped its chair game. now i will bless this room with the smoke of bijou pipe tobacco. 
 briar patch on l street upped its chair game. now i will bless this room with the smoke of bijou pipe tobacco. 
 youre too beautiful to smoke 
 gas what i smoke 
 old drum into a smoker. sunsetpowdercoating ral5010 smoker windergeorgia powdercoating sandblasting 
 if youre a woman amp still bang with chris brown  youre washed up. beats women  smokes cigs  and his 2 nose rings look dumb.
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash on friday 
 even if i wasnt a smoker i would be a supporter 100 that is the most amazing natural drug there is
 chain smokers and coldplaythank you brits2017
 you hardly smoke but you wanna smoke my drugs...dont know how to love but you somehow get by love
 and some days you say  i should build a cold smoker...  @arthurircink things to come this 
 @reptrentfranks is clearly as ignorant  divorced from reality amp frankly stupid as he sounds. nukes in a bale of weed what a moron
 i need a chains smokers date
 theres nothing worst than being a crazy ass smoker but always smoking by yaself so that calls for always rollllllin ya own shit
 my neck and my back hurt so bad blood. if you really my potna come smoke 1 wit meno females except jala cuz if damoni beat u up im helpin
 @mabbupuku the chain smokers have been doing collabs like this for a bit. its a little too popalt for me tho but they arent bad
 damn it feels good to be a gator  to rock lab coats  purple polos amp smoke payyper
 hes not plugging the aux chord in hes packing the weed in the blunt down with the end of the aux  
 so when did stack jack smoke... stephenjackson   he breaks it down here  
 im taking some  ass gas for us to smoke. 
 ummmmm..... that smoke cannot be good for the environment. justsaying 
 lmfao i just turned on the tv and the bews was on and theyre talking about weed
 the modern day weed men has fullpart time jobslt. i cant..
 i know you smoke pot
 dumpage in utah  cold smoke pow all day  love utah powder  
 me and kaylia finna smoke this blunt fucked up damn she came thru 
 cigarette smoke will always be the worst smell my nose has ever come intact with
 @rebeccasallen2 you bet becky... he can offer cuban cigars made in somalia to the libs amp they can all puff da smoke at the muzzys electors
 the sexiest thing about smoking cigarettes is the part when you dont smoke them
 missing the vibe from @imthatsydnee amp @itslaniya when we use to smoke deep ass conversations yo 
 @ehleesa27 closer by the chain smokers im disappointed in you.
 @realdonaldtrump dont trust anyone who is a holdover better start weeding them out quickly you know theyre coming for you  they hate you
 this crowd seemed to agree about marijuana legalization  mcclintock supports taking it off schedule 1  warns about 
 adam black ass asia you smoke huff me aye shamia let him know we smoke ... me amp shamia good gas  good gas glick boys  @envybri
 @llkevi after that i wanted to just chain smoke 5 packs of cigarettes
 chain smokers and coldplay  doesnt get much better than this
 someone play me in 8ball while i smoke
 love weed 
 all i smoke is gas  
 when coach says i promise you im not blowing smoke up your butt. 
 these guys out here just taking a casual smoke break down the driveway  talking bout who knows what. so tell me why i look at kade and this
 happy hemp day 
 sure theres some slimy girls out there  but hes a grown ass man and youre a grown ass woman. weed out the bad girls but dont limit him.
 i love marijuana 
 i love weed. it makes me sad people i love think less of me for it.
 happy birthday to the reason my mom knows ive smoked weed @kylehazlewood
 literally smoked myself into a discontinued smoking life .. did not think tht was possible unless u had like a hole in ur throat or sum shit
 @babies2017 @frayserclick smoke wed
 i love marijuana
 seeing the sites...on weed @ union street  san francisco 
 advanced periodontitis was associated with a 2.5fold increase in smokingrelated cancers among never smokers. 
 this is just a moonlight soaked  ring of smoke  right hand on a cold one confession
 come show how boss you can be grab a cigar from next door amp smoke it with one of our delicious 
 my love is a field that the weeds have grown up in.  bill mallonee 
 i cant tell if im still blowing out smoke or its just that cold
 my clients used to be depressed authors who drank heavily. now they are manic musicians that smoke weed. i think i made a right choice.
 i smoke backwoods and dutchies you cant touch me
 all i smoke is gas 
 damn i hate being soberrr im a smoker  tedo a drinker fredo off molly wataaa
 pt was def a smoker today
 i will smoke one for you gone but never forgotten love you always my buddy  @goodebuddy
 master jefferson was a lifelong hemp smoker..
 been craving a cigarette and im not even a smoker
 @yungblakey i thought i had no weed at all and im lookin thru my box of stuff and i see a g and i start cryin. i have never been so happy
 @ladylexusrx @mrskuz @nufcfan  good dog joins bike race  smokes the competition  via @deadspin
 doctors refusing to operate on smokers. remember when they smoked in the hospital pepperidge farm remembers 
 @bighatbbq saw one of your smokers in @tailgatermag.  very cool.
 i dont consider myself a stoner   i just smoke fr
 the moment youve waiting for herbavore smoke n eats presents open poetry night  
 im tryna hit a cannabis cigar
 @leodaevinci lmao so for the smoke up
 lol pigg whats next you heard i smoke rocks 
 i love how smoking weed is the norm
 hey  just tried paradise hemp coffee @hempcoffee so good i called the owner and told him how amazing it was. as good as my cuban blend.
 god ideas are soo pointless i sit here and say numerous bullshit coked talk on cannabis ideas if somebody steals them then so be it
 @wyoweeds cant you classify it as a weed
 wanted agronomic weed scientist at the @ufifaswfrec. interested 
 never trust a female who prefer to smoke flavored gars.
 @wattsupwiththat you all need to realize that is steam coming out of those stacks not smoke.
 i love my life smoke a lil weed and everythings good 
 @knndyyoung rqq hitem hard team i got a sweater for my birthday thats a smoker but the weather wont cooperate.
 @giiiian  weed too
 laced the weed like shoe strings
 happy birthday lagger @ogpanda23 im still going to rolling loud without you and i dont even smoke
 happy smoker 247 
 @lanetharpe happy birthday you degenerate. you can legally smoke now  
 @marianaguerraf actually fuck no  i would smoke more at my high school than i can at this university lmao
 see me  roll me  smoke me  @ san francisco  california 
 nyki just said i cant smoke unless im high
 i swear smokers are the funniest niggas ever
 omg happy birthday love i would do a gunmetal dark smokey with a nude glossy lip  
 i really hate when weed men be outta pocket
 @sarahpalinusa sarah stay away. smoke some meth and do not offer any dumb comments. kellyantsy is the new you..
 need an extra ganja ticket for tonight please
 me whats your ethnicity dumbass fuckboy 50 sea 50 weed
 ion gaf about nothing but my weed
 lakers weeding out the old... bringing in young talent
 my mama called me and my brother weed heads . she was laughing too 
 why do black women on welfare support a dude boy. new shoes  hair did  weed. who has child with them. something backwards
 @huntsmanabby kale is just a weed somebody decided they could monetize. yuck
 weve legit been talking about weed in my psych class for a good 20 minutes 
 @braddjaffy oh  he definitely did compare rec marijuana it to opioid use.
 disgusting but for some reason its hot when j smokes 
 kids  dont smoke the weeds. it can give you holes in the colon
 wait thats the problemtrump has never smoked weed. ok some one hold him down while we pump some obama kush into his lungs. problemsolved
 all cannabis use is medicinal.  
 oh man and theyre taking our weed this is the end guys
 @ryanlcooper ive always been convinced sessions plan is to rico state marijuana control boards. like the actual bureaucrats.
 @theferocity he will never get seattles weed. srlsy. these people are attached to it.
 chain smokers really dropping another college dage anthem
 me omggggggggg always after i smoke  
 they coming for everybody. illegal aliens with brain tumors  refugees  trans kids  pot smokers. everybody
 my hope is that sessions  who is a terrible lawyer and person  gets so fucked in court that we get gay weed and no more prisons
  favorite smoke buddy  love you amp glad i have a friend like you
 some guy sits next to us on the beach is ew hes going to smoke a cig we should move  guy pulls out a joint is its ok its just weed
 national chili day and the countdown to the masters just got heated. 999 hours till drives will be smoked at augusta national 
 heads up yall.. spicer just said theyre coming for your weed. are you triggered yet 
 a 60 some year old woman just told me she wouldnt be having diarrhea if the doctors prescribed her marijuana and not antibiotics
 lol  i understand hell has a lot of smoke... 
 @kolakjason @plazmyk weed to me isnt dangerous  unless your smoking it 24 hrs straight. i know some people who it helps
 all my cigarette smokers plz quit by 30 or youll die. love you 
 i hate when people are dumb enough to light and smoke a cigar at a gas station. 
 i get that people smoke  cool for them.  but please for the love of god dont blow it in my face when im taking your order. 
 a sign of warm weather the constant weed smell coming from my neighbors back yard. 
 @realdonaldtrump remember that when you use your iphone... steve jobs used weed to create it... youre such a disappointment. youre fired
 my mom amp i have tickets for a reggae concert this summer amp rn shes telling me about how excited she is to get fucked up and smoke blunts 
 @altdoj  some gift @realdonaldtrump gave to @jeffsessions  must be birthday present. he gets to play god and hunt for bad weed smokers.
 @venicemase they love using the states rights bs  except when it comes to weed. hypocrites....
 you have the wrong idea if you think marijuana actual untouched marijuana is harmful.
 coming after the marijuana industry is going to do the exact opposite of creating jobs.
 its just a thing about the chain smokers  all their music is garbage 
 @davedelfavero @kattimpf im a fan..she just has 60 year old smoker voice
 @csydelko @jjxlynn who cares  yall cant have good career wit smokin weed anyway unless you a celeb or these new so called rappers
 every chain smokers song sounds exactly the same  like synthesized garbage
 yall be roofying and raping women but are anti weed lol
 @emberhaze smokers riiiight where i like him
 @kristendana if you smoke  quit. and drink a lot of water.  your skin will love you. but i feel you are a big liar head lol
 @meganeliza love weeds. when i found it i was hooked lol
 im just tryna get a haircut and smoke lol but barbers difficult
 sophomore year i got 4 tickets  kicked out of school for a marijuana pipe 
 if i could stop coughing like a 50 year old smoker  that would be cool.
 thank god for weed cause alot of yall would get yall ass whooped on a regular.
 of course because rich private prison owners wouldnt have a business if marijuana was legal 
 lol people who smoke weed are the least of your worries 
 with moms husband yeah. we smoke each other out while watching the nightly news. 
 when i smoke im happy.
 racism  sexism is one thing but messing with marijuana will cause a real revolt. 
 @f800gecko no true convection present at the time  we were tossing the idea of a smoke plume but there not much there for that either. odd
 if all you do is smoke i cant fwu
 im dying someone is selling weed on offer up 
 god bless the dogs of the world ... love this gtgt good dog joins bike race  smokes the competition  via @deadspin
 stoge after stoge i choke on the smoke they help forget that this world is so cold
 jaimes weed smells dank 
 love marijuana  i smoke on the daily 
 an older woman keeps telling me zia needs to get a marijuana leaf enamel pin so she can put it on her visor  shes so nice it hurts 
 conservatives smoke immigrant cigars and measure their dicks with shrimp cocktail at country club meetings. truth
 pot smokers are superpredators dude  3 strikes you know  @jaredbeck 
 like a 50 year old smoker 
 nobody to smoke with 
 first they came for the pot smokers  and i did not speak outbecause i was so stoned ampeating cheetos...wait  what were we taking about
 this is what happens when stoners quit weed i want a burrito i want weed buzzfeedblue  via 
 watching ur man smoke is literally the sexiest thing ever  be wanting to put the jay out right then and there.
 this guy in this taco bell drive through is asking where they get the cheese from ... i sweater god get your taco bell before you smoke
 talked to my career advisor today about the pros of government jobs vs weed jobs.
 last night this lady called freaking out because she thought she left her weed in her tanning bed room and thats why i love my job
 ive been cigar smoke free for one year today. nosmoking cigarsmoking 
 in this life like weeds  youre a rock to me
 permit process for a licensed cannabis nursery involves tons of paperwork. id rather pound my toe with a rock than fill out another form
 im so high i forgot i smoked the blunt
 good weed got me talking about dieties  aphrodite  sucker for good lighting and good hand writing
 @realdonaldtrump a crackdown on weed  are you kidding me you will not be reelected.
 when you find weed that you forgot you had you know its about to be lit
 i love weed ooooo look its little popcorn  @mowade98
 shocking this happens the same day they announce they will be federally cracking down on marijuana. oh  wait  not s 
 rounding up immigrant mothers and now pot smokers. i feel safer and greater already trump 
 good night to everyone  except the guy who sold stems my first time buying weed
 bucket list 1. fall in love 2. meet brooke davis  3. smoke w wiz
 nu cloothes blody nose powdas n walkin bahck home has e goh enough weedno brokenphone
 firefighters called after snoop dogg smokes out hotel room |   snoopdogg
 fire fighters called to hotel in australia because of intense smoke  it turned out to be snoop dogg lol snoopdogg 
 this weed is dank
 chain smokers has a new song that features coldplay omg im screaming  yesss
 we believe in weed  gay marriage  technology and science  reducing our carbon footprint  education as a right  strength in diversity
 i dont understand this at all  we have facts and evidence debunking such misinformed views towards weed  yet this 
 happy 20th birthday to my 20  lafranz hemphill  @trinethunderfb @coachabbs @trineoss @aaroncoyleradio
 happy birthday natalie @natbradford3 now u can finally smoke cigarettes 
 such a fucking joke. more alternative facts to fatten the pocket of liver spotted old men. marijuana aint opiate 
 and .....mark my words....the very same argument used against lbgtq rights will be the reversed regarding marijuana...a complete 180
 did i just wake up to new music from future  lana  and chain smokers. 
 trump administration compares marijuana legalization to opposite epidemic  me 
 btw if you smoke cigarettes inside when its cold outside youre gross and rude.  sacrificing my air quality because youre lazy
 @mcuban @djp1970 i can tell when some one is blowing smoker up my ass
 we love money  we love weed. we love nathan  we love steed.
 @marycaddell @cotonluver @vp where there is smoke there is undoubtedly fire.
 i love when people tell me theyll smoke me out  yall the best  the realist  i love yall 
 i never thought i would smoke with @joseforsale21 
 nah this is what happens when you smokedrink while youre pregnant. 
 newest chain smoker song 30 hours after it came out. im proud of this one so help it reach the 
 not from the perspective of any sane pot smoker. keeping it illegal provides numerous pros for them. 
 @ranchodinero not a whole lot of support for recriminalizing weed in conservative circles. in fact much the opposite imo.
 newest chain smoker song 30 hours after it came out. im proud of this one so help it reach the 
 nvm i forgot i dont smoke nomo
 just as spicer implies that cracking down on weed will somehow reduce opiate use... alternativefacts 
 today on facebook white pot smokers suddenly not tired of politics anymore. 
 think the timing is a coincidence this coming at the same time session wants to crack down on pot smokers amp legal 
 @isadora2394  is this you i always chain smoked with a big gulp and just randomly start conversations like a esc 
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash on friday 
 beautiful day to smoke some gas 
 theres a chemical in weed called fuck it 
 theres a chemical in weed called fuck it
 rolled by and noticed the smoker is out at the @pourhousevt get down there soon for some great eats and ice cold brews tgif btv aube
 someone get smoked in 8 ball
 drives me crazy that affluent white men still want marijuana possession to be a crime when that disproportionately affects minorities
 last year i paid 20 for @jcolenc tickets in the lawn and got smoke the fuck out and had a good view  now they so expensive miami
 nobody hit me up to smoke im not smoking any longer
 maddies mom came in and she smells like musty ass weed and then turned around and called herself musty 
 yesterday transgender children  today theyre coming after the pot smokers thank you wisconsin  michigan  and pennsylvania for trump amp co
 love being high while watching weeds
 if i smoke a cigarette in the vbathroom at the airport. what happens they gonna arrest me or just tell me to put it out 
 how you trappin and you smoke hookah
 @patgarrett8841 until you provide some evidence  youre just blowing smoke.
 leedforweed is one way to reduce the ginormous energy consumption of cannabis grow houses.  
 im a hell of a smoker and a bit of a drinker
 we smoke more dope than a lil bit  niggaz call me ignorant  females say they love the young 
 lol i dont usually smoke round non smokers unless theyre in my area  
 all of the chain smokers songs sound similar. but i like them all so im not complaining
  when u aint smoke all day and finally get some gas   
 @roblanaya happy birthday bruh hope you have a good one  smoke some.
 n. korea has tons of chemical. amp nerve agents testing rockets and trump is going after illigeals and pot smokers seem wise proportionate
 @cannon23 says a pot smoker.
 blowing weed clouds directly over the fence and into my neighbors backyard.
 @happeningnow especially like in colorado  where atms dispensing welfare funds as cash are located in the stores selling the marijuana.
 you dont have to sacrifice the flowers for the weeds  smart moderation is within reach  ai communitymoderation
 i have 6 meetings today but with people that smoke big pot so ill be home by 8 and asleep by 10 we call this double dipping or thriving
 would you smoke with this guy weed marijuana 420 losangeles tgif fridayfeeling 
 would you smoke with this guy weed marijuana 420 losangeles tgif fridayfeeling @rawlife247 
 girls night last night was sooooo fun tho tons of weed  snacks  talking  and nail painting  girltime4ever
 @jdf0325 it means @vp is blowing smoke up everyones collective butt and has no sense of shame.
 super fucked up  but theres clearly fire in the russia smoke. i guess its not a conspiracy if you do it in the op 
 who would have ever thought my dad would be on barstool smokeshows insta page ballin
 eric drove my truck to the gas station  had to smoke and cig and leave the window down of course and now my fucking seat is soaking wet 
 my mind seemed to fill with a stifling smoke. this terrible eclipse lasted only a moment  when 
 thats what happens when the weed is to fire  when you a ganja grimlen.
 love when i ask for money to drive someone somewhere and they say ill smoke you out. like ok  blow it in my gas tank and see how far we get
 moses split the red sea.. i split the backwoods an pack em w mad weed
 you damn smoker 
 girls who smoke are gross.
 and that includes cigarette smokers  your cigarette butts are still disgusting garbage that you need to properly dispose of
 so happy i got to smoke a few blunts in this beautiful weather 
 watching catfish and the big girl freaked the poor guy out  and shes a smoker
 women weed and weather
 need weed and near 15 hoover hmu
 @vanityfair @vfhive after they jail all the violent protesters and rec pot smokers they will bring back the chain ganginstant free labor
 the moment youve waiting for herbavore smoke n eats presents open poetry night  
 phil jackson must have the dopest weed no worries up in the clouds @ajisthereal
 because pot smokers in dc are such a threat to the countrys safety and wellbeing. 
 if i tell you im tryna smoke amp youre response is  whats wrong with being sober then i cant fwu
 all i smoke is gas
 just had a very lengthy conversation with a gas station clerk named wendy regarding her thoughts on weed laws. her source facebook.
 just push through the stuffy nose and the smokers cough 
 nothing like a good ride and smoke.... motorcyclelife 
 when its so good you smoke to the last draw come join us and relax with a great cigar cigarlife sogood 
 holy smokes thomas dillard. has that ball come down yet  @olemissbsb 
 @weedspost im made of metal damn it  need weed n love it more than ever ty
 @weedspost weed ssd has taken my pain to a diff level n most judge me jealous im happy ty darlin nice job u glowin
 this ratchet ass girl in here smoking on a ecigarette in class. damn near blowing smoke in the professors face jealous
 i love weed
 i jus smoke an rap nigha. 
 i love weed
 just shared a tearful goodbye with the kid who smokes weed on my stoop whenever its warm out
 customized smokeamotive for sale by the builder harold weathers. contact him at 4795087207. 
 just smoked a cig ampamp im def not a smoker. hm
 two more wheelbarrows of weeds today lpo  shop online for luxewildraw 
 i had a great time in sacramento today talking to black community leaders about social justice and cannabis policy.
 @mooiachirios @daryafightsback not much change in obama except he now smokes cigarettes with filters
 after i eat i would love to smoke 5 blunts lol
 wassup  and i smoke big gas 
 lakers getting smoked 
 @drewtaggart my friend has never heard you guys so when i brought up chainsmokers he was like what you smoke on chains you are to young
 i still feel accomplished for getting my brother to smoke the bowl with me
 minto jc smoker.  lobster amp steak fundraiser meal grillmaster 
 saying good bye is never easy  ty steve huntley for great private ganja tour. bluemahoetoursnegril 
 she say never smoke i turn her 2 a stoner 
 lighting stog after stog  choke on the  smoke  they tell me to quit  dont listen what im told
 if youre a smoker i detest you. unless youre my friend  in which case ill just razz ya a bit 
 @cingoblu69 just a guess... single  smoker  drinker  ex has custody  how am i doing so far
 real shit...obama style.   smoked and munchied...barry 
 free smoke in 8ball
 dabs look disgusting stop posting close up of your dabs just smoke it its gross it looks gross its not fucking appealing
 never trust a nigga that pat the back of his cigarettes before he smoke
 food for thought think of how happy the drug cartels are with the news on the us is getting stricter on marijuana laws.
 cigarette smokers 
 hmu if youre tryna smoke in carson  
 im not smoking so all the smoke in here is making my head hurt 
 if u smoke blacks youre disgusting period
 @theyologator i have no idea lol all weed looks the same to me tbh
 yooo fr tho tell me why this hair dye smell like dank weed whattttttt
 now im on the west coast east coast watching bad bitches smoke weed i knew id make it out the hood one day i do this for my team
 excellent smoke perdomo thelancerlife cigars botl sotl 
 its my baby birthday lotta smoke coming behind herbeen through it all togetherlove u @anaijahh 
 all these morons getting triggered over weed but will go drink...ill never understand
 i can listen to the delfonics  temptations  patti drew  marvalettes  smokey robinson  brenton wood  otis redding  the miracles  all day 
 @sensanders hopefully  the next  new miracle drug. will wonders never cease. end pot prohibition.  george washington smoked pot. opiate cure
 @realadamrose @fnnisreal @maddow. its possible i love you a little bit more. a revolutionary pot smoker in a manbund youve got the hair
 i wanna be myself of course but like @snoopdogg sit back smoke that sticky icky amp create inspiration 
 smoking weed listening to trance before my night shift
 @indigogold happy birthday my dude miss you man we def need to smoke soon
 yall i just smoked a shit ton but completely forgot i ate an entire fucking edible good bye im transcending
 fourth of all people have created the idea of relying on weed when they can simply rely on god
 i thought the indoor pool was such a good idea  right until i busted my ass and messed up my shoulder  dont drink  smoke  and swim kids.
 still smokein dis shyt
 last year i damn near smoked a range rover
 yall. one day me  @ashamurrell  @caammcombbss and @dsimba decided to smoke but at the time they were still young so
 every time i jam @wizkhalifa it reminds me of when i used to smoke dank. hella dank.
 the fact that weed turns me into a 45 year old halfkorean man is for you to think about and me to cry about
 i love photoshopped pictures of weed  ...said me  never...
 she drunk  so i end up going outside to smoke a cigarette. she comes outside too and sits down  amp we end up having a deep ass conversation.
 suck my fucking dick im going to smoke this gas drink  this tequila with labroix and finish these sadly poppy electronic rap records i do
 when someone you like offers their weed to you. 
 man my neighbor texted me asking if i wanted to smoke a blunt with him but im to lazy to get outta bed wtf smh
 this weed is called glueberry cheese
 finna smoke some good gass
 i love smoking weed 
 when my babes send me music to smoke to i know they love me.
 shes got that smokers cough which is typical of a smoker
 im the one you need by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 cold play and chain smokers lovvveeee
 the tracks of my tears by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 today would be s good day to smoke a blunt then ball
 @marycaitlinbyrd @senatortimscott except for immigration...and legalization of marijuana...and...
 i never bummed a ride though  i always gave gas money or weed for the weed heads
 only kinda weed men i deal with. 
 @timcurr41013255 @wedwarda @luckydbldd  lol. blowing smoke up are ass is all it was.
 when the blue smoke is seen rising from the washington monument you will know that a new chair has been elected. 
 @largo6583 what dorbs gingers smokey says happy caturday 
 selling weed aint trappin nigga u just ah sells person
 i smoked a bowl of this kush and got so lit  i love to wake and bake  favorite high of the day.
 hoya la amistad by aj fernandez  loving this smoke cigar cigars cigaraficionado 
 donald trump cares more about taking down weed smokers then richard pattison  what a farse
 you forgot and smoke you out  
 i love weed almost as much as i love trev
 i had a dream i smoked with jeff buckley and we talked about love amp life amp everything thats wrong with the world and now im sad i woke up
 of course i would wake up  and not have a voice  have a terrible migraine ampamp cough like a smoker 
 happy birthday to the man of my dreams ill smoke a cigarette in your honor. @conradloveless
 playing football on a marijuana field rt @phillytheboss nigga ate 3 edibles and no one knows where he is.
 today is my roommate dylans birthday. smoke em if you got em.
 cigarette smokers are disgusting. idc
 he loves the weed 
 now thats a smoker crushitlikequint haveagansett 
 going to tear out an old fence today. trying to decide what cigar to smoke while doing so. firstworldproblems
 wicked weed brewing can party ready to go   happy birthday to one of our regulars  sean  hell 
 some guy came in to dunkin today and suggested that we sell medicinal marijuana
 @porschefellerss @taytaymoon except for i chew atleast a pack a day. like an addicted smoker.
 cespedes smoked that ball like a cuban cigar
 also chugging andre and smoking weed
 happy 17th birthday to my best friend ... dont smoke out of strawberry again or ill disown you. i love you so muc 
 love me some weed 
 my 5 year old niece just told me i should marry smokey friends dog so we can have baby puppies. 
 line music @ b.t.s smokehouse 
 i remember the days when a chain smoker was just what we called kelsey when she was hammered
 i smoke dat gas everyday
 happy birthday to the best grandma i could have @ caya smokehouse grill 
 holy smokes theyre kissing
 this may make me move to nc. love getting to buy wicked weed.... tropicmost passionfruit gose 
 some little kid in the crowd had a 58 smoker jersey on.
 i love when i smoke out girls
 so ive decided to just stop buying weed here
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash on friday 
 me stop driving through pot holes edgar i dont drive thru pot holes i smoke them
 going to just smoke this loud be carefree and black  and bump the migos banger get right witcha 
 that is a smoker  
 lowes food in moorsville has a smoker out front 
 nobody in br with weed
 @kysportsradio now smokes voice is starting to squeak and oh god im getting old.
 the moment youve waiting for herbavore smoke n eats presents open poetry night  
 last smoke of my trip nowsmokin t52pig metime canilive cigarlife cigarlifestyle 
 5 for a pretzel dog holy smokes... no wonder stores are closing in this mall @ wetzels pretzels 
 i just love when my guys smoke meat yummy smokedpork smokedmeat 
 someone should tell bill walton no more weed when he calls basketball games lol
 today  we saw a home in which a packaday smoker and raging alcoholic died.  there was a line to see it.  house hunting is going great.
 ltmeohmygt at the end of the day its smokers that keep the hospitals running
 lorrie lit a cigarette and smiled and waved the smoke out of her face
 @khancats happy caturday friends im not too happy with my brofur smokey sticking his tail in my picture  
 i forgot to go to the smoke shop
 thinking of throwing a kb inside of ginas  come thru if youre cool. 10pm or something bring beer for yourselves unless you smoke gas 
 @beanthepharmer @adamheidrick @swctinfo @xwingdan best was guy a few months ago talking about his roomie having weed. may have incl ph .
 i love weed
 ball free smoke
 shes a tiny chain smoker.  @mikerolincik  on judy garland
 lil smokey  @ lower haight  san francisco 
 i always loved the very first bit of smoke that came off of my dads cigarettes right after lighting them. 
 wed probably all be rich af if we stopped buying weed and alcohol
 grandbaby time @ smoketree mhc llc 
 saturdayscreams jessie must chain smoke in rl. you guys think so
 why aint nobody talking about gonzagas 16 conference champs out of 17 years tho... jayhawk cock smokers lol
 atlfreestuff chair free gainesville great chair. no tears  animals or smoke. very very comfortable. please send 
 im so fucking happy  beer  xanz  amp weed
 i need me a woman that loves basketball and marijuana.
 @kylegibbons7 happy birthday brother smoke a fat for me
 and remember  kids dont smoke it will stunt your growth.  svengoolie godzillasrevenge 
 buying weed is always a weird experience
 that man smoke hilarious 
 with that being said guys im still at wildside smokeshop best glass in town find my link in my bio. i love sinners as god does.
 i hate weed men in carbondale
 if you gone have a smoke olympics put a rap smoker in that hoe
 guys  im witnessing in real time adults getting kicked out of a smoke room. this is awk
 happy birthday @darbyandrew two smokes lets go.
 i forgot how good weed was
 not subtweeting anyone except 4 every boy that slides in my dms instead of stalking  sending flowers  weed  candy amp asking me out properly.
 absolutely smoked in beer league. worst loss in team history  one dude quit on the spot..felt a little extra  i jus 
 smoking with @jakeagomes involves him not passing the weed in the circle and laughing like a 4 year old. not sure if it was funny  or sad.
 i love weed
 smoke break  smoke again  and chain smoker my top favorite songs by chance.
 the black sandbox gets the non smoker lady and windmills 
 weed. weed. gas 
 cute girl finally agreed to smoke with me so of course i wake up this morning with my period  god is fucked up
 finished jojos bizarre adventure series one. i would vote for smokey.
 start my day with a biscuit and a cigar full of weed 
 the one place where merica might do a better job smoke free hospital campus.  still individual hospital decision though sad tobaccofreenhs
 the press  small s truth  muslims lbgtq community using bathroom  refugee children mexicans woman pot smokers etc stufftrumpisafraidof
 who else trying to ride bikes and smoke blunts in downtown right now
 happy daytona day time to fire up the smokers and bbq pits and cheer for @dalejr to win the daytona500  @nascar daleyeah daytonaday
 @ruthluc00753805 @ryderisking @danig999 what have i said that was racist are you 9 or did too much weed stunt your development
 happy sunday funday everyone. todays agenda  eat  drink  and smoke cigars.... 
 @saucemontana lies  old flows  cigarette smokers voices 
 im not a pot smokers but i do think it should be legal. watch this 
 @thehournews scott frantz sen. l.. has no idea what hes talking about. also  its called cannabis not pot 
 you know spring has sprung when you start seeing skunk weed in @royalroads @ royal roads university 
 happy legalization to @emilyhawkinss  love you smoke some black n milds today  
 holy smokes... somebody just accepted my offer. im going to be a homeowner  
 daytona500 pork butt on the smoker. bbq daytonaday 
 sneezing with smoke in your lungs is never a good idea.
 by the way  smoker friends. choice brisket on sale at kroger.
 24 girls basketball teams head to san antonio for the uil final 4. 6 will be state champions when the smoke clears. shut up amp deal
 come smoke this gas with me anybody 
 good day... @ smoke on the water cigar bar 
 the guy @ warehouse live you can smoke in there  but you cant bring in a lighter.. the dude he was talking to 
 one weekend with me turned you into a cigarette smoker. one weekend 
 @dqllonweekes how dank is arizona weed jw
 guys who just love to smoke and have sex are ugly asf.
 @bplatt19 happy birffday son im tryna smoke a boag
 had to do a doubletake when i saw this card.   san francisco cannabis shops appear to be modeled on the apple stor 
 @goddesserotika @ceec01d005724d1 sexy hot and prob the sexiest smoker of all 
 happy birthday homie smoke a fatty for me @cosanostrajxy
 this song will always make me happy. wanna drive with the windows down sunroof open and smoke a huge cuban cigar wh 
 @rghahaha happy birthday rg smoke a doobie and touch a boobie
 @lvoodoost lighting up this holy smoker always used to remind me of myselflt3 i resonated with those lyrics  but im not smoking
 nobody in the h have weed 
 lol that was hilarious between smoke and gordon
 @businessinsider i promise its more benign weed smokers than alcohol drinkers. yet one is legal ....
 i really believe dump is the fake news and the real news is about his ties to russia. he is the one blowing smoke. 
 @hypercubexl i had no idea holy smokes 
 giving up all my vices for lent sugar  weed  casual sex  alcohol seems like a good idea in theory. pardon my bitchiness for the next 40.
 @universalorl i just watched @fifthharmony online for ur mardigras celebration and that smoke on stage is a terrible idea i cant see them
 so the lady throws the ball  and shes cheering her dog on. nala smokes this dog. the lady is baffled  she thought her dog was the fastest
 cause youre the cigarette and im a smoker.
 i dont smoke weed but i always end up talking to pot heads 
 @ryderisking @ruthluc00753805 @danig999 id love to the libs have nearly ruined us. lay off the weed  and you might have better judgment.
 we smoke hella gas the shit yall swear be gas be mid to us
 wi lawmakers are circulating a bill to legalize production of hemp  a form of cannabis that does not produce a high 
 growing like a weed.  marshbotanicalgarden yaleuniversity yale @ yale university 
 this has become a real problem but this is what happens when the cartels doesnt get money for cannabis. 
 i need a nice genuine goofy freak that likes to chill smoke and enjoy deep conversation
 @ash365 happy birthday pretty girl i would smoke you out if we was on campus 
 @bsooner75 ive never wrapped my pork butts. what kind of smoker did you go too
 skills   does cool smoke tricks not a vaper   ew  music god  praises drug use does not object  loves humanity  will do anything for you
 get on your grind  smoke some weed  spoil yourself  amp be happy.
 better chain smoker or chomp 
 happy birthday @morganbquiet   ill smoke you out andor buy you some shots the day of the concert lol.
 @cremechic11 yup. the number of young smokers is declining. 
 daytonaday ribs ready for the smoker 
 happy for smoke 
 @racindirt who is the smoker to the right of the camera  thought you may have had a .
 love love love that your team won smoke @tonystewart best of luck this season missyoubehindthewheel
 @davidhspencer happy birthday smokey
 are u a cigarette smoker cuz idk abt u but i love a good drag 
 me if i was able2 smoke weed wo having 5 separate panic attacks ampor staring blankly @ the wall rt @nicholaslperez @sailoremma emma stoner
 trc  gr8 songs i love sweetleaf  the lyrics speak of the love of a woman to me  more than of weed. but im a l 
 wait  shouldnt the weed be alive in sausage fest this movie is hilarious.
 4 the love of god just listen to me i am alive because of cannabis. sad i can provide medical records 4u. 
 can you do a campfire with smoke rising up and turning into a flamingo yep oakcity 
 so when a girl smoke for free yall just assume she fuckingsucking the dude  
 skin that smokewagon and see what happens
 dude  how much pot did shaggy smoke he thinks his dog is talking and he always is hungry.
 having a smoke and a read .. cubans cigarbar nyc  @ club macanudo 
 im at smoke time in san francisco  ca 
 lighting stog after stog  choke on the smoke  they tell me to quit  dont listen what im told  help me forget that this world is so cold 
 i dreamed of you speeding down the street. your face and your smile was the last thing i seen and then smoke.  wake up thank god your alive
 man im in love wit this weed
 man im in love wit this weed
 matt damon is still a smoke show
 oh yay  another night of rich people blowing smoke up their butts while we try to make 40 in work pools betting on who gets the most smoke
 anybody tryna take a drive to new haven for gas money and weed
 cigarettes and any one who smokes them are disgusting
 @dpradphotos lol youre disrespectful for blowing that smoke on the back of his head
 i smoke gas
 shitttttttttttttttt ton of weed 
 @fatjacksbbqblvd  hope those leads on your smokers....
 @boomboxcartel so yall play the 28th in san marcos  thats my birthday. can i smoke yall out or what
 my new toy.  damn smoke alarm is too sensitive. @ avalon baker ranch 
 @thescarlettoh your laugh is my favorite. 75 year old smoker.
 cmon  babe you no i move gas and smoke gas alll day
 move gas and smoke gas all day 
 i love weed
 i get to smoke some dank ass weed out here in cali thou
 @tampabo @parrishwalton @mantistoboggan5 @cbhsportsblog ill get weed delivered to me until the day i or may god strike me down somehow
 i love these long commercial breaks because you can smoke a full cigarette.
 im four vodka spritzers  two helpings of lasagna  countless munchies and no weed down. will this end soon oscars
 imagine falling in love with someone and then finding out they smoke cigarettes
 @danagee i have watched it twice and still gob smacked. dana  wanna go have a smoke
 sexual assault should absolutely be a career ruined.   i could be arrested for marijuana possession and my career would be over.
 i laughed with her smoked gas with her
 nobody hmu to smoke  not for weed nothing. thank you  goodnight.
 so nobody has weed huh
 as i rose and looked above the smoke  i saw that i was truly alone and i accepted that. so i wander the world experiencing its life.
 how ya weed men not prepared
 i wanted to take some landscapes today but the weather had other ideas snow @ weed  california 
 happy birthday to my big head hope u have a great day and smoke a huge joint   @imlilcloud
 keep your weed dank and your memes danker
 sister what do you want for your birthday me firewater and indian grass her not getting you weed for your birthday  me fun hater
 take a ride  smoke some weed   @babygutta voice 
 im the one you need by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 the smokers 
 @cernovich and legalize marijuana  a good bit of relaxation can do wonders for the psyche
 had a dream i let someone roll my weed and they fucked it up. never again
 my old weed mayne juss hit me  tryna spill tea
 fellow cigar smoker and vet has a facebook page of great daily stuff. check his page out  
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash this friday 
 happy birthday to my smoke of a mom golinda 
 except for weed  were cracking down on that shit 
 me i cant wait until i can smoke in my own house anywhere i want jake i thought you said shower jacob i thought you said choke
 at bci pastors retreat. @brandonbarker leading us to discuss immigration  marijuana laws  concealcarry  role of women in church. fun
 i think about my grandchildren.  growing up in a world where there is no second hand smoke.  a 
 add @themorrissf smoked duck to san franciscos list of signature dishes. great meal on 
 not a cigarette not a spliff not a blunt  good midget that smoke like big gas 
 outside sabatinos restaurant. talking with the smokers about my pair of 1892 is the main topic. 
 the moment youve waiting for herbavore smoke n eats presents open poetry night  
 how to gross out your vegan palz  101  leftover mirepoix  gluten  salt  beet powder  coconut oil  cayenne  smoked 
 so much good happening in the world of medicinal marijuana 
 real gas smokers dont do flavors 
 im a chain smoker.  
 young nigga smoke a whole lotta gas
 woman weed amp weather 
 we have that chain smoke cigarettes and talk about everything and nothing type of love
 nycatl to see my broads in atlanta  and to celebrate with this smokeshow of a birthday girl. 
 windows down musicup good weather not to mention good weed have a good friday yall stay safe
 i think he has visited one of colorados weed bars 
 softening penalties for people who medicate with weed and are cited is not logical. there should be no penalties  drug classes  or ticket.
 saw smokey and the bandit and look its daryls trailer on @twd 
 todays daily feature offers winter comfort bianca base with smoked gorgonzola  grana padano  
 @hankhugs @readsettlers im a smoker  im a joker  im a bad fear stoker
 @djsmokey666 rt my tweet above show coming march 18 toronto rare dj smokey set
 she said she never smoked  i turned her into a stoner
 @craigstelle @sarahpalinusa you have been smoking too much weed man. we want to drain the swamp which translates to getting rid of careerpol
 if you smoke cigarettes ill never have a bit of feelings for you .. shits disrespectfully disgusting
 good gosh. even got tears in my eyes. @iamsteveharvey ella is one talented young woman. holy smokes.
 happy birthday @mdtrey  im still tryin to smoke you in 2k
 of course i go out to  smoke and it starts raining
 happy birthday bb @trillestmatt  ill smoke one for ya 
 lol rt@xdemonican 1015k in gas  gifts  weed  food  amp bills. in 6 months. 
 she said she never smoked so i turned her into a stoner
 this weekend at stratton was something else. meeting strangers who smoke you down in the gondola and microdose  what a time to be alive. 
 love love aap my favorite project to smoke to
 do not smoke with @xbryannaaa  she always gas me to do some fool shit  
 my barber told me today he eats weed lik cereal
 @chriscoons so last week you were blowing smoke out your ass  a total fabrication of facts  youre a liberal hack  a slimeball
 marysol why is there so much smoke emily its the quarantine me that was me guys sorry  i vaped to much 
 im definitely the happy smoker  
 its amazing what good lighting can do to some dead weeds behind a shopping center 
 @timkaine agree he loves smoke  screen the issues
 @misslizzynj @leahr77 like smokey sang. the tears of a clown.
 @wildgirlkor where the weed at lol
 @wildgirlkor where the weed at lol
 boy  i just love colors. i mentioned smokin weed amp painting some day... in 2005... at ict... working for virgin mobile. oh  life  ur gr8.
 happy birthday to the late smokey snellbaker  born on this day in 1938 
 i dont smoke or anything but definitely worth the read guys so good much love wow amazing gaypride 
 happy birthday @iamdjdj   i miss our smoke sessions piscesfamily
 to smoke a pork butt or not
 i dont always smoke cigars  but when i do i look like a bad ass . . cigar cafeconleche 
 my weed so potent i forgot i had opponents.
 you love her  she loves weed
 me amp my bf were fighting amp his mom comes in trying to help amp she goes well i love u guys be happy smoke pot 
 somebody smoke with me gas on me. 
 women are making history in the cannabis industry  check out our latest article   women 
 @hannahmckee23 hannah how am i suppose to smoke signal you a dank meme
 when we plant weeds in a beautiful garden  it often tears of regret that water them.
 @realdonaldtrump holy smoke tremendous development  mr. president god love amp bless you  sir thanks for caring amp keeping your word 
 my head hurts from all this smoke
 guys... never smoke before you do squats
 @rebleber @davidcorndc taking credit for jobs announced previously in 2013 under obama. this is really a wizard of oz smoke amp mirror show.
 8ball   who trying to get smoked
 we have many good men and women to take the place of the older generation. they dont all smoke dope and live in th 
 this smoke right here is on point @ maduro cigars 
 i just want a loyal shawty i can spoil amp smoke with.
 just threw on the gun smoke laminxfilms headlight film. love it more things to come soon @ 
 unless its weed rt @wiintterk never assume loud is strong and weak is quite
 apparently i got to stoned last night and forgot where i put my weed pen. this happens every god dam day igotabackup mybackuphasabackup
 @faithgearnss yes it does i smoked a cig through my nose
 everybody always hates us smokers until someone needs a lighter for birthday candles or some shit
 now that i can smoke again  a @curivaricigars buenaventura is up. @ buckhead cigar 
 as someone with a degree in human development and two minors in youth development  this smoking weed while pregnant thing is very triggering
 happy birthday @dayysea   smoke up and have fun 
 where are you from  oregon  omg where are your birkenstocks hydroflask patagonia and good weed also do you 
 screaming happy birthday to smokey pantslove ya darlin@njkavanaugh22 
 a combination of allergies  and screaming at 12 year olds got me sounding like a 50 year old  4 packs a day  chain smoker
 never saw the bachelor before tonight but vanessa is smoke and needs to lose so i dont have to wait 6 months for them to get divorced
 god  do i love smoking weed
 happy birthday smokeyy hope youve had a great day bud @njkavanaugh22
 @marklevinshow do you  trump  bannon and limbaugh sit around smoking weed concocting these ridiculous theories or just bored old men wed
 can ya smoke amp ride with a playa like me amp you 
 my cold has me sounding like a 60 year old smoker
  ion smoke gee 
 kiya gets killed  dede falls off for 2 weeks i nominated three new plugs one guys weed is otherworldly one guy delivers who do i elect
 @thehappyhorror i watched the whole video and im not even that huge a smoker anymore. twas cool. love the zeppelin  of course. 
 for someone who doesnt smoke weed  i sure do listen to some stoner jams lol
 i love living in washington and having legal weed... but i cant get any of these pot shops to front me a sack
 cespedes smokes cigs inbetween innings what a savage
 san francisco is an amazing for fact it smell like fire weed everywhere
 san francisco is an amazing city for the fact is smell like fire weed everywhere
 allat fa a smoke sack. 
 need to smoke some gas 
 oh is it cool to smoke weed at the bus stops in chicago now wasnt sure  but now i understand.  can you not. gross. itsarespectissue
 if you smoke backwoods your ratchet
 if you smoke backwoods youre ratchet
 a little weed neva hurt nobody.. thats a fact
 girls think a dude smoking weed drinking amp laying around doing nothing but going 2 the studio 2 cheat is desirable u paying all the bills
  pokesmot pokes everyone to sleep ltjohntasaysgt ur nick somehow makes me keep thinkin of smoke pot lt@pyromangt ...
 i thought weed men were 247
 one in my family is cancelling at trip to israel if israel legalizes recreational marijuana. shrines should not have bystanders puffing pot.
 there is a chemical in weed called fuck it.
 golden girls amp my sailor moon coloring book amp weed.  squad
 i moved to oregon for two weeks just to experience recreational marijuana. god bless the liberals
 i honestly love fucking with shad when he smokes.
 @zeatlohh guy was trying to get his smoke on give him some slack
 they better smoke pot 
 smoking flakka youzza jackass all i smoke is gas
 @flyin18t smokeys chevelle 
 the only reason i would wanna be 21 still is so i can smoke maryjane .. other than that i would love to be 6 again 
 where there is smoke there is fire connecting the dots 2 obama administration spying frm their own leaking sources 
 dont hmu to smoke
 blunt smoke coming out my nose
 if yall havent noticed  i love talking about my girlfriend and weed 
 i was a smoker 
 is it weird that i find a woman that smokes cigarettes very unattractive  but if she smokes weed im in love with her. lol
 the transition to west coast smoker is not the only transition on folie.... we can talk about other ones too  ya know
 pot businesses  lawmakers  bureaucrats gather for marijuana policy conference 
 everyone gets to smoke during the arsonists except me and jill and thats not the feminismi fightfor
 my head hurts so bad but i waited too long to smoke   happy tuesday
 i miss smokeys
 girls who smokes backwoods 
 ion smoke weed bo 
 @gwenda a post about all this i know you wrote one before but now with this asinine proposal i dont think this is in the weeds at all.
 happy birthday to my nigga @quepasawindow tho. smoke up tonight
 @daviannabell happy birthday smoke up
 i smoke a lotta gas.
 join us tomorrow for a unique learning experience  will be doing a blending seminar amp you smoke a cigar with 4 wrap 
 i understand where the smell of smoke is coming from but the fact that i dreamt that hobbs was engulfed in flames is still kinda weird
 of course he does freekin smoke screen  
 ihop really done fucked up for weed smokers like me 
 @mags0908 yay so few people smoke now amp so great not to smell it anymore. my dad smoked cigars  bleh
 ha dermal filler to emphasize vermilion border of the lips and decrease smokers lines. no more 
 i love hanging out with my aunts friend who grows weed because shes the chillest lady ever and you know all her jewelry is real gold
 @mags0908 love the smell of fancy pipe tobacco tho  good thing women dont smoke pipes
 @lebatardshow holy smokes that fake howard is hilarious icoachedatlouisville
 need some smoke in providence wasup .
 my dog smokes cigars lol 
 my guy johnnybebadd25 hartzfam tattoo extroidinaire dope legend bjj dank we smoked a lot 
 i need a 21 year old to buy me weed please
 believe it or not  that red ball is the sun thats how it looked this morning in san angelo with the smoke from p 
 i guess the weed mans taking the day off godamn
 yes  if allowed  weeds will grow and often choke out their host. 
 yooo @alienation117 y @lindalindylinnn coming at our old apartment amp how our smoke detector used to go off for no reason 
 birthday on the 16 yall i love money and weed thank you.
 @taelorthompson probably have the weedbirkenstocks stashed in the bag
 todays daily feature is pomodoro base with grana padano  smoked gorgonzola  diced bacon  
 theres a thing you may not know about me joe rogan.... i smoke rocks
 smokin on weed where the dank
 who got some sheets  whoever got some sheets can smoke with me 
 messed around and got attached to ya  smoked a blunt and forgot about ya
 idc who you are  youre gross as hell if you smoke boags
 i used to drive to a smoke shop on mill ave to buy tickets to raves back in high school goodolddays
 i ate twice today and thats a big deal for me go me i deserve some weed
 im a smoker  fredo a drinker
 this thread is fantastic. also @geniusree i own a grill and a smoker and can operate both like a pro. 
 @letty blowing smoke
 @jayrosennyu water will be carried by underlings tooting the tale of the day until the next blow up of tweet smoke upon sanitys tolerance.
 we get it  you fucked the squad for weed.
 @unclemax313 i smoked a cigar once at a spa the idea was to be healthy amp exercise we ended up in the bar smoking cigars drinking sambuca 
 @smookymargielaa talking about gas in my snapchat dms i got the big smoke come shop
 @unclemax313 we will have to cigar smoke some day .. peace pipe
 ion do nothing to nobody  i just smoke my weed and mind my business but i see imma have to revert back to the old me.
 im happy now that smoke a full joint 
 you not a smoker if you buying grams at a time sorrynotsorry
 happy birthday lil ugly smoke a sweeta for me @ogdreadhead 
 when you find out the college in windsor has smokes poutine but the university doesnt.... what exactly am i paying for
 25 years ago chaffez had to have been that incredibly annoying kid in high school. the one who ratted out the weed smokers. tytlive
 omg just took a hit with a mint in my mouth amp chocked on it amp the smoke when i inhaled hurt so bad
 happy face dance  smile alot  and smoke weed legalizeit stoner canna  potpocket  freetheweed 
 rotflmao . yeah. he be blowing smoke these days  just like the real snoop 
 @veronikacloutie if you say smoke out i cant trust u
 i need to not be a chain smoker
 gwbcc amp wb henry ford hospital sponsor informative panel discussion on harmful effects of marijuana. become informe 
 i almost forgot how good weed is
 welcome @drewtaggart  love your music and glad youre following us. you rock chain smoker
 i just got 2 free hempfest tickets 
 love my job  lakeview lakevieweast teamlakeview proud happy @ old crow smokehouse 
 best thing now is to go smoke this backwoods
 things you ought to know regarding custom smokers for sale 
 for my vegans @ smoker world 
 and then smoke black like some real niggaz 
 women weed and weather
 if i give u gas money and some to smoke on can we drive to galvy hahaha
 you the cigarette and im the smoker
 what do you do when you are an old smokestack that no longer smokes out with the old in with the new. 
 @richbadd im a occasionally smoker
 so happy im gonna start working again so i can pay my car  spoil myself and my bf and smoke all the time like i use to 
 i love smoking weed in nature its my favorite 
 california regulators worry theyre not prepared for energyuse surge from legal marijuana growing  @greentechmedia
 watching @dsmooove amp all i could say is he a smoker 
 when we plant weeds in a beautiful garden  it is often tears of regret that water them
 late night cigars at tp  quesada reserva oscuro tasty smoke  great company  latenightcigars 
 i used a @cigneutron trick from season 7 with bigtunas cigar  amp attached tube so translucent powder could shoot out of the smoke stacks
 chain smoker 
 glad im not a weed smoker anymore
 who tryna smoke this gas
 did you get the dank by jt and 4tay is just one of those classic smoker songs
 when you have a personality of a stoner  but dont smoke  
 fucking same then im making you choke on my smoke  
 i think closer by the chain smokers is the worst song ever ever made it sucks heres a real song@connorpenny99
 i think we call it getting high because weed makes us feel happy and uplifted 
 never ever smoke 3 backwoods. 
 if i was a smoker  i would need a blunt rn.
 when you smoke cigars in your hotel because you can milesofcigars 
 yall be flexing with a couple hundred dollars lol and your blunts crinkle when you smoke them
 how many people who watch and love bob ross also love weed lol most
 @colbertlateshow  trump keeps trying to call obama  sent up a smoke signal  a batman side amp all gets is the  you have dialed has changed
 im constantly getting smoke in my eye
 my fucking weed   i be needing my fix. 
 definitely smoke. shit im high rn. but love my henny and tequila 
 a newspaper rack in san francisco notice the advertising and yes that is pictures of marijuana 
 blowing smoke and bumping outkast
 whelllllll... did they smoke it yet.. i wanna know what happens 
 shop around by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 i love weed
 when i smoke all my worries vanish for a good amount of time
 if you could smoke with anyone in the world that you know right now dead or alive whod it be
 holy smokes youre 18 happy birthday shelbs  ily more than u love peach rings badandboohe 
 id like to think i came up wit some stoner shit . but apparently im wasting weed 
 .@jenniferjohns at oakmtg  supporting @desleyb cannabis equity program  speaking on the loss to cmty amp women when black men are in jail. 
 .@jenniferjohns at oakmtg  supporting @desleyb cannabis equity program  speaking on the loss to cmty amp women when 
 cigarette smoker fiona by arctic monkeys is nowplaying in devils advocate  minneapolis.
 @lucdaniels16 @complex @willhatem sorry butt i am not taking no weed up the ass
 @mpdezines17 @johnnyking663 i have no idea who that is...   except some nut...hard to ck ea out wit the  followers i have  i weed them out
 global mass mind control hegelian dialectic  problem  pot  reaction  reefer madness  solution  police state  jd  
 @realdonaldtrump ok 30 years ago. yeah judge a man for what he said. you dems wanted bill the monica cigar smoker. he did. yeah ok
 @dtrumpexposed @realdonaldtrump no you dont just smoke a monica cigar and see
 @ejoelwatts @realdonaldtrump yeah cause hes more a cigar smoker monica cigars.
 slandering weed smokers all day
 yall must think weed men dont sleep 
 got one foot on the gas its never a need for brakes smoke ezwiders with hash fuck bitches from outta state
 you a real smoker if you buy boxes 
 @knxwledge happy b day my guy . smoke good. eat good. live good
 i always bump that shit when i smoke lol
 .@speakerryan blowing smoke in a press conference on the gop ahca. has his talking points down. ive been working 
 women  this is what happens when u smoke weed while pregnant 
 kelse can have an attitude all day but as soon as she smoke or we have sex she be all happy and shit lol
 i aint  nobody wanted to link up and smoke  
 we all need gas masks to see through wh smoke.  resist to keep from needing real ones. 
 i just smoke 7 grams in 3 backwoods
 university of colorado pretty neat fun fact did u know you could purchase retail cannabis if your 21 amp above  amp its could be a dui lol
 happy smoker  happy customer satisfy your craving bbq blackberry wings brisket blackmarketribs ribs 
 .@clarkcountynv commissioners are convened to select 12 members for their new marijuana advisory panel. rjnow
 no public comment at the start of meeting to choose members of recreational marijuana advisory panel. rjnow
 @dopeboyfreshh happy birthday to one original nigga  lol pull down on me ill smoke somn
 were very pleased to welcome our new editor  alex pasquariello  to the cannabist 
 dont smoke cigarettes unless youre a scoria kids 39. leon 
 im so happy i got my car so i can actually cruise around and smoke a boge 
 im a smoker  im a joker  im a big airplane steves miller
 smoke weed and be happy you guys.
 just be getting picked up to smoke not even practicing or nothing.
 debating on my smokers club ticket or my prom ticket 
 dfw cigar smokers tonight join us for cigarfriends in arlington at the reserve cigar lounge 306 
 @nee1k experience im single tho anybody can smoke lol
 pay close attention to what theyre doing  and not to what they say nor to the smoke screen distractions they toss 
 pay close attention to what theyre doing  and not to what they say nor to the smoke screen distractions they toss 
 pay close attention to what theyre doing  and not to what they say nor to the smoke screen distractions they toss 
 its so windy in detroit right now im getting smoked in the face with actual rocks. stayinside itssowindyinthed
 bitch want to smoke up all my weed so i rolled up that moon rock and she went straight to 
 tt closed guard sub chain corebjj w brent weedman  video   louisville bjj jiujitsu 
 honestly just want someone to fall in love with me but loves weed more then me 
 where is all this smoke coming from
 todays daily feature is pomodoro base with grana padano  smoked gorgonzola  rro  topped with 
 i gotta start buyin shyt to smoke by the zip cause dis shyt gettin outta hand
 i just deadass was having a convo with this granny at a smoke shop lmao i love it
 just found a commercial real estate analyst internship for the cannabis industry. its really happening hahaha
 these women blazed trails... and ganja.  via @portlandmercury culture womensday happywomensday womensday2017
 @clintonmurphy2 lol i hope they have better things to do then watch a sick 20 year old smoke some pot lmaooo
 i checked out of this lecture like 20 mins ago but we started by talking about israel now were talking about weed legalization wat i miss
 so they can sit on there asses and ticket kids for a gram of weed. these mfs cant  even stop any actual crimes tht happens here.
 i neeeeeeeeeeeed love  i neeeeeeeeeeeed weed
 that episode of trailer park boys with the hash coins is so true i cant remember not paying the verizon bill with weed
 beautiful cavani absolutely smokes one into the back of the net. paris saint germain up 53 in the 60th and all is right in the world
 6 songs on the way straight gas for culture   i want the rage   hit them licks   smoke gas  while you listen to it
 straight up saw a dude buy a big ass bag of weed at a gas station in plain daylight lol i love terre haute
 gunt gone crazy yall kum get yall favorite smoker mane 
 @hallofjames im pissed about barcelona wining. my tickets to the cannabis cup there will be expensive as f
 orbit friday dm weedallstarllc for more info. @ shift change 
 9 the smoke stacks are back 81...  
 hmu if ur tryna smoke
 @iamkay lol im just tryna help a civilian ...but gas stations or smoke shops
 beauty of a day training outside but nobody and i mean nobody should have to run by a company party with a bbq smoker and a slight breeze
 @potus womans day organizer smokescreen for crooked hillary obama operatives abuse not support womans rights
 that smoke regular black and milds 
 yo who is weedy.bongzalez on insta i need to know    who r u
 @wmbo @repadamschiff so while investigators are chasing the smoke trump blowing up peoples asses. no one is watching the store
 when i smoke and jam my tunes i get the  ideas
 me amp my roommate really argue about who smoke the most gas .
 at the womens march  a line of cops ride by on bikes  mom yells hide the weed
 i cant smoke backwoods everyday... shit be having my stomach fucked up 
 my smoker cover decided to fly away 
 @ezraklein @mattyglesias @sarahkliff @voxdotcom this is the weeds weve been waiting for thats a curious design choice... achoo aca
 happy birthday to one of the nicest and funniest friend of mine21dont smoke any layups today @solidmel
 @jacindahopelee @livinmytruth the argument can be made that smokers shldnt get lung disease trtmnt pd for  or drinkers liver disease trtmnt.
 on stage with @dillonfrancis and a dude who smokes chains @thechainsmokers @drewtaggart 
 patience young grass smoker
 i smoke dat gas everyday
 say it louder for the heavy drinkers amp smokers in the back 
 lol we was in the denver we smoked a whole box of dutch masters
 @toofab @fullfrontalsamb hey ammonia hole ammonia whole ammonia hall omonia hole ammonia hole. go drink a cup of gasoline then smoke a butt
 first bbq field trip to buckingham smokehouse it has been ranked best in como for the past 10 years highly recomm 
 or smoke big blunts on the daily but constantly begging for swipes into the cafe. this tea is hot 
 yall newbie smokers got it good yall got da low ball prices lol
 if you use the drivethru window at a gas station for beer or smokes and youre not handicapped i automatically hate you lazy p.o.s.
 thats not marijuana anu  @leodicaprio  yes you look regular.... you feel regular yet mentalcase thank you  i kn 
 nobody want smoke in the imessage basketball 
 shop around by smokey robinson and the miracles is nowplaying in veras on the drive  vancouver.
 gold water of life oak barrels and peat moss smoke the tears of a god  whiskey haiku
 praying nobody got hurt in the fire in town. can see the smoke from my house 
 yall see that smoke moving lol  
 still is in philly rt @pinksostuckup remember when high grade weed was called exos or exotics lmao
 i love smoking weed. its keeps me clam amp at peace
 business idea once weed is legal  drive stoners around to get mcdoubles  doritos  etc. call it doobie cruise.
 @fleemarketmatt happy birthday buddy. hope you have a good one homieeeeeee smoke some 
 i love getting weed delivered 
 ill smoke backwoods but i wont roll them and if i had a choice  i wouldnt smoke them at all
 i be smokin weed on the daily i be makin money on the daily
 @jeffsessions @senschumer @cnn  where theres smoke theres fire  30 years at gitmo for barry soetoro aka obama. 
 okay  yes music is subjective but can we please all agree that the chain smokers are shit
 so i need to just smoke a shit ton honestly.
 its fine bc me and lez went to the gas station and some very sketchy people came up to us asking if we wanted to smoke. he had no teeth.
 you sucka ass niggas still letting women smoke all yall weed for the feee
 really tired of pot smoking morons claiming that pot smokers are in prison  4 of americas prisoners are in for p 
 happy birthday mike can your boy get an invite for your infamous smoke fest also a happy anniversary to you amp @astridcolleen @druptown
 all this weed amp nobody to smoke it with 
 happy bday buckass @micheletti01 roll one smoke some
 to the punk ass juniors who come to see my 13 year old neighbor  smoke her up  and bump your bass in my neighborhood im slashing your tires
 i love smoking weed and getting fly 
 @sammyaffermusic amp thats why the real  connects with the strongest energy of music. when you wanna smoke out of a crack pipe all night you
 the biggest problem with mad men is that i always want to smoke while watching it
 happy international womens day just teamed up to ask a creepy dude to leave a woman alone to smoke her cigarette in peace 
 i been smoking weed since i was like 14 i know what real gas is and what ok gas is  yall shit be 87 unleaded i cant do dat no more
 @theplumeroom thankyou. i smoked over 40 years. i failed at quitting over and over until i tried ecigs vapingsavedmylife
 i love girls who smoke weed
 rap good smoke backwoods
 my brothers always wanna smoke backwoods 
 happy birthday my boy @renevasquez25  hope you had a chill ass day  and a turnt ass night full of bitches money and weed 
 @georgethepoet is lit i cant wait to be rich enough to call him to my house so we can smoke some illegal cubans
 finally got some weed and im so happy  
 couldnt sleep. smoked pot. cant sleep. smoked more pot. now just really stoned and frustrated there isnt a mcmuffin readily available.
 no rt @onision do you smoke weed
 my weed lasted 2 weeks. wow im so grown up now
 finna smoke good gass my dawg @hunnudbandjuug
 my parents are coming to jamaica and im def about to have them smoke weed 
 its nationalmeatballday and youll love them smoked on a primogrill 
 tonight mwa presents aroma thursdays @ eden dc ...... pull up smoke your gas  drink good and 
 15 of the most powerful women in the weed industry @complexmaglife 
 @dsstinyyamber happy birthday girl have a good one smoke one for me 
 who want smoke in the iphone basketball 
 who tf thought it was a good idea to start weed wacking and leaf blowing at 8 in the fucking morning fuck you
 they forgot smoking weed 
 just a moonlight soaked  ring of smoke right hand on a cold one confession
 no idea where susana martinez thought she could find more money  our economy plateaued and will stay that way unless weed is legalized
 happy born day smoke dawg  @lahcj
 the panthers are getting smoked in fa.
 ooo baby baby x smokey robinson amp the miracles
 if youre going to smoke before you fly please take a shower after. stop coming on the plain smelling homeless 
 yup rt @ninobrownskin niggas in the 90s very rarely sold weed lol
 just a peek at our @certangusbeef house made pastrami coming out of the smoker beautiful stuff 
 okay but literally all we did was smoke together twice. last year. what ... is .... life. menarethefuckweird 
 in 2017  there are still people who think enforcing nonviolent marijuana offences is a good idea. what a waste.  
 @jmijares3 happy birthday  smoke some dank for me today 
 rt if u smoke 
 cigarette smokers  would you quit smoking for your significant other
 back home on @cbcradio world this hour @angmacivorcbc halifax taxi assault follow @nataliekalata cannabis culture raidsarrests 13
 have to smoke weed and play east coast shit all day  but thats always
 beautiful day to smoke some gassss 
 @shirenation how much wed do you think dante smokes
 always a beautiful day 2 smoke 
 one of the few signs today outside cannabis culture in vancouver 
 crowd begins to rally against vancouver police for a moment at cannabis culture raid. @bcitnews 
 two protesters sit in front of vancouver police at cannabis culture. @bcitnews 
 2016 was a great year of learning and growth for me and 2017 has been a weeding out process. and 
 i have hydrocodein cough syrup. hannah hasnt smoked in 5 days. were talking about benedict arnold 
 people smoke marijuana in protest to cannabis culture raid in vancouver. @bcitnews 
 @steezyremi happy birthday  have the best day ever  smoke up so00n
 i feel like a manic depressive bipolar person without marijuana but im not stopping 
 @lilmorgo  you smoke on the regular now 
 get you a friend who buys your ticket for a rave  alcohol  amp weed for your birthday
 you can never have too much smoked gorgonzola. our daily feature is crema base with grana 
 non smokers hi how are you smokers high how are you
 were talking cannabis in mdwaysandmeans 
 mwa presents aroma thursdays @ eden dc ...... pull up smoke your gas  drink good and network 
 @stormcoker no. thats just smoke. i talked myself out of chasing that area today
 need more down people in my life  if you smoke and bike  holla
 my residents just said theyll smoke me out after finals  if that isnt love and a violation....
 grandma likes weed socks 
 gas what i smoke
 .@kirktousaw says no arrests made in vancouver  just search warrant executed of cannabis culture store on e. hastings
 reefermadness continues.. police raid cannabis culture shops across canada  arrest of prince amp princess of pot  
 @abelladanger amp these are the reasons why im happy to be back in la.... tocos amp smoke  i wana come
 i love getting cigarette smoke blown in my face seriously. please do it again. 
 only the pot smokers will survive
 so they decided to raid weed stores in canada when theyre legalizing it by next year.
 i would much rather be next to someone smoking cannabis than cigars...were just talking abt smoke. @thetraveljoint ceo. nvleg
 i wish my lungs werent that of a 87 year old woman who has smoked a pack a day for the last 66 years.  byebyebeachbod
 so nobody trynna smoke wit the kid
 i smoke dat gas everyday
 eyes low always on my smokee robinson tip  
 ill never understand why people smoke or sell midgrade. 
 i got my weed grinder off groupon   @sermstyle  this is peak la people...peak.
 the white smoke is called steam.
 theon reefer feeling it  but saint marys needs to keep everyone in  offence present. @ryersonrams up just 3933 in the final 25 of half.
 came here for tacos...and now im surrounded by old men who dont understand that cigarette smoke cant be covered up by cologne. hometown
 came here for tacos...and now im surrounded by old men who dont understand that cigarette smoke cant be covered up by cologne. hometown
 came here for tacos...and now im surrounded by old men who dont understand that cigarette smoke cant be covered up by cologne. hometown
 its a smoke screen   martha will never allow it. 
 ok any ideas on sneaking weed on the airplane
 i love the stoner community weed community whatever u wanna call it  everyone is so down amp chill
 midnight closing time for denver marijuana shops new council proposal floats idea  
 smoking weed is apart of my job description.
 happy birthday to my friend smokey143 thanks for being born amp fixing my necklace whenever 
 bless marijuana i finally understand this fucking math shit
 @gnshvll that smoke coming out of there or a dementor
 ya mcm smoke huff outta choc
