 @citybarbeque where all the worlds problems disappear in a haze of bbq smoke and banana pudding. 
 i needa smoke what you be smokin 
 drink for the feeling  smoke for the healing
 wish i had some fun girls to chill amp smoke with 
 crichton weed is the best weed i then had.
 crazy i became coo with all my friends bc of weed and ion even smoke nomore
 somebody smoke with me.
 you cant smoke with my click  we smoke os in the whip.
 mad i cant smoke cause thats the only thing that keep me level headed when im going thru shit 
 @snoopdogg you a funny as mothafucka aside from tha rap and weed i mean shit constant quality funny sheet
 ian smoked all day but i am smoking on this black and mild tho
 wanting to smoke but knowing i shouldnt ltltlt
 i am a graveyard of old bones and bad decisions. scattered tombstones  overgrown weeds and dying trees in the city 
 i dont really be wanting to match . i prefer to smoke alone
 i love nyquil when it knocks you out just like weed shelby   
 i got you what i smoke idk what you smoke  adri you know i dont smoke menthollllllll y u do this to me 
 who want smoke gang  
 its funny cus i would only ever let myself smoke on the weekends now i smoke everyday lol
 jimobos thejuiceisloose guildguitars robbiegoldmusic livemusic event @ joes on weed st. 
 im bad i just smoke in my house w out a care in da world
 im trying my best not to smoke but...
 she only smokes when she drinks  she only drinks now and then 
 i keep smellin weed... but i dont have weed...
 come on  cant yall smoke a peace pipe.  stop scalping at every opportunity. 
 eric church sang smoke a little smoke and meanwhile someone in our section no kidding lit a blunt and the whole place smells oms
 i just want a guy that i can smoke n chill with  be my homie and my baby
 legit cant stand being around my dad bc cigarettes are legit so fucking disgusting and thats all he smokes and smells like 
 bored  lets smoke and converse
 @pontifex spirit of christ jesus seem below yu and it iz a volcano the spirit when it shoot out large tal smoke the spirit sath there
 could be a lot of laird for me after everyone got smoked last week on the party man.... he likes pho
 always have my pretty girl drink and my weed beside me
 waiting on my home girl angela to come over just gon chill  smoke an write music
 @yungkend you a whole goofy outhea you had to show everybody you smoke in yo avi. duck ass  quacking ass nigga
 let the weed burn over cold dranks
 could rampant opioid abuse be solved with ... more weed 
 my best smoke memories are smokin blunts wit my granny she funny asf
 im hungry and i want to be high   teleport weed sos
 i needa smoke
 got weed but no one to chill with 
 dawg find me weed
 i hate when people stereotype me by saying i smoke weed just bc im black and have dreads like cmon bruh
 smoking on that gasoline because i cant find my weed  33 savage
 anyone smoke oregano around here asking for a friend d
 i really enjoy smoking weed lol
 my friends would have cussed me out wasting this weed lol 
 man.... i cant live my life without weed... honestly  truly
 i need chick friends to smoke wit
 cali weed really the best
 my roommates dog ate our weed roach and he is like being super weird and cant walk and jumps when ever we try to pet him .kinda funny
 still cant believe we had to throw our weed out tho 
 come smoke one 
 bouto smoke 
 i dont smoke. please stop asking me to smoke with you 
 some girls tweet like they smoke black and miles and drink 40s
 food weed drinks food who knows
 i need a drink and a smoke.
 i dont even smoke  but based on the contact from the @williesreserve launch at @exileboutique  its some potent is 
 like look  she even would smoke me out and hold the blunt to my mouth while she did my lashes lol 
 hand painted  hand cut  for all you sinners  smokers  jokers  midnight tokers  love gangsters  
 girls that smoke cigarettes got dry pussies man who asked not be quoted
 i dont needa smoke to feel positive  i dont needa trip to get in sync w myself and the earth
 now everybody wanna be omd . if my weedman 3.5s make me 5 blunts  thats me  everybody shit different . stop dick riding
 all we do is smoke amp fuck around  easiest amp best relationship ive ever had  he literally tops everything else wo 
 another awkward tweet sent only because all my friends smoke and i dont so i am sitting by myself hello
 just got off of work and everyone is gay asf and doesnt want to smoke 
 i want friends thatll go on long walks with me and do stupid shit.we dnt need money or anything jus weed n a strange place.smh yall boring
 @sirridleyscott where i hide with my ssi disibility ribz iz fear i lie to get a check it the smoke the fear to come out from it
 im literally hold my breath whos this mf smokes  ima pass out lmaoo
 where everybody at link up lets smoke 
 lmao smh cant smoke wit you  
 last weed tonight with @iamjohnoliver.  oneletterofftvshows @midnight
 yo real talk my dog is a burnout she love weed she come stand next to me and start scratching me with her paw cause she wants a hit lol
 people would rather seeing you get piss drunk at every college party but god forbid u smoke a joint w some friends and listen to some music
 wish i had some weed rn
 baby i cant quit that weed
 @cindienolin1 smokey mountain national park  pigeon forge  gatlinburg townsend  ware valley.....
 yall be real life smokers   smoking outta dutches  get you a wood fam .
 idk if i consume more cannabis or more coffee 
 once i try to pass you the weed and you busy chatting its over 150 steam team 
 what her best friend says happened when he woke up to a house full of smoke  on @kctv5 at 650
 i always have to find someone to smoke wit its annoying i start to smoke alone and save my weed lol
 need a girl who smokes good gas and listens to kol lmao
 one thing i cant stand are the people who smoke amp arent considerate enough to put it out move when kids a family w. kids is passing by.
 i be wanting new people to smoke with
 my grandma thinks im the devil because i smoke. honestly  hed most likely be chiller if he did. id hang with him .
 @thelaurenway i think ima smoke amp walk my dog but ill hold you to that
 is weed..
 is weed..
 i cant even smoke no more i just pissed hot on friday
 @jaustinbro got me wanting to smoke a wood this morning
 i know my therapist is gonna roast me for how much redacted i smoke 
 i love dabs so much but sometimes ya girl just wanna smoke a jay on my porch w my dog
 yall i really just found a baggie of weed on the ground in the park  idk what to do.
 i really dont smoke just to smoke. i smoke to keep me from spazzing on everything amp everybody. blowing trees is my remedy. 
 i dont smoke with everybody. somebody fuck around and start hallucinating and shit.
 @potus mr. president  i know your busy so ill make this quick. legalization of cannabis amp the taxes raised could solve the debt. its big 
 i just smoke woods  bitch im from tha hood
 did you and your weirdo friends have a marijuana party
 everything i own is covered with dog hair  makeup  and weed an autobiography
 i only smoke cigarettes so boys will be scared of me
 i need a song wit @currensyspitta and @coneblvd ...something i can smoke to
 got pulled and cop said he smelled something funny coming from my car. questioned me. said i only smoked cigs. thought i was done w tbh.
 me and my friends be real deal bouta fade then we smoke the negativity away
 friends dont let friends smoke cigarettes 
 come over after school  ill smoke you up
 everybody been asking me to smoke and i been cattn like a mf 
 hold that thought let me smoke
 if i come in class amp you smell weed  do not say it out loud you fuckin dummy 
 super bowl party at my house amp of course i dont drink or smoke anymore. ill get food wasted
 you can stand weed but you smoke cigarettes 
 to all growers  producers and processors you are the fabric of innovation in the cannabis industry. respect 
 i cant smoke 
 be having so much on my mind i cant help but to smoke weed only thing keep me calm
 count i hate being lied to. so tbh im not even sure how to feel like im not super pissed but idk....i need a drink and some weed rn
 stg i needa smoke
 im literally on some emo shit right now but idk what else to think ima just smoke so i could shut up now.
 man  i really enjoy weed and i enjoy vaping and eating it  no smoking
 @lukemance1 see thats why ur at the doctors  cause you cant smoke stayoutatrouble 
 the police should be embarrassed when they harass and raid people only to find weed. theirs real threats out here. weed isnt one lmao
 i smoke before i do anything.
 im smoking weed wherever i go.
 but i cant smoke 
 roll my weed daily and ill keep you around
 if you claim to be a smoker but dont inhale  please take a fat dab to the dome 
 sucka niggas cant smoke on this bud.
 @marcuslemonis @cnbc.  why marijuana businesses still cant get bank accounts  mar 22  2016  fdic not taking weed 
 i wish my parents would realize that behind the weed my best friend is a pretty great person.
 lol weed 
 you know what helps when youre high smoking weed  my high friend
 i need a friend to die w me as we smoke amp do homework rn
 my nail shop is right next the weed spot  so its always somebody outside slapping music...i hate that i usually know the songs 
 tryna smoke somebody out if not ima dome to the whole drizzy take care album
 idk why but i love the smell of cigarettes  cant smoke them bc asthma but damn  gives me euphoria.
 im addicted to weed
 dont irritate the smoke.
 cant stand smoking but the one thing i love about working with smokers is when they hang their jacket up over yours and then yours smells.
 who wanna come to my house in paterson and smoke w me 
 not being able to smoke is so boring
 real friends sit in the bathroom with you and smoke with you while you using the bathroom 
 live stream wit lil red come smoke with us. 
 whyd my dumb ass cousin who also my weed man pull up in a moving trucc talkin bout i like to keep things interesting my fuccin ass nigga
 if you like to drink and smoke come to my place   my fam and i stay lit 
 once yo parents find out you smoke they blame everything you done on weed
 need of a smoke rn
 everybody @lexizhane smoke cigarettes 
 @xotalyaxo lmaoo nah im tryna smoke the most potent shit of my life when i burn again for the first time
 when someone says they have a high tolerance to weed then spark u with a one hitter 
 i do not smoke with dudes .. especially here they love to say they got somebody high and fucked
 everyone except smokepurpp 
 @visionmmxv amp smoke station is raffling off this clean ass board  slide thru 1 ticket for 3  or 2 for 5 6401 wh 
 bready earthy saison  pineapple weed is whaaa some so... leaves of grass july 25  2016  photo
 lol if u got a problem with me driving my diesel come over and say to me and ill make sure ur fucking puffing on that black smoke bitch
 we litty again @ hempstead high school dubuque  iowa 
 i need to smoke like rn
 1. you see everybody else out free asf   turning up amp partying amp you just be tiredddd asf n cant drink   smoke   or party .
 sitting in garry marshalls booth. dinnerdate @ the smoke house restaurant 
 @mariaysabelm wavy but why we gotta smoke to hang  some dead cancel on you cus you say youre dry lol
 yall my dad legit told me to keep my hookah as a souvenir bc i cant smoke it inside the house im dead
 drugs  ya know its lit when ur cousin comes over just to give u free weed
 i just got hit on by this dude omggg he was hot but his first words to me were do you smoke pot dead
 how is it that im a girl who smokes weed everyday and its still close to impossible to find someone to smoke with 
 dumb kids with diesel trucks ruin it for us diesel guys. you probably dont even know why your truck is pouring out black smoke dumbass
 the feeling of getting weed after being dry forever gt
 lafisheria teaching us how to smoke up a meal culinarytruck thebiggame @ discovery green 
 man we just go to the skate park  skate  smoke  and chill. but yeah fuck bikers its very dangerous having them on the same park.
 dimitri gonna come in my house smellin like mad bud amp not even invite me to smoke wow
 i need a sugar daddy  but mostly for weed and food  ill get my own money
 niggas who smoke woods have the longest fingernails youll ever see
 i smoke more than i drink
 telling me youll smoke me up just so you can chill with me will never work because  i  d o n  t   s m o k e 
 how everybody out of weed 
 i needa smoke
 really made up a song about weed lmaoo
 friends to smoke with 
 hank  whyyyy do ya drank  hank  whyyyyy do you love smoke
 but really. congrats to my best friend elsie i love you so much. smoke weed forever.
 i believe that if a dog smokes weed  watches brad pitt films and humps stuffed animals then hell probably befriend @elijahwood wilfed
 i only smoke to @mexikodro
 @foxnews smokeproof  fireproof  bulletproof. no cage can hold milo.
 rn i need to smoke like 20 blunts maybe even 21
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  keep sharing the new wave
 @allnitechemist friends  weed  and a daily schedule to keep busy p
 if all you do is smoke  drink amp party dont be surprised when you cant keep a steady job.
 i really wish i had cannabis chick friends.
 i honestly want to smoke what youre smoking. that must be some gradea shit right there. 
 like why cant i find weed
 if you smoke weed  you cant legally buy guns 
 people only fwy when its time to smoke r do something negative
 @jordanahmeir ion see how yall like getting high. ctfuu weed is wet
 i cant stand the fact i smoke but it literally chills me the fuck out
 especially if you smoke but ill rather go in the bedroom. 
 @bailzbean @bethanyfaith yall come to my moms me amp lauren are trying to find weed on this side l
 @foxnews wow.. just crazy.. thought they were all about the environment.  look at that black smoke. hello.what happened to what u stand for
 i dont wanna try weed bc im scared of getting addicted
 when ppl r like i dont wanna try weed bc im scared of getting addicted 
 we really boutta smoke 8 blunts rn
 jarrod going around telling everybody that i smoked his blunt  like bye 
 somebody want to smoke w me 
 question for people who smoke  do you ever go a while without smoking then u can taste weed in ur mouth lol
 cant wait till i finally got my own place and i can smoke whenever i want and hotbox the whole damn house lol
 and im sooo close to getting her to smoke w me which is exciting in itself
 you know whats the best weed... its when im weed you
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  keep sharing this song
 i cant wait to have part 2s w all of our first 30guests on @likeitornot  random drunk powerful smoked out thought butter up the bread.
 who else hates running out of weed 
 i think cutting weed outta my life was a good choice  now i needa cut cigarettes off 2 even tho i hardly ever smoke them ...
 vibez weed song x bone thugs n harmony
 tbh i cant be with someone who smokes mad bud  dont find that shit attractive at all.
 chill girls that smoke are the best tbh good vibes
 chill out   smoke a blunt and figure that shit out ....
 somebody smoke with me lol
 who want that smoke im whooping ass and taking names imessage imessagegames ipool 
 just had the most chill cop  weed experience of my life
 my weed bank  aka my dad
 yall live for bitches and blunts. we live for weed and money  @isaiahrashad tde 02.01.17 
 wish i had some weed  food amp friends rn
 doing my best one pack of smokes  one bottle of bourbon  and one case a beer a day.... anna lil weed. 
 everyone goes through the  ill never smoke weed phase. hoe please youll be taking fatty rips before you can say bullshit.
 who tryin to smoke n chill
 @linmanuel  does this mean youll finally hang out with me at an all night coffee shop amp chain smoke..talk about emotions amp post punk
 ugh really matt you need to lay off the weed youre way to chill at the wrong time. 
 @tylxo me  my weed  my car
 @tylxo and smoke but im up for anything
 literally everyone in my family smokes i cant stand it.
 im out of weed for the 1st time in months amp i kind of want to cry bc i can barely get thru the day w out puking amp have 0 appetite w out it
 @roaddemocracy @stopnuclearwar @senjoemanchin @senbernie scifi contrasting nuclear  marijuana is free ebook 
 look its like canada and mexico combined wait... no thats weed.. 
 i wonder if the smoke smelled like jolly ranchers. taboofx 
 im the most concerned weedhead i even went to protest at jfk high so @frankoceansmom eat a dick
 my papa just said if i cant smoke in this damn rehab center then you cant smoke at all 
 i smoke to keep it mello  i drink to keep it mello.
 i show up to school for 3 minutes just to turn around and come to smokehouse lmao
 cannabis is like a forrest fire without destruction. when the smoke clears  you see the world differently  and you just cant beat the view.
 i bought this shit and cant even smoke rn 
 trumps america first rhetoric has me feeling like i just crash landed on an island with polar bears and smoke mo 
 yo whats up with everybody being jews with there weed... lets meet up n roll some jays fuck it
 cant be addicted to weed if you dont try to quit 
 thats the worst part about finding jobs smoking lol and all my friends smoke or other so they aint no help 
 @loudobbs @johnfromcranber the first action of violence happens the police should clear them out with smoke bombs or whatever needed
 what id do to be smokin the reefer rn.. 
 i hate people so much...  you find a way to buy weed but dont have a stable place to live. priorities my friend 
 ill just drive around today and smoke blunts alone bc no one likes me unless i do shit for them
 where is the niggas that smoke like i smoke  i cant never find nobody to match ssu 
 all these people are 1. too attractive to smoke 2. too attractive for retail. 
 @brightdelightt happy birthday shortiee  pocket more money than you decide to throw  and smoke 21 blunts and document it i challenge you
 covering a marijuana forum in oxnard. assesses possible impact of pot on communities. about 100 people here  many in government.
 head looking amess phone on 1 cant find my classes atp im ready to go home and smoke a blunt 
 were ex smokers  were vapers  but we have rights too  testimony on whether or not to allow vaping indoors. mtleg
 a friend with weed is a friend indeed.
 some girl at palms just asked me do you know anyone whos on deck wtree im like huh.. idk what that is  turns out its weed 
 someone i can laugh wit  smoke chill  vibe just a fun time. 
 i need somebody to smoke with me
 @hughhewitt you are so wrong about marijuana  asking for fed enforcement against legal businesses and citizens  tha 
 everybody chooses to smoke weed
 who want smoke in that imessage 
 that weed is mans best friend not dogs 
 i want somebody to smoke w rn
 i need new girl friends to smoke withhh 
 pulling out the zip tho come get the smokes 
 this next song is about something people in seattle like. marijuana. 
 when she smokes without you  
 wish i had friends around in elk co to come smoke w me
 i need friends who like to smoke weed and chill lmao
 how i verified but u prolly smoke mid willingly
 not saying i never smoked or ill never smoke but damn lol that shit aint something i casually do
 @hrag @cathylang72 not smoking anything maybe thats whats wrong with you your mind is in a cloud of mind altering smoke
 best student section hempstead best band west delaware best game valley vs north  iahsbkb lateweek awards
 i try so hard to not say anything when people come to carside and their car smells heavily of weed 
 aap whats the best thing about college  everyone  weed  thats how you know everyone lame here they aint never have weed 
 really just want a guy friend that i could smoke wit  chill wit amp bond wit amp probably fuck every now amp then.  nothin major.
 i can. she smokes 67 ounces a month alone. and i always hold it down for her.
 hey wanna hang out  lets smoke ok but im dry right now oh well maybe we can hang some other time   bitches 
 me tony hit the blunt tony nah i dont even smoke like that chris tony remember when we got high asf yesterday 
 yo i miss the days i could just have a getty in my crib at the drop of a hat. everyone would bum tru  drink  smoke and vibe.
 fresh out the showerwatching love and basketballjus finished eating some noodlesbout to smoke amp take it in tired been at work allday
 plot twist i have 0 hoes i dont party i just smoke weed and work and here and there go see a movie. im boring
 if i cant smoke when im ready to its a problem 
 really wish i had someone to smoke with in hollywood rn
 everybody smoke  with me for my birthday
 i cant wait for annie to come home so her  nina  and i could spoon and smoke a blunt and talk about all the lives we ruin.
 @hiitaylorblake @vicevicebaby your smile amp hair.. gorgeous. also your accent is adorable amp congrats on the free weed i stalked u a lil
 eat  smash  smoke  crash   @itsmehuggie
 everybody trynna smoke tonight haaaaaaaaaaaan
 why does julio gotta go to mexico now i gotta wait till he comes back to smoke since smoking alone is lame.
 @dumb557 youre a god damn smoke show and it made me angry.
 somebody come to my hotel and smoke me up. ill feed you.
 everybody smokes on snapchat now. idk how to feel about that
 we dont drink  nor smoke  norfolk @casanovapsu
 killian without his power  hot. killian with his powers  smoke show witchesofeastend
 when we got our first canadian apartment  the only possessions left by the old tenants were weed bags amp jason stathams transporter on dvd
 i just want someone so smoke with. being high myself is boring
 funna smoke my last blunt
 investigate.  where theres smoke....  keep digging 
 this lady keep asking me do you smoke or something
 cousin fenna come smoke me out
 yall idolize smokepurpp cant relate
 nights like these i wish had my bestie to smoke pot with lol
 strawberries n cream n weed b my champagne looking for a friend that been had
 drink weed. smoke tea.
 i just want someone to smoke me out tbh
 girls who smoke.
 if no pm  either tim tebow is competing wbrandon weedon  or elway is teaming dj williams w guy ne selected wden 
 the weed is rolled the drink is cold..
 want a female that will just stay at the crib with me and duck off just smoke and chill 
 every time i pick up somebody doing uber  they always ask do i got weed
 deregulate everything ppl can be in charge of their own health except marijuana that is pure evil amp must be outlawed 
 if a nigga cant smoke you out then you not the one.
 i need some weed rn 
 yikes tim smoke a blunt 
 ill smoke somebody out and throw gas buck if they can take me from tacoma to puyallup rn  hmu 
 a friend with weed is a friend indeed 
 wonder where the smokes i need a vicky 
 i love how supportive my friends r bc when i tell them i cant do something since im too poor they pay my cover  smoke me out or drink me out
 if you gone smoke a lot of weed  keep your lips on point  male or female. please. thank you.
 i only smoke blunts that are rolled proper
 any girl that smokes weed once 
 someone slide thru and smoke these blunts w us 
 i need to smoke but i dont have any weed because i rolled all my blunts yesterday when everybody else had a blunt left for themselves
 @naomicolorsare @huffingtonpost more like  where theres smoke  theres fire. too many russian stories emerging for there not to be a prob.
 i been feeling good until i come home amp dante got that smoke smell on him
 if you tryna smoke wit the kid you need at least 10 or jus come wit ya own shit and match...5 aint cutting it nomo my guy 
 i only smoke blunts if they rolled propa 
 somebody got dick amp weed congrats  
 cooking anything that requires hot  smoggy  rough  burning  odor causing smoke to arise  im not cooking it. bye
 ill drink until i cant walk or smoke until i cant see anything for sleep
 i can swear  i can joke i say whats on my mind if i drink  if i smoke i keep up with the guys
 someone is out of weed and extremely needs it rn 
 victor only tryna hang out when i have weed like boy 
 lmao faded asf drinking cannabis infused lemonade with bae  we couldnt pick one so we got it all  
 dad you got weed me no i have to go pick up  dad marijuana  me im my daddys son 
 im sore asf  so tomorrow ima just smoke a blunt and be chilling at that party nothing to wild
 @dudeitsjasmine i got caught smoking weed the week of that show  amp my mom didnt let me go.. i was soooo upset. 
 i can not stand cigarette smoke
 the woes of a marajuana smoker
 i had to turn off smokepurpps post notifs off for twitter last night   i could not sleep wit my phone goin off every few seconds
 you ever been scared of some weed  silverhaze
 my nigga andrew the truth. text him @656 am lets smoke and do breakfast  he replies not even a min later with meet me at the crib. 
 i smoke me 23 to the dome soon as im alone.
 how you gone tell ppl to bring their own tree but they cant smoke in the crib  
 tomorrow  tomorrow. we out here tomorrow. come thru and drink some drinks and smoke some smokes 
 jeff sessions experts are telling me theres more violence around marijuana than one would think  
 got a nigga wanting to smoke a blunt at 8 am. smh
 honestly just want a friend who listens to the same music as me and wants to smoke and just watch the sunrise with some lofi beats
 happinessjesus  family amp close friends  kimye  music  clothes  food amp weed 
 everybody smoke now yall really lame asl tryna fit in and shit
 i dont smoke no haze   i still cop wild jays. i invest too  i can invest in you. i just cant pay for it.. i wont pay for it. nonotnever
 breastcancer recovery good foods fruits  vegetables fat intakeless than 25 of calories less smoked foods alcohol 
 my pistol will whip you like yo daddy. ill smoke you like a black amp mild 
 ion smoke to get high  i smoke to survive
 she dont smoke but errtime she w. me we be faded
 its rolled i just need to smoke now . 
 doin all them drugs and lean and shit turns me off a lil bit  weed ok cause itll calm you amp wont have you doin too much everything else 
 need homegirls who smoke tbh
 kitchener weed is really something else tho 
 happy friday yall the sun is shining so come enjoy our patio while you can 6 smokehouse 
 cant believe smoking weed still a problem
 @thefrankbird because the deas business model keeps marijuana as a schedule 1 drug. which means legally it has no medicinal value.
 everybody fw my smoke lmfao
 my girl prayed to god she would go to church amp not even smoke before if i could just get an id. bc this shit been killing me and she hate it
 dont deal w smoke amp mirrors what u see is what it is. life affords u 2 options run w the mob or get rolled over and errbody cant be down.
 @kiloqi take me out im bored a f come smoke
 hold up  heres your update recreational marijuana law was approved as of jan 1  2017 but you 
 addicted to music amp weed 
 medical marijuana policies signif assoc w  opioidpainrelieverrelated hospitalizations amp no assoc w mmj hosp. 
 it annoys me when a guy smokes but finds it unattractive when a girl does.. like what
 maine lawmakers have proposed raising marijuana amp cigarette taxes to lower 3 surcharge on high earners. mepolitics 
 now the song is a good joint to smoke to or pregame to but when it comes down to this rap beef shit she lost man. l 
 i got weed  drink and a handy cam. all of which is legal in.... 
 isaiah told me to come back up there after school to smoke but i just cant even get up 
 need somebody to smoke this blizzy wit
 you break it up and then go smoke one or drink some henny
 where the good smoke at in the bahamas asking for a friend
 i mob around east memphis marijuana stench
 i dont know what my ancesters did  i live in the here n now  si cut through the smoke screen of bullshit and get 
 life sentence from weed  dumb asf
 i just want someone to come get snowed in today and smoke  drink  and help me pack my room
 @marianoring @smokepurpp i dont think smokepurpp knows who your friends are hence why its impossible for them to claim friendship
 hes like a friend where he comes over and you just kick it and smoke and hang.....like you but in a man @kianav
 lmaoo this nurse asked me  do you drink  smoke or do drugs  anything fun i said no she gave me that uh huh look 
 i cant date a cigarette smoker sorrynotsorry
 listen to smokepurpp everyday 
 need to smoke and i cant 
 orrrr you just smoke fat 
 i really want my friend to just pray and smoke but she scared her bf might be mad she smoking
 im the only weed smoker in my group of friends 
 @therealjuicyj bro lets smoke some  when you come to chicago next week ganggang
 @chillysosa especially woods  with no weed yall nasty 
 everybody in jail for weed needs not to be in jail. like what type of nonsense
 @bridagod how i use to smoke all up until senior year lmao 
 so many dope vibes @ the solid pad tonight  come thru  lets smoke some  
 my feelings hurt..but ima smoke about it. ill be fine.
 see that why everybody  just smoke weed 
 listens to smokepurpp once 
 @aratostephen @shaneha07960526 @w55unicorn @foxnews uhhh  i dont smoke keep being wrong though 
 if you still smoke black amp mild let me introduce you to the gas life
 come smoke with me. 
 it really grinds my gears that that 70s show never referenced up in smoke. @tommychong
 @kaitlinbamford oh no not a drawer  it dont matter if its 12 1200 or 12 mili someone gone have to smoke me out to take from me
 when youre wife is cooking and youre on a conference call and the smoke detectors go off  
 i just burnt down my trump tower and im kinda sad about it but also kinda happy. the real problem rn is that my damn room is full of smoke
 @concertchick27 i would keep to see holy smoke
 thru all my ups and downs i love weed my nigga
 @londonlad01 @lbc having a couple of grams of weed to smoke  just an example. i dont expect a jail sentence over that.
 someone hang n smoke with me
 i swear whenever im a dad the gender reveal has to be me doing donuts and the smoke is either pink or blue 
 somebody come smoke some seed w me 
 somebody come smoke some weed w me 
 somebody smoke this blunt with me
 niggas be listening to famous dex  rich the kid  smokepurrp  lil pump  and shit like that... im good. im just gone listen to future.
 just in eat healthy  smoke weed  youll live forever goodnight 
 my 12 yr old cousin just said   ive been getting high on weed what has this generation come to
 come smoke  were still on a role here trying to figure out who this bad guy is  who is a   prettylittleliars whoisa
 two more californians arrested on 287 with bundles of marijuana. wichitafallsnews crime 
 school   money amp weed is all i care about rn. everything amp everybody else is irrelevant
 and the 420 smokers club with joey bada  lil uzi  and flatbush zombies
 i hate when i cant find smoke 
 i cant find my tweezers so i guess a weed whacker will have to do
 @langfaa you going to smokepurpp
 youve smoked weed like twice  lmao chill.
 my cousins dog ate my weed 
 at this age i feel like its weirdhard to find friends that you just chill with. not hanging to drink or smoke just like game or something.
 i live on woodman street. and its funny cuz all i smoke are woods  man.
 ignacio from weeds is clearly the best character ever written
 used to smoke a few blunts a day now i aint smoke one in weeks im so excited to buy a wood tonight midnight could not come sooner
 just need a chill smoke sesh
 albino from about 41 bus is packed today and smells a lot more like weed than normal. oo
 roll all your feelings and emotions in a blunt and smoke em away
 i swear my life is so damn boring holy smokes
 either needa smoke a blunt and chill out or need to get new friends 
 my parents cant make one pizza without the smoke alarms going off
  it only takes a spark to get the weed going...all together now 
 go long enough without weed and the real feelings come out
 anyone tryna drink and smoke and chill tonight
 anyone who convinces a smoker to keep smoking when they want to quit...has blood on their hands. one out of two die 
 drink up marks. drink up. ill keep smoking legal weed. 
 1. i love how my best friends last name is weed 2. i love the weeds
 my friends smoke me out when im in my feels lt3
 @zatheprincesss @ashleybido07 i dont smoke weed at all but it was a funny tweet  so like it and keep scrolling
 this one time the whole damn garage door opened and a big whiff of weed just hit everyone lmaoo 
 pence a paragon of falsehoods testified that smoking does not kill smokers 
 someone come drink with meeee lol and smoke
 somebody smoke this blunt w me 
 omc omg nomnomnom barbeque bbq @ omc smokehouse 
 ion smoke swishas   you gone smoke whatever i got rolled. shut yo picky smoking ass up.
 i need friends thatll smoke w me whenever 
 she said all you do is smoke weed and drink patron 
 lol @ all the people who claim to be my friends but only hmu when they need a ride or someone to smoke them out
 where are all the cool people in st george hiding that like to chill and maybe smoke some idk let me find out please
 i hate sharing especially when it comes to my weed  liquor amp my money
 someone smoke a blunt with kortnee and i
 its should never be this hard to find weed bruh
 never thought id see the day where i could sit down w my parents and watch a weed cooking show in a state where weed is now legal
 caress lil mama for weed and she did it for free 
 only in colorado does a pizza deal become more sketchy than a weed deal.
 im so salty i cant smoke bc im bored as hell
 and i roll the best weed cause i got it going on snoooooooooop
 @piolaplaya you almost had my  best friends die from smoke inhalation  so sad greed payola bribery 
 everybody smokes weed but me 
 i just want to smoke and bill nye
 whos tryna chill and smoke
 this why ion smoke w females lol 
 smoke smoke  @addiedunnington @downeydelaney
 why everytime i come here its in between checks like ... i just wanna smoke been sober asf all day man
 @cooperdylan37 @jjauthor @tuckercarlson if you dont believe me  look up marijuana on  
 @cooperdylan37 @jjauthor @tuckercarlson if you dont believe me  look up marijuana on  
 shoutout to mr. @djgryce   someday when the opportunity presents itself ill have to come to canada amp smoke a j with ya sir. 
 okay  i want to talk about this a bit. first  my credentials i live mostly in humboldt county. i run a licensed cannabis nursery.
 @bjetpilot thats the best way to store weed and keep it moist. glass jar with tight seal top.
 i must admit houston weed is fye
 moving out here is nothing but hard work w a lot of smoke breaks
 everybody that slept on me can smoke a dick 
 i only smoke backwoods everything else is trash 
 y are there never gigs around lp yo im just tryna dance n drink n smoke and have fun without traveling an hour lmao
 its so weird when youre the only one in your group of friends that doesnt smoke lol
 come smoke.
 but cant smoke  
 i cant believe i aint smoke today 
 legit downtown richmond. go outside to smoke a cig. lady come out and says i dont believe in birthdays wut
 @jjauthor but weed help michelle malkin mil deal with a illness before she passed away
 someone come to my apartment n ill smoke w ya
 id love to smoke rn fr
 freeze smoke rings and they hail sleet snow grind for the wealth whole team diamonds is real
 @youngkhan000 lmao your tweet abt weed  its gone now tho
 some dude just got kicked off the greyhound bc he reeked of weed
 @l1ldebbie no one knows this song but me. i love you  lets smoke n road trip together 
 @blackhawk223117 last week i got a bottle of the smoked maple knob creek amp it was absolutely delicious. exceeded my expectations by a mile.
 bruh if i dont smoke ima lose my mind lol i got a problem
 bout to go buy me a black because its been two days without some smokes and i cant deal 
 why is no one down to smoke now a days like my friend im giving you free weed 
 mannn who tf want smoke  speak now or forever hold ya peace
 theres hella marijuana in this club rn lmaoooo i cant even breathe
 when your friends try to bribe you with vodka and weed 
 i only do weed. never did anything else .
 @rezcapone but aint smoke with ya best friend smh
 waiting for my friendsssss so we can smoke ... i love them  @rainbrandi @mushedroooms gangganggang
 jared calls weed the goofy bush
 plus i cant smoke so i really be on edge about shit.
 im pissed my cousin tried to bring the weed in the club and got all my shit taken 
 cmonn let me smoke something wyou
 i talk business wit my friends when we smoke yall just sit on your phones lmao wyd
 someone come to echo park n smoke wit me
 i met kid cannabis cousin that fool locked up
 no better feeling when you smoke before going to sleep..thats when you put your earphones in and jam tf outta your playlist. amazing shit
 me when im at the bar and all my friends go outside to smoke and i have to hold the booth 
 i didnt even smoke the joint i rolled lol
 aint no going to sleep somebody come smoke  one with me
 make sure youre somebody who has substance to sell and not just smoke
 i dont smoke but this sounds pretty damn cool rn too  
 i always find myself smoking at 420  or is it that i smoke 247  highthoughts
 @wwebitches chit  i need a cold beer and a smoke now as im in the steiner recliner @kingmarliedave thats a death 
 friends whos down to come and smoke a stoge with you when youre about to have an anxiety attack gt
 waking up to rock reaching for weed to roll is the best feeling
 @ejh95 my fam we eatin lamborghinis money weed ronnie j listehbuobwec tunneling on kodak and xxx freed raws back kim lol  and the beast ha
 me rn cos someones hot boxed a room in our hotel an it smells like a cannabis farm lol 
 right out the box  heytherenewwave on the mic today.  swing by and get lifted  @ smoke shack 
 caleb calling amp waking me up early bc he hasnt gone to sleep amp wants to smoke w somebody amp that somebody always me. 
 somebody pull up with the smoke session
 without hard work  nothing grows but weeds.
 bishh i wouldnt even let you smoke a black n mild wihh me
 if i drink  if i smoke  i keep up with the guys
 idk what i smoked yesterday but i really couldnt eat anything 
 @baileyolguin everything but the weed part
 come smoke with me.
 @smerconish is a cigar smoker i knew there was something else i liked about him 
 my dad and his friend were drunk af last night and he let his friend smoke cigs in the house 
 my parents were telling me how i cant be taking weed on the cruise bc they cant get me outta jail in mexico 
 off at 10 somebody pull up and get smoked on
 i think im addicted to shopping now that i cant smoke 
 who wants to run some errands w me amp smoke a b
 a simple message from our friends @redcrossilriver. testing your smoke alarm tonight could save your life. 
 females that smoke  and club more than anything. uncfsurys17 
 lol you must not smoke enough weed 
 i need some of the best smoke in the city somebody @ em  dm me  whatever.
 i like girls who smoke but i love girls who can turn down a blunt or 2. cant stand yall blunt monkey females.
 never been tried like dat but niggas love asking a bitch to smoke w them
 going out to @cigarinn tonight for a smoke and a drink. chill botl
 find weed immediately 
 i could be smoking a blunt in bed naked rn but i dont smoke in my house so
 yall get a mugshot and think its cool lmao. getting takin to jail for weed doesnt mean youre hard it means youre stupid.
 bored asf might just smoke crack
 turkeys are on the smoker @lakesofsylvania for our cafe menu @trilogyliving tastethetrilogydifference 
 irish i was dead whatever @ joes on weed st. 
 no. especially if its not your weed. 
 i really like this. cant drink a lot but i love the pineapple and the s... you had me at smoked 
 when you drunk or high. pregame song  brendenjbeatz  liquor marijuana  
 i need gfs that smoke and like to tan
 wish i was able to get free weed always bc i will be smoking always without have to worry about a penny in the bank account.
 why cant i ever find weed
 somebody come smoke me out 
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a midnight tokeerr
 made me some banana pudding... finna smoke then go fed 
 you wont play with emotions smokey.. atcr red
 hank  why do you drink hank  why do you roll smoke why must you live out the songs that you wrote  hank 
 trying to find a roommate that doesnt smoke or drink is like trying to find a needle in a haystack
 lol. you aint smoking my weed  fam.
 i can not smoke with somebody like this that shit pisses me off lol 
 when you smoking dope with me you can smoke in public places you can skip a couple steps you could steal a couple bases chancetherapper
 its all in the mind homie  smoke the weed.. dont let the weed smoke you 
 @brownskinpapi hell yeah feel free to come smoke ya sis out whenever u please 
 everybody be wanting to be your friend when you have some weed
 ayo who needs a smoke machine when the world is full of vape smokers
 where are my friends that like to smoke amp get food
 us discussing how we smoke w friends see you be on that vibe shit  me and my niggas just be trying to get fried and play the game jacob
 has anyone ever put weed up their ass to get high asking for a friend lmaoo
 when you realize you cant fit anything else in your big ass smoker 
 smoke some weed for ya boy cause i cant rn
 an i smoke a lot of weed to keep them bitches off my mind
  nawww he trippin we do got the best weed out here tho 
 before you fuckin talk outta ya culo amp tell me you cant fit enough marijuana in a joint  come smoke with me  ok
 @getlikebee you serious mad cause you cant smoke
 @getlikebee both of yall could gtf tbhi tweet wtf i want she cant smoke she cant smoke i said it its done bye 
 steam both sides of the l freeze smoke rings and they hail sleet snow grind for the wealth whole team diamonds is real
 for her  when they shall see the smoke of her burning   10 standing afar off for the fear of her torment  saying  alas  alas that great
 cant smoke no more and i dont drink.. what is life 
 lowkey sad that i cant smoke but its okay cause xanax
 somebody call the weed man
 somebody come smoke this nigga 
 somebody come smoke this kid 
 somebody please come smoke this nigga bruh 
 amp i smoke alot of weed to keep them bitches off my mind.
 i cant be friends w no boring ass mfs. i like to drink  smoke  go out amp be on sum chill shit. i cant be ya friend if u not bout dat 
 @ihobbsalongbih  i was waiting for you to respond . nah i dont smoke or drink.
 keep her ass in jail if she gon smoke like this 
 wtf is this thats why i cant smoke w certain females yall just be wasting the shit  
 somebody pull up to my crib and smoke me out.
 i need more girl friends who smoke
 who wants to smoke and go see kong skull island at 420. no pun intended 
 it sucks when u rly wanna smoke w someone but actually only have 3 ppl u hang w and theyre all asleep or doing something
 finna smoke a l and watch this get out it better be as fye as yall making it seem 
 @ostrichhunter @bigdaddyulezz but i can only smoke black american spirits
 someone come thru and smoke a blunt w me at work
 whys it so hard to find someone i can smoke out rn
 i come outside to smoke a bowl and here comes my mom running out omg u read my mind 
 they legalized weed in holland  jasmine. you must be happy  when am i ever going to holland mom
 my friends have a really successful marijuana business thats really taking offmy dad
 i need a ignorant ass day soon. weed  liquor  and somebody else bitch
 jusge said i cant be around no gang members  i left the courthouse to smoke up with them same damn gang members
 some dudes from washington just let us smoke a joint w them amp gave us one of those medical drinks 
 @lacountylibrary for reals. handle this shit. might as well just eat and smoke up in here if no one gonna respect the purpose of this place
 im addicted to weeds lol
 ion know how to deal with emotions  ill just smoke a joint amp laugh it off 
 after that shitty week....bout to sit in a cloud of smoke with some stack bundles on blast.
 bored asf i need some friends i can chill amp smoke w  watch movies  cook together amp dance to music type shit.
 @littlecaesars just tried your new smokehouse pizza very good except for the 4 inches of crossed before the topping start
 off some beer and weed chilling like 
 before and after smoke. dont need no sauce when you do it right bbqiswhatido @ lennar at mill 
 i have no weed im so sad rn
 somebody asked me can you trust a female who can smoke woods lol
 ..u cant get that for me thats weed 
 broke my favorite piece and it feels wrong to smoke out of anything else.
 at this point  everybody drinks amp smokes
 cant mess with a girl who smoke cigarettes
 a week without weed lets see how this go
 @warpeddwight @redawgone @marinasirtis i live in wa. just use for pain and cant smoke because of asthma so edible only.
 oomf got me not wanting to smoke anymore
 who wants to ck.e over and have just a chill out and smoke and chill maybe drink some brew or whiskey
 anything that i dont have a prescription for besides marijuana 
 somebodys excited about @miyokoschinner @miyokoskitchen smoked vegan mozzerella  its me love 
 i need some chill bad bitches i can chill and smoke with ... not a lot of them i swear 
 ive had a good ass week now time 2 chill someone come smoke a blizzy w me
 i need a girl that i can smoke and vibe with
 people of baltimore who wants to deliver me weed i have bills  green tea  and my hugs come thru
 people of baltimore who wants to be my weed delivery man  i have bills  green tea  and my hugs 4 u come thru
 @brucestjames youll take one of those but you wont drink a beer or smoke a joint i just dont get it.
 i know moms said its over for smoking in the crib but im too paranoid to smoke in the whip amp its brick city so she just gon have to deal
 yall mind if i go smoke some pcp in the bathroom
 people charge at church hold weeding
 i been high asf off of e and weed.
 whenever we have more than one joint we let my dog pick what one we smoke first cause he knows best
 everyone who is against weed should just smoke weed
 i love girls who smoke lmao
 free weed is the best weed
 lol just realized olivia and i both made playlists for our smoke songs 
 so weedboy kerr wants to rest everybody the dubs are soft  they are soft  lol
 when you smoke to forget feelings but when you high and chillen think shit kool til feelings  
 come fux w ogkk @ st smoke shop 
 if youre at cali adventure tonight swing by smokejumpers grill and say whats up
 everybody eats @ bears smokehouse bbq hartford 
 lets be blunt  how do you respond when bae says she needs to smoke before her trip  
 in a city of nearly 2 mil why is it so hard to find a 12 oz i just wanna smoke 
 jeremy wont let us smoke in his car. what a bitch.
 i need mo friends that smoke 
 bone thugs had the best weed songs  ever
 bitches that smoke more than me ltltlt
 smoke weed and get drunk when youre sad trust me its doctor approved
 i hate when i get behind ppl n they weed from they car come threw my vents
 if a mf got a problem w my smoking they gotta fuck off fr. id choose weed over a lot of heads that wouldnt think so
 when you look at your weed stash and see you have barely anything left 
 you shouldnt have to offer weed or money just to chill w your friends  ya better wake up
 my brother just takes my weed without saying anything 
 @newenglanddrew that was likely just smoke tbh
 first smoke after awhile. chill weekend smoke botl sotl nyc @ cigar inn 
 @itsmebiitch @zoayeee @iambriaxd yall wild lmao my wcw dont even smoke 
 even at the cottage  changing the clocks also means testing your smoke and co alarms. do it for your guests  family 
 if you smoke like this you cannot smoke w me wasting weed amp shit  
 weed makes u chill thats the most chill person ever. smoking weed in a public store what  why does he have female earrings. livepd
 when the weed got you feeling good 
 dandelions arent weeds and ill thank you to give them the respect they deserve.
 someone hook it up w a ride to oildale ill smoke a blunt w you
 the funny part of the mob clowning both them was they was more pissed about the weed than the actual dumb shit 
 who wana hangout with me n a friend and get smokey
 do you smoke or drink .. of both
 do you drink or smoke .. or both
 will some one come smoke w me
 my dad gets mad at me for being on my phone but he lets my younger cousin smoke weed with him 
 keep talking shit but werent you the one just begging me to come get you just so you could get some weed  but ok
 dadill give you spending money when you go on your mission trip to jamaica bc i know youll need some ganja..someone cut him off
 this is the part of the year where i sit n smoke on my roof i just need a friend whos down
 cant stand people who stand outside in this weather to smoke its fucking brickkkk
 idk wht it is but i havent wanted to do shit but sit on my ass listen to some tunes and smoke  been lazy asf the past week
 amp why tf would i go walking thru da projects by myself at midnight to smoke one blunt 
 i really want to smoke a couple blunts rn.
 i smoke a lot of weed to keep them niggas off my mind
 so whos trying to come over and smoke with me on my porch  since i cant go farther than 100 ft
 kevin nealon playing doug on the show weeds is the best character ever 
 im so scared to drink or smoke  i just cant do it.
 with the fam enjoying stories  laughs  drinks  smokes and each other. family is a blessing @ 
 edgar lets hotbox. me we cant we have a baby in the car and he cant smoke. edgar fuck no he cant. he doesnt have ins.
 happy glo day to the blood @dwardell  stay up tn fam smoke one for the kid
 niggas cant smoke with me and get mad why cuz they blunts too small
 i prefer being alone. i dont like sharing my weed
 when were at a family party and my aunt lets brandon smoke but not me im lowkey salty af 
 how you 25  no job  still live with your parents  dont go to school amp all you do is smoke weed amp drink alllll day  how 
 that hell challenge wont work wit some of yall moms cause hell yall cuss smoke and drink around her i cant relate 
 i keep everything neutral i just wana smoke and leave 
 somebody come smoke with me
 everybody out partying  im just at home with my weed 
 does everyone in bellevue smoke weed orrrr
 unlikelymagic8ballanswers reply hazy need more weed try again 
 i dont smoke with my friends because ima be on 10
 i smoked like 5 jays and i ate a meal but im still hungry and i cant even do anything about it 
 i cant if you smoke joes  i honest just threw up in my mouth a little
 my manager smokes me out  gives me alcohol and feeds me  what else could i ask for 
 congrats to tha smoke
 @rachelc is literally the best when she comes over she brings weed with her 
 happy birthday @dessedamac  hope you turn up. smoke fat and be safe. i always got you lym  
 somebody come to coalinga n smoke with me 
 so mad i wasnt able to go see lil pump smoke purp  and famous dex. fuck it ill just smoke this cuban cigar.
 i swear if everyone smoked marijuana  we wouldnt have any problems cuz everybody would be chillin 
 got to hang out w zay amp everyone plus smoked em out w my best friend 
 i keep my passport with my marijuana
 it sucks i cant even take my kid out in the backyard without her getting the worst allergy congestion  stupid weeds
 i wish there was an app to find local stoners to chill and smoke up with
 i really wish i could find bud at this hour and someone to smoke with
 just tryna be laid up w u smoking weed gettin my booty rubbed n shit
 brah somebody come roll my weed for me lmao im tired as shit
 nvm. i cant even find my weed
 i be needing people to smoke w  funny people though
 i wish i could get addicted to running but well see how tomorrow goes cause im not quitting yet.. no smoke in my lungs either
 what im really trynna do is find me a cute lil boo that i can smoke and get high with das it
 pretty girls that skate amp smoke 
 this smoke detector thing keeps going off in my room and i cant sleep with that shit yo
 always party with the weed smoke 
 honestly  i dont smoke cigarettes or vapors or whatever but listening to them converse is honestly the best thing ever
 errbody smoke 
 errbody smoke 
 you shoulda hit me up. i charge in marijuana and beer for rides.. homies only though everyone else pays cash 
 somebody come smoke a blunt with me
 whos tryna smoke rn
 i wish taytay was up w. me rn so she can smoke me out amp we get drunk.
 man if i didnt have to work id go see @therealjuicyj smoke a blunt with em..but i gotta get to the money  turnupinnaptowntonight
 i bought too much weed i cant smoke it all before i leave
 id be scared to smoke all that food coloring 
 your baby daddy fatass fuck and cant sell weed.
 science and stats reveal that marijuana is much less harmful to individuals amp society as a whole than sugar high f 
 catch me at poppin xanys while i smoke tha hydro  
 i think im so irritated cause of this head ache  i think i got a weed hang over
 i have to smoke when i wake up fuck everything else 
 somebody give me a lit place to smoke in downtown
 im determined to find a weed man while im in florida
 anything that isnt weed  henny  patron or gg 
 @magicbaby oh you gotta say to smoke w gang
 my phone so dry i might as well let yall contact me through smoke signals
 needa get me earrings and some smoker shades 
 everybody that smokes needs to come la for 34 days and smoke ya life away then come back and it aint gon feel the same
 aint even smoke all the weed n something went missing smh
 either today or tomorrow im going to the gun store .. word is you cant go in there smellin like weed so i gotta be sober for a day
 chicks love saying idk how i feel about you expecting to get sum from me after they smoke your bud smh 
 everyone needed a front everyone needed a jay just to smoke when i needed shit aint no one give me shit except imr
 @tedsmarijuana my wife had another seizure yesterday landed on her head she hurt her shoulder today were treating and curing with cannabis
 arizona reefers
 shit youll never see smoke on that nut shit 
 idk bout the cheap w weed part  but cheap w food im wit it 
 anything other than cannabis lmao. alcohol hasnt been my friend recently. 
 who wants to come over later today and help me do all my laundry  ill smoke u the fuck out
 im tryna go skate and smoke a stoge
 things i enjoy watching boys do drive  smoke  hold things in general  anything involving their hands really
 @spacegodkami bro wtf was you on when you did this song kus i want whatever you smoked  this shit go hard asf  
 i swear everyone and they momma be on when a nigga dont need weed but when i do everyone dry af
 reply  whenever i need more weed  lol 
 @dickgottfried @nygovcuomo mr. gottfried knows what hes talking about listen to himpeople are r buy mmj to smoke on the st. its cheaper
 if i had a dub for every we should totally hang out soon that never happened  id have so much weed that everyone would wanna hang...
 its boring smoking by myself  but whatever more weed for me
 im not a smoker  im not even bouta smoke anymore. im salty asf i fucked my pee up 
 @bullhunitproof they will say anything to justify his death. weed is not a death sentence
 @officialshewp happy birthday ... heard u was out here you neva told me id like to smoke w my friend thatd b cool lmao i love you 
 @megannbailey21 exactly like i know i shouldnt smoke but im still going to soooo 
 fire weed with good genetics can go for anything less than 3 thousandpound even in this backwards ass state
 smoking weed is the best relaxation method if im wrong dont like it but its true
 needed to be around some friends smoke nd talk shit
 waiting. starving. feed my belly. @ smoke shack in wauwatosa  wi w @krittabug 
 news keeps saying where there is smoke there is fire what about pixzagate
 news keeps saying where there is smoke there is fire what about pizzagate
 cant smoke em cause i tried like 3 or 4 years ago when i started listening to ab soul. theyre hella difficult fam 
 i think i just needa smoke really
 sombody come smoke this blunt w me.
 lets just chill and smoke
 is it even allowed to smoke on hosp property  
 when all your friends are hung over from springbreak but you been smoking weed so you cant relate 
 market does best at weeding out suas drones hardware  apps. govt  especially faa must keep their mitts off dron 
 friends lets smoke text me 
 but im not going no where  we about to smoke and smoke till we cant no more
 @redsteeze but if they lied about the store...how is it ok to assume they didnt lie about anything else and a bag of weed is not  death
 the weed song
 i say whats on my mind if i drink if i smoke i keep up with the guys.
 finna smoke my weed  watch netflix and chill. lol
 if everybody smoked a blunt  relieve the mind  the world will be a better place
 when you gotta act like a saint in front of your girl. not smoke  eat ass  or anything else. 
 is it rude to smoke a cigarette in a drive thru
 if your friends dont enjoy bonding over wine amp weed  are they really your friends
 its so funny how everyone would give me shit for smoking weed but now all those same people are doing it too  lmao i hate you all
 somebody scoop amp smoke sum
 girls who smoke cigarettes ltltlt 
 all this is just... ugh  i needa smoke.
 i smoke 200 blunts just to get me thru the night
 just took the best weed nap w my baby 
 i need to hangout with people where we can have adventures and not have to smoke weed every time we chill
 i need a best friend who will smoke and watch the entire series of buffy with me
 pineapple always wanna smoke we can hang tuesday ima hit u up babygirl
 @wwebitches spense is close to 60 years as a smoker and keeps on going.
 id be tackling people to inhale @danicapatrick smoke if i was in the stands 
 my weed dispensary texts me their special deals everyday and that makes me really happy tbh.
 she smokin weed amp playin kodak
 a real deal wood stock would be dope. im talking hippie and panther style though.. nothing but smoke in the air  damn i cant see 
 finish cooking  then going to see my brother. smoke my last with his ass.
 cant get over the fact that smokepurpp amp lil pump are coming to tucson yes yes yes
 lets skate and smoke sum weed
 if you smoke cigarettes we cant be friends
 im so mad and i just want some weed but i cant even fucking go anywhere
 now im going to have to remind myself to take smoke breaks. horrible 
 blunts rolled somebody come smoke wit the kid
 if you ask people to hang out to smoke their bud bc you cant buy any then dont smoke idk u chose to do a drug u must buy it
 all i do is smoke amp drink
 steam both sides of the l freeze smoke rings and they hail sleet snow grind for the wealth
 i just whacked a shit ton of weeds. im feeling pretty damn masculine right now.
 lmao im dead my friend is all of a sudden smoking weed  wearing thrasher amp riding penny boards just for the aesthetic of thrasher 
 lets chill and smoke
 why is their band name that.. finish the sentence. why dont we smoke some weed why dont we rob a bank  shannons mom
 i cant smoke anything else until i eat something.
 givin out free smoke  imessage basketball
 if you smoke marijuana  .. watch now   potent 
 haha youre like one of the only few californians i got on here. you tryna smoke  
 truth be told nobody wants to hang out with you if you arent going to smoke or drink with them
 so i can drink viv smoke strong weed amp think about life
 put all that weed there..  if it dont close wrap a joint around it..  ya
 mcdonalds tbh is like the mid you smoke when you down bad 
 life sucks smoke a duck
 its like smoke drink to diz . 
 actually cant believe that weed exists
 i just want you to come over and roll me something to smoke
 fresh off work headed to the crib bout to shower smoke and finish off my lil patron i got left
 come over after school lets cover killswitch and smoke cigs everythingexceptrapandcountry @ 
 i cant smoke no tobacco ever
 being an immigrant and usually the only black kid in most spaces growing up in minnesota  older cousins  marijuana 
 lmao when everybody keep tellin you ..you smell like weed 
 i really hope i can smoke tonight or else it will be some problems 
 id loooove a smoke sesh w my friends rn 
 if lil pump and smoke purp can get on anybody can
 someone come through for a little bit or come get me im bored amp wanna sab even though i dont smoke bud i want to rn
 it is so inconvenient when u cant smoke in your hotel... whats the big deal man everybody does it dang
 you know your lame when you cant get someone to come smoke your weed with you
 @asvpmagid the weed keeping me alive rn lol.
 everybody smoke woods now ...
 my @airbnb host will not respond to me and i dont know where the apartment is. i just got the keys from a shaddy smoke shop
 wonder if my stus go smoke w me
 shawty come n smoke one w ya partna we can get nasty cops n robbers
 wow smokepurpp is really out here rn
 dont even bother with the fergusonmarket tag  just a bunch of scumbags saying a man still deserved to die for having some weed..
 my friends always invite everyone over and serve alcohol and weed and make up a dank ass meal for everyone like wtf my friends are the best
 need some smoke in boynton hmuuu
 whos trying to chill or smoke maybe both
 were at a cafe in coolidge and that a weed whacker. is that a cooking utensil azfinedining 
 plz stop trying to argue that weed isnt addictive. you  can  get  addicted  to  anything
 i really just want a cool girl best friend whos down for whatever amp smokes weed  wya
 tbh i want to smoke a blunt 
 stuck between wanting to talk about all the weed i smoke amp henny i drink and being a lady
 democratic smoke screen if you cant convince  them w hope amp change  just dazzle them w fake news amp bullshit  if this fails  repeat.
 seems like a chill person to smoke amp vibe w at 2 am or get drunk asf amp listen to x w  but he can piss me off a litt 
 something i thought i would never say  i just did weed gummies with my parents
 @lengotgame he gone try to smoke us if we meet in the 16.
 me wants to go out. party. drink. smoke... but my boyfriend is lame. maybe amber should be single 
 my dawg dee except the weed 
 i got some old friends who only hit me up to try and sell me weed now  foh
 if you come over to my crib you better have weed  beer or food
 i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive
 i like how the guys at the dispensary know how i smoke  my dosage  my tolerance  and how feisty i can be with them
 one jolly weed rancher and @jasonalabama turns in to mr slave.  imagine that.
 the little kids that are fake baby gang members because they think its cool . the kids that smoke weed at 12 . no no no
 whys my anxiety so bad rn im fucking sitting here playing video games... i want to smoke a bowl w parker 
 who want smoke wit us from the gang
 girls that are messy af and girl that smoke 
 now that the smoke is clear  i can focus and invest more into the real.. 
 ive been really wanting to do the weed lately but im not about it 
 in lex mad bored bout smoke myself to sleep
 whats your favorite song to smoke to 
 i love nice girls lets all be friends smoke blunts and put on lipgloss together lt3
 so blunt you could smoke me tbh
 family  weed  bae amp food 
 come smoke with me
 everybody too busy to smoke tomorrow
 need new friends to smoke with
 i want to smoke rn  ihm
 im cool af to smoke with. everybody fwm
 im cool af to smoke with. everybody fwm
 freeze smoke rings and they hail
 someone come thru w smoke
 we could see the thick  black smoke from our rooftop deck as we had our nightly bottle of rose at sunset.   
 i really do fw bsl when we not competing against each other... they really like family. but they still dont want no smoke in dodgeball.
 i not talking but actually dry up n cant talk haha must b weed feels dry cuz is lol allergies  dont go there
 bouta smoke 2 blunts and chill
 i was like what lmao and keep in mind  im still a bit high because i smoked with derek before we left.  i listened to the song
 lol mad about a little weed im done i give up
 ill be the best weed man br ever had.
 nah nigga i deserved to be smoked out   you abandoned me fuck outta here. now if u do better then u can request tha 
 eye mean smoke....see what the real story is...that will.sway the masses amp oull at thier strings to force them to v 
 when you cant smoke inside the house 
 @dar2rare come smoke with me
 last time i checked you passed weed around in a circle wit all the homies and every one of em hit it soooo 
 tbh if i dont smoke i wont go to sleep which is bad bc my house is in full force by 830 on weekdays 
 @smokepurpp bruh let me come smoke with you when you come to portland lars n i will be most hyphy there without a doubt. blaze some woods
 that 70s show is funny  but that 70s show while high.. might be the best combination next to weed and music.
 when all the smoke clears  its you amp me. i like that. i prayed for a girl that could keep up with me.
 somebody pull up amp smoke
 imagine how upset shannon was when she saw this  first a huge bag of weed next a cat named thug life  
 im a joker im a blunt smoker im a midnight toker.
 v both sides of the 12 steam both sides of the l freeze smoke rings and they hail sleet snow grind for the wealth frankocean
 @djroreed @erickfernandez you need to smoke a j or 3 and learn some chill
 listens to collard greens while driving then starts smelling weed not sure if its the car in front of me or if it come with the song 
 got deaded as a friend bc i was too tired to hang out and smoke youre ass up
 who can take me to sell my ticket rn ill smoke you out fat lol
 holy smokes... best hrv ive ever scored....  recovery sleeprevolution nowwerun 
 a whole lot of marijuana by the bundle
 i need friends who dont smoke poppers so they can keep me distracted. @julieveilleux where u @ ho
 its so cold cant even smoke a black
 somebody bring that word hunt work to my imessage. im handing out gun smoke. ive been in the dictionary all week.
 you know he is   school boring asf dude  smoke on campus 
 i need to quit weed bc of my career but ill enjoy it while i can 
 i ran outta weed 
 when you got weed and money. they come around
 are the carletonuniversity snowflake generation afraid of scales to weigh their marijuana seeds
 i think its so cool that @lilyachty doesnt drink or smoke. that takes mad courage in this world. cant wait for that album to drop broo
 @jwcounsell are the carleton university snowflake generation afraid of scales to weigh their marijuana seeds
 cant smoke my blunts then. 
 i need kanaeyo to come smoke a blunt w me
 i honestly dont believe niggas smoke the gas i smoke
 happy birthday cousin @riorackz  be safe and enjoy if you on the pull up come smoke some
 i only smoke weed. yall can keep the shrooms and whatever else 
 who you know smoke more than the gang dont worry ill wait  @djmotormane
 got no problems my weed lit got no where to go
 im the type of friend that even thought i cant smoke i buy my friends bags so they can.  why not
 i just be wanting friends who wanna smoke my weed with me but i cant find em
 portland room mate ads be gay  dont smoke  be single  be vegan  no pets  dont come home past 12  no water after midnight.
 best song to smoke too. 
 my friends r so cute the invited me to come smoke but told me to bring my own blunt cuz im sick lmao
 seeing rich the kid dex smokepurpp and maxo kream on saturday and the tickets were 3.50 each
 so trashy when all someone wants to do is party and smoke pot
 come kick your feet up and come smoke with us on this gloomy and rainy monday  
 i smoke by myself n hang by myself at school lmao
 well hello migraine meet marijuana
 if i can find the right venue for this new years party im trying to do this shit about to be a big smoke out w good food amp music
 some of yall bitches choose smoking weed or popping z over chillen w a friend. yall so sad n weird asf 
 one of the women on sweet home oklahoma is named pumps and she smokes cigarettes in her car with a rubber glove s 
 i just be wanting to smoke the weed when we chilling.
 id be so bored without weed in my life
 jerseycitylawyer so you who wants to invest in a cannabis business  @jdsupra 
 if you go to a party just to smoke or drink youre lame asf.
 who wants to smoke w me
 bitch i needa smoke sum
 i mean  anything can be addictive. you can smoked without being addicted but you can also certainly be addicted to 
 where do i find weed in dt austin thats the real question
 austin ppl find my girl some weed 
 we cant find no weed  
 people in austin have no chill lol need money for food and weed 
 when i smoke with my woes its like smoking alone anyway.
 with or without the weed  
 my coworkers are telling me that girls that make weed arent cute duh... cause im beautiful amp so are the others 
 literally everybody comes to me when they looking for weed  trust when i get my car turning that shit into a trapmobile
 ive went inside lifestyles before w weed on me but never have i made a drug deal in the store  before rn
 free smoke for everybody 
 somebody do me a huge favor ill smoke like 5 blunts wit you lol
 im having this problem where i cant find anyone to get me weed again
 @smokepurpp smokepurpp the goat this shit to fire 
 basically. used to smoke them so much  and now i cant stand being around it. happy2behealthy 
 bouto get hella weed n snacks 
 arizona medical cannabis business expo | april 1213  get your tickets now   use code twee 
 them roach joints be the best  all kind of weed going on
 troy rolled me 2 ls so i can smoke while hes at work bcus my nails got me all disconbobulated rn lol
 and dont be the nigga who go smoke up everybody shit but when you got a sacc you be m.i.a
 do not kill this weed its one of the best healing best herbs on the planet   via @natlivingideas
 anyone trying to smoke rn
 @nvaa this is why marijuana comes in handy 
 i wish i had friends who didnt feel the need to smoke before we go anywhere lol.
 leosha you need some hoes. me nah  i just smoke and chill. 
 omw baby.  you know im almost there too. im legit 99 in  no nachos like @eminem says in must be the ganja 
 someone tryna chill and smoke
 am i wild for tweeting that i sell weed now are the feds watching
 im so broke rn i cant even buy smoke off of a hamburger
 this mid weed he got rn 
 if you believe thats what music sounds like upon ingesting cannabis then you also believe youre gonna get the hiv widda puffpuffgive.
 i go outside to use my wax pen and my ra homie sees me and is like is that a weed vape  me no if youre on duty   yes if not lmaoo 
 got a bad feeling im about to get snowed in without any weed... got me fucked up...
 if my kids come home smelling like weed ill prolly never end up catching them cause ill just think its me
 a misfit ive been addicted to the weed smokw
 the only thing i talk bad about is the weed here. everything else cool
 we smoke some of the best concentrate 
 they never say to eachother lets smoke a marijuana cigarette they say lets turn on or lets blast a joint
 i hate breaking my weed down with my hands  i need a grinder immediately
 i dont smoke  i dont drink but i do indulge into dank memes..
 if i ever make one of those fat ass doo doo blunts that you have to smoke w two hands i still dont want hella heads on it
 thoughts wish i was worth taylor swift wanting to get to really know   wrote her called her dmed her imed her heck sent smoke singalsnoreply
 idk how i used to smoke weed in a park everyday. i cant even smoke at the lake without having an anxiety attack now
 lol this is all i can smoke now  
 good weed lmaoo 
 can me and my boys come over and smoke 
 the marijuana industry...why families in our area are having a hard time getting the drugs they need  
 can you get high from second hand marijuana smoke are there any rules that kids cant be around people who are high or getting high apd
 can you get high from second hand pot smokeare there any rules that kids cant be around people who are high or getting high aurorapd
 then i go out back to smoke a blunt and two guys come up to me asking if they could hit it and telling me im so beautiful 
 i would do anything to smoke rn
 i cant believe space jesus slept on devins couch in 2015 like this bitch has met and smoked with him wtf
 everyone else before the snow storm milk and bread 1  me weed and snacks 
 shower smoke then chill out
 i cant day drink and smoke just took the best 4 hour nap of my life
 my granny say why must you  smoke the stanky stuff where you get  that shit from i cant deal with her 
 when your friend drives 40 miles to come smoke with you  
 @ericspracklen i havent got many followers i do have a agenda silentmajority over 70want legal marijuana tax it create jobs
 @carminezozzora @rediaimfire @realdonaldtrump silentmajority wants legal marijuana 70 tax it create jobs
 some where between the pizza  tha beer  tha weed and the holy spirit amen.
 i need to smoke a blunt before im locked in my house for this storm
 hope to see my friend jacob hemphill and @sojalive in nc.  their music got me through some hard times during my can 
 not sure if its the weather or weed but its got me feeling like im in california... or both lol
 yall crazy if yall think i movie my perry tweet for that  yall needa smoke sumn.
 dis how i come get my weed wen im n cali udiggggg private shit  u need a code word to come 
 if you smoke  come smoke one wit me tonight  if you drinking  come drink one with me 
 @michellelhooq dude with a cart that could feed him for 5 years gasping my weed man dont wanna see me and im mad 
 i need someone who likes to smoke then go adventure after
 @nestsupport my phone shows the best smoke alarm as offline.  how do i fix
 i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive lmfaooo 
 for every inch that snows  ill smoke a dutch
 remind me when i meet you i have questions i may smoke myself retarded in co i came to meet you tho  thats b a solid js @chriswebby
 theres really no weed in chicago without going thru 1 or 2 other people
 ill give someone all the money in my pocket to smoke me down rn
 how to pick up girls with smokepurrp.@smokepurpp
 v both sides of the 12 steam both sides of the l freeze smoke rings and they hail sleet snow grind for the wealth.
 v both sides of the 12. steam both sides of the l. freeze smoke rings and they hail. sleet snow grind for the wealth
 @smokepurpp how to pick up girls with smokepurrp
 people chill to smoke now  not chill to chill
 she only smokes when she drinks  she only drinks now and then. now and then when shes of tired of being let down by men 
 she only smokes when she drinks  she only drinks now and then. now and then when shes tired of being let down by men 
 who wants to come smoke with me
 well  i was about to go outside and smoke before the snow comes but apparently there was an armed robbery in front of my building
 would you drink wit a nigga  do you smoke weed
 come pick me up from the bar and we can do hulks and smoke blunts lol
 i seen the word weed right so i read this like 9 times tryna figure where the tree punch line at..never found it  
 jaz wants to get matching weed tattoos rn should  e do it on our feet
 i cant fwy if you smell lie weed all the time  thats out.
 ima smoke out my nina lmao
 lmaoo the govt doesnt even smoke mids 
 @6ixjays lol dont smoke
 i need to get hired somewhere asap because i miss smoking weed. idk how much longer i can hold out
 only 1 person from irl follows me on here everyone else was like you tweet too much your annoying you smoke weed whats wrong w u unfollow
 there are two types of girls drink wine and cry at the bachelor finale. drink beer and binge watch weeds on netflix.   guess which one i am
 bicth why yall being funny on this weed in to my feelings thinking bout what u said
 i have 3 joints rolled and no one to smoke them with  awesome
 if i dont find nobody who sell weed when i start my job tomorrow on crip im moving somewhere else.
 addicted to smoking weed 
 lindsay smoked weed and wasted her high being lame lmao
 smoking mad weed
 @foxnation @marthamaccallum @foxnews he blamed young store operations mgr. getting weed for cigars. older man upset over deal long bfore.
 if you 19 and scared to smell like weed when you go home  you lame asf. mfs be doing shit i did at 13 cant hang with it it
 if you roll mosquito legs mf you cant smoke wit me 
 i like to smoke to myself  i just try to improve  let my son hold my strap while i swim laps in the pool.  rt 
 i go to smoke with my best friend and he rolled me a personal  blunt thatshowitsdone
 if the possum wants the yard that is fine. the deck is mine  i wont go out and smoke on the deck now. lol been going out front.
 thread on thoughts of weed because im angry rn.  
 drink amp smoke 
 cant believe i just dug a hole in the freezing ass rain for 6 fucking hours. smoked.
 friends that smoke you out and feed you gtgt
 you ever go buy weed from a guy you know from tinder and have never actually met but have sent a ton of nudes to thats me rn.
 i want me a girl who dont smoke or drink. why dat so hard to find
 everyone wants to hml with bud when i cant smoke
 so to whoever comes and cuddles ill smoke you up
 after your innocent friend says she likes being high but hates smoke bitch nobody started having lungs  we had to earn them shits
 hate i cant smoke cause i have to actually deal with my problems instead of smoking em away
 pls help my friend out shes such a talented barber and some dick weed stole everything she needs for work 
 gone have to meet all my cousins boyfriends nshit .. i hope they smoke   ima be high this whole trip 
 your mcm carries 5 worth of weed in his backpack to seem cool.
 that aggravated the fuck outta me and i cant even smoke
 how do people sleep without smoking weed its been awhile lol
 now im addicted to cigarettes. at first i didnt let myself inhale  but smoke got through and so did you
 i cant stand cigarette smoke 
 cant even smoke to chill out  how do normal people fucking deal.
 free smoke for everyone
 aint no way i cant find weed in atlanta
 if you smoke legal do not come around me at all
 come smoke... thats an invite
 no shade  but if youre best friends with the weed man you want your kids to also sell weed  
 everybody else out here looking for love while im just over like damn i had somebody up smoke with
 your mcm smokes his joints without a filter.
 idk why yall be so pressed to smoke hookah like what does it really do for yall honestly
 yall get mad cus people smoke wit they niggas now yikes lol
 it has come to my attention that alottttttt of people smoke weed
 we are officially out of first place.... someone really needs to check just how many prescription drugs and weed that kerr is taking
 after smoke comes munchies and ive been craving chicken n waffles 
 in an italian restaurant bathroom trying to figure out if i need to vomit or not  and the vape smoke comes through the stall. instant vomit.
 if you cant eat unless you smoke maybe you should stop smoking idk
 i hardly smoke but when it comes to the cousin its a must @adysotobanda @barberjuan21 
 this the time i smoke blunts  niggas is ready to gtf again
 how about everybody leave shit alone that dont have anything to do with the amp hb everybody need to leave me alone if you dont want no smoke
 cant believe there are still people who smoke while pumping gas lmao yall really playing with death
 drink and smoke weed baby girl can you hang wit me 
 boutta smoke an l in the snow by myself bc idc about my life 
 its so funny that all my aunts amp cousins refer to weed as shh ssh whenever they talk about it with people around 
 come smoke weed amp hold my hand
 enjoy your fabricated problems with a text book solution bruh    keep smoking that weed too bruh
 government trying to push reggie like its 2002...fam yall need to see what these smoke shops got now. 
 @stogestevens id smoke for the show if i had any.
 retiring from weed and focusing.
 who up come smoke.
 somebody pull up on me amp get smoked out
 i dont see how you can smoke everyday and not see anything wrong with it
 where are all the kids getting weed from these days. i cant seem to find a dealer at all. 
 so what if i smoke weed lmao
 smoke alotta weed to keep shit off my mind
 got smokepurpp as my anthem on tinder lol
 remember when you had to go to some guys house and fake hang out to buy weed
 and i roll the best weed cause i got it goin on
 i ino somebody on weed got twitter
 i need a drink amp a smoke.
 where are my boys at to come through to my place rn and smoke me out smh
 i live with a walking corpse who chain smokes and drinks every night for hours with high blood pressure i hope to move out before he croaks
 @kinglouiebitch fr  who lets their friend smoke alone
 woah  i fr just said im not in the mood to smoke tf wrong w me
 watch me smoke and chill in the same time as gettin a check.
 college frat houses are recruitment for skull amp bones. which is why they do the hazing  to condition and weed out members.
 i needa smoke son
 if somebody dont just bring my grumpy ass some weed. im very impatient especially since everybody make it seem like they ona money mission
 breaking out the weed and the drink on the spot its looking like player 3 cant be stopped because we going hard  every star  roll a blunt
 rolled so much damn weed up with my feet up we dont come in last 
 @prettydijahh bofl smoke gone be the reason a lot of li hoes be scared he keep up wit his shit
 either we smoke  drink  or we break up ..
 koolin eatin fruit finna smoke  
 she aint lying. 2012 weed was best. idk wyd going on now. but my cousin in la be having that thrax
 i smoke cause it helps me 
 @justintrudeau gangsters taking over weed...plain and simple cops keep jobs  government gets paid and  people get fucked.  just business eh
 i need to smoke im keep saying that shit till it happens
 @jebsanford leace.  heath.  care.  were.  it. is.  ther.  are.  other.shit.thats.  more. need. in.  america.trump.  need. smoke screaming
 freeze smoke rings and they hail. sleet snow grind for the wealth.
 getting dressed so i can meet my friends  amp smoke marijuana 
 i cant believe i los my wallet i need a smoke
 somebody come smokeeeee
 somebody needa get up and go cook ampamp somebody needa go get some weed 
 just laying here mad w my sack of weed by my side
 idc if youre a female or not if you let a nigga just smoke you up all the time and you never spark up or match youre a bum ass bitch
 youre just mad suzan will rather smoke a cig and fuck your cousin than send you money 
 my lyft driver keeps asking me how im doing. im not sure if hes being nice or he just smells the weed. .
 um ill smoke it tbh 
 shawty you should roll with me come over and smoke with me
 it may be snowing 2 inches an hour but best believe ill be hitting the weedman today if necessary
 my parents smoke amp they do it in the house .. thats whats so funny but they really wont let me smoke in the house 
 help get word out. some bad weed hitting the streets. my friend after 1 bowl   
 im glad like 90 of the people at my job smoke bc we all kinda just take smoke breaks when we want unless its busy lol
 ran off with the weed with @itsslonzo 
 you gotta be real fucking lame if you have to go to the doctor for some weed. like just get some friends bro lol
 mr president please. what a faggot. smoke that bitch. 846.
 who tryna hang n smoke
 when ya snowed in but you good mad weed mad mad xanax and an edible chocolate bar . who needs a nigga
 idk why my mom keep asking if im high. i smoke if i look high yes  i am 
 @marckanthony i feed my weed man foh especially cause he family and i dont pay for shit lol
 i cant stand cigarette smoke.
 come thru the crib for some smoke
 im boutta walk thru this blizzard to buy woods and smoke with homeboy
 bro somebody pick me up and ill smoke w u  im just not tryna smoke outside 
 if you have known this friend for 3 months  and you got to find out that the person smokes but you dont . how will continue this friendship
 i cant find a lighter so im going to use the stove to light my smoke but idk how the cleaning lady is going to feel abt it
 do you know where we can find some marijuana we looking for marijuana
 lmao everybody dont smoke those  
 him and x were best friends. they use to smoke together in the garden
 just want to smoke a blunt and chill with some friends
 just had the best weed nap ever ....
 i keep smelling weed every time the air comes on. 
 i cant be addicted to marijuana  i use a bong it filters out all the addictive shit
 last night i was about to smoke and the whole table started shaking lmao i ran downstairs like thats going to help hahaha
 2 for 22 hemp nation tan extender amp body wash | now  sun 319 
 woman that smoke is such a turn off... i mean smoking anything  its disgusting.
 arizona is such a cocksucker when it comes to weed like why couldnt it just be legalized man make it easier
 me im gonna grind up this weed  student athlete grind  you dont know  grind until you chase  your dreams every day like me 
 i need to find some ganja  im out 
 my tl  spam. jay mfs pump faking. something about nicki. rainn cant trust ppl amp i want some wings. jay dont ask for my weed .  
 deep in the weeds of general fund impact w tim offtermatt. over the life of agreement  county impact  41.954.6 million.
 i cant believe this neighbor is talking about telling on me for smoking weed
 @spacekatgal if i wasnt 700 miles away id totally come  even though youd smoke me and my prius d
 finallllly off work. hmu. smoke up friends.
 i got a citation for speeding so im here in court and this man walks in angry af and yells somebody stole my weedeater  lol im done
 finally got my @vapexhale evo let me know if yall have any questions about the best cannabis 
 this is my friend i always hang out with when i smoke  i feed her when i have food. today we held hands 
 smoke weed and chill.
 the fact that my best fucking friend @noah12anderson wont come home to smoke w me makes me sad 
 i just want someone to come over and smoke weed with me when it snows
 when you finish smoking and your friends want to smoke more 
 i dont have nothing against smoking.  i just cant date a guy who smokes bc i dont lol maybe if i did.
 @jimcramer looking for the best cannabis stock at this time
 they not we be at smokers wit they goofy asssss
 everybody who smoke parents do too
 hey boys  stop asking me to come to your house or smoke or come chill. im not a booty call and i deserve respect. xxx 
 i wish i was addicted to something weak shit weed
 if you go to lane be my friend next term and smoke w me in my car before class 
 someone come smoke wit me at work
 i keep filling my lungs with smoke and drinkin everyday  so i guess ill work my ass off and surround myself with friends 
 keep your gmo weed away from me and my family.
 it appears im not alive. does that mean i cant smoke cigars im not sure of all the rules of being dead. 
 mr. tommy chong we here in north carolina indeed need weed to succeed to feed our seed 
 steam both sides of the l freeze smoke rings and they hail sleet snow grind for the wealth
 @xxtayahhxx youre friends shouldnt smoke.
 cant wait to hit up a weed dispensary in cali come june
 i been lost hope because cops get more excited to find a bag of weed on me amp my friends than to figure out why 64 000 black girls missing
 i need friends to smoke blunts with 
 it really sucks that everyone i smoke w only listens to straight trap music lmao 
 tbh... idw smoke alone rn lmao
 im all about that life lol i love that shit. i live for it. i love it niggaz dont want zero smoke wit young fargo. that boy wild outchea
 thankful for life  friends  family  clothes  my home  school  weed  girls amp money
 i need to be in a cool house smoking weed with people who dont got something up their fuckinnn asshole
 not overly smokey but its there. keeps the saltiness of the... smoked pineapple tritonia  photo
 not overly smokey but its there. keeps the saltiness of the... smoked pineapple tritonia  photo
 cant believe i dumped a whole bag off weed all over my truck seat
 its so funny to see folks reactions when they find out i smoke
 @zmeffel and i dont deal with nobody until i smoke my blunt
 i smoke the best  youll find 
 assoonasistopped growing weed  my friends disappeared
 yall smoke once and think youre snoop dogg  come on now
 idk who u copping from bc its 2017 and everybody weed from out west. 
 if one horse town by blackberry smoke doesnt define floydada perfectly  idk what does. gotta love this place though
 friend comes over to drink and smoke  mom calls her a good seed
 best believe we hanging tf out tonight. i got alot to smoke about.
 need more friends who smoke
 @walker32 come on smokey get going
 come smoke  
 @seanhannity im an animal lover i wd fight like hell 2 get my family member bk its ok for that st 2 smoke dope but cant keep a pethell no
 ive come to the conclusion that no one in nyc eats food they only drink margs and smoke cigs
 i cant hang with people who smoke cigarettes
 if i didnt invite you  you cant come but you can give me weed for my birthday
 do you drink or smoke
 freeze smoke rings and they hail
 come and smoke w me 
 i can swear  i can joke  i say whats on my mind  if i drink  if i smoke  i keep up with the guys
 they needa hurry up w this relo im ready to smoke
 if you need a job  come trim my weed pls lol. 30 an hour or 200 a lb. dm me
 i would just like to invite all girls who want to smoke or drink w me @upseteyess sometime to my house to smoke or drink w me and said bitch
 somebody take me to get weed please i need it so badly ill smoke you up 
 im at smoke daddy  @thesmokedaddy in chicago  il 
 fighting the urge to smoke is the worst feeling ever
 because of the snowstorm i got home so late otl i was hoping to draw a little something for smoker  but realistically  i just cant
 smoking is not attractive bitch i dont smoke to look cute  i smoke to get high goofy.
 just got this fire purple haze  best buds youll ever fucking smoke.
 im on the come up like smoke
 come smoke this slab with me
 @keacardash idc  smoke you one something
 honestly  just feed me and let me smoke and ill be happy
 all brody ever does is come over here  smoke a couple blunts and then sleeps
 need a fine lil honeydip to roll my weed for me 
 can people really be addicted to weed 
 as if id ever been in the presence of government marijuana lol
 i always get deals on edibles and weed nshit
 ok tbh nancy botwin from weeds is probably one of my greatest role models bc as problematic as she was that girls live was v dysfunctional
 it cant just be me that thinks @jenhale504 is a smoke show  can it
 i did not kno smokepurpp was dis live
 i want friends that i can smoke a lot of weed with and grab sushi with in richmond
 whos tryna come smoke with me i got a spot hmu
 he is the devil  mr. graham. he is smoke. youll never catch the ripper. he wont be caught. if you want him  you 
 sit in the whip and just clear my mind. good weed on deck
 somebody smoke me out
 somebody with a car should scoop me so we can smoke lmfao 
 got weed and cant even smoke 
 @maddow i believe he sent these himself to draw attention away from trumpcare.  big smoke screen.  dont get distracted resist
 im bout to smoke. shit pissed me off.
 neighbors are hitting the cannabis pretty hard right now. i expect high sex to ensure shortly
 am i back in high school why did i just smoke a black and mild
 2 strains some og and some diablo purpgot thee best strains fwm if you wana smoke only the best that medical kill 
 i cant wait to have my own apartment so i can still be snowed in alone but ill be able to blast my music amp smoke my weed as i please
 nothing like finding out your ex best friend was giving your 13 yo brother weed
 i cannot smoke with amy  i really be lit asf cracking tf up lol
 theres something about marijuana drugmovies @midnight
 looking like somebody bald headed smoker ass mom 
 theres something about marijuana @midnight drugmovies
 lord of the smoke rings drugmovies @midnight
 just be wanting to smoke amp chill
 good weed hunting drugmovies @midnight
 how i know i just smoked something from home 
 @midnight drugmovies dude  wheres my cannabis
 theres something about marijuana drugmovies @midnight
 drugmovies @midnight weedful things
 drugmovies @midnight the weed of chucky
 the lost boys starring reefer sutherland. drugmovies @midnight
 good weed hunting drugmovies @midnight
 drugmovies theres something about marijuana
 everything you always wanted to know while under the influence of marijuana but were too stoned to ask drugmovies @midnight
 when hes 64 but you find out he smokes
 @midnight weedful things drugmovies
 @bradhoylman brad how can u be for legalized marijuana  but want to outlaw flavored e liquid lol i thought you were protecting kids.
 gone with the weed. drugmovies
 gone with the weed drugmovies
 drugmovies. weed bought a zoo @midnight
 @bradhoylman wow 21 of high school seniors smoked marijuana in the last 30 days. shame on you brad lol 
 joe dirt weed. drugmovies @midnight
 honey  i smoked the kids drugmovies @midnight
 the bad weed drugmovies @midnight
 drugmovies @midnight          a weed of their own 
 dont tell bong  your weed suppliers dead. drugmovies @midnight
 a weed of their own.   drugmovies hashtagwars @midnight
 drugmovies catch me if you cannabis @midnight
 field of weeds drugmovies @midnight
 theres something about marijuana drugmovies @midnight
 the empire smokes crack  drugmovies @midnight
 i swear in @tpains cant believe it @liltunechi sounds like he smoke all the weed amp recorded a song. i cant hear a single thing he says.
 ill play u a song for some weed rn only
 if you ever see my name in your mans phone its more than likely that hes coping some weed. stopbeingsoinsecure idontwantyournigga
 somebody in the government got weed confused w oregano .. 
 we left our bong and weed stranded at mnt helix bc a cop rolled up and told us to leave  im very sad rn
 rather smoke a wood than drink but fuvk it
 steve kerr looks like he just woke up from a weed nap. stand your ass up and coach.
 drugmovies good weed hunting
 pee weeds big adventure drugmovies @midnight
 the empire smokes crack drugmovies @midnight
 2001 times i smoked the ganj what an odysee  drugmovies @midnight
 i cant smoke no more because the only foods i crave when im high are carbs and sugar 
 somebody come smoke w me 
 my mom said i cant be friends with her anymore bc she smokes weed. haha rip cs das my only friend 
 i would never wanna smoke in my crib but i love ppl that let me smoke in theirs lmfao. we all need friends like that. 
 we live in a era where we value weed over love @wittlowry
 theres something about marijuana drugmovies @midnight
 lol @ ppl who think i wear makeup to attract male attention. you really think a guy is going to appreciate a perfectly blended smokey eye
 @jason @trengriffin its california  has nobody done cannabis infused bbq so many good names for a place like that...
 tryna figure out a way to calm my nerves in a better way than smoking weed.
 pirates of the cannabis the legend of the loud smell  drugmovies @midnight
 if you smoke in a car covered in ice  is it still hot boxed wisest words
 lock  stock  and two smoking ganja drugmovies @midnight
 the best exotic marijuana hotel drugmovies
 its been going on 4 days now  amp i cant find no mf weed since my weedman got locked up...really finna get mad asf.
 gone with the weed drugmovies @midnight
 the girl with the dragon tattoo sells the best weed.  drugmovies
 i feel real close to death right now i hate losing friends and i cant smoke to my full potential because my backwood skills are low 
 somebody smoke with me
 somebody gotta smoke that ump w2
  waiting on weed 2 pull up rn  
 aj was like if yall give me the weed then everybody can go nobody wanted to give up they weed so we all got tickets lmaooo
 somebody come get in the jacuzzi and smoke a wood wit me 
 beauty and the weed drugmovies @midnight
 if anything  im mad i cant smoke his weed anymore without him trying to fuck. this aint that.
 thank you for smoking weed drugmovies @midnight
 i smoke all my emotions away
 dope  kid cannabis  drugmovies
 theres something about marijuana @midnight drugmovies
 harry potter and the chamber of weed drugmovies @midnight
 jack reefer   drugmovies @midnight
 @midnight the ganja must be crazy drugmovies
 the empire smokes crack drugmovies @midnight
 yall my high is so extremely good rn went to this amazing lit ass new clinic smoked some good kush n now im eatin a lemon cupcake 
 the men who stare after they smoke drugmovies @midnight
 what the bleep did we smoke drugmovies @midnight
 what if we slept during the day and was awake at nigh i need to take my ass to bed cause i know weed amp twitter dont mix.
 tbh all i do is smoke weed 
 still cant believe i bought weed of some nigga off grindr  it really be like that sometimes.
 idlikearefundfor weed i keep that guys kids in college 
 should i smoke or keep my 3 weeks of smoking keep going
 was cleaning my room and found some bud ugh smh i had to give it to steph cause i cant smoke it 
 chill n smoke 
 not a fr choker but you smoke wit me  notcto hot about the drinking but you toast  wit me.
 who up w the smoke 
 a lot of ppl have negative intentions  so its best to read them amp weed them out early so you know who youre deali 
 waddup guys who up rn lets smoke
 honestly im just always tryna smoke people out but nobody ever hits me up or is tryna chill hahahaha
 my girl cant do drugs or smoke anything. she gotta be mature smh
 guess ill smoke my wood and crash 
 just rolled a blunt to not even smoke it lol im tired
 i cant smoke weed rn and it kind of sux
 what the bleep did we smoke drugmovies @midnight
 the ganjafather drugmovies @midnight
 i cant even eat  i needa smoke before my breakfast
 idlikearefundfor that batch of weed that wasnt potent enough  
 drugmovies american weed
 @swaggedouttaco dog is you mad im rich lol i dnt even do drugs i just smoke weed whenever i want too i dont even drink liquor no more
 i need some damn weed cuz i swear i be mad over the dumbest shit sometimes lmaoo
 mr good smoke nigggggga 
 someone holds a hand out and you believe youre hallucinating  theres no way out  just you and this box  the smoke and your thoughts
 i expect to smoke at least 22 blunts this extended weekend in honor of my 22nd year of life 
 @cannabistu silentmajority wants legal marijuana 70tax it create jobs
 and trump claims he doesnt drink alcohol or smoke. but likeeeee.... youre. on. something.
 oomf got the best weed i had all year lol lets see if he comin out today lol
 i cant smoke 
 keep your mind on the things you want. your mind is like a garden and you must remove the weeds of fear and distractions. wednesdaywisdom
 someone come thru and smoke
 i dont smoke and i cant be around people that do fr lol. shit just lame  yall be high asf just stuck in someone face or some food. nah g
 my weed so loud niggas smell it thru the baggy said damn son you got that surround sound
 lets do @jakesondevine pintnight with a smoked duck quesadilla. deal cool  see you at 400. eatlocal 
 @lipstickthvg help me find some weeds
 @markdavid2 i know  hard to detect. we need a method to smoke them out.
 trump smokes mids and now hes trying to get everyone else to 
 courtroom discussing intent and motive. roberson testified at trial saying wilsonneuleib called him on morning of shooting for marijuana
 @lilithmoon1313 @monoxide420life so glad i live in canada  i always got weed on me lmao  cops cant do shit since its decriminalized.
 jerseycitylawyer compliance into the weedsepisode 32  @jdsupra 
 i dont smoke smoke or anything  but my 90s kid in me found this hilarious 
 jeff sessions is apparently addicted to mass incarceration. marijuana feeds that better than most drugs. so  scienc 
 when you smoke and smell like weed around other people in places you shouldnt smellll lol
 when the weed got yo whole house smellin loud lol
 bs how ppl in the same country buying weed legally  while we over here getting arrested just for smoking a piece
 whole time it aint even weed  its salvia and they gon kill everyone 
 need to know why @abrissette is such a smoke 
 guess who slept through a smoke alarm 
 maybe smokepurpp aint puttin on for hialeah or dade wherever he from cause his own city aint show him no support... clowns lmao
 ran out of weed 
 need friends to smoke with 
 can i smoke legally in texas you cant even be legally gay in texas 
 lmao lemme feed you and smoke you out ma 
 why cant i find a niggaaaa who like to smoke like i do  damn like how we gone be laid up without a blunt 
 dropping the smoke for the gym is going to be the best decision ill ever make
 you ever burped up smoke lol
 mad cus you cant hang with us   smoke gas propane with us.
 someone dmed me about weed. feds need to stop it. 
  mr  aka @realdonaldtrump thinks weed is evil
 @justmesinceday1 i smoke trees like its legal she had to be blocked
 i wish i had friends im just tryna smoke
 exactly why my girl cant smoke  
 i dont smoke that  but for you id do anything so lets roll that
 i believe in praying about the root cause of the situation while down the weeds. wolves in sheeps clothing. those feelings were planted.
 she remind me of synthetic weed idk
 honestly weed can keep babies from having siezures and all alcohol does in the long run is kill your liver. quit hating. live and let live.
 @hot947 @knowauthentic inbox for a free copy of this song when the smoke clears  money new track on soundcloud now 
 @chancetherapper  inbox for a free copy of this song when the smoke clears  money new track on soundcloud now 
 @djenuff @chazfrenchmusic inbox for a free copy of this song when the smoke clears  money newtrackon soundcloud now 
 was feeling generous n offered smokes to the homies  everybody occupied 
 @kameronbennett inbox for a free copy of this song when the smoke clears  money new track on soundcloud now 
 @health4americas yes its time for a smokefree generation
 i cant date a girl that smoke a lot
 getting pulled over high with weed in the car and the car loud asf and not going to jail is liive asf. thats how you know theres a god fr
 shit keep me with the munchies more than weed
 so many people are hiking today and its impossible to find a place to smoke on this trail.... grrrr
 @aukyman12 happy birthday goon cant wait to smoke a birthday blunt w ya
 onifc has some good ass songs to smoke to
 yo as long as you not smoking weed an athlete can do anything in this world. 
 im not addicted to weed im just a asshole when i dont smoke
 like i cant be your friend if smoke cigs freaking disgusting
 i really shouldnt smoke before work  i be ready to crack up at everything amp end up looking stupid af tryna hold in laughter
 lemme go get this weed and keep my ass outta trouble
  better hold that smoke in 
 campus so dry rn i might smoke
 somebody come smoke with me 
 cant wait til im 21 so i drink and buy weed 
 you blow a lot of smoke scared to move two cents to impress with a closedmind view you sabotage the spirit
 come smell my smoke and drink my beer thats edisonhouston edison houstonfoodscene 
 they aint yo nigga if they cant kick it w you w out no weed or lean involved
 want to smoke with new friends.
 its time for some of yall bitches to find a new weed man
 when i smoke i can fly wherever i want 
 this weed got me feeling like im  in gta rn 
 if youre in austin sxsw for the week  please find me weed.
 if i ever smoke around you  feel special
 is it sacrilegious to smoke cigarettes in utah
 whats up with people always thinking they can smoke my keef when i leave my grinder places lol
 my ngga smokepurpp really made it  
 i needa smoke
 its funny to me that all my family members ask me to get them marijuana products from work now... like arent i the baby
 drugmovies white boyz cant hemp
 a party w music  dancing  liquor  and weed. ive never been to one of those. our generation is so lost smh  
 long story short  respect your ogs. they got the best weed.
 cant smoke w me if you only got 5
 you dont smoke but its cool with your friends
 @kschmidt67 @agowa @king5seattle the problem i see im just waiting for the fed to come here and shut down or marijuana business retaliation
 feeling a little better now that i have weed. 
 tryna smoke and cant find my damn wallet  mane wtf
 you couldnt come to church with me so you could smoke weed
 the boys who smoke and drink believe they gain maturity which comes alone  and have actually lost childhood  which never returns
 @kingletty  remind me to not smoke the morning of lol
 this legit happen hahah well wtf idk...i dont smoke  
 cant smoke rn but its cool
 just bc your around ppl who vape or smoke doesnt make you look cool or seem cool please stop.
 ive been hearing others laugh at californians all my life. meanwhile   we produce the most patents  silicon valley  amp best weed calexit 
 ima choose the weed over you... you know i aint scared to lose you
 v both sides of the 12 steam both sides of the l freeze smoke rings and inhale sleet  snow  grind for the wealth
 wish i had more real girl friends to smoke and chill w
 the new hempz  tahitian vanilla amp ginger  is dee approved  dee was worried that the added 
 how many calories does weed have
 chilling with someone  weed  amp a good conversation means more to me tbh. 
 i smoke weed like its going outta style and drink gasoline
 my cousins  my grandma  and i are having a smoke off rn.. this is the weirdest shit
 im lame  not flashy  dont smoke idk. lmao i guess 
 believeitornotim im a smoker im a joker im a midnight toker
 believeitornotim a smoker im a joker im a midnight toker
 we  lame because we dont wanna smoke our lives away  guess ill just be lame then
 in need of a female friend that can smoke as much as me
 i just want to find a friend who enjoys wine and weed as much as i do
 if you only smoke weed and do nothing else youre the most annoying type of person.. take a drink or something
 noah and i bought a pipe named jimbo and whenever you smoke out of it ya gotta say wats poppin jimbo
 somebody smoke a fatty amp eat a whole bag of pink starburst w me 
 drugmovies despicable weed
 really smoked 3 days straight cant believe
 these niggas need to come on with my weed
 @yasavannah i took us on some of the best smoke rides w my crazy ass driving skills  ur my lil sis  my arms always gon be open for u 
 just need some weed rn
 my friends swear i only smoke when theres niggas around.
 where all my friends at that smoke. do i not have any
 every time i smoke w @cuervochelsea she shares her germs w me amp i get such a nasty cold. do i regret it no. will i do it again probably
 can you od on weed tho. asking for a friend
 yall ever smoke a blunt with vapor rub on
 today taught me.....too always keep me a 2nd weed man in mind 
 proverb 420 never expect an edible that doesnt taste like weed to fuck you up
 i just like to roll up get rolled up get smoked up 
 smoke alota weed to keep the bitches off my mind
 i leave weed everywhere i go amp dont say shit  let niggas keep 8ths amp shit but when i dont got shit i cant find a nigga in the world to up
 im trying to got to the smokepurpp and lil pump concert so bad
 i cant smoke wit out listening to music ltlt 
 @jazminnns we need to smoke together 
 only person ill ever smoke wit is dj lmao hes hilarious
 youre going to your friends house to chill with other guys so yall can drink smoke amp play 2k thats so gay  female w no friends
 when this miami trip comes around....im just going to hit the beach one night  smoke a cigar and meditate. clear my mind. 
 i think there are more weed shops here than mountains tbh
 smoking is so trashy  i dont know how or why our generation makes it seem like u cant be cool  or party  or have friends if u dont smoke.
 a cool job being the smoker who hangs out in seedy bars saying  i havent heard that name in years.
 i need weed rn
 somebody bring me blunts and lll roll up. i need to smoke
 can somebody come bring me some weed 
 @nicenissey @huffingtonpost weed  maybe
 when certain family gets together i always need a smoke break but cant get one
 i needa smoke buddy
 i must have pothead tatted on my head because i cant go anywhere without niggas asking if i need weed
 id give anything to smoke a blunt with my tio rich rn  miss you everyday my nigga 
 smoking weed is the reason im addicted to arizonas
 pull up if you have weed if not dont come hmu for addy we finns get litty
 when you smoke your eyes never turn red but you be high asf 
 i can feed  drive  drink  smoke  everyone up on my own dime  but let me ask for something everyone wants money from me....
 i cannot wait until i live on my own so when i cant sleep i can sit in my bathtub eating chicken wings n smoke by myself 
 i smoke keep movin i cant stand how a philly blow
 i smoke keep movin  i cant stand how a philly blow ss
 how else would they convince people its not beneficial no one benefits from shit weed 
 my head is splitting....and its bc i didnt drink or smoke today.  i cant do this every day..its unbearable
 i keep having dreams about me smoking weed  and all i see is my life flashing before my eyes . that shit scares me
 rolled a blunt   just to sit in my room and not smoke it lmao
 im. its now that i left @cannellmatt  house  someone come over and hangout. i got everything there is. smoke  drink  games  etc.
 so bored now that i left @cannellmatt house  someone come over and hangout. i got everything there is. smoke  drink  games  etc.
 i jus smoked with him and dee before i left thats wild 
 being addicted to weed is hard
 want somebody to just smoke and vibe with
 yo idk im reaching but in the just what i am song by cudi is the beatsynth saying  i want to smoke i think crazy af lol
 idk how i just fit this much weed in this blunt but i did and im sorry yall cant come smoke it with me n my friends
 sometimes i think im lame then i remind myself of when i was 17 amp smuggled weed across the border amp smoked out a cop w it
 cant smoke rn so how am i supposed to cope
 im sad asf  i wanted to smoke
 i want to smoke so bad. tomorrow. i will survive.
 i need a neighbor to smoke w
 i hate that my ass live on the far side of town.. my weed man cant come all the way out here  let along a decent amount for an uber. 
 i smoke alotta weed to keep them bitches off my mind
 @stephenasmith cant drink around steven  you cant smoke weed around  but steven a  can do whatever steven a wants to do come to cowboys
 im so strong for rejecting to smoke. im powerful  i can do anything now
 if you smoke newports i cant fwy shawty
 she only smokes when she drinks  she only drinks now amp then  only when shes tired of being let down by men.
 if yall hide yall guns amp weed like yall hide yall bms amp gfs then yall would never be in jail
 somebody on my tl just said its hard to find weed round this time 
 kayla well wheres the pipe what are we gonna smoke out of your ass me that would be tight
 @kingofjanitors i think it would be cool to chill by which i mean drink  toke  smoke n be lazy. maybe go to a movie
 if you rolled it  but its my weed  i still spark first . 
 im so fucking pissed i lost my weed  like im highkey acting like a meth head rn..
 i smoke all day and smoke all haze
 ceilia was the best part of weeds. 
 right. cause i know people with phds  kids  careers and are happy who smoke weed. cant say that about my friends w 
 need more female friends that smoke and a new smoke budd...
 tan healthy when your outside with spf. hempz has a new line out with moisturizers and spf 30 to 
 need to be around people who do more than just smoke and drink
 this girl better be ready to smoke n chill cause ion got time for a bunch of questions
 people who smoke weed seem to be bored a lot
 @simon0108 we can meet up but no beer  no shots  no cocktails  no weed  no cocaine  no crack  no needles  no anything for me tonight lol
 happy birthday to the best smoke buddy ever cant wait to be back in dirty t and light up a bday bleezy ily @juliannek15
 i smoke with people once and they keep asking to smoke again  im not that interesting bruv
 girls that smoke have no respect for themselves 
 proud to say ive never done anything other then smoke  because yall are wild to do crazy shit every weekend 
 this nigga smoke purpp need to stop deleting his songs man
 @realchadjohnson the song is something just like this by coldplay na chain smokers
 i need someone to chill  smoke  and have actual conversations with. yall be so boring.
 keep ur marijuana at home kids
 when my friends come over and we smoke n bullshit gt
 drugmovies cannabis lector
 me hey californian native  do you know where i can get weed californian what weed whats that never had that what huh
 lmao i think i had a smoked out avi in like 2011 
 splinter sent me to the doc and came back with purple now all i drink and smoke is purple you know me. its lil d 
 @rtfrye i love u so much cant wait for all the poirly executed pics n great times to come ur the best rose marijuana 
 i wonder if some people on my snap do anything with their life other then smoke weed 
 someone lets go to smokepurpp and lil pump on the 30th
 should i come out to my parents as a weedhead on family vacation
 i ran out of beer and weed again. brb going to bed until theres more.
 @junill @40ozvan help my weed loving friend lol
 i cant smoke no cigarette 
 or we could decriminalize marijuana and release nonviolent offenders...problems solved w a lot less money spent 
 watching weeds at work while i freeze to death 
 find me smoking weed where the wild things are.
 only buy the best weed  freeadvicein5words
 drink or smoke tonight 
 @julianadesiree i want to get coffee and smoke w you sometime
 this bitch cant find her weed talkin bout i cant mothafuckin believe this 
 does weed have an impact on kids cus now im starting to understand wtf wrong w my siblings
 chill and smoke 
 someone in my harmony class reeks of weed lmao
 i smoke to much the problems of a 20 something i drink to often theres liquor pouring from the faucet.
 when your about to smoke and a drug commercial comes on 
 ayo someone smoke me up before i got to ny
 the best thing is to stroke my dick to some good porn  shower  and smoke a blunt. yall retweet and enjoy  
 saddest part about my life is 10x more addicted to cuties than i am marijuana  
 saddest part about my life is  im 10x more addicted to cuties than i am marijuana.  
 i bet you i would have more friends if smoked again lol
 i need to smoke a blunt with @sarahhazey 
 thats why i cant smoke with my nigga bruuh. he will have me looking like this fr 
 everybody smoke weed till its time to match them 8ths
 drop the lame you with and come smoke a joint with he whos winning.
 dang y cant i just find someone who just wants to have a friendship where we smoke n cuddle then dnt talk to each other for a few days
 @damncourtney you want julie to come get you so we can smoke 
 who got weed for sale asking for a friend
 well cant smoke with him no more 
 i got some weed so lets make a song
 if youre a girl and like to go on adventures and probably smoke some weed hmu lets be friends
 sometimes i grind up all my weed just to keep myself busy lmao
 sure you can pay me in weed to feed your cat
 somebody smoke me amp my sister up
 when everybody already you smoke but you cant 
 so is coke like the new trend now ill stick to weed fam lol
 if we cant get food after we smoke i cant fwy 
 i need to meet more people that smoke
 politicians better not come after my smokers. 
 myluckycharmis my weed grinder. just when i think im out of weed.. tada there you are 
 @sportsguyryan ill light both smokers up and feed hundreds to protest.
 cant wait to smoke with @kingddre and show him this song 
 she dont smoke but everytome she w. me we be faded 
 takes few steps on the island and bamb finds hella weed lmao lucky i think so.
 him dont smoke indoors i smelled cigarettes last night me i dont smoke at all. indoors or outdoors.  him this is a remind.  me 
 somebody friggin smoke w me im dry
 when your best friend that doesnt smoke says pack a bowl i wanna smoke 
 talking down on my name when im not around but asking for a smoke out when you see me  thaha
 name a good song to listen to while you smoke
 when i come to your meet amp greet next thursday  can we smoke a blunt ill bring it  @pnbrock
 yall so wet behind tha ears amp be tryna do drugs lol thats how smokers are created lol
 songs last forever when i smoke
 @mmarie16 whats up sexy  hows this sound... me  you  a bag of weed and this badass new gb i just made  girls chill college
 @emalonez i smoked a lot of weed as a kid  legit dont remember rocket power at all.
 bennet says colorado must protect its marijuana laws against feds  but does not like people from out of state affecting states water
 youll get smoked in your dome if you even tryyyyy to come close lmao
 everybody cant sell weed 
 chilling to see that this old man is just trying to take a smoke break. amidst the devastation. @lookinabout 
 i need a friend who can come over anytime and watch svu  smoke  have intellectual convos with me and hold my feet while i do sit ups 
 broooooo no this is your vag  i wouldnt even do this w weed let alone stick something like that up there 
 game leafs da best thing to smoke outta 
 cali got the best women weed and weather which constitutes it as the best state
 chill smoke drink and fuck
 finaldestination  tomorrow night  come thru 50 shakedown  money drop  weedamplean give away  you dont 
 everybody saying free smoke for promo   gtfo .
 you better believe ima smoke a whole marijuana when i get home
 in delaware whos trying to smoke one 
 why everybody be tryna pay me in weed 
 worldwide motherfuckin mob figures.  weed smoking  gun toting....riding on our motherfuckin enemies...httpst.co3feqfguzuk
 worldwide motherfuckin mob figures.  weed smoking  gun toting...drinking...riding on our motherfuckin enemies...httpst.co3feqfguzuk
 must smoke weed must be adventurous 
 yall be so angry about life  go smoke a blunt
 some days i be wanting to smoke instead of drink 
 i need some more weed or drinks
 gfs a smoke show 
 to the weed man and back home rt @unofficialak with your bank balance rn  where can you travel
 i smoke on the mic like smokin joe frazier  the hell raiser  raising hell with the flavor    inspectah deck 
 i seriously live in a generation full of idiots.. a girl asking if she can smoke while preg and 16 year olds merkin people  smh its sad
 wow im so bored. come smoke
 everybody who smokes it is addicted based on my observations 
 richard pitino looks like the guy from high school who had the best weed but also overpaid for it
 bit you knt hang with the gang trynna smoke our shit amp dip 
 theory chris martin heard the drop of rozes while in tha stu w chain smokers team n literally said i want something just like this
 i need to smoke weed and get a therapist lol
 smoke amp drink thats the shit im on  ima smoke this joint the break you off. 
 performing ozzybitch tonight come thru i got free tickets lets smoke outttttt @miamilivevenue 
 gonna play some insurgency. poppin smokes.  my steam is starrider88 if anyone wants to add me on steam.
 tony played with my feelings saying we were gonna go smoke. he pisses me off dawg playing with my emotions and shit
 why everybody on my snap always send me pics of their weed tho 
 all my friends are smokers. then theres me the alcoholic
 come over w a bong  ill smoke you out pls
 got in to lakewood co around 530 am and now are passing out w all out colorado dispensary weed amp awesome lil adventure dog 
 it irritates me when lil pump  slump god and smokepurp make their songs so short...
 should i smoke rn or wait until after i finish cooking 
 ill smoke u out or something  i just wanna tan amp take a dip yall
 mmmmm i could go out and smoke rn....
 i only smoke blunts if they rolled proper
 cutting foreign aid to fund the military is like cutting the smoke detector budget to buy a new firetruck.
 this is a tough one.  i aint no joke. im known to let the mic smoke. slam it down when im done to make sure tha 
 i just made friends with a guy selling hot links and hamburgers out of his smoker and playing 
 i just want like one cool ass friend whos always tryna eat  shop  smoke  amp just kick it. 
 fall planted prg all fertilizer and growing like a weed  and thank fully with little weeds. 
 my dad wants a list of songs for the dj to play at my party ... but all my songs talk about weed  niggas  and pussy 
 i just want to listen to music and smoke cigs w my friends
 i have no wc friends to hang out with rn and no wc friends to smoke with this is a let down for my want for plans rn
 if you cant give up smoking weed for a job then you burnt out
 i feel like such a loner because everybody in miami lit.  i dont drink or smoke 
 clearly mr silver spoon here has never been hungry. please  smoke pull this mans head out of his ass trumplogic 
 i hate when girls are all fake around guys so that they get free weedalcohol
 dont use the marijuanas  youll go bald 
 if i can smell yalls weed two houses away youre doing something wrong
 having a good job is cool and all but i need to find one where i can day drink and smoke weed again.
 have you ever been to texas south by southwest where we can smoke a zip like we cant get arrested @bigsean
 who around to smoke
 who do yall buy weed from around here
 why is @tommylopezz scared to smoke
 me will there be pot at the party   literally anyone else idk if anyone here smokes  me no i mean a neti pot
 now comes the part of marchmadness where you see which of your friends picked maryland to lose so you can start weeding
 locked my car keys in my car and the locksmith is complaining about the weed smell  bitch i dont need this rn lmao
 bae cant smoke over the summer bc of grad program so guess im about to become a drinker for a min .
 id suck tf outta my plugs dick. not even for the weed... hes just fine amp super cool high school girl vc
 how bout i keep the 20 and just smoke out  
 @nestsupport help our best protect keeps going off and setting off the two others in our house there is no fire nor smoke
 its probably just me but all i keep smelling is weed 
 we live in the middle of an amazing time. smoke and mirrors work so well that it is hard to see how anything real can actually surface.
 somebody smoke with me
 wish i could smoke a jay on this couch rn
 45 doesnt think  thats the problem how does one get a grasp on smoke and mirrors and borderline insanity 
 dreadchapo  uno  smokepurp  xxxtentacion  lil pump 
 my daddy really on smoke side  wtf
 i need to smoke bruhhhhhh
 on some real shit if i ever text you lets get high its only because i need a place to smoke lol..
 in need of somebody to smoke with who wants to smoke with me pull up
 i just like to roll up  get rolled up   ill smoke ya
 without weed idk where id be. lmao shit keeps me beyond calm.
 my friend sets a timer to smoke bc she forget she got blunts
 i cant even smoke a dick without choking ps yall know i wasnt the one who said this. no names tho.  
 cant stand no fake smoker
 somebody come smoke ya girl out
 when females be like i cant fw ppl who smoke. like bitch this is our sanity.
 cant smoke an l wit dis shorty 
 come smoke i got the weed  
 you dead ass have 13 frat kids as your avi... enjoy your blazer and 30 a g weed my wench  ur an insult with legs 
 @brittanyventi devils weed 
 when you cant find no reefer  
 yall mind if im smoke grip
 @iancrossman if you still up you can swing by the crib and smoke
 im sad somebody come smoke me out 
 who knows how to turn a smoke detector off pls help i took the battery out but it keeps beeping
 nothing a little weed cant cure
 not some gentrified shit  either. i want one run by a short halfway bald lebanese dude who smokes indoors
 cause youre the cigarette and im the smoker we raise a bet... cause youre the joker
 nun of my friends like to drink tho they just wanna smoke 
 like smoke all the damn time why is that even  like you act like you cant function without smoking
 @mdotff i cant smoke until after like 2 tomorrow
 somebody smoke some
 i barely smoke like i used to.. lol i always say that cause i cant believe it.
 touch my shit  especially my weed 
 imma drink this drink  imma smoke this weed  imma get this bank
 @anerolxoxo im always down dude lets smoke together lol come to my apartment any time well smoke my apartment out 
 i love my dad even tho he only feeds me chips  candy  and weed
 everyone lets their addictions consume them. you are being everyone else. do something worthwhile. just smoke more weed amp forget the rest
 half of my family smokes so im pretty sure my cousins in cali smoke too 
 everybody got a gun  everybody getting real  everybody turn gangsta off the weed amp the pills.
 im trippin tf out the doctor keeps asking me if i have  ever smoked or drinked in my life.
 i cant smoke or drink for a year. all this stress and i can relieve my mind with anything smh johnsoncounty justice system
 brandi really the best friend i could ask for   fina come smoke and play mario with me 
 i be smoking rapper weed w my gang
 i need more friends to smoke with in south bay 
 i keep the glizzy who want smoke
 i need weed in my life rn
 yes my life @ everyone i went to hs w who drink amp smoke now but called me an alcoholic bitch shut up jus bc i d 
 especially with no weed  
 go to the gym  work  stopped smoking weed.. who am i
 smokin weed rn....
 best weed i ever had 
 not enough characters for a word in a tweet me  smoking weed lets spell it in    e m o j i 
 nobody tryna smoke wit me  i hate soloing blunts
 i would give anything to smoke a backwood rn guys 
 best thing about sharing a bed  wake up  smash  smoke  and repeat 
 if we cant drink and smoke and talk about eachother bad exs or ugly hookups we cant be friends with your sensitive ass
 im gonna start saying damn this shits on smokepurpp as fuck when i like something from now on
 yall be wanting to get so high in the moment that ya waste all ya weed at one time lol nah i make my shit stretchhhhhh 
 but wait...u believe your friend loses his hearing for 24 hrs by smoking some marijuana but u cant forget somethin 
 i could neva be wit a girl dat could smoke a full mild  cuz i could barely bus a full mild out in 2 sitting haha
 i just cant  cant see myself around yall asses yall gotta fuck for weed or something
 aye yall ever watch somebody snap amp be like... you cannot smoke my brotha  wasteful ass kids lol
 where my weed yall
 these girls keep looking at each other n laughing whenever our prof talks about weed. like i remember my first bowl
 cant smoke im on papers but hold on this my jamaican 
 and again they shouted hallelujah the smoke from her goes up for ever and ever. 
 need someone to chill smoke and go get some foood with after work someone hit me up get outta here at 6 ill scoop
 i needa smoke....
 somebody was outside saying they got weed and coke sounding like the lick
 i always have weed but no friends to smoke it with 
 or come smoke with jasmine 
 institutional growth mindset means that the school tries to keep people in rather than weed them out cagstem2017 brynmawrcollege
  great co impact sourcing vidro. we harvest weeds that are potent like wintergreen from nepal to clean up habitats
 these girls keep looking at each other n laughing whenever our prof talks about weed. like i remember my first bowl
 anyone can see that lil pump and smokepurpp are up next..
 lmao im the youngest so i damnear always got last minute gifts cause niggas in my fam forgot i existed.... so weed 
 @ohhhkatieee but smoking tho lol... not everybody a smoker
 hes funny and works a lot but he smokes and goes out too much  give something to get somethin b
 @gordonkeith i think the problem is that heroin just feels fantastic. i mean  its just the best. getting potted up on weed isnt even close
 and the actress was darklong haired and had an unusual first name  like salome or smoke or something. what was the film whos she 22
 why does everyone in florida smoke
 you must never had a bitch smoke you up before 
 to grind up weed lmfaooooo what 
 you addicted to heroin  i feel bad for you son  we got marijuana and ag sessions has come. trumpcuts
 steam both sides of the l  freeze smoke rings and they hail
 i need friends that smoke
 so someone could ruin someones life by giving them and std but i cant smoke a little bit of weed with out getting 
 those student athletes that think theyre better than everyone bc they refuse to smoke and drink lmaooo
 its weird when you smoke with someone new and they scared to get high but you over here seein who can inhale da longest w you an yo day 1
 lucid dreamt bout a nuts house party it got raided n i told errbody to hit the lake for an after party  i stole a half a zip n smoked it all
 keep your household  kids and pets safe from accidental exposure to cannabis with these locked 
 a car just about smoked the fk out of me..... this snow got to go
 @whodafuckislaje i cant smoke and then come to twitter. its like walking into that mr. crabs meme.
 if a bitch could smoke cigs w her pussy she deserve to get her section 8 revoked 
 she dont smoke but erytime she w me we be faded 
 @pontifex01  i love you papa please hear my prayer. we need gods healing plants cannabis the endocannabinoid system
 la aurora preferidos emerald on sale at lil brown smoke shack  in store deal only 
 if you have ever smoked w me please like this.
 chinatown smells like weed and poppers and exhaust. hiee nyc
 i was literallly just cooking rice and vegetables on the stove  nothing burning  and the god damn smoke alarm goes off i swear to god
 you drink or smoke
 im down to smoke all day and just chill with some cool ass ppl. 
 do you drink or smoke 
 you save a ridiculous amount of weed with pipes n stuff. especially if you pair them with a grinder
 that uncomfortable feeling when you amp yr parents are attending the same party amp the host tells you hes making weed treats for all
 you can do a lot with the color green.. wear it.. eat it.. smoke it..
 you cant smoke no black n mild with or get in the car with me 
 bitches love weed.. lol
 a friend with weed is a friend in deed
 especially if you come around with no weed and no liquor and you trying to drink off them
 it grinds my gears when girls smokin on sc and they immediately blow the smoke out like inhale
 i aint no joke i use to let the mic smoke  now i slam it when im done and make sure its broke
 drinking a duck duck juice by @sonomasprings @ smoke eaters   photo
 that weed must got him lifted. what he listening too 
 who at fader rn come find me in my pimp c shirt and smoke sum
 cant find no weed 
 popping pills  naw neck never . smoke a lil weed   might sip thats it tho man yall girls be dead ass wild 
 im not addicted to smoking weed i just like it.
 just smoked a joint w the bad guy from kindergarten cop
 i smoke alll my friends out all the time but they never wanna return tha favor and its wack
 i need sum friendz tht are down to jus pick me up n we go smoke n do whatever tf else we decide 2 do.
 @daisyycontreras omggg lets smoke
 the weed cant get no better
 probably just get drunk by myself smoke dope cook dinner bubble bath and chill watch movies date night w me myself and i 
 im from california. it means my weed is potent and all my bitches go up.
 i drink what you leak and i smoke what you sighhh
 bronson just said play that song that says i like everything  fast cars and weed talking ab addicted x gucci 
 id love to see what the average gpa is for kids who regularly smoke weed at my school. probably pathetic. but keep claiming weed is okay...
 im a newage celt  i dont drink  i smoke
 id rather have myself and smoke my homegrown. its got me addicted  does more than any dick did.  amyamyamy
 someone find me a plug out here in san fransisco and a friend to smoke with 
 its friday its dry asf i have no weed and im tf annoyed
 real friends let friends smoke without matching 
 rich the kid famous dex lil durk smokepurpp larry league maxo cream young nudy hoodrich pablo tomorrow finna be litty
 if you think trimp is good at anything  you must be smoking the same shit i smoke  
 i smoke so i wont flash so fast. but people love trying the keep.
 @ethantwhite my twitter is high on weed so tbh idek
 omw to the valley lets hang out and do the marijuanas
 im about to smoke with all my best friends 
 told this girl id meet her in midtown to smoke. im tired fuck that. 
 i highly doubt he smoke crack. yall know white people aint scared of anything other than black people 
 @yoshuadavis jesus.  smoke a blunt and enjoy a black and tan  son
 wow a close family friend of mine has stage 3 lung cancer and isnt even a smoker. life is crazy.
 andra is mad bc i smoked without him and smoked his black 
 @highlysuspect ur fellow nyc fam me will smoke u up at the ny show if u slide me that code just saying idk only a suggestion no pressure
 you really a joker smoker if you can roll more than 5 ls from an 8th. dont debate me 
 the chicks cannot hold the smoke thats what it is
 wow wish i had someone to smoke this blunt with @ my friends
 i havent even been wanting to smoke 
 party smoke with my best bud.  crazy lol.  @benbrunorose 
 i really do need to   who wants to come to gtown with me and smoke some   
 whats funny is smoking weed lowers testosterone so
 mf picked going to smoke weed over fixing a problem with his girl. i know where i stand now 
 he can keep the weed but i want one of those coronas though  livepd 
 free smokepurpp
 @ somebody you always wanted to smoke with
 i keep that glizzy who want smoke 
 im sad bc i lost my green container w weed 
 i need weed in my mf systemmmmm
 free smokepurpp
 @pteet1 @iluvspringtime @amymek this has to stop we must step up and weed out these bad teachers the kids have to tell the parents no afraid
 somebody come over and watch movies with me. i got weed and a bottle lol
 someone give me a ride to the liquor store and ill smoke and drink you out
 ima go get food and weed.. then ima chill
 i got this blunt in my lap   im too mad to even smoke cause i know ima still be mad afterwards so ima just chill
 im so mad i cant drink i can only smoke 
 got the crib to myself about to smoke and get down on that ps4 woe
 @arneydustin i legit thought it overdosed on weed or something... tf is wrong with me
 can somebody come over and bring a lot of weed plz i cant move
 @brikellz come smoke a blunt
 what girl is trying to smoke with me rn
 free smokepurpp 
 here we go... who flakes on an open invite to chill and smoke somebody elses shit backwards
 i cant find my inhaler and im wheezing like a smoker
 if you smoke cigarettes baby girl keep walking.
 everybody been blowing me today. i need to smoke or grab a drink.
 i never know where to get good gas n kc. everybody smoke dat bunk
 people are smoking weed at this party mom come pick me up
 the weed keep me sain
 isaiah think he finna smoke this black amp mild in my car..  no bueno.
 free smokepurpp
 i needa smoke lol
 why ya man tryna smoke me out isnt he supposed to be w you
 the smoke ring in clear lake is such a chill place
 when youre sick and cant go out so your best friend facetimes you so you can still be in the smoke sesh 
 tasia got my gars and the weed already for me tru friend
 like honestly if you sell weed youre cool. if you sell anything else youre a piece of shit. 
 when you lose your weed and spend 5 minutes looking for it then find it on the floor 
 me as a joke yo brandon can i come in your house  him oh yeah  you wanna come in and smoke a black or something  @kohlerbear99
 at a party.. super bored and cold. everyone keeps leave to go smokeweed. and i dont party drink so.... 
 cant wait to be snowed in tomorrow w mad weed
 do you drink or smoke 
  come ride with me and smoke this l baby  
 somebody lets smoke after i get off 
 @smokepurpp free smokepurpp 
 i want someone i could smoke hookah w.   drink w. amp vibe to throwbacks w. 
 i needa smoke or some im too stressed.
 tbh a girl who smokes is a big turnoff
 i just need 7 or 14 grams of some kill weed but weed man and everyone else probably drunk as shit.  im sober af mentally and physically 
 must be the ganja
 watching black mirror with friends  damn... do u think banksy smokes weed
 cant name a time when the elevators dont smwll like weed
 if i had a superpower it would be the ability to hide my own weed so well even i cant find it.
 youre my little girl who smokes all my weed  lmao my old man
 i cant fall asleep   might as well just smoke with my cousin 
 do any girls in denton want to come smoke rn  my treat
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a midnipass that mothafuckin blunt toker bruh loseasongstrainofthought
 finna smoke and listen thru every drake album.
 maybe smoking weed will save me from myself  or maybe ill just get fat and introverted
 not that theres anything wrong with being fat or introverted  just weed makes me feel those traits
 do you drink or smoke cause i know like to party
 j passed out and im bored someone come get smoked up and ill give you some bars and well  ayeee
 j passed out and im bored af someone come get smoked up and ill even give you some free bars ayeee
 true life im addicted to weed
 zeekytoya you smoke  i smoke. i drink. me too. all good.. me cause we gone get high tonightttttttttttt 
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive i smoke it everyday cause it keeps me alive
 somebody that can give me a dank ass massage should come spend the night with me ill smoke u out
 someone smoke w me im so lone fk
 i cant believe i forgot my weed
 lmaoooooo greg about that free smoke he aint want none at all 
 im tryna smoke or drink rn
 i need some weed n loud rn
 since 245 am smoke detector wont stop beeping and cant dismantle. legit living real life friends episode right now. might lose my mind. 
 too lazy to roll up. somebody come roll my weed for me please
 come through amp smoke a blunts with me
 come through and smoke blunts with me
 bruhhhhhh someone smoke me out rn
 who tryna smoke rn
 my cousins are the worst weed men they take forever
 someone come thru with weed food lean heroin coke
 weed is tight weed is tight
 that crucial decision to either wake up and smoke when pablo gets home from work in a hour or to keep sleeping 
 needa smoke it out
 @ohnoshetwitnt but that guy has banks of weed
 im a smoker...im a joker...oh youll love this one...knock knock... loseasongstrainofthought
 found some weed and rolling paper somebody pissed 
  somebody bring me some weed back here in these woods
 being raised right doesnt mean u dont drink  smoke  party.. it means u have manners amp u know how to keep yourself togetheryall extra
 orange pineapple marijuana infused sorbet come get some sorbet marijuanainfused 
 oh no  i might drink beer and smoke a black n mild today man  disgusting
 bad combo being horny and wanting to smoke one is the rest feeling ever ughhhh
 girls shouldnt smoke molly. especially pretty girls. fuck is wrong with ya
 tryna find some th0ts at smokepurrp tonight
 i need a girl who like food and  to smoke and watch gangster movies 
 dont text my best friend asking for weed  especially if you havent talked to her amp hate me
 @bigdaddycane420 how did you know that i did have a therapist when i was a kid. and she thought weed was the problem.
 i cant believe i ever laid a hand on them and best believe i will never have a friend who smoke.. u not gonna have me stankin boo
 its so hard not to have sex everyday braa i cant smoke i barely drink its like my only addiction but i understand
 why has it been so hard to find someone to smoke a blunt with me really
 me amp my brother were high asf last night tryna figure out if we smelt like weed 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girl friend. 
 should i smoke rn
 finna smoke me a joint amp finish my assessment for this job application 
 all you need is some weed and your friends.   thats a lot worth being around than some girl.
 all of the cool people will buy weed from the mexicans selling it in their vegetable street carts.
 albany girls are getting smoked rn
 we cant find no weed for the ride bacc 
 @donnabrazile russia again wheres theres smoke theres fire and i cant even see through the smoke
 drink for the feeling  smoke weed for the healing
 scratch that.... the things you learn in my community... i just cant believe a study is now grafted to justify more  marijuana invasion..
 i smoked w my mom and now shes asleep. she cant hang
 why so many ppl called me lastnight asking bout a weed man 
 cant help but lol at the people who are sharing the legalize marijuana in texas petition on facebook
 im just booling tonight smoke a kouple blunts amp bool wit the gang
 @amandajf i drink to enjoy  but i smoke for fun..
 cuh be havin the best smoke and i cant ever remember what i be saving his number ass
 free smoke for anybody on this imessage basketball tip even my cousin getting killed no mercy for nunayall  
 sold all the weed now im ready to locc up on gang
 would drink w a nigga do you smoke weed
 why am i searching so hard to smoke w someone when i could just smoke by myself 
 omg he asked a special needs girl on prom youre so cool   shes a normal girl not a fucking weird animal.. fucking dick weeds
 is it considered trashy or unattractive if a girl smokes weed
 always smoke whenever matt comes in
 who tryna smoke  come thru
 if you smoke at a gas pump you deserve to die.
 woke up pissed i smoked my preroll w hella people when i was lit 
 @graceburgener bc when u dont smoke being around cig smoke sucks
 new @alchemist tape means we need to smoke heavy and fuck around w a cypher
 hashtag come over and smoke w me
 @kingxerikk ale said to come thru and smoke here were alone
 smoking weed by yourself just isnt the same. eye be questioning everything in life. like why are hamburgers called hamburgers beef  ham 
 have you ever been to texas south by southwest where we can smoke a zip like we cant get arrested 
 you to young if you cant finish this line...  my name is joker habitual smoker i burn so many trees  that i have splinters in my toaster..
 im at park city mall weed men come thru
 dont try to smoke with me if you cant hang dog
 pa bound ampd need to smoke
 friendly with the chosen the rest is getting the poker hand face drinking smoker it help me duck when emotion jab
 when people try to talk to you while you smoking ltltlt bitch can i let the smoke out first
 drink and smoke on my lonely shit tn
 its like i cant keep a conversation with someone without them bringing up the fact that they smoke. 
 u mean he stuffed an ounce in a pre rolled cone that probably wont smoke... smh 
 if im anxious or depressed ill ruin your night without even trying and then wonder why youre mad. thank god for cannabis
 @ the guy in the chicago airport with the legalize gay marijuana shirt. i like you.  lets be friends.
 and smokepurpp is in austinn 
 also  im excited to smoke without having to do mission impossible shit.
 my uncles gender reveal party is at my house amp my other uncle took me to his house to smoke real quick. 
 grabbing rellos amp im sooooo scared to smoke i hope i can take it without killing myself
 some one just gave me a dime bag of weed for being a chill ass uber driver lol
 i cant never keep a weed man
 why does ever cute ass girl have to smoke 
 i wish i had the endz to have just one smoke session with @snoopdogg. people think i cant hang wit em just wait on it. chronic and bars
 i needa smoke a blunt
 let me smoke. before i say something out of line
 when ya best friend the edible plug  so the weed oil stay on deck gt
 no photography allowed ... weird to smoke indoors in california ... @ san pablo lyntton casino 
 anyone want to come down to yucca park in north side and smoke i dont feel like smoking by myself.
 so im about to go drink w a girl from work bc shes nice amp i keep flaking  but she dk i smoke or that im bat shit crazy so pray 4 me 
 somebody scoop so i can get to this  ill smoke you out 
 girl you need to chill.. smoke a bowl or something
 ive had 5 ppl now come up to me askin if i sell weed lmao sxsw
 whos in tampa lets chill i got trees that i cant smoke amp henny that i cant drink 
 come get some free smoke bitchhhhhh
 frfr  they be wanting smoke 
 drake coming at jay on the first song chai on free smoke
 free smoke on rn
 free smoke might be drakes best song ever dont @ me
 free smoke approved 
 free smoke was fye
 just gave the last of my weed to my moms friend cuz its her birthday amp she was sad .. and also likes weed
 free smoke was  but idk about this
 i kinda wish they woulda ran free smoke back tbh haha
 im feeling this free smoke song.
 i cant even roll my weed im so tired rn
 these lil girls smoking weed for the first time its so funny
 hate when i cant find weed 
 girls that smoke cigarettes 
 free smoke the best song off this shit so far
 never smoke w. new niggas.
 when yall smoke weed or anything please spray on something. like axe would help alot.
 needa smoke . asap
 my dad is comfortable to grind and smoke around me and idk how to feel about that 
 @sensanders we need to legalize weed it would save lives and stop familys from being hurt by mass incarceration.
 smoking pressure  you cant smoke wit me 
 morelife  go bruh. something really good to smoke to  
 @wackaroni how much weed do you need to smoke to get like this asking for a friend
 all i need are some wild adventures  cool friends and dope weed 
 never been this bored in my life atleast i get to smoke indoors
 son when you high you really do be dicking thats why i dont smoke before i do anything important
 so for no smoke is the only good song on more life
 lmao free smoke  is a top 3 song on the playlist @scottiebeam shit is  
 chuck ill smoke n drink for you
 i just smoked alone amp im sad asf bc im use to smoking w celeste
 yall cant smoke with us  
 @westsideallure thank ya  im tryin lol. just needa find some of this bay weed everybody hypin up and ill be solid
 this not smoking weed shit is going to be a challenge 
 free smoke is the best
 dam tbh who trynna smoke and drink some henny and just enjoy this album tonight  
 skin that smoke wagon and see what happens  well you just gonna to stand there and bleed or do something  
 if some one want d to come chill and smoke me out thatd be greatly appreciated
 inhale the weed and hold it for like 15 seconds ... intensify your night
 @nygelll free smoke the best song
 yeah so free smoke  portland  and do not disturb gotta be the best songs on this album for me  everything else good too though  shits solid
 if i drink  if i smoke. i keep up w the guys. amp youll see me holding up a middle finger to the world  yelling im not just a pretty girl
 free smoke is better than anything on views lol
 you smoke me asking you on a date
 im still waiting for somebody to prove me wrong about that tweet  everybody just blowing smoke right now
 soooo what to do. guess drink and smoke drink drink drink smoke drink smoke watch cutie vids of animals drink smoke oh drink again
 @elaw31 @trandell919 wow i was just about to smoke up and go challenge the biggest guy i could find to a fight. you saying rogan is wrong
 been stumbled upon a marijuana party and trick daddy going to perform 
 i smoke great weed amp i cant be beat in madden lmao
 here i am thinking free smoke is a chill intro to more life then that beat dropped and im instantly on one. its about to be a good lift
 so blessed to have people who leave me when i cant do anything for them anymore. blessed because i dont have to weed out the fakes myself
 can people get addicted to marijuana
 i can honestly say  weed have gave me the best abilities.. like naw fr
 niggas needa pull up amp smoke
 the smoke show from rootdownjax. i just love the cocktails from this place. igersjax voidlive 
 high asf  im ready to smoke again doe 
 niggas really be getting smoked out here woe
 what song is shorty singing at the beginning of free smoke that shit touched my soul morelife 
 i cant get past free smoke
 every girl you smoke weed with just suck in for like a second and immediately blows it out wtf come on
 somebody pull up and smoke me out. 
 i gotta find me some friend girls that like to go out and have fun... well really smoke and go eat but ya know.. whatever.
 yelich smoked that one. he must of read my tweet when i compared him to tebow. in my face.
 take me on a date idgaf if its to taco bell  shit ill even pay just put sum effort in.damn im tired of lets smoke and chill
 take me on a fr date  tired of lets smoke and chill shit ill even pay just put sum damn effort in
 i needa smoke lol
 free smoke  in my opinion  is drakes best hype song.
 when you dry amp your weed man partying for his bdaylt
 cbuh oh  voxs the weeds httpst.co1nvgt7wer4 sent via @castrepublic trypod
 i asked my cousin to get me some weed and i think she failing me 
 i dont smoke but i like it on everyone else  lmao
 arizona medical cannabis business expo | april 1213  get your tickets now   use code twee 
 do you ever just turn up your earphones and smoke like you on a deserted island
 come smoke me up
 the downstairs tenants keep smoking weed in the house and im really excited to get them evicted 
 idk what my life would be without weed
 everybody smoke 
 when people admit their feelings about you  you cant help but smoke
 hate going to places where u dont really know nobody cause i need to smoke man the shit aint a option really lmfso
 somebody got smoked out here today  niggas is wild lol
 really starting to wonder if i smell like weed all the time bc i think i dont but i might but im not sure. oh  asking for a friend
 why does everybody smoke cigarettes that shit is gross 
 that drake free smoke tuff
 bitch you cant even smoke no black amp mild w me ..
 @itssslo loll true words i cant wait either .. you only drink  do you smoke at all 
 my plans w people i would genuinely rob the sky for got canceled like 21 times this weekend so they could drink amp smoke god i love my life
 struggle of wanting to smoke but not wanting to roll up
 i just need some weed rn
 i think people really come to shows to stand outside and smoke
 i lose to tmdogshit dropping 11 with o smoked and get first blood 55 then my teammate gets shit on 1v1 for the l
 i gata say my favs are sacrifices  free smoke  amp cant have everything morelife
 someone come smoke wimme ill fye you up 
 when your friends just pull up and smoke a blunt 
 i cant stand a do u smoke ass nigga
 used to think weed solved all my problems until i met liquor..
 who can i buy weed from in homestead reveal yourself
 if she smokes blacks  dont trust her. especially wood tips
 someone just told me evan looks like smokepurpp lmao
 bruh really got a song called free smoke  you cant even have straps in canada  @pushat
 ive been wanting to experiment with weed this year and everybody let me down.
 someone come pick autumn and i up and hang and smoke 
 somebody come get me and lets smoke
 tonight im lookin for a party crowd slamminem back and laughin out loud where the smokes so thick them blues cant hang around 
 @awakemp4 im 5 and i still love weed puns sue me
 all these people want to smoke me out. i find it so funny.
 my cousin and i are tryna smoke but all the kids will snitch us out lol
 and smoke rn
 people who constantly party  drink  and smoke every day ltltlt  your life is looking great. 
 opening with free smoke and closing with do not disturb especially that last verse is powerful.... well done all around drake....
 i constantly think about deleting snapchat. idc what yall doing amp yall dont need to know what im doing.  all yall do is post food amp weed..
 the smoke detector keeps beeping and keeps saying low battery too what kind of high tech is this
 i dont get why people are so angry on the internet lol put your phone down and smoke some weed or something
 i cant smoke alone  shit weird
 true bros.   they waited for me to come back to smoke cuz i got the herb. im genuinely touched.  my friends.
 i need a weedman to come serve me some dope
 the instrumental on free smoke really gets me in my feelings.
 whos up lol lets smoke
 sometimes you have to find the longest butt in the ashtray and just smoke it. thats life  bud.
 shit idk man its probably the weed 
 my stoner head ass cousin really wants to come over and smoke rn 
 youre a bum if you rob people for fun especially if its over weed lmao
 my friend lost a fanny pack with 6 blunts in it  if someone finds it tonight.. smoke one for me 
 im drunk. ima needa smoke and pass the duck out.
 somebody smoke this blunt wit me.
 amp @ any crazy joeys.. that nigga dedsss has my weed i need it back rn  ..abort abort ..his ass.. not a baby
 i smoke fuck it i like it im sorry if you dont like smoke and we meet irl then i wont smoke around you but once im home bust one out
 i cant deal with how causal americans smoke weed  just like cigarettes. so inconsiderate for those around them.
 when you go to washington and arent 21 so you cant buy weed. and your cousin and her husband work for the police so they wont buy you any
 i smoke a lot of weed to keep these bitches off my mind
 just want a smoke session rn
 no lie  im so stoned i sat on a sofa with weed in my hand asking myself if i was going to roll something up or take a nap..
 @nixdad96 @networksmanager health insurance rates are based on your zip code  age amp if you smoke it will not lower rates
 @tiamindless i got some weed so now its a w
 she put me in debt for a little money i tried to show her how to live but she just wanted her weed i dont all anything in my place.
 im just tryna smoke and chill
 wish one of my friends were here so we could smoke on a rooftop n enjoy life
 lol i do this without havin to smoke that shot 
 shouldve waited to smoke that jay   now i need it more than ever
 mark my words.....i will smoke with jowell y randy someday
 think im about to smoke and just chill
 somebody come get me i got weed lol
 smoke sum weed to get up out my feelings
 look they have weed drinks 
 you would think im a pothead   but i swear im not . i cant hang when it comes to weed drinker  
 this city reeks of second hand smoke and angry people
 pissed off if yu wan smoke w me dis da perfect time to speak up
 i want the fair one with my weedman rn
 can a weed man come my way. i gotta go to the bank tho 
 drink my beer and smoke my weed  my good friends is all i need 
 bleep blip where my weed at
 just want someone that doesnt constantly smoke  drink  party  wanna have sex like its seriously so hard to find that these days.
 can someone meet me in albuquerque 3 hours from now and smoke me out lol
 @reganharlow come smoke a blunt with me i got a surprise and i need us to smoke a blunt
 @nerdjesse i try to do that too  but with social media  it can be really hard to weed people out without everyone else attacking you.
 my little cousin why does it say buy marijuana
 shawty come smoke one witcha potna
 my cousin how come you guys got to legalize weed and i dont get my phone
 first smoke of tha mornin
 let me tell ya bout my best friend... @ old crow smokehouse 
 freesmoke got me wanting to light a j amp sip virginia black. mind you  i dont smoke drink... but its just that fkn good. @champagnepapi 
 @bryansushiiiiii so good bro  free smoke best lyrically. cant have everything most hype
 i am so sick and tired of seeing tweets on my feed about @patrickhauf and what he thinks about weed and gpas 
 i need more friends to smoke with
 i need somebody to smoke with
 smoking weed and sitting outside the best feeling i swear
 friend goes to smoke a cigarette in my car  me 
 i fr just picked somebody up from church so we could smoke and then took them back like nothing even happened .  im going to hell.
 i can swear  i can joke i say whats on my mind if i drink  if i smoke i keep up with the guys
 someone smoke a blunt w ya girl 
 tryna figure out whats in this weed 
 fuckkk i cant stand the smell of cig smoke
 this new free smoke song by drake got everybody feelin like they hittas lol 
 hyped to help write the chronicles biggest jump into the cannabis world yet. go check out green 
 i smoke to keep my mind off the the bs
 somebody banging before we get this weed in houston
 while i could do without the first 40 seconds of free smoke  more life is good music.  even better as two playlists one hype  one chill.
 niggas dead ass be locked up for failing a piss test i cant say free you cause you couldnt leave the weed alone and better yo self
 free smoke the best song on the album
 come smoke that mf wit me my boy 
 lmao at personalized ads on instagram  weed is medicine for people who need to quit the shit doctors feed us like c 
 all my friends are dead cause none of em wanna pick up the phone and smoke some blunts with me 
 ive come to a point were i wont smoke the l if its not finessed
 listens to a song that mentions weed  mom this addi reason you like marijuana  me 
 drake got only one good song in his album and thats free smoke
 i dont wanna go to work ugh why cant i just smoke at the host stand
 free smoke  the only song i like from the album everything else  not for me
 need a female friend to smoke with
 fuck this war on drugs and trump i live 3 blocks away from the projects and still cant find a dime bag of weed.
 no weed no friends fuck ...
 hello i just went 24hr without smoking weed and it is causing me to wild out online if u didnt notice
 just smoke and get this boring sunday over with 
 rent a super car for the day drive around wit ya friends smoke a gram of that haze
 i need friends to smoke with 
 i ran out of quotes tbh also i dont smoke so you can calm your organs @ sainteustache  quebec 
 or smoke a blunt and youll be as happy ass can be 
 the girl singing at the start of free smoke is so aesthetically pleasing.
 i promise we will crucify you... on some roman shit. you and her. cant get em wavy tho. im in the bx if anyone want smoke.
 @sharl1n its okay though  i stole some of his weed
 i dont mind drinking socially    but i would never smoke anything thats just nasty af
 i need more friends that will smoke with me.
 free smoke  no long talk  cant have everything  glow
 @janeyygirrrl if you smoke and try and quit with the patch youll have some really weird fucked up dreams
 where my weed lmao
 just smoked the best tasting weed i ever had in my life
 @cmiller this is done to save money and it doesnt  i believe helping the addicted is great  especially opioids but weed is bad
 friends wanna smoke me yeah come over friends okay but i dont got bud me i got you  me wanna smoke friends got bud to match
 arkansas dont want no smoke w the gang 
 if anyone wants to smoke wd in the canyon while i read yr tarot with my new deck this afternoon hit my line...sub free boys come thru 2
 i dont smoke   drink  club. i go to school and work and my parents still give me a hard time  cant never fucking win
 i wish more of my family members smoked
 people in my generation who smoke cigarettes  blow my mind...
 lets smoke amp chill
 kids dont miss anything disclaimer the bag had cheetohs in it not weed 
 another joke of smoke and mirrors to pump their points 
 i smoke i drank im supposed  to stop but i cant im a dog i love hoes and im addicted to money  cars and clothes
 im a joker  im a smoker   im a miiiiidnight toker
 yall think the weedman gon be tight when i give his ass 300 in singles  
 i gotta find something new to smoke in till i buy a bong
 my mom knows i smoke weed  but gets mad that i keep getting tattoos... 
 omg  getting cannabis ads on my facebook feed cause were in washington whatever floats your boat
 in the 70s i read it for paul hemphill  dick schapp  antiestablishment vs si 
 haha wtf my mom left my cousin a voicemail saying hey ash  maybe we can get together n smoke some pot or somethin u let me know  
 whomst wants to smoke sum weed w me and has a vicinity in which to smoke it 
 yall be ready for this season my team bringing the smoke too all yall
 best believe ima get that free smoke out n go about my day happy af kid you thought i hit em wit the try again next time bihh
 do you drink or smoke
 i feel free. hold up wtf. im listening to free smoke as im feeling this right now. thats crazy.
 someone hit me up and lets smoke or something tonight 
 @djkro @djhighclass marijuana my friend.
 somebody come over and smoke.
 how dare you theres really nothing left to say so im gonna smoke anything that drink everything they serve. set me up amp knock em down
 if you think about it the scooby doo gang is just a bunch of hippy pot smokers who chill with their plug shaggy just looking for monsters
 how dare you theres really nothing left to say  so im gonna smoke anything that burns drink anything they serve set em up amp knock em down
 idk whats wrong wit my body like its like i cant smoke no more without my stomach hurting ..
 drinks no but i cant be with a smoker 
 i rather smoke and drink than love somebody again. 
 bae w tha weed amp nasir w tha paul 
 when you thought you were out of weed but then you find a pre rolled on your purse 
 when you think you were out of weed but then you find a pre rolled in your purse 
 placebo a friend in needs a friend indeed  me a friend with weed is better 
 im just tryna smoke rn 
 i finally find my happy place to work  write  smoke  hang  and play cards and theyre closing er down. such a damn shame. ripjeffreys
 its a must to smoke one of my joints
 this is the song where you just sit on the beach w someone u like and just smoke a big fat joint 
 so weird when you like to drink but your bf and friends like to smoke lol
 why we chillin w smokepurpp rn
 i smoke the best dope  
 smoking guy walks up to ask us for directions. i walked away without a word leaving my friends to answer. stop treating smokers as humans
 listen i gotta bag of collard greens tf i look like being scared ill smoke my blunt and do wtf i do. factsmatter
 edgar had an l rolled and waited for me and eddy to come home before he smoked it...  brother goals
 need new friends to smoke with
 i really need a smoke like rn  im 3 secs away from clicking rn...
 ima find me a new weed man
 meg is my only female friend that smokes like me  everyone else got bbylungs 
 someone be my friend and lets smoke 
 hate coming out looking for weed amp cant find none 
 wish @shelbydanay would come smoke this blunt w me
 someone pls smoke me out rn 
 @izigarcia weed is better than steroids. you cant even feel punches. rogan told me man so you know its legit.
 didnt really smoke  but when i rolled it up you hit it  and we lit up
 need new friends to smoke with 
 hes def on something stronger than weed.. 
 tryna smoke to more life with somebody but no ones down.
 take weed i cant w my sister rn. 
 want a female friend i can hang and smoke with
 thats the shit that kills me about weed mans...how tf you gone tell somebody to come to you and you start bullshitting
 my best friend jamies gay so i smoke and gossip with him like a female but sometimes its not the sameeeee
 rn.. i want all the smoke 
 if you barely smoke being high is the best feeling ever
 bruhh i love the people i work w right when we get off amy smoke some or what 
 type of friends god gave me whomst keep up with me 247  stay up long nights to smoke and talk about life  and travel the world with me...
 cant believe ganja is legal here
 everyone this is dan one of his dreams was to meet me and if he could smoke  some of his home 
 i needa smoke asap
 can anybody come scoop from pueblo tomorrow in the morning ill smoke ya out
 trying to smoke w somebody 
 come smoke with me
 cant even smoke without thinking about you this really might be the end of me.. i smoke to forget my problems to feel good..but i just cant
 facedrinking  smoker  it help me duck when emotion jab. fame is the culprit who give me drugs without owing cash
 where im from hell get his dumb ass smoked. yall needa stop thinking this white ppl saying nigga shit is cool. 
 i need to smoke rn
 giving me all this weed .. taking me and my friends places 
 sos.... landed in la and need weed 
 i mean   its better to smoke w your parents than to be smoking somebody elses shit not knowing they mightve lace 
 do you drink or smoke  
 @nowthisisliving its called a smokers balcony i think l o l cuz we arent snap friends i had to tweet this message 
 yall in vegas killing girls over weed smh
 free smoke. no inhalation. you see the milk dud shining. 
 if sadie was here id have someone to smoke w me right now 
 the hank accidentally does weed episode is on @adultswim rn and i literally could not be happier
 tell me hank  why do ya drink  to get drunk  why do you roll smoke  to get high 
 i dont even smoke but @warmcigarette is the best account on the internet
 this one is going too far  especially given states decriminalization of marijuanathc. 
 @zaidalyn lmaoo na cant have everything and free smoke
 lets turn up on deez bitches... lets smoke something.. lets pop something... wit all deez bitches... @1future voice
 passionfruit. free smoke. sacrifices. cant have everything rt @mrjoncee what song from more life have you been going back and replaying
 had a dream someone stole my naked smoker palette. terrifying.
 where can i find weed this fucking early 
 ima smoke some pot n get back to ya.... u sit tight.
 my parents know i smoke but thats where we draw the line to weird ..... 
 i wish i had somebody too smoke wit in the mornings
 youre so busy spewing bad vibes you cant even see everyone choking on the smoke
 since way back amp do not disturb is the best songs on free smoke
 steam both sides of the l freeze smoke rings and they hail sleet snow grind for the wealth
 free smoke is probably my favorite song rn
 example im in class and the teacher asks if anyone of us smoke and this girl said no and now that were out here she needs a cigarette.
 cant maintain without no weed in me
 i need more friends to smoke weed with up school 
 when it comes to weed  
 lol where there is smoke
 hank williams jr hank why do you roll smoke  me to get stoned 
 yall i aint smoked a black n mild since friday
 free smoke the best song on more life
 bruh this smoke detector keep going off wtf
 youre just a ghost of blissful feelings  a could of smoke that i keep breathing. 
 if she dont listen to smokepurpp she aint da one.
 the committee on marijuana policy holds their first public hearing. find out the concerns of advocates and lawmaker 
 sounds amp smoke hoodrich pablo   by @shaughncooper sxsw hoodstock3 
 sounds amp smoke hoodrich pablo   by @shaughncooper sxsw hoodstock3 
 sounds amp smoke hoodrich pablo   by @shaughncooper sxsw hoodstock3 
 im not easily impressed so with that being said weed  liquor or flashing money will just have me saying oo ok and 
 i could smoke like 15 blunts to the dome rn.
 cant have everything or free smoke 
 @foxnews @repadamschiff how bout going after hillary known corruption she lost fair amp square the ppl see thru your bs smoke screen cover up
 i cant get passed free smoke 
 yall ever smoke over 300 woods a year  i smoke 399  just to keep me sane throughout all the night
 come out and smoke guys
 its time because the wh is in the weeds. 
 this weekend was a gr8 example of how beer makes u retarded and cannabis makes you chill i didnt see any pot heads puking and tweaking
 yes after they find out they smoke they shouldnt be the first one to make their kids hit the dope. 
 but i cant  smoke soooo
 my name is joker  habitual smoker...
 idk i just find it so disrespectful you come to my house to come smoke and you leave the roach and ashes on my floor
 @ogburdi i dont need anything that strong haha i dont smoke much plus my matabolism is fast  i havent smoked in like a week rn
 steam both sides of the l  freeze smoke rings when they hail
 i didnt know you could have smoke without there being a fire  help me with this one . more bs from the wh
 should i smoke salvia on periscope lmao
 deleted those tweets not sinking to immaturity. ill enjoy my mikes and my house while you still live with your parents smoking that weed
 broward weed the best weed 
 free smoke is one of drakes craziest songs out of his whole discography... like everything that hes worked for is shown in this one song
 drake murdered free smoke tbh
 lou got the weed  kt got the dust. peso otw rn widda mid truck  bo got the hard but u gotta have at least a dub
 im about 50 feet from the building  but its sometimes impossible to see it through the smoke. 
 just smoke kush  problem solved
 i need someone whos down to smoke a l and jam to @montanaof300 at all parts of the day 
 j.f.k with some og in the front  lets smoke
 drake snapped on the song free smoke
 i cant even get passed free smoke smh
 @itszoeok i mean i smoke woods so its whatever but sometimes a nigga wants a dutch 
 if you cant live without weed thats sad af
 @kaylabluee girl yesss that part lmao.  but we always gotta be so lowkey bc were such criminals  nah fam we just like to smoke
 think its funny how everyone asks me to smoke then they like awwe shit u have work lol like it makes a difference nigga spark that shit
 me i smoke too much weed  i cant get high homie yes  you can m no wait  why dont you believe me h well 1s 
 @teoastar bro u cant smoke without it doe 
 you dont have to express every emotion .. just smoke some shit off and charge it to game .
 you dont have to express every emotion .. just smoke some shit off and charge it to game .
 honestly drake only went fool on 2 songs... free smoke amp cant have everything
 @therealxpac come smoke with me
 whos tryna smoke these woods w me really quick
 everybody smoke now lol
 wasnt nobody smoking in school lol couldnt pay somebody to smoke with me
 so  wait.  hes not healthy enough to live in prison  yet a dude who smokes a joint... bribery criminal  
 one of them deals where a guy chain smokes on his break at work
 if i can smoke and vibe to wild love with you  then i fucks with you
 takes good fertilizer to enjoy a healthy garden. a few weeds too  be fertilizer  be the gardener. or b ackman poss 
 my mind is my greatest strength  i feel its nothing i cant do.  smoking weed is my weakness because it makes me l 
 @morease kids are driving me to smoke  drink  rob a bank  and kill trump.
 kids are driving me to drink  smoke  rob a bank  do baths salts and kill trump
 cant stand i drink but i wont smoke or i smoke but i wont drink ass people
 as a teamugly member   i want to inform you guys that weed is now legal for us ugly people   if you are attractive its still illegal 
 why was everyone hyping free smoke its really not even good 
 free smoke is the best rap song drake s come out with in a while
 addicted like hennessy   addicted like weed
 @angeelinajoiie stop saying brad pitt is a bad father second hand smoke is your name  not mother
 havent adjusted yet to an empty house very boring...who trying to come over smoke amp chill call of duty or 2k maybe go for a swim hmu
 you cant roll or break up the buddha ducking quit smoking weed aint for you dawg tired of rolling niggahs shit cant even be a good loser
 @angeelinajoiie with no breasts you look like a cigarette  brad pitt is tired of you lady smoke stack all you do is shoot heroine tar lungs
 everybody sell weed now lol
 drink my beer and smoke my weed but my good friends is  all i need
 @angeelinajoiie you are the thot queen. no one wants to sleep with an old thot brad pitt ran for his freedom from your second hand smoke
 deposits always come first fuck that weed
 got two blunts. probably gona smoke em both alone bc thats how im feeling.
 i cant wait for my homie weedings
 dougie and i reak..and someone at the restaurant says smells like my kind of weed..
 let me go smoke before love and hip hop come on
 wifey isnt a girl who smokes w you amp fucks u whenever  wherever. wifey is a girl that motivates u amp makes sure u aint slippin in life.
 im watching videos of people smoking weed on the bus right now and the old guy next to me cant see to keep his eyes off my phone hmmm
  i need a friend 2 smoke n gett food w me
 shit doe someone come smoke.
 someone come over amp smoke with l with me i hate smoking dolo
 if yall are real friends someone go smoke a blunt with leah and help her move her stuff to her new house
 so can they smoke on bcg or no cos i cant go.
 i wish more people liked to ride around amp smoke amp listen to music. or at least none of the ppl who like to do that are my friends
 the weed and sex is supposed to keep the stress away.
 everybody  smokey back here taking a shit  
 im smoking with my uncles amp cousin amp one if my uncles telling me how dc got the best weed amp to always go to him to cop lol
 about to get this weed amp have a date wit my girl. in my car. feat blunts  music amp our wild conversations  my faveeee 
 i hate not having weed my anxiety is so unbearable rn and i have a algebra phone call in 15 minutes someone please save me
 unchecked greed will ruin us wall street and big banks need regulationthe short term gains are a smoke screen of future economic ruin
 ificouldmaketimestandstill id clear out banks vaults pharmacies and weed dispensers
 all i need is a bag of weed just something chill  some company
 im so glad i smoked before watching beauty and the beast 3d  i was so lit singing all those songs
 now kids are doing the weed drug because they say oh tom hanks did it in 1982 or whatever so it must be cool  mazes and monsters
 someone come smoke n get some food with me 
 i cant believe i brought my weed to class 
 no funny none of my friends from harlem smoke its annoying 
 u know u aint got any hoes when u cant even find some to smoke out 
 i smoke to find myself.
 my friends were so over me yesterday. they know i dont smoke amp they got the best of me. im physically and mentally tired. like.
 its like these soft as kids was scared to come to jonesboro south to get some weed  but was cool wit me doing it for em
 i cant do shit that deals with weed 
 rolled the gas and facing it hotbox dont let the smoke out
 i could smoke a blunt rn thebreaks but i changed lol
 i hate when ppl be cooking amp the smoke burns your eyes
 how hard is it to find some fucking weed
 i dont smoke that  but for you id do anything so lets roll that
 cant wait for the smokepurpp lil pump show 
 someone come be a real one and smoke me out 
 all im really tryna do rn is smoke and play 2k
 being able to smoke in my crib is something im sooooo looking forward to
 what else did you smoke first 
 i cant sleep for shit without weed and its so annoying
 free smoke is the best song off of more life
 parents drink with their kids  why not smoke too 
 somebody bring me a shell  i got weed
 i always hit someone up before i decide to smoke alone.  sharing iz caring
 @bunbunss lmao you dont count ill smoke whatever u roll
 man smoke rings is such a powerful song. it hits me right in the gut every time. damn.
 somebody come smoke that shit
 if yall are looking for the girl from drakes free smoke...i got ya with this fire group  
 so fucking excited to be going to the cannabis cup in colorado for 420 with my best friend @kaystew8 
 honestly free smoke by drake is one 1 of 3 songs that ill ever like by him
 sad and frustrated when friends continue to smoke
 some see weeds. . . . . . . arizona igerstucson nature shutyouraperture adventure tucson 
 im stressed im scared i need to smoke lol
 the amount of people that come into work amp wanna smoke w me is astonishing lol
 lets smoke. dont be scared
 i need more friends that smoke 
 yup the weeds come to u 
 cant nonchalantly smoke anymore either. smh
 @kyylagoodman right people keep asking if i smoke 8 packs a day 
 lets smoke in the morning i got some    the real one best text
 i think everybody should smoke weed at a respectable age 
 especially if a female smoke man or drink 
 i just want a gf so i can smoke with her while singing love songs 
 this marijuanainfused  nutellalike topping can be spread on anything and everything 
 adventures with the homie @winterwolfy donuts  a cliff  and for some reason underage girls with weed
 why do girls think weed its free
 why do girls think weed is free  
 @the5throbin i know the feeling i cant smoke in the wifes car either
 separation anxiety with weed nshit ... sometimes i be feeling like thats all a nigga need nshit
 @xterrawebeditor opportunities to get both of us out there we are cannabis families
 i smoke to keep it mello  i drink to keep it mello  everyday i keep it mello
 im really not gunna be able to smoke or drink for like a month ahhahahaha
 tony smoked me out and bought me nuggets. he a real one 
 if i ever see my daddy ima get on his ass an then smoke a blunt with his ass 
 idk why people wanna smoke w mak she smokes mids
 come thru to pick up that fire and get your late night smoke on with us before we close its420somewhere
 a friend of mine told me i smoke too much so i sent her this  bout to blaze it rn 
 i rolled a bunch of weed for this. yes yes
 takes one shot why did i ever drink in high school lets smoke weed. @stephaniejanean
 @speedweed send me some weed and ill tweet some really weird shit
 how do ppl who dont drink or smoke cover their feelings without punching a whole thru a wall or lighting themselves on fire 
 locked up my truck in sanfernando. picked up ma friend... heading home now to smoke.. alarm set at 530 cause heading out to frisco. get it.
 i cant fw you loud ass annoying cunts. smoke some reefer n calm tf down man
 you cant smoke no black n mild with me get in the car with me 
 come smoke and drink beers with me
 there were smoke detector problems in the home  our friends @pdxfire helped rectify the problem before we left. 
 cant believe i forgot my mf weed.. im pissed tf off
 after ya smoke hell yeah  these the best kind of dates lol. where all the littest convos happen .. 
 can someone smoke me out i needa get my mind straight
 on everything if you smoke like this around me im snatching that damn blunt out ya hands 
 @hedasanvers i hope she keeps an eye on her food if she gets sidetracked the smoke detector thats on the counter isnt going off.
 i love smoke but i cant stand the bitch 
 alright twitter one like and i go smoke this weed rn
 even the healthiest plants cant flourish unless you feed  weed and water . . . tend your garden
 free smoke start off like a gospel song  but its good 
 really just want to smoke and go to sleep. but everybody in the city is either dry or sleep 
 i dont smoke weed at all but i believe it should be legal  i smoke cigars and i believe tobacco should be outlawed.  howboudah.
 somebody come smoke a blunt with me
 cutting season  let me get this weed eater
 im sick asf. i cant talk without sounding like i just smoked too much
 the weed i smoke have everybody around me high 
 free smoke the only song going on my playlist
 idgaf. if you smoke squares  i cant fwy.
 omg   all my friends smoke dick
 must be the ganja 
 @richardbranson cannabis families
 cant believe i ate a whole weed brownie 
 it is  especially if you smoke  
 sure  blame the weed. lame excuse. heres some advice dont tweet while stupid. 
 the biggest problem in the cannabis industry is not banks or laws  its professionalism.
 cant wait to take this drug test so i can smoke multiple blunts to my face immediately after
 i be in the house smoke an ounce i cant fuck with yall
 im so use to facing my blunts i just cant smoke with 2 or 3 ppl 
 all this smoke cant be good for my lungs
 i was lucky enough to go to the cemetery with a couple friends last night amp smoked a couple blunts w you amp brought you your fav nos drink 
 someone come smoke a cig a drink some coffee with me on my patio
 you know it has been a busy morning when a puff smoke comes out of your computer monitor    productive
 a family that smokes together...
 i smoke a lot of funnel i be going thru shit  i like that strong hit
 yea but did they ever actually get there or were they like everything else under obama all smoke 
 my name is tha joker habitual smoker
 i needa smoke a wood 
 someone in arizona smoke us out
 just smoke  caold arms  broadshouldered beasts  and monster are the best songs on wilder mind mumford amp sons
 just smoke  cold arms  broadshouldered beasts  and monster are the best songs on wilder mind mumford amp sons
 why every time you meet somebody from colorado they swear they know everything about weed. i be like dame can we just smoke it.
 why every time you meet somebody from colorado they swear they know everything about weed like damn can we just smoke it.
 these guys in my stats class who are comparing how much they can smoke are so annoying  no one caressss
 goin thru tha motions  no one  there to guide you  go head light the weed  play sum shit that u can ride  to
 goin thru tha motions  no one there to guide you  go head light the weed  play sum shit that u can ride to
 @nickkburris when you throw me money for weedpay for my drinks 
 @vnasty yall come smoke w me 
 idk what imma smoke this weekend
  dad pls stop drinking those weird purple drinks and roll a blunt rn so we can smoke
 who tryna smoke or match or something a nigga in the crib bored
 your mcms favorite song on more life must be free smoke cause thats all he asks for 
 gabby has this power to get anyone she comes across to smoke her out. i dont understand it
 herewegoagain off the best cartridges in the game from the xtractology710 fam smoke any and 
 i really dont see myself having a problem with my kids smoking weed  they just gotta be 18
 w2 my dead spanish niggas got da best weed
 all i do on my lunch is smoke my wax pen lol hella lame
 youll never see me post money  weed  or guns. doing stupid shit just aint me
 i will say it again cutting foreign aid to fundthe military is like cutting the smoke detector budget to buy a new 
 tennessee medical marijuana bill is dead because senate is scared  lawmaker says 
 @technoboi69 i like to smoke n chill so im good then lol
 trumps push to get marijuana legalized faster is bad as well. cutting alot of our school funding
 all my lil cousins smoke
 ppl just need to smoke more weed. chill with your depression anxiety frustration n roll up
 baby you can come ride in my 535i we can smoke and fuck in this beamer
 i do not piss around when i go to brittners smokehouse 
 @flgovscott where the weed at  whats the hold up
 @hailietassinari dont let the man bring you down. come smoke this l
 @micahsaurusrex idk why but im really thrown off by people that dont smoke weed lol 
 bb sparks her cigs amp i smoke weed and we just chill hahahahahaha
 my little cousin on the phone telling me about how she bought weed from her boyfriend and he gave her some crumbs s 
 my bank teller is talking about smoking weed w me 
 wish the same 4 ppl i hang out w most often didnt always leave at the same time what the fuck who do i smoke with guys @pdaddynthehyena
 id love to smoke a blunt with my therapist tbh
 smoke a lot of weed to keep these niggas off my mind
 me and my cousin just doing a bag of weed in her trash and she goes ive been looking for that 
 i cant even find anyone to smoke with rn like what the fuck is this
 free smoke is the best song of drakes album dont @ me
 when your friends know youre upset so they smoke bowls amp jam w ya @marissafautt01
 somebody smoke some
 yo if emily real deal smoke me out  g.o.a.t
 i had a friend who used to fake smoke  were no longer cool  how you got the audacity to be fake high lol
 idk why i have a twitter because all i do it tweet about food  weed  and my man...
 dome some smoke  ease ya mind
 honestly if i dont have weed just gimme a bottle of nyquil
 somebody smoke me amp jahnae out
 dont plan on smoking weed every day in college like you do in high school unless you got rich parents  a job on campus  or great friends.
 amp he gone keep it real w me  trill w me   pop a pill w me   smoke a blunt amp lay w me if shit get hettic spray w me 
 cant wait until i can use my cvs card to get savings on cvsbrand generic weed.
 the best dates are the ones where you smoke amp then go eat.
 i really be chilling amp smoking my la weed.
 i honestly rather smoke an l to the face than match up with other people
 @greers come smoke and chill with me and kailah
 come through we got weed.
 someone smoke some weed with ya girl
 @ninagia i feel priveleged to smoke that.  nina to brandon on his rolling skills
 me when i smoke w my friends  
 stopping at that smoke shop in king city was the best decision ever lol
 you might cant be my main girl  but you could smoke something with me doe.
 its so un attractive  to smoke cigarettes 
 and they still let us keep our weed  
 robot accounts are not fans clout  or stats  miss me wit the bullshit  im seriously done  my old ass got weed to roll up 
 @asiabean you guys cant smoke in here
 i really cant get wit a female that doesnt smoke lmao that shit would be wack as fuck
 idk wdf i want. but i need to smoke
 @mobilevillain somebody told me weed might help but idk
 you cant eat sushi  you cant smoke  you cant smoke marijuana  you cant smoke crack  you cant jump on a trampolin 
 dont deserve to smoke no more tbh 
 @9cards ok. theres exceptions for my kid  women  shoes and weed.. but like everything else
 i swear now that im back in the valley the urges to smoke weed and be on twitter are high. boring ass city 
 overheard in turnstiles at columbus circle girl to friend today is tuesday ...  friend mhm girl need to get some weed.
 you females crazy asf blood   smokin weed while pregnant   what the hell wrong with yall ass
 i need a black since i cant smoke weed nomore 
 after work smoke @lfdcigars lanox on deck 
 its mad cool when my older brothers friends dont know how to close a door properly but can smoke 5 blunts in a row no problem
 hank williams jr so dont ask me  hank  why do you drink  me to get drunk  hank hank  why do you roll smoke 
 30 tho the real celebration comes in late april amsterdam im smoking all your weed lol vacay 420 
 who wants to come over and smoke a ton of weed with me once im off work
 las vegas if you need tickets to the hemp fest..we got em get your tickets now amd we will 
 damn i just remembered i cant smoke weed on 420........thats fine perc 30s for the w
 when you wanna smoke but your bank account like 
 want to smoke so i can slump
 im bored in the crib by myself like somebody come smoke 
 so to smokepurpp for following me
 when you meet someone else that smokes weed 
 whyyy is it so hard to find weed out here 
 i needa smoke a blunt and forgot about the ol times
 i cant just smoke anything 
 always get stuck staying up waiting for my nigga to smoke wit his cousins 
 wassup w everybody wanting smoke w @lilyachty 
 wish i had somebody to smoke wit me 
 any smoke you got with me ima just send it to my daddy he dont mind he go so hard for me
 if anyone else make a tweet about this best friend stuff they getting smokedits ridiculous now
 tha weed tha weed
 i forgot he rolled my weed before he left
 @travisduke3412 ive never done anything. drink  smoke  anythig.
 i heard one of the cooks at work asking the other if i was una lesbiana bc i wouldnt go to his house and smoke mota w him gringaprobs
 @travisduke3412 ive never done anything. drink  smoke  anything liars go to hell
 have a girl a compliment and she asks if i got any free weed.. no hoe
 you fw niggas that drink 40s and smoke sweets  get you a me  i drink henny and smoke bwoods wtf no bye
 . . i need somebody to smoke w. 
  my dawg . you so funny man i havent smoked w u in forever. ill be at your crib tomorrow  see you there lmao
 just found out that dangelos song brown sugar is about weed lol
 cant find any weed .. probably going to spazz out in a few
 friend who tryna smoke   me  
 rt if you know someone who smokes joes.
 i love that one song they they have about how cool it would be to smoke weed. 
 texan no smoke ring  over cooked  bad color  too dry.. anything else 
 someone come smoke a blunt w me amp lets bump to a boogie
 i love being accused of being a bad kid when i dont smoke  drink  party etc but 
 now that i cant smoke.. its annoying seeing other people smoke their lives away. like do something with ur life
 i cant wait to smoke some budd in colorado. wonder if its even as bomb the cali. guess we will find out soon
 i only smoke weed nun else lol...that other stuff yall be doing have yall tripped tf out
 theres really people in jail for weed  fucking wild
 damn i need to smoke bad rn
 i just realized  i have a connect for everything but weed...literally anything else but weed
 you cant say that marijuana is bad when it is the only thing that helps my period cramps  blessed
 so now my friend not chilling amp i got no weed
 my nigga didnt come through with this smoke sesh
 i have been wanting to smoke from an apple lol
 leslie is the only girl i know who smokes and immediately wants attention and to cuddle like girl bye
 smoking bomb weed while @nickiminaj streams thru my headphones. 
 that sounded like one of those psychedelic songs  like one youd smoke weed to. guy after i sang i ran by flock of seagulls at karaoke
 all i do is smoke and try to come up
 feeling very wavy rn thanks american pharmaceuticals amp medical marijuana.
 girl i see u lets smoke a cig at the park... haha 
 find somebody to smoke wit and then go to work 
 best muscle car  best road movie and best country song ever pontiac firebird  smoke and the 
 cuz i could smoke rn lol
 dhs is wack asf always windy  cant even smoke a joint
 just tryna smoke w my girlz tbh
 all the girls out here hit the weed
 roommates offered to smoke me out rn smh
 you guys  imagine life without marijuana 
 @huffingtonpost get drunk party and eat beef. smoke pot and watch netflix.  dont do anything
 smoking is not chilling idc what no one says. if someone hits me up to smoke im not gonna be like he tried to chill  no
 putting some weed and feed on the lawn. asking god for guidance and letting the dog out for a 
 i rolled up and let the smoke puff i lay down and told ya hold up  i get too chocked up when i think of old stuff
 i drink good  but i smoke better
 i needa smoke a joint in the sun
 @plainricedinner i dunno  this one i cant really agree on.  we have the best smoked fish in my hometown in wisconsin. midwest does it best.
 yall pay for school only to not go to class and drink  smoke and twerk.... waste of time do better
 free smokepurpp  @lilpurpp1017 
 without hard work  nothing grows but weeds.
 im w all the smoke 
 it sounds so funny hearing my songs when i say im smoking in the verses  higher thoughts will be my last project with me saying i smoke 
 some kids are in it a rude awakening .....you cant just not work and sell drugs all day and smoke blunts ....get a job smh
 i always smoke before i go to the barbershop cause these niggas be clowning in there
 theres a special place in hell for people who smoke cigs in a drive thru.
 you wound up a lil too tight  just smoke a blunt a chill out baby lol
 also smoke weed its tight
 legally cant smoke a plant that god put on this earth  but i tear my meniscus and im prescribed an opium pill that i can get addicted to.
 its really girls who will fwy just to smoke yo weed
 i was waiting for class and these kids were arguing who had the most lifted truck. ill smoke both these kids and take their cousins
 i feel like everybody should just get together and smoke a blunt peacemaker 
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a midnight toker.
 i could smoke like n0thing around everyone amp everywhere
 i then got told some great stuff so i mines well go down there smoke they weed and chill one weekend
 doctordid she drink out of straws did she smoke me shes a good kid she doesnt drink out of straws 
 lol... you are more likely to look for food or try to jump down a building with weed intoxication than drink more a 
 @thecommonsaige come over and draw  we can blast gorillaz and smoke blunts 
 people know smoking is unhealthy. you cant smoke in public. tobacco tax is high. now what we need to change socia 
 i wish my mom would understand that i dont smoke weed to be a stoner i smoke weed not to be a crazy person and to chill tf out lol
 tbh hate it when ppl smoke and you can smell their aroma around you 
 journalism  the problem of environments that have been smoked in ....  please dont smoke around me circa 199293
 come get these laughs tonight @ ricks rolling smoke bbq with your host @stevemcomedy and a 
 i keep my weed in my sock just in case a opp try me 
 cause everyone already smokes 
 i smoke and vibe out to the tunes. no better feeling.
 woke up to realize i dont have anything to smoke
 @ilovemakonnen5d ill pay the fee for your meet n greet if you come arizona  makonnen please do and well smoke up
 welcome to barnacle bills where the smell of weed over powers everything else in the kitchen
 this what yall ladies think when we ask .  im just asking cuz im trynna pick you up go smoke somewhere nice wit 
 bruh girls be givin up pussy just to smoke w them  
 i want to smoke with someone really cool and that i can talk to 1 on 1 bc when im high in groups i cant talk and get anxiety lol
 @pulse1077 they drink or smoke.
 cheli keeps telling me to remind her to buy a scale but all i can think of when she says scale is the one edgar has for his weed 
 i really need to find that hilarious video of the dude thats in a blonde wig and is like.. bossy  idk. help. hes smoking weed in the 1 vid
 everyone always asks me to leave class to smoke with them but i always have to skip out bc i cant get caught up again and it sucks ass
 jerseycitylawyer marijuana and privacy a primer  @jdsupra 
 @snowbunnnnybecs bc sometimes i need to cough and i dont need no one looking at me like i cant smoke  or hold my own 
 v both sides of the 12  steam both sides of the l  freeze smoke rings and they hail  sleet snow grind for the wealth.
  i get so happy when i find weed in my room lol
 @djsmokey666 rt my tweet above new song out now dj smokey x lofty305 back at it
 she must smoke crack 
 fav song to smoke to 
 @samriggsmusic u have easy chords for second hand smoke i want to learn it for open mic great song thanks
 everybody wants smoke until it gets real
 cut everybody off now have nobody to smoke hookah with bet lmao
 try moving out amp giving zayden amp i a home amp we have someone else turning it into a smoke place for their fucking friends.
 lol if i fwy hard enough to let you hit one of my woods  dont get on snap taking all day tryna smoke cause youll never hit another one 
 do yall do anything else but smoke
 do you drink or smoke....
 niggas be wanting to smoke but w  no tree  not even a 1.07 for a swisher  no ride   get your dependent ass away bug. 
 i need friends in cerritos preferably ones that smoke lol
 one time my friend accidentally left an ounce of weed at my house and when i go to look for it  it was in my moms dresser lol
 smoking weed is the best pain killer tbh tbh
 we just got to portland and of course the first place everyone wants to go is the weed shop xd
 they need to come up with one of those nicotine patches but for weed so i dont have the urge to have a blunt in my mouth 247
 everybody smoke now
 whats a 1300 set of tires if u cant smoke em lol 
 everybody selling weed now.  damn put me on i need me a lil part time job  yall got some openings
 if i smoke w about 5 people and thats it lol
 when 34 of your friends are only friends w you for weed
 really only like the song free smoke bc of the way drake says smoke 
 funny how you have time to go out to dinner amp go smoke weed for hours with friends  but yet i ask you to do your job but youre too busy
 yes i party a lot   but just bc i drink n smoke dont mean i go hoe around w hella girls. smhsmhsmh girls trip too much
 so anxious for tomorrow all i can do is smoke to calm my ass tf down rn
 somebody smoke me out 
 do you have anything better to do than smoke weed
 having ya best friend around all day and never having to smoke alone 
 only smoke blunts if they rolled prapah
 @goldxbraid we should hang out  i need your weed
 ive heard that females have better weed than males
 idk who i would want to smoke a blunt w more @schoolboyq or figora. that dog is a goonie
 i promised dibbi i cant smoke no squares no mo but i still gotta hold one for a pic 
 i need me someone to chill and vibe w on the daily. also must smoke.
 she only smokes when she drinks  she only drinks now and then. now and then when she is tired of being let down by a man.
 gotta find some more females friends that smoke
 need friends to smoke with.
 .@blntsmk i am screwed rn cnt even smk a dam weed let alone big weed
 @realdonaldtrump are you going to help us legalize marijuana i need to know if im going to invest in these penny stocks or not.
 my granny in the hospital the nurse asked me if i needed anything you know i asked for medical marijuana
 with my longtime friend and college buddy shantistewart32 and hookah smoker for the gawwwwwds 
 me choosing to quit smoking weed has got to be the best thing especially when your boyfriend is committed to stoping as well
 anything thats not weed  
 id rather just smoke idk how yall can drink fr
 im so fucking bored. and nobody will get food w me or smoke w me. fuck.
 all my friends come over just to smoke in my room but i dont mind 
 wish somebody would come smoke yah mans out
 somebody come thru n smoke
 we smoked with my pop pop  me amp my cousin amp my aunt wanted to smoke but her husband would of been tripping idk why she just chilling
 why do none of my friends smoke wtf
 i cant believe nobody wants to smoke with me
 somebody bring me food and ill smoke a blunt w you
 theres so many more songs on more life tht i find better  yet i find myself on the daily screaming free smoke free smokeee....
 @bdpeezy98 @reckless and until then  whats the advice for smokers vaping could kill you if you cant quit cold turkey  keep smoking
 that hair on luciuos make him look like he smoke that wet and drink that brown but still go to church  empire
 come over  smoke it together  
 in order to kill the weed  you must remove the entire root. if not  the problem still exist. coaches must rid the program of weeds.
 needa smoke asap
 about to find my college roommate by asking everyone do you smoke weed until i meet someone who says yes
 im down wit that   gotta hang wit somebody who dont smoke 
 free smoke best song out dont @ me
 i need more friends that smoke .. until then my face game strong 
 wtf none of my friends want to smoke w me 
 cant believe how much ive pushed myself to go to class  do homework  go to the gym  amp even find time to smoke here amp there this semester
 i love being told how lame and boring i am and how i need to drink more  smoke  and party.
 someone hang with me and smoke
 i think weed the reason i cant hold a grudge 
 finna smoke grams wit my mans
 i really hope my mom doesnt find my smokes
 somebody smoke with me or something 
 the taco bus in hempstead really good asf
 im about to do some experimenting with the stock market and invest in some of these weed companies.
 finna smoke this l amp care my ass to schleeppp
 am i trippin or did smoke just come out his damn ears 
  this is me right here. asking the same ppl i just smoked with. lmao. 
 fuck feelings  lets smoke some weed  im the nicest guy in my group of friends. theyre all savage
 @thejhf what about cannabis families
 i like going with my friends to smoke i mean i dont smoke but theyre so funny when they are high i just go watch 
 no job  honda  not going to school  chills w niggas all day  flips an ounce of weed and says trappin. amp youre winning  
 i need  for tattoos but i keep spending it on food and weed
 i feel like id rather have my kid smoke wit me if they decide to smoke rather wit somebody else. 
 anyone ever smoke catnip asking for a friend
 im telling yall if yall aint tried it smoke a blunt an drink a cappuccino 
 sometimes i just be wanting somebody to smoke w 
 you dont want smoke on my gang twentythree thousand my chain
 no one trying smoke everyone busy tonight 
 someone come over and smoke a j w me lol im lonely
 idk how to smoke weed dude
 i needa come bakk nn smoke wit my niggah
 she finna regret making that tweet  its just a lil weed simmer down
 why dont i have friends that will smoke weed with me
 who else tryna smoke
 need more friends that live here because i definitely want to go smoke and chill on the beach rn
 whats your problem i check up on you like a doctor we roll up we smoke up we roll up  we smoke up  like rastas
 i really need like 2 grams rn but nobody got no smoke 
 i want a friend who be up at this time and down to smoke  my friends sleep af
 someone come thru   free smoke 
 noah bought me smokepurpp amp lil pump tickets im sooo stoked cant wait @noahruiz27
 i need more friends that are down to smoke with me thooo
 so i brought weed and banana pudding home and now im finna cry cause i cant find my banana pudding
 tbh i mostly like to be left alone  but it would be nice if i had like more friends who i got along with amp wanted to just chill amp smoke 
 neeed smokes lol yo somebody help sos
 for anyone that does not like weed.. just give it a try  just get lit and take a shower  shits lifechanging
 @thekidmero not half ni just saying smoke wish weed n shut up chill b
 should i smoke rn
 come smoke me out 
 im really going to miami with my cousins to go to rolling loud amp smoke for 4 straight days  cant wait to make mad irresponsible decisions
 gotta smoke to sade every morning ... my spirit need boosting
 somebody let me nap at ur crib for like two hours ill smoke u out 
 i cant smoke today 
 my nigga smokepurpp just keep getting bigger
 this can driver told me and my friends we can drink and smoke in his cab lmfao.
 im strapped so anybody who got a problem wit me can pull up and get smoked and anybody who riding wit you fuck then too
 this is me i only fuck w my weed man 
 white college students can do cocaine  be drunk amp obnixious asf and nothing happens. but let them smell some black kids smoking weed
 i want to smoke an entire pack of marb reds to my dome rn
 i aint no joke i use to let the mic smoke now i slam it when im done and make sure its broke  
 why does everybody and their brother at wvu chain smoke cigs walking to class 
 when the smoke  clears  youll see who really riding for you youngjuice tropicana legalizeit 
 needa smoke some
 me doesnt party  drink or smoke my mom lets me have 30 teens party in my backyard while her daughter just spec 
 needa smoke sum 
 is recreational marijuana legal in nevada  asking for a friend.
 no no no its all smoke and mirrors had 6 yrs cant do anything right keystone cops in charge frauds all 
 i know they say u cant be addicted to smoking weed but  i feel like im addicted to smoking weed i can never actually stop 
 @feitsbarstool swing and a miss by that guy holy smokes not even close
 how do girls come to class w a full face of makeup a smokey eye  winged liner  lashes  everything. like girl  its 10 a.m. lol 
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a midnight toker.. 
 lets smoke something omw
 cant smoke with ya if you think swisher the best gars
 finding some of my friends smoking up on the block while im walking and smoking to my others friends to smoke up lmao
 lmao the illness is that they cant handle their weed and need a shower to chill out 
 a friend with weed is a friend indeed
 grandmawhy do smoke weed         meso i dont have to live with you
 i cant even cough n smoke this ting in peace bc my abs be hurting me from the gym
 my mom took my weed  if she dont sts w me ima be hot
 @jennybasedgod whenever u can fit me in your busy schedule lmk ill bring the weeds
 when your boyfriends best friend is goin a come smoke with you cos our nigga is curved 
 this foo really tryna smoke a cigar rn by my pool lol
 i need to smoke rn nigga bored
 damn girl you be snapping until you finish the blunt  we get it.. you smoke weed..
 this shitty part about traveling to a different city every week is having to find weed. 
 i am so bored  and home alone. someone come and smoke with me
 girls who smoke with all their clothes on while there at home are really dudes.....
 if illinois lawmakers honestly believe that people will legally buy weed that has a 50 tax per ounce  they are grossly misinformed.
 my biggest fear about the airport is forgetting i got weed in one of my bags and getting locked up by tsa.
 soooo are you going to respect this young womans hustle and give her the weed or not she aint got all day  
 if youre a girl and cant get a nigga to smoke you out without any type of sex involved your finesse game is trash.
 @baisayak we can kill ourselves after we smoke deal 
 lmaoooooo my face when i got there and realized everyone was there to smoke 
 all this weed and no snacks. come thru
 dat free smoke n nothing into something 
 my manager and my coworker keep asking if i smoke now because of him lmao
 he gone come thru an smoke up all yo dope
 beer  music  marijuana and a few good friends get me thru this life 
 theres something about videos of people smoking weed that really gross me out idk what it is
 if i dont find this marijuana im finna be pissed
 and you pretend to be as mentally and physically addicted to me as wiz khalifa is to reefer 
 somebody come they ontario and smoke me up i got em next time for sure
 somebody come thru ontario and smoke me up i got em next time for sure
 @swagtacular heres something to smoke too  
 remind me never to pull weeds ever again
 remind me never to pull weeds ever again
 love that my man and i can talk about any and everything. well just smoke and ride as we talk about it all no better feeling 
 if you smoke with flavored cigars i cant fw ya
 @laurelovee she doesnt drink or smoke nor has she experienced even anything like going to a bar or party or anything lol
 @kentonjackson damn bro i gotta stop smoking weed i feel mad stupid i thought that tweet was dissing kendrick at first 
 me  i smoke because it helps me deal with reality  them what did you do to deal with it before   me be bipolar nigga tf lmao
 someone really had to ruin the smoke spot smh
 this cutting down on weed thing got my nerves bad lol
 @kentonjackson free smoke is the only song i listen to and even that song is corny as all hell
 needa smoke this stress away...
 i see mirrors and smoke screens. anybody else 
 a friend in needs a friend in deed a friend with weed is better. @placebo  puremorning  pleasant evening for me  fb
 oh yeah weed must have you feeling like you up there with jesus and everybody else... 
 smoking weed where the wild things are @macmiller
 i cant stand any smoke smell really. except the black n milds have a sweet smell.
 someone come chill and smoke
 who is smoking some dank weed on the lie rn
 listen to drakes song free smoke  then when the beat comes in switch to j coles neighbors. am i crazy to think it 
 tbh all my money goes to automatic payments  beauty upkeep  and weed
 i got some boring ass broke friends. all they wanna do is stay in amp smoke.
 so they suppose to be getting some weed then getting dropped off to us   so we just chilling in the airport tryna come up with other ideas
 feeling down recently sure  ill chain smoke.
 where constituency must all be high on marijuana i should never 
 i got thru hs without smoking weed  you dumb if you think im finna go thru college without it 
 babylungs lol you cant overdose w weed  
 dallas needs to bring out famous dex   playboi carti   diego money   unotheactivist   thouxbandfauni  warhol.ss   lil pump  smokepurpp
 addicted to smoke 
 im w all the smoke
 yall gonna start riding on smokepurrp im just waiting on it.
 75 of the girls who smoke weed are mentally ill
 i need to smoke some weed and chill my black ass tf out before i go crazy 
 how funny to watch reruns of cops where they arrest people for being under the influence of marijuana. what a joke. fake charges.
 ill spark up anyone that has a car to smoke in
 @greta @repjoecrowley @msnbc we see why boehner left  he must be laughing as he smokes a cigarette goes on the golf courseamp gets a tan
 need girl who wouldnt mind to just chill and smoke with me or at least keep me company
 boys took all my weed i lost a band smh im mad asf
 i cant believe ohio has passed a law saying you cant smoke in your own care if you have a kid inside 6 and under  and i dont smoke.
 when your friend turns into a cloud of smoke. 
 honestly my favorite thing about working here is chill ass coworkers who smoke me out after work since i cover em on their breaks 
 the lil girl who is doing in service with me has a mother who smokes wet amp be naked in the street
 some better tasting weed that youll ever taste or see
 lol. im not 17 anymore. i wont just hang out with you cuz youll smoke me out.
 all i want to do is smoke with my girls rn...but theyre knocked tf out lol
 i be singing the hell out of the intro to free smoke lmao i cant deal with myself
 the song free smoke has one of the best beats ive heard in a while when the piano drops that shit slaps
 i aint scared to drop my location nigga my smoke is free you can come get it on 
 lol this is my 420th tweet im not addicted to weed 
 i go one day wo weed and im considering smoking a resin ball rolled around in kief.
 wish i had a best friend to smoke pot with
 i just be wanting to smoke and chill
 trimming this weed n the movie blow comes on 
 i really want to smoke and go feed ducks
 i mean smoke here but its like 13 am so the smell of dank be gone by the time everybody headed to work
 i just be wanting to chill amp smoke amp talk about all different type of shit with somebody .
 who wants to be my baby but one i can smoke with and party with and have no problems
 dont be scared of the ganja
 i want a lil chihuahua that i can carry around w me and do her nails amp smoke and chill
 if niggas fw females as hard as they do the game their homeboys or weed everybody would have somebody
 swear to god rent weed gear strippers is the best song ive written besides lets have a pizza party
 shouldve waited to smoke  i forgot i had to go to the store
 rick ross whole album would be smooth asf to smoke sum to
 this m3 really tryna smoke me out rn smh not in the mood
 someone stole my wallet and im so angry cause i had my weed money in there
 wow i never thought itd be this hard to find a friend to smoke this dutch with
 best person to smoke with is yourself
 dude in his audi smoking weed inside my house  fumes going thru the moon roof. friends come and go putting little packages in pockets.
 @irmska smoke n food duh
 i love getting high with you how do u not have friends to smoke with lol 
 life is fucking boring without weed
 work got me soooo exhausted im down to smoke and knock out rn
 somebody smoke sumn
 when u have weed  but u cant find a rello to roll it up in
 @imkeondra i had weed at all times i never ran out
 a lets smoke girl 
 i hate a lets smoke ass girl
 jill needa letta nigga smoke in the house its cold asf
 having friends that come over and smoke you out just because gt
 i really do need new people to smoke w
 day 94 bartender  tony was always there for his patrons with a drink  a smoke  or just an ear 
 @iiovelucid does ur smoke alarm ever go off @flatoutfucked nah smoke alarm immediately goes off paranormalctivity paranorman
 joker  smoker  midnight toker whoareyouin4words 
 theyll have to legalize weed soon  tweetsfrom10yearsago @midnight
 theres a dying smoke detector in my house that keeps chirping and its literally ruining my family because no one can find it
 theres a place in california called weed. i mean come on. 
 yall comparing apples and oranges with this song and drakes whole album... compare it specifically to free smoke if anything
 so hard to find a decent weed man 
 30 days of nonstop pot......@dougbenson never gonna smoke again after this @midnight tweetsfrom10yearsago
 yes id much rather smoke weed than drink. its just how i am. ive seem more people be fucked over by alcohol than anything.
 drink  smoke and chill.
 damn near everybody smokes weed now 
 markell rolled a good wood for someone who doesnt smoke em like that
 i need more friends to smoke with 
 @antigemination @gustavoarellano @aurabogado 180 sliced190 pulledhard to to do in smoker 912 hrsneeds dry rubinjections to keep moist
 i really dont text no one im such a loner all i do is watch anime get drunk n smoke by myself
 holy smokes tim and eric show is insane @midnight tweetsfrom10yearsago
 look at me posin hella cute wit a blunt i dont smoke dont tho bitches and photographer marvin duh 
 funny ass folks be thinking they gone duck me  i hand that mild ass weed right back to em  .. im straight 
 might just smoke one rn cause im stressing off school 
 i needa smoke some
 i used to come home and a blunt i rolled for myself would be gone and i know my ex smoked it
 i honestly need more friends that smoke weed 
 i need to smoke this blunt sorry evan
 hahahaha i am on 31 grams of cannabis i am wild for this
 whos down to smoke rn
 so many people are asking me rn if i smoke cigs lol broooooooooo their my parents
 they tried to influence me to smoke amp drink lastnight they are bad friends yo
 mixing weed and my emotions again
 la got the best weed omm
 yous a clown to me you cant smoke no black n mild w me get in the car w me
 somebody smoke lol
 why is my cousins cousin baby daddy hitting me up to smoke rn lol nigga off the pookz
 who tf is up rn just got to magnolia  ill smoke ya out 
 i.been screaming off my deck help n im sinking drink n a smoke im going under n no light in sight what wood u do
 bruhhhh my granny called me over here so she can  smoke with me im thinking its something important 
 i gotta give props to cig smokers loyalty. we in the middle of this snow storm  cant even see outside  amp they still went to smoke 
 im so salty im up lol. i want smoke fr 
 i s2g someone better volunteer to smoke weed w me rn. i will come to you i will take you away just smoke a blunt with me idc who
 once again if im playing midnight club and this come on you getting smoked 
 if someone doesnt smoke weed with me im going to be so pissed
 .@petesessions do you think people are stupid enough to believe your smoke amp mirrors speeches are you so stupid you believe yourself ahca
 i cant smoke with you if yo blunts be unrolling lmao thats fishy.
 i need more friends in dc who smoke weed. 
 nothing is more annoying than my friends bringing weed around me when i constantly tell them im trying to quit like this shit is funny
 @flywestmusic nahhh when we smoked out back and my parents were like yall high rn yall need counseling
 irritated  smoke  stomach ache  smoke headache  smoke cant sleep  smoke cant make your mind up bout something  smoke weed is medicine fr
 cant smoke weed bc my po trippin
 @ryanredbeard especially in his silhouette has him smoking. i think its a black n mild. i dont smoke  but i enjoy an occasional cigar.
 weed keeps me going  weed keeps me on trac  weed keeps me from givin up  weed keeps me focus  weed keeps me woke  weed keeps me nonviolent.
 i pray i can go to lil pump and smokepurpp tonight...
 i pray i can go to lil pump and smokepurpp tomorrow 
 need more girl friends who wanna just come over and smoke up 
  the insecure side of me  is the one that likes to smoke   if i get cancer and kills me i hope thats the side it goes   twincity
 hmmm my daughter smokes pot but here i am buying her clothes do you see something wrong with this picture
 @queenkaytee you cant tweet shit like this when you only smoke once a week. 
 somebody smoke with me lol
 i absolutely can not stand cigarette smoke
 im tryna smoke rn
 industrial hemp farming where do we stand legally  
 i dont drink or smoke and i have an awesome time with my friends
 wassup w these weedmen amp hairstylists never answering their phone how u doin a service amp cant nobody get in contact w u sicka yall shit
 the whole question is... could you do it without it i smoke and drink and my boyfriend doesnt. we hang out just f 
 this is the part where i smoke a blunt omw to work to make up for how miserable im going to be
 accidentally brought my weed to my place of employment with me i just cant believe i fuck up this hard sometimes
 v both sides of the 12 steam both sides of the l freeze smoke rings and they hail sleet snow grind for the wealth
 you know i may not smoke weed or do whatever else is done with it but i can appreciate all the creativity used to come up with this stuff.
 its raining mad hard amp i have weed 
 first commenter tells committee members there are smokers who consume safely and im one of them. feel free to come ask me about it.
 everybody smokes bigarettes
 i got a crush that wont get it on anymore but shell drop everything to come smoke me out its hell 
 or when they want you to make a song with smokepurpp or lil pump 
 i wanna be that parent where my kids wont be scared to tell me shit. you smoked okay cool.
 its always free smoke wit me ill hardly ask you to match if i fwy
 i need friends that are girls that smoke. asap
 honestly i think you should just smoke some incense and chill out
 ima smoke me a blunt and skate to the bank ....... suspended license problems
 i cant smoke but yeah lemme go to the mall real quick then ill come scoop you guys unless you want to go to the mall with me then ill
 sum1 come smoke w me
 sum1 come smoke w me
 you have me addicted like hennessy. addicted like weed
 find you someone you can smoke a lifetime of blunts with  
 im getting high off weed idk what this other stuff is 
 its going down tonight smokers section ughavok unitedgreatness mchotrod 
 drink or smoke
 gunna smoke a solo blunt so tired of everybody rn
   ladyterpstar | gang gang we in this thang  come smoke with kings today hempcon 
 the food is always going to be the best and weed is as well
 i told my kids not everyone is your friend. some are fertilizer and some are weeds. you have to keep your business 
 losing something is the worst feeling ever especially when its a weed brownie
 if you have kids and dont vaccinate them  and you dont believe in the leagalization of marijuana  you are a dumbass student at ut
 i needa smoke
 the original premise for the smokers section was for it to be a lounge type environment. have a hookah  hennessy.. etc. that never happens
 the original premise for the smokers section was for it to be a lounge type environment. have a hookah  hennessy.. etc. that never happened
 my avi funny  makes it look like im blowin smoke at every tweet
 psa saturn is the smallest planet in our solar system rn. either that or my cousin just really needs stop smoking weed
 did you and your weird friends have a marijuana party
 got my room  weed amp a few bottles im chilling tonight 
 my friends are trying to get me to stop smoking weed bc you can get schizophrenia  like i dont know my risk 
 you never heard me say match 1 when it came to smoking. if i fwy i smoke with you dont matter. weed for everybody.
 i came to the conclusion that i get over everything faster than my girl does cause i smoke and she doesnt  once im high  its all good
 do you ever hear those songs where youre like...... yep. this is a weed smokin song if i ever heard one
 match being stopped due to smoke bombs haha soccer fans are the best
 @planetplayboy so to weed and friends
 cops picked me up. cop bul like where the weed coildnt find it lady chick being all extra finds it
 i need a girl that smokes in my life again
 one of my tables just asked me if i had anything w marijuana in it bc they have arthritis lmao
 man i cant wait to have my own place and be able to smoke w out a care in the world . thatll be the day ill say i made it.
 dont you just hate when you lose your weed.. 
 somebody slide with weed
 donny has no rhythm  cant dance.. .. dont drink  dont smoke. what do ya do...... 
 same reason liquor and cigarette companies are getting tight weed is starting to be legalized 
 everyone has been blowing me up asking about which songs i like the most on morelife. im going with free smoke  blem and do not disturb.
 just trying to smoke and drink with my gram tonighttt
 might go back to ypsi tonight to drink and smoke a lil bit 
 we had 22 joints rolled and smoked them all at once
 im out of weed and cigs and theres 0.39 in my bank account 
 niggas sharing weed for pictures oh my
 materialistic things aint shit and money comes and goes . its be principle of we always let this guy n our house   we smoke our weed w him
 the decision to smoke does not affect just the smoker we can help you quit.nosafetobacco. wequitwewin. 5018975 
 @yassoge i got a low tolerance for weed and bitch niggas
 damn my best friend is a smoke show  
 @explodedsoda how do you like that cannabis tea in your snapchat do you drink it often
 need to meet people to smoke with in woburn someone hit me up
 theres something about the combined scents of umami  smoke  sugar  and vinegar that is incredibly compelling.
 ight idk about yall but im about to smoke and get food
 need to drink and smoke my life away
 if you smoke weed you should be smoking rn
 mom can you come pick me up  theres people smoking weed 
 somebody smoke me out
 my friends always invite me to smoke n do hoodrat shit but never to workout and shit smh
 got a l rolled and i cant even face it cus i cant smoke in my house smfh
 people try anything when they need some weed 
 live life by the double w  weed  and wet pussy 
 it makes me so mad that i got cousins doing 10 years for weed but they giving some rapist 3 years. the system is so fucked up
 we leave weed in the bong  kinda like take a penny  leave a penny.
 pretty sad how ppl only want to hang out if youre down to smoke 
 all he ever did was wanna grow down  what we supposed to do w all his friends around  smokin weed he never wanted to leave the house
 i havent met anyone yet that smokes just as much as i do tbh they cant keep up
 any girls want to come hang and smoke with me while i fold and hang up clothes
 if you smoke squares we cant be cool fam
 3 if you feen for weed  you are addicted.
 if my weedman keep bringing me new shit...  me 
 best time to smoke 
 i cant believe im about to smoke with my dad before i go to an 80s benefit with my mom
 @breeessrig is smoking weed on @sourcefed rn
 finally @breeessrig smokes weed i knew she was a rebel but this  be my friend
 you gotta smoke before going to any type of function  party  anything thats meant to be fun. 
 finally @breeessrig smokes weed i knew she was a rebel but this  be my friend @sourcefed sourcefedmemories
 dabbin on some eastcoastsourdiesel from the xtractology710 fam only smoke on the best betta 
 trynna smoke one with a few friends and walk around littlerock tbh. its a nice ass day to walk
 if ur my friend ill help you with interior design at your place for exchange of wine amp weed
 get rolled up ill smoke ya 
 man why is it so hard to find a cute lil hippy who wants to smoke blunts and go on routes all the time  and let me dread your hair 
 livepd keep the weed at home people
 just want to smoke amp chill tonight fr
 @marcusmostdop3 @yungstirfry on bronem if you come up w something creative to do ill smoke again. eman gotta be there though
 lmao yall think im lying ima light it up and just smoke and if they have a problem then they gon have a problem 
 my weed man cute asf.
 its lik i wanna quit but u really come across some cool ass ppl thru weed lmao
 no party tonight   jus a lil smoke session w the roomie an bae 
 yall need to smoke more  fuck more and get more money. always stressed n tight bout sumn 
 weed  food  weed and drinks
 i wish i could enjoy bar patios without cigarette smoke 
 i cant stand people who smell like weed when im with my kids trying to enjoy a movie 
 i need more girl friends to smoke with
 somebody pull up on me amp smoke sum
 bitches got a weed man  food man  coffee man  e juice man  handy man  and the sweet man. thats why they cant hold down a real man
 bitches do anything for weed 
 can somebody do my hair like now  ill pay you smoke you up rub ya feet  lol sike nah but fr ill do the first two
 celinas trying to bribe me to hangout w her friend with free weed bitch
 how do i meet people to smoke wed with all my friends drink  and its not for me. smoking and watching documentaries alone is getting weak
 how do i meet people to smoke with all my friends drink  and its not for me. smoking and watching documentaries alone is getting weak
 or nvm the hookah i think ill just smoke a facey and hit the sheeeeets  decisions decisions
 read the quran rt @missunndastood if you dont drink or smoke what we posed to do when we hang out
 come smoke one wit me ya digg
 if you live in utah we should get together and smoke a blunt
 is there a name for that weird  slightly high feeling you get from eating cheap chinese carry out do they cook that stuff in weed oil
 i keep weed and dick separate lmaoooo
 when your cousin gives you a jay to face and they dont smoke
 i wish i had friends to smoke with. it gets boring smoking alone all the time
 happy gday fam smoke some shit for me  
 im just trying to skate  and smoke... maybe get pizza or a burger.
 i needa smoke im too stressed out about this
 everybody hittin me for plots   lowkey just wana smoke and chill tonight tho .
 when they chose weed as a friend then a real person 
 who needs weed in pomona  8ths for 25
 somebody smoke me out
 somebody smoke with me
 if my girl cant match imma just smoke ha out 
 i needa smoke or something cause im not in a healthy mind set
 must be the ganja 
 currently drunk and i just want a friend to smoke w lin
 currently drunk and i just want a friend to smoke with lol 
 if youre not cool with me irl you are really missing out because im hella cute and funny plus i always got weed and snacks
 why yall weed n the club smell like poopoo.....  wet back wood head ass boys
 why is it so hard to find weed out here 
 gotta do some snow  w the girls and smoke up before you go back to protecting our country b  @jordanlundstrom
 wtf  now i cant drink or smoke. bullshit  this honestly changed nothing 
 its alright if you smoke  but you cant smoke and not do anything with yourself .
 people whom drink beer and smoke cigarettes cant be trusted .
 legit just smoke and watch impractical jokers lol
 i cant smoke no more liquor
 i cant smoke no more liquor draw
 i need more weed rn 
 its 420 somewhere lets smoke with our east coast friends 
 i got the best smoke in alief rn
 idek if im trippin or not tbh ya girl gotta smoke some weed i think
 caress lil ma for weed  and she did it for free 
 them weed comas be the best sleep i be having lol
 smh. need to shave. find sumn to do to dis tuff of weed on my head and find a bathing suit and a damn cover up 
 the last generation with the right to smoke cigarettes. in 26 weeks these kids will be cops enforcing everything th 
 if you can go to whole day without wanting to smoke or drink sumn you out here winnin
 dan the cannabis kid edibles anxietyrelief cbdedibles medicalcannabis 
 when all the smoke clears  ill be shocked if pence and ryan survive. and i hope they dont
 so much so i dead wont smoke till someone comes over
 somebody come smoke with me
 theres probably weed in my pocket tbh
 youre weird if you cant smoke and go to work or communicate lol 
 if you smoke  you cant  not sing  i got five on it.
 ran home in between soccer matches to put dinner in the smoker 3 slabs of baby back ribs  to 
 i love senior citzens that smoke loud  bruhhhhhh i really do. best conversations ever
 @cheflyfe lol. smoke a blunt and sip on a corona. youll feel so great man
 we should smoke around 930 
 i cant be smoking weed  i dont think it bring out the best in me 
 68ths defeated  18th hungover  .58ths sea .58ths weed
 lmaoo yoo i dead hate losing my weed b
 haha wouldnt it be cool if ppl locked up for marijuana possession were all let go and given their right to vote back
 i keep leaving my weed outside and it keeps getting rained on 
 @bdiddygm we might have to smoke a l with my son @eddycoll for his birthday dawg lol
 me if you try smoking up my little cousin i will kill you. derek i... will smoke with him if he brings it up.  honesty is the best policy.
 friend if you smoked or drank  who would you invite the enjoy with you me only me because im the one who bought it him thats selfish..
 man my friend smoke blacks
 i get so excited when im about to smoke its funny lol
 new smoker means even more ribs. come on down. pdxbbq 
 can we smoke  chill  go shopping and take trips without the relationship
 here i come coming down to block wit that ratchet  i want all the smoke
 i just want a guy i can smoke w  travel w  and get money w. 
 can someone come smoke wit me 
 who tryna chill n smoke
 i smoke the best
 i dont think my friends are gunna come soo imma smoke my heart out 
 finding lost weed is a good feeling
 when the whole gang got they own weed so errbody can face
 i really only smoke when im bored tbh. like its gonna make time fly or some shit.   wtbs  im smoking a lot rn.
 somebody smoke man
 @senwarren  senator were  trying  so hard to keep kids off of crack  it doesnt help when you smoke a bunch and start tweeting nonsense
 drink  smoke  twerk  laugh  meet new people  but enjoy the night drama free  
 come smoke some real shit w ya boy. 
 definitely gotta make sure to have some white friends. getting my reparation payments one free smoke out  drink and food at a time. 
 you will never meet a angry weed smoker
 lol testimony  lets weed must be the devil huh 
 my weed man that suppose to be str8 asking me to match one  then this happened idk how we got here 
 the last generation with the right to smoke cigarettes. no one said anything about obamas food and drug political 
 @jimmythalox @kmjeezy that show weeds comes to mind
 everybody is smoked 
 come smoke. 5 gram blunts 
 match smoke or something a nigga bored
 @azrockslide @foxtv i think its cast very well too. the guy from weeds does a great job as the main character.
 if you trip tf out over not having weed.. 
 i remember i only learned how to build and grow a vegetable garden so i could convince my mom to let me grow some weed as well.
 @ weed  lol 
 when i see smokepurrp im smacking him. dead ass lol
 my brother dont do nothing but hang out with his friends amp smoke amp this nigga made a 22 on his act the first go round 
 whoever come thru with a wood getting smoked out
 st. tammany police officers try to conjure up felony charges for black males over weed. meanwhile have a laugh w drunk drivers livepd
 my houston friends petty  my wa friends didnt give a literal fuck if people in the group wont smoke cause hello more bud for you
 only in az will somebody have a rattlesnake to hold their weed
 i aint scared to take and l but i rather smoke one 
 i really got thru the airport wit weed amp backwoods in my bag  i really forgot it was in there
 i aint smoked in like 2 weekends lol somebody roll up
 the one time im actually not bored af and dying for some company it seem like everybody wants to come over and chill and smoke 
 colorado is lame as hell... i mean you can smoke weed here but theres literally nothing else to do 
 my friend is tryna convince me everyone used to smoke outta toilet paper roll bongs in high school..............nah
 definitely just ran through the rain for a smoke break
 need a drink and some weed
 somebody pull up and smoke
 fr who got weed in kentucky pull up or meet up
 about to meet up wit the weed man .. 
 about to meet up wit the weed man .. 
 just trynna smoke and chill and ease ya mind
 look the hot cop comes to break up the party and all you wanna do is smoke a cigarette with them 
 i need friends like real friends to smoke with
 i just had my first ever weed drink
 we aint even gotta be feeling each other i just need a lil whoa to smoke all this tree wit yk
 im a picker im a grinner im a lover n im a sinner i play my music in the sun im a joker im a smoker im a mn toker i get my lovin on the run
 who keep anonymously calling me now for weeks saying they are some old smoker lady named nancy i cant stop laughing 
 i need me a person who isnt addicted to anything. not weed  liquor  or a past hoe.
 like i see yall you just use me for my bud but now i cant smoke no one wants to try to hang out okay
 im bored  someone hang out with me aka smoke
 i need friends in austin that know all the cool smoke spots 
  we use to ask each other who had the smoke now we asking each other who hiring  come a long way
 you smoke is me asking you on a date.
 nagging rhetoric oneliners this is very amateur state craft insidious last generation that have a right to smoke l 
 what time does smokey joes close  
 best feeling ever is remembering you have weed in your grinder already 
 how many trumpers are smoketards
  morgan freeman is literally quoted saying he will never stop smoking weed  samuel l jackson too 
 cigarsforwarriors americon arizona come on out and have some drinks  smokes  and a great time. cigarporn 
 everybody know i use to be a heavy ass smoker i must of hit a blunt in miami after a whole year of soberness amp got so paranoid i was scared
 when you figure out she smokes 
 my name is joker  habitual smoker. 
 @marieanick23 downtown at night is so lit ppl smoking weed  and legit girls were singing in there cars
 jet set we on point game tight  cop an ounce and smoke it the same night 
 im just tryna smoke rn 
 omg he done ran into that smoke 
 keep that heathen weed away
 i wish i had friends im just tryna take some shots smoke some sumn amp chill
 also weed pun 
 i dont smoke or drink .. i guess its boring but whatever 
 the struggle to find weed rn is real
 its so boring when you cant drink or smoke...
 theres nothing i hate more than the smell of cigarettes. no offense to those who smoke em. i just cant deal
 .@goosegill @usethefuture more like  but not very like  those ppl are on crackmethbooze  send them legal medical cannabis immediately.
 who said girls cant smoke   
 have no friends to smoke with
 why is it so hard to find someone to sell me weed today 
 i cant believe no one has weed 
 tweeting out your preference is dope because it finds women who enjoy it too and weeds out all the boring accounts you havent blocked yet
 btw  weed really helps to understand these weird times we live in. 
 if i ask any of my friends lets chill they automatically think were going to smoke or drink what a shame.
 finally got my rec replaced. after like 2 months without it. can finally pick up weed again. 
 im so mad because i couldnt find nobody with some weed and then wanae was supposed to leave me some benadryl and i cant find them 
 @twotitsnochainz bout to smoke a cigar on the patio and drink some jameson.
 cant find my hemp lotion and im really upset about it
 like this tweet if u tryna get high wit me.. ill smoke u sometime lmao
 overheardseasongmashups im a joker  a smoker  a midnight croaker 
 tryna smoke and get food wit somebody
 i got these cones but i hate how they smoke. i think somebody stole it man.
 if you live in santee and are doing absolutely nothing tonight  feel free to come smoke me amp @queenmiiaaa out 
 i need more girl friends with positive energy  that are down to smoke and idk support eachother. listen to good music and shit.
 mia how do you expect to get weed w a card  me ive never paid for weed  
 i have a friend named dan and he smokes a lot of dabs
 idk i mean uve smoked w my gma before  
 i legit just entertained an entire crowd of mfkaz outside the club without an ounce of liquor or nanogram of weed in me
 healthcare for losers the last generation to smoke a cigarette legally... mission accomplished means its not trump 
 its the one wiz khalifa song where he talks about weed and converse ill let you pick @durantlarry
 i need a girl that smokes
 i be out here smoking weed with my motherfuckin feinds and thats just what we do every day of the week
 if we were really best friends  youd lend me three grand to buy a pound of weed.
 time to watch the first episode of mystery science theater 3000. takes out pipe and weed i feel like this will come in handy.
 dont ask me to come i am smoke and you have your party in a chimney
 alway got something good to smoke on
 theres not one bad thing about weed..
 i know the fiend me in life comes out when i smoke. i can just feel the hunger of wanting better things pumping through my veins 
 i find it not cool how my mom says its okay that freddy smokes weed but i cant 
 if you want smoke we can spark it out 
 i was never a big party guy. it just never was appealing to me. like i can do drink n smoke with just friends but not at a fat ass party.
 yall cant ever say i aint help yall . you wanna be a store manager of a weed store  
 wow something smells funny and it isnt the stinky weed in this article 
 im not spending nomore of my money on weed or food bruh  i rl needa go shopping tf 
 one of my dumbass friends left weed in my car without me knowing and got me arrested again. im not giving rides to anyone ever again.
 tucson sunrise is a little different today. no clouds  just thick black smoke  3.26.17 @ 
 my coworker and i are gonna be best friends bc she smokes and i do too  
 i find it odd how parents will allow their kids to drink alcohol which kills thousands every year and not smoke weed
 even the dog got the couch. so im going to smoke cigarettes until someone else in the house gets up.
 can never go to the gas station without somebody tryna sell me weed  pump my gas  or try to talk to me 
 this weed is something else holy shit
 somebody come smoke with me for my birthday
 i cant believe weed can be so important to someone 
 i cant believe weed can be so important to someone 
 youre not an adult until you can drink and smoke cigarettes in front of your family.
 honestly fuck your wack partys. yall cant beat a brampton party. we drink amp smoke till we die and get put in the coffin dawg
 i cant drink  i cant smoke  cant spend any money.. wtf is life 
 she smoking weed and playing kodak
 your principles the last generation that can smoke a cigarette without going to jail. more crap from the sidelines 
 i dont wanna do anything today besides smoke 100 blunts and sunbathe 
 azziz really cant smoke no more 
 drake really ran on free smoke 
 theres something for everyone on the smoker today. brisket  
 @nelsonguevara i dont smoke tho so i wouldve dispensed it to the little kids telling them it was the good good and charge them double
 ran outta weed 
 ima cool as nigga but on my lil cousin  try some wild shit ima smoke yo ass
 people  girls who smoke ugly  me  smokes my blunt   than spark my cigarette 
 is she twerking without panties  and is she selling weed to everybody 
 when you think youre out of weed and find a bag with a lil something something 
 man  i really be wanting to smoke  but when i do i be feeling guilty because of it 
 here a few  smoke or ever have  drink or ever have  heart problem  cancer  you must cover 70100  know your uninsured and
 cant figure out if the guy wearing the marijuana shirt in public is cool or not. still not legal here so maybe
 i believe this trump crew is capable of anything...too much smoke and burning embers inevitably point to a fire. 
 lmao never been so hard to find weed until lastnight
 repost from happy guest  shannon greer gbroadtrip 1st servings of smoked meatloaf have gone out 
 i just wish yall would be respectful and smoke that shit before yall come to the club lol .
 how girls smoke and drink while they are pregnant  like you mustve fell down and hit your head really hard to be doing that.
 @genosky21 im trying to figure that out ampampampampamp smoke hookah too. like how   i cant even have 4 drinks now and be alive
 i find it so funny when people smoke weed but dont even inhale itspointless
 i be thinking my weed tolerance gone go down cause i barely smoke when im in indiana but when i come to milwaukee that def not the case
 i cant ever chill with my hbs with out them trying to sell me weed or they trying to smoke lol like can we just chill fam  lmao
 @ultra resistance @beattv gtgtgt regular ultra stream. just need to work on getting the smoke show host over to the dark side 
 just rolled a nice ass blunt w no one to smoke it w 
 id rather smoke blunts and chill than go out and party every weekend 
 if you cant chill in the car and smoke a blunt w me and have a blast  youre not for me
 i cant even eat i needa smoke before my breakfast 
 i love how everybody come over my father house on sundays.. food  liquor  weed  amp laughs.  i love my family
 niggas say they smoke tuff but scared to take a dab
 i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive 
 the lamest thing ive ever said i cant smoke w u bc i have asthma
 ihavebeenthinkingand weed helps me live with my depression and sparks my artistic side
 everyone at my job is so damn uptight and snobby. some some weed son 
 ever taken a selfie  on weed @ kingman  arizona 
 do you drink or smoke
 somebody come smoke with me
 needa smoke this joint before i flip shit
 it would be litty to have a girl bestfriend to kicc it with   chill amp smoke with amp be nasty with amp shit 
 i need somebody to smoke and cuddle wit on rainy days like these 
 yung i swear girls smoke more than girls now. hard as hell to find a girl who dont smoke 
 me while shading smoke just... just keep rendering saggy testicles. over and over. 
 i smoked some weed just to chill but i forgot i have to hang with my family today and i got way too high
 slot receiver with the smoke today @theopening @fthemanford21 ran a 4.53 40 on the laser. givin out a hold pan of s 
 who wants to come to my apartment with snacks and smokes  asking for me. right now.
 i just like the fact that  you just get on weedmaps pick what you want n they come straight to you
 i still have these 4 little pups left 3 males and 1 female they are growing like weeds and ready for a new home 
 my auntie know how to ruin a somebody day like bitch stfu and go smoke some weed 
 @nikothefarmer no youre wrong niko...just like you were about me smoking weed. i ran 10 miles this morningwork out each daylive healthy
 shit idk im bored lets smoke
 all my friends are weedies 
 i cant stand no weak ass weed
 now i think im finally getting my voice and my full range back. but it changed. my low register got smokey  and hazy
 addicted to weed amp never in class  
 i need more friends who smoke amp who actually live around me
 if it quacks like a duck. ..  or  where theres smoke   ....  governor seat has been bought before  could be   
 girlfriends guide to divorce  drink  smoke postshow  and chill. 
 everyone smoke  everyone thuggin now
 today the weed girl said shed be more than okay w me paying in rolled change amp like im not sure she knows what i 
 you can all go fuck yourselves and find some other idiot to smoke you out. i genuinely have zero friends.
 all i need is some weed rn
 you cant say no to free weed
 everybody that say they gonna quit weed never do
 @xxxrachelroxxx im doing what im doing now to prove to my family amp everyone i can stay off everything else amp just smoke weed
 i no longer drink i cant believe i was cheating on the weed wit tha liquor in the first place
 met some haitians at the station  smoke ya like some damn jamaicans
 millennials dont smoke  are totes relaxed about gender and sexualitymore i think about it  they might just be the generation to save us.
 im deeply emotional rn bc i just got smoked in front of 
 smoke strong like snoop smoke more dan a rasta  
 yo if your friend ever rats you out for weed  dat aint your friend  take it as a lesson and move
 @dayalabaster oh shit really i would of smoked a bowl and played without him hahaha
 come smoke at my crib lol
 somebody smoke with me
 i just need chill friends to smoke amp vibe with  none of the extra bs.
 im the reefer preacher its my duty to the people 
 when the client comes in saying its chocolate toxicity but really their dog just ate their weed  
 @raequwonscott weeds tight
 we can smoke in the car before and then go do something  
 maybe its cuz i dont smoke but i just cant get jiggy wit you high energy weirdo colorful ass druggy rappers dawg. i cant do it i cant do it
 the fear of getting smoked for not getting a haircut got my friend missing the beginning of this movie 
 some weed would be clutch rn
 somebody smoke taubrey 
 somebody smoke me up please 
 ion smoke weed but i needa tote of da reefa
 hold up lemme roll up the weed
 yo i will never smoke with my god brother again he had me scared asf the last time we smoked  
 he call me  he say baby come smoke a blunt at the ritz.
 i need to smoke one with the writersactors of bobs burgers  this really is so funny ever second of the show
 someone come smoke or chill
 smoke that weed girl 
 im only friends with smokeshows like meg  
 niggas mad cause i wont come smoke wit them boy bye idgaf i dont wanna be high around yo pervert ass
 i cant imagine what its like to smoke weed lol
 @gorillaz is the best to smoke to
 does anyone else think @geico has a weed budget for their commercials
 yea i had a drink ya i smoke
 free smoke and cant have everythings beat on more life are too lit. i could honestly turn up to the beats alone 
 its weird when you smoke weed it goes through your throat  so how tf does it get to your brain im dead yall 
 sober asf and cant find a weed man 
 michely i need weed  me what you need michely just a gram  me a dub  michely i dont know what that is 
 somebody come smoke w me
 i pride myself on my dvds  you never know when you gon smoke and chill and its always clutch to have options
 having rellos and no weed is the saddest thing ever.
 and i really wish fake woke people would stop saying they are the universe but claim you cant smoke or drink
 sooooo happy my best friend smokes again 
 yall can find a bunch of weed but not any of our missing girls. good job america  
 meanwhile kids want to spend their time smoking weed  cruising in neighborhoods  chilling wthe same people that have nothing going for them
 somebody pull up on me and pablo we got the smokes
 i smoke to keep it mello i drink to keep it mello everyday i keep it mello everyday i keep it mello
 i love them you tryna smoke friends.
 i need more friends that smoke 
 to smoke or not to smoke is really my debate rn 
 sneak out. party. drink. smoke. youll never be this age again  so always take your chances to have fun
 honestly need a smoke session rn
 im off tm someone makes plans with me lets smoke n chill 
 did anyone else see it said burning churches  wtf nigga damn i rather smoke hella weed in his car then go to j 
 tbh i just need some weed
 cant date a guy who tells me i smoke too much . ill never leave bae   never
 i wish i had some funny ass friend to smoke and chill w me amp porcha
 i smoke a cigarette in your name. wrist
 i smoke a cigarette in your name. wrist
 me @ my friends that smoke cigarettes 
 you smoke reggie bitch  something i cant smoke.
 @theothergreg come out and lets smoke lol
 come smoke w me at my mamas place
 i keep buying weed on accident
 i wonder how @georgewbush43 paintings will come out if he were to consume marijuana
 yo. this song is definitely not about weed.  
 need somebody to smoke with 
 anything wit a weed im down
 sent two homies home with weed n food. gotta make sure ur friends r fed amp all that good shit.  everyones gotta eat. night yall. 
 cant wait to smoke some weeeedd with my best friend when i get back  i missss youuuuuuuuuu
 come smoke wit me
 advoate montel williams more involved in medical marijuana than ever with biz launch  via @aliciawallace
 advoate montel williams more involved in medical marijuana than ever with biz launch  via @aliciawallace
 while we drink and smoke
 i wish i had something to smoke rn
 lol i got big girl lungs when it comes to smoke sessions
 all i do is drink lipton tea and smoke  i fell off so hard yall
 that weed money gotta come from somewhefe
 whats a party with no blunts whats a party with no weed whats a party with no liquor backwoods is all i need  imtrynagethiigghh 
 this girl on my sc n the car smoking weed w her kids beside her. i dont judge bt i dont like when ppl do smoke anything n front of kids.
 @metroottawa @metrohalifax will the same rules apply as with tobacco folks with respiratory problems cant be around any smoke. ever.
 morning smokes are the best
 niggas dont smoke like gang do we really be faded hot boxin the v 
 have you got your @indyeleven byb tickets yet if it  save 19 and buy through us keep tifo and smoke funded 
 i got the whole battery smoked for wearing js to pt  everybody got they swole on lol
 this is a man who drinks koolaid   or medical marijuana  
 i want some female friends who smoke like i do 
 2. smoke or drink
 who got weed rn rn
 idc how beat up it is  im always going to rt for guys and girls to go to prom w a smoke show. we gotta teach our kids to dream beautifully
 everybody got weed nowadays
 who trying to smoke and get some food or chill
 i know i just was w troy and ty all weekend but i cant wait to smoke w them
 niggas used to be like  sneak out and come smoke this jay bro. i was like  thats cancelled. my mom black. lmao
 how i feel when i infuse super foods with cannabis...more to come edibles marijuanaalchemist 
 i got ya shawty on da reefer now she kodak boppin
 im with ya girl and we high off weed
 for people in the building  it must have been a nightmare for a show ending at midnight and then having to weed through 60k to leave
 lmaoo the amount of ppl waiting for me to be able to smoke again is crazy 
 dude i have some of the staaaankiest weed rn honestly best lemon haze ive ever had in my life
 we could smoke weed in the afternoon  get high like we used to do. ride with the best crew.
 @goodelovee granny smoke a lil weed too ... 
 free smoke for everybody
 so i totally think smoking is bad but i have friends who smoke so now the smell is kinda endearing and idk how to feel about that
 so the feds cant find a missing girl or a fucking missing plane but they can find a lil ass sack of weed between a dudes nuts merica
 dont try to ruin my dreams just cause u cant smoke get outta here with that negativity 
 i smoke on the first date thats how i break the tension .loosen you up so youll talk to me
 smoking weed lowkey is trashy unless ur with other ppl idk the thought of smoking weed by urself is so sad to me..
 can someone just be my friend and smoke me up 
 why infused because everyday your life can be better  with cannabis just look at our host 
 i need some.... cause school stressing me out amp weed dont keep me right for up to a week like that do lol
 this why i smoke cause im ready to kill everybody and their family over trivial shit 
 just got followed by a buy more twitter followers account. seriously. are people trying that hard to seem relevant. smoke and mirrors tricks
 @henriquezevaa wtf thats dead i smoke weed cause it got a fye taste but not this ga midd
 @thegreatkhalid come to florida and smoke w me 
 my moms tryna smoke rn 
 just because you ducking off on the side of a building dont mean i cant see yo smoke 
 my cousin visited from pittsburgh this weekend amp said she brought something to smoke. i just know it was huff  tf they got up in pittsburg
 @sim54gar @ajdesai4 haha im just trying to see thru all the smoke like everyone else.
 @toochillrob my friends know damn well i dont smoke
 @poindexterslab @xxxrickyricardo @groooovyc lmaoo smoke w me then  ill show u that i actually smoke
 hold that thought  let me smoke
 something wrong w me if i turn down weed  ion ever do that. wtf
 ctfu my friend is about to kill me  were gonna smoke idk what. send help.
 two girls in my complex smoke a lot of weed and have a stripper pole. must initiate contact amp make them my lady friends
 why dont i have a best friend to smoke with 
 i know i get on all my weed mans nerve im always asking for a discount then get mad when they be like i cant do that rn 
 money  music  weed gtgtgt friends
 i need to smoke. my mind is all over the place.
 lmao if i got bud  whoever im around for bud lol its only weed. yall be too intense about that shit
 amy i couldnt find any bad side effects of marijuana  except if you smoke it amp come to class you wont remember shit.. and its illegal.
 bout to smoke a personal cause i have no friends 
 if u cant achieve it  weed it  kodak
 i dnt smoke but tweet got me in the zone. one of the best vocalist 
 i really dont smoke weed  idk why ppl find that so hard to believe
 i cant wait to get fake mad at my kids for smoking weed
 @cindarillos lmao girl im on my neck  but did you watch me smoke the whole thing 
 if you say you need weed to survive   you a junky in my eyes
 i got lil shawty on that reefer now she kodak boppin
 happy monday everyone come on out and smoke
 well alcohol and weed taste better than paint  plus theyre actually mind altering substances so 
 these sections include drummer platforms  pulley systems to launch tifo displays and even areas to let off smoke. 
 alice showed us a song so we go what does it say and ig its something about weed omg
 the kids at the smoke section at palomar are so fuckin weird man
 i havnt had a cigarette or a drink or a weed or anything since thursday
 i have a middle man but i needa weed man here omg
 smoke weed forget about my problems 
 @mykhaelaar yes keep it up and smoke some grass if all else fails lol
 cant believe theres a weed plant growing in the back yard. im a daddy now 
 joey bada will smoke logic 
 ski mask by smokepurrp is fye
 its like no secret that i smoke but you will never ever in your life or mine see me post a picture or video with a blunt yall ass goofy
 my cousin works at a middle school here  and got kids in trouble for smoking weed in the bathroom and for having a bottle of tequila 
 powerful speech by friend @seanhornbuckle about the amendments to medical cannabis bill. honored amp proud to serve with amp call him a friend
 f your gengar looks like he smoked a fat blunt and is saying  gang gang
 i need more friend that like to drink and smoke and go do fun shit my friends hella boring 
 but until then ima ride around tha city and smoke
 @brianott133 @sansoresmateo @empathdubstep i have to agree  a lot of people cant mentally handle potent marijuana.
 somebody smoke this l with me im tired of facing
 somebody smoke with me
 everybody gets beat up at least once in they life  take the whooping smoke an l and move on
 lololol when me and my friends sold weed on a ranch in az and i killed a snake that one time in like 2012  
 dont expect me to smoke you out.....
 idk if any at idaho are but i know one who was selling hella weed till she got robbed
 to find a boy that doesnt drink or smoke and loves jesus... ill wait....
 sehrrsschon im home come kick my ass and also smoke me out bc i think my weed jar is in my car 
 i got weed and a wrap waiting for me in the care. best believe ima roll up soon as im in the car
 im not that lets smoke amp chill and it turn to something else type of girl i literally just smoke and chill. do. not. try. that.
 states with legal marijuana have lower rates of opioid hospitalizations  new study finds 
 autumn your so short when u smoke a blunt you cant even get high me  shortjokes 420jokes blunts 420humor
 me and my girl are boujee af when it comes to weed 
 i cant believe i started smoking weed again. so disappointed in myself 
 @69islife they dont know how to smoke  the ones that was smoking in high school straight  but everybody else 
 if you aint smoking a gram or better you cant smoke with me
 girls that smoke are boner killers
 can a bitch get some weed around here damn
 thats why i cant smoke wit my cousin  last saturday was cancelled man like the whole day
 to drink or smoke or both rn 
 sad songs and loner smoke sesh vibes
 told ches i been worried bout kenna being without madi b and i around she went to go smoke and hang out w her 
 i just want someone to come smoke and watch movies with me or something im sad and in need of friendship
 i come back from the hospital treating my asthma w oxygen amp breathing treatments amp the first thing i wanna do is smoke
 wish i had friends to come over smoke amp just chill wme sometimes.
 kodak best top 5 rappers rn ... pull up if you want smoke 
 i need girl friend that likes to smoke  chill in sweatpants  listen to high school musical and talk shit about people
 without the weed though maybe a bottle but keep the weed 
 if you got weed you can come fly with me
 either we smoke or we drink or we break up
 a girl should be alright as long as she had her friends  her weed and her art.
 a girl should be alright as long as she has her friends  her weed and her art.
 never leave the house without a pack of swisher and some marijuana
 u the smokepurpp to my lil pump
 yall ever find yourself just drifting away from everything youve ever loved ....me with weed currently 
 smoke weed. lose ya family. preach southerncharm
 hold that weed in.. lol 
 having girlfriends that smoke da ganj is honestly just the best
 whos tryna let me smoke or drink
 weird chilling with old friends and not smoking cause i dont smoke weed no more
 i hate how every time i get on snapchat all i see is people either smoking weed everyday or some other shit.. we get it.. you like to party
 come on now  is that really a question @boywithdreads has a smoker  but i got a flamethrower  wearecincinnati 
 @gleslie is the type of person to smoke weed once and invest in all this. 
 i hate fuckin w anyone else other than pico when im getting weed smh i really be mad
 this jitt needa go to sleep so i can smoke 
 cant smoke weed if you dead lmao true  guess i live to see another day 
 @lauraleebordas bernie they r a mile ahead of u  get over it dude crack n weed kills sorry 4 your loss but w t f dude my kids our kids
 if youre complaining that your friends smoke and drink just to have fun hows about you just find new friends and not bitch on twitter
 i smoke me 2  3 to the dome soon as im alone .
 somebody smoke w me
 like to drink amp smoke some doojjaa
 does anyone in your family smoke
 i put lil shorty on the reefer now she kodak bopping.
 do you need anything to smoke a blunt it cures everything.
 all i want is to find a dude whos down to chill  smoke  and eat. sadly theyre hard to find
 hold up  let me smoke this blunt and remember who tf i am
 somebody come smoke dis blunt wit ya boi
 lmaoooooo  can we smoke first 
 wow loooveeeeee all of the 2nd hand smoke i get to inhale at work health is wealth
 somewhere some is tapping out out the blunt rn and them i say smoke dat shit lmao
 are you really my friend or just another weed customer
 me messaging everyone for weed rn 
 daniel just pissed me off i never wanna buy weed from him ever again
 favorite cousin smoked everyone  
 i got lil shawty onnat reefer now she kodak boppin
 i got lil shawty  on that reefer now she kodak boppin
 sum1 come smoke
 about to get off smoke one and chill..
 i cant believe i just spent 20 on weed
 everything in their stats says they cannot. demar cant even guard his own position effectively. lay off the weed 
 someone come smoke me out real quick so i can sleep tight
 i need to drink n smoke this pain away 
 when your friends let you hit the pipe on ft since i cant smoke here  
 let me smoke in peace. now if you was an average cute chick then the outcome might be different but you not so stop asking
 also no songs from smoke  mirrors. all throwbacks
 at this point in my life  i cant date someone who wont smoke with me. it wont work.
 gmo weed 
 ahh people and their youre lame for smoking weed. opinion
 really need to smoke one w my bestfriend.
 somebody hmu while i smoke this bleezy
 she only smokes when she drinks she only drinks now and then...
 starting to think im addicted to weed now
 im so mad right now all im tryna do is smoke and chill and everyone being lame 
 ok no but really whos in sa amp down to smoke cause i aint tryna burn alone rn
 adele  weed and my emotions fuck
 i smoke weed gang gang mmj florida pothead likeamarley sohard dedication ig iot 
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a midnight toker playing my music in the sunnnnn
 just tryna smoke rn
 i dont  drink or smoked but  if someone who does can take something 4rmgeneral conference that might help them try 
 all yall do is drink and smoke
 @nikoispotter236 do you even smoke
 what i really need is a friend to drive me around as i smoke weed and enjoy my music
 im trying to smoke some woods with you girl
 man come to vegas and i will give good weed and youll be great
 everyone can come to nevada and smoke with me.
 i dont smoke fam  
 when yo weed man not answering amp yo homie comes thru 
 can somebody smoke wit me
 idk what weed he smoking 
 needa smoke
 @savageray i have the smallest piece ever rn i have to smoke like 6 bowls from it to be high lmao
 @katramsland growing marijuana song  
 i be smoking a lot of weed  to keep you bitches off my mind 
 idk this a bad thing tbh idk the rules but ppl shouldnt smoke this shit indoors 
 i really only smoke wit my best friend ... or my lil cuzin thats it
 mr trump  where do you stand on marijuana reform
 i got shawty on the reefer now she kodak boppin
 lol if you thought you was too good to smoke weed in highschool and now buys 50 8ths yall the real funny ones 
 somebodys phone is on fire and were still in school mind you the hallway is smokey af 
 tried to be nice and let a mf come see me yesterday to smoke ..
 the russia did it amp all russia talk are a smoke screen to the political spying of one party on its competing party. 
 sometimes i like to smoke by myself and find out were my mind is at
 okay the weed part of this is very inaccurate but everything else i guess can fly lol 
 its 2017. if you still smoke cigarettes there must not be something right in your head
 yall sleep who tryna come smoke my trap out
 real gs gone smoke wherever
 .@amyewalter compares the gops governing challenge is like the smoke monster from lost. 
 somebody bout to smoke me up after i finish taking all these ged tests in one sitting
 i needa smoke
 i cant even smoke a wood without getting sleepy 
 tbh fellas if she has an attitude give her dick  feed her food  bring weed and wine. dont argue with me just do it. trust me
 do your squats  smoke your blunts and always keep raking in the cash ladies
 everyone who liked this tweet and did not smoke me out  ur dead to me. which was everyone btw farewell 
 standing in the rain for outdoor supervision at school. the weather doesnt seem to keep the diehard smokers away.
 all this molly  all these strippers  let me smoke my joint and keep that swisher
 need the name of ya weed man sir he must have that fire 
 who tryna chill and smoke
 @presalohabitch trolls need lives and counseling. deep deep therapy. lmao. let off some steam. smoke a joint. wash 
 cant fw a girl who has no self respect. who will sell their body for a couple of hundred dollars and a zip of weed. 
 ay whats that intro song called thats on free smoke by drake
 baby do you drink or smoke 
 lets smoke til we cant smoke nomore 
 i smoke ...... she was chill 
 life would be so ass without weed
 shit be boring when i cant smoke
 im trying to smoke but everyone is being lame
 you and all your friends go to parm and smoke weed while carrying you glocks around
 if yall hide ya guns amp weed like yall hide ya bms amp gfs yall ass wouldnt be in jail 
 cant stand you fucking poss who smoke cigs and everything while your pregnant youre whats wrong with this world. yall deserve to rot
 badadviceforparents once they are old enough to hold a blunt smoke weed with them
 styles seemed like the least marketable member of the lox at that time.  1 good song about weed changed everything. 
 600 breezy got the best free smoke
 jammin amp blazen so dont get angry at my tweets. chill out smoke a blunt quitbeinpuss jussbroccolibro
 this weed so good you cant smoke for free
 man this smoked salmon is the truth @ tony amp joes seafood place 
 got lil shorty smokin reefer now she kodak boppin
 i smoke me 23 to tha dome wen im alone 
 when you a text that youll be smoked out after school 
 most black women this generation  weave  tattoos and weed heads
 i need more female friends ... like lets drop the bullshit and just smoke a blunt.
 i need weed friends that i can pull up on with new strains to smoke amp so we can discuss dispensary power rankings.
 sometimes you cant find the exit  so you light a cigarette and create smoke signals something has got to give
 stop texting me asking to match. jasmine doesnt smoke
 i get some weird ass dreams when i dont smoke weed tbh..
 im smoking weed tryna keep count of the blood spills around my house
 leah come over here smoke my weed eat my food ampthen complain about both of em.  all activities will take place at her house from now on.
 im an angry person i gotta relax....clearly the weed only helps part time
 lets smoke and chill in my room 
 im just so over getting cheated on andor lied too  can i just smoke weed and be single 5ever lol
 yall really be smoking backwoods on the reg i cant. i would be dead rn i feel like my chest still hurts from the last one i smoked.
 i needa smoke some weed
 @youngpageviews i find it hard to believe you dont smoke weed
 cant wait for the weed emoticon so white girls can ruin it
 if you live in missouri an you smile weed an dont vote i cant fwy
 especially if you the one who brought up matching amp you not even the one wit the weed 
 lmao if you smoke without me ima slide you 
 finding weed you forgot about is the best feeling ever.
 for everyone who smokes weed  i wont be there but heres something for yall 
 i miss this blunt smokin smoke blowin daddy  
 kim y u acting like u smoke weed or something
 u roll my weed idk if you bumping daniel caesar
 i cant really do anything until you legalize marijuana.
 come on out and relax and smoke with us 
 go smoke a blunt or something.  you needa chill.
 cant see you with all this weed smoke
 ill match beer to weed if anyone wants to vibe the fuck out for a few hours and maybe crank some tunes and skate or some shit
 its getting hot now everybody wanna fight ima smoke me a nigga he come over here wit dat bs niggas dont have time
 im bored so immma smoke then go find myself a new purse 
 fav if you tryna smoke rn
 do you drink or smoke ill get you both 
 some of the most wisest people smoke weed 
 yall i really fw smoke  he so cool and smart af..people like that i can deal with.
 some smoke to chill others smoke to get crazy
 im blunt asf  not my problem you cant handle the smoke 
 if theres anything ive learned about british columbia  its that people here sure love smoking weed. walking down the street  even
 if i drink if i smoke i keep up with the guyd
 if i drink if i smoke  i keep up with the guys
 my girl kan only smoke cigs i hate a bitch w mild breath and all yall lil girls got it
 i need to smoke so bad rn
 yall pray for my friend vicky. she aint hurt or nothin just busted for smokin weed. prayforvicky
 sweet now i know how to smoke if i cant find something to smoke out of 
 since i cant smoke im going to have a beer
 even a weed has a seed @markchironna
 need somebody to smoke this gas with 
 who else wants to get smoked in 8ball
 @passantino i get the orange now. its color envy. and the smoke clears...
 that aint your girl smoke  thats everybodies friend
 everybody that has smoked with me knows i pearl all my woods and blunts
 how tf am i in la and i cant find no weed
 showing melissa video of my friend smoking   me this shit hurt my lungs.   melissa i cant even smoke air  me 
 find it and lets smoke 
 chilling smoking good weed
 son the worse feeling is getting off from work and theres no weed. 
 if i ever get so addicted to weed i smoke outta my fucking nose please kill me 
 my dad just said my phone comes out 420... weed day  wtf
 people in this shit funnier  yall chill wit anybody for a free smoke and some free meals  u hang wit a fraud u are 1
 i wish people would visit me drink smoke laugh but nope no friends
 got lil shawty off the weed now she kodak boppin paintingpictures
 engaged in crime i grasp my throat enraged my mind starts to smoke enforce a mental overload angry again angry again angry again megadeth
 old people out here thinking weed can cure anything.  yall tryna match or wtf
 @nickdevlin mike shannon  but tbh smoke shannon is a great nickname.
 come roll my weed and tell me im awesome girl
 ive been on invited to 3 separate smoke sessions but i cant go cause of this damn paper 
 i cant let him out smoke me
 somebody come smoke amp talk to me
 last name miller so everyone thinks you smoke 
 yall gotta smoke and drink to do everything 
 i want more smoke buddys bc my inner photographer comes out when im high and i love taking cute pics of my friends 
 .@brooklllynn    hella cool  weed   gauges   always got something funny to say
 lololol must be nice to smoke rn lolllolol
 tbh ima smoker.... as in i be smokin layups
 im smokin that strong  my weed is so powerful 
 well since i cant smoke  ill just get super drunk fuck it
 somebody smoke sumn 
 come through ill smoke you up
 this impossible i would never choose dick over weed.. u smoking flock u a jackass 
 someday youll meet someone wholl change the way you see everything...  so remember  dont ask him what kinda weed 
 @wizkhalifa im in la amp cant find no kk to smoke while i play my ep smoke 1 
 fuk all that talkin lets do it  these niggas out here shooting each other over money  weed  an gangs... not love nor family smh 
 just want a cool stoner chick to smoke and go on adventures with 
 i cant believe jakob made me smoke a marlboro red
 somebody match me no dutches though only smoke bowl .
 need a lil love and some weed rn
 the jatanya murrary girl was really on live tryna smoke that lol ass joint 
 are your friends really your friends if theyve never said lets smoke or you tryna match
 im not envious of ppl who can smoke cigarettes bc gross but i am envious of ppl who can be around them without breaking out in hives...
 i dont smoke that  but for you ill do anything so lets roll that
 hit this and listen to some smoove shit while you smoke  chill  study  playin games or whatever u doin 
 especially over no fucking weed
 @janale3 i just want somebody to smoke with 
 @youngdolph you make one more song i fucking like nigga i might come smoke for ya 
 idk but ur pretty lame to me if all you do is drink and smoke  do something with your life boy.
 this bitch is walking around outside asking randoms for weed.  broadcity
 why is it so hard to find a chill ass lady who will smoke herb  go shopping with me  pig out and binge watch netflix with me any takers
 okay but fr i love the taste smell and everything else about weed fuckkk you mean... 
 i really be chilling ...there is more to life than smoking weed..
 cant help but to smoke weed what else
 face drink and smoke it helps me duck when emotion jabs
 what do ducks smoke quack.
 what do ducks smoke quack
 im not tryna smoke this blunt alone soooo someone come thru
 i needa smoke 
 i get tried of niggaz saying thet wanna blow off rap amp invest they money in some you gone smoke up in a week 
 lmao.... got kicked out the club cause a cool ass bouncer let me bring my drink out to smoke a blunt. its all good tho 
 spring keeps you ever close you are secondhand smoke you are so fragile and thin  standing trial for your sins
 i wish my gym was open rn i need to work out or fuck or smoke or something to get my mind off shit
 not saying theres more weed coming up from the apartment below me than anything in the world but turns into pizza
 that feeling when you run outta weed amp youre like damn  i should have saved it for this exact moment
 for those who want the feeling of being high without the accompanying anxiety  smoke weed with higher cbd  than thc  themoreyouknow
 yes  those words really did just come to my fucked up mind. i sounded them out and everything. this is what my brain does on weed. 
 potent dope smoke  
 lil pump and smokepurrp stole dex whole adlib
 tbh i just need to start buying weed and smoking by myself
 when you get invited out and they smoke ya up  gas the car and buy you dinner. real friends.
 claim you dont smoke but up at 45 in the morning smoking
 honestly if all you do is sit around and smoke all day  i cant be friends with you.
 it looks like a time when a group of females come smoke your weed and dont come off nothing 
 chill you in your feelings baby  just roll up the weed. 
 food amp nap dates would be best but if you smoke i can definitely sit and chill with you while you smoke and talk ab 
 i need girl friends wholl smoke w me
 all i want rn is boba n sum dank ass weed
 somebody is putting something in your weed 
 3 more days tucson arizona come in to cigarwarehouse have a smoke with the rollerforthestars cigarporn 
 none of them nigga can perform free smoke nigga i write songs i cant even do so that helping shit a lie he has gho 
 i really dont see the problem. they got their shit  and we got ours. if i need crappy low grade weed  ill call you.
 i will find it. and i will smoke it. 
 i hate wen people come stand by me and smoke 
 yall heard my dawgstrapdafool april 10th come smoke come all free dedicated to the stoners 
 bro somebody come to my job. we can smoke when i get off lol
 my professor just told the asshole in class asking if he could smoke on the job if you want to get stoned  drink wet cement. 
 no better feeling than being smoked out i swear
 everybody promoting the shit out they weed
 oh man 420 is coming up i cant wait to see all the weed you cool guys are smoking on my timeline
 i need to start smoking weed again  i cant deal with the bullshit any longer 
 @gilbertssocial smokes meat everyday  fresh the smell alone is worth the trip better come get 
 smoking weeds chill
 @callmepapij weed.. lol
 i just want to chill  smoke  drink  and be cool.
 yall live for bitches and blunts we live for weed and money
 @jerseyoriginal its a joke  plus they can afford to smoke. but cant pay for their car
 everybody that smokes weed better start turning drug commercials  they are the enemy now not cops  we are taking business away  they are mad
 that avi  holy smokes  good genes in our family i guess @brinsleee
 they got me itchin ta let this .45 off. im tryna chill and smoke heavy in my old chevy.
 im tha logo of my town. you still smoke brown.
 @burnttoast1017 @mrhawks19 well you cant go around smoking weed either
 this why i smoke weed to keep me calm when bad shit like this happens everyday 
 we dont smoke the same.. 
 slowly but surely cutting back from weed. im better without it
 describes me i only come for portland and free smoke really 
 stop treating marijuana like coke 
 whos relatively close by and wants to smoke a blunt or two with yours truly 
 nope  youre cool. weed is lame 
 i got shawty in the reefer now she kodak boppin
 lol my doctor this morning told me smoking weed causes depression and insomnia  lol somebody lying son
 pho realsssss weed wednesday @ sriracha in nashville  tn 
 havent meet one nigga that smoke weed that wasnt lame.  
 if i drink if i smoke i keep up with the guys
 light that smoke for giving up on me and one just cause theyll kill you sooner than my expectations
 clear shit up iont sell weed i smoke the shit   an i smoke the best shit an if i feel like sharing ill hyu an say i got bud on deck
 im friends with a bunch of non smokers so when i do smoke they be looking at me cross eyed nshit
 if u like to do cool shit like paint  pictures  video  digital art  fashion  we come smoke later. im sick of yall not knowing each other
 friends hit me up tomorrow  lets smoke and watch movies at my crib
 cant believe weed is more important then a human being damn what drugs do to you.
 rolled a blunt never smoked it
 i hope i can survive these two months without weed bro 
 come to my crib we can spark nd get lifted  go up in smoke just like im a magician.
 so when are you going to free the weed  andy  @nygovcuomo
 then smoke all they friends out weed that her friends didnt bye girl bye 
 @theivthking to slave your life away and pay taxes only to drink amp smoke to deal with the stress of it all.. 
 they still going on about them girls that stile dude weed. youre cant be rude when ppl steal your shit 
 lets just smoke and chill out
 its always the cute girls that smoke and that shit just  too me i cant fw a girl that smoke
 its funny asf when people think i smoke weak shit 
 last year this time i hadnt even seen weed in my life. now all of my friends are pot heads woooowwwww
 if you cant smoke and blast @excision idk if i can hang with you  
 if i ever get this high someone please never let me smoke again 
 buying weed you needa but a window for your fuckin van  
 dont come to my section if you aint gone smoke sumn.
 there is just something about cute bubbly happy girls who can roll their own weed.
 i honestly dont see how yall smoke everyday like ....
 i drink amp smoke to fill the sadness bc a chain of events just keep happening 
 bruh best song to drop the top or smoke to trust me on this lmfao nobody @ me 
 why cant everyone just smoke like me just gimme a quiet place and lemme roll my weed.
 and you can smoke the best marijuana legally lol
 females dont be smoking fr  cant even make it through a whole blunt but always ready to smoke lol
 i smoke n i drink they say issa problem
 i find it so funny that my work had to send an email telling people to not smoke weed in the elevators. damn children.
 i want to meet someone who doesnt have to smoke and drink just to have fun...thats all
 we still dont know the impact recreational marijuana will have on the city. @mayorschieve rsj207
 funna smoke this blunt 
 come and smoke with us 
 yo i feel special everybody tryna smoke me out today lol
 this is why i smoke weed  i cant deal with situations like this
 pro life hack if youre feeling tired after lunch  smoke some crack. itll give you energy and help burn some calories from your meal.
 when bae know im upset and say come over lets drink patron  eat ice cream  smoke hookah   and watch emperors new groove 
 like uhhh yes you need a medical card. im not your classic weed man lady.
 tonight though guelphlife all my people in guelph come thru and smoke a blunt welovehiphop 
 if you want the weed you need to bring yo bitch ass to come get it  thats the one right theaaa
 @maiyaaaaaaaa the song with t scott  the song with thug  free smoke  the song after free smoke  the song after that song.
 dont take offense but  i wish i had more active friends. like i need more friends that have similar common interest aside from weed.
 too bad im at class tonight. have to host my own forum at washoedems to get more engaged voters info on marijuana 
 @plexiglassgate yo man do you smoke weed or something
 beats and coffee at 10 pm. come hangout and smoke a hookah and lets keep getting lit
 obsessed with the distilled oil i get from oregon  clear as water and i dont wanna smoke anything else 
 hey who wants to smoke me out since im dry and my shipment comes tomorrow
 someone should come to my apartment after work with some weed so we can chill. i want some company.
 when you cant smoke while taking your sat 
 if they take peabodys guest privedgles away bc u stoners keep makin the smoke detector go off ill be pissed bc all my frands live there
 i made a deal w one of my friends that i wouldnt smoke for six months and im really regretting it atm 
 lmao im the high cousin who sneaks off with someone on thanksgiving to go smoke spark up. 
 somebody come smoke me out  im in the mood
 you cant smoke all that 
 breaks are the best cuz i can smoke and go back into work lit asf and every thing is just great
 ew when you start singing that chain smoker song before realising its that trash song ew at myself
 when you imply free weed  and they imply easy pussy  but nobody get what they wanted so now you mad  lame ass n 
 so everyone smokes now ..
 fam i cant find anyone to come to the drive in movie tour with me on 4.20 if i go solo are you goona hang amp smoke up with me  @modsun
 why do guys think come over and smoke is the new pickup line
 the dr. asks morgan if she smokes marijuana and we both look at each other and try so hard to keep a straight face 
 somebody come smoke me up
 i love my job i do as i please  i get free weed and drinks  i get phone numbers and make new friends  i could not ask for anything more 
 lately ive been counting money smoking the best weed having sex and getting great head so i cant complain
 i be that buff guy without a shirt riding a orange penny board on huntington beach say wassup will smoke some green 
 low key respect the girls who come to the gym in a full smokey eye u do u girl and work it
 im just trynna smoke why everyone being dumb rn
 cant wait for tony to get out of work so he can come be laid up with me and smoke this fattty 
 honestly  if a friend smokes you out constantly and you never offer anything in return  ur a shit friend
 blood lust smokers  etd keep marijuana in illegalization 
 do you ever smoke and sit there and wonder how youll die. or is that just me 
 damn lowkey want to smoke rn
 food  weed  bundles  clothes  a car  
 wed just rather be the one in the back of the party smoking weed with nothing but curiosity surrounding. nothatin smoke blaze weed duh
 stoned off his gourd lmao me as fuck well not recently im sober somebody smoke me out lol
 i smell weed idk why lmao
 when the roommates come smoke with you 
 @krissbriss that place is crazy asf... reason why i smoke now 
 and weed and my girl 
 i need somebody to smoke with
 like he started smoking something else other than weed. 
 and here i thought buddah lovaz was a love song. turns out its about niggas lovin weed  so i guess it is a love song. 
 dont sleep on smokepurpp
 need more female friends that can smoke as fat as me and keep up  where yall @@@@@
 @mreverything22 well i mean its not weed lol.. but its straight good with a drink...
 super scared to do anything else besides weed   all that other shit is definitely not my cup of tea .
 why i smoke or drink to keep my animal instincts from creepin out.
 ima keep doing me and smoke this weed
 come over n smoke w me
 @dibari22 lmao im sure you did  but people better believe when i say its smoke watch everybody count him out unt 
 colorado voting to make recreational cannabis processors immediately into medical processors if the feds take any action. fuck yeah.
 no ones ever down to come smoke hookah w me 
 good weed is so hard to find
 @ptrzykd  it was to no smoke the first song
 i smoked a joint amp got mad because i wasnt high and it all just hit me at once
 yo .@saraiknowledge just read your article in weed world  had no idea weed could have such a good impact keep telling the good word
 im a smoke this herb n chill.
 if i cant smoke w you ur not my friend
 you know why my step dad is really fucking tight because he used to sit in the garage and smoke his joints while watching the office 
 song got a nigga in his feelings but its cool cuz i got dope to smoke and bong to choke on @ 
 i need more friends that smoke
 mdma and clean soft open ur mind the smartest people in the world might not smoke but will indulge to open the mind
 got lil shawty on the reefer now she kodak boppin
 as smokepurpp once said wokhardt
 condoms  weed  and lotion wavy like the ocean i got no emotions
 i think im addicted to smoking weed now
 why is it so hard to believe that i dont drink or smoke
 i have no weed. no fucking friends. single asf. so guess what  fuck life right now fuck it
 do all the chill niggas smoke weed
 also he just planted weed on clay so im 10x more pissed fuck you marcus 
 are smokepurpp and lil pump the 2017 propr boyz but bad
 i got lil shawty on the reefer now she kodak boppin
 when people come into fire amp smoke and ask for vegan options i lose my shit everytime. not even the salads bud. 
 somebody smoke wit ya boy
 shits different when you get your own place lmao all i do is work eat party smoke amp drink i seriously gotta stop hanging with bad people
 i cant smoke amp go to public places bc ill laugh at little things no one else realizes amp i look like an idiot 
 a nigga also just wants to chill with his best nigga and smoke a blunt and forget about everything but nahhhhh.
 me what do you want for your birthday jeremy weed.
 the trump wh propaganda machine is nothing but a conveyor belt of lies  misdirection and smoke screens. you cant believe the wh bullshit. 
 pineapples on pizza slap  yall smoked dont @ me tho
 drinking by myself everyday yall cant hang  ill out drink and smoke 95 yall facts
 idgaf who gets mad at me but if you smoke in front of your kids your dumb asf exposing their poor little lungs to that 
 im want friends who smoke with  likes to go on wild adventures  and wanna take over the world
 fuck everything ugh i just needa smoke 
 i want friends that smoke and wanna go on wild adventures
 cant believe im about to say this  but i need a smoke.
 everyone that i went to elementary school with... lets smoke a blunt together this summer
 if you judge someone because they smoke weed then keep your ass away from me
 i am bored as shit someone come smoke over and chill
 i smoke weed just to keep my head clear honestly i could stop any day 
 i think kim kardashian is going to be a guest on holly smokers  she is going to cook for the fat bikers 
 faded rn and my parents were talking to me about weed
 lol... im not a good girl bc i smoke boy at least i smoke in my own home and dont go around searching for a sesh to jump in on.
 hell ya copped a smokers club ticket for only 55  the come up 
 im so heartbroken someone find me weed in cali asap if u ever loved me or hated me
 cause when the smoke clears youll still be here thru the pain and the tears all these years
 need more friends i can smoke amp vibe with i swear they the best people to hold conversations with
 @katelovie7 @hezahh @tinathefatlard smoke a joint girl you seem a lil salty
 over a dime of weed...mans got this angry over a dime bag fam i cant believe this 
 whos up rn i just got out of work and im tryna smoke 
 i just ate edibles and now im dabbin and about to smoke hella
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a miiiiiidnight toker. i get my lovin on the ruuuuun  
 @pfranklin81 look up smoke chambers
 i gotta find a smoke buddy...this not working i like smoking with people i dont mind sharing like some of the brokies its always more
 fr was in the beamer w dimillio smoked a backwood
 holy smokes. i cant even  
 you cant smoke gas so girl quit actin with it
 now i cant trust my new chick  blunt gutted rolled then i lit  you off the mind  smoke rolls               over my eyelids
 stop smoking now or cut back gradually.if you cant quit the first time keep trying.if you dont smoke dont starthealthylungs
 i only smell like weed  i cant help it 
 i really dont be wanting to smoke but i feel like id be happier if i did..
 i smoke 200 blunts just 2 get me thru da nigh amp then i text her back like we aint gotta fight rollup wit my niggas amp u kno we keep it tight
 cant date someone who smokes 
 @vioient too bad everyone in st pete is dry as hell lmfaoooo couldnt find anything but brick weed but i guess thats why detroit is my home
 if you use a grinder.... u cant smoke w me
 if you hold the blunt like a conversation... u cant smoke w me
 if you work super hard to make sure people know youre not high... u cant smoke w me
 if you bring some corn into my house and that shit not on a cob..... u cant smoke w me
 im so goofy and when im down  that shit hit me twice as hard because im used to feeling up amp thats why i smoke.
 okay i lied. not completely  im not going to tell them i drank or smoke or anything like that. though i positive  they somewhat know
 one of futures best verses is on smoke break. facts
 how yall manage to ruin weed 
 if everybody smoked weed  the world would be a better place
 when you have everything you need to get high except the weed ltltlt
 all the smoke screens being blown in washington...wow the dems must be scared of something
 @michaelgaree trump administration creates so much chaos and smoke  its hard to see anything clearly. example hou 
 errbody needa just smoke a blunt and watch cartoons
 @iamdavidshelton figures. hope you are not a smoker.
 been smoking weed for a good decade now fam. i like what i like amp im very specific about it. im stuck in my ways when it comes to preference
 your mcm smokes flavored cigarillos bc he cant roll a backwood 
  i focus my mind  stay comitted like weeding rings  i can do anything really mean anything 
 im jealous of everyone who can just sit down smoke n chill i wish could .. my lifestyle not easy
 smoking weed and playin kodak
 i got a couple friends that only use me for weed 
 i left florida to come to indy last night amp i brought weed in my suitcase w me amp i actually got through w it 
 there is always that one friend in the group thats tatted up  would rather smoke then drink and nobody can control
 dont ever smoke a cigarette on depauls campus bc youll have six random ass people minimum come up to you and ask for one
 lil pump and smokepurpp will blow up dont @ me
 baby been through drama  his last girl hella drama. so come kick it with ya girl we aint even gotta smoke  ill have ya eye like a rasta
 lmaoo my teacher was explaining how she just re potted some plant.. my teacher said guess what kind.. this girl in my class yells weed
 why do all these marines keep asking me for weed jarediniraq 
 @hbcuworldstar plus everybody like weed wtf
 im just smoking weed tryna find tha truth about a lot of things
 im just trying to fucking chill and smoke a bowl with this girl and this mofo wont give me my weed.
 im just trying to chill and smoke with this girl.
 when yall come back what r yall gone say when someone asks what yall did  i uhhh just smoked drank partied on the beach 
 i swear everybody smokes weed except me lol
 hate when i walk in school and i be high and somebody wanna scream out you high or you smell lole weed like duh gone on
 i got lil shorty on the reefer now she kodak bopping
 shes just a friend i was sleeping i just smoke with her  it aint even like that that bitch ugly asf i woul 
 come smoke some weed amp chill out w craigex amp @raekwon at weedsglassandgifts6657mainst tomorrow 
 oh yeaaaa i aint gon fight her yea ima hold her arms amp stuff nyquil down her throat while i smoke a bacc wood 
 im real live trynna fuck and smoke  rn. 
 the longer im single the longer i realize i dont want a relationship. just chill w me  smoke w me and relax me when i need it thats it
 .@atcems chief of staff k2 is not marijuana or anything like it. it is a mix of chemicals that harm peoples bodies like nothing else.
 mr. weed just told me im that i never say hi to him anymore and looked genuinely sad and it made me sad
 so what the god shiva does is drink a lot of weed
 mr. weed just told me with the saddest look on his face that i never say hi to him anymore and it made me sad 
 im really sad can someone bring me food and come smoke w me
 starting a live feed on my instgram  follow @livebmore.brat   to watch me paint n smoke before i hit the beach 
 i smoke with my big cousins lol im the youngest
 smoke a lot of weed to keep these bitches off my mind ..
 now he gotta be a nigga that dont smoke and drink cause he muslimyall wild
 why do attractive girls have to smoke cigarettes
 @aceflaco at the cribby rn  you got smoke
 cant believe i just got accused of smoking weed with a 13 year old im laughing so hard
 who got the best weed 
 jerseycitylawyer university trademark licensing denial goes up in smoke  @jdsupra 
 @ericspracklen smoke signals from warren. she sent up different smoke signals in 2013. chief elizabeth must have changed bed pans.
 4hours til expertjointslive  smoke weeds everyday w weedsglassandgifts6657mainst on 
 @xofficialangel  you must want smoke  
 i need to find a hairdresser that allows smoking lol. id love to just smoke a couple blunts while getting my hair twisted 
 man i always come to class and find weed crumbs on my shirt
 got a smokepurpp amp lil pump tix for no jumper show  who wanna buy 
 @imkeondra i cant even find nobody to deliver me weed
 i always be telling my granny that yonna smoke weed 
 bouta shower if anyone that is my friend wants to be my friend or share smoke or listen to music or some   bang my line
 i really love hempz self tanner fam
 i refuse to smoke joes idgaf how stressed i get
 my new best friend might be this indian man at the smoke shop
 @asiayoo you got mad over something to smoke and i got mad over mampms nobodys ungrateful get over it
 come to my apt n smoke a cig with meh
 have yall ever smoked paper
 glock in my benz  smokepurpp 
 roll me up some weed and ignore all this lame ass shit
 its 420 smoke something bitch
 its 420 smoke something bitch
 rolled so much damn weed up with my feet up we dont come in last
 we discovered the fresh amazing lemonade on our most recent trip to omc smokehouse and we are now addicted to the 
 do you drink or smoke 
 somebody smoke wit a nigga 
 you cant tell me summer 16 and free smoke aint the same god damn song. 
 got lil shawty on the reefer now she kodak boppin
 venting to him cause he called amp told me some wild shit. how im feeling could go really bad if i dont have weed in meeee pronto.
 @vanhoofenstein wait  weed isnt even medically prescribed in utah
 i cant stand the people that smell like weed
 when the weed is sticky af  the grinder wont even grind lol
 aint nobody safe   free smoke for everybody
 tomahawk missiles costed around 95 million smoke em if ya got em. 
 the best friends are the ones you would rather smoke your tree with than without @biancaok love you 
 start your day the hempful way @ phoenix  arizona 
 ima find out who in my dads village smokes trees  we gon be best friends this whole reunion smoke their ass out and eat all the food 
 if snoop dogg or willie nelson amp other chill ppl were prez  theyd just be like ok  smoke weed. youll feel better 
 rumor has it if u say xanax 3x in tha mirror lil pump amp smokepurpp come out yellin esskeddit lol
 smokescreen and where theres a smokescreen  theres a friend to the russians  hard at work on destroying our de 
 who can come swoop me for school when anatomy class over  ill smoke w you
 @north215 exactly. like idk why we ask our politicians about gay marriage  legalizing weed or anything else
 i got lil shawty on that reefer now she kodak boppin
 ima need some new friends to smoke w now
 somebody pull up match me got like 3 different weeds on lol
 @lovelyleshell shit pretty good amp she right down the street  ampampampampamp replys with the quickness  her ass a super weed seller
 im mad this really making up her own weed names 
 howwhere is a girl supposed to get weed in farmville someone help me
 wingstop amp weed date w my manz 
 come smoke me out ... so i know we are friends
 snowflakes i have the pleasure of watching the democratic party burn down before my eyes  smoke them if you got them lmao
 yk you need to chill out when smoking weed stresses you out
 @jimgeraghty i think these might be characters from the weed agency 
 got this one in arizona smoke that california
 ughhh i hate how people keep asking me to smoke.  like i cant stop rubbing it in. 
 and i smoke a lotta weed to keep them niggas off my mind
 how do you smoke a cig wo looking trashy asking 4 a friend 
 one thing i cant stand is smoking w girls who dont know how to smoke 
 people say im addicted to weed but i really think im addicted to root beer
 im picky about every lil thing in my life .. my friends  my food   weed   females  music  clothes lol everything
 u cant smoke no black n mild w me 
 when yo friend dont smoke nomore so u face everything 
 my brother picks me up to smoke.. i come out the crib with my shoe in my hand.... i already got shoes on amp im not even high yet... lmaoo
 you dont want smoke w my gang 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  keep sharing the new wave
 thought id never smoke a rello again  wow somebody come get me
 somebody smoke something
 bitches are wild  weed has never made me want to have sex.. ever omm
 so while im here ima just smoke a blunt then chill  nothing else to do
 i dont beg friend now   weed is my best friend .. some boys wey a talk in a lip mi no trust them
 tryna chill smoke amp study 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  lets keep sharing the wave
 i needa smoke 
 just gonna smoke my weed and leave everything alone. i did my part and made my peace with it all. tired of asking people to be real with me.
 i put the story on the paper and the weed in the air hightimes trill wavy denver @ denver  
 lmfaookooooofkdkahdogusb i do not be wanting to smoke no damn blunts  
 papers and grabba only please or u cant smoke with me
 not your average cannabis.  bestscent @jakekelsey @ black caviar 
 that legal marijuana cant come soon enough  now the election reform is off the table. i want to become comfortablynumb
 @sendeanheller @andypuzder  invest in cannabis is blowing up hope on the train we have many people wanting to learn
  cant outsmoke da smoke dawg  
 if my mom could stop asking me if i smoke weed like ill ever admit to that lmao
 but you know i got no friends and they are super busy so ill smoke this cig and gts 
 @clayddev @cheria63 @buhbuhbilly @marcorubio youre funny. do you smoke crack you seem like you do.
 making new friends through smoking weed gtgtgtgtgtgt
 nomsmokers what comes to yall mind when somebody is around that smells like weed
 yall ever have the smokers equivalent though and ill come. as long as i dont gotta dress up lol
 cant smoke no more thats how hungry i am lol
 @andymilonakis drum circle every sunday at the beach keeps the community close lol but the weed prices are wild.
 why does every cute girl who comes into thr gas station smoke  im so upset. except for amazing smile girl  she didnt.
 cant w8 to get off amp smoke 
 cant relate to anything to do with or anybody who smokes weed regularly. why tf would i ever want to do something to make myself more lazy
 i just found a reddit thread of the best views in arlington so who wants to take me to them and smoke w me while we there
 we cant match if you dont smoke woods
 heyyyyyyyy somebody who doesnt have a dick cause cody will kill me come smoke a blunt with me i got some hoop tea and snacks
 lol when all your family is part of the nsa and are mormons then my family are the hippies who grow weed.. family gatherings are just bad
 diy weed amp feed for turf areas. @ the home depot 
 addicted like hennessy   addicted like weed...
 if anyone think any of them plastic pistol boys is off the hook is smoked . ill knock all 3 them lame boys out but yet they wont even meet
 why cant everyone just smoke like meeeeeee
 @thefive   let it roll  the dem party is showing what is left after the smoke clears. bunch of wild bigots...against middle class  whites.
 i cant  believe someone brought cocaine and weed to school
 lol i have no friends  all i do is do homework and smoke
 @chancetherapper smokebreak is the move
 its honestly just because my mom cant smoke in the car and its so fucking annoying.
 why is it so hard to find weed in sa
 me to my sister have you ever smoked weed her reply no but vaping is cool
 its henny and coke time happy thirsty thursday everyone got that fire pack come smoke with 
 just had surgery  somebody come scoop so we can smoke or match.
 i got a bottle and a bag of weed at home w my name on it 
 i swear you smoke with someone once and they start calling you gang lol naaaaah
 mango juul have landed  call now to reserve your pod. nyc best smoke shop hellskitchen 
 id like to smoke 12 blunts with all my ferrum friends  where yall at
 my bf always invites his mom in our room to smoke w us and it would be fine w me if it was ever anyone elses weed but mine
 the boy figuring out some smoke on the water chords and an interesting sound effect from an unnamed female member o 
 it must be the ganja 
 all these corny ass springfield niggas always tryna rep gangs  smoke and chill w ya gay ass niggas fytb
 i cant sleep it smells like smoke  im going bald
 yall getting yall tax money just come n invest n sum weed lol
 i ran out of alien weed and am losing respect
 i really cant believe how heavily i used to smoke blacks smh
 somebody smoke some.
 @charleskinbote @boringstein blunt smokers stock up or hang on.
 rolled my first extendo and cant eeen smoke it 
 needa smoke asap
 keep in mind theyve had recreational weed for over a decade...
 yall live for bitches and blunts  we live for weed and money
 doctor do you drink do you smoke what do you smoke do you take part in any drugs mr. silva  that includes street drugs chill doc
 doctor do you drink do you smoke what do you smoke do you take part in any drugs mr. silva  that includes street drugs chill doc
 k state must not have weed cause niggas are hitting me up asking for some lmao
 about to be on some smoke and chill shit
  if you cant make a profit growing and selling cannabis  youre doing it wrong
 @dafnbest @chiefjerm you can come get this smoke tomorrow bro
 everyone around me wants to smoke and i cant and it sucks
 im just trying to chill  smoke and vibe with some people.
 everybody claim they smokers but when i pull up with 5 blunts they tap out 
 if cant hotbox 5 blunts and hit the bong you cant smoke with me
 @wizkhalifa smoke chambers need to be on the charts 
 i need a girl who will smoke with me  drink with me  spoil my dog with me  and most importantly battle these hard times with me.
 someone come thru amp smoke w me
 nah ill probably smoke with you tbh 
 chill lmao you got me to smoke before 
 @faithannparks hempz amp better than sexgtgt 
 if you need to party   or drink or smoke to have fun then you dead wack 
 smoke a lot of weed to keep these nighas off my mind.
 that gotta be the white kids lmaoo if someone sent me  i would think he tryna sell me some food weed
 @paytonmariexo we gotta smoke for our birthdays i come home around yours 
 our uber driver told me amp lauren hes high rn lmfaoo boutta smoke w him 
 bout to smoke n slump
 anyone trynna chill smoke get some yogurt or somethin
 @mzsmurfqueen i think think pittsburgh needs a new defensive coordinator also keep the players off the weed with the receivers we have win
 emani dont need to smoke w me no more 
 im just tryin to smoke and chill lol
 if i ever share my weed with you  you special asf 
 the latest tamron hall. inch by inch  black pundits amp hostsll b weeded out. which is y we shld prioritize our own networks n the 1st place
 you have me addicted like hennessy  addicted like weed
 cant wait to just chill and smoke at my own place
 i ran out of milk. cannabis brownies dont go well with vodka and lemonade. oh  well
 i cant smoke when im mad. that shit turn me up
 honestly what would i do without weed 
 after that shit  someone come smoke an lay up wit me rs 
 friends who sit out side n wait for you to smoke even tho they dont smoke
 youll see me rise from the ashes of a volcano  wreathed in flowers like a mermaid who smokes seaweed and saves you 
 dont hit me up for nothing more than a smoke  a drink  some music  or homework help.
 somebody smoke a bleezy w meeee
 when marijuana comes up as a topic of discussion and everyone stares at you thinking you smoke 
 yeah idc you can be addicted to weed
 @crystalcarterr they must not hang around people that smoke. its crazy how it can consume someones whole life. people be chasing highs
 ive had the best conversations in a smoke sesh lol 
 @skylarraquel wont let me come over and smoke her out already got the blunts rolled too 
 somebody pull up amp smoke w me 
 someone come over w a laptop and hang out and smoke. 
 fucking til the sun come up  then thats when we smoke and i cook you breakfast naked
 everybody always wanna come to my house to smoke when they get off they night shift. lmao. im literally up any time
 smoke alot of weed to keep them bitches off ya mind
 i got friends and marijuana @annavandriel
 i smoke the best weed you gone find in the world
 @alizemontes33 ur twitter always makes me so sad that i cant skate or smoke rn
 only drug weed got me on is more fye weed. 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  keep sharing this track
 @newscannabis keep the hemp value of it.. 50 000 uses..
 wet a nigga like a rain coat famous amous got my own smoke 
 i wish i had some weed to smoke rn 
 im high asf rn and this girl on my bus sitting behind me is on the phone and said this bus smells like marijuana baddd
 really not tryna smoke this bc i got shit to do 
 smfh cant we all smoke weed and chill 
 we cant smoke if you dont smoke woods
 who says anything about weed  
 debating on wanting to go to smoke on the water or not 
  jenny come thru and smoke   caile   i luv my plug
 cant even smoke bc im ready freeze 
 @marjwoo come over ill smoke u up
 i needa leave school amp smoke an l rn. 
 @tpm i really cant deal with his weedy voice.
 does weed have carbs in it
 when youre waiting on your friend to take you to dinner but hes busy smoking weed with lena dunham 
 anxietyin5words this fucking identity crisis country. i cant even enjoy my weed with yall stressed out mofos. stressing me out.
 i have a friend who loves to have my over and smoke weed. im all set in life rn tbh
 i have a friend who loves to have me over and smoke weed. im all set in life rn tbh
 and i forgot i had some weed on me  im like damn somebody got that  and its me 
 do yall bump smokepurpp
 this dont come from the store it come from the weedman. @wizkhalifa 
 @shelbyjoelong he only smokes when he drinks..........
 this why i dont smoke lol i cant see 
 like everybody smoke woods
 @carlows95 sounds like dont leave anything that you can smoke weed out of at  my crib lol
 for those of you who dont believe me when i say i smoke weed as part of my job  i literally smoke weed as part of 
 bad news the backup weed has weed but no zigzags  lmao that bible doe..... no i cant.... or can i... no i cant
 yall got hella weed but no money. cant even fully feed ya munchies. cant relate.
 she can smoke and she can drink as much as i can she made me food and rolled a joint when i broke my hand. 
 if they only hit you up to smoke yall arent friends
 this gone be the first song i smoke too when i  get out of school 
 yall ever smoke wet
 @cloudn9nesyrup niggas that drink this needa just stick to smoking weed
 if i can find someone that can keep up with me when i smoke and is also attractive then i will be set
 no friends i swear i always smoke alone lol smh
 need to invest in the legal marijuana game.
 i smoke too much  the problems of a 20something i drink too much  theres liquor pouring from the faucet
 i really cant smoke dutches no more shits so disgusting to me now
 when a cop comes and sits beside you after youve smoked hella blunts wit ya friends 
 free weed is the best weed
 everybody smoke 
 lol me and this man @netherfriends just smoked a backwood and made a song from scratch in 20 minutes 
 lol smoke 
 cant eat  cant workout  cant smoke argeela and heads getting hot. well daaaaamn kird o othrib el marath 
 why is everyone picking up straight  weed and telling everyone they got the best smh 
 i need a girl friend that i can smoke then go to the mall with 
 just need to smoke my lungs out tbh
 i want a marriage where my wife and i wld much rather go out  smokedrink  tlk  laugh  eat  etc w each other over doing it w our friends.
 that new lil pump x smokepurpp is hard
 ok  ill post the schizofrenchchick come to the us without enough  and smoke crack with the yell house guy song...  
 smellin like a pound of weed  just walked into wells fargo 
 everybody and they motha smoke in the 845..
 @funder @washtimes i think theres a forest fire  worth of smoke  i dont believe in conspiracy theories but i believe theres a pee tape
 listen to movin ft smokepurpp prod.ronnyj by lil pump  
 so a nigga who raped me can sue me for wanting an abortion... but i still cant legally smoke my blunt in peace. fuck the system dawg.
 hang n smoke w me
 im having weed withdrawal rn
 its a smoke and chill type night
 im having.... feelings... must smoke weed
 tbh the weed lol 
 i can legally smoked marijuana now 
 its firstfriday over at @cigarsintl hamburg store ill be spinning  come thru and smoke. 
 yas maam  and when you get there we gone come out to smoke. 
 i really only want to smoke when im bored so if i do something else instead of smoking when im bored itll kill t 
 @chancetherapper we all smoke its ok 
 just remembered... i ran outta weed . hmm 
 bored ass shit in this house without no weed
 being able to smoke whereverwhenever is really the best smoke
 ayy man the folks that i work with some smokers this sometin else
 might have to do this smoke sesh w everyone else here 
 wym  you can smoke and chill. best thing to ever do 
 does anyone else have the black american eagle jeggings and they smell like cigarette smoke even after washing them
 shawty come roll my weed
 i cant believe i saw smokey the bear dab today
 im about to buy hella bud who tryna smoke w me  
 some one smoke w me
 i cant wait to own property in the future and maybe a farm so i can legally grow marijuana lol
 @chippewaskylark i just smoke weed lmao its the best for me   plus i have anxiety
 swear when i have weed i be smoking it wit everybody smh but nobody does the same yall corny
 @trobaugh22  what ur doing now is better for you than anything people our age can bring to the table.. keep grinding and come smoke soon
 @xxjvpit3r we got to make a deal if one of us finds them we cant smoke it unless together
 i can finally drink and smoke without getting shit now
 i cant find no weed in houston bro
 somebody come help me smoke this zip
 why cant we go anywhere without you trynna smoke tf
 sometimes ya need to just chill with some friends and smoke a few blunts and realize everything going to be okay
 if any one wants some of the 2 smoke tomorrow meet me at 15
 when you vibe to @gorillaz and smoke weed  you cant go wrong
 i dont smoke weed to be cool   i smoke weed because when im high i have no worries in the world and its the best feeling ever 
 when you cant close the yearbook @ hempstead high school dubuque  iowa 
 still got that dub  @ hempstead high school dubuque  iowa 
 know any dmv female artists with good smoke songs lt3 1vsm
 i needa smoke
 that old feeling kicked in and i was good to go  snowboarding gatlinburg @ smokey mountains 
 idk why my friends like hanging out late asf im hella sleepy and on bars and we finna smoke wow rip me
 i must have a lot of time on my hands  sitting down to smoke a 7 inch cigar 
 idk how to diet without smoking weed. it so hard
 someone come smoke the bday girl me out real quick 
 bout to smoke some with the cousins
 who wants to come over and smoke and hear stories from the trip
 im really so cranky without weed
 do you drink or smoke
 i was trying to be sober amp my fucking cousin handed me a bag of weed well fuck 
 i want to smoke till i cant remember  and drink till i cant feel..
 @chill417 @seor yeah  granny loves weeds im just the oddball i guess.
 time for some drinks and cards dahl smoke 
 lil pump n smoke purp always kill it
 codeine crazy is the best song to smoke and drank to on a late night drive
 i smoked spirits 4 a brief period bc everyone around me was so i thought they must b the shit n i just kept waiting 2 feel something lolol
 @gahannafootball some parents are ok with sitting in the weeds. jump in and be apart of it. if the parent jumps in the kid will dive in 
 someone come smoke a girl up 
 i need a girl friend that will come over and smoke with me  so sick of smoking by myself.. any takers 
 wish i had something to do or somebody to smoke with ... 
 30 from hempstead a problem fr
 come smoke
 dude my friends mom grinds up weed for him as we drive like i wish ..dude i just wish lmao
 having weed but not even wanting to smoke it is an interesting feeling. its like control.
 meg dared the uber driver to let us smoke in the car lmao
 100 less attractive if you smoke 
 especially this desk clerk shit. if i had weed it would be on and popping lmaoo and like 3 wine coolers....
 pick me. take me to dranks and weed. and food because fat
 someone smoke w me my family is knocked w sloppy lmao
 so much hate and envy cant do nun but smoke
 i can deal with black amp mild smoke more than cigarette smoke
 see man this is why i smoke and not drink smh im too fucked up
 you see who your real friends are when you pregnant. and cant smoke nor drink. lets see if they wanna hang out just to eat nahhh
 all i do is smoke drink and party and shouldnt be a dad you obviously dont know me  hateallyawant
 bro my parents be hiding my weed on purpose now i cant find it 
 i found weed at the transit ... and i gave it to my friend lmao
 i need more girl friends who smoke 
 ppl are lame. if anyone wants to smoke until i work come overrr
 well daddy just got home so i got company but that means i cant smoke in the house now 
 i wish i had someone to hold my cigarette while i smoked it bc im so lazy rn lol
 i just walked out of my house at 2 in the morning to give my friends weed and a lighter im pretty happy with myself
 what weed you smoking on boy i needa get me some of that asap 
 nights like this i really wish i had a real ass girlfriend that i can roll up weed with and just talk about everything especially getting 
 bob is so addicted to his weed cookies he wont even let me look at them
 fuck yes just found a blunt in a swisher pack that i thought was empty and the best part  its already rolled up with weed 
 i cant even smoke my weed and enjoy my high
 it must be the ganjah 
 @gabedayparade come smoke
 lmao i expect my weedman to be up at all 247 
 if you guys come over do you guys want to like mess around after we smoke haha like astral project n stuff
 when i smoke i gotta keep my head up cause my hair be getting burnt by the cherry
 i really just smoked a dutch omw to work lmao
 i wonder if its easy to find green in trinidad ..... lol ima just ask my cousins   im sure they smoke
 finally can smoke a cig with no problem lol
 last night ran into my homie ian moone1 at smoke smoke shop he doing what he does best lol 
 last night ran into my homie ianmoone1 smoke smoke shop he doing what he does best lol taji 
 shabbat with whiskey and weed  you know where to find me on fridays now.
 @realdonaldtrump you know this ban will not keep us safe. its just smoke and mirrors for your base.
 mufuckas be wanting you refer to ah weedman den take em get it and all lmao das dead
 all my friends better smoke me when im dead. 
 i dont smoke drink  nor party. im just a chill at home young lady
 yall smoke cali bud one time in your life then have the audacity to call everything else mids
 whenever somebody asks me why i dont ever drink or smoke 
 when you dont smoke or drink so you dont go to that party. fine with me 
 cant believe i smoked so much haha
 i need girl friends to smoke with
 shiiit.. you match something ill smoke with you lol 
 can i smoke you out  no you cant even repost a song my nigga   you get what you put in
 so on that note somebody bring me stick and ill smoke you down lol
 if you dont weed out the wrong people from your life  youll never meet the right ones. find people that feed you and not just need you.
 its best to not deal with these hoes they just wanna smoke and spend all your money 
 if you dont weed out the wrong people from your life  youll never meet the right ones. find people that feed you and not just need you.
 best part about my kinda creepy old rich friend is he doesnt smoke... but he keeps some dank ass pot at the house for guests
 watch weed movie with my momma lame asf cause she kicked me out for m smoking it 
 i just ran outta weed  i need a blunt fr
 ski mask by smokepurpp is my favorite song of all the ones i just posted
 more friends who smoke that live near me plz
 always gotta smoke to this song 
 ion smoke to be down   i smoke to keep these problems off my mind 
 lmao i drink i smoke we can go to the library the park the zoo and to ya mama house. and the museum if ya boring 
 girls really be upset that their man smokes weed like biiitttcchhh take a hit and calm tf down
 also cant believe its 1240 n i have no smoked yet 
 are they really your friends if they only smoke with you if you bring a blunt   or are they using you
 pity hang with me today and lets smoke and create
 i got a stronger relationship with my weed man than some of my friends sad
 mfers be wanting the best of both worlds....you cant smoke blacks and cigarettes smh or you cant want dick and pussy thats junky shit
 finally got some ganja amp lawd its some stanky panky
 please be marijuana seeds. we can be best friends 
 the best thing about cannabis is that it helps people 
 just because youre friend brought you to our sesh doesnt mean youre going to smoke.  everyone knows the big elephant in the room is you.
 lets all smoke weed in this graveyard
 we evaluate our food and weed. 
 therapy for me includes smoking weed  cooking  cleaning  drinking  socializing  reading  singing  dancing..
 lmao this lady i used to work with is 65 years old and she still goes out to bars and drinks and parties and smokes weed i loooove her 
 i thought i would never see this ever a girl put weed in the microwave because it was to soft shes needs weed 101
 aye somebody come smoke this weed with me..
 factcheckasong that yellow submarine you keep claiming we all live in yeah its a damn school bus .maybe cut down on the weed before class
 why do i not have friends to smoke with 
 that and i cant just smoke wherever and whenever i want.
 i needa smoke a wood n skate.
 all my dads reggae songs talk about marijuana but god forbid i play a rap song taking about smoking weed
 me amp @manassadeshawn gotta smoke some gelato  like this is a must
 does anyone know a smoke shop in utah that will sell me blunt wraps a week before i turn 19
 love how my friends never invite me to do anything fun but every time they want to hang out its at my house eating my food smoking my weed 
 i like smoking my weed with my friends
 id do anything 2 smoke a blunt rn loool
 all i do is smoke amp chill.
 and smoke after lol
 i wish i had friends to call up to smoke a blunt and go to canes with rn but im like everyones least fav person bc im boring amp awkward
 smoked friends with weed
 watching pineapple express with no weed cause im tryna turn my life around
 someone be my friend and smoke w me damn
 @jimcramer what about the smoker and the midnight toker
 arizona getting smoked rn is not ideal
 i just want somebody i can smoke with rn but everybody is weak asf
 how man of your friends all the sudden wanna hangout with you when they find out you have weed 
 i wish i had more gfs to smokegymeat fruit with while we braid eachothers hair fuck tha drama lets get this shmomey girl
 @nanilanna come smoke a cigarette with me cuz idk how to function without you
 lol my aunt thinks im a druggy now bc i smoke weed even thoe her boyfriend does it. so now shes afraid to say weed around me. 
 habitual smoker. 
 i smoke alota gas  drank alota syrup  did alota dirt  flipped alota work
 habitual smoker 
 w420 weedfacts i dont fuck w lemontree just lyftedlemon  
 i feel ... idk . i need to smoke
 are u high cause you smoked that blunt or cause you ate that edible idk 
 finding the best hamburger  name  smokeshack  place  shake shack   minneapolis  price 
 only smoke the best cigars.. 
 bored . come smoke with me
 fuck with my girl  my family  my friends  my money  or my weed  ill come for you. and ill come full force. bet.
 this white girl might have the best pac ive smoked 
 oh i shouldvd waited until now to make my weed tweet. hang on let me try again
 im broke but you hit me everyday to smoke you out for free kill that noise rn 
 my roomate needs weed outwest dm me 
 im just trying to chill and smoke baby girl down
 no job  drinks amp smokes daily  doesnt go to school. i just dont see how that is attractive to anybody.
 i just needa smoke a blunt where my gurl at
 look at grandma with the chinese lady smoking weed. my drunken fam is looking through family photos
 need somebody to smoke with
 i be rolling weed for everybody  that shit like torture cause i cant smoke 
 all i want to do rn is smoke and listen to music. im not asking for much
 im tryna smoke and drink and get some food rn 
 ciaira said you can come smoke before you go up there  if you want @aprillynn
 @luannea1 i dont smoke amp you need a safe space immediately snowflake.
 your mcms animal crossing town is covered in weeds
 i been tryna just chill and smoke
 if you smoke cigarettes i already dropped some of my respect for you
 i can never smoke without choking 
 bruuuuh  i just bought some weed now i cant find it
  im still mad that you live so close and we aint smoke  chilled  or even seen each other
 all my best friends who dont smoke  ate a piece of edible amp ate dim@sumim so proud and fkn full. sf is the fkn best idc what yall say bye
  we havent talked in a min   hope youre doing well i got you on anything fasho but when we having a smoke sesh
 coustomer in line too much of anything can kill you coustomer in line also not weed  i fucking cant rn
 @datopiccc girl yes im so ready to smoke drink fucc around and do a line  this nigga had me dead at the start
 such a shitty feeling when my family constantly brings me down bc i smoke  its 20 fucking 17
 my roommate listens to death metal amp smokes wood tip black amp milds. hes wild.
 @aniaania007 i dont smoke  just saying that you should. chill.
 im just tryna smoke and chill  everyone on some other shitttt
 need a smokeing buddy no lame. nigga 
 @bossladyraerae   tbh  if weed kills ...  i should have been dead 1000 times already ...
 i mock the phd radiation therapist friend of my ex who enjoyed judging my use of marijuana.  i wish he could have seen how my mom died.
 im bouta just smoke and forget about everybody and everything 
 ima joker  ima smoker  ima a midnight toker
 its the perfect night to smoke blunts wit somebody who hates for me to wear panties 
 im scared to smoke this nigga weed again .. but he the only one who answered the phone 
 somebody you can lay up and smoke with 
 @waynelambright @voguemagazine i get 110 of the feeling without weeds dampening the sensation
 i like to smoke weed..
 were going to go smoke this blunt then get dough boys 
 idk how i could manage all this without the ganja
 name something that smells worse than cigarette smoke. ill wait...
 on location with stevemartin  best response to someone asking  do you mind if i smoke sm do you mind if i fart comedy lol hilarious
 if the song isnt about fucking your bitch and taking your weed then what are you listening to  name that teammate 
 come over n smoke
 friends who dont let u smoke on their balcony r not real friends
 i cant smoke anymore so i just drink snapple now.
 @lundynnnnnn thats wild  i think the weed got me tweakin cause i could swear i thought it was you
 toe blunts are the best blunts n only ones ill smoke.
 this is why i just fucking smoke my feelings away fr. over it
 i cant believe the first time i try weed i get stopped by ride  never again 
 curreny make the best music to ride out and smoke to
 lol my roommates gf always complains about weed. she doesnt respect the loud 
 there is a lot of smoke and mirrors going on as to who is truly the top earners. i believe the residency performers are doing quite well.
 everybody smoke weed
 i dont even have friends to smoke with amymore or that  will  come thru rn
 i needa smoke like a bih
 could i smoke in one of yall houses 
 i only smoke when i drink and ive smoke twice today without drinking. thats when you know its been a stressful one.
 really cant smoke hookah like that nomore
 ima just smoke and chill tonight
 i dont need anyone but i mean a man who knows how to chill and smoke would be cool
 i need more friends who dont smoke
 i need to invest into a hammock so i can chill and smoke on our sunny daze
 i trust jager and weeds w my life tbh
 im sad and behind on a lot of schoolwork and i smoke so much i cant even get high i love 2017
 wish i had somebody to smoke with right now
 i cant wait to see my best friend. i need to vent and smoke a blunt 
 i cant ever leave the smokers smh
 i just want to smoke and chill 
 if you throw a party at a cabin and the smoke alarm goes off know the code 
 alot of ppl i hit up for weed really let me down tonight.   real friends by kanye starts playing
 on my tattered path through the woods  my hair smells like smoke  my eyes are the spark     and my life is a scattered wildfire
 takin weed man applications
 they complain about us saying all we do is ride around and smoke weed. our parties stay getting shut down by the police.
 cant fw liquor like that  rather smoke one.
 if you smoke weed make some noise  best believe i screamed in this bitch lmao
 i could smoke out the entire school   shieeet son 
 i cant believe its been a month without weed 
 i swear if my sisters smoked yall would not see me like id be too busy smoking and laughing at they asses
 nigga just beat the brakes off me in madden. got me in my feelings and im out of weed.
 who wants to come over and smoke  drink and do hoodrat shit right moew 
 my friend sent me a snap of him smoking weed lol ok
 wow u smoke once amp now ur a pot head wtf i cant even deal with ppl
 safehouse smoke chamber. 
 if you wet the blunt once youre not hitting it again cause to me you cannot smoke 
 time to smoke to this w 
 i wish i didnt get fucking arrested me wanting to smoke weed but i cant 
 you must have smoked or something lmaoo 
 idk lemme smoke this cigarette and clear my damn mind
 cant find no weed 
 @braddjaffy @arcadiaoccult blowing smoke rings out of thier asses and telling us its the clouds.
 i grind my weed w burberry catchup 
 sex amp weed is all i need tbh
 liq and weed gets the best outta me man
 tbh i love weed more than i love ppl i swear 
 friends  drinks  weed  and pizza.. good ass night
 fuck i ran out of weed
 if youre ever feeling blue smoke a little weed and youll feel good
 cant even smoke in my own crib no more  what
 so i left my keys in the lyft amp he tells me i cant get them back unless i buy him some weed 
 california is always blazing it up. you cant go anywhere without smelling weed  i swear 
 @alizemontes33 and i should smoke a blunt together and skate after jaja
 bc he smoked that fucking layup. i love him but come on that was just bad 
 if you smoke cigarettes then i cant fucc with you
 you need the fire drink when you smoke
 who else is wide awake and wants to smoke all me weed
 sleeping at your moms house is cool until you cant get smoke at  your moms house ya feel me
 @therealfoojones i cant help it been to menace anonymous and other rehabs cant seem to shake it the smoke from his ears to priceless
 security told us we cant smoke after we already blew like 5 ls on stage 
 free political satire why is hemp prohibited and nuclear is promoted 
 but fr.. im salty af nobody invited me to smoke w em tonight 
 want to smoke before worn but also cant find energy to leave my bed yet 
 burn weed  not friends.....
 @2017reveal why jb and selena didnt attend the weeding of their friends are they still in contact
 this why i cant smoke no more  
 yo . smoke weed amp drink water   youll be happy .
 somebody pull up and smoke. im in sterling
 this money needs ta come tf thru cause i cant not smoke bro 
 blew up my @arduino uno board last night. sparks and smoke cool and all but now i have to wait for a new one... 
 why is it so hard to find weed like come on peopleeee
 6 slabs ready for the smoker. gameday superbowl @ villages of pablo 
 out of the weeds comes acceptance  accountability for your surroundings amp positive outcomes for those around you too. what will it take
 @jsmorales  true. everybody just needs to smoke a lil and be friends with one another it would be lit
 @mrkatke lets collab and figure one out. i got mad beer and also marijuana
 still no @bambamsbbq but his place  made me buy a @traegergrills and now i smell like alder smoke at church...6 hou 
 i would give anything to be able to smoke and have a nap right now 
 if you dont weed out the wrong people from your life  youll never meet the right ones. find people that feed... 
 @itsl2you 1 weed  2 liquor 3 ppl 4 maybe food  
 if youre waiting around to find love  do drugs it helps. i only smoke so naturally im myself. think about it.
 stop asking people for discounts but yall pay ya weed man a full dub when he snubbing you .5 but you to dumb to peep.
 i cant believe i smoked all that half o i bought. lmao i need to chill tbh 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  keep sharing this track
 @only1tynajah @swadekartel hold we always got weed we keep 8ths and woods fuck you mean 
 @only1tynajah @swadekartel yeah what she said or you cant smoke wit us
 somebody pls come over rn  ill smoke you out
 @swadekartel @only1tynajah make sure that shit some gas too we dont smoke no bullshit
 when u think u find good friends but they only wanna hang out to smoke
 we listen to gospel amp smoke weed at the crib with no shame 
 cant have a dont smoke  only drink kind of female
 somebody please smoke with me  i have a king size j rolled amp would like to enjoy it with someone
 um why did my friend just pull a piece of weed out of my hair
 last call... last call for the weed and alcohol last call for you to slip outta them draws girl i need it rn get 
 @only1tynajah i always smoke   but ard im bout to get dressed . im bout to get yall high as shit amp yall cant hang 
 somebody asked me why i smoke   i told them the feeling of being chill is amazing 
 im about to smoke like 700 cigarettes bc work is so busy. idc if im late lmao
 i sell reggie but i smoke hydro chronic
 i cant even smoke from my favorite pipe bc he gave it to me smh
 i love all my gay weed friends
 come smoke in bed w me
 @texaspete marinated chicken ready for the smoker wsnc  
 smoke his weed..  
 smoking weed is deeper than gettin high to me its a family tradition passed down thru the years fam
  meet my best friend @texaspete and watch him permeate this dish with cayenne flavor prior to getting smoked 
 you guys it happened today i became a real californian. i just found my favorite strain of weed
 @mattclemens come smoke
 having people over for the super bowl of yall dont got nothing to do come eat and watch the game. smoke some blunts lol
 someone come smoke these w me. hate burning alone.
 this girl at my work never heard of yachty  dex  ugly god  lil pump  smoke purp or nobody
 stop hitting me up to chill amp smoke cause until i say so im done smoking   get it through ya head 
 if you dont weed out the wrong people from your life  youll never meet the right ones.  joelosteen 
 i need to smoke before i do anything
 i wish i could post someone smoke with me without getting replies from creeper dudes tryna be fuck boys.
 and you never ended up coming home  and you just became something like some smoke that i tried too hard to hold.
 since i cant smoke  ill be drinking with my friend jack today superbowl
 someone come smoke at my work lol
 i needa smoke 
 this niggas veteran smokers  i cant keep up no more.
 these niggas veteran smokers  i cant keep up no more.
 my best friend  my mom  and weed  
 everythings buh. i just listen to top dawg entertainment  eat good  do research  study  debate  smoke good dope  and get dough.  the 
 i cant freak on a weekday  i need a girl thats always down to come see me.. i need a girl to roll the blunt to smoke with me
 i do miss my cousin julie tho amp smoke
 someone match w me im mad as fuck rn needa smoke
 if you have had a wild history or a long history or a smoker you cant date this guy.
 drink water  smoke weed  and mind your business . i guarantee youll live longer 
 the best messages are when i come home from church and my friends been blowing up my phone asking me to smoke all their weed
 is it the weed getting to me or am i really feeling you
 someone should come hang and smoke w me while i get prepped for this super bowl party.  you can try all the food first 
 how do gays even go on gridnr dates all i get are awkward nerds that cant smoke a pipe and insulting uglies  
 you cant smoke with my click  we smoke os in the whip
 aye come smoke if you smoke  match a l and some shots of henny
 cant smoke with me  cant smoke like me
 @millyionsss flatbush. i need to smoke 
 @xxxrickyricardo i think its cos i smell like weed lmaoo
 where is tha party where da weed
 bitch i smoke the best og
 people can ask me for anything but cant even hang out if it doesnt involve weed
 @avaaalon im going to smoke at claytons then lets drink
 a friend with weed is a friend indeed
 didnt really smoke but when i rolled it up you hit it and we lit it up
 damn everyones either working or with their family right now and im just looking for a friend to smoke with 
 be on the lookout for pyramids  smoke machines  the allseeing eye  baphomet and other mind control tactics theyll use in the masses.
 dont come to my house if you dont smoke  
 in my experience people will chill with u then tell u they sell raw... only that nothing else... where i live kids go from weed to str8 drop
 she smoking weed and playing kodak
 my tolerance high now so itll never happen again unless i smoke catpiss lmao shit be fuckin me up
 @southrngrlrebel i think wes is cooking. girls cant smoke ribs...
 time to mix this remy with nyquil and smoke so i can pass tf out
 im in the smoker section
 drink my beer and smoke my weed  my good friends are all i need.
 lady gaga doing her damn thing i cannot relate to nothing else. stop being stuck on weed songs amp ass throwing songs.
 snoop and a weed joke i cant believe it.
 if you smoke you smoke you drink you drink live your life
 can of bisque is the best weed pun ever
 the smoked duck is amazing if i do say so myself. duck smoker bacon foodie superbowl @ 
 how hard is it to find weed in hawaii
 @meghanchel on yes i hope so too hes imploding anyways  cant believe we dont see the smoke from his ears yet. 
 type of weed that makes ya hold a ukulele for 45 minutes without ever really playing it.
 something i never thought id say ever  will you please never let me smoke up with drunk hookers ever again
 i cant stop laughing at the fact that i work at a place named weed man 
 anyone not busy and want to smoke
 well im tight someone facetime me while i smoke..... or even match
 it really bothers me when ppl smoke around kids
 im over it lmao i needa smoke
 sings chill bill as i smoke for free
 i just want someone i can chill n smoke with on any type of vibe
 @dictionarymom idk im at my weed store and its snowing
 i will stick my joint in anything then smoke it after
 falcons fans needa go smoke a fat ass 28  blunts ... for all he points they scored 
 shaniya really dont b trying to let me smoke  she lame
 this environment is just freaky.. its a song playing about bitches being down to fuck and honestly im tryna smoke.
 when life gives you a buy 1 get 2 free deal on ribs  you fill your electric meat smoker with 
 i just smoked a blunt w ur girl friend.
 money and weed......bad bitches come wit it 
 @ropemandopeman gone ahead and smoke a l
 check out my live stream on instagram around 10 o clock to see weed passed around like yo bish
 can somebody come over and smoke w me 
 lil pump and smokepurpps new banger movin is a must listen    @lilpumpjetskiii amp  
 someone come pullup and smoke with me and just go on an adventure
 seem like every girl smoke now . that shit ainn cute
 somebody pull up and smoke with me and we can even go on an adventure if u bout it
 darling  what else is left to do but smoke and enjoy my presidential view
 both drink and smoke 
 i cant believe we lost our smoke detector. hows that even happen
 who tryna smoke ill come scoop amp shit
 i feel like i get irritatingannoying. all i tweet about is weed  the lack of friends i have  and also weed again. sorrynotsorry
 if your bored at your crib hmu i got the whip and ill spark it up i dont smoke so youll face it
 somebody got the bathroom smoked out.
 come smoke
 my weed man wants me to come chill with him and his gf  tf really going on
 dang dude i remember being in 8th grade watching sammy and skate live talking about got the best smoke had no clue what it was about 
 all im saying is your soulmate probably chilling sucking dick right now so just smoke some weed and chill out
 is this spark smoke in livermore  
 she would wanta be sleep off that weed amp nothing else.. cause i cant sleep 
 wow i think i smell weed and i keep hearing something crying around.. whats happening tonight
 can someone have a paint party  were we drink wine  smoke hella weed amp paint all night 
 who else smokes weed with their grandma 
 if you ever constipated smoke a lil bit of a black and mild 
 factcheckasong i get by with a little help from my friends.  also booze  weed and would sex kill you once in a while
 tea noodles and weed. saving my life rn 
 where the weed at my friends need it  no not me 
 best time to smoke my dude 
 why my girl doesnt like utah i cant get doubles and i cant smoke weed. 
 woman getting ready for work alerted by someone else about smoke coming from house 
 @notoenergyeast people wld b getting postal jobs jst 2 nab the weed deliveries. come on
 my funeral is gonna be byob. but the b doesnt stand for booze or beer  it stands for bud. if you dont smoke  you dont come.
 like a weed  you cant kill it for long. 
 no school  gunna go smoke a bowl in the snow w my love
 addicted  like weed
 somebody take this man to a weeding 
 i need somebody to kick it with it when im going through everything im going they when i just lay back and smoke a blunt gherbo 
 @scottslawncare gotta give mad  love  to scotts feed amp weed  after a fresh mow and one week  weeds a plenty  
 if your friends asking you to still put in on weed you need new friends lmao
 my niggas stand outside n pass cigars filled with marijuana laughin hard thankful that they friends a platinum star
 ever since i broke up w my boyfriend my folks been asking me if i been crying lol like chill out carri  ive just been smoking hella weed
 im mad asf i hate doing smoke breaks  like wtf
 @nxtlvlblu smoke weed and go squat youll feel better fam
 i smoke 2 ls with ya girl this is cool j
 if you see smoke thats our section
 @tiffanyssslife yes hell ya. do you like weed
 if ur girlfriend is pissin you off  go smoke some weed or go hang w ur homies. do not ruin your relationship hittin up a temporary bitch. 
 why is my best friend such a smoke show lmk @ccalll
 whats life without weed 
 dont be mean  no one likes a mean guy. drink pineapple juice. smokers are scum. paul pogba is elite. jrgen klopp 
 cant find any good weed in this damn town lately. how
 drink amp smoke
 @tino1904 i got a weed ticket i forgot to go court for and know i gotta find time to mob to kearney to deal with this bullshit hahhaa
 via from @hightimesmag  join us for an epic smoke sesh in one of the best places on earth 
 my dreams be wild af if i dont smoke before bed hahah
 someone smells like weed in my math class and everyone knows it but nobodys tryna say anything
 lets smoke and go on adventures type shit
 this girl had me smoking some odd ass weed yesterday 
 drink  not smoke  
 i literally have my straw sitting in my heater waiting on this hoe to dry.. oh well cant lol cant smoke out of a wet straw
 i literally have my straw sitting in my heater waiting on this hoe to dry.. oh well lol cant smoke out of a wet straw
 when the person you always smoke wit decides not to smoke wit you at yo birthday party lmao 
 come over and smoke
 yes. lets blame smoking cigs on all our problems.  be glad we smoke to calm our nerves amp keep us away from you @maryfallin
 man i cant smoke no weed for 6 months 
 whenever i smoke i try not to get on social med bc theres always someone complaining about something and it always kills my vibe lol
 o chem recitation is great because immediately after everyone steps out side to smoke a cigarette
 come check out our awesome deals on all your smoker essentials
 dam i be inviting people to come smoke with me and nobody ever comes
 drink a lil drink  smoke a lil smoke
 i really dont like niggahs who smoke more than they do anything else 
 i left my weed in the homies car and hes at work rn  help
 if we chilling in class n yo ass says it smells like weed loud asf boy ima 
 twitter needa smoke a blunt n chill rn
 when your friend lets you use her car to smoke in...amp her lunch is right after yours 
 you cant smoke out wit me cause i heard u a busta
 i only smoke woods. when i come home this weekend dont offer me no damn swisher.
 i cant fw a female that dont smoke weed
 lol i should not have smoked rn
 this shit hella smoove my niggas. two guns feat. smokepurpp amp lil pump by djshon 
 im so stressed. i needa smoke
 do you drink or smoke 
 who need weed im mobile mob
 i just feel like i cant tell anybody my problems i rather smoke a joint and overthink the problem
 last indoor home shot putpole vaultweight throw meet tomorrow at hempfield at 530 p.m.  come out and watch some of best in the state
 why is it that i can legally get plowed in my ass  but i cant buy a pack of smokes or have a drink
 somebody come bring some smoke to the union for me right quick.
 idk but im in frisco come smoke me out someone
 i really almost smoked myself over something small
 lol i guess im the worst kid in the world cause i smoke weed 
 my daddy told me theres a lot of fish in the seaaa... theres just a lot of motherfuckin money  bitches  and weed
 do you drink or smoke yes 
 too pretty to be smoking weed quoted live on air  httpst.codksngctdep 
 just successfully cooked without setting off the smoke alarms firsttimeforeverything
 @peachesncremeee u smoked one blunt w me cause you wanted to now u want 5 when u get mad goofy asf 
 dis iz 4 all my smokers
 you dont want smoke w my gang 
 when you need to smoke and your homie hits you with omw forever friendship
 i need some cool friends who smoke the wheat bc im always smoking alone so any takers lol
 fam smoke sesh 
 my mom nicknamed me marijuana girl 
 i can always find weed  reasonsyouneedme
 i need a smoke sesh with my best friend
 dabbn on em like the usual had a smoke fest wit some fine marijuana the other night w 
 and id like to say youve changed  but youre always the same.  ive got a feeling that the marijuanas rotting y 
 if you smoke weed im cutting you off as my friend and i will look at you differently potheads
 my girl is always angry when were low on weed lmao
 @smokepurpp that new song u just previewed on ig live  smokepurpp up next bitch
 || idk you but from your pictures you must love the weed 
 this guy wants to come over and smoke and im just gonna let him come over and tell him about my guy problems the whole time 
 nikki does this daily thing where she hits me up asking if i want to smoke and then she never replies 
 wish i had somebody to smoke with when i got off 
 my mind all fucked up right now   i know im about to smoke a l.
 once ya parents find out you smoke   they blame everythingg on weed 
 im so pissed rn i cant feel the smoke coming out my ears
 i needa smoke 
 everybody smoke weed i cant name one person that dont 
 he gone get his on everything  keep grinding smokey  you make us all proud @ballin9 
 everyone who smokes weed on their story is cool  but people find it stupid when others drink all over their story
 i smoked my first l to this song in a car full of puerto ricans lmao 
 i needa smoke wood to the face and just think about some shits frfr  lifes a bitch
 when they find out that you smoke now  
 softenabadguy  pol weed  @midnight
 somebody gotta inform smoke 
 my mom just said i smelled my weed. i was at my friends house  whos parents dont cruss and her dad is a cop. how tf
 wont cant smoke till i find somethin to eat on
 the joker  smoker  midnight toker softenabadguy
 the joker  the smoker  the midnight toker. softenabadguy @midnight
 wish they made an app for stoners so that i could meet a girl my age in santa clarita that smokes to hang w while bren works 
 someone scoop and lets smoke a blunt and get food ya boy scressed lmfao
 just tryna smoke n chill
 i go outside but i be w my friends and they dont even like sitting in niggas face  we smoke or go out .
 i smoke trees bc i cant deal with your shit...
 def. burges and would quit going to school after mid sophomore year to go smoke weed w her friends 
 everybody smokes weed now   if you still judging that then you a square ass individual lol
 wanna smoke a whole ounce with me rn letsgoo
 i feel like im the only person who buys weed amp everybody smokes it dasdead
 i need more girl friends who smoke.
 friends that come over amp smoke you out after studying deserve just everything 
 you a smoker bro im finna carry tha whole team thats why live for dawg but if me and you on tha same team we gon 
 pol pot smoker softenabadguy @midnight
 sometimes i get this tingly light sensation in my body..sometimes when i smoke  sometimes even when im sober..it feels like im being lifted
 ive never tapped just ran outta weed 
 yall think i be playing when i say that weed keep calm as hell ....
 oh my god today i learned my dad tried to make a business in marijuana with his best friend im dead
 yall ever listen to frank ocean cool right well smoke a bowl and listen to him. chill af
 she only smokes when she drinks  she only drinks now and then.
 party drink smoke
 dick cheney smoker softenabadguy @midnight
 yall live for bitches and blunts we live for weed and money.
 come over and smoke with me
 being able to legally smoke is super great.
 lol its funny how niggas think kodak really the first one to call weed broccoli
 my dad claims that if you smoke weed you cannot function lol
 about to smoke me a drink
 need me a down to earth girl that can smoke 
 somebody smoke one with me
 @midnight although  if you need help with that remote viewing stuff or music or astral projecting  weed helps.
 g  i smoked a blunt so thin one time. and dude told ole girl you rolled this super tight 
 my name is joker habitual smoker  i burn so many trees that i have splinters in my toaster
 i just rolled a joint w weed i found i the filter of my vacuum cleaner
 i just rolled a joint w weed i found in the filter of my vacuum cleaner
 catch me chilling in the zone cooking hot dogs smoking weed 
 @themoshspice i smoked a blunt w him yesterday omg what are the odds youre tweeting about christopher rn
 cant believe its already been four months with my best friend. time flies when ur watching weeds and eating chees 
 i do not believe that an individual can be addicted to weed
 if you dont weed out the wrong people from your life  youll never meet the right ones. find people that feed you and not just need you.
 sooo everybody smoking weed now 
 hate when i smell like weed amp people ask if i got weed on me while somebody looking
 whip that  smokepurpp
 whip that  smokepurpp
 @tedcruz @washtimes @noaa god made the planet for people to survive we need to care for it like a garden time to weed rotate your thought
 cause everything be the weed fault lol 
 she said she doesnt smoke fuvk its always something
 i need some friends to hangout with on fridaysaturday nights. come over and smoke with me sometime. icanbecool
 i smoke to keep it mello  
 if i cant smoke in your house. i dont wanna come over
 need somebody to smoke with....
 been trying to find someone to smoke with since last night lmfao. smokin alone is so damn dry 
 when i was in elementary school i used to sneak out of home to smoke cigarettes w friends in gangs. they kept me safe like family.
 @blacknusss weed always helps but im dry and my stoner friends all have work
 yoo if youre this person i cant smoke w you 
 my teacher  if u smoke too much weed youll die of obesity bc youll get the munchies
 just going to smoke everything i feel away tbh
 come smoke me out 
 whenever anything that comes out of my purse is covered in glitter and smells like weed 
 why is it never like this for me when i smoke w ppl lol 
 the @aaohns got no chill for smokers with a hoarse voice  if you smoke  quit.
 ima let yall kno something glock .40 hold a whole might fuck around and smoke  a whole onion 
 man free niggas locked up for selling weed then . 
 cant smoke no black and mild wit me 
 watch soon as i leave the crib somebody going hit me up for some weed 
 its not hard for me to find weed anywhere i stay in dallas n found weed in arizona lol 
 lil pump and smokepurp on top rn nobody fucking better them
 hispanic parents would rather get a call saying you got into a car accident and lost ur legs than to find out youve been smoking weed lmao
 on god this shit makes me so mad. they will put someone in jail for smoking weed  but will give a slap on the wrist 
 pandora always gives me chill songs when i smoke  its great 
 i just want to smoke and chill outside with some friends  fuck schooooool
 i need a bestfriend whos always available to leave amp chill amp smoke. but thats impossible lol
 @dja2113 i cant smoke.
 smoking cannabis before a work out is always a must for me. i highly suggest some of you to try it lol.
 @youtube or i will come find you  every meadow ghetto city level whatever this is real and so am i and i need to smoke something dammit
 no matter how many friends are around u that smoke...  you always find time for a personal l... well  at least i do   
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  keep sharing the new wave
 my best friend is pregnant and she smokes weed  u and ur best friend need jesus.
 okay someone come over with some weed match it
 fuck a swisher  smokepurpp
 me i only did it  because my best friend did it.  mom so  if your best friend smokes crack  you gon smoke crack t 
 but yall wanna know something. cali really do have the best weed. not even close.
 get off my man u fake ahh w them weed socks get outta here 
 ugly god  famous dex  rich the kid  tyo  carti  xxx  nav  slumpgod  smokepurrp  lil pump  
 did anybody else find it anachronistic to the point of distraction that nobody smokes in hidden figures
 @leskiddit take yo ass to the hospital so you dont die and can keep blessing us with that fire weed
 @klevy817 well now u have to come to arlington when i get out of school n smoke w me
 when the base siren goes off for potential tornadoes and everyone goes to the smoke pit to smoke 
 people that smoke just to be cool are lame
 i was so disappointed in the song dex made with lil pump and smokepurrp
 same ol same ol. drowning sadness with weed and drinks. surrounding myself with people who care about nothing but the turn up. sad.
 ever smoke w ur substitute teacher before
 i smoke till i dont feel shit till i cant exist till everything funny
 somebody smoke 
 i cant believe i @d someone on their own ig in their own comments.... thats what happens when you never smoke weed anymore amp finally do
 gone be the first song i smoke to after school  
 dont invite me places i cant smoke in 2017
 dont be scared to hit the weed 
 bank  smokepurrp  xxx  ki  wifisfuneral amp ugly god 
 call it as you like but i cant cope with it without my weed to smoke   and i need it now hydro all the time   but i any got no one money
 i cant see myself dating someone that doesnt smoke
 ill smoke myself out cause im my own best friend
 my niggas savage and wild they smoke  you like a black and mild 
 how r i gonna claim to be hard when u smoke marb lights
 how r u gonna claim to be hard when u smoke marb lights 
 and his lil foreign friend who smoked w me the other day.
 we throwing a lil kickback in my room at 930 with drinks and maybe weed 354 llc let everybody know mainly females
 you can get smoked like a black and mild
 why cant i stop coughing me im no doctor but it could have something to do with your 5 smoke breaks before noon. 
 lmao reason number 6434 teens dont needa smoke i just asked one of these kids do they got another backwood he goes you mean blackwoods
 like lmao get offffff the yard and go find some hidden crevice to smoke in the quad courtyard like i did lmao
 my building keep complaining bout the weed smoke
 honestly the most annoying thing about smokers is legit this. they have no respect for anyones well being. i cant fkn breathe but hey
 the best part about being a non smoker is smell good hair.
 even if im smoked out i cant be scoped out. imtooill 
 so happy i dont have homework  i can honestly just chill amp smoke 
 the stereotypes behind smoking weed are so insane lol
 i smoke alottaa weed to keep them bxtches off my mind  @ texas 
 i smoke alotta weed to keep them bitches off my mind
 my dad always slide me a couple hydrocodones to get me thru lmao everybody be making sure i got weed during that whole week
 this chick needa smoke some weed or sumn always mad smh 
 bruh if yall go to weedmaps and see the deals... how is 3 8ths for 100 a deal  bitch u getting finessed like fuckkkkk
 you smoke weed but cant afford to buy it  lol get yalls shit together fr
 @bankrollgaskin yesssssssss  lol i done tricked somebody to bring me one tho lll come smoke with me and ya cuz sometimes tho
 somebody come smoke
 ampif yall fuck with my friend yall better be praying for her recovery amp making sure you got that bag to smoke with her tf @mckenzienoel
 on god everybody smoke just so they can be in the mix
 @3o2mami lmaoo i want to smoke 
 one day i will live somewhere that doesnt constantly reek of beer  piss  garbage  sweat and weed.. but it probably wont be soon
 somebody smoke a l w me
 hits up my one friend to smoke with me and he doesnt reply  cooooool.
 want your fargo farmers market to be smoke free connect w melissa of fargo cass public health  an expert in tobacco prevention. ndquits
 @thecoathangers weed is tight
 it should be a crime in some states you cant even have smoked glass on your windshield and side windows 
 well. i cant smoke for 6 months 
 not your average cup of joe company launches new marijuana coffee pods brewbudz in nevada aiming to normalize ca 
 im always that one friend out that doesnt smoke weed maybe thats why people never want to hangout w me 
 i gotta puff a gang of weed to keep from goin under
 not smoking is boring. therefore if you dont smoke youre boring.
 somebody come fwm and smoke  in vegas lol im bored af
 it would be so cool if i could hang w a dude.. feel me like hang out  smoke  fuck on occasion amp play the game
 somebody come smoke with me  fuck this lol
 i cant never put weed down
 feeling like i shoud b more productive but just end up smoking weed w ppl
 i had a can of smoked oysters that i cant seem to find.
 im tryna smoke tbh
 i can legally fuck a horse in most states but god forbid i smoke a little meth
 lets smoke rn 
 @csnyofficial @starbucksnews   at best   smokin reefer in duh can    at best  the major man say i can. 
 i can not stand when girls smoke that are fucking pregnant  there is no excuse for that 
 im just tryna smoke and chill 
 i just want one friend i can just smoke a blunt w and have a coo ass conversation w
 ill only smoke grabba amp woods w you if you my nigga
 im gonna need to smoke like 6 blunts tonight or else i wont sleep too excited
 my question is what kind of cigarettes does @andrewcte smoke cause they look hella cool and i cant find them anywh 
 rebekah so im gonna smoke out of this pray for me as she holds up a jug of arizona iced tea
 everybodys so high strung and sensitive over everything political like cant everyone chill lol smoke a blunt or somethin yall cray
 so then how come the government has a right to stand in the way of me smoking cannabis canadian cruz cnndebatenight
 wish dj wasnt out rn because i need weed and a smoke sesh w my faves 
 i walk around town with a pound strapped down to my side  no fronting  just incase i gotta smoke something.
 attractive weed only  
 lmao mufuckas be having the saddest stories when it comes to coppin weed 
 whoever says you cant get addicted to weed must not know ricky williams 
 obviously lick a dogs asshole. youll never ever ever see me with a cigarette smoker. 
 im really feeling like i should smoke a ton and then watch snoop and martha stewarts cooking show.
 my friend is coming over with vietnamese food. and weed. 
 i smoke alotta weed to keep them bitches off my mind
 took a photo with smoke and friends because we were excited for smoke season and friends. @ 
 i like money and weed a lot everything else come widdit 
 its cool to have someone to bring around to chill and enjoy their company. like yes  lets smoke a blunt  cuddle  n talk about everything
 if my granny thinking about to smoke again  she better wait until a baby get here  so we can smoke together 
 i needed a drink because i love marijuana  
 you smoking good but i only smoke the best tho
 you smoking good but i only smoke the best tho
 i be wanting to smoke amp cuddle but 
 getting high as the fukk im asking where the weed at
 i need more friends that are down to smoke and go on hikes
 wish i had somebody to chill and smoke wit
 lol no it dont. i just be wanting to smoke 
 also judging by all theses photos he wasnt insanely close to family either and he might have had a weed plant lol. i miss him so much.
 how do all seven of my roommates smoke but were all dry rn
 @dja2113 shit about to smoke a couple bowls b
 gotta smoke to cope w this boring ass shit
 im so depressed that feel like im drowning. how do people deal with this without weed
 so i really just smacked someone in pool in just one turn  who else want the smoke on iphone
 @goddamnhelp bro im not hearing what you saying yall mad over weed it aint that serious and i hold guns cause im not waisting time
 you gotta mean something to me to smoke for free
 got my own weed lil daddy ion need yours
 sometimes bathroom art is dead on accurate...love is all you weed.  bringing you the best 
 @mychaelxanthony down. gotta smoke in your truck tho cause i got hella baybay kids @ my crib rn 
 this weed potent
 @khiembhoein i mean idk tbh  i havent been asked that in a long time  i just get i didnt know you smoke lmao
 does everybody smoke 
 i say whats on my mind if i drink  if i smoke i keep up with the guys and youll see me holding up my middle finger to the world
 the weed keeps you out my head
 its been a busy night here  both smokin purple amp smoke salty bass sticks  finished after the 
 i ran outta weed so i keep standing up too fast on purpose tryna catch a light headed buzz 
 @geazy just taking a wild guess. songs gonna be about smoking weed and fucking bitches
 cant get arrested for having weed if you smoke it all 
 im really jus tryna find a girl that i can smoke and drink a 40 with
 if you a female that smoke and dont know how to roll. your childish ass needa stop smoking then.  
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  keep sharing
 you know  when you pick up weed and come home to weed you still had  thats a good feeling
 my birthday finna hit and i have no weed. no drinks. my life is sad.
 @cnnbrk many goper kids have people blow dope smoke into the faces and that taints their blood tests.. that means no football come fall..
 rampb   smoke amp chill
 i wish you whack ass weed mans would deliver. yall not really about yalls coins . yall lazy asf
 im smoking marijuana without the cudi or the kk
 i need more friends that smoke
 see why i wont try anything other than weed .. im good
 if you niggas dont smoke you out w no problem  that aint ya patna
 when ya best got weed but aint got no roll up amp you do so yall link at 2am to smoke. why are we so impulsive 
 @ireneemmm do they got weed im down lol sleeeeeepover 
 @kidiosko @gilbertaldana both of yall meet up and smoke one hehe
 when yo weed man really fwy   she gotta be high as a giraffe pwussy  
 i wish i had a wrap rn to smoke this bag 
 i need more down friends to go on smoke trips
 nah my best friend is weed
 seriously somebody come smoke some blunts with me 
 @cnnbrk .. but the use of sex with a gf that blows smoke .. and the kid might get scared off.. and wont play due to drug tests at school...
 i need my weed tolerance to drop tremendously
 everybody smoke now even tha ones that was good in school shxt is funny bc they use to tell me i smoke too much
 cant even enjoy my weed 
 met my old friend mr. weedy.
 taking applications for valentines day come to my crib smoke fat blunts  eat edibles  dab out
 i can tweet that the sky blue and tim gone think its bc i smoke weed and im tryna be deep...naw bitch the sky just blue
 bought a zip and gave my best friend some free weed cus thats my day 1
 why do people do weird shit in the bank parking lot. its a bank parking lot. go smoke and do your weird shit somewhere else bye
 someone smoke w me rn  i have an oz 
 when your boyfriend breaks up with you and takes home the playstation that i bought him. along with all the weed and everything else
 i cant stand cigarette smoke 
 if you do more than smoke weed or coke..... i cant fwy
 ugh someone smoke me up on a blunt or buy me a drink
 rich amp dex  smokepurpp amp lil pump  and x amp skii. the dynamic duos 
 i know how to hold a grudge  i can send a bridge up in smoke.
 going over stats with no weed is the worst im annoyed lol
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  keep sharing
 some of yall really be in denial im not addicted to weed i can stop anytime but u smoke 247 ok lol
 what it your average cannabis consumption method
 good friends  good weed amp skateboarding  i couldnt ask for more honestly @ freedom plaza 
 this weird ass girl just used a weed dispensary as an example in class.... thats mcc for ya
 is this that thunder smoke guy you kids listen to my boss  referring to what he thought was a chainsmokers song
 just want to meet a girl that has her shit together but can handle smoking some weed too
 ya wce constantly asking to get smoked out and needing gas money 
 my niggas savage amp wild   theyll smoke ya like a black and mild.
 can you not keep weed in your locker so i dont get stuck in one class wtf
 broooooo all the smokers watch this shit  
 its almost impossible to find a girl who doesnt smoke in colga
 u know when a nigga name his weed anything he got dat dirt  
 hate riding in somebody else car amp they smoke cigarettes freely  be wanting to tell em stop but im in they shit
 same guy who is going after weed... will let the establishment drug you and charge you for killing you.. maybe 
 lady at work says  i just cant seem to stop coughing. while going outside to smoke 
 all yall people with problems going to sleep heres a remedy smoke weed... youll sleep like a baby
 why cant weed just be free like tf
 i swear we cant be friends if you dont smoke  fuck out of here wit your extra baggage ass.
 tbh i get really paranoid when i smoke alone. so last night i greened out by myself amp my vision was all wavy it was totally terrifying lol
 aye we could dead ass smoke and find something to do 
 soooo what you telling me is yall weed man not gay  or that gay thugs dont exist ... causeeeeee baby ... its 201 
 lately i cant remember what i did when i smoke and thats bad
 starting not to want to smoke out of anything but woods bruh
 is it some pretty girls at uncg that wanna be my friend that smoke lol
 around the corner from me somebody got smoked right there in the summer. 
 someone to smoke and chill with is exactly what i need
 is weed legal in florida asking for a friend 
 on my break i come out here with the smokers just to see the daylight
 if youre sick amp cant get over being sick  dont smoke for about a week its not to hard you feinds
 i cant live with out weed   you i can live with out 
 them percs had my lil ass throwing up  im sticking to weed everything else aint right 
 you can smoke drink have sex and party but when its done and you come down from it the problem still there you need jesus stop  running 
 someone thought to remind me that i cant smoke here nosmokingceleste celeste nosmoking 
 im bout to hang my wet laundry up in the smoke pit.
 why is it literally so hard to find someone that is down to smoke and like touch your butt i just dont get it.
 fucked up by giving her a drink amp some weed brownies cause they can make it seem like he meant to get her out of it but she took it aint it
 cannot stand when people smoke around me like hello i cant breathe
 smoking a blunt is not a date. we can smoke one after the date by all means but take me to get a pizza or something 
 walked into the office at work to my gm saying he just had to find a weed dealer that likes his butthole licked and now idk what to do
 @notorioussray @kvmara i know people who smoke and cant function without smoking. too much of anything is bad. i just be worried about mfs
 @scottyybad lmao people knock the you smoke line like it aint the best line ever 
 anyone else remember that veggie tales movie where the evil weed feeds on rumors and grows until it can eat the veggies no ok.
 smoke bud dont let it smoke you fam
 this dude is gonna get smoked if he keeps taunting...the lapd in the valley dont mess around  chase
 worst feeling is smoking and the smoke goes in your eye
 someone adventure w me and smoke an l
 my significant other does not have to smoke weed...but i mean  im a do it so hopefully you cool w that.
 i dont find anything attractive about a not doing anything for himself smoke all day at the house with no job type of guy
 fact i hate running out of weed more than anything  even hitler. 
 lmao everyone excited to smoke outside and im home with a rolled j and no lighter 
 everybody around here smells like weed stevewilkos 
 should i smoke rn or save my joint for friday
 update tony is at my house smoking my weed while im at work amp on my twitter rn smh
 i only smoke when weed wh other people
 addiction is everywhere and everyone is addicted to something.. so im keep smoking my weed..
 up in my zone told youngin roll up no he cant smoke if we dont know him
 @darheddol come to d.c. get a half smoke.
 pretty good smoked burger at taylors smokehouse in hillsboro  but too much dirty smoke on everything else. unique 
 cigarette smoke makes me physically sick now i cant believe edgy fifteen year old me was cool with it
 no bc i smoke too lol 
 goes for a run immediately smokes cigarette after
 fav this is you want to be my actual friend. i like to chill  smoke weed  drink  cook  go out  i dress up at all time. im very humble.. lmk
 would he let us buy pot on sundays  because planning ahead on saturday doesnt seem like a pot smokers usual skil 
 stop smoking weed cause my tolerance is to high or become m
 someone smoke me out rn.
 my patient who seems really cool keeps trying to smoke me out. lol never once did i mention i smoke weed.
 need me a girl so i can smoke and do hw with her ass
 @cifizzari i dont even smoke so thats not going to be a problem lol
 fuck  bitch amp smoke  dart remixxx  newmusic wavy bangbang trill 
 well. i was suppose to take a nap. buttttt when ya gang say lets smoke. you hop tf up
 i find my own nirvana in the smoke of my reefer
 idk why i think weed will fix all of my ailments.
 i could smoke 99 blunts rn and if a bitch come out her neck sideways w some bs id still lose my cool amp fuck her up this aint a game bitch
 i smoke. i know. which means the only conclusion is issa lie. if somebody laces you  you not about to recount that 
 i cant deal wit cigarette smokers man
 the only lettuce i want is tha ganja
 my whole family smoke weed from my great grandmas to my 13 year old cousins.
 i dont need friends bc i got weed friends
 you want pussy slide in someones messages like everybody else. weed aint eharmony.
 pulling up at different weed shops amp getting first time patient deals amp hella discounts gtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgt wavy
 the best part about smoking weed is going to chipotle after
 ill smoke u out w the weed i buy
 i cant leave weed alone... lmao im addicted
 you ever search for the smokecarbon detector thats beeping and cant find it thats how i feel about this president. helpmeplease
 somebody smoke dis blunt wit me...
 i be happy asf when i smoke  
 i cant believe people are still selling weed on instagram 
 vrs..but waukegan the state making me really go hard in the paintcant smoke cant drank cant keep calm or thankthink they want my ship to
 some of the best emails i have ever seen on states building code forum  its related building codes for cannabis farms security isitacrop
 who tryna smoke rn
 rolled and smoked a blunt on facetime w my sister
 good weed rolled to perfection
 @father come smoke weed w me n some other whiteboys  like 5 houses down from u rn
 im in luv w my weed man
 1 month smoke free...niggas done did the impossible lol
 id be a really shitty friend if i didnt tell you  soooo happy birthday @greenwell10  feel free to come smoke a blunt
 @pinkdoesmatter you gotta learn to weed out the dumb men from the good ones and youll be okay.
 yeah were just a chill family  i smoke a lot of bud dad i babysit for ... thought i left boulder ...
 wen u in a smoke sesh amp someone asks aye who rolled this hoe amp youre the one who rolled that hoe 
 well its not for my consumption  its for a friend. i like real weed. that loudpack lol 
 no  as my child you cant smoke with me... drink with me... curse at me.. do that with your little friends so i can find out amp beat your ass
 @mrshasta fuck this noise. there is not enough booze or weed in the world to justify this.
 every person is arizona has weed except me because my plastic lil card that keeps me out of jail for weed says the wrong states name
 @blondiexc adams song  first date  sober  i miss you  whats my age again  feeling this  shes out of her mind  dump weed stockholm syndrome
 i really be trying to find people to smoke with lol. i get tired of smoking by myself sometimes  other times i love it though.
 @poncholozanog @troyaikman elway you must be from denver and weed is legal 
 people who smoke can still smoke outside like they have to in any public setting and should expect to if they have 
 coloradans cant be mad about slashing funding for schools by recriminalizing weed if youre abolishing the public 
 i know you guys are smoking  so just find somewhere else to smoke ok thank you officer will do
 ok.. let them smoke themselves to death..then only the fit will survive  
 @danonecanada  can i expect a 650gram size of your activia pineapple anywhere soon  love it wfresh pineapple amp hemp hearts. yum
 netflix and smoke and food and chill
 just want some down girls to chill and smoke with is that to hard to find
 you know what is really wild legal marijuana employs more people than coal. 
 im 21 and i do not smoke and i do not drink and i do not party and im to old to be a hoe. i rather be lowkey and 
 damn  @realbobbyroode. thats more smoke than @matthardybrands volcano. lol. wwenxt
 all these hs girls need to chill. it took me way too long to perfect my smokey eye for a 16 year old to be out here w the same one 
 people that smoke a lot cant seem to hold they liquor
 drink or smoke...
 k someone hang w me smoke n grub...
 k someone hang w me in a lil lets smoke n grub lol
 should i smoke rn
 its so sad how females would do anything for free weed 
 @alxck a friend with weed is better
 i personally want some weeds rn but my bank account not having it
 how is it that i dont smoke but i keep find dubbies in my room 
 i love to smoke bowls in my bed without worrying about my mom getting crazy w me lol
 i need to smoke my mouth hurts so mf baddd
 deez my best friends and they abuse cannabis  
 @onefiftyone lol at least when we come back yall can bbq or smoke me some trout
 if you smoke cigarettes ltltlt
 lol he can buy weed but cant buy his girl a meal or some chocolates or a single rose haaaaaaaaaa.   no.
  yall niggas really be mad when yall see i can out smoke yall 
 this girl literally smoked weed with a guy then blamed it on me
 i keep eating so much but i really cant help it like when i smoke i just cant get full
 i need somebody to come get in my car and smoke with me while i drive around aimlessly
 rachel im addicted to dick and weed
 it must be the ganja
 who trynna smoke n drink  hmuuu
 definitely trynna smoke or go out for drinks this weekend. see a movie or some shit.
 barely drink but i always smoke
 the weed one is so funny lmao 
 when you brother tells your parents hes going to the  batting cages but hes really gunna go smoke a blunt lmao 
 i remember when c breezy chocked kaylaun and then ran. smoked jitt too
 you cant call yourself a smoker if you cant roll.
 how you know i wasnt gone smoke then come  
 to face this l or find someone to smoke it with me 
 going to sleep after you smoke a blunt is the best feeling ever. idc what you say.
 everybody ignoring my shit lmao. im just trying to smoke someone out. am i ugly do i smell or somethin do i offend
 lets smoke amp chill 
 come smoke in hell wit me 3
 drinker  i dont smoke   well idk how to smoke.  
 man i cant smoke rn either this shit wack
 gosh i need to smoke or drink 
 i cant stand dude that smokes weed everday all day its more to life i just cant
 who can scoop me up in oxnard ill smoke you out 
 i cant stand dudes who smoke every day all day.. its more to life.. i just cant..
 need to find someone to watch family guy amp smoke a blunt with
 @queeenjj idk what lol weed lol
 i would like a magic weed fairy to come thru clutch right now please.
 i had a dream about weed two nights in a row idk if thats supposed to mean anything 
 girls do anything for weed  thats not bonding thats her getting free weed 
 somebody smoke some blunts with me when i get off work
 i need a girl that smoke 
 tay really had these dudes come smoke us out then kicked them out
 hey guys i had two hits of weed and things are weird rn and i cant stop eating help
 need more friends who are down to smoke w me at 130 am
 fuvk a moke all i need is dope smoke
 i jus needa smoke
 someone come smoke w ya bishhhhh 
 you got me feeling like you just rolled up for me you like smokeee
 this weed got me feeling like im high for the first time again slump city.
 making ramen at 2 am bc i have no control over my life and my best friend woke me up to smoke but im smoking wo him lol
 someone come smoke w me since lilis being a lame
 i just want somebody to chill with  smoke with.. talk about life with  laugh with  be goofy with  hoop with  amp build with.
 somebody pull up lol ill smoke you out im tryna hotbox a few woods.
 my moms friend gave us weed 
 bone thugz n harmony weed song   lets smoke ive got to get high
 i got a blunt of purp rolled up amp save till i kan smoke again
 you have to be happy with yourself before any one else can be happy with you bruh fr fr smoke some weed or go eat s 
 i smoke too much the problems of a 20 something
 if there was such thing as a vacuum that only sucked up weed and nothing else  i got about an ounce in my room scattered
 wish i was w my smokey rn
 first time meeting someone @ the library tonight you seem chill... like you smoke  just for being a calm person w small eyes 
 first time meeting someone @ the library tonight you seem chill... like you smoke   just for being a calm person w small eyes 
 i just be wanting to smoke and fuck
 lmao miserable ass bitch. go jump on a dick or something thatll make you feel better. smoke a blunt something. help you fuckin relax.
 @mlmwiseguy smoke if you got em mister l ampm. 21 great tobaccos make 20 wonderful smokes thank you for sharing your thoughts
 not everybody can handle your progress  not everybody can keep up. progress has a tendency to weed some of them out.
 them you never chill or smoke with us anymore.  me issa job
 we supposed to be snowed in and i dont have any weed.. 
 i hate drugs  weed cool but anything else dead  im so against it
 to smoke rn or to not smoke rn
 still tryna smoke w gina from arizona
 real friends dont smoke your weed when you ask them to hold it for you. 
 @readbttlines you are a challenge....to keep track of...takes a lot of work and effort....is that how you weed out 
 youll have to survive without my tweets about smoked oysters and menstrual blood. i think you can though. i have faith.
 nothing about me is fake just an fyi  nor do i want anything you have. got my own blunts to smoke. good try on insu 
 snow aint that bad when you have friends who come to from newark to smoke you out 
 @mikeps78nfl youre up in mass  arent you some of that legalized weed would go well with the show.
 i dont know a better feeling than enjoying a good smoke while working.avocigars avo cigars cigar botl buy now 
 damn everybody smokes 
 honest resistance to sessions would have been to go after him for his views on marijuana and forfeiture  but dems must feed the masses.
        this smoked bacon from @butcherbox is everything  non gmo no sugar added and 
 when you get weed from you exs friend and hes just really fucking hot
 young jo and you know what im bout rolled up smoke tough clouds outta my...ahh . listen to 
 @circleofbooks free ebook a marijuana mystery set in mendocino. 
 i really cant date a dude that smoke cigarettes. thats prolly the most unattractive thing to me. yuck mouth
 cause the dependency people have to smoke weed is dead sad lol
 @megatokebyyets best smoker ever. 
 me and my niggas use to come in parties with bottles on deck and a shit load of weed and make that shit are party
 somebody who doesnt smoke  let me borrow your piss
 @zipperedlips   if it werent for weed  i honestly believe i would be dead.
 yo i cant be smoking weed lmao. i be doingthinking the most
 drink my beer and smoke my weed  but all my friends are what i neeeeed. i loveeeee collegeeeeeee
 wow its legitimately so corny how my friends only like to hang amp chill with me if weed is involved like
 when she listens to all your favorite music  rolls your weed and is all about you 
 @cbcnews does he have a medical marijuana certificate. hes going to need one
 aint nun like a shortie who smokes honestly  like lets just get high and chill ma fr fr
 theres only one draw back to having girl plugs... you cant flirt w them for free weed.
 we got to have a cute lil smoke sesh. happy monthversary to us being friends  
 niggas sell a lil weed listen to a couple ugk songs and automatically turn into street niggas
 alll im trying to do is adventure amp smoke an l in the snow
 smoking weed can cause ppl who already have depression or anxiety to get worse its happened to me amp other friends 
 man i needa smoke 
 mesave your money to do cool shit this summer me to mereach gown every weekend to stand in the smokers section an 
 i really start hallucinating and crying when i smoke and shaking like im having a seizure 
 n smokepurpp the chemist 
 17. drink or smoke
 yall needa stop smelling like weed i keep thinking its me
 aint got shit else to do but smoke in the crib
 bayp introduces weed wiser find a weed dispenser near you invest pennystock stockmarket
 i keep the  but i dont smoke
 give me free weed ill support anything except d. trump
 @theiilesttrave lmao you wont smoke with me at school lol
 i just want a cute boy to take to festivals w me amp cuddle amp smoke amp stunt with. whys that so hard to find
 this is why i cant fuck with yall. apparently  im blonde and smoke pot so that means i sleep around  
 29 smoke  drink 
 no more free smokes neither match something or fuck out my face
 @gottigoddess cant even smoke weed out there fr lol
 @kimkardashian let me find out you smoke  
 @almightychaz @ogbooskie on tha weekends smoke sessions  
 come smoke out and party with the one and only 420queen for her birthday bash at lincoln st 
 you needa smoke dillon. 
 me if you could do anything for a day without any consequence  what would it be girl at work weed gtmfw 
 @notkatelee just dont smoke bongs youll create air pockets
 bought weed from my dads friend yesterday  what a weird experience.
 in 9th grade  my friend amp i did s presentation on legalizing marijuana. we got a 98. the smartest kid did his on euthanasia. he failed.
 in 9th grade  my friend amp i did a presentation on legalizing marijuana. we got a 98. the smartest kid did his on euthanasia. he failed.
 someone come thru smoke some weed and chill
 pennys and shitty weed 
 trying to smoke n chill 
 when you amp your nigga can just cool it in the house together and smoke good cause yall know yall good is the best 
 but all he said was when you start smoking that threw my whole game off now im focusing on coop like nigga you know im smoke black n mild
 whats up twitter im as suicidal as ever and my only friend is weed
 someone be my friend and smoke amp get food w me pls 
 now that the snow is all gone everyone can make it safely to 365 recreational cannabis for our awesome daily deals 
 hold up he gave me some weed  we good now lol
 when someone posts about girl scout cookies idk if theyre talking about cookies or weed..
 if you have to ask me if i rather smoke a wood or a blunt are you really my friend 
 if you smoke cigarettes you cant argue with me.
 why cant everyone just smoke like me just get up out my face and let me roll my weed
 myfantasydate would be us going to a concert or doing something interactive....then smoke blunts n talk about life 
 i cant stand the smell of smoke. 
 who we fighting if weed cant help 
 is there weed in it lol 
 @imanipina i did a whole project on that. 46 of african americans in federal prisons are nonviolent drug offenders. most with weed
 i need friends that will be like lets go to twin peaks to smoke and come back on random days of the week
 well to anyone that smoked w me recently... yall now got strep too
 ill smoke w u if u give me a spot rn 
 children in indiana with epilepsy can legally consume marijuana 
 dearstone getting fired but getting to keep doing lady vols games is like ur wife divorcing you but saying you get to keep the weed eater
 if you cant smoke in yo house you dont need to be smoking 
 people be fighting so damn much  why cant we all just get along and smoke a few blunts.
 nigga cant even see to his child   but can ride and smoke with everybody tf
 so you can get 8 years proba tion for murder but some people got 10 from a couple gs of weed  cant deal
 i dont even smoke but i love seeing the funny smoking tweets i cant even relate to.
 wrote a song called pineapple trees today brought to you and sponsored by marijuana
 kan somebody smoke with me so i can spill out my feelings please
 or you just might realize that your convos aint nothing without them. im trying to bond without the weed. 
 somebody pull up on me and smoke 
 girls  all night girls  all night girls  all night girls  all night its a zip party all you can smoke 
 everybody be wanting different strands of weed  all my clients like different shit
 @charli125 @insidethepylons you dont like your food with a side of smoke
 constant battle of not wanting to get out of bed and wanting to smoke
 can i bum a smoke this is how we meet  her asking this favor  not because shes cheap or 
 lil pump and smokepurpp the shit
 good that judges saw thru natl security smokescreen to see religious discrimination as basis for eo. no tweaks can 
 nah they cant smoke in my house 
 i have a weed baggy in my bra and i swear i got the dankest titties rn
 me when someone says that i cant smoke 
 @lilmillllz lmfao yo im not bouta disrespect you so you needa chill out. you act like my man dont smoke. chill out
 i hit my weed while i was high and i cant find it anywhere. i shouldve been born a blonde.
 psa to all girls use hemp lotion to moisturize  its the best.
 me n my cousin bout to smoke wit it from ilovenewyork. i got yall with the snaps. this shit bout to b mad funny 
 who trynna match up and smoke fat whats the deal
 who trynna match up and smoke fat whats the deal
 come smoke with me  
 @chasgreen13 dont hate cus we got best weed
 come 2 sidebar tonight amp come kick it w me  amp smoke me out    
 i needa smoke another blunt.
 about to smoke with my cousin  is this a bad decision yes
 come over and smoke with me.
 all these lights and sirens and im just trynna pass thru amp smoke
 is it legal to openly smoke the reefer in arizona now
 just dont smoke in the house and keep the law away  im not mad 
 live from weed  california 
 a cop just walked in a weed store to buy weed while on duty gooning.
 yall really be over hyping cali weed.
 bars and weed been more real then everybody else 
 @ghoulrunnings ive smoked w all 3 of my friends n it was all disappointing n one of the times i puked so im here to debunk that theory
 lol i got attitude rn but ill b better after i smoke
 cant believe i left my weed in payton car im tweakin
 how long can you go without weed alcohol or anything 
 i cant stand the smell of cigarette smoke 
 1 month till my birthday. ill be celebrating 3 years 100 sober and free.  no booze  syrups  weed  or any other mind altering substance
 this old lady was like i needa chill pill or pretends to smoke a blunt lmao be my grandma
 u needa smoke bestie  
 he weird but id smoke w him 
 i remember we made that track big bottles good weed and everybody thought we was tweaking lol. but me and him loved that shit waltforever
 somebody cool that smokes move in to this crib next door lol
 @222warlord just know when i do come we need to smoke heavy
 really forgot i have this rolled ass jay that i never smoked 
 dont ask me to smoke and when i say no  keep asking  its annoying as hell girl
 its chill to smoke 
 a wise man once said dont believe everything you read  aliz and weed redskins fans wild 
 i want more girlfriends who smoke so we can chill  be cute  n shit
 do not smoke a cigarette around your dog let alone right in its face
 ugh yall come up here sheeesh we need a smoke sess 
 fuck on ya bitch kick ha out doorshow she got to the crib man i dont knowwatch me smoke out this zip while i keep pourin 
 anyone want to come over and smoke 
 do yall really expect me to believe she sat there for an hour and smoked one blunt lol 
 lol smoking this california weed i just went to my settings tryna change the song 
 i dont drink i dont smoke but ill come hype you while you turn up 
 no weed  no friends
 causal smoker those who rarely smoke or just smoke at parties.
 idk anybody to get weed from in chicago  salty.
 could we not smoke around your kids  please .
 @djsmokey666 @verified love u smokes 
 but we just friends girl so keep that weed rolling
 best song to roll up and smoke a few to  
 how come yall cant just smoke n be cool  yall always tryna find new ways to get high  
 @irreverentduo can we still keep the smoke monster  polar bears  and evangeline lilly
 hennessy plenty weed do you have anything stronger.
 i need a girl friend who can smoke as much as me and actually hang 
 @kvngbalor come again ion suck dick for hennessy or weed  got me mistaken for somebody else
 id smoke with jesus if he rolled up
 idk if they live together  but theyre always together  and always asking to smoke me out.
 this class is so boring. im trynna go smoke.
 imma keep smoking this weed and keep doing me  stay away from all yo fake shit
 you just dont needa smoke period  
 lil pump and smokepurpp are the future
 @tinatribeca lmao nah im not telling you to pay me w weed just gift me a dub amp ill cook something up for you amp have it ready this weeknd
 weird ass people on facebook just trying to smoke my joint to jthuromusic lifted feat. 
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive  i smoke it everyday cause it keeps me alive. 
 go buy my friends record  hes funny and the 1st time he ever smoked pot was with me  so you know hes cool 
 some1 spark me up so ion smoke this square
 come smoke
 yall i cant smoke weed no more 
 lol i smoke n drink but ima house girl n i dont party ..  
 im too mad rn im bout to smoke amp forget about all that
 smoke some weed. get some ice cream or something. chit chat. 
 come meet the makers of acme weed company at 4pm today youll love the deals on this yummy flower 
 someone come smoke since allye big mad rn 
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive i smoke it everyday cause it keeps me alive
 about to smoke this blunt to the dome
 i just smoked a blunt wit ya girl friend 
 i have no day off   only after work i can hang out   get some weed smoke some weed   i do not know babe   but i like u
 uhhh can i smoke with u
 tryna smoke wit somebody
 if youre gonna drinksmoke weed.. i mean by all means  whatever. but do not pick a verse in the bible amp twist it to justify your habits.
 its firday you dont have work or school tomorrow  come hang out with us to night  and smoke a hookah and chill till 4 a.m. byob dramafree
 who wants to do something or just smoke
 @ladywithtwodogs hey  i havent seen anything recently  but if you need me to weed through kid movies of the 90s  im your girl.
 11. smoke drink both
 lets just smoke and chill 
 legit just need to smoke amp chill
 come see this beautifully dysfunctional cast at dramafest weed promise youll enjoy  not pictured my cousin 
 4 types of fire og see you in pomona tonight come smoke with us afura westcoast 
 smoke frontos so much i cough when i smoke something else 
 the best part about stashing weed in your bra is it pushes your boobs up a little
 sometimes life calls for a smoke and a nice rooftop to enjoy the view.  
 i got the best weed out here. believe that.
 when you get smoke in your eye ltltlt
 i dont like drinking. i rather smoke 10 joints than take a shot tbh. they can have that shit .
 so guys really expect you to drop off your kid just so they can smoke out your crib amp watch netflix   
 never needed weed to calm down. never needed alcohol to get wild. i can control my own state of mind.
 im just tryna smoke with everybody  people are different when there high and all yall hoes aggy asf and need to change
 at midnight i can smoke and gamble
 need to smoke like 5 blunts rn
 this guy keeps his weed in his old salsa jars 
 i believe ill smoke any woman on this tl when it comes to cookin
 26 i prefer beer over hard liquor bc im a lightweight with liquor fuck u i rather smoke weed
 who knew buying weed in covina was so hard lol wheres duh bud
 my girl cut me off i guess lol  can i come smoke with somebody
 i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive
 my whole fam knows i smoke.
 the besdt fam barnbash2017 @ smokehouse creek ranch 
 @kaitlynhosier got into the weed brownies again and thinks monday is the first day of the week. i believe its sunday. please let us know
 i was lying i smoke cigs because im addicted
 someone lets smoke too bored rn.
 liam smokes thru his nose and i still shared the stoog w him thats real friendship. boogers 
 somebody come over and smoke me out
 cant even have personal weed without someone tryna buy it lmao
 throwing a weed party tomorrow bc d cant drink 
 i wonder how many families playstation  weed ampamp immaturity and pathological lying have broke up.
 i have weed and all but no friends or a spot to smoke at lol
 i made that song so yall can twerk n smoke weed to it so go be bad when you listen to my shit dont be doing no wholesome shit to this song
 i could smoke a 8th to the head rn
 yea everybody got smoke but everybody aint got that pressure . cutit
 when the weed man taking forever to pull up w. your shit 
 dont smoke in ya own house fam
 stop smoking weed and see how many of your friends ask to hang out. youll be surprised 
 you females smoke with any and everybody. it was never that serious. k
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive
 @visual9 man everybody smokes 
 you cant get caught wit weed if you smoke it all 
 i keep smelling weed. its not even from me either
 no matter what... if you smoke or not.... if youre in wells fargo... youre high
 cigarette smoke  ltltlt
 i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive
 we doesnt get me high  knowledge does. weed just helps me sleep and eat when humanity ruins my appetite and circadian rhythms.
 mind my business  smoke my weed   amp secure the bagg is all i do.. no friends   no distractions  i gotta make it 
 i love when i pull up at a drive thru or whatever and its a fellow smoker that is super chill about it lol
 would yall rather drink  or smoke   or both 
 having 2 go outside 2 smoke is so inconvenient i needa mooove outttt
 you cant smoke away two assault charges @bbock50
 who needs a date when i got the amazing girl in the world @beshgs plus weed 
 you cant smoke away two assault charges
 hate when i cant find weed
 im sorry to the girls who drink  smoke amp party every weekend only to try and fill the missing piece of them that someone recently broke
 i cant believe fern and huntress wizard are going to get married and smoke weed all over ooo
 i really hate when my ex smoke around me knowing that i cant 
 no one knows how to do anything but smoke amp drink 
 @watchout4zeb0 @charlesoakley34 my animal who smokes spirits
 all i do is go to work come home and smoke and stack my money life done got boring lol
 i cant even smoke no more 
 when friends come over to smoke gt
 well things are getting better. i just got my letter in the mail saying that i was approved for my recommendation of medical marijuana.
 some of that smoke n chill music by ya boi ym. 
 looking for a girl to cook a 5 star dinner  smoke some chronic  drink some bubbly ass wine and let her ride my face on valentines day
 if i had a lot of money  id buy everyone weed so everyone would chill the fuck out
 really good turnout tonight  but with 30 people appearing on stage its hard to weed out friends and family 
 thats why i respect my medical connects cause they dont needa lie about the type of weed it is  it comes sealed on to it anyways
 niggaz cant hang too much smoke 
 in the woods behind my friends house  we smoked out of a pop can and idk if it was the weed or chemicals but i was 
 ima roll and smoke this blunt. songs dropping at midnight.
 plus food...and weed.. lol 
 i never smoke with anyone else im the one whos rolling. but its a family than thats different. 
 i smoke to keep it mello  i drink to keep it mello  everyday i keep it mello
 im tryna drink and smoke man
 i need a smoke after that chapter. dont come at me. 
 i need to be able to carry marijuana on me legally
 im deadass just tryna smoke and my friends wont let me lmaooo i love them
 im scared to let my flowers bloom cause they will be confused as weeds
 hmu if you need a place to drink and smoke
 house full of smokers and i cant find any lighters
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive 
 i legit need to find a friend thats down to order this valentines day pizza with me and smoke sum 
 too main stream i rather smoke bud lmao 
 i need to smoke a black  i hate cant smoke in the house   but i can drink tho but i dont have that .
 come around now cant even hit the reeferrr  
 i cant believe i ever thought weed was a bad thing.
 i cant believe i ever thought people shouldnt smoke weed.
 my peoples got the best smoke in the city hands down
 why is weed always so dead.
 need some new  ganja friends. now accepting applications
 i cant mess with girls who smoke or even drink more than occasionally for that matter
 im bored  someone come watch netflix n smoke out w me in tryna whip hot boxed 
 no one wants a girl w values anymore its all about the ones who drink amp smoke it seems like
 i just need a nigga to bring me my food weed amp front without a headache or me asking
 this weed is to loud rn
 so exhausted but must smoke.
 came friend buy to chill. i thought thats what we were going to do until he brought the weed out. 
 crack a bottle n get the weed rolled up
 fuck smoke amp chill still my favorite song
 @gatlinjames23 yes bruh .. a whole camper was pouring smoke and come to find out its only
 you pot heads r fucking addicts. weed may not be a drug but for a substance that causes drowsiness and sleepiness yall cape hard for it.
 got that text asking if i wanna smoke.  he know i can always use a high
 something about people who are straightedge just...irks...me...and its not bc they dont drink or smoke etc lol
 just want friends to smoke with
 somebody smoke me up
 i smoke to survive  
 yall please stop hyping up trash ass weed giving it crazy ass names like you aint smoking dirt... 
 why this guy come into my job asking for work right  so i text him a list of places hiring. why he txt me back asking if i can smoke him out
 where the fuck.. who gets raped because they smoked.. 
 a friend w weed is a friend indeed 
 @brunomars when you come to seattle ill smoke you and your guys up and feed youswag
 @vinsumoke smoke something 
 turning between wanting to smoke nd wanting to sleep
 just like people who only smoke when they drink  i will not admit that i only drink coffee when im in the field.
 @joshtolentino95 come thru bros  i smoke like 45 blunts a day. life is cozy
 honestly murfreesboro weed just keep me busy this shit so slaw out here
 everybody and they mother smoke weed 
 if you want to test a mans character   give him unlimited power. you will weed out the roughe definetly .now the problem is  rid us of him.
 this one time i told oomf lets match he said aii we get there we smoke his l first and never let me spark mine lmfaoooo
 stop being salty   youre not getting a pound of reefer 
 this weed got some of yall looking like yall aging 
 roll my feelings up and smoke them away like usual
 do you drink or smoke
 i am ugly.. rememebr i am the cute one.. abraxas who comes is.. afk buying weed 
 i know somebody who will smoke that shit and not gaf  
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive  i smoke it everyday cause it keeps me alive  so what i get loaded i aint fw no body
 is it not fucking weed etiquette to not smoke somebody else shit  niggas get shot for that ya know ..
 if you dont smoke i cant hang with u
 if i can find a girl who smoke as much as i do well be perfect
 made three types of ribs. tbh need a smoker...but these turned out okay  
 i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive
 mom in middle school i looked out the bus window and saw a guy with a rolled up marijuana cigarette me ....you mean a joint
 somebody just come here and smoke one wiff me 
 something something something something  i get weeded. my daughter scribbled over that line i couldnt read it.
 chocolate and weed got me thru a break up 
 i respect girls who dont drink  smoke or have sex but they dont judge ppl who do those are the best girls
 @itsatreerat i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive
 i just want to come home   bae already got the weed rolled with her feet up waiting on me to spark that bit smh wishfulthoughts
 lmao just found out my lil cousin smoke weed
 where da weed in dallas  my sister mia rn
 so now im broke amp weedless lets see how many ppl hmu to chill later lmao
 drink my drink and smoke my weed. but my good friends is all i need
 what horrible world do we live in where poutineville closes for good but smokes is thriving toronto will never get poutine right.
 i just need somebody to lay up with me and rub my booty while i smoke 
 can a girl just smoke some weed without getting in trouble... lol
 eat less meat drink more water and only smoke shit if it comes out the ground.
 i cant read the value of a thought time creates without needing marijuana.
 i truly believe i smoke too much especially before i sleep n thats why i dont have dreams lol.
 someone come thru and smoke w me
 psa dont drop weed on your microfiber hair towel cause it will not come of. ever.
 from this day forward i will never drink liquor nor will i smoke weed. separate yourself from the flock to find your own strength.
 i love to eat and i love to smoke .. if i fwu youll never go without either
 cooling bouto go get my wings amp weed amp find plans 
 a kief catcher is like the bank account of weed
 its almost time to see whats to come for rick and the gang smoke ring will be hosting us for 
 i dont do shit else but smoke when im bored
 they say this shit is just cannabis talk  but without it my thoughts are trapped in a vault
 yall live for bitches and blunts we live for weed and money
 niggas out here really addicted to weed  thats crazy
 i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive i smoke it everyday cause it keeps me alive
 someone come thru wit some smoke of the weed variety and the confrontation variety
 im about to come smoke you out the bestgtgt
 @jshbrnch lol im about to smoke rn so i guess i lied but today gone be my last
 the marijuana sasquatch is my best friend
 lies are the smoke screen. and how they hold the base. 
 i need someone to chill wif me today amp smoke blunts amp be a alcoholic. howboudat
 people who smoke cigarettes in the car wit all the windows rolled up triflin
 woah.....you have really good energy  security guy at the weed store
 me and jules were standing around unsure of what to do w ourselves so she looks at me and says wanna smoke n this is why were best friends
 and he gone keep it real me  trill w|me...pop a pill me  smoke a blunt and chill w|me.
 this why i smoke weed.. cause i would kill half you bitches sober .
 damn all the californians who moved here cause of weed mustve brought their weather or something too
 you knoww  marijuana is so powerful it can turn enemies into friends. 
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a midnight toker.
 ppl breath b stank bc of weed   cant relate
 i have crampssss  somebody please come smoke me out. i dont wanna take anything
 i said depoprovera induces homosexuality in black males. i said marijuana mildly feminizes black males.@wesleymuhammad thepotplot
 my dad claims my brother is to busy smoking the reefer to hangout with us 
 niggas weed really be smelling like shit talking about its that loud lmfao aii doo doo breath
 yall smoke with your parents cant relate
 just told my grandma about my recent switch to working with cannabis companies and she goes  thatll come in handy 
 come to joes the winter bbq smoke is amazing 
 this is what i get when i ask for cute pictures  thanks for being my best friend and the best smoker date a girl 
 to drink or smoke tonight 
 why my friends leave me in this room to go smoke 
 black families have been torn apart because of inflated weed sentences but nah ya videos mad cute 
 whos trying to smoke and chill hmu  
 my building got police inside of it 247 now. cant smoke in my hallway cant hit the roof. cant even talk shit without worrying bout the
 @chriscdesign i live in hamilton  cant walk a block without someone asking me for a smoke or change. torontos a beautiful city.
 @pacivics high school was the only time i even enjoyed weed tbh
 dont smoke rocks really one of the most slept on projects to come out 
 if you aint got no roaches then youll be trying to hit ya guys up to see if somebody can smoke you out until youre back good 
 trying to buy weed in utah is a fucking nightmare
 i mean ima enjoy my vacay with or without weed but ion drink like that so when im bored or remember im extra sober i shall complain...
 why everyone smoke weed now
 my girl smoke weed like a rasta queen.  bellecour rastaqueen
 somebody match some  i need to smoke
 idk how people can sit there and smoke weed its fuckin gross
 i guess ima find something to do and a hookah to smoke
 friend passes me l nahhhh im good i dont smoke da weeeds prefusely dabs
 all of my friends parents know we smoke weed  but there was a time we really had to hide that shit 
 i knew it  bitch cant smoke wit me nomore mann
 lets chill  smoke some marijuana and get lost in are thoughts.
 somebody joce me while i smoke
 scoop and ill smoke you out. any friends pls
 really need to figure out what ima do for valentines day since i cant smoke or drink 
 this weed and liquor got me feeling right
 i needa smoke cause im getting annoyed.
 lol. besides tyla ion be seeing nobody when i come home. @itsonlydesha come home so we can smoke
 crazy how in elementary pe class we were dancing to proud mary  a song about weed lol
 shes come out of the weed closet  
 hank why do your drink  hank why do you roll smoke.
 im not tryna smoke loud rn at all
 my knows i smoke weed but i still had to turn the shower on  so  that the smell could blend in with the steam. 
 things i want rn 1. long hair again 2. a nathan hail from perk  3. 200 million dollars  4. like 8 warmbloods and puppies 5. 6lbs of weed
 i roll the best weed because i got it going on 
 i run out of weed at the most inconvenient times 
 @webmd living w a cigarettemarijuana smoker taxes a mind. sparks the brainstem amp synapse  shortening the colon qui 
 when youre out of weed but then find chunks still stuck in your grinder.
 when she come over and says she got mad weed 
 i done smoked in places they said i cant 
 i needa smoke
 my knows i smoke weed but i still had to turn the shower on  so  that the smell could blend in with the steam. 
 id love for my girl to smoke wit me  but if she dont im cool wit it.
 i may smoke alot but best believe i got my shit together too  so dont try coming at me like im some lazy stoner
 if they smoke without me they grimy asf
 a long car ride with friends and weed is much needed
 when your friends make you hang out with them but all you really want to do is smoke a blunt and ruin your life 
 hank why do you drink  hank why do you roll smoke.
 @flydre21 dog average more than 6 before u look for smoke.
 okc so tight they getting smoked 
 wish i had a friend bck here i be wanting to smoke n take pics 
 this why i cant stand giving my number out because they never have anything interesting to say its always wya wyd lets smoke
 so moral of the story people need weed bc they cant control themselves without it lmao 
 cant lose the weed now maybe thats some good weed livepd
 i my weed cause she keep it real w me
 i just want to smoke and chill around some cool folk
 damn im scared to even go smoke this dutch i think ima miss something
 ill just smoke  i dont need friends
 off work  feeling a little better  time to smoke some blunts 
 top 5 weed songs... 
 gonna smoke this last j and crash. night friends  @toptiertatas @selfshotsdaily @thepantypanther @luvlita 
 wish i had somebody to come smoke me down
 funny as hell when people only hit your phone bc you have weed
 you always know theres trouble when a guy says oh im just trying to find someone to hang and smoke with 
 hold up  let me smoke this blunt and then well grub
 everybody sleep amp im trynna smoke 
 why is she scared to smoke a wood 
 i complain about never doing anything and sitting at home like i dont get invited to go to parties and go smoke and drink shit lol
 everybody down to smoke but nobody trynna match 
 amp they better come pick a nigga up cus i need smoke amp im bored rn amp have no inspiration
 i get bored i draw.. i get pissed off i listen to music.. i cry i look into the sky and talk to my grandparents and pray.. i stress i smoke.
 ciaira needs somebody to smoke with lmao
 i bet parties in the 70s80s were super fun. everyone drugged up. coked up lol now ppl smoke weed and stand around..
 some one come over and smoke w me
 need someone to smoke with rn
 yall wouldve believe this shit people do for weed 
 yall wouldve believe the shit people do for weed 
 song got me through my last heart break tbh amp smokin 1 gram a weed @ a time 
 mr g pledge rapping during smokeys joint on 89.9 wort... give us a call at 6082562001 keep 
 this weed is on the something...
 this weed is on to something. . .
 i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive i smoke it everyday because it keeps me alive 
 i think im the only one who doesnt smoke weed or anything. . . . .  i drink tequila 
 her when you gone smoke me out   me  you need to borrow a job with your broke ass . always trying smoke up somebody shit 
 11 you smoke or drink
 @cvndywife girl you dont need to leave your house when you smoke cause 
 finna smoke this wood and slump
 i cant stand people who talk down on other people who smoke weed
 im 20 years old and my mother finally doesnt have a problem w weed b l e s s
 man idk whos random hookah this is but they invited me to smoke it so best belive i am 
 lol yall boiz keep playin wit fire you gon get ya self smoked
 im all outta weed and all my friends are busy. hashtag sad af
 if youre ever in a bad mood go to the hookah bar and smoke and dance like its your last day on this earth. i promise youll love it
 can someone just smoke a fucking blunt with me like why is this so hard rn  im providing it people helllo
 you can find the best weed and artist on the west coast
 on granny unc got some of the best weed in the city
 how yall constantly smoke and drink and expect to lose weight 
 lets smoke til the sun come up
 you know you got the trap house when people hit you up to come smoke there 
 my best friends make me wanna smoke this many ciggies and i love them to death 
 @republicnola you took a 20 for 2  5 tickets amp didnt give me a wrist band  can i go smoke a cigarette or nah
 you aint want smoke wit my gang
 @itzamandalol you mean smoke a blunt
 thursday...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a little hookah 
 thursday...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a little hookah 
 thursday...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a little hookah 
 thursday...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a little hookah 
 guys tumble weeds are a real thing out here and they keep scaring the shit outta me
 cant believe i smoked a blunt w sm1 who ended me thank god that codeine was heavy 
 fucking burnt ass fooz blaming weed bc they cant get there shit together
 i ran outta weed so i stuffed the end of my spliff w shrooms lmao im getting reckless again
 whenever i meet a dude he doesnt even ask me on a date. hes just like you smoke bet let me come over we can smoke amp chill
 i can not drink amp smoke dawg...i cant handle that shit
 9th grade i done stole my daddy weed. had his ass mad as hell
 i hate ava lmao a nigga cant even smoke with ease  gotta go thru hell and high water to find a plug df 
 stephen miller  senior policy adviser to the president im a joker. im a smoker. im a midnight toker. 
 i smoke so much my tolerance level high asf thats why i be facing 
 theses nigga will drink  smoke  and chill with you then talk behind ya back 
 its so weird when my friends say i cant sleep at night... like nigga dont you smoke bud 
 i dont smoke weed or drink hard liquor every week or have sex or go out on the weekends but i dont think that makes me dull or boring 
 just smoke weed and chill
 @flaglersheriff can volusia keep their smoke over on their side. we dont need it. lol
 @jbarro why  hes just a joker  a smoker and a midnight toker.
 @sohcky find them and give them hug...tell them everything is going to be ok...or smoke them lol
 when your friends play at joes but you dont remember  @ joes on weed st. 
 ion think yall can survive without weed yall might go into a depression and die or something
 some 1 come smoke with me 
 great day to talk about cannabis with family and friends. when i go an talk to people. i bring 
 ill never be worried bout a nigga especially if he smoke flavored sweets  he already pussy
 this stephen miller dude is living up to his name. hes a joker. hes a smoker. hes a midnight toker. clearly. @thisweekabc
 i stopped smoking weed and rolled a blunt full of imagination and here i am 
 but i cant smoke like i used too just give me one joint and im lifted
 @postmalonefan71 @nikfenton u need to chill. should smoke a blunt or something
 who tryna slide thru  smoke some woods and give it up to da boy lol hit mah line
 you only get smoked out if you bad asf 8s and up
 come smoke like a hippie with the tribetribalhippieclique everyone will 
 so. going to sober up a little bit  not from weed never but save up  keep a clear mind and focus on whats important bettering myself
 drive around with your friends smoke a gram of that haze 
 if you had a gf that got mad at you for smoking weed what would do
 if you had a gf that gets mad when you smoke weed with friends what would you do
 keep ya enemies close. like the weed that you smoke
 you cant smoke if you never roll up 
 @trapyeezus smokepurpp gonna pop first then lil pump got next
 i ran shirtless with a bowl of cereal because i love marijuana
 keep the smoke rollin
 shout out to everyone who let me drink and smoke until i ended up in a box 
 @jensenclan88 jokers  smokers  midnight tokers... i know the type
 dan keeps saying lets go smoke and lets start the day and im like okay but then he keeps falling asleep on m 
 im a joker  ima smoker  ima midnight toker. i give my loving on the ruuuuun. ooooooooh  
 is it thursday yet...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a 
 what kind of day is this i cant smoke bc the kids keep going outside and i cant
 smoking weed keeps me sane
 i cant smoke  i cant play ow. i always watch tv  i wanted to do something else....
 the one time i want someone else to smoke with me  no one is around 
 who wants to come chill  smoke  netflix  xbox  anything my birthday is on valentines day and i wanna do something 
 perfect day to smoke a blunt w your friends
 you cant smoke gas girl so quit actin wit it
 we are being lied to. smoke and mirrors. stephen miller is top wh bullshit attack dog. 
 she was like yo i see my girl keep walking over to you tryna smoke with you amp shit  you can have her just bring her back to the o tmrw
 dont get me wrong im glad 12 let me go buuuuut bruh they took my grinder and me weed bruh like damn at least let me keep the grinder
 now you found someone with a matted weave to sit up amp smoke that garbage ass weed you keep. fuckboy
 mesmells weed if u have anything id suggest putting in ur car guy nah never  me finds 15 joints... throws in 
 this not funny yo. lemme spark my weed blood 
 if you rolling skimps and tearing off paper to make it not seem as skimp.. hell nah you cant smoke wit me 
 im just a girl that loves smoking weed  find me with the trees 
 @foodpornaz @azfoothillsfood thanks for asking. its our housemade burrata and smoked apples starter. come in and give it a try
 if you are to busy to smoke a cigar  you are to busy. 
 yall can keep all the alcohol to yourself.. ima just keep smoking this here fine marijuana
 i love that tommy i smoke it by the hill figure
 @drip8 get that weed and feed down before this rain  itll keep the weeds from ever coming up
 someone come chill while i work. plenty of food  music  amp smoke. itd be cool if you have something to work on too but if not das coo
 helpnew to twitter and cant figure out how to weed out all the garbage twitters that i never encouraged or even followed
 anybody tryna come ova and smoke some trees w ya girl 
 @stapleton20016 @nbcblindspot i like the smoke it remind me of damien.
 i need some more friends that smoke
 somebody smoke and get food with me
 somebody lets chill smoke out 
 denali rolled around in some toxic fertilizer that i sprayed to kill weeds and now idk what to do
 ...miss my cousin. im bout to smoke. @briaaalexiss
 somebody day drink and smoke w me before i lose my mindddddd
 @casperone for a banal example smoke weed in college. everyone does it right no biggie.  criminals.
 woke up wanting to smoke a doobie while cooking some bacon u feel me.
 will smoke w whoever takes me on an adventure
 come smoke in the car and jayden still find me 
 a lot of guys find girls who smoke weed unattractive but like girls who black out amp act like hoes when theyre drunk attractive.... how 
 lol its funny how my boys keep trying to get me to smoke weed again hah and im hella tempted tho but i have a future to look forward too 
 dont nobody got money but everybody wanna smoke huh can somebody explain how that work
 eats edible  smokes two bowls. friend how you feeling me 
 i done smoke weed where they say i cant  got rich when they said i cant
 10hrs locked in tonight come thru n vibe bring some weed and woods... my sessions be lit lol
 i like this sb  everybody smokes when they come in and out.
 girl boo  all you fake girl smokers couldnt keep up with me bet that
 silly millennials. its a place you keep your weed. duh. 
 i need to smoke lol   somebody smoke me out
 @flaglersheriff what is causing the smoke by f and c section
 i personally find it very unattractive when people smoke everyday  all day as something to do .. like dont that shit get boring
 katy comes home w 40 and says  pad thai or weed  decisions .
 the weed man needs to hurry up and come thru
 if i get stuck in the crib w no weed imma be hella upset
 my cousin got his girl a pint of weed for valentines 
 drink hella water smoke alotta weed
 shutup cause if i say yall gone smoke somebody out yall will 
 anything after weed is the best 
 @mxmxcitx you making it seem like weed is horrible 
 when you thought you ran out of weed but you find more  
 who trying to chill and smoke or something
 i need friends that will smoke w me then come to an art museum
 come to weed city
 somebody buy weed
 the chain smokers look like every douchbag who i ran from after they bought me a drink at the bar lmao
 that chain smokers song is exactly the same song as that fetty wap song
 come on everyone get your drinks  snacks and smokes 
 seven minutes come on everyone get your drinks  snacks and smokes @undeadwalkingfs @sharoney67 @cuzziwanna 
 you in the service so you cant smoke when you get upset 
 11. the males of the family have this curse of being smokers.  unfortunately  this includes me 
 someone smoke with me im mad bored
 i need friends that love smoking weed
 i smoke more than i drink but i can hang still lmao
 yall smoke tobacco cant relate.
 i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive lmao
 my garage is the weed chamber tonight
 ok but if they do another smokey robinson tribute they needa get nathan on that
 everybody deserves a smoke break
 somebody should come over and smoke with me or at least drop off some tree..
 all i be wanting to do is smokeeeee  i be trianna stop but its hard asf 
 im tryna come smoke with somebody. ill scoop
 if you dont think smoke break is  the best song in coloring book  than youre whack
 how is it that when i would come home after a party my mom knew if i hit da weed even 1x now she give it to me every time im in the town
 wow weed is mad commercial lol
 my cousins dog ate her weed 
 but i enjoy having my best friend as my roommate  we lowkey are in sync with a lot of shit amp we both smoke so everythings always a1 
 everytime someone say lil boat i keep thinking somebody askin did they ever smoke the water...yea i use to smoke a lil boat
 its  like  the current year. it shouldnt be so impossible to find weed
 lets drink some scotch amp smoke a cigar. 
 i get mad when people smoke around babies
 tryna smoke rn but no bud 
 how. have you heard problem juke jam summer friends smoke break finish line that album is not a gospel album 
 if you dont weed out the wrong people from your life  youll never meet the right ones. find people that feed you and not just need you 
 if you dont like girls that .. smoke a lil  smoke a lot  smoke bc its life .. guess what im not the girl for you  bc i love da gas 
 everybody i know smoke weed.
 cause bros wanna get cuffed up so imma need to find new people to smoke w 
 my friends are my friends and they love me even when i smoke gross cigarettes occasionally 
 my friends are my friends and they love me even when i smoke gross cigarettes occasionally  
 so hard to find someone who doesnt smoke
 this catpiss weed got me feeling disoriented bombweed clubdank
 this will always be my alltime jam best smoke session song ever 
 all i smoke is @swishersweets  wavy 22117 
 @ozzzzzzzyyyyy @giojmendoza yall both some dick smokers  nigha made a song about his city and yall like some shit about boys yall gay
 snow  best time to smoke
 idk how people  can drink and smoke almost every weekend doesnt that shit get boring.
 ppl these day be like omg must escape reality through drugs like bruh  you smoked weed. chill. wannabeaddict itsnotcool
 cant forget weed lol 
 ending my night with good friends amp good weed goodnight yall 
 just chilling out for the night about the watch sicario and smoke some bowls and chill drink vanilla coke pretty good
 pornhub  xbox  amp marijuana is all a single male needs.
 it sucks when you got weed w no cigar .
  ur so chill and marijuana 
 up w no weed. 
 i cant believe i hated weed for so long
 if you cant roll weed i cant smoke with you.
 i smoke to survive
 cops cant arrest you if you smoke all the weed  
 kayla keeps asking why it smells like weed... the fuck like i know
 if my blunt is rolled then im ready to smoke id never leave that bitch
 twin peaks just were its at to smoke tbh  
 i only smoke for occasions its not a regular bases type shit .
 its crazy how kids at 18 can go die for their country  kids at 18 can be pornstars but still cant smoke a cigarette or drink until 21
 somebody come over amp smoke
 yosemite w 6 friends  36 beers and some weed.. is all you need to really enjoy life lol 
 going to yosemite w 6 friends  36 beers and some weed is all you need to actually enjoy the meaning of life.. lol 
 i cant smoke and i cant take any medicine 
 kim must have smoked a whole pack during this launch 
 drunk somebody give me some weed
 @lordtrachet like already weeded out high school people  irvine friends need to be cut immediately 
 wish i could play somebody in 2k rn amp smoke a wood 
 my best friend likes to gamble i love to smoke weed ...... how do u resolve this problem... 
 i need to smoke rn.
 ill sell yall 15 grams. im not stingy. lol weed should be cheap if im getting a good deal
 when you let your 3yr old niece take a picture  mcm  lololol @ weed man of myrtle beach 
 salty i dont have any weed
 ppl tht smoke jus to show everybody they smoking .. ltltltlt 
 all these people that smoke weed in my house and i cant find a lighter smh
 sucks i dont have my neighbors or ppl who live extremely close to me that i could hit up at odd hrs just to come over smoke. lol
 i definitely want a group of female friends i can kick it with. like we can smoke and drink  all that good stuff.
 they stand in the way of love. and we will smoke them all.
 when you cant smoke this week 
 i need a safe haven to smoke rn 
 smoking boof rn i smoke 
 yall must be smoking some of the greatest weed. im convinced.
 live and love  crash and burn  smoke a spliff
 now that car and smokey they were the the best 
 i only have the inclination to smoke when i see september. so i think i could 
 need a friend to smoke amp go to this game with 
 ion smoke to get high i smoke to survive
 who in desotocedar hillduncanvilleirvingeast dallassouth gp that can get me green rn  not for me btw yall know i cant smoke lol
 i consume a lot of marijuana but cant nobody fw that
 chiquita int v. bolero reefer  prof pitts foster  what side do you want  foster ill be reefer pitts of course you want reefer
 on the real all the weed i smoke and yall send them dicks to my house about some funky ass pineapples  thats fucked up 
 mane  let these kids smoke they weed..
 without hard work  nothing grows but weeds.
 when you got  sore throat and cough and cant smoke blunts 
 your lame for smoking weed now
 hit up the weed man for delivery neighbors must think that he live
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a midnight toker  sure dont want to hurt no oneee
 you cant smoke no black and mild w me get in the car w me
 even when the blocks hot  i keep it chill like the reefer leaves  california love  cuz i burn 
 omg girl come thru we will smoke blunts n our comfy clothes n bump to hard n eat to much  its a different life im 
 id rather drink w you  smoke w you  
 really trying not to smoke buttttt 
 like would you hold my glock for me.. would you hit the block with me roll up and smoke these drugs wit me
 driving the thru the city with one knee rolling up weed... got a lot of shit on my mind so im rolling up 3
 @kamrynalyse64 smoke ridge man is something serious.
 i bet finding crack would be easier to find than weed rn 
 yo somebody should pick me up from school.. ill smoke you down
 best show from showtime besides weeds 
 i drink heavily and smoke weed to deal wit my problems i know i shouldnt but idgaf anymore tbh
 @justintrudeau im going to marry my best friend @jasminetr227 so i can move to canada. but  you gotta make weed legal first
 i love that my parents know i smoke amp are ok with it bc i can spark at my crib then climb in my bed amp schleep
 i keep getting excited because there are brownies on my counter. then i remember they are weed brownies and get really sad.
 @mrsbrowngravy idk  drink amp smoke binge netflix  thats what im doing since unemployed. firsttimeforeverything
 cause you never up and leave while im putting him to sleep to go smoke with my people without asking or telling me right oh ok
 somebody come get me amp lts smoke.
 somebody come get me amp lets smoke
 can never understand why they picking up all this weed and cant just invest in a piece or roll  
 i really cant stand the smell of smoke especially if you smell like it
 on average i smoke 20 dutches a day .
 tryna smoke 100 blunts with @smokepurpp
 it really bothers me when people call females trashy just because they smoke weed.
 you cant smoke w us
  cant smoke wit me 
 when it comes to weed i live in like the worst area ever . i can never find anyone 
 when friend 1 is about to leave so you flash friend 2 your weed cause friend 1 never puts in
 cant.... i use em for my weed 
 lol real rap....you gone have food and weed. 
 spent my whole lunch period trying to find weed  didnt find any.
 @xmichellegiroux stay off the weed michelle
 not a joker  not a toker  not a midnight smoker 
 if you only like rihanna because she smokes weed amp drinks just like everyone else  youre annoying.
 i want a cool ass chill ass female friend that i can smoke with and hang out with when i dont want to be home.
 im too hot. thats where all the smoke is from. duh 
 fuck weed.. legalize my people.
 bae got mad because i told her im chilling with my side chick tomorrow since i cant see her. lol she forgot that our side chick is weed 
 i wish weed rolled itself.
 what i drink through.                                what i smoke through
 somebody take me to the weed man so i can buy some weed   get both of us high   then convince you to stop so we can get food amp
 right now after work come eat drink a little something smoke a little hookah amp kool out.. 
 right now after work come eat drink a little something smoke a little hookah amp kool out.. 
 right now after work come eat drink a little something smoke a little hookah amp kool out.. 
 once ya parents find out you smoke   they blame everythingg on weed 
 stephen miller looks like he would judge the shit out of jokers  smokers  and midnight tokers.
 smoking weed in public  getting sideways looks from squares  its monday.
 so pissed off honestly but whatever ill smoke a blunt and get over it
 pick up da l  smoke the l   put down the l  picked up the phone ahhhh ahh fk  phone is upside down feww. nevermind im ok tchenreaction
 its funny i face all my blunts now ion never smoke w anyone
 im so fucking depressed  i have a huge headache amp best part i cant even smoke my bud
 should i smoke my joint on live lol
 would anyone smoke up mr smoke up
 weedman so funny . me and kadeem smoke to much and we drunk asf so we treating his ass  i should of recorded 
 @thekidmero mero whatre your thoughts on weed tolerance breaks
 watch weeds everybody
 you never see smoke without fire....  it is what it is ...
 i really want weed for valentines day bc im too scared to buy from this kid lmfao get it for me
 just want somebody i can smoke with and grope on.
 chicks cannot hold their smoke  thats what it is
 to get weed or to keep my money
 me and my cousin really just smoked a blunt while we were arguing and now were not talking 
 i smoke so much i sometimes hold my stoge like a joint lol
 i dont even want a boyf just a friend i can chill   smoke amp do stuff with . keep intouch   i hold you down you hold me up type shit 
 i need some weed tbh.
 im mad asf that my weed fell in the toilet
 i just wanna sit in my house away from everyone and smoke til i cant no more
 i smoke a lot weed to keep them bitches off my mind
 i cant be a weed head...
 if i text you wyd or wya 910 im tryna smoke one with you..
 somebody take me to get some food lol ill smoke wit you or get you some food 
 my bitch really the boolest she feed me smoke me out fuck me good what else could i ask for
 somebody smoke with me 
 come smoke
 i second that emotion in my smokey robinson singing voice 
 @sheslulu come to texas and smoke wit me
 girlfx collective launch party  in the weeds residency acehotelpittsburgh happens tonite from 9 
 i cant start this second season of nisekoi  someone smoke or something w me 
 can anybody in ventura help me find weed sos
 cant believe that was the last basketball game... glad we got a schaly smokes cigs and go shelby chant in there 
 i need to smoke like fuck am i waiting for  hate being on somebody else time
 yall wouldnt believe me if i told you ive been 8 months weed free
 i need someone to smoke w me after work taking apps now
 i probably not even going to do anything tmr   i just want to be laid up order dominoes and smoke a fucking blunt tbvh
 keep in mind  he smokes everyday. 
 bring me s swisher youll get smoked out
 i smoke in her face and i cant even hide it @kenshintravis 
 honestly im just trynna smoke my life away tomorrow and not give a shit about anything lol
 all of these girls are talking about valentines and im over here like roll my weed up keep my d up
 keep watching amp cracking up. @jxmmi is singing  dancing  filming himself  amp smoking weed at the same time. thats getting shit done in 2017
 who will give me one 1 cigarette  a weed  and then just kill me tbh
 yall know any fit niggas that smoke weed asking for a friend.
 @breaking911 getting into the weeds to find news...
 if i didnt smoke id really be blanking on niggas  but im too chill for that
 only 1 of my friends smokes blunts like that
 i cant seem to find the xans so i smoke another blunt
 @ooohmy im in seattle rn if i come back tonight we should smoke
 i need more friends in austin so i have more people to smoke with
 come and smoke 1 
 why do i always find weed in my bed
 my mom said i better not ever go to jail because you cant smoke weed there 
 love people who would rather go on an adventure than sit in a car and smoke all night
 if people refuse to smoke your weed youre doing something wrong
 to the man who smokes his own brisket and can survive getting lost in the woods while 
 someone chill and smoke
 making lean  bc e cant find weed  hmu if u want some i still have hella codeine lol lol lol hahahaha
 @samanda133 fr he always asking me to smoke him out lol
 i smoke on the mic like smokin joe frazier. the hellraiser  raisin hell with the flavaaaaah
 i needa smoke a blunt w cj.. thats all i need rn
 a cool part about having friends who smoke is when they go smoke i can take a second for myself
 want more friends to smoke with
 also my coworker smoked me out and now im high at work. im scared
 i smoke to survive  
 @giojmendoza you aint finna do nothin dawg just chill tha fuck out cuh it aint that serious you a smoker tho
 if you ever smoke me out best believe we smoking again and im returning the favor 
 @kausmickey @joenbc this is a play on lyrics to the joker song by steve miller band  joker  smoker  midnight toker...
 ras you cant smoke there. if you continue to stand there  ill have to write you up. residents but its raining. 
 popeyes weed and family guy
 white smoke is my valentine so i guess it goes without saying but my life is in a weird place right now
 i swear we fell in love over a blunt. we broke our egos down  rolled em up and smoked them
 sos. some one smoke w me
 wish somebody would smoke me out rn 
 when you the only one out of yo friends who dont smoke weed and drink liquor 
 even weed comes in a hundred different gummy flavors 
 i think moms smoked my blunt i cant find it 
 what is the best feature shared by the wind section of an orchestra amp blowing smoke rings with your cigarette a silent rest.
 needa smoke
 @buttflosss i mean if it has weed in it  yes. smoke tf out of it. they burn slow if you know how to roll em.
 all the songs ive been releasing reference smoking weed and i ont even smoke anymore. i might take a hit once in a month songs old thas y
 whos down to smoke rn
 let me smoke this blunt i keep missing my 8 ball shots let me get high real quicc lol
 but a friend with weed is better  
 best thing to do during any kind of sticky situation is smoke about it. get your mind off that shit.
 i member yall used  to be like my mom now you smoke in cant leave  that was never  me
 all i have is some knockout weed so i cant even smoke before work or ill be a blob i need some fucking sativa 
 waiting 13 min for office max to open. all the employees are getting their smoke on out front. a really welcoming environment.
 gotta watch who smoke with hang around kus everybody whos around dont wanna see you shine rather take you out on some bitch shit
 who got weed in stamford this town dry as shit
 chill bro weed heads got more to offer lol 
 im too busy to be smoking some weed man
 i smoke everybody up on the humble 
 ill smoke someone up if they come stab me rn
 @himdownstrz yea i got out there everytime wiz comes ..... venue cool to me amp shit when snoop amp wiz come va police let us smoke freely 
 i need a girl to smoke with me rn
 getting addicted to posting up at the smoke n snack 2 
 my brother calls me everyday asking me to come pick him up from school so he can smoke and go to mcdonalds like no stay yo ass in school.
 ok lets keep fighting smoke great idea 
 i still cant believe how awesome and sweet my boyfriend is. he made his first drug deal just so he could give me weed for valentines day 
 damn  i really cant smoke 
 niggas be geek to spark these bitches up im finna smoke moe own shit fytb 
 yall forgot sistrunk since yall seem to only wanna sell weed in the hood. 
 best thing for me to do on this sad ass valentines day is  smoke 20 blunts 
 if hell is real   l may end up there..  or this sleep paralysis shit just telling me to go smoke more weed..  idk but ion like it 
 come smoke me out fam 
 holy smokes  thats a good deal on that tv. never seen it go that low.... decisions
 somebody pull up and smoke at my crib
 @jwgregorymurray a friend of mine lives on heath and 30 mins ago said smoke headed her way. but it does not smell so great in my place
 if ya girl do smoke woods tho just make sure she brush 3 times a day n drink a lot of water
 hate when my friends dont answer.. im just tryna smoke n talk w ya 
 someone come over amp well smoke amp drink at really nice view in la 
 damn why does everyone think i smoke 
 yall live for bitches amp blunts we live for weed amp money
 if he smokes cigarettes we definitely cant date 
 if i could stay home and do anything id smoke like 5 blunts  watch the notebook and cry like a bitch bc its better than getting played
 when u go to ocho rios jamaica buy weed brownies from damien. ganja 420 fuckthepolice ochoriosjamaica 
 is it thursday yet...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a 
 honestly like if i even had a valentine  just smoke me out and spend time w me and im overly content
 ah more smoke and mirrors ala trump. trumpkins will believe anything. id be ashamed to have him for a parent. alr 
 well kick it back smoke blunts and chill yeah chi sig definitely has the best chant
 idk who yall cop from but i always smoke gas always
 lol come on help me then we can smoke one 
 my roommate doesnt really smoke or anything but he ate an edible last night and hes slept through two classes and counting so far
 these weed gummies gon hold ya girl down tho i believe it.
 why do dealers think they deserve almighty respect from people like homie u just sell weed chill ur not a big deal
 i need some new friends bra. who smoke and dont fw uzi we could be friends
 this is 2017 and we still cant smoke weed on college campus what is this
 im tryna smoke rn
 got our tickets for samhuntmusic in chicago 15ina30 @ joes on weed st. 
 does @shepnewsteam smoke his wheezing into the mic is quite distracting. @foxnews
 do you guys know where i can get medical marijuana in pa im asking for a friend. my 60something yro honors sociology professor
 ya people steal weed out your grinder lol you need new friends
 @eguzman35 im beyond pissed rn ima fuck around and smoke a blunt
 somebody come over n smoke w me.
 when @sheslulu favs your tweet lmao hella fan girling rn i love you bitch  come smoke some w me when youre in oregon 
 somebody smoke with me
 smoking weed with you is the best
 i needa smoke 
 @smokepurpp smokepurpp up next this shit  you blessed us lil water  
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive
 everyone smokes weed
 everybody around me about to smoke 
 just thinking bout how outta pocket ya be on twitter but when some1 pull up irl 2 come smoke you its just the internet lol shutup pussy
 and everyone name was a strand of weed lol
 barca got rolled up  and smoked 
 want a girl to cuddle  smoke blunts  read  and watch movies with. why is she so hard to find
 i always smoke w people that never smoke w me... 
 do he smoke weed or something
 think ill just sit around and drink beer and smoke cigarettes tonight
 @werk i know youre busy revolutionizing the workplace and all  but why dont you hire me to help out while youre growing like a weed 
 im just trying to smoke a blunt w the love of my life and chill
 my roommates dad loved me so much he left me weed and invited me to his farm house party in september lol
 wow  barcelona got smoked by  psg  well you cant have everything right welcomeclaude
 im just sitting here pissed bc the reason you dont hangout with me is bc i cant pay for you or front the smoke sesh
 valentines day smoke out come thru
 i would give anything for a beer and to smoke some hookah rn 
 i dont smoke or drink.  but  i need this to survive. 
 a lil something for this tuna tartar to wear tomorrow. smoked   lime  raspberries and some 
 i wasnt smoking beer  i was drinking it.. you cant smoke beer
 sugarhoneyfresh is the best lip shit to smoke in
 my plug owe me some weed  dead asf tf
 let me get some food and some weed so i can get outta these feelings lol
 i really just want some cute girl friends to smoke and take pictures with 
 bro now everybody from foshay smokes everyday 
 @gcamacho8 its slow af  come thru with some food and ill smoke you out on my lunch 
 i have yet to find a female who can out smoke me
 @randpaul please weed out any corruption that make come to light. investigate anyone and everything regardless of party. sincerely america
 bitches can smoke blunts but cant hold their breath under water
 idk why its so hard to find someone who just wants to cuddle and smoke and make out for a few months til the world melts
 how do you even smoke something like this 
 we live in a godless generation. dont lie you know its true. most kids would rather smoke and joint than sit in a pew. deepmeaning
 i needa smoke im so drunk 
 this is some bullshitttt you just cant keep up with the smoke 
 trying figure out what else ima do other than smoke after work 
 @louisemensch please remind me  comey cant discuss any aspects of a current investigation  correct so  he is waiting in the weeds
 just smoke weed and youll forget everything  
 i only smoke when i drink
 burberry amp weed
 i still got one more day here and i just ran out of nw weed ineedtogohome
 this bih really just walked up to me looking for bud  im from baltimore and i cant find any weed out here
 someone needa come in clutch and smoke me out
 ive been saying all day i keep smelling weed ... i forgot i had hell of it from yesterday 
 frl somebody smoke me out
 roses are red i aint got a bae if you dont have plans then come hang n smoke this fat j w ya boy for vday  fr hmu and come through
  your my dog and we gotta chill soon and smoke a couple cigs and im way better than u at 2k but ily man no homo bigniggaszn
 its a smoke and cruise type of night. i need song suggestions twitter
 so im at my cousins and she wont smoke this blunt cause she tapped out 
 that smoke dza  pete rock album one of the best projects of 2016. so slept on too
 me i got weed  sergio whomst
 so iaint find no weed im bored wid nobody to talk to 
 so i can join and serve in the military but i cant smoke or drink damn 
 somebody is smoking weed on this train
 @littlexchris @chancetherapper i dont wanna pay to smoke him
 i still cant believe trid got me weed 
 all i want tonight is weed and daddy. dass it
 read as weed is not the answer for everyoneeverything  and its ok to take pharmaceuticals if they keep you from feeling like bird shit.
 so my friend came up to me and hes like im getting a weed of ounce my 13 year old cousin telling me about a guy from his school.
 believe it when i see it  jeff sessions says he doesnt see feds getting involved in marijuana use 
 you dont want smoke w my gang
 come for the growing plume of smoke. stick around for the spicer quote. 
 got chocolates  weed  cuddles  and quality time w bae id say this is the best valentines yet 
 i need somebody that will him me up just to smoke then go away 
 dont smoke anything. 
 mylovelifein5words marijuana rolled up really well
 when your friends love you and bring you to smoke some blunts and drink  best valentines day after all. 
 sos someone help me find weed 
 @coryanschnyder you must smoke weed  your eyes low on your avi.
 needs a drink n smoke to set the mood 
 come over and smoke
 straight marijuana i aint smoking something else
 ur the cigarette n im tha smoker
 i hate being places i cant smoke lol
 man pizza hut called on some bullshit saying there lost find my damn house im tryna smoke and eat
 cant smoke.  
 shout to all the thotties tryna get smoked out tn yall lame
 all i do is smoke and not eat. i weigh like 125 lbs lol
 @kreayshawn will you smoke with me if i come 
 rather have my apartment smellin like weed than this nasty ass vegetable
 @krisslax yeah its a lot of pressure then ill smoke to get my mind off it then ion be wanting to do shit cause i be tired
 ... im about to smoke my emotions away.
 if you wanna invest  invest in some weed stock i promise you money will be made
 im too tired to even smoke this blunt i got rolled up 
 i fucking hate myself i never want to drink  smoke  or party ever again
 i cant find weed this early
 i want someone i can party w  smoke w  text all day  fuck  and hang out with constantly but ion want no feelings involved where i find that
  some one come over amp smoke w meeeee
 i dont smoke to get highhh  i smoke to survive 
 i just wish i had something to smoke...
 if youre sad rn. smoke some weed.
 i hope the rumors of you wanting to end your epic batman acting are false @benaffleck. smoke weed amp chill  ben. the patriots won
 netflix and smoking weed alone mylovelifein5words
 we are looking for just one lady to join us for threesomes  to chill with  to smoke  turn up  get drunk
 do not go for the smoke and mirrors. mr. ts outrageousness is creates the diversions he needs. resist 
 do yall really be getting each other weed as a gift lmao id rather have the feria
 about to smoke a chill lol
 cant find an oyster knife anywhere come to smokeampbones woodshed  rincon ga  
 i cant fuck with a girl who smokes because theyll be like my ex
 you have a whole parking lot to smoke  yet you cant move away from everyone else have some decency.
 hit up the weed man for delivery neighbors must think that he live w me
 i got all my problems but i dont go no weed
 anyone else smoke a joint before going on a run
 why niggas cant just chill and smoke it always gotta be something extra 
 who wants to smoke wit ya girl
 shit sucks when your a loner  anyway bout to smoke n find a date for breakfast in a lil 
 my friend wants to smoke hookah and drink patron rn 
 why am i up before everyone else oh well  time to smoke and drink 
 cant stand working w someone in the truck who smokes 3 packs a day
 i need somebody to smoke with best friend far as hell 
 goosebumps is the best song to smoke too
 when you lift you truck 6 inches  put 33 inch tires on it  add smoke stacks  and a light bar and your dick doesnt 
 home alone   someone come over and smoke w me  
 drink lots of water. especially if youre a smoker.
 i needa smoke 
 find weed out there lol 
 music n weed will get you through just about anything
 if you got a smoke show that is loyal... what else could you ask for 
 trying smoke an wood w my mans malik @maliksaxton
 i mean shit she cant smoke ma weed nomo kause she gon be on papers so aye im winnin
 she only smokes when she drinks she only drinks now and then  now and then when shes tired of being let down by men 
 top 5 places in baltimore to smoke pills at you wont believe 3  
  people will believe what they want to believe. truth is to hard to deal with for most. example smokers amp drinkers
 donut places that sell smokes too are cool
 when we gon chill lets burn you home  lets go eat and smoke why you playing your mans locked up  he wont know...... oh hell nawwww
 charities are being hurt  amp the feds are setting up cannabis businesses for crime by banks being afraid to take their cash.
 yall ever smoked a backwood in the shower
 does anyone else in the industrial hemp business have problems advertising
 i only smoke blunts when they rolled propaa
 can i pay an @uber driver to take me to get weed  smoke with me and be my friend cause thats the point im at rn.
 i cant own any fuzzy blanketsclothes without getting weed crumbs stuck in them 
 i smoke mad dick then 
  weed make everything a pop quiz especially your social security number lmao
 an officer jumped a fence and landed on a homemade trap meant to keep thieves out of a marijuana grow.  12news 
 somebody lets smokeee
 yes imma sell weed thru twitter. you gotta problem fight me
 smoke a lot of weed to keep them bitches off my mind
 arizona would rather smoke catapult weed than something safe and regulated.
 u r a lil nasty if u smoke cigs in your car w all the windows still up
 send me ur flag i shall hang it proudly from weed community n all help n caregivers same parents  freedom fighters n lovers same help effort
 whats a trip without weed a boring trip.
 cant turn down free weed or food
 and so i get to use hemp carbon sequestration to beat mass incarceration.... 
 lemme go smoke again before i get all in my feelings
 i miss my best friend yall. phone conversations aint enough. im tryna slap her ass  smoke a blunt  listen 2 music amp be niggas 
 all i do is chain smoke cigarettes and write songs about an impossible love  my depression  and the great stuff about my friends.
 smellin like a damn ass smoked meat 
 currently need someone to smoke weed wit rn 
 host a pot party give happy parties a call to try the latest cannabis products before you buy them find them at b 
 friends with weed are friends indeed
 my borther loves to serve me on his time like a bitch dont needa smoke 
 so im working and yiken came on.....you best know i shook my ass while i sprayed those weeds
 my sister know i needa smoke n i feel like she takin her sweet time
 drive thru smoke shops are so clutch
 i got my tacos  my special guadalajara  and my chik fil a lemonade  somebody come smoke w me
 girls who dont smoke  drink  party every weekend  sleep around  or start drama for attention. they are the true ladies
 why cant  twitter weed out fake twitter accounts cant they verify real users from parody accounts come on twitter. they are useless
 got something for you to smoke for mensday wednesday 
 i have performances all weekend and i need to not inhale smoke of any kind but damn i need something rn lol
 im hella picky when it comes to my weedi cant just be out here smokin anything 
 this aint no friday feeling like worm pullup and smoke me a nigga
 who wants to smoke a blunt in delaware
 im a joker  im a smoker im a midnight toker
 i miss having a guy best friend who i could just smoke n chill with
 somebody come smoke with me when i get off work in 2hours
 everybody just need to stfu and smoke a blunt
 one last smoke  one chat  anything
 i cant wait for staying out all night  going to tempe town lake and smoking weed on the train tracks. shits litty
 all of my friends are my friends cos weed brought us together 
 my weed man got locked yo im sad as fuck  he was the best
 its not physically addictive lol if somebody is addicted to weed thats just all in their head 
 wish i had more friends so i dont have to smoke blunts alone 
 i need a girl best friend who is psycho  smokes weed  amp is slightly alcoholic like me 
 @wale but i ont drink or smoke. gtta get my figure lmao
 i just needa smoke dawg  so ready to get off .
 cause i smoke with one of them duh
 this is how you live when smoke is life. w420. only the gifted smoke lyfted. its a shame  
 a friend with weed  is a friend indeed
 nobody smokes in dental school so i cant just grab lighters that people leave lying around at parties  i have to buy lighters. ugh.
 i hate jokers and weed smokers too 
 you cant weigh our love but you can weigh your weed lmao i love it 
 i miss just having weed with me all the time in my night stand  now i have too find ppl too help me. it aint that easy around here
 i just want more male friends thats getting money that i can chill   smoke and progress in life with 
 kinda funny how she not even wanting to smoke
 dessert for dinner yes please @ smoke daddy  @thesmokedaddy in chicago  il  
 needa smoke
 that weed be so potent i cant face a whole wood
 cant date a girl that smokes cigarettes 
 lmao my friends solution to my depression is you need to smoke some weed amp relax china
 like smoke salmon @ chambers bay 
 what would make somebody say dont smoke the stem if it catches fire like everything else and got thc on it why shouldnt i smoke it
 im having a grotesquely shit night so im gonna drink this whole bottle of wine and smoke this huge bowl to my dome
 i will defend those i love until i am blue in the face and smoke comes out of my ears. good or bad quality idk really.
 still fangirling over smokepurpp retweeting my tweet 
 i need a friend to come drink wine  smoke a blunt  and paint with me all night tonight
 @kidviperfgc i had a hard time finding someone to host just for a night and then he said i smoked in the room when i dont smoke at all.
 soooooo im trying to drink like i cant smoke soooo
 especially if he a smoker  i keep ice breakers them hoes  
 i hate smokers  youre ruining my life  i cant even sit in my own fucking apartment without having a asthma attack
 when you see your friends snapchat...and she smoking weed with her brother 
 if a girl ever smoked my weed and dipped without even spending like an hour... that would be the saddest high ever bruh i might shed one
 so ppl @ work are allowed to take smoke breaks and im allowed to sit my ass down and tweet this  but i cant do my fucking homework
 dude no im working i cant talk rn wait what do you mean you smoked all my weed...  criminalminds 
 anyone want to come smoke with me
 i be wanting to smoke and drink w my brother but he too young
 my parents are fucking crazy they just said you trynna smoke before we go into ross what yall need to chill
 im in my feelings and i have no weed 
 in tha section w smokers
 everyone sell weed it should never be hard to get some tree round here 
 i dont smoke  somebody explain this 
 yall live for bitches and blunts we live for weed and money 
 @kingzay44 you not stop smoking everybody smoke at school from the lames to the bitches with brains just everybody my nigga.its stressful
 guess im listening to g herbo and smokepurpp and xxx and fifa all night
 @djauditory i smoked more with my man than ever. honestly 
 i thought jax was about to say i was a joker  smoker  midnight toker. pumprules
 somebody tryna smoke
 julie went to court for some dumb weed charge in jersey and ended up getting arrested again bc the cops found a taser in her bag @bestluck
 julie went to court for some dumb weed charge in jersey and ended up getting arrested again bc the cops found a taser in her bag @bestluck
 is it bad to smoke bud with a concussion asking for a friend
 smoking has been such a challenge lately bc i have to smoke out side.... its like 45 degrees out
 marina be the place to chill and smoke
 cousin having a smoke out saturday 
 my girl dont smoke  drink  her grades are good she too fine and she really all bout me. what else could i ask for. 
 i got the rolly on my arm amp im pouring chandon amp i roll the best weed cause i got it going on
  its free smoke for whoever w the shits
 @tayyyvd cant even smoke a cigarette without the piece of shit bleating
 told esme i cant drink cause im taking my lil medecina and shes like but you can smokehow.. lmao no pues esa nia
 @axthxny especially for somebody that dont even smoke 
 chill out and smoke to this playlist    
 can someone who is smart   respectful   godfearing   goes to church faithfully   have a car and dont smoke. please hit my dm for a friend.
 everyone in carrollton swear they got the best weed
 the best part of being in a relationship is all of the shared weed and food.
 i never smoke weed in your mama house unless she spark that shit .
 i literally cant stand the smell of weed... it grosses me out so much
 my daddy be giving me mid bra i be feeling like shit after i smoke
 i jst dont think he was bc they cant gt the lie str8 first he ws thn he wsnt amp i feel its smokemirrors 2 keep p 
 dat lil pump amp smokepurpp movin joint is 
 im lowkey tryna smoke rn
 how do people just sit around and smoke blunts all day   ..........askin for a friend.
 drink one  smoke one... stream the overtimeep  thisiswhatnewyorksoundslike overtime ep 
 drink one  smoke one... stream the overtimeep  thisiswhatnewyorksoundslike overtime ep 
 want some smoke come and get sum
 its the weed i usually come in the crib high an go right to sleep
 even if me and her mad at each other i can never smoke without her
 @usambbangladesh you are at my hometown  shreemangal and i am stuck in here. cant even go to my friends weeding 
 when ur parents r very against pot n u smoke outside n get scared n run inside n ur siblings come out saying the whole house smells like pot
 i wish someone would pull up smoke an  l wit tha kid.
 pop up at my house with some weed and food and ill be the happiest girl ever  simple shit
 honestly  i really do think that marijuana is the best antidepressant for a multitude of people.
 somebody pull up and smoke
 val and i need to decide whats best for our son. can we just move to a state where i can give this child cannabis oil.
 why do you drink why do you roll smoke why must you live out the songs that wrote
 whenever the donald tweets  hes gaslighting  deflecting  diverting  smoke screening. youd be best served looking 
 @newjackjada busy today lets do something smoke one or four xoxo
 my lil cousin had some bullshitting ass weed lastnight 
 @nbcnews trump blames anyone he cant take responsibility or even apologize for anything. all smoke and mirrors.
 im envious of my friends who go on beer amp wine tours. my fucking allergies... i need to find a weed tour  do they have those legally
 when adventures in tampa go wrong  we dont smoke that old spice . @ tampa  florida 
 cant smoke or drink for 72 hours i think this is going to be the most sober i ever been 
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 well first of all theres no such thing as a disloyal faithful man  so its impossible to weed those out 
 i want smoke tbh
 im addicted to the marijuanas.
 i got the best plug in vegas  these other kats be lying about their weed
 i smoke so much i cant get sick like fr
 free the black men thats locked up for marijuana 
 hold up i need a smoke break before i do anything
 im so pissed i cant smoke anymore bc i need the fattest blunt ever rn
 @thefader @ladyrodes this is like an loungesurfpop song written by the cigarette smoke of an alien.   i love it.
 this is why everyone amp especially black people to getinvolved in cannabis  
 @x45 got a blunt rolled up baby smoke wit meeee
 should i collab n get edibles made  lmaoo im not even into weed but my boy ahustin brought the idea up to me
 if you cant afford that  you shouldnt be buying weed in the first place tbh
 yall wildin im just coolin here w my weed
 she only smokes when she drinks  she only drinks now and then
 but somebody come smoke this l with me though
 crank up the smoker  
 id really like to smoke and sit in deep thought with my friends.
 i laughed and he goes ya like smokin weed hang with me you cant make this shit up like how 
 i laughed and he goes ya like smokin weed hang with me you cant make this shit up like how 
 will smoke you out if you jump this car off
 anyone who comes jump this car off will gladly get smoked out
 @jawadbanihani @sethrogen cmon dawg its fucking seth rogen ofc i wish. maybe out smoke me idk  but if he rolled a cross j would be dope.
 yall ever been weed wasted
 @kimoggforda you always welcome to come thru and smoke one hml
 somebody come smoke with me
 tbh just trying to smoke a blunt rn
 im on my grind  weed can wait  sex can wait but my money  cant
 i keep getting whiffs of weed and i think its me....
 i dont smoke...but could easily cram a pack into my lungs rn.
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 and i smoke alotta weed to keep them bitches off my mind
 when are people gunna stop asking me to spark with them when i dont smoke smh
 they need to have a weed smoking sections at ppls jobs  the world would be a better place .. 
 if you cant roll your own weed... why you smoking
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 last night i rolled a j w my hands for the first time and smoked it  then i rolled another one and smoked that one too and got really high
 weed smokers will always recognize amp find other weed smokers in a setting because weed smokers r always wondering if you smoke when we meet
 pls dont chain smoke then come to class you fcking stink.
 party drink smoke doctorp  @ district n9ne 
 somebody smoke wit me when i get off
 lol smh everybody selling weed now. 
 @mizfarah94 i see no prob w that but i know people who barley know me asking me to smoke them out n shit lol
 im mad good at breaking weed up w my fingers
 why cant i just ask a guy to hang out without him thinking theres more to it im just tryna smoke homie
 i only smoke blunts if its rolled propeeeeer
 i dont fucking hide it  weed is ma best friend 
 he doesnt lie  drink  smoke 
 mannn  stfu and just talk to ya ppl bout legalizing marijuana bruh... and leave my mexicans alone fam  they cool as 
 someone come get a beer with me or smoke a blunt or something. 
 so rocking with us today ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke 
 ever wonder about the cool names put on premium legally sold cannabis well  now you can trademark them in ca 
 black ice little trees are trash  thats the car freshener you get when theres nothing else. fyi  they dont help the smell of weed either
 this 90 year old lady always comes into my work bragging about her medical marijuana lol
 somebody get me da crack weed dass making everybody skinny
 in these states where marijuana is becoming legal  are the people who were locked up because of it being freed
 when did you smoke become the standard response to lets hang out.  
 where is my minddd shiiit i cant find it like looking for the remote control after smoking marijuana
 so if the draft memo isnt true about trying to mobilize the national guard then it was a leak planted to weed out the wh leaks.
 someone come to my crib when i get back n smoke with a brotha
 or somebody pull up and sell me some weed
 somebody tried to send weed thru the mail  ....it smell like a pound in the post office 
 somebody just wait outside of 1551 anacostia avenue and smoke the whole family 
 somebody that gets excited about weedgtgt  
 me smoking weed doesnt motivate you  brad.   brad tell that to my clean ass kitchen this morning.
 if you looking for some new music to listen to while hitting the weed check this song out 
 when you gotta persuade your best friend with weed and liquor to go to a party with you 
 im tryna smoke ah couple blunts rn 
 i hate when i smell like weed and somebody has to say something about it. like okayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy idc i smoke soooo
 idk why bt i look high. but im not. see im wht they call a gg. lol i dont smoke  drink  or party im a good kid 
 favorite thing todo is smoke n chill
 people dosay anything for some smoke .. man shit crazy
 food weed amp lachaee 
 niggas ran out of weed 
 all yall just need to smoke some kush honestly
 all yall just need to smoke some kush honestly
 lawn section you can still see amp if you smoke its fye 
 who wants to hang out and smoke my weed with me
 wish i had somebody to come smoke these blunts wit me 
 @intellectualsex weed i dont mind. but you better have a gar lol im not buying liquor tho.
 nobody wants to chill and smoke free bud lol ok
 eli and i are currently having a dance party come join  bring yo own weed
 i think some weed products can help  but some can really hold you back.
 anything i can do to pass a drug test in one day my shit is tomorrow and im nervous. funny cause i never smoke or anything usually
 if i dont find my weed i might lose it
 @lululemew @louisemensch @olganyc1211 @nytimes he quietly meets with a kremlin counterpart while the ranter holds court. smoke
 swing by booth 313 and check out the wild packaging options for the cannabis industry  packaging cannacon 
 all i ever say is come and feed me for once. give me free weed for once. you dont ever come to meeeeee. pnd voice
 yall live for bitches amp blunts we live for weed amp money.
 sometimes i wish i smoked bc hella niggas be offering it to me for the free lmaoo
 you claim we have no lives yet you throw away your life for trashy parties and weed.
 ok only thing i cant smoke before is the gym i see
 my cousin comes to my house amp surprises me w a bunch of weed
 wow how come i never heard of smokepurpp until rn im so late 
 i eat just so i can smoke a cigarette afterwards tbh
 @smokepurpp if you wasnt fucking with smokepurpp then this year you definitely will
 @barryisfunny ran out of weed damn it thanksjoel
 cant believe i cant smoke anymore
 who wants to come over to drink and smoke with me 
 when you randomly find weed that your bf stashes around the house and forgets about it 
 something i will never smoke ever again backwoods and dutchs only  
 every time i asked to hangout w my friends my mom thinks im drink or smoke or something
 the smoke of so thick ...there must be fires all around us 
 come smoke with me 
 as much as i love smoking weed all the time  ive come to the sad conclusion that over all im smarter and more focused when im not.
 so does everyone take a shit after they smoke a blunt 
 okay but  me when guy friends say lets smoke amp i expect to get smoked out bc they suggested it  he didnt sa 
 i need to smoke so bad rn.
 @djsmokey666 rt my tweet above new song just dropped w soudiere check it out rn i appreciate ya  dj smokey
 you never know how pissed a vegan will get if their food has chicken on it. lol especially a young vegan 22 who doesnt smoke weed.
 aside from moving in with really great friends  im super glad to finally have my own place i can smoke pot freely in xd
 need friends to chill amp smoke with 
 i fucking ran out of weed ugh
 when he find the weed you hid from yoself
 all i can is smoke a blunt youll feel better. 
 he already smoked seem like 
 if you got a dick or wish you had one no my girl cant smoke wit you.
 me smokes out of a bong  takes hits while i feel like i cant stand  keeps smoking through coughs also me how do i keep getting too high
 no friends   so i guess i smoke alone
 you can tell the reaper imma meet him when he send for me with a cleaver and a 30 and some twisted weed. i pick one and let the crimson leak
 somebody smoke with me 
 happy birthday  my little booger baby girl cant wait to keep watching you grow like a weed 
 i cantttt believe weed isnt my thing anymore. especially after having a horrible experience with dabs. thats so unlike me  whatever
 i need a smoke amp something to drink.
 too turnt rn come thru lets smoke n sip 
 really want to smoke something on the @traeger tomorrow but am home alone with the kid so not worth it 
 i always meet people through smoke sessions. asking you smoke weed can possible open doors to valuable friendships amp relationships.
 you gotta let people go bc a flower never blooms if it holds onto the weeds below.
 @talitalk oh  everything is better with a bag of weed its the only help youll ever need  familyguy
 ... @realdonaldtrump a good hemp oil might fix your orange tan problem... just a suggestion 
 i cant believe what weed does to certain people
 just be wanting somebody just kick shit with really  smoke a joint n just vibe really
 going to a party momtry not to drink  me well would you rather have me come come drunk or high momwell if its just weed... 
 being headass is fun. it annoys yall  and weeds it the fake friends.
 my niggas savage and wild   theyll smoke you like a black and mild.
 lol girl your man smokes cigarettes  im not missing anything
 does everyone in florida smoke
 in serious need of someone to smoke with rn
 trump blew all that smoke about unity at the inauguration but he constantly draws lines in the sand bt his supporters and everyone else
 about to smoke this weed and get myself locked in my demension lol i
 man marijuana is one powerful drug 
 wish my best friend smoked weed so she could roll my blunts for me 
 i only got rn is my family my bestfriend and weed 
 ill get so antisocial ill push all my friends away then wonder why i have nobody to smoke with lol
 smoking broccoli for real couldnt find my weed
 chill out and smoke 
 someone is definitely smoking weed right now and damn im envious as hell....
 tryna smoke oomf out and talk shit while doing so tbh
 @pdxbae it means come over and smoke a bowl
 why cant my smoking partnas be here   i need somebody to smoke with 
 everybody swears they have the best weed in the state of delaware lol
 if you not on money man then you cant smoke with me bc thats all im jamming 
 vibe with me to mos def and we can smoke on me whenever tbh just to hear your input
 i h8 when broke ppl b like must b nice to smokedrink whenever u want bitch it is.. tf lmao. how u mad bc i can afford my habits 
 i miss having friends to just chill out and smoke with. 
 @sarebear710 especially when you always have weed 
 you know you smoke a lot when you hit your dealer so much on snap he becomes your best friend 
 i aint trippin  never slip or slackin on my pimpin  drop the nerds you with come smoke a joint with he whos winnin
 try to live life right. im just tryna skate smoke and keep my head above water. this shit git ne fuckin sick.
 somebody is smoking some loud ass weed in kinard
 hmu if you tryna smoke or chill
 ill never smoke a cigarette  shit nasty asf
 aboutta smoke this girl out lmao
 @ideadn8 they seen that lil bit of weed and waited at the car for me to come out
 @ghosttwist cannabis is my friend alcohol is snot
 17. you drink or smoke
 @realdonaldtrump the media must be smoking fake weed.
 i think kiarah forgot to come smoke a cig wit me 
 who wants to hang out n some weed
 nobody to smoke w tonight 
 i need to smoke. like rn.
 prom night so lit everybody better get on my party bus  smoke  drink ampeat free
 prom night so lit everybody better get on my party bus  smoke  drink ampeat free
 cant smoke with @kdbates23 no more 
 funny never done a line of coke or xanx in my life ask every1 that know me all i do is smoke dope lil niga keep on 
 frfr weed lame  
 ugh why do i have to be in dry ass stamford someone smoke me up
 ok why tf is it hard to find some simple ass weed
 someone smoke w me rn 
 my friends are smoking weed with my mom rn and im just sitting here like alright
 i just want this so i can smoke my roaches tbh 
 come chill n smoke with me
 u need to find a new hobby if u always blowin smoke on ya story
 come thru and smoke if you want
 i keep forgetting my step sister is only 11 and its inappropriate to talk about smoking weed and one night stands 
 i cant explain how smelling like weed in colorado is totally accepted. it wild.
 i cant explain how smelling like weed in colorado is totally accepted. its wild.
 no respect for females who drink and smoke while theyre pregnant... damn...
 we had a fire in the condo where we live water and smoke damage they are saying 56 months before we can get back in so we are busy go trump
 this rain got me wanting a smoke.
 somebody smoke a mild with me
 somebodys smoking weed on here... i might throw up 
 my cousin comes in my room amp says  wanna smoke haha .
 i remember when i used to stay in and chill w loved ones now all i do is go out smoke and drink
 you cant smoke no black amp mild with me
 damn bruh somebody should smoke me out for the 99 and the 2000
 someone come chill w me ill smoke u down
 all this smoke feeling light headed asf 
 what kinda weed they got in utah fam 
 about to smoke these four joints i rolled up and sip later with the homies
 fuck the dea shutting down medical marijuana places. go after the bigger problems like meth. bullshit fuckthepolice
 i dont have any friends who r down to smoke w me tomorrow 
 i smoke where ever i spark it .. cdot
 either weed or 2k bc i dont play with either  wings are the  and cant go wrong with some  
 this song right here perfect song to listen to at anytime. you can smoke up to it  or get turnt to it  
 @johnsonjekob you got something to smoke out
 @johnsonjekob you got something to smoke out of
 who wants who smoke an chill 
 i wish i could smoke my problems away... drink my hurt away but i cant do im buried in it... swear this shit hurts so bad
 if you have to drink and smoke to have fun ur lame
 lets chill amp smoke
 its hard trying to stay sober when you got friends left amp right asking you to smoke amp drink   igotthis
 need to smoke w daniela again
 me trying to find a random person on twitter that lives around here that can help me find a weed connect 
 my friends came in my room high as hell but aint invite me to come smoke 
 yeah i rolled a wood bitch no you cant smoke my wood bitch
 i really wanna go outside to smoke a bogie n u magically pop up w a bag of doritos or just by yourself im cool w either i just miss you..
 cant smoke w. them nomore 
 @saradeas i thought you meant come smoke right this second lol. chill out barbie.
 i be feeling like some people wouldnt have anything to post about if they didnt smoke weed or get high. lmao
 needa smoke
 i wish yall would quit going to parties musty i cant deal with it on top of the smell of weed please thx
 im so mad i cant smoke outside rn
 somebody bring me a wood lets smoke
 somebody smoke a blunt w me
 get you friends that ask you to smoke at 630am. 
 its just weed lmaoo 
 that marijuana comes in handy.
 yu cant smoke no blak amp mild w me
 wish i had somebody to smoke w 
 me when i smashed my bong and realized it was my own fault and i cant do shit and i cant smoke and i have to inve 
 somebody help me get weed in la. all my people sleep and i cant get in the dispensaries smh
 in the smokies with no smoke. somebody come thru for your boy
 she says i only smoke when i drink  im like girl you drink everyday
 now that ion smoke i be needing some shit to clear my mind and keep me busy when i aint at work .
 cant smoke witchu cant drink lean witchu 
 i need a girl friend in sa to smoke blunts with but everyone fake af yo 
 ofcourseee smoke mad blunts down there and name it the gas chamber 
 lets adventure fr and smoke
 come scoop  i have weed i need food. n o w
 it really doesnt lol you must dont smoke out enough girls to come up with this theory  
 somebody come scoop and lets smoke outside on this nice day 
 let me simmer down and just smoke. lmao
 nothing like getting soaking wet while trying to smoke on break 
 Chandler Arizona
 lets smoke like 5 blunts rn
 fazeos riding high is the best song to smoke to
 yall really be addicted to weed  just act like yall cant live without smoking  shits irking
 rob a bank  smoke 40 grams amp go to paris 
 my ex just did a fb live gender reveal of him shooting a sniper rifle at a pile of blue smoke bombs
 so i learned from my friend that me and my other friend smoke too much weed.
 dont spark something with me and get mad when you get smoke
 what do you do when your lil sister washes your pants with your weed in it and it gets wet
 i need a friend to introduce me to weed ..
 last night i went out for a drink and by drink i mean soda. a man approached my friend and i to offer us marijuana suppositories.  blessed
 when babe nonchalantly puts weed in your cap because he doesnt wanna seem like a simp 
 someone come smoke or something
 im a good friend i smoke my friends out
 someone come thru the bellside and smoke with me
 if you cant smoke like me   we cant be together
 i need a smoke or smt to drink
 i honestly cant get w a nigga who smokes
 just heard someone refer to weed in a black amp mild as  beef and broccoli  lmao
  i cant date a girl that smoke 
 home alone w 6 bed rooms.  expectations  party  arab girls  weed  drinks.  reality walking naked and peeing w washroom.door open.
 anyone want to smoke at monacacy or something
 who wants to take a walk an smoke some pot w me an jada
 nate legit just called me out of no where and said come smoke. betttttttt
 alright  if i die....you cant smoke all my weed.
 tryna smoke tbh
 @sheagelsomino lmao these people are on some fire stuff idek if its weed or something else but they need to chill tf out 
 @kyrieirving im not saying youre stupid w your flat earth stance  but please pass me the phone number to your weed guy. wantthatlevel
 overdosed on weed and slept well more like 
 out of weed. asking for a friend 
 why dont i have more friends  i think im fucking amazing to b friends w  ill make u food and love u and smoke you out all the time
 @usuallykala smoke something lol
 @briancar1 my friends on the other hand nonrace fans pretty much all smoke. go figure.
 why my mom keep asking me if i smoke
 weed is great cause you could be really pissed off before you smoke then litterly 5 min later u dont even remember why you are mad 
 i be tryna keep from smoking then i get the harsh reminder that everybody smokes 
 if i drink if i smoke i keep up with the guys
 jeremy allen white is a smoke show
 we believe in using quality ingredients.  take our vanilla hemp snackers  for example.  real 
 cant smoke but getting drunk is fun 
 song always got me blazin  smoke some dojaaa @russdiemon 
 @billnye what would happen if you smoked poison ivy asking for a friend
 havnt ran out of weed in so long idk if i could do this drinking thing
 quit smoking weed and see how many people hit you up to hang and chill lmaaao
 being mexican when the chile is cooking amp the whole house full of smoke amp everybody coughing 
 @bobpockrass i know youre busy  but why was suarez allowed to replace carl but clint cant replace smoke theclash nascar
 kampgs smoke shop phoenix ya know rain or snow ya gang go show up  mozzy @ phoenix  arizona 
 in the mood to smoke but dont have anything lol love it 
 me can i go out w friends u can talk to their parents if u dont believe me  nobody smokes or drinks so can i pls g 
 who wants to chill n smokeee 
 is it really that goddamn hard to get some good weed around here wtf
 california man receives ten year deferred sentence for 200 pounds of marijuana wichitafallsnews 
 when your friends smoke dutchespapers but always have a wood for you gt lol
 its not a nigga fault that yall cant smoke a blunt without being a hoe.
 i cant do a smokey eye for shit but i keep trying cause i know ill get better and become a mua
 all i do is smoke an chill when im @ work lmao
 come smoke
 i need some dope ass people to smoke with bc i deadass have no friends lol
 why do girls get mad when i say i dont like girls who smoke and drink...
 if only i had friends to come smoke it wit me more for me tho lmaooo 
 @stephidemic @evchick89 i keep going out for smokes because the weather is so beautiful even with the sun down
 it better be especially after blowing this free smoke 
 @setphnaie why cant everyone smoke weed an chill 
 niggas be like they want a girl that get high and goofy asf not hard to find now ah days cause everybody and they momma smoke weed now
 everyone i work with smokes so it makes me feel like that one episode in friends where rachel has to pretend smoke to be cool
 when they smoke or drink ltltlt
 smoking weed doesnt make you any less intelligent unless you let weed consume your life
 instead of going to see joe jonas downtown last night i was on duty having to bust kids smoking the reefer
 when youre trying to smoke your cigar and listen to your music but somebody keeps trying to 
 i have 5 female friends amp everybody else i fw are niggas. i smoke  ride amp fight with niggas.
 @shitsagesays i cant even smoke weed  get me some asparagus
 @xcandi idk  or we can smoke
 or smoke your duck 
 lmao everyone is just assuming im pregnant or something bc i cant smoke weed
 blew some pretty smoke on your avi.
 blew some pretty smoke on your avi.
 idk how ppl can smoke cigarettes
 plug playin w my weed dawg i dont appreciate that shit. who got that gas
 causs you cant smoke 
 i love that my friends and i dont have to drink or smoke to have fun
 i need to smoke tbh
 got the best weed man in the city
 big dogs kid has smoked everybody in the last decade tonight. wrap this shit up give him the trophy
 @foxnews they must be smoking weed
 im literally too lazy to go buy weed rn..... lmao whats wrong w me
 how yall parents let yall smoke in ur rooms...bitch the fuck
 come thru we got a lot of lighters amp weed . 
 honestly anything would be a perfect date to me if we smoke first 
 all i want in life right now  is to chill with my people  smoke some blunts and sip some henny.
 im the only one out of my friends that doesnt drink or smoke 
 ran out of weed 
 idk if its food or weed but i def like it 
 rather smoke than drink tbh
 im just tryn drink n smoke fr
 everybody smoke weed
 really couldnt find no smoke ..
 i cant ever fucking take brandon and ayle no where without them taking life cause they had to smoke. like for fuck sakes.
 @bbyches lmaooo idk i was gucci  niggas gave me free drinks at the bar  free weed  and some plugs n shit idk lmaoo
 killer night at joes @ joes on weed st. 
 to smoke or to drink 
 im really a lightweight when it comes to drinking but i can smoke and not tap out
 aint got a thing to smoke  somebody come thru wit it
 cant even smoke
 i got the rollie on my arm and im pourin chandon and i roll the best weed
 when you tryna smoke but you mad lazy   lmao
 if you smoke around your kid youre a dub.
 yo still waiting on obs to work properly. steam pushed back to midnight to accommodate a smoke 
 ill smoke you out if you come amp rub the fuck out of my shoulder .... its spazzing hard.
 cigarette smoke indoors  my eyes  
 i love all yall  dm me more lets chill and bring more free weed and edibles lol 
 feels good when u dont smoke so while everyone else paranoid asf u just chilling 
 im feeling good  im feeling better than alright  i smoke 100 blunts amp then i ride into the night  yeah
 somebody slide and ill smoke you out
 someone come thru and smoke my game
 amp all yall dumb ass part time ass weed men stop snapping me w that shit if yall aint gone come thru
 wow smoking weed is really fucking my singing voice up. gotta give it up 
 say something... just one thing... that is bad about marijuana 
 i cant smoke 
 need some weed rn 
 i just lost one of my weed socks im pissed asf bro
 i am a sad little girl when i get drunk amp this is why i rather smoke 2 blunts than drink
 i dead need weed in my system the only thing thays gon keep me meditated and my mind on ease and keep me holy lol
 trying to get weed is soooo hard. like why cant none of yall have good quality weed on the pull up
 going to bed at 130am w some nyquil is so much more lit than going to bed at 5am off of four lokos  weed  and mozzarella sticks tbh.
 dude im tryna smoke rn
 whats it like to not smoke weed.. lmao
 im smoking weed warning erykah badu and r kelly this shit is tight
 the fact people think they can out drink n smoke me 
 my best friends dog eating weed and watching the lil pup struggle through the high 
 yall live for bitches amp blunts we live for weed amp money
 looking at all the pictures of weed amp videos of myself smoking in my phone makes me sad cause i cant smoke rn
 shoutouts to the weed man. he keep me lifted
 im not going to the club without weed  simple.
 spark  this j smoke it then 
 somebody bring me a wood  ill smoke it with you
 some of these kids still dont know lit and dab comes from weed references
 boii  weed is legal now  youre 22 yo youre parents cant do shit to you cause the law is on your side.
 lets smoke weed and chill 
 who tryna get smoked out come thru
 wood challenges feds on cannabis  sponsors legislation forbidding cooperation with enforcement  via @themendovoice
 byob and weed friendly parties are what i live for.
 i need a girl friend that can smoke as much as me. i dont have one that can keep up 
 @eggdog smoke weed everyday voice hold up
 ugh somebody go get my weed out the car for me.
 do you have a drink ill smoke one too. damn it parker
 he doesnt party ... he doesnt smoke or drink ... hes getting his masters at usc ... hes from a good family ....   hes jewish 
 better yet  i wont smoke or drink again. i have to do better with my life..
 if anyone in fullerton has beer and wants to come over and smoke hit me up 
 why tf does weed come in big turd nugs
 real live og stan taught us to never give up on the night   if u got weed or liquor u got the party. gucci boyz4life@dinerosinatra
 aint got no smoke im just up lookin goofy as hell rn
 nothing else to do but smoke.
 when i tell my friends that i no longer smoke  drink  or use any substances  2017 
 who has wraps come thru and ill smoke you out
 all people do is smoke  drink and act stupid. but they expect to be successful in life... right 
 i better get a nap in soon before i gotta go to work again someone come to easys smoke shop today and keep me company
 blessed everyday to wake up to a gorgeous girl  a healthy bank account and good weed
 man i spend about 200300 a week on the smokesi needa stop that shit
 oml if you really smoke woods then you can tell the difference offback  them leafs hella generic 
 mass incarceration  free labor  free labor  slavery  why you think the weed man get 5 years and johnny boy that raped someone gets parole
 never smoke with out eatin u will trip out 
 maybe he should smoke something amp chill trumps ass out. its the meds  as reported by @kurteichenwald that should worry us @thehill
 girls need to chill out  like damn smoke a blunt or something. stop getting mad if he doesnt text back in 2 minutes. crazy ass.
 im not saying im mad or anything but i hate when my friends smoke without me
 somebody pull up with a smoke session
 someone smoke come smoke and get lunch wit me
 mom have u amp megs been naughty i seen pics at parties w swishers  probably w weed in them me nope  no weed mo 
 you dont smoke but its cool on your friends.
 every time i come to church somebody saying some about some weed 
 everything around me is falling apart and a bunch of shit goin on but i just chill at my house and smoke like nothings happenin
 cant imagine having to actually physically find a weed dealer. can rarely get mine on the phone 
 niggas be wanting you to bring your girls around they boys just to watch them smoke milds  drink and clown each other . how embarrassing 
 when everyone thinks you smoke weed 
 need a gar somebody pull up with you can smoke 
 somebody come smoke with me 
 @ohhossanight there are always bad ones wherever you are i just weed them out thats what the mute and block button are for
 i got all the best bitches and all the best weed
 everybody and they mama smoke
 her twitter name is ida hoe with weed in her avi that she prolly got backshots to get for free lmaoo im not supris 
  i dont sugar coat. im super blunt.   smoker   goofy af 
 he said everything else now is kinda diet weed amp i know just what he means
 just rolled up 2 blunts im bout to just sit n the car with ac on full blast n smoke em
 tryna smoke a bleezy rn
 chicks can not hold they smoke thats what it is 
 @ironmikelewis idk what else to do bro ....meditation  weed  breathing methods....humans really find loopholes to get they ass beat
 i have til 5 to get my house ready .. or ima smoke a blunt amp have my friends figure it out
 any girls around to come to my boys crib and smoke hella weed for a music video with us
 teenagers smoke and they seem pretty on the ball
 need new ppl to smoke w
 if only i knew somebody who could deliver weed
 part 2 of is all boys do is smoke pot and say wyd asking for a friend
 i needa smoke
 i already told u im not gunna do anything else but smoke weed
 yall are going to smoke a beer
 you cant sit around smoke around gotta cop amp dip
 whos down to smoke amp adventure today
 somebody just pull up and smoke wit me
 you bitches is letting weed real deal change yall lives
 can i find one teenager in the entire province of ontario who is not lowkey an alcoholic or addicted to marijuana
 anybody  down to smoke and chilll soo bored.
 any girls that smoke lol
 its a nice day to call up ya best friend and say lets meet up when yall know yall jus gon smoke  drink amp bs like usual.  sprinter2017
 when ur parent is against pot but they cant be against their own child so u smoke weeed at their house anyway 
 i find it so weird when people dont wanna smoke by themselves
 flirt with me but still aint reply. im tryna smoke amp chill 
 if you went to midnightdelight last night lol you cant smoke with me. a nigga salty asf 
 indoor smoke and moneys my thaaaaaanggggggg i keep my miiiiiiiind on the green 
 any song that josh hears about getting drunk or smoking weed  he points at me. 
 do you drink or smoke
 i got my cousin buzzin in the bacc  chronic smoke  hotbox full of contact
 when you smokes cigarettes around your asian friend 
 somebody smoke with me and the homie
 can some plz smoke w me and ill smoke w you when i get my new debit card 
 i come to long beach and still dont have no one to smoke wit 
 my mom really texted me last night asking if we were out smoking weed.. just cause it was 12 and i was out like really
 @nygovcuomo but youre not a recreational marijuana user cause heaven forbid  right lt.lt
 my cousin every time he come to my crib to smoke lol 
 weed a natural herb that cant cause no harm but we cant smoke around our kids yall funny as fuck. 
 whats going on with smokepurpp and lil pump rn smh
 the best part about utah is that i can go space cruising  drink a redd  smoke a joint amp on top have the best view 
 i need friends that smoke like me 
 somebody come smoke
 im just tryna smoke sumn rn
 @walkofthecock because i have to work in mass.  and have to pay taxes there. so let everybody pay their  fair share smokers drinkers etc.
 come drink and smoke with my youll get better only darling i swear 
 the fact that i cant smoke at my house is why im never fucking here 
 i broke my vape and i dont smoke bud im tight asf rn
 i dont smoke to get high. i smoke to survive. bc it keeps me alive. munchies got me craving a mf apple pie.
 need more friends that dont smoke.
 5 joints rolled.. got carried away.. i have no one to smoke w.... lmao fuck
 someone smoke a l w me in my driveway i need sum
 not the smoke to blame  mr. @carlbildt...
 welp i have an open house and weed if anyone is tryna come thru
 come smoke a hookah with our favorite zombie friends on the walkimg dead starts at 9 pm. so dont be late
 i love being the friend that doesnt smoke amp get to freeze in the backseat of every car that i ever get into bc of my cig head ass friends
 i said i stopped smoking but i need to smoke rn
 so wheres the impeachmentparty at i got the weed and brews already on deck lets turn tf up
 im seriously addicted to coffee like a smoker is addicted to cigarettes.
 its 60 degrees so i just wanna smoke amp hold hands n walk around amp shit but everyone at this school is fak
 tell me would you drink wit a youngin  do you smoke weed  
 yo i cant stand when people smoke like this 
 somebody wanna come thru amp smoke w me orrrr
 somebody wanna come thru amp smoke w me orrrr
 i like taking showers after i smoke cause when i lay down its the best feeling evveerrr
 you dont have to smoke to be friends with me im confused.
 @frankiero do you know if a dog eating weed will kill it a girl i know keeps feeding it to her dog. and youre the 
 lol @ the guy who keeps slowing down just to blow black smoke
 i cant believe you still cant say weed on the radio
 i be the girl washing my hands in the bathroom and tryna  find a place to smoke a blunt 
 shes got some wild in her smoke.
 kendra i just rolled a blunt with no weed it 
 what comes around goes around  thats why i smoke tree.
 @dizzywright solo dolo  fuck your opinion  hippy flow  hatin on me  soul searchin  hotel stripper  calm down  new generation  smoke box 
 hmu if u want 2 chill n smoke with me eve and morgan
 dont put anything but weed in my blunt fam.
 smoking weed with my 2 favorite white girls 
 @derinhwillcox dont move into a place with a roommate that doesnt smoke weed ur life will be hell dude
 @kattadelic ik but i dont know anyone i want to live w and i cant just ask a random if they smoke pot 
 come smoke 
 i forgot people who smoke smoke to be attractive  the fuck 
 come on guys. everybody keep laughing. i laced ya weed and ya drinks. everybody laugh with mur. 
 my mans smokey in tha back 
 shawty u should roll w me  come over and smoke w me
 my weedman gotta be locked up or hes dodging me bc he owes me bud 
 hate when i cant get no weed
 if only i had friends to smoke with 
 the person on the bus next to me smells like weed and im trying to figure out how we can be friends lol
 fabian did all my social interactions for me whenever i bought weed and wo him i dont have anything to smoke or anyone to smoke w
 somebody smoke me out
 when you cant find a lighter and smoke with a candle 
 have you ever been to texas south by southwest  where we can smoke a zip like we cant get arrested.
 dude i need someone to come smoke w me this sober shit dead
 i thought yall was doing some lil smoke trick .. lol 
 @arshadxk yups  i cant smoke cigarettes anymore
 just smoked and i took that nyquil im feeling nice
 where you going to find some fucking weed lol
 i smoke a lot of weed to keep them bitches off my mind
 my uncle kicked me out my room so he can smoke tf fam
 my uncle kicked me out of my room so he can smoke in it tf fam
 me asf when i dont smoke  
 when your friends hit you to smoke on them gt lol
 so you telling me i can legally buy an ounce of weed but not wraps.. lol
 late night  hennessy  shooting dice.... smoking weed.... damn that song use to be my shit yal 
 come up at the smoke shop
 come smoke
 cant believe he lie and tell people he smoke to be down
 @amanilee nothing chilling playing weed firm on my phone
 people dead just come to my house smoke  me out and leave lmfao...
 when your friends smoke without you ... 
 real ones needa smoke me out
 and smoking weed lmao 
 i smoke too much  the problems of a 20 something
 guys are busy and i got this blunt to myself and no one to smoke with on the cool  fuck it lol more for me hah
 come smoke with meboredt
 they freed @boogiecousins holy smokes
 if i smoke i would only smoke to this song 
 i wish somebody would smoke w me 
 when your alcohol tolerance goes down and your weed tolerance goes up 
 i still have yet to go to a hookah bar. i walked in one and stepped right back out bc that shit looks lame. im not paying 8 to play w smoke
 @johncbolin that you should immediately smoke 420 and watch tim and eric
 i smoke weed when im pissed off. i enjoy that i dont even remember why i was mad feeling 
 i love getting texts from @lindsysmithh in the middle of the night to come and smoke a blunt wit her
 you cant say some shit like  i need a blunt to go to sleepstart my day. amp then turn around amp say youre not addicted to weed lmao.
 holy smokes demarcus cousins really just got traded  absolute nuts
 i smoke weed yall mmj
 i want smoke tbh
 i remember a time when i wouldnt smoke weed in high school bc of sports amp id drop off friends that were girls to the local weedmans crib.
 if u see it  thas sum dope  im the understatement 4 tha boof  they call me tha weed pope.
 funny how weedless ppl stay asking you to smoke lmao
 love how melissa comes and smokes me out at 3 in the morning
 lmao apparently they legalized weed in south africa...is it true cause ill legit pack my bags and come back home
 i smoked so much idk what going on rn lmao
 you need somebody to look at you.. how im looking at this weed..  @ love ya like a cheesecake 
 if you dont weed out the wrong people from your life  youll never meet the right ones. find people that feed you and not just need you.
 but i cant smoke weed no more  
 maxo kream x smoke break
 as soon as the cops start cracking down on marijuana is when i see literally everyone asking to match. tf yo.
 yall ew cigarettes are so gross  lip gallagher smokes 5 in a min yall omg im so wet 
 liberals is crooked party  they dosay anything to help their elites fill up theirbank brainwashed idiots with weed 
 youre going to pass something down no matter what you do or if you do nothing. even if you let yourself go fallow the weeds will grow.
 i love smokin weed i just cant help it
 asking for a friend but he met the love of his life. she says it wont work if he continues to smoke weed. whats he do
 like i am so addicted to weed its crazy
 mike pence stoking flames of fear  which is just a smokescreen to keep u scared and keep military contracts booming. nice job  mike.
 you shittin me  rt @fgrayy yall splitting the cost of a gram of weed shouldnt be smoking tbh.
 @cookiemonstadub laying down that party drink smoke remixxx turnup @ the fillmore detroit 
 i like smoking weed  and drinking beer by myself  hanging out with friends and family is a waste of my time. monday coldheineken  weed
 @kevinboyer19 some people smoke blacks fam
 i cant never sit outside and smoke in peace wo these damn bees fwm 
 i smoke me 23 to the dome soon as im alone
 speaking from tha ground 19 songs something to smoke about 18 songs  im gone put  13 songs on this mixtape n call that bihh 13 
 i smoke a blunt before i do anything.
 i needa find a place to shoot a video amp have a party not really not really trynna get hilos but thats prolly the only place mfs can smoke
 its sad how some people are friends just for the weed.
 lets spark a healthy conversation. a1 joints amp strawberries w @youngamsterdam smoke break  
 my bank account got smoked already this week. rip
 @chelseaclinton ill bet your daddy didnt smoke cigars. 
 i could smoke a pound rn 
 if you ever smoke before you go in some place and you think people cant smell it on you.. they can
 i literally had the best weekend with @yennythoe we smoked alot  ate good asf and slept good asf 
 i want to find something magic to smoke
 who got weed in fortworth
 i go hella hard for my boys bc i know if theres any inconvenience to me they bringing smoke to whoever causing it
 i wish i still had friends that would just randomly come over and smoke
 i just want to find a nice place and smoke a joint there
 friend come smoke me nah imma chill friend fine then bitchass nigga 
 i cant be with a guy who has no jobs  smoke n drink like crazy also playing around n do notin i cant handle that
 1. dont smoke hookah 2. definitely do not invest my money on liquor 
 dont sent me back to rehab your honor cause ima get out and keep smoking ganja
 how tf you get mad cause i tell you  you cant hit my sweet.. bihh get your own weed.
 im never smoking a cigarette till i meet lana del rey and smoke one wit her
 about to smoke one rn 
 need some smokes and a drink
 any chance you guys can get me on guest list for tonight ill smoke yall out fat 
 my weed potent
 i smoke a lot of weed to keep the bitches off my mind
 any chance you guys can get me on guest list for tonight ill smoke yall out fat@biggigantic 
 @lovingmykids65 @pavedarker you need to take a valium. or smoke a bowl. or get laid. or something. anything. youre unhinged.
 dis shit sound smokepurpp asf
 @biggigantic any chance you guys can get me on guest list for tonight ill smoke yall out fat 
 i need new friends that smoke
 @r2tea2 i get so distracted when im not high. i was like damn i need to grind some weed and theres greens just sitting there lol.
 couldnt date someone who doesnt smoke or doesnt respect the luv for the gas
 tougher and tougher for the smokers 
 somebody come over with a bong i have weed
 who trying to smoke rn
 cooking out smoking weed..
 new orleans was so bad to us on the smoke tip  everybody got that dirt pack down this bitch  no bullshit amp its hard to find that 
 y r they asking me how to smoke i blunt i am deceased
 woke up dis morning feeling like puttin my dick in smokepurrp girl mouth
 ran some random weed nigga house n 2k come up.
 if you are a white trash tramp who smokes pot and drinks every weekend plz keep your comments shaming other people away from me  thx.
 @aguido this is the equivalent of @josdax and his smokes during average joes softball games. 
 local huffy glass on deck for ya hoosier smokers    come to wishbone gifts today  @ 
 the dawg has a new blog up cannabis tea  to drink or not to drink  
 me why does our smoke alarm keep going off @marinadalton  because we are smoking hot.
 i hope mak smoked all the weeds while she waited but knowing her she waited... my queen 
 you cant use the college isnt for everyone argument if you sit around and smoke weed all day.
 @maurgonz88 nor is weed and theres still ppl stashing it. you know  cant reveal your true self... and secondly  bc addicts need it 247
 just want some friends to sit around w after work outside on the porch and chain smoke blunts and chug beers til the morn is that so hard
 when your so called friends go and have a smoke session without you 
 @cashmerekatie that lady is a dumb bitch for saying stats like that. shut up and smoke a blunt
 whomst tryna smoke some g fuel
 when no one wants to give you the weed hookup. what is it going to take for a girl to get some god damn weed around here
 i cant believe i just got arrested for smoking weed
 @jorrdynnnn smoke something
 never smoke a blunt that you didnt see get rolled up. 
 is it bad that i think about starting to smoke cigarettes all the time bc they seem to help everyone else when they feel like this
 its just sooo funny how everyone was my friend when i had shit that benefited them. a house  weed  parties  lmao
 does a duck with a boner drag weeds letterkenny
 when he can respond to his friends about weed  but not to your texts 
 i cant believe my bro tyler smoked a cheese danish
 somebody come smoke a blunt with me
 i wonder if smoke will let me come through and do laundry after work lol 
 i really jus needa smoke
 fuck it we can roll one  smoke one whatever  i really be higher then high never met someone else on my level 
 i cant invite my cousins to smoke brh  no more this is the third time someone passed out in my kitchen 
 what would my bpd ass do without weed honestly
 why my cousins take 5 mins to figure this out lmfao they said they see smoke and coke comin out or a rocket  
 i want to go pick up rn but no one is down  bars. weed and liquor please.
 yo my parents need to sit down amp smoke a few blunts rn tired of hearing these fools yapping
 @rmvnda dont come for the honey nut and we wont have no smoke
 @keyfurrz come feed me cheese ill give you weed or something lol
 see me n all i do mix as weed n sorry vodka strongest better dont make u fuzzy sugar ur head no flavors added ruin the effects as chemicals
 to whom would like to smoke and chill
 dont come around me always wanna smoke because ion smoke all the time shyd i like to chill
 what is this fuckery. got offered to smoke by 2 ppl. im busy tonight 
 speed weed wait hold on
 when all my friends think this is weed  calm down guys its not 
 i cant smoke like that no more
 i have my best smoke sessions with my boyfriend
 the perfect date puff n paint @ layla lounge  3 for 20 drink specials  smoke friendly environment  music by 
 best weed nap ever 
 im bored i need more friends who smoke
 i like how males hit me up on pof to smoke lmao better than for sex hahaha
 i have mixed feelings about dating girls who smoke weed...long as youre cool with me not doing that  then thats fine
 im tryna chill and smoke
 girls who smoke 
 do you keep your weed in this jar michelle says to me in front of my trainer that doesnt know i smoke 
 whos down to smoke and chill later fr
 will smoke up whoever tf wants to go the the creek rn
 @bl3um00n lol im such a pussy im so scared to smoke anything out of anything lol
 guys  just took my first shower without the smoke detector going off everyone on the 4th floor yourewelcome
 all this too buy weed come on man   formyman
 i smoke but i have two jobs and go to school. what you doing if ya aint working or doing something productive
 i hate living w ppl that dont wanna ever just hang out or do cute things or just sit w me n smoke a cig
 the weed keep my mind right but it can also keep me side tracked
 she just said yo moma drink weed amp smoke liquor..
 come roll my weed ma
 uproot your problems like you uproot your weeds  not like you are cutting the  grass
 people be so eager to smoke everybody weed but they own ...
 i find boys who smoke and play ball attractive
 come smoke by me 
 na  shes just mad she smokes reg everyone 
 gotta love those who critique smoking weed but drink themselves away every weekend lol
 pills   liquor   weed   i swea im w the shits jitt ready tah die 
 i needa smoke 
 why arent there more guys that will just chilll  smoke pot w me and play videos games w me  and just be my friend  and not try to fuck me
 cute things andy has done today 1. sewed his pants w hemp thread 2. sang in the car w me 3. slept w me all day 
  you coo and we needa smoke again
 omg. smoking weed is not cool or attractive.
 @jadaindigo well my dumbass dont pay for weed so idgaf im just saying if you smoke you should expect at the most to pay 15   go away ...
 @jadaindigo i was being sarcastic bobblehead bitch   get out ya feelings and go smoke ya .8 
 smoke alotta weed to keep them bitches off my mind ...
 if you think it is okay to drink  smoke  do dugs  or anything harmful to your body while pregnant you are wrong.
 whos trying to smoke lets hang
 i just want some weed and a blunt cruise w a friend. fuck
 @lixiaklems i dont believe you do  but you dont need to snap him about weed or anything on earth
 was gone smoke but cant find my wallet
 drink my beer smoke my weed but my good friends is all need @diamondlifeluis @bernael300 and some friends at my school lol love yall
 once i smoke this blunt its over for my feeling 
 i got that label too in hs and its funny bc going into college everyone smokes weed. weed is good  and bummer for t 
 just rolled the cutest lil j omg i cant even smoke it bc its too damn cute
 not sleepy no more.. should i take some benadryl or find someone to come smoke and chill 
 somebody smoke 1 with me.
 swear everybody sell weed but its hard to find a plug
 if your keys are on a lanyard  dont swing them around. you might smoke your forehead w them
 q what does the duck smoke  a quack
 i just need a couple more blunts to smoke to keep my mind from racing.
 i get on my feelings everytime i smoke after like midnight it never fails
 guys who dont drink or smoke do it best
 @evansvillewatch how bad is it i can see smoke but no flames or anything
 you can keep your weed to yourself honey snapchat doesnt have to see it we get it
 somebody help me smoke some weed
 when im feeling down i put my headphones in and roll weed
 keep finding weed in strange places in my house and i dont even smoke
 i can legally drink  legally smoke marijuana in cali  and gamble. damn im old
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive.. i smoke it everyday cause it keeps me alive..  
 the struggle of wanting to going out with friends amp wanting to stay in and smoke blunts amp watch movies is toooo real rn
 baby staying with her parents for the night which means i can go to the gym and chill with my boys and smoke 
 in 2017 im gonna drink  smoke that good good  have s e x  party  and of course im going to turn 13 
 im washed af ive never even tried anything but weed lol 
 needa find a chill place to go n smoke a blunt 
 somebody else smoked me out. lol 
 naw lil pump smokepurpp tour 
 nooo my boyfriend cant smoke with you  cant chill with you   cant text you  you hoes better beat it 
 big copper heads and mean wild pigs and gators in the weeds waitin for ya
 so i just woke up crying from a really bad dream. so i go smoke a cigarette and get on facebook because theres gotta be something funny
 the best feeling smoke showin 
 who smokes weed at 910 in the morning  u all wild like dont you have something better to do like idk sleep
 why cant people stick to weed.. like really like one of your homeboys was like  i got this meth bro... wtf
 id like to say youve changed  but youre always the same. i got a feeling that the marijuanas rotting your brain.
 everybody smokes weed
 yall smoking mite weed triflin niggas
 somebody come smoke witcha girl im feeling generous today
 they cant handle the weed or something 
 thats my bitch when she on period   we smoke amp chill
 my mom needa come thru and smoke me up i got 3 more hours in this hell
 w said i was sick in a facebook group chat and my friend comes over and brings me takeout pho n weed. fkin clutch
 if we cant smoke n ride out to gucci together this is never going to work.
 @mundanematt holy smokes  mr brave.   i suggest accurate reporting visavis milo and immediately get called a pedophile supporter rock on.
 people keep telling me i smell straight up like weed but i havent even smoked or been around it 
 come to my job almost everyone smokes there ... the job aint even that stressful  
 @yfnlucci smoke one for pablo escobar
 i wanna run through to halls of my....    mic feedback we wanted to take a moment to inform you about the dangers of weeds....
 cop an ounce for personal smoke just to keep me leveled.
 i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive
 smoking weed where the wild things are
 every person advocating for marijuana legislation needs to show the hell up for criminalized and vulnerable ppl who cant access recovery.
 my best friend recommended that i start burning sage to calm my nerves since im trying not to smoke... i hope that a good alternative.
 no weed.. no money ....hella school work.. my life.
 meet this handsome little devil.  he goes by the name smoke.   samten34 if your bro is 
 saif and i are having a raking big party. if anybody wants to come smoke drink corona and rake my yard come through
 all my folks asking what the problem is  ready to bring smoke
 i just wanna smoke a couple bs  go out and sip on something  i be feeling myself when im in my zone  shit i be on have me feeling special
 @narziienarz you know i cant smoke
 i need more people to smoke w 
 i aint gone ever give seryn the means to smoke weed with her fake ass friends 
 all girls want to do now is party  drink  smoke  and fuck 
 somebody get the fucking weed ready
 a hot guy just invited me over to smoke amp i cant go what the fuuuuuuu
 ima smoke a blunt for everybody feelings i hurt today  hopefully yall grown some fuckin nuts
 i need somebody to smoke with  i get tired of getting high by myself
 i get mad when people smoke around their dogs i am another lever of enraged right now 
 i really cant stand that cigarette smokers think they are entitled to just go out and smoke for 5 mins while everyones working
  fake pothead lol only smoke when they friends got weed 
 someone pull up on me w some balley. we can smoke in my shit. 
 i keep a blunt in my mouth i smoke that loud all tha time
 lil pump and smoke purposely 
 i smoke weed with some good friends
 just smoked a e30 rn lol
 can someone bring me something to eat so i can take these meds ill smoke w you..
 friend tryna smoke me hell yea  lets match friend i was hoping you had some me 
 my job makes me want to smoke blacks again  just to hide from everybody.
 i hope to find a girl i can smoke mad blunts with
 all my weed is in alief
 any selu smoke  somebody tryna match
 my dad listen to kevin gates and smoke back woods now ... idk who this man is .
 constantly needing to smoke and get rides and food and money is not attractive. do something with your life 
 my existance in high school  people asking me to hang out  then smoking my weed and never talking to me again
 this cannabis coffee got me somewhere else 
 finally off headed home tired asf hungry asf need to smoke all of thee above
 @queenoverlord dont settle for terrible music while rolling the weed  check this song out 
 ahhhh just like my mama and my sister. nobody likes me sober awww am i too much for you  the fam is like drink amp smoke something plz
 just got approved to hold a marijuana farmers market in our parking lot very soon magnolia is the place to be 
 my mom comes home from work so i jokingly yell  hide the weed.. my mom replies with dont hide it  break it out omg mom
 somebody out norfolk needa smoke her ass nfs 
 in the weeds is in arizona  were almost there  intheweeds arizona labound losangeles 
 justin cant smoke weed lmao he needs to stop lol 
 if all you do is smoke 258   im not finna entertain you . . like find some else better to do 
 guy what up girl you done running its cannabis oclock me live your best life my friend
 to my friends who live in countriesstates where marijuana is legal does the culture of smoking while driving around in a car still exist
 my mom is so assbackwards  she gets mad about everything but when she finds my weed shes not mad amp wants to smoke w me  shaking my dome
 @postbadaliens  i smoked a fat bowl come meet me up here 
 i really want to just smoke and chill till 9 but mello being a bitch about the blunt he hid 
 @styiesjack man idk i either thats a whole shelf of edibles and weed or idk man but the nuts are wild i wouldnt ever try those 
 i hope my dad got some weed brownies for me when im off lmaoo
 @pavegecko01 there is never smoke without fire.
 so can we get cannabis delivered now in california with out a medical card...im asking for a friend. 
 cant fwy if you dont smoke 
 lmao smoked 7 blunts today to the dome 
 bottles amp weed aint cutting it i need a whole jolt. who got me
 she love to smoke with me cause i keep exotic weed @1wandeezy 
 ugh is anyone down to smoke w me 
 i need more friends who smoke weed stoner 420 cannabis
 you cant smoke gas girl so quick acting with it
 ellis just said when it comes to weed  im an alcoholic
 fresh off work.. shower   smoke and finish these songs
 i swear sometimes ill mind of hopsin 5 almost makes me quit cigs amp weed. but then along comes famous dex amp rich the kid
 opening day is tomorrow come by and purchase something from our extensive collection come smoke with us openingday tobacconist
 lol i always get free weed
 2 post in a row with my sunglasses on sorrynotsorry  @ hempstead  
 you smoke weed then i cant fwy
 i cannot believe that debra lets her kids out past 845. she wonders why her children are addicted to the marijuanas....
 gangsters move in silence but we smoke the loudest
 damn  these joints are nicely rolled. finna go smoke one anddd if its laced  i have another kpin to kill whatever comes at me. prepared xd
 cant even go smoke a few blunts with my friends smh
 @m240h but we close the weed shops tomorrow. we dont.
 yo there is dead ass nothing to do in old bridge bc everyone just tryna smoke all the time wtf yo who wants to do something
 i should be getting smoked out rn..
 w a side of marijuana 
 i need some new guys friends that i can smoke n chill with ... who not trynna have sex with me 
 need more friends that smokeee
 i dont smoke  drink  nor party... i use to like a year ago. once i started to find myself i let all that go as a start
 @hannahstorey lmao youre so funny about weed like yeah we are cool. but the real question is  can you fly away with your lashes lmaoo
 waited all weekend to smoke amp now i cant enjoy it bc its  too much  .
 need more friends to smoke with
 some of yall need to smoke a blunt and chill out  this is the best advice i can give you
 i love seshing w the gang but i wish i had new people to smoke w
 the first time i ever met my gfs mom she hung out amp smoked an l with me amp shorty.. mind u  her mom dont smoke with anyone lol
 having no one to smoke w atm sucks
 cant ever smoke with the fan on it fuxks up my french inhale.
 you never know what youll see in the er...like a guy who ate his weed.
 girl ew your smoke cigarettes me sees girl smoking cig at frat party 
 idk how people enjoy high sex like i be gettin lazy asf after i smoke i be all stuck amp shit
 i need some melatonin.... or weed... or wine. idk i cant sleep i need something
 the sidewalk leading to my house always smells like weed.. idk why the neighborhood never hangs out together
 i need more gfs to smoke with
 nigga act mad funny with weed.... that shit just funny and crazy to me
 i mean i smoke allll day an my bank account nice asf so idk 
 tori is making me smoke weed w her 
 update we talking bout his friends smoking weed out an apple 
 my friends are too cool to smoke with me because all they do is dab. like nah fam i just wanna chill with some reggie joints 
 oh you mad cause baby momma gave the pussy to me keep playin lil nigga you gone get smoked like a doobie
 who is smoking weed on the train rn
 i rolled 4 joints. i only smoked 1
 i rolled 4 joints  i only smoked 1. 
 to sum it all up  they ran off with my weed. 
 i say everyone should just smoke a blunt and chill
 yo if we ever date dont pay to get my nailshair done. pay for weed  something we can both use.
 dead im all washing dishes and my stupid stepdad comes and i smell weed and i turn around and he has a big o bag xdddd
 uncle smoke done fucked around and did something w this chicken 
 @onsomeshit hows the joint with him and smokepurpp
 people in houston just keep getting nicer... lol i just got a free bag of weed cause i told someone my story 
 practice was cool. idk what was better  that new song in the works or that dank ass weed. 
 cant believe i smoke the way i do now 
 free weed is the best weed
 i can be high asf ima still hit the weed 
 thursday going down ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a 
 im so sick of you bill cosby ass niggas who cant chill w a female wo the you drink or smoke 
 @deeannakaay04 come smoke another 
 its wild what an hour on the smoke deck can do for clearing your head
 just smoked weed out of a fireball shooter bottle. feeling extra classy rn
 i may party chill smoke hang with ratchets n etc but thats far from what i want to bring home every night
 maya ran off with the weed and im pissed
 and yall be like ew you smoke weed biiiiiiii you still fuck w all these animals tho and they doing more than me 
 @xcodeh xcodehforpresident lets make him in charge he will give us free glass and free weed.
 you cant smoke a black amp mild with meee
  youse a weed head fam 
 to weigh out this weed now or when i get that im here text 
 lmao ju thought it was something wrong with me bc i aint smoke with them 
 so sad i cant smoke rn
 how tf the smoke come out his ears 
 not having weed is a problem rn lol
 lit i cant smoke no more but best believe ill have it on me  
 can i smoke a blunt with @kodakblack1k amp @thebhadbhabie  howboudah
 high as a muthafucka la really got the best weed for real
 either we smoke  or we drink  or we break up
 i need a group of friends thats move like me  thinc like me   and smoke like me
 if i could smoke rn id be rolling up a colossal wood
 psa im out of weed  help a girl out
 cant smoke wit me cause... 
 cant stand no nigga who cant speak up   we got smoke den say so lil nigga 
 i cant stand a lame ass niggah who think he popping cause he sell weed.  you still a bitch  and a walking lick
 im bouta sit in the house amp smoke a fat spliff while yall get rained on
 alcohol ignites violence. cannabis quells violence to animals and other family members. 
 somebody smoke something after school
 no weed for everyone thats why they come to us 
 i really cant imagine the type of nigga id be if i smoked weed.
 ontario fire marshalls office says no working smoke alarms in brampton home where three family members died last week.
 thick smoke keep a clear mind
 i smoke me 23 to the dome soon as im alone
 @wawilsoniv @naval just cause your allergies cant smell smoke  doesnt mean everyone running wwater buckets arent putting out real fire
 only buying 8ths  i cant smoke a quarter of the same weed....
 i be smoking rapper weed wit my gang
 idk y i find hookah smokers sad
 constantly have to remind myself you dont need weed n liquor to have fun 
 fine if no one wants to smoke can someone at least come thru w some rellos for ya girl lol
 people talking about this new chance x future like smoke break wasnt the best song on coloring book
 just told my professor iv smoked w his son before infront of the whole class  happy hump day 
 @zoeystarz on a interview ricky try say it was a love song im like thats a smoke song lol
 come over and smoke with me.
 muslims will not be happy until they dominate the world. they will then weed out the weak. dont be a snowflake 
 im sick of niggas smokin weed but cant come up w my shams.
 my mind to wild to smoke. i cant be out my head like that
 everyone smoke now 
 girl why do you smoke weed  me because i cant die from it...why do you smoke cigarettes   girl because its le 
 thursday going down ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a 
 people who love to get sauced and drunk on the regular always got something to say about niggas smoking weed
 why is it so difficult to try and find someone to smoke a cigarette with
 dude  this is some seriously potent weed  
 he got all the doors open because he cant smoke in whoever crib he in  
 i need somebody to come smoke with me before i die..
 he cant be a man cause he doesnt smoke the same cigarettes as me
 i have to chill and smoke with post malone
 want to keep marijuana out of high school get rid of tobacco  dr. j. williams mentalhealthmatters  txtobacco
 either we smoke or we drink or we break up ....
 its also why i love seeing people sing  i get this visual image in my mind that they are building something out of magic smoke
 everybody knows she only drinks alone  and she only smokes when she drinks
 lil purpp they know i be going wild you can get smoked like a black and mild  @smokepurpp 
 lets do our best to inform the public on the issues they care about  like marijuana reform. 
 thursday going down ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a 
 its cool if we just smoke and chill  just know the deal
 i cant be with someone who smokes cigarettes notsorry
 need friends 2 come smoke blunt access rn hurry mitch wont get out of bed bc he slept with his contacts in and cant see hurry help
 its always the weirdest people in the smoke section at palomar 
 it would be dope of i could smoke without turning into a vegetable
 it would be dope if i could smoke without turning into a vegetable
 same shorties that be calling niggas lame and broke be the same ones that be tryna come in the sections and drink on liq and smoke for free
 you can smoke  drink  party amp still get good grades 
 when you at a smoke session and everybody praising a blunt somebody rolled and somebody saydamn who rolled this mehttpst.cogwm6s5ugfe
 wear wine not tee shirt be high on weed edible casually use golden tarot deck in waiting room  jury duty here i come
 im in tha town wheres tha weed
 hispanic parents praise their kids for drinking the fuck out some beer but will disown them if they ever come into contact with some weed
 my marijuana prof is so chill.  coincidence  i think not 
 ran outta weed tellasadstoryin3words
 rappers think they can drink  smoke  not write anything on paper and drop 16 classic tracks on an album....jay z and weezy got yall gassed
 rappers think they can drink  smoke  not write anything on paper amp freestyle 16 classic tracks on an album....jay z amp weezy got yall gassed
 my makeup always comes out better if i smoke a joint while doing it
 2017 we snitching on our best friends when the cop pulls us over and smells the weed gang in dis bitch
 swear the weed there gotta be fye . i cant even imagine
 i have never thrown up off an edible  dab  gb  bong rip etc... lmao but a lot of ppl i smoke w have and its soooo funny 
 i just cant grasp the concept of how some people prioritize smoking weed over getting a job 
  tbh youre cool af and we need to smoke. i didnt ditch you btw  just have a busy life. amp thanks for saving me @ joes that one time 
 all i do in the house is smoke and keep taking showers and baths frfr
 smoking weed and being broke lit asf   goofy ass niggas
 funny you can ride around with ya dumb ass friends  smoke  chill  snap  tweet  and be on the book but cant send a text back 
 lmmfaoooo  facts thats why i keep a drink or candy when i smoke. 
 this is a whole fucking crack house my granny got me buying this weed from
 everyone deserves they own smoke
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a midnight toker
 @revoluanders @alexanderlevit @prisonplanet you need to smoke some weed bro  chill out have a drink  smell some flowers.
 happy bday luver i love you so much i cant wait to get litty w u this weekend smoke gud today @kyaraalexa 
 i love being on vacation but i cant wait to come home amp smoke a few blunts with my best friends 
 from now on i buy my weed first when my paycheck comes in and before paying any other bills. 420 cannabis
 they the best to smoke blunts with 
 lol only at ucs they bribe students w weed 
 making smoke and fire with the best  adastra 
 im honestly so excited to go to my friends house after work and smoke
 out and about to smoke and chilling 
 @rayz2cents you really are so ignorant on the topic of cannabis  that it would undoubtedly be best for you to keep your stupid mouth shut
 out and about to smoke and chilling 
 @swayingslowly weed is tight
 .@uber ever consider an option to request a nonsmokers car even w the best driver in the world  i hate an uber that smells like smoke
 need somebody to smoke with
 @lildracobullets fuck all yall though after i smoke my blunt im unfollowing everyone. yall didnt help me and i was freaking out... yall fake
 can i pls have a girl friend who is down to smoke and get food plz
 where can a girl find some weed around here @cops
 i just cant stand to see a bitch smoke her life away but doesnt work or shit thats not cute bitch do something with your life
 better money better weed cant go wrong with that. amp i can get my med card for so low.
 found out one of my niggas been eating ass smh  guess who  cant hit the weed without a straw at the end
 hbd to my best fucking friend i dont know what i would do without you co smoke a couple blunts for me love an 
 tryna maintain respect for smokers cause their live set was dirty af but they keep re releasing the same shit 
 coding is on thing that programmers cant do without it just like @bobmarley and weed 
 i need more female friends that smoke 
 interesting @memetwalker deleted all the tweets of us discussing cutting backquitting smoking weed. regret or fear i wonder
 so to the girls that sit in our circles just to get smoked up. bums
 we cant be friends if you smoke cigs 
 me no i dont smoke or drink and i never have everyone  
 damn i needa smoke mane 
 i hate when i offer to smoke someone out and they extend the invitation to 71 of their friends. like.... no
 just tryna smoke a wood wit ya
 beats keep on bumping  lights keep on lighting n smoke keep on rising like clouds in the ski im walter beech hamlett n was born to fly
 cant even listen to rap music without wanting to smoke 
 hang out with me tomorrow  i have weed amp my kid can be pretty funny some times.
 i always smoke amp then ... boom here come these deep thoughts 
 just a cigarette no law says they cant smoke it if they find a way to get their hands on one. just says minors can 
 yall needa chill and got smoke a dick @praying4neck @averymsu23
 my therapist mad at me bc my weed in a ziplock bag n it made her whole office stank she goin at it w the glade rn 
 @allthelovecoco @ropeandanchorls practically everyone i know that smokes has no problem smoking around their kids. its sad  but...
 wow my friends just reminded i cant smoke . oops forgot .
 sophomore year i got a saturday for asking a teacher where he buys his weed  
 @secbooger teens cant keep their mouth shut and certainly notice those with more. too much smoke around this program for a while.
 my family is watching weeds cause they gon be growing this green with me. my family really be growing. literally 
 @wittlowry besides a smoker
 damn cant smoke or drink for a whole week. surgery sucks.
 i like smoking weed in a mountainous environment
 somebody come smoke with me
 no one want to hang imma still smoke blunts on bluntz 420 weedporn weed weedsmokers 
 i cant wait to have my own place and be able to just sit in silence and smoke.
 yase this shit gotta be 18  a nigga tryn pull up and smoke a wood w gang gang 
 breakin down weed prices to my girls parents 
 fuzzy socks  adidas  concerts  chimes food  tea  good ppl  and weedies happiness
 i bought some weed and i cant even smoke it 
 new song from the ie boyz smokeout99 @audiopush cuz i just want to chill and smoke can we do 
 i need friends to smoke with 
 fuzzy socks  concerts  chinese food  happy ppl  and weedies good life
 i am so addicted like hennessy  addicted like weed. 
 tweet or ill get pissed off and smoke a bowl.
 let me find out they really got weed tequila  
 i just want somebody to vibe amp smoke these ls w
 son i couldnt find me weed
 song always reminds me of menace ii society. these niggas smoked yo cousin in front of you nigga. 
 yall live for bitches and blunts. we live for weed and money. 
 ur parents the best smoke buddies 
 idc if you smoke but i do care if you keep bugging me to smoke w you no.
 fwm got that flame medical kush i only smoke the best so i get the best an my custys
 watching a man smoke is oddly attractive.
 those pull up  lets smoke rn friends gt
 bored af whos down to smoke and chill
 got something for all the smokers at bigassmardigras2
 this aint no friday  come in like worm pull up and smoke one of you niggas
 hate a mf like that. they can be in a dead sleep slobbin and shit. jump up ready to smoke your shit 
 man i fw smoke lol thats really my dude  he always keep it a bill 
 chill amp smoke
 somebody scoop me n smoke me out
 when im mad  i can either smoke or argue. i cant eat. cant think. cant chill. cant talk. cant do shit else but smoke or argue
 kansas city who knows where i can find weed
 you can have female friends ima have male friends you smoke with chicks i can smoke with dudes
 you can smoke with females but yo girl cant smoke with her home boy ya wild
 ill smoke someone out if they do this unit of apex bc i cant even keep my eyes open lmao im so tired.. please
 alcohol is for everyone except me. i cant handle it. one drink im weird two drinks and im really weird and sick. gtfoh smoke weed bitch.
 somebody pull up amp smoke with yah girl
 my friends that like to smoke gas   wya
 know whats funny when i burp and smoke comes out
 @jadalatrice so you a smoker now  yo avi got me dead   girl bye
 i dont smoke often  but i love me a wine wood tip black n mild 
 im a 21 year old who doesnt drink or smoke. i stan chris brown  kanye west  the weeknd  lorde and travis scott. why no one ever believe me
 @kaylaabrittanyy come smoke with meeee
 idk if someone is considered a bad friend or a good friend if theyre tryna smoke you out instead of letting you study 
 @carlbildt what does the swedish gov smoke to allow this to happen 
 burn shit smoke meth hail earthquakes
 tf some people saying i sell spice bra wtf my friend got weed trim off the internet for the low and u guys looked at the weed and i sold out
 errbody just need to let me smoke em out .
 and setting off the smoke detectors 
 key to beard growth is to live stress free tbh. smoking a lot of weed helps .
 i love weed it always come through clutch for a nigga
 when youre friend gets arrested for weed 
 can someone come thru with a packed grav and smoke me tf out so i can sleep
 who got tha weed
 just want somebody to kick it and smoke with 
 i need to smoke like 10 blunts rn
 weed will soon be decriminalized in tunisia. i dont smoke  but i will enjoy not having to worry for safety of friends who do indulge.
 i lost interest. you ran outta weed too fast
 i feel bad for people that cant hang when they smoke
 if someone wants to come over n smoke with me say aye
 i needa smoke
 i smoke a lot of weed to keep these bitches off my mind
 7. you smoke or drink
 bout to find me some weed to fire up 
 really all smoke on every song 
 all my friends talk about is dick  weed  and food. like.. can we talk about something else guys.. jesus.
 @carlbildt something milder than that queefy somalian weed all you govt types been using for 30 yrs  i guess. 
 @dr1zy provide the weed and you got a deal.
 i be smoking rapper weed w my gang
 .i fucks with meeting new people  going on adventures amp getting smokey
 who wanna be a real one and come smoke with ya boy off the shits
 once you weed out who fake love you when its convenient and find who rlly wants to see you thrive n succeed in life youll be so much happier
 lol my friend is from humboldt and thats exactly what that county is. weed 
 i cant even smoke my car not here 
 weed weeds. two worlds. just family friends who have twitter.
 officially not addicted to weed anymore ayyyyyy
 want oomf to be my gf and smoke blunts w me instead of these lame nigggggasssss
 trippin i smoke blunts and my shit taste phenomenal  maybe yo blunt was just nasty asf 
 up smoking marijuana lol
 i need somebody to smoke with
 its midnight and my parents are having a casual discussion about medical marijuana and its benefits w my brother.. are they tryna match 
 my friend wants me to wake up amp smoke weed w a stranger w him....... im shleep 
 @ jack in a box drive thru  guy  i think were friends   @oliviaaampm  do u smoke guy  weed   o  yeah  guy  were friends   
 look  we get it..........you smoke.
 why are you so damn angry smoke a blunt. take some dick. shit idk but chill tf out.
 niggas do be addicted to weed tho. they act like they cant go through like without smoking it.
 me and him not together so we can chill and smoke 
 dude this stupid ass smoke detector keeps beeping every 20 seconds imma about to lose my god damn mind
 i cant believe my cousins smoke swishers 
 my mom just gave me weed without me asking how dope 
 new @thechainsmokers  @coldplay song isnt bad but the smokers are running out of ideas using the same formula with each song they put out
 come over to the kool side @bmsnard  a lil smoke aint killed nobody huh @bmsderek 
 you have me addicted like hennessy  addicted like weed.
 me sentell and quise could really ride around all day and smoke 
 my parents are just realizing now that i smoke the reefer .... they are mad
 if you have no job and all you do is smoke weed and drink by yourself at home. check yourself before you even come at me. k rant over
 12 the longer i do this the more i believe that you cant worry about the ones that wont.  they will weed themselves and blame you anyway.
 dont come to my section if you aint gone smoke sumn.
 someone come be my friend amp do hw amp smoke weed with me when i get off work 
 can someone pls give me a ride to school ill smoke u a bowl or something 
 bruh this people on tinder would do anything for pussy or weed. 
 keep all of the pharmacists in place  just switch out cannabis for painkillers.
 1 of my guests @ work gave me a weed pen 
 my best friend smoked her best friend
 i rolled down my window to find out i hot boxed my car with my vape to wave at my boss  he looked at me funny when he saw all the smoke..
 i been praying w a reefer head
 u wanna know how to quit doing drugs im bouta let yall in on my lil secret...substitute whatever u on with weed n youll be aight
 you must have the best weed man bring me in 
 yo im off probation somebody smoke me out plz 
 @reptrentfranks theres a flaw in your nukes in the marijuana bales theory see if you can figure it out  then let me know.
 you got ya dirty ass feet on my couch and smokin motherfuckin weed in my house
 somebody please give this nigga some smoke bc if he turn up on me one more time. 3rd time and the day aint even started yet 
 me will you be mad if i go to the party and dont smoke weed with you  friend ...no
 2017  i need some weed makonnen voice 
 whats the deal with these cannabis schools  via @massroots love 420
 a friend with weed is a friend indeed
 would love somebody forever if they brung me food and a j to smoke but .... i already know wassup 
 i need a best girl friend who will hang out w me regularly amp smoke with me amp watch bobs burgers  harry potter amp disney amp cook food w me.
 now yall know good and damn well weed the most chill shit on earth 
 ok so what i smoke too big deal but guess what i gotta job.. im in school my grades good.. so dont come for me wth
 if u smoke like this dont come around me 
 i wanna go to the spark swing on some swings and smoke
 @morgansidney nahhhh im talking about the girls that take their kids to parties when they cant find anyone to babysit  smoke  drink
 ion need homies with anger problems and trips over everything ima down ass homie. im chill as fuck .nigga smoke a blunt
 i cant deal wit people that smoke cigarettes thats out
 they in here arguing. her wife mad bc she keep smokin all the weed  and she white so its soo funny hearing her argue. watch ya mouf
 on days like this ill drive to dallas just to smoke one drink some  w u
 @drm4god @sethrogen damn he smokes weed just like everyone else who doesnt hate life  u really got him.
 my boy owns a smoke shop if yall looking for deals go to yayas smoke shop tell him i sent you he got you 
 todays dailyfeature is looking especially delicious in that sunlight  crema base with smoked 
 someone come smoke w me.... i got the   i just want the company 
 yall i stepped out the car to get some chinese and was immediately hit by some weed
 @realdonaldtrump come on  you cant compare marijuana with opium
 @presssec.  you are wrong.   when its something republic like its leave it to the states but marijuana ur all up in peoples business.
 as much pot as i smoke u cant find one picture of me on any social media
 yall ever notice how the smoke that comes off the blunt is blue but the smoke you let out is white
 i smoke by da qp not tha ounce @smokepurpp
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to survive
 and now theyre coming after weed  man we cant do shit in america. we cant even go to the bathroom
 @king5seattle can you reach out to state representatives regarding possible increased enforcement of recreational marijuana
 lets smoke something thatll make us walk sideways a bit. 
 why does the doj insist on making marijuana a big deal... 
 @mediaite how is it we have ages to drink  vote  smoke or drive...but none for changing your gender  how does this work
 @huffingtonpost until things are weeded out.
 cant even smoke im.so sic
 i want all my friends that smoke cig to quit..   i love you
 i need more friends who dont smoke 
 my boss told me ill never be swole even on steroids and i should turn to weed for help w my appetite while i try to bulk  ded
 so everybody smokes now  hahaha
 fuck it tho im smoking weed counting this money. everything else pointless in my book
 everything else you shitheads have done has been awful...if i cant smoke to temporarily chill i will lose my fucking mind @seanspicer
 gang gang i did weed today 
 i cant believe trump is going after marijuana. everyday i get a little more astonished.
 what the hell does weed have to deal with anything smh
 part of me kinda hurt. other part just saying smoke a blunt youll forget
  needa smoke sesh soon
 i dont want to live in a world where there is a chain smokers x coldplay song hillsongradio 
 midwest weed pic sent in by a friend 
 errbody smoke tho
 i cant believe someone was smoking weed in the mens bathroom  his kids must of been really stressing him out 
 smoke a lot of weed to keep these bitches off my mind...  
 step up weed enforcement. pushing forward private prison enforcement. yall get it yet 
 white house says feds will step up marijuana law enforcement... 
  my baby ilysm  need to have a midnight smoke sesh again
 im a joker im a smoker
 mad respect for anyone that can do smoked chops well. so easy to dry out. 
 who else wants to see hickenlooper and trump in a cage match to the death over legal weed
 on a day where the white house said greater enforcement will come to recreational marijuana  one seattle pot ship 
  white house sees greater enforcement on recreational marijuana
 if more people smoked weed  maybe we could all relax a lil bit. everyone always so wound up about everything. take a chill pill
 gen. sessions today crack down on fed reg of marijuana  and go back to private prisons. keep people in cages so someone else can make 
 confused... states get more rights regarding bathrooms for transgender ppl but feds get rights when it comes to marijuana contradiction
 niles resident who suffers from ptsd due to domestic violence says medical marijuana has turned her life around. 
 @wunderground wutv  i want to put weed and feed on my lawn on galveston island. are we past any chance of a freeze
 so with the environment they said the fed overreaches...leave it up to the states.  so why is weed different   wh 
 with how blown up weed is on the networks its hard to remember that anything up to a half ounce is still a misdemeanor possesion offense
 i truely feel bad for you if you cant smoke weed around your family
 i just want weed in my life rn
 idk how yall smoke. so unattractive
 i smoke out family  not friends...
 i need to smoke  i am not in the best mood rn 
 jobs in cannabis ok but civil rights disaster continues without full legalization @potus why not meet w advocates  
 @macandcheeks im always scared of someone smelling the weed im rolling and snitching
 tryna find some cool people to smoke with
 im like that annoying weed that sprouts inbetween the concrete alltho life keeps spraying me w killer  i can literally fight thru anything
 and the oscar goes to  cannabis tasting menus. see what else is happening in la this weekend 
 somebody come over and smoke with me
 @lourdeuoeno smoke one blunt with me and we have a deal
 when you see people leave there kids unattended to smoke weed. lmao. but im a bad mom right nah bitch. you just trashy.
 rn i just want some weed and sushi
 someone also wrote to me that im mentally ill bc i smoke weed  how 
 i dont find people that smoke attractive or cute 
 @loltitty ask them to help out w  or hangout w then n dont smoke but idk its just weed itll come back around
 i smoke a zip everyday but i cant keep up w a lighter 
 ...i have a mild addiction tooooo strippers amp weed. 
 spicer expect to see greater enforcement of federal marijuana law 
 spicer expect to see greater enforcement of federal marijuana law 
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement 
 my dad is fr tryna get me to smoke his bong w jack daniels in it 
 my dad was about to give me a pound of weed and then decided against it. like you cant do that to me 
 lol tavares gets smoked but then draws a penalty alright
 watch angela rye keep it  on the presidents new federal marijuana enforcement initiative.  somebody say freedom. 
 gone be mad i smoke this blunt without her.
 i need friends to smoke with
 never even had weed close to me 
 i just smoke amp chill....
 need more ppl to smoke w
 @realdonaldtrump  mr president please do not interfere with recreational marijuana. let us the people decide for our selfs. thank you
 everyone asking me to please smoke before work more often cuz i havent said a gat damn word his whole shift lmao
 but fr if i was the friend id suck it up and get smoked out everyday 
 bruh you know i fw this nigga i saved this bag just to smoke wit fam tomorrow @coolassjiggy
 i wish i had more friends that smoke and enjoy smoking me out
 need to find nky friends who are down to smoke a fat blunt amp go into nature amp explore with me accepting applications now pls
 cant interfere w states rights when it comes to kids. but marijuana  then theyll step in. this admin is just on 
 im a joker im a smoker im a midnight toker i get my lovin on the run
 drink  smoke  swim  tan  chill 
 someone give me some hipster vibey smoke sesh kinda songs they like
 i come home to balloons with all my friends  pizza weed gifts and treats i just love them i feel so thankful rn
 @0riginalprince idk im a picky eater i cant describe it but like the weed takes over the flavor of the brownie 
 been demonized with the marijuana kind  not that theres anything wrong marijuana. 
 somebody come smoke with me
 yall breaking up with ppl bc they dont drink or smoke  lol wow
 when bitches dont inhale their weed but tell me i cant hang  
 yall got weed friends 
 i think the best part about getting over being sick is finally being able to sing again without sounding like an offkey parrot that smokes
 people are gonna keep smoking weed regardless... oh   just keep fighting the good fight. 
 spicer expect to see greater enforcement of federal marijuana law 
 smoking weed is my only escape  i cant do no other drugs cause im scared lmao
 the impact of pot felt in the state as @presssec hinted at greater enforcement of recreational marijuana nationwi 
 want somebody to smoke wit me 
 new chain smokers song with coldplay is hella good but imma hate it once its over played
 this is sad... i swore id never buy weed but my friends are too broke 
 if you think that girls find weed smokingselling attractive you need to reevaluate your life my dude
 i be needing a smoke buddy sometimes cause all this ft be having me feeling like a zombie 
 hate u bitches who always tweeting bout smoking but never put down on anything.. only time yall smoke is when u getting sparked 
 bitch you smoke reggie we cant hang
 shelby is my best friend bc she pulls over in hollywood to give me the little bit of weed she has so i dont have to scrape kief 
 just tryna smoke with my peoples but nobody around or can hang so guess its lone wolf time
 no smoke  @smokepurpp 
 for those of you who were yapping about what i had on the smoker  
 drank margaritas at taco cabana and smoked a blunt w my friends so you know im feeling good. 
 drank margaritas and smoked a blunt w my friends so you know im feeling good. 
 i dont need weed to chill im chill asf regardless
 guys really hit up girls to come over and smoke   maria from state farm
 ppl never wanna be ya friend they just wanna buy ya weed  nofriends
 i wamt company but just smoke nd cuddle nothing else lol .
 aye come smoke a j with meh  
 me trying to explain how i can believe in god and smoke a blunt in the same breath  
 so..my best friend had weed okay then.
 boy this is luke skywalker whos your daddy og kush me ... dude i just want some weed chill w all that
 kobe bean bryant.... his parents had to be smoking the highest grade of weed to come up with that.
 i guess ill drink me some oj and vodka since i cant smoke 
 ill smoke ah 1882 before i even thinc about grab ah wood
 lol  hush ion like woods and plus i bet you wouldnt be able to keep up w my smoke issues 
 whoever i see somebody make a who tryna match post i assume the rolling up a .5 because why you cant smoke alone 
 whenever i see somebody make a who tryna match post i assume they rolling up a .5 because why you cant smoke alone 
 they should upgrade kaimuki field  we need a more nicer place to drink and smoke on the weekends. 
 im really trynna smoke rn.
 i ran outta weed. fuck
 nobody tryna smoke yall lame af 
 rayne doesnt drink or smoke and idk how he does it in this day and age. sober existence is harrowing
 girls that smoke are 
 yo weed is legit legal now. got rolled up on and had a friendly conversation with the cop 
 i chose weed over some friends and it was possibly the best decision i think ive made dont @ me
 i smoke hella blunts w my tat guy
 fuck you trump you cant find anything else better 2 do then fuck with ppl that smoke bud. go after the heroin dealers.. ur a dick
 a girl who brings you food and smokes you out 
 @smokepurpp come to the holiday inn an smoke diz skunk
 except when it comes to marijuana  immigrants  trade and just about anything else where trump will arbitrarily incr 
 @big3rollup  tbh all mac and right doing is weeding out jits for jimbo. jimbo  will let yall know who you get to keep later 
 i suggest yall start listenin to smokepurpp
 carti lil pump smoke purp see u tonight
 @realdonaldtrump give pot smokers jobs without bias.. you employ drinkers and sell demon alcohol hoping someone handles it.. smoke up..
 dont invite me to a party if i cant smoke there 
 when i got out of work  jake had weed and blunts waiting for me and he cant even smoke.. thats love
 i need more girl friends to smoke with 
 ever been high  smoked somebody else weed  and the high was gone
 they claim states rights unless its abortion  marijuana  or anything else they disagree with or democrats believe 
 @georgetakei i have a hard time believing trumpers are big pot smokers. i mean  they wouldnt be such angry assholes then  right
 so can we please use facts to inform our decisions and not lie to the american people that marijuana is equal to or 
 i wish i had girl friends who smoked here lol
 why do i think guys that smoke are so attractive 
 lol damn them jamaicans always complaining bout me smellin like weed
 had sooooo many bitches tryna get me yesterday  them drinks amp weed had me feeling riiiiiighhhhttt so im paying for it 
 want to start your application for medical marijuana in florida contact me @igersjax 
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement ... seems to be causing a general sell off in marijuanastocks
 ayo im super geeked.   coffee  weed is something else
 wh spox says greater enforcement coming to weed states. my story about what it means for nv  wlots of reactions 
 i needa smoke
 @ohnoshetwitnt you forgot the devils weed
 met most of my friends at school    in cigarette smoker spot lol
 uppercutted him as we were getting up and busted his nose  he didnt want no mo smoke and his friends were tugging on him to leave.
 when u meet new friends at school in the cigarette smokers spot  typical
 i drink with smoke still in my lungs lol
 the album so fye i wish i could roll one up and smoke to it
 something just like this by chain smokers and coldplay 
 trump bouta come after yall weed...even in states where its legal
 got addicted to selling drugs marijuana amp coke momma washed her hands amp let me go. @boosieofficial
 and i cant even smoke weed which is what fixed 100 of those problems for me
 maybe i should come over and we smoke  
 when ur best friend shows up to ur house w weed and lucky charms 
 someone hang lol i got weedies
 i get da best weed in masschusetts rn 
 yall niggas be letting women come to yall house  smoke all yo weed  get a glass of liq amp leave. fucking chumps 
 i come home to my parents discussing their medical marijuana stocks.....what has life come to hahaha
 when you buying yo cousins old hoopdy amp all she did was smoke that good shit so you gotta get out before you pick up the church folk 
 cant stand cigarettes or when people smoke them in my presence
 drive thru smoke shops
 @joshwolfcomedy will be legal to smoke in the toilet. problem solved.
 2 blunts dont do shit to me unless im facing it lol cant smoke 2 with someone else and be high i just be mellow
 yall live for bitches and blunts. we live for weed and money.
 cause they want us all to consume that gmo weed amp ruin our reproductive systems and insides no thnx beloved 
 oh you smoke more gas than me you must be hallucinating.
 i keep weed  lol..
 @yourboyiann dont really have none tbh i was jus gunna go smoke on this rooftop spot i have on w37th street then just gunna grab some drinks
 @ava guessing this has something to do w impending punishment of marijuana users.
 yeah i dont work or do anything outside of school so smoking weed and drinking is my life
 niggas think stinkteam some type of gang lmaoo . we just some seniors who like to smoke up 
 more of a smoker but i drink wine so both 
 i needa smoke an ounce to the fucking neck. 
 i wanna smoke but idk if the pool guy has come yet
 the same guy that offered me weed now is asking for my mit essay.....
 lol ok nigga damn im about to smoke if i send you a pic im sure you could weigh it n tell me how high it gets you 
 who tryna smoke somebody come scoop 
 whytamu i really really enjoy getting smoked with 16 of my best friends every morning.
 lets smoke aint shit else to do 
 ima have a real deal smoke out 
 @snoopdogg @ravenfelix @youngrobstone @hotnewhiphop i just dont have nothing else to do but smoke weed pick 
 @adamv680 @itsgabrielleu oh like they do with marijuana heaven forbid someone wants to get high 
 spicer i do believe youll see greater enforcement of federal marijuana laws
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement 
 i be smoking rapper weed wit my gang
 mexicans  muslims  news  transgenders and weed smokers are all labeled enemies to the american people now. awesome lets keep maga.
 wish i had somebody to smoke wit
 i dont smoke anymore but every once in a while ill hit the bong and that shit got me feeling good asf 
 this aint no friday. come in like worm. pull up and smoke me a nigga
 serious question can the feds really target rec weed while leaving med alone when theres literally zero diff legally @ federal level
 dating in la is dead ass pointless just keep weed amp liquor at the crib for the after the club stragglers amp live a life of lust.
 me and shanti always find someone weed to smoke lol i stg
 @gabbygaleone except when ur best friend is in the air force and u cant smoke together fuck u amp this tweet
 better stop smoking weed everyone  youll get addicted to heroin.
 one of the most stressful feelings is opening up the grinder not remembering you smoked it all.
 cant smoke weed so i smoke blacks and idgaf 
 whats that one 21 savage song that has the smoke alarm with no batteries ringing in the background lol
 me when my man smokes without me 
 alright hold the fuck on....  first plan b now weed nigga i havent even had the chance to enjoy it legally in texa 
 so to everyone thats gonna go see carti and smokepurpp add me on sc so i be there in spirit  @ brianatrujilloo
 somebody come smoke wit me 
 @spencetology you ever notice all but 2 of those names are feelings when you smile marijuana
 a friend o mind sent me a snap of him exhaling ganj smoke and i think i got a contact high.
 @rachbsilverman @vivelesavenir the one where weed is a family tree of users because everyone is introduced by someone else i love becker
 when ur friends leave to smoke a wood but u was in class taking a test so miss out on it so u just there like  
 omg im so pissed  like dont come sit on the bench beside me and smoke. have so respect
 cant mess with you if you smoke  breath gone be smelling like everything but toothpaste
 lil kim would smoke he ass 
 i smoke the best hold my chest. @boosieofficial
 some people will do anything to smoke  they will go without eat to smoke a blunt 
 somebody give me ride to airport ill smoke you out and i got gas 
 a perfect moment in time is like smoke. you cant grasp it. you cant capture it. you can only 
 someone around me in traffic smells strongly of marijuana.. and i have to say im quite envious
 i need to link with mira like now  i need to smoke before i hurt somebody feelings
 wish i had friends that actually wanted to hang out n smoke with me
 patron and some weed  
 need friends that are down to smoke and chill whenever 
 this song  ganja  lt3 
 just cause a girl likes to smoke doesnt mean she gotta do something to get it lol 
 100 if i say i just need to chill and smoke for a minute it means i take one 1 ht and stare at the wall playing crly re jpsn
 if i was so damn stingy with it i wouldnt spark you up and on top of that  give you some so you can smoke later
 you ever see somebody smoke weed like just weed  only weed.
 i need to smoke with somebody who aint talked n about match me lol
 yall crazy lmao i would never stop smoking weed for a girl
 bout to blast some weed w @fukevins mom 
 fam got smoked  
 rolling up and @kirkfranklin comes on and i just starting singing i didnt even realize i was getting it so hard to  gospel tryna smoke lol
 @liltunechi performing live @bellcotheatre mile high city smoke out meet me there lets get litty tonight 
 once i was on a date and the guy goes i have nothing else to talk about so im just going to smoke a cigarette
 how can the gop crack down on recreational marijuana when their own leading figures are this high in a public forum 
 is weed smoking a deal breaker for you
 everyone in here is shittin on weed and one lady is defending it. one of the only 2 i like. go figure.
 tonight in chicago   smokepurpp   playboi carti   lil pump .... fuck
 free weed is the best weed. i love my friends 
 all i be wanting to do is smoke when im upset. and when shit get in the way of that i really be pissed off.
 yeah i promise once you start smoking out of those you wont wanna smoke outta anything else 
 theres just some people you cant drink with. and theres some people you cant smoke with.
 girl lt patron amp weed
 does smoke high stand you up
 anybody else feel weird when youre about to smoke hashish see ya in the am.
 how tf you smoke your last blunt w your friends instead of your girl on a friday night...
 will i live to see tomorrow am i falling off i hit the weed and proceed to say fuck all of yall
 smoke  alot of weed to keep the dumb shit off my mind
 cant even smoke   im sick
 tony weeds the best pizza place out here
 why do women on tumblr who smoke record themselves takeing a hit and tag other friends to take a hit.... lol shit funny to me
 i cant believe some random ass old couple from canada gave me weed in vegas  its actually bomb as fuck too
 i smoke too much the problems of a twenty something. i drink too much theres liquor pouring from the faucet.
 everyone  just chill out  my weeds kickin in...ok  c a r r y o n
 runnin thru charlotte. smoke it
 i just need to smoke tbh
 cant believe @maddyweaverr invited weed
 i cant stand non smokers  they be actin like me smokin finna kill they ass
 im in uw somebody smoke with me
 you cant smoke marijuana 
 come through weed 
 part of me say smoke and chill  other half say fuck it lets bar hop.
 honestly we dont have to smoke  just to meet him and have a conversation.
 like why cant females just talk about music amp smoke weed all day rather than talk shit about everyone amp everything 
 i needa smoke  too much on my mind at the moment.
 all i need rn is to be with a good group of friend and smoke and just converse. like really  be my friend lol.
 i aint got friends to do shit liek this with  like wtf im nice and funny and i just wanna smoke and buy you food 
 all i need rn is to be with a good group of friends and smoke and just converse. like really  be my friend lol.
 you know spring really comes when u can smell weed on foss hill again. 
 someone come over and jump on the trampoline and smoke a bowl with me 
 its too bad trump cant figure out how to invest in rec cannabis. sorry. idiot is in charge of the dea. if hes not making  watch out.
 so glad the @memgrizz slept thru trade deadline. then get smoked by @pacers after a week of rest. need to rethink my season tickets
 @larryt1940 lkets give trump time amp benefit of the doubt i believe he will help us to get hemp legal we need to believe him let him work
 final thoughts  orange hill ganja. because im disabled doesnt mean im a prisoner in my body @jointventurestv 
 just rolled the fattest wood and no one to smoke it with
 neeeeeed weed. neeeeed to smoke. fuck.
 do you drink or smoke
 @domizdope i dont smoke fam
 somebody hit the movies with me i have weed 
 you never notice the weed smell in your house until a family member stops by hooboy
 yall smoke mid definitely cant relate
 girls who smoke  @lizziedziubak 
 when you smoke with people who cant hang ltltltltlt 
 despite the normal retail woes and stresses  i have to remind myself on rough days  i sell weed. legally. thats pretty damn awesome
 idk why all the niggas that sell weed loafing rn
 i wish i had some friends that were down to smoke rn.
 someone come over here pls amp smoke w me my everything hurts
 its hella irritating how i cant smoke in this rental
 my stepbrother and his gf smoking he keep saying you wanna smoke want me go inna house so you can hit the jay like nah bruh im straight lol
 i just bought weed for my cousin and rolled her a blunt. she lights up in her room and dont even offer a hit. family really aint shit lol
 females look more burnt out because they will smoke anything
 chicks cant hold they smoke 
 i need some find something to eat so when i smoke i dont have to leave back out. i cant operate my life when im high.
 girls who smoke weed 
 why does everybody smoke pot
 im at smoke daddy  @thesmokedaddy in chicago  il 
 i am genuinely jealous of anyone who can smoke weed without feeling any anxiety. i had to quit because i no longer enjoyed it and ugh.
 poor matt had to deal with my bitchness till i got my weed
 i dont beg friend weed is my best friend
 ive been wanting to smoke all day when it comes to the moment. im to lazy to get out of my house
 muhfuckers be so scared to smoke they weed maaaan
 i cant wait till i get my place so i can smoke whenever i want where ever i want
 i needa smoke
 wow these kids are super duper cool and id love to hang out w them  definitely everyone whenever u post pics of weed on snap.
 i smoke weed cuz life sux
 bouto get some weed amp take it in
 when bae comes thru with good weed amp guacamole
 man  cant a girl just get weed 
 my friends are really arguing  rn in amp im just trying to smoke this blunt    i luv them haha 
 i cant believe just blaze just got smoked like that smh
 hope i dont smell like weed bc when sene comes home 
 last yr got expelled from dmk for walking on w weed  
 we got 2 grams of weed  and a pineapple hat  were fine
 glad i have girl friends that smoke me out too thats real shit. glad my few friends i have are so down .
 the past guys would get mad at me if i wouldnt smoke or drink with them.
 @tgivonte lol oh im just drunk tbh  i dont smoke
 can somebody come sell me some weed
 just a simple question. when you loan someone money do you expect cash back or do you expect weed or pills
 i know how to hold a grudge  i can send a bridge up in smoke
 my name is joker  habitual smoker.
 @mollylambert where do you get your weed from asking for a friend
 i vape bc im a former smoker amp need something in my mouth. readloser so i got this deal. and this weird convo f 
 the weed be getting the best of me 
 drink until i see jesus and ima smoke a wood with him hehe im drunk alreadyyyyy
 its like i can never drink or smoke without my body to start hurting an shit
 how often do you see me on anything besides weed
 i need me some girl friends.. that just want to chill and smoke 
 lt especially when its my weed and people let hella smoke out
 yall hoes can smoke half a blunt and be gone out ya mind 
 @amandaflorent you know im drunk out my fuckin mind lmao and im mad cause i wanna smoke
 keys to success always host the smoke session so you can smoke all the roaches once everyone leaves.
 not everyone who has developed a problem needs marijuana you know lol
 okay someone in my hall is smoking rn because i just got an overwhelming whiff of weed all of sudden 
 shout out to the guys who took me amp em into their home  rolled the blunt  and let us smoke in there too. u is real 
 how do u get kicked out of a place for smoking weed   that everyone smokes at 
 @hittheswan or wild thought you could hang out with the friends who dont smoke and love you just as much.. just a thought
 i be smoking rapper weed wit my gang
 you have me addicted like hennessy  addicted like weed 
 i really believe weed helps me combat so much because without it  i be on some other shit.
 @postopinions @washingtonpost this is such a drummed up absurd issue  it must be smoke amp mirrors for something really worth reporting about.
 weed really isnt for me i be feeling depressed when i smoke 
 i need one of my homies that understands the moon cycles to smoke n vibe with me and tell me why im such a mess rn
 @scarcedwriter come smoke and help us paint lmao
 @scarcedwriter come smoke
 @dougs1946 @reuters not a smoker. what else you got
 i cant believe i have to go another day without some smokes. this suuuuuuuuucks  huge  donkey balls. 
 i just want you to come over   roll me something to smoke
 feel sorry for the dudes w girls that are out here constantly thotting without their knowledge  i smoke this one for you
 ive not slept that bad in a longass time and i didnt drink or smoke so go figure l o l
 you can tell the reaper ima meet him when he send for me with a cleaver and a .30 and some twisted weed  i pick one 
 yes  as always lots of smoke screens to cover up the truth. somebody is running scared.
 im addicted to weed and twitter.
 all that linkin up just to smoke dead asf
 since none of you bitches wanna help me kove this furniture dont come to my shit to smoke got me fucked up 
 i need girl friends for real lol. a bitch just wants to go grocery shopping amp smoke a backwood
 invest your money less on weed and more on stamping your passport
 hey @agowa and all you cannabis lawyers out there. ive got an idea of a direct attack on fed regulation of cannabis. lets do this medmj
 this weed really got me feeling like i understand spanish. hwc
 @tristanmonte98 @1980dorothy @realdonaldtrump if they come for our weed there will be serious problems. 
 somebody come work out amp smoke with me
 i have weed an no friends lol
 please help i need hangover help im so dead also i know smoking weed would help but i need to study so i cant
 if all you do is smoke weed  drink beer  go out to parties  you a basic bitch.
 tb to when the grower shot so much weed we rolled joints as cigarettes and our woods were rolled w however much weed u can fit in it
 somebody smoke with me today. ill scoop
 plz smoke w me i have  in the bank but its closed 
 my girls dont even drink or smoke.  lmaoooo. like at all.  if they do its wine. yall goofy as hell. 
 cant find my wallet or my weed 
 @youngkarlatho @graciellla this is when we smoke w @uriely2k 
 i love it when people come to the mayflower smelling like weed its honestly so funny
 oh yeah i still cant find my weed
 ooh you smoke more weed than me you must be hallucinating
 chilling to me is smoking weed so stop coming to chill empty handed whores
 @greggrimes @ruckusorlando thats for smoke approved by the front office.
 will somebody plz come find the weed i lost
 ion smoke no more so i be feeling contact frfr 
 @kejabeja okay well bring me the weed and you keep the money
 its my friends weed liesteenstelltheirparents
 @zammnma lmao thats what im saying. i have a feeling nicki is about to bring the smoke.
 i love thunderstorms. someone come over and smoke and chill in bed with me 
 being passionate about your aspirations is not lame  its honestly sexy bc everyone in this town just smokes weed and tries to sound deep.
 ayeee my cousins bought me weed lol for my bday
 come get some wraps for your weed. made out of weed starship 
 how dare u tag me and not feed me this in ampout happy meal with weed on the side thepain  @onlinedispensry 
 bro being lame so trash .. always get  hit with the  got weedfood   response when i ask to hang ...
 come thru and smoke crack wit me
 im mad cause i done hid the weed and now i cant find it 
 i really cant believe im missing weed xanax and money 
 its honestly so nice out. i feel like going by the river to smoke and drink some modelos lol
 yall really out here wasting weed like this like fr this what yall do on yall free time 
 @dedwino if meth made ppl this attractive everyone would smoke it
 yall scared to tell your parents i smoke ive told my mom i took 4 xans  help me up the stairs or im setting up on the landing tonight
 anyone know of any bad bitches that are single looking to smoke good weed asking for a friend.
 only true stoners know that its better to smoke after you eat...gotta keep that high up
 i need female friends that i can smoke with
 jhi in my feelings but imma be out of em after i smoke this gas 
 how would yall talk to girls if smoking wasnt a thing so tired of people hittin me up to smoke me up cuz im attractive like bye
 left my weed which means i cant even smoke to calm myself down rn wow im so lucky.
 needa smoke just to get through this stupid ass final.
 just bought an eighth for myself since i have no friends to smoke and chill with in sm
 if we cant vibe and smoke to music like this together  we cant be friends. 
 lol the family i nanny for are on vacation so i went to feed the cat and the dad left an envelope of weed for me i love my life sometimes.
 when you smoke before hitting the gym lol i keep spacing out 
 two postal carriers and marijuana organizations charged with bribery in connection with marijuana trafficking 
 oh you smoke mo dope than me you must be hallucinating 
 you could be standing in the sun chilling wit weed and you still gone have a good time.
 where tf the weed vegas  yall playing games
 they say u cant be addicted to weed but dawg this here an addiction.
 gets on facetime w best friend me what kinda beer you want  kristynn i just bought beer amp lets smoke a blunt  fave phone calls
 @npunty idk what weed is even
 @thetipsyhippy come smoke with me.
 everybody a remy ma fan now cool. ima go smoke though.
 smoking weed while off the perk30 have you feeling good asf amp on good bullshit
 my friend just slapped me for taking a bar. i need more friends in life who will slap me if im on a bar  or smoking weed and even cigs
 determined to find someone to chill with tonight  got smoke got money got food ready for whatever someone fucking hit me uppp
 why is everyone on my social media outside smoking a joint rn maybe i should go outside and smoke a j
 who got tha weed in florida
 parents need to be less pissed about finding some weed  and more pissed about their sons treating girls like shit
 i need to smoke more than anything rn
 drink my beer and smoke my weed
 bill walton always reminds me of a guy who escaped from a home and stole a lot of weed. cant stand that guy.
 im sitting at a park eating ice cream w my best friend amp a home girl came and sold us weed amp edibles w a playground right next to us
 gonna mass spam my feed of pics of me and muh weed 
 idk weed ain legal.. i had back pain all day today.. i rolled one blueberry kush and now my back feeling better..
 medicinal only keep ya wack ass local weed away from my pure soul 
 someone come overrrr amp smoke tf out w me 
 mikey smokes the best weed 
 who wants to smoke w me 
 @pornhub a pornhub sticker would be pretty sweet on my weed box  just sayin. 
 someone come match or just come smoke with me and @mayorshawn we got the spot and crud
 somebody smoke this backwood w me 
 pls do not come around me if you smoke cigarettes 
 girl same   cant even purchase some damn weed from someone without them catching feelings... smh 
 bruh y life so boring i could smoke weed all day n still be bored as shit
 im just tryna smoke rn
 about the smoke amp just chill
 i will look for you....i will find you..... amp i will smoke you 
 date night @ smoke shack in wauwatosa  wi 
 really wish i had some chill ass female friends that smoke  where yall at
 i need to ditch my parents house and smoke some weed pronto
 i need to stop leaving my weed out my sister keeps getting m
 i feel like the only time @kaidynfoster tweets is retweeting something about weed or laughing at something ally says to me 
 i cant drink smoke or eat cheese this week ask me if im pissed off i dareeeeeee you
 lets smoke some woods
 if you believe in your plants they will grow twice as strong or youll probably remember to weed them regularly
 i just smoke and fucking sing and everything else doesnt matter much to me
 i just smoke and fucking sing and everything else in between doesnt matter much to me
 been a week now without ganja.  the withdrawal is starting to get a little better
 come over and smoke
 @therealjuicyj what do i have to do to smoke with you before the show
 wish i had friends to smoke w
 i hope none of my friends smoke cigarettes in 2017.
 i told kevin if he could find a fake i would literally pay for us to go to cannabis cup but his dumbass wont 
 whats that place called where u eat little icecream balls and smoke comes out first to reply gets 50
 @hightimesmag plz retwt wanna get start on your medical marijuana application ... find a place you trust 
 all of these bartenders keep asking me for weed bc im high haha no chill
 somebody come to my hotel room and smoke me up.
 why cant i find any fucking weed in this stupid town
 my niggas savage and wild they ah smoke you like a blackie mild
 somebody come to bourbon amp branch amp let me use their lighter so i can smoke 
 lets smoke rn
 you cant smoke a black and mild with me get in the could wit me
 come smoke
 somebody needs to have a smokeback
 someone ft me while i smoke this mild 
 and yes  i make the best weed selections. nobody i know is on me. that goes for the squad as well
 my biggest issue in life is that i cant smoke wed whenever and where ever i would like
 when you mom got the weed vape on deck
 1111 smoke with alicia tbh
 lol my best friends are bad influence always making me smoke and drink
 someone come get me and lets ride and smoke 
 @100dollarscrill know they when they come out they gone smoke awesome
 people that smoke amp drink 
 somebody come smoke one wit me. match sum
 a i needs a bag of weed just something chill  some company. 
 all i needs a bag of weed just something chill  some company.  gnash
 i keep it  because i cant remember my lies i smoke too much .
 i smoke on the best smoke
 every section imma turn it to a smoke session
 come smoke  
 wish i could smoke n drink
 its funny talking to my parents about weed lol
 sumbody fye me up im weedless rn
 who can deliver me weed rn
 who wants to come get dutch bros with me and maybe smoke some blunts
 yo i need friends lol. friends who smoke and can stay out late and down to go random places.
 we cant smoke in the house because shes got tyroid problems lmaoooo
 cutting some of the weeds outta my garden for this years harvest
 walking around west hempstead with a 12 delirium tremens can wrapped in a napkin talk about that classy trashy aesthetic..
 i done ran outta weed  now i need a plug in old atlanta..
 im just tryna get smoked out w my girl lol
 when ur sister doesnt let you smoke w her gtgtgtgt 
 close the door we cant the weeds out
 the pressure to not live up to the stereotype is hard because all of my coexisting conditions have me even more fucked up than the weed
 people who smoke in the dorms and expect to not get caught are so fricking funny to me
 i need me a girl to smoke with
 cant get a text back unless its about weed smh yall wack asf
 wish i had a shorty to smoke dis jay w 
 i love when ppl text me late af asking to smoke....you already know im up bihhhh
 who wants to smoke rn
 somebody come smoke this loud with me imma pull up
 telling on everybody that sell weed in br
 spicer to media you cant come to my party media your party sucks anyway loser  we will be outside w the smokers.  trumprussia  resist
 but i do got this lil fat backwood im about to smoke  come smoke w me
 somebody smoke me 
 how am i in mexico and cant get no weed 
 come chill amp smoke fat with me
 need to smoke rn
 whos tryna smoke rn 
 i am trippinggg  i am sooo drunk  opened the cabinet and jumped bc thought it was about to fall.  idk if i had kava or weed..
 my friend wants me to go over amp smoke w him and his friends lol
 everybody knows she only drinks alone  and she only smokes when she drinks
 someone come help me smoke my weed
 addicted. like hennessy. addicted. like weed.
 would you drink w nigga do you smoke weed 
 mad i cant smoke type shit
 will someone  smoke a city w me rn 
 one of my managers told me she and her friends smoked sage growing up by got mad when i mentioned weed. lmao times are changing
 told my bro come roll wit me cause you can smoke wit me 
 weed is cheap even doe something iget my weed for free
 aw my friends got boyfys n im here with the money amp my weed like  they dont argue back  
 @charliebakerma i want to thank you for standing w the will of voters rg.legalization of marijuana bc you stand w us  we will stand wyou
 somebody smoke this backwood w me
 who trying to come smoke with me this morning. yall know i keep that good      @ kent 
 lets drink mimosas and smoke some tree sundaymorning
 everyone talks shit because i like to smoke weed amp shit but thats better than being the average club rat every weekend
 all my friends got boyfys n im here with the money amp my weed like  they dont argue back  
 i needa smoke 
 i dont do shit but work  smoke  and chill lmao everything else is irrelevant to a nigga
 shower  meal  smoke  chill...
 cant believe this day and age people still smoke in vehicles with kids. pissesmeoff
 @sethington @rapsheet dwyer smoked everybody right  lol
 best part of this is the kid in a josh smoker jersey. 
 follow up c smoker song  poor mans coldplay with a haircut. i really hope there isnt a rich mans coldplay though. 
 if you cant keep up w the amount of pot i smoke a day it probably wont work out  shrugs
 yall im tryna smoke what my granny smoking cause she on that stuff this morning
 my mom deadass put me cousin in a rehab clinic cause she smoke bud.....my cousin....lmao she bugging
 i be smoking rapper weed wit my gang
 smoking weed on a plane thats the best high
 @monoxide420life @dizzlette you wont keep that mind positive and just be very very subtle bout the weed its not even that harmful rly..
 but yet hanna doesnt do anything but smoke and drink 
 if you smoke to try and look attractive youre already a 3 
 come over   lets smoke
 is pot worse than alcohol is it better to deal with a pothead or a drunk legal weed grown by us farmers amp not smuggled in from mexico
 so stop asking me to smoke   cause imma say yes.  
 my daddy the real plug. he been supplying our weed this whole weekend  thats dead ass my guy
 take a away the weed from ya life and watch how much friends u lose 
 idk  which i hate more ppl who cant handle their liquor or their weed...
 i rolled my first smokeable backwood last night too  but tbh those shits are so fuckin trash.
 hits blunt do you call the friends you smoke with your joint family 
 anything but smoke 
 keep your loved ones close but keep your weed even closer
 find me smoking weed where the wild things are
 he got it smokey asf
 i be wanting to go hoop...then ill smoke and that thought will be gone.
 i swear i meet the people through football and weed
 i just ran into the churchiest douchebag frat boys ever. rn they are talking about how they cant stand that people smoke weed at parties.
 she done smoked wit everybody but me for 3 years son
 i just remembered in the summer my friend lost his grinder so we had to grind the weed in his grandmas blender
 yall friendships must really be boring as hell if all yall do is go over somebody house  play 2k  and smoke mid.
 me n pops all up in which wich smellin like weed.. i dont even smoke
 what is wrong with people that they think its okay to smoke and drink while they are pregnant
 well then... @ mables smokehouse 
 let this be clear i hang out in a apt in the dark with a lot of weed working on 30 songs with 20 people at once listening to myself rap
 having a family that accepts and supports ur weed smoking habit is tight 1010 would recommend
 yes  please and thank you. @ mables smokehouse 
 cant drink when i smoke to much  cant smoke when i drink to much 
 i cant function in life without weed and thats the saddest thing ive had to admit to myself.
 my weed really fell out of my pocket somewhere though so youre welcome to whoever finds it
 tryna find weed on a sunday is hard cuz these new drug dealers like weekends off.
 been ignoring my weed man  stop ft me fam
 my best friend smokey fw dolph so heavy lmfao
 if you smoke around your kids you should be ashamed of yourselves......
 @potus before you make decisions on marijuana  meet with parents that have disabled children and how its proven to help these children.
 now that the smoke has cleared  emotions arent as high and i have a 
 what keeps me alive 1 liter of water  small bag of cool ranch doritos and weed 
 people underestimate how loud my weed is until they try it and cant hang
 the only time i ever regret anything is when i smoke a backwood
 who wants to come over and smoke  ......sike.
 i love how me n my cousins always link up n smoke when i go over lmao
 i need to meet new people who smoke 
 @cnn what else can this fool get wrong yes go after weed. very important.  christ
 i just smoked the best weed. its the best. our old weed was all bad. the worst. and i made a mexican pay for it. best deal ever.
 @elijahdaniel @csydelko will you please come to my birthday party its gonna be a blowout we gonna have weed and male strippers please come
 when everybody and they dad smoke in your phone  
 when you just rolled a blunt  amp you hear one of your friends announcing that youre going to smoke 
 getting my pre oscars drinks rn and a snack then ill be smoking weed throughout the show
 shower  smoke an l  then work gang
 all these problems man somebody get that weed lit ball 
 its a beautiful day to smoke something. not really but its happening. heres the before pic of 
 smellin weed in public and not being able to to participate in the festivities ltltlt
 people  girls shouldnt smoke me high shit only  
 i need to smoke like 10 blunts rn ... cause i need to feel that idgaf feeling.
   ladyterpstar we up here @dabathoncup come smoke wit gang gang  luckydabs707 x 
 @realdonaldtrump leave marihuana alone keep the feds out of it too many benefit physically and mentally from it
 did cowboys smoke chronic reefer kush in the wild wild west
 cant stand cigarette smoke killinyalungs 
 i just got the pitt barrel smoker and i must say  it cooks as good as advertised easy setup  
 cant smoke when i see this shit bruh 
 who else think they can out smoke the dawg 
 i didnt know people come to the daytona500 just to stand at the charging station amp smoke cigarettes...
 all i do is smoke weed and mind my own business so dont come @ me w ur bullshit
 @kevinsportsgeek got smoked today with all the crashes lol 
 he ran outta smoke  so i helped finish the message. lol @disupdates @nascar daytona500 
 best friend i smell something delicious  me me too best friend its weed lmao 
 i need friends on other campuses sau nccu that drive amp smoke  mfs at shaw boringgggg
 i need a pack of joes and some weed
 i cant keep using weed and alcohol to cope that shit is getting bad for me
 i will honestly say that he doesnt like that i drink and smoke weed to deal wit my problems he wants me to talk to someone.
 my uncle come to my house to smoke that shit annoying asf
 @niggauwish when you dont smoke but gotta wait for your girl to smoke with my cousins  
 do you smoke around my daughter im going to quit  she can help you with that really how   hypnosis 
 ill smoke w them lol 
 if you arent a shady ass girl amp you like to smoke pot i need friends 
 everybody selling weed nah
 i have a question for hatters that smoke weed amp live in california i dont smoke so i dont know anything about this  do you need to be a
 cant shit break me and my weed up but a grinder 
 i had just smoked a blunt when my lil sister rolled in asking what that disgusting smell was
 fye duh weed up.
 while i am absolutely sure that the impact was accidental the use of a cell phone and marijuana before the impact 
 my friend is a real smoker lmbo thats crazy 
 who wants to hangout rn and smoke
 somebody smoke me out
 @fuccdacomp drink orange juice and smoke everyday lol youll be better in a few days
 somebody smoke me out for my birthday 
 females always asking for smoke buddys but never have no weed
 ion smoke no mids   ypsi full of that bull.
 deletes sad tweets bc i smoked a blunt n got over it
 phone dry so im finna smoke a perso and chill.
 @gripnsipp lol i never smoked  but used a black n mild for a movie audition prop
 i cant name one of my friends that dont smoke weed lmao
 drink my beer nd smoke my weed but my good friends is all i need
 @tenmeiblade @fishermanfv  1. mcdonalds guy asking for weed from you 2. me wanting to shove an equilateral triangle up your ass
 once u find your favorite person to smoke w  smoking w other people or by yourself is not the same at all
 can somebody scoop me so we can smoke some weed
 i just want some whataburger amp some smoke rn 
 you think you smoked more drugs than me you must be hallucinating
 i need a jay but my weed man talking bout he getting in some cheeks  like bruhhh come on
 you cant smoke no black amp mild with me   get in the car with me you a funny guy dont you even joke around with me. 
 i dont smoke trees anymore so i live vicariously through my stoner friends
 you smoke weed and shoot guns you a whole gangster really josh
 perks amp weed everyday best feeling in the world
 when you rolled up just to smoke w the homies for free amp the blunts been gone a little too long 
 netflix  weed ando chill.
 netflix  weed and chill.
 nobody smokes more than i do tbh
 that weed and liq has me feeling all types of good rn 
 someone should come over and smoke me out w a cigarette
 she only smokes when she drinks she only drinks now and then.
 @hippiegoldberg i wanted to smoke lol ill go find someone else
 @hippiegoldberg it wasnt an insult lmao im just finding someone else to smoke with 
 when you and your friend have plans to smoke and shes taking 10 years and expected me to have a blunt rolled and n 
 cant smoke no rello cause im different
 you too come lol im in a good mood and lets smoke 
 pre roll dipped in cannabis oil  rolled with mr. nice guy amp ghc sprinkled with l
 who would have thought seth rogan could be funny on tv without making a weed joke. oscars
 wish i could find sum weed at the store like you can buy liquor. back to smoking cigarettes since i cant find none.
 fr tho i aint tryna wife no one rn  lets just smoke and chill and laugh and make money
 white house threatens feds are going to step up marijuana law enforcement
 who wants to come over and smoke
 when i need to free my mind  i can find  satisfaction in a bag of weed  everything i need  leave it to the trees  it can make me feel better
 come smoke w us 
 when she bring weed thru and know how to roll 
 i cant even date someone that doesnt smoke gas 
 if all we do is smoke weed together  are we really friends  
 everyone in this house is a pot head besides me and i get yelled at for not wanting to smoke wtf 
 i smoke a lot of weed to keep these bitches off my mind
 or weed  anything to put my ass to sleep right now honestly
 i cant smoke backwoods bi... lmao damn aight
 i only ever smoke w the suite like why dont i know any females who smoke like me at school 
 i cannot believe it i am overjoyed holy smokes everyone my heart
 who gone be around when the smoke clear 
 in need of adventurous friends. and by andventurous i dont mean sneaking out at 4 am to smoke pot.
 can somebody pick me up pls and lets smoke i seriously cant deal being home rn
 i wish i had more friends in austin that are down to smoke lol
 why do everybody smoke now like you damn crackheads. is this a right now thing or forever what example will you be for your future kids
 does someone wanna come smoke me out i really need this shit rn.
 wanted to smoke but everybody sleep 
 cant get it off my mind but movin on hard but weed  god  n music can get me threw
 give me a day alone w no responsibility amp ill do everything in my power to just smoke  do a face mask amp drink coffee 
 i wish i had somebody to call mines.. somebody to talk to  smoke with  feel on and build an empire with..
 i just want somebody i can kiss and smoke with all the time 
 lil pump  smokepurpp  xxxtentacion  ski mask the slump god collabbb would be 
 got no problems   my weed lit got nowhere to go  so we riding we smoke till we cant anymore and keep floatin 
 smoke sesh with the bro but cant smoke out the grinch im so sad hes so mad hahah
 so funny when bitches try to start shit over weed lol get ya petty ass outta here  
 i cant even smoke 
 teammate has such bad karma he cant buy flashes or smokes lol
 filming in a courthouse today and im so glad i left my weed at home cause duh  filming in a courthouse
 @smokesumkdot then the dry shit is she smoke in the house
 i could be high rn but got no place to smoke 
 niggas can make sure they come smoke with you but cant make it to the job interview you got them...  this is why ...tf... the bs
 getting high off the weed always keep my pistol on the side of me and all the real killas gon ride w me and if i die ima die a g
 if you smoke cigarettes i do not respect you at all
 very seldom do i smoke bud sometimes it makes me feel great but i cant deal with the antiambitious thoughts that come with the high.
 nothing grows without hard work except weeds.
 whole lot of marijuana by the bundle
 tryna smoke all this weed before my flight amp its looking impossible 
 @rtfpodcast im my kids role model i go to work daily  dont smoke or drink. how can you be a role model to these kids who youll never meet
 @swangcs lol they got the right head for it haha. pits are like the ogs of smoking. chihuahuas n shit are the smokers who be buggin out 
 i think its funny when someone i know made such a big deal that my friend smokes weed but smokes now 
 i need some new girl friends. if anyones down to smokeamp go on adventures or watch movies  talk about lifeamp existenceamp eat  hmu i got you
 be a real friend and smoke me out
 my car is dead  okay  so i go to jump it off and it starts to smoke.. 
 smoke weed when i got up. proceeded to wet the toothepastr bottle instead of my toothbrush in the sink.
 if someone wants to get me outta my house today thatd be siiiiiiick lets smoke weed in the woods or something g
 we live in a world where people get put in jail longer for selling marijuana than raping someone. you dont see anything wrong with that
 my weed tolerance is getting a little ridiculous
 movin  lil pump x smokepurpp
 smoking weed in utah.... sketchy
 cant smoke no cig in the morning before i hit the weed that shit trashy
 with or without the weed misery should not be part of the equation 
 females just be wanting to smoke and be notice
 whose down to come to vegas wme and work the cannabis cup this weekend youll be getting paid  suite included 21 or a legit fake id
 id rather smoke a .5 of good weed than 2 grams of trash ass weed in one l. yall love smoking bad weed.
 real gun smoke real cookie in best n da city   9375203106
 cant smoke with everybody
 im bringing a 24k gold joint rolled up with some pineapple express hopefully we can smoke that together  that be lit. @isaiahrashad
 i thought i smoke so much weed but my friend dont playyyy w the weed 
 im just tryna smoke but literally everyone boosting so ima just walk to da store n get this bottle
 somebody in hollywood bring me sum mf weed
 who wants to come to my house and smoke cigars there is also whiskey.
 lmaoooooo smokepurpp noooooo  
 someone is smoking so much weed rn i cant stop coughing thx
 breaking news bamas tim williams is a college kid who smokes weed. the only ppl shocked by this had to adjust their spectacles to read it.
 @cannabistu @420intel wow  i never thought of sticking cannabis up my ass. if it works  do it.
 marijuana might claim the fame   marijuana buy me everything  
 best time to smoke 
 @tomellis17 is there anything you cant make look good  i have never smoked in my life  but looking at this pictur 
 never try amp cook a hamburger when youre high  cause you will forget and set off every smoke alarm in your house 
 even this douche agrees   smoke and mirrors get russia back in feed    
 imagine being upset tim williams didnt sit out games because he smoked marijuana.
 need a girls movie night. girls anything. shit. lets smoke and go eat idgaf lol.
 i tried to smoke a black and mild the other day and after 3 puffs i had to throw it away. im officially done smoking anything
 @essence  we really believe russia amp him hacked the election. now he scared they found something. now another smoke screen hide what he did
 whats your favorite way to smoke joint  bong  or something else @ seattle  washington 
 weedpalm. ala guy had weedpalm.
 once yo parents find out you smoke they blame everything you do on weed
 wth theres so much smoke out here amp its hard to breathe..  my voice is already getting hoarse. how are ppl expected to live in this
 never seen someone smoke in the drive thru before. always something new classy
 @ivypow best to smoke out to
 my sister real deal woke me to find her sum weed 
 when youre busy studying but your friends tell you your phone says 420 so we gotta smoke amp they bring out the r 
 of course on my day off all my friends are busy and i cant find any weed  love my life
 @murkmonst3r also because of the way you talk. nflx is not a pump and dump. hahaha keep smoking whatever you smoke...uneducatedpeople
 i needed a drink cause i love marijuana 
 you should smoke a blunt to do anything tbh 
 nick asked me to grind his weed bc he doesnt have a grinder  so i got one for him and let him find it himself bc being extra is all know 
 what does the fox say come see the smokey mountains they are still here findyourpark 
 @jayhawk96 i definitley think we have different takes. they roll in bragg smoking weed and graham with a traffic ticket problem into it
 i cant date a girl that smoke weed unless her credit score above 700 
 never keep weed in your glove box  its the first place youll have to open if you get pulled over. 
 to be clear  i dont care if everyone that ever suits up at alabama smokes pot an average of 12 hours out of the day.
 i feel like everyone thinks its ok to smoke weed or drink. its not cool to me guys.
 which part of leave me alone is confusing for guys no idw smoke w you  no idw talk to you  i love my bf amp my dad who will kick ur ass
 looking hazy west of wichita... i believe were seeing smoke from the fires to our sw being picked up by the strong 
 @maxboot where is the evidence where are the facts all we have are leak after leak after leak of smoke  but absolutely zero fire.
 when you stop smoking weed  that is when you really realize who your real friends are.
 im in class straight smashing rn and im tired asf  good thing i smoked before i got up i this bitch
 someone sell me weed rn
 i spent all my money this weekend and lost all my weed and my other drugs  go me i have 9 in my bank account
 one of my best friends is from haxtun  evacuating the fast moving wildfire we cant see where   is coming from such  thick black smoke
 i really needs to smoke cause im just bored asf 
 were in the d a casino and we cant find any weed what the fuck  mom
 cigarettes kill.. 12 inches of hemp will help.. @chillinlikeacivilian @ spencer  massachusetts 
 cant smoke weed 
 nearly 9 of people that smoke marijuana will become addicted 
 i smoke dough like a chimney 
 would you drink wit a nigga do you smoke weed 
 i just fucked your bitch and rolled some weed thats why im laughin
 im trying to smoke em out. someone w @twitter acting like the russians they seem to get all giddy about. obama gl 
 when your friends randomly come over to smoke you out gtgtgtgt
 the weed store keeps texting me
 my weed got him feeling like this  so come shop with me  
 update 8 my dad has some weed spray that he keeps offering me and i keep denying.
 some1 come smoke a blunt w me
 @keenenarmstead miss u come to my bday party so we can finally duke it out then smoke one
 i needa smoke.
 lmao i love weeds rn
 i could really smoke a weed rn 
 someone come thru and match. tryna smoke fat rn
 i love smoking weed.. like idk 
 for these amp8216marijuana moms amp8217 working in weed lets their families live the high life 
 yall feen so bad that you cant go without weed for 9 months thats sad. 
 everybody got larry everybody smoke cookie  bitch you smoking dirt
 why cant i find anything to smoke s.o.s.
 honestly weed solves all problems... 
 @zachlamacchia i smoke cigarettes amp i cant go a morning without them
 times like this i wish i could smoke cause you need to be high to deal with them bitches i had to deal with earlier
 is it just me or can dudes not live without their weed.. i know a few guys that would choose their weed over their girl
 @girlthatsshayy @lilcurt10 @1krell @morgssssss @astr0n0mical  hell yeah nbs   we need all females to come thru .. we got drinks n weed
 when the gang texts u n says come outside we gon smoke 
 i got my family  my car  my weed and my  like bro what else i need
 i cant smoke if ion have a drink and i cant pop a xan without some lines
 i need someone to smoke with or keep me company rn
 almost everyone who said they would never drink or smoke as a teen... drinks and smokes
 rosa de guadalupe tight niggas are smoking weed in that shit
 this weather got me wanting to get a drink and smoke at the park and chill or something
 flip tha purp n smoke tha og
 come smoke w me 
 and by patchy smoke you mean....  
 juke jam and smoke are like the number 1 @chancetherapper songs that i listen too. i still listen to coloring book front to back sometimea
 corpus weed sux someone send help 
 it owns that most of what we know about cooking with weed is because someone read the recipes in anarchist cookbook amp was like fuckin wrong
 i always think i have a high tolerance until i smoke a bowl topped w kief and a res ball and then i die
 rewind this and just smoke to it whatever u say danny
 harry smokes pot amp the sorcerers stoned  californiamovies @midnight
 theres something about marijuana @midnight californiamovies
 i procrastinate my weed smoking with the best of them
 dude  wheres my weed @midnight californiamovies
 bro the best part of that 70s show is when they smoke in the basement
 ill make a deal wit u ill keep it real wit u only if u let a nigfa smoke and chill wit u
 buff smokes three dudes  including a teammate lol 
 shit have you thinkin... why do i even smoke dawg this shit lame asf  
 when all your friends talking about weed amp rellos so you have to find something else to do
 i feel like the weed is the one thing that helps keeps my mind away from the lies
 somebody bring me a swisher you can smoke if ya do
 why dont the weed dealers im friends with on snapchat understand by now that i am not the target market. yall need an imc crash course.
 can somebody come smoke w me
 cant relate. my parents know i smoke some loud shit. 
 californiamovies its a wonderful life with weed
 @dorkholder95 idk why anyone would smoke that shit lmaoo
 i smoke mad weed  im on my high horse
 why plugs cant keep it professional no more im here for weed  not to fuck.
 i dont beef wtf is that   if its smoke when you see me in the streets bitch you better swing 
 if u smoke we can be best friends. just dont be a hoe and take 40 from me.  
 why do you smoke  to get high duh
 i need a sheet or something. the pac man blessed me and i cant even smoke. im sickkkkkkkkkkkkk dawg
 just need somebody who i could smoke a blunt and chill with.
 @midnight up in smoke californiamovies
 catch me if you cannabis californiamovies @midnight
 my dealer sent his cute ass friend to drop off my weed today and issa bae
 yli wont ever smoke . i always smoke hella around her and she never wanna hit it. 
 all you do is smoke all day i cant fwy
 somebody come and smoke with me  lol
 do i believe that vampires and werewolves exist if jesus created weed then anything is possible..
 you can only find chill ppl to smoke with back home
 when you sit  around lots of weed all the time.. weed is like dirt foreal  its so funny
 dont smoke with mexicans unless you rolled. they put xans in everything
 most of my friends smoke weed. i really only dab so thats not ever an issue. 
 @bleacherreport just let the man enjoy his weed lol
 you know  im still pissed that my roommate lied on her housing application about smoking. she smokes constantly. and it smells.
 lol yall can smoke liquor will be my only vice.
 lol yall can smoke. liquor will be my only vice.
 who has the top secret clearance to find out duh he does pick up the phone this is all for show. smoke and mirr 
 smoking weed in the bathroom is really tight @east
 just cause you smoke hella tree and dab dont mean a thing check ya wallet ya pockets ya bank account.
 i cant explain how important this song has been to me since high school  reminds me of smoking weed beside the swa 
 @matternst34 my sisterinlaw can smell the smoke down in san angelo. yea we can its really strong and theres a haze  like a smoky haze
 facts ppl be such potheads theyll say anything to be able to smoke 
 if you smoke thats fine go do your thing but if you smoke to advertise it to be cool then youre lame honestly
 my weedman dead didnt answer my calls for 2 weeks cause he was salty. like okay bro im bout to go give someone else this money then
 i will live w anyone. gay  messy  smokes weed  parties all night  etc but i draw the line at a roomie who microwaves eggs. its just wrong.
 i need somebody too bring me some smoke  i got the currency
 ...i goes up to the bitch n say now why would u come smoke right next to somebody. she talking bout plz dont start w me today is not the...
 you are as good at creating a smoke sreen as trump.  keep up the good work and youll get to go to florida. get a l 
 somebody smoke and go to ihop with me lol hml
 you cant just smoke wit somebody everyone gotta be fucking lmao
 drive around with your friends  smoke a gram of that haze
 when i drink  aniseto comes out. when i smoke finau comes out.
 i cant smoke w a mf thats constantly on their phone
 when shes cute but all she does is smoke weed and drink 
 when shes cute but all she does is smoke weed and drink 
 making your toddler stand out in the pouring rain for you to smoke a cigarette.. im no expert but....
 sometimes i really wish i had a sister to smoke and do crazy lit shit w.
 when i dont smoke weed im funny but no one else is and when i smoke weed everything else is funny but im not
 yall should smoke a j for me cause its ya girls birthday  imfeeling22
 i have a blunt rolled rn but the real question is who to smoke it with
 i love you baby but please stop smoking all my trees i want to come home amp smoke one with you. lol bigboy live 
 think ima go smoke w my dick out
 ive noticed with dancehall you can get various types of songs happy  sad  angry  love  sexy  nasty  weed etc
 i cant stand smoke to be in my hair  that shit just sit there
 your girl around the weed man and the promoters 247 and that aint raise no red flag for you brother yall better than me.
 @time cant pay rent  need help with food  daycare  ect but out clubbing every weekend at concerts  cigarets  weed no problem
 me you puttin in  my friend no but can i still smoke  me 
 an artists depiction of me when theres a smoke alarm beeping in my apartment building but i cant seem to find it 
 what i dont get is why females argue even fight over a male that doesnt do anything other then fuck you make you laugh and smoke and ride
 my name is joker  habitual smoker
 i treat you like dirt but you blow me off to smoke drink and hang out with whores
 then its yall dont smoke joes
 @fuckingmitch omm   blowing woods the best smoke
 lol yeah i need to smoke a fatty rn
 i roll the best weed i got the best girl
 @cingraham @massroots i suspect the average marijuana consumer would be enraged to get fentynal in their purchase.
 update my locksmith said to blow some joint smoke to let him know where i am at. will do captain.
 well we managed to ruin weed 
 im at urgent care and this male nurse highfived me for liking rhcp and smoking weed lol
 always keep weed
 friday we will meet again marijuana 
 @youngrobstone lets smoke
 yall can smoke weed legally but i cant own a ferret. thanks  state of california.
 oh you smoked more blunts then me you must be hallucinating...
 ringing in my 21st in smoke lawn tonight come thru
 bout to meet up with some classmates to smoke before class and one bought me a 99 shooter
 why is everybody trying to get me to smoke 
 best weed i ever got was here in ri hate going home lmao 
 2 djs  3 performances  free liquor  a shakedown  weed man on standby  a special guest   all kind of other shit  fhito3
 guys help me find out does maggie ward drink and smoke or not its really starting to bug me that i dont know
 funny how ppl exaggerate when it comes to weed just cuz they know i smoke alot...
 i just want some cool girl friends to smoke with like fuuuuq
 wtf if im pregnant best believe im still smoking weed lmao can yall do some research or nah 
 been labeled... now i guess you have to come buy stuff @ wild side smoke shop 
 i cant smoke so weed. 
 so mentally and physically stressed the fuck out lmao. ive notice i smoke a lot more cigarettes ugh kill me.
 spoon w @jimenoacid hiding in the smoke @ the observatory orange county 
 i will really love amp cherish anyone who can help me find weed  im in real deal tears bcuz im scared of this anxiety sneaking up on me
 what do ppl who dont smoke do for fun todays my 3rd day n im bored asf since there wasnt any class today
 can someone come thru w some chicken or pizza ill smoke you out in return doing a lot of shit dont want to get out the zone.
 dont smoke without me  
 really like to smoke blacks w linda   we be talking shit out the ass 
 i honestly and truly believe weed doesnt make you lazy.
 @jhaystrand hes part of all the smoke screens attempted to keep focus off of him
 and i cant be roommates wit someone who has a kids like im tryna t up smoke   drink and all that i cant do that in front of kids sorry
 i nees a ride to my little cousins swim meet in la mirada ill smoke ya out lol
 yes guys i drink marijuana
 just got all our food at carrabbas for free because our waiter made us uncomfortable and reeked of weed. 
 i cant even remember the last time i actually went out with all my friends drinking  now i just be wanting to chill amp smoke 
 how are you supposed to enjoy life if you cant even smoke weed while you do it
 i neeeeed to smoke 
 you ever smoke with a jitt and she come over n as soon as the blunt gone she be like welp i gotta go meet my friend 
 i really wanna go somewhere w. somw fun females but all ppl wanna do is smoke amp sit inna house high like dets not the wave im on .
 see like why cant they just let weed be. fr stop trying to fix something that dont need fixing 
 u smoke them woes too  
 @emvandermeulen or maybe he was the teacher chaffetz ran to  who then called cops to come pick up the smokers
 lil pump amp smokepurpp 
 btw fam we dont have to  smoke if you dont want  to well respect that  and we have fun without drugz 
 how about a day without men or a day without dog lovers or a day without pot smokers or a day without pick up tr 
 everything seem different when you smoke a blunt up
 ive been waiting 5hrs to smoke with my friend amp i have the weed. i cant believe thats its come to this. my patience is lost
 i can smoke blunts without eating. thats how yall bitches get fat.
 really wish i had friends who i could smoke n study w
 whats a worst feeling.. dropping your food or spillin your weed
 girls who smoke cigarettes 
 everybody smoke weed
 damn lil pump and smokepurp r coming up
 something about smoking marijuana amp drinking orange soda is very pleasant to me
 me and my friends are cute smoke with us
 best word for marijuana
 i personally hate facing. smoking alone is boring but then again im not a smoker.
 cant smoke wit this dude lol soberroadtrippin lol
 went got something to smoke and came my asz home its raining too much for me and ppl cant drive
 dont let a pothead smoke for a week amp watch them get wild aggressive and easily agitated....but they not addicted tho
 i need a new friend that smokes weed.
 really hot girl talking to me omg we should hang out yeah do you smoke um... no chancesareruined
 can smoke @ my house but im really about to bc i need to chill out
 no one in my house knows i smoke but they are about to figure it out 
 track girls do be wavy but they weave be smoked  
 yall boys keep flashing your weed on snap stories  ima lmao when yall get robbed 
 well...i had this board for all of one day and let the magic smoke out of arduino nano. looks like i gotta get anot 
 who want smoke  ill roast somebody right now ....
 is it bad for items to have heavy steam  boarderline smoke when coming out of the microwave asking for a friend.
 lmfao n then come smoke on my patio 
 somebody pull up on me smoke some
 @raymondtvland its pat smokes. oh my gosh one funny after another. to many to count. hank and pat so funny. he does fireworks she smokes.
 currently @ aldi w jasmine to buy an apple to smoke out of  lmaaaooo
 about to head to the beach to smoke a couple blunts and joints  getting high at the beach at night is like therapy tbh calms the mind
 since i cant smoke i be drinking  gotta be off something
 that feeling you get when you inhale that smoke
 im so frustrated i just need to smoke amp probs something else 
 i smoke  i drink......
 i cant wait to live in a house where every time i cook something the smoke alarms doesnt go off 
 i only fuck with goofy people which is good cause its pretty easy to weed out those boring ass people lol
 i mean there is just something about southern food  its fried better  its smoked better  its 
 ok temptationtuesdayfamily one show left... and when the smoke clears it may not be what we want to see... keep hope alive hahn
 someone come thru amp smoke with ya girl
 nigga basically everyone i associate with homies  fam  etc. is a smoker lmao
 i cant just smoke w anyone lol i gotta be able to vibe w you
 im ready to smoke 10 woods with my friends this weekend
 when ryley barnier cant smoke weed i am not whole
 if all you do is smoke and drink  without prioritizing i cant fw you
 come thru. get yoself something dope. stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 i just wanna friend i can lay around w and kiss n hold hands w and smoke menthols w wya
 somebody come smoke
 my cousin and i played connect 4 to see who would pay for smoke eaters  and guess whos buying dinnna. @manny002 is 
 connor really comes in my room and says you can smoke with me if you give me a dollar wtf 
 @ojedajose75 @hiimanasshole weed is tight
 real fat ass n she love to smoke that hydro 
 all u gotta do in life is grow your money smoke weed amp chill thas it swear skippa voice
 still cant believe only me mel and sam went to ganja and everyone else went to the lumineers lol we got rail and everything they missed out
 cant even smoke away my problems 
 when you pick up weed from your friend and his mom gives you garlic bread 
 gone keep it real w me chill w me  pop a pill w me   smoke blunt and lay with me.
 i need friends whod be down to match n smoke
 so im asking for a friend but can you smoke xannies
 i smoke a lot of weed to keep them bitches off my mind
 does anyone else get excited about getting off knowing they have smoke at home   i know i do 
 @cnn wouldnt expect him to say anything else doesnt mean very much. being from the other party he is just blowing smoke
 im in jax for the week if anyone wants to smoke hella wheat w me
 family   amp weed 
 just when i thought i ran outa weed 
 my own father doesnt mind that i enjoy marijuana.
 hold on let me smoke about it.
 wish i had friends that was down to smoke hookah rn 
 florida weed is dank as fuck omg lololol
 need to smoke some weed fam
 one of my friends was like come outside and smoke... so i was like hell alright i gotta wait for this chicken anyways might as well..
 need a friend to smoke wit 
 i just wanna produce music and smoke weed with my best friends
 @ryannguyenin come thru and smoke some wit me
 i legit started crying because idk what i would do if something happened to my smokey  
 trynna not to smoke  but god damn everything and everyone is fucking me up
 idk. never smoked  uapbrys17 
 on weed rn
 so to the friends that keep posting your pics with smoke coming out ya nose... knowing u already under supervision... risking ur freedom
 living w my uncle is pretty cool bc he always gives me weed lol
 need cute friends that will smoke amp paint w me  
 someone indulge in this smoke w me 
 i honestly love smokin reefer more than anything else
 @skivur doesnt mean u cant smoke g im in school and i study my ass off but still chief lol
 30 min smoke breaks are the best especially if you dont smoke.
 i just dont get it  i dont smoke so i cant fye yall up
 these weed cookies got me wavy 
 your last name is flores so im not surprised youre addicted to weed 
 girls that smoke weed are hot
 im a joker im a smoker im a midnight toker
 once yo parents find out you smoke they blame everything you do on weed
 @halliejackson thanks for asking the direct  to spicer that broke his programming  keep doing it and maybe smoke will come out of his ears
 fuck all that smoke house hiring yall fill them apps in 
 you gotta smoke outta papers  better than blunts lol . you really get lit  
 my cousins friend somehow convinced me to smoke out of a bong even tho i only fuck with joints and blunts lol
 forever asking mom to smoke with me like she is ever gonna say yes 
 while youre begging devon to come fuck you i wouldve come fucked you and brought an ounce of weed.
 @unknownpenguin i see what you did there. maybe we can remind him that she smoked like a chimney  so he should  too.
 all woodstock kids do is drink and smoke lol
 get this black n mild smoke out my mentions 
 i got so high yesterday i told god if i ever come down from this im never smoking weed again
 sw prof medical marijuana doesnt work for me i cant do it and teach it doesnt work me you can do anything high if you try hard enough
 @zonemadison hang in joe  guilin was just rubbing on some cream like braun. no mention of weed this time
 come smoke w me
 bring me a swisher rn amp ill smoke ya out
 out of all my friend bri be clutch asf with the weed
 someone come smoke w me after school
 julio is cutting the grass at 6am and stealing johnnies job while johnny smokes grass sleeps late and doesnt want a damn job deport john
 give me a ride to see my po i smoke. big blunts w you
 its about time to get everybody back in my studio reassemble the smoke and cypher squad them kickbacks be the best
 stg  if i cant smoke whats the point in going  
 need a girl i can smoke with 
 when ya dad come home and bust the smoke sesh @alysonlane457 
 when the only problem at the moment is trying to figure out what weed u wanna smoke 
 i could never cough when i smoke lmao only when i hit the wood the wrong way. them shits be harsh asf sometimes
 once i sat in the sun to smoke my cigarette cause it was cold outside  my friends said i had to sunbathe cause im cold blooded
 when you keep your weed in the same drawer as your work clothes. keep cool  keep cool 
 because he perform with a lotta smoke  stage lights and an autotune mic  cool 
 yesterday a 5th grader told me that a boy in her class sent her the d pics but she doesnt like him cause hes addicted to weed... wtf
 wish i had weed rn
 just spent 1.5 hours sharing the gospel with our smoke detector inspector. seemed interested. i hope where theres smoke  theres fire.
 so you cant smoke weed if youre pregnant lol where it say that at
 i need a girl friend thats not a back stabbing hoe  wont lie to me  amp is down to just smoke amp chill in my messy ass room w my kitten
 dee and shawn smoke more than anybody ik hands down 
 its all a mind thing tho  i refuse to let anything especially weed get in the way of my bread 
 i smoke wen i got alot of chit on my mind
 now accepting applications for a bff that wants to adventure smoke and get food pretty much 247
 @realjoonie do you drink or smoke
 everybody i know that smoked during their pregnancy got kids with asthma or they 17 amp still cant talk lmao likeeeee
 i need weed edibles pronto
 why everybody think i smoke or drink i never had a drop touch my tounge or inhaled a blunt in my life...
 someone come get this dumbass female. there are 0 reported cases of a person dying from marijuana and alcohol kills 
 no one ever wants to smoke w me. 
 time to smoke weed till i cant stand
 idk why but i just cant stand the smell of weed anymore and these mfs reek
 realizing i real life be busy af between classes amp weed thats all my time 
 let me find out @princessnokia got that gas    and dont wanna roll up  ill smoke with yah
 @delaneyball @thehill focusing on that goal gives us a wealth of options  not just insurance provision. and it weeds out useless insurance.
 someone come smoke this wit me
 oh i smoke weed i must be seein shit aaahh. dont smoke weed youll see mormons. lmao
 @timmacgabhann smoke fuzzy head feeling everyday.
 you smoke i smoke  you drink me too so ma lets slide 
 every blunt you smoke  you should consume 2 bottles of water
 i like to smoke too but damn. yall cant function or hold a conversation without it.
 i find weed in the most random places in my room and dont ever remember who it got there lmao.
 i find weed in the most random places in my room and never remember how it got there lmao
 im the type to shoot a fade and smoke a blunt witchu afterwards ion hold grudges amp if i take a l you better have ya hands up after the l
 i need to smoke so im not so nauseous but i have a feeling ill cough up a lung if i do
 somebody come to the pines and smoke with me lol
 check out our menu on weedmaps...a little something for everyone httpst.coxebsnrpjmp  weedmenu getitatleaf medicalcannabis ftp
 let me ask ya something...have you checked your smoke alarms lately do it 
 noticed that haze today yeah  its definitely not haze  rather smoke spilling in from the wildfires up in the tex 
 damn can i find at least one girl that doesnt smoke weed 
 epd can find marijuana amp build a case on it no problem but god forbid them to be able to build a case on murderers .
 you can get smoked like a black and mild
 shawty come n smoke one wit yah partna
 i miss the old you ... the one i could ride in my trycc w and smoke jaccpots w ...
 come smoke that good  and play uno for the 
 smoking with friends is cool and all but sometimes you just need to smoke by yourself i swear it can be so comforting
 niggaz with smash they girl best friend for a gucci belt and sum weed smfh not the best friend my nigga 
 great battle going on right now between hempstead amp kennedy student sections  both think they nave more spirit than the other iahsbkb
 when i smoke before work everything b so chill...
 somebody should smoke me out
 i just want a friend to smoke a cig w rn
 i find it funny how its wrong to tell people how you feel specially to pole smoker chp officers and they can get away with saying anything
 @technoboi69 i need the weed lol
 i cant find the right emoji for weed so i put that for rn 
 money amp weed my only motivation to do anything
 im only 21 so its no big deal but i hope at some point we all grown up and somebody asks me to marry them. if not  ive got my weed 
 yall got specific songs or artists yall roll or smoke to  mine is kodak 910
 somebody smoke out a nigga with a broken foot 
 i needa smoke a blunt ... or like 5
 offering free smoke rn on the highway
 and save 7 300 new mexicans from premature  tobaccorelated death. and keep 12 000 kids from starting to smoke.  
 some1 come thru n smoke w meeeeeeee  
 the xans tha weed tha lean keep me numb to tha pain
 some people will do anything for some weed lmao
 somebody come to crestmoor and tell smoke w me
 somebody come to crestmoor and smoke w me
 my friend babysits and she got a bill wrapped around weed lmao
 sun  making fence smoke in florence al wutv @wunderground @weatherchannel @mikebettes @twcalexwilson 
 i wanna be high but my account is telling me i cant smoke shit but air this the saddest thing ever
 needa smoke.
 my friends just get me weed for my birthday since its on 420 lol
 i want girl albanian friends that smoke amp are loyal 
 theres literally enough weed to roll a blunt on my passenger side cause my friends messy asf 
 im so mad i cant find anyone selling weed lol
 sitting here thinking about how i cant tolerate life without marijuana
 must have gotten tired of smokey playing with his emotions 
 needa smoke
 i was w my friend delivering n she farted before this man got in the car amp he said i smell weed all the way from out there bitchlmaooioio
 we smoke tha bombudd
 i need some friends that dont smoke
 my coworkers smoked me out before work now im just high asf .
 everyone just needs to chill out  take a drink of water and smoke a bowl
 how you expect me to be happy bout going to ah bar i cant smoke dope in
 cant believe i lost my weed 
 white girl tryna smoke me one with a choosin bitch  and im the chosen one
 smoking weed again waspoppin jimbo 
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a midnight toker
 the best times to smoke tbh lol 
 come get yo shop on wit da best in da city. ogkk stsmokeshop banditlife @ st smoke shop 
 the folks that really fwm knows that ima always smoke you out when you aint got it. sharing is caring lol
 like a crash i wait for the impact and like a train i wait for the smoke.
 all this weed and no one to smoke it w 
 @theman94 @sonimsleep ill believe it when i smoke it my g
 embarrassedtoadmitivenever smoke or drink 
 this why i smoke my nerves a bad asf 
 this why i smoke my nerves be bad asf 
 i love you too man its been too long. you gotta come w me to winstar we smoke down 
 bruh  i cant never find a weed man when i need one
 i need a smoking friend   i smoke alone way to much
 really needa smoke rn.
 just bought tix to smokers club 420 @ oc observatory  ya boy finna see flatbush zombies  lil uzi vert  joey bada  uicideboy on 420 b
 i wish everybody smoked lol that way i could hangout with all my friends wo having to worry about it
 those friends that u could just smoke wit anytime amp talk about anything wit are the best 
 smoke a lot of weed to keep them bitches off my mind
 i got this song about weed. guess its time to gas 420 adhd marijuana  
 @lawngardenhelp weed and feed
 if youve ever come to me for advice and i aint say smoke some weed we aint real friends 
 i need friends who smoke wyaa
 im not addicted to marijuana but do i get hella irritated amp dramatic knowing im dry amp still gotta face this terrible ass world absolutely
 hes like 24  n acting this way   smoke bombs in state capitol  violence 
 i can talk to a girl that smokes weed... i cant talk to a girl who smokes cigarettes
 the only place i can smoke rn is inside my car how annoying
 when i get home and the chill out room is hot boxed with smoke bc my boyfriend amp his friends are feens 
 why is it so hard to find weed in manchester lol
 we just got pitched a project to help folks meet up to share and smoke...
 my granny told me to focus on god and my family not weed and these hot hoes  she funny af
 i love weed its the best creation 
 my cousin dog just ate 10 grams of his weed amp he just stomped her 
 sahbabii  lil pump  smokepurpp  unotheactivist 
 more live painting come check out the new work @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery 
 if you smoke weed you gotta bump this song   potent   
 its been a week without a mild and i dont think ill ever smoke one again
 this is an example of the dangers of marijuana. 
 we gone have the smoke at fhito3 
 once yo parents find out you smoke they blame everything you do on weed
 i think the hard part of smoking weed is really finding something bomb to eat. like theres pasta at home but ambrose pizza sounds better 
 @fpsnake two smokes id say. two songs away from a two song encore.
 lets chill and smokes these woods
 i cant smoke in my room that shit might get in my good covers ill be mad the whole night
 well they fucking with my new songs in the weed store 
 i keep that glizzy  who want smoke
 my friends dont even wanna come smoke w me so what even
 ill smoke out whoever lets me come complain to them rn
 just got off work and i was gonna call one of my friends to see if anybody wanted to smoke and then i realized i dont have any friends.
 just locked myself out the house  imma bouta just sit in the car amp smoke
 tbh i really only go on weed breaks because i love to read and reading is impossible when im stoned
 once yo parents find out you smoke they blame everything you do on weed
 tbh i really only go on weed breaks because i love to read and focusing on reading is impossible when im stoned
 damn  smokepurpp signed to the devil and gave his soul away 
 im in luv wit de weed man
 steam billows like smoke  but only one will kill you
 i smoke alotta weed ta keep the bitches off my mind
 packed extra and still ran outta weed 
 when the weed man takes forever to respond 
 dont go to weed for your problems 
 to all you finessers just warn your family cause you keep scheming somebody gone smoke them boots
 bruh yall gotta smoke and watch meet the blacks   this shit funny af  .
 what am i to do without weed 
 how females be when a nigga say come thru ill smoke you out 
 rt. especially after i smoke 
 kinda want to tu on my bday but then i also just kinda want to chill and smoke w my friends
 yall live for bitches amp blunts. we live for weed amp money.
 where the people that be up mad late tryna smokeeee
 shawty you should roll with me  come over and smoke with me
 aw this shit sound smokepurpp as fuck
 we deserve a smoke breakkkkkj thats my song
 n den ash invited me to a smokeout for 420 sooooooo like i can shake my ass 418 and sit on my ass 420 lmaoo
 wow i have nothing to roll on. waited all day for this l and now i cant even smoke. 
 gotta respect ya mate.. i mean its just weed. 
 free by @6lack is the perfect song to drive to smoke to rn
 idk if i should smoke this blunt or not
 ran out of weed until friday 
 drink smoke ride fuck chilll drive think about it
 i need friends that are honest and real and will be down with smoke a blunt and go on an adventure with me.
 you can be addicted to weed dont @ me
 i cant sleep im about to smoke my brains out   thats just how im feeling..
 only if you drink the weed n smoke the beer 
 if ive learned anything. live your life and enjoy every second of it. and smoke pot. thatstheendofmyrant
 honestly im just looking for a girl smoke and cuddle with while we critically discuss all the impacts of colonialism on our communities 
 tbh im looking for a girl whos down to smoke and cuddle with me while we critically discuss the impacts of colonialism in our communities 
 if you dont talk to someone just bc they smoke or drink or party youre very closedminded. who knows what others are going thru be nice.
 free smoke in imessage basketball
 do you drink or smoke
 himher i aint got no weed but ill smoke w you.  me..... 
 can i have a friend where i could be like hey bighead come over and smoke a blunt with me and watch movies
 cant to smoke after 
 come and smoke one with ya shawty
 im not trying to spoon im really just tryna sit here and smoke @andalibmalit
 but i still cant smoke 
 when your friends push you to drink and smoke more.
 i walked on this bus and i immediately smelt weed  and just a little fact im the first pick up
 once yo parents  find out you smoke they blame everything you do on weed 
 you cant smoke gas girl  so stop actin with it
 if we smoking and you give me the blunt back wet i wont smoke wit you nomo
 if its in my joint believe that its the best smoke
 why do i find it attractive when a guy smokes a cigarette
 and my weed man keeps lying to me
 it literally drives me insane how everyone a sting bc they smoke or drink
 im just tryna smoke and chop it up over a game of uno
 @damnerinnnn deadass lmao im scared to even smoke bc im driving tonight lmao you got me shook af
 thanks to whomever sent me this smokey the bear resist shirt. ill do my level best. 
 ion sell kds for 30. idk who ya goin 2  but keep goin 2 them. ion sell vicks for 50 or 60. not smokin what i smoke. idk who yall go 2 
 i needa smoke
 the hardest part about quitting will be when i hang w my homies bc all u niggas smoke
 and the gag is i cant even smoke rn
 nothing is more attractive than a girl who smokes cigarettes. like  mmhmm girl breathe in my face with that yummy tar breath. 
 currently taking applications for some friends that wana smoke and go workout lol
 my slow flows remarkable  peace to matteo. now we smoke weed like tony montana sniffed the yayo...thats crazy blunts.
 peace to mateo  now we smoke weed like tony montana sniff the yayo thats crazy blunts  mad ls my voice excels from avenues to jail cells
 you certainly cant spell weed without weed as the saying goes
 ion see how you girls be asking boys to smoke you out  how you have a habit but cant support it  
 im so salty i got weed and cant even buy rellos
 if yall start hiding ya guns amp weed like yall hide ya bms amp gfs yall would never get locked up 
 the chain smokers kill absolutely every damn song
 where the heck is the trumprussia investigation 45 just keeps smoke screen it w everything else we cant let this go on
 i smoke a whole lotta weed.. 
 i really shoulda rented a car for the week im here . taking apps for a personal ber driver. will buy u food n smoke w u
 @cigaretteparty yepp.. it never stops raining and its really boring  like all you do is smoke dank weed. which if cool but it gets old.
 i just want somebody to come smoke wit me and watch me play 2k and battlefield
 i cry real deal tears when i cant find my weed
 next wee about to be busy asf for me  i need dumb checks and weed 
 ok honestly smoke break is the best song ever
 where the wild smoke shops are. makeamovieoklahoman
 who wan this smoke on imessage tho
 smoke a lot of weed to keep the dumb shit off my mind
 trypod my favorite podcasts see something  say something pod save america and the weeds.
 apparently here people just drink and smoke on the job 247. tight.
 yall smoke or something 
 i smoke potent who want smoke bitch
 feeling down smoke some weed
 i need to smoke.. stress level is through the roof rn.. 
 dasha want smoke with everybody lol
 @pxl8it see what the weed does...you cant even spell...
 so who wants smoke in imessage basketball dont get your feelings hurt 
 u dont want smoke dis the wild wild west
 if you never smoked an l with one of your parents  you dead ass missing out cause its better to be open than to be sneaky and try hiding
 i cant even give someone a mint without them asking if its got pot in it. i dont even smoke that much yo
 smoke a lot of weed to keep these nights off my mind
 @hmlshawty @nataniahuckabay @bbycornluvr @yeseniatwigs soso is fucking everything do you come for everyone who tans drinks booze smokes
 been working hard to keep everyone shredding the cold smoke this season  with a little help from my friends 
 the line is outside. there are people smoking. smoke causes my asthma attacks. i cant get out of line.  do you see 
 best damn weed chocolate n the world fdp foxdyeprogram codasignature edibles weedchocolate 
 my friend  suggested me start smoking weed bc she thinks im addicted to ibuprofen. i just love how it makes  me feel
 i wish i had somebody to come smoke n lay up wit me. its one of them days
 arizona medical cannabis business expo | april 1213  get your tickets now   use code twee 
 cant smoke but some rules are made to be broken 
 i need somebody to smoke and get food with rn im starving
 @mikelovenyc im about to smoke everyone.
 need johander to leave or myself to smoke a cigarette whichever comes first on edge af
 idk how ppl smoke to country music lol
 no bs i think im allergic to a certain type of weed or something bc when i break out in hives its after smoking 
 its kinda cool that my managers are chill about smoking weed but at the same time part of me is thinking  they workin with the feds 
 when she buys some weed but gave it away to her friends smh 
 who got the best weed in la im lookin
 who got the best weed in la
 in laurel tryna figure out what kind of grown ass men post up in a playground filled with children to drink brews and smoke blunts
 when you smoke the night before and wake up still high... best feeling ever
 man i swear im never going to pick up the nasty habit of smoking cigs...especially if i have kids. second hand smoke is not a joke
 im tryna chill amp smoke
 im trynna smoke a blunt  eat a snowcone  amp go penny board but everybody lame
 i put my weed up last night and i cant find it.. why would my high self hide my own weed. im fucked
 this that jet fuel pack. yall cant afford to smoke this 103  
 @arrowheadpride hope we deal with dope smokers swiftly let the kingdom know it wont be tolerated especially as much as we do with kids
 do you drink or smoke
 lmaoo his was couldnt get up to come smoke wit us 
 its hard making friends since i dont smoke
  i miss my weird friend who smokes with me
 ifheavenhadvistinghours id smoke blunts and rap with my cousin jim and kiss and hug my mom and never let go
 cant wait to smoke hella blunts w my love tonight
 somebody smoke and come eat wit me bruh fr..
 @mtoreadkaws idk  man. lots of smoke coming outta lawrence  ks.
 @baz00per i cant believe weed killed my friends
 when your best friend is trying to not smoke blunts.... you roll both alltreeofthem 
 here comes the smoked muscovy duck pie. its out of this world. @barleyswine 
 when everybody at your job smoke so your breaks be lit 
 oh you done smoked more weed den me u must be hallucinating 
