 lmao wtf dis foo tryna get me to smoke him out 
 it aint fucking with crichton weed tho.
 shit ill smoke that shit then distribute it through the white communities like my man nixon 
 i asked my cousin and she said it doesnt have any marijuana in it  thank ya jesus
 i done drunk codeine from a broken whiskey glass. i done popped my pills and i smoked my share of grass.
 i really need to find a plug in san jose  sick of driving to san leandro to pick weed up 
 its supposed to be 60 degrees on sunday. who wants to smoke doobies and throw rotten tomatoes at homeless kids
 @drakesfavee for reals next time text me on your break and well smoke a blunt wtf 
 a nigga needs to pull up with some weed
 im convinced some of yall hustle just to smoke
 some people smoke  others drink  and others fall in love  each one dies in a different way..
 need someone to smoke with cause i dont smoke that much i need to share lol
 deadass thought jackson was walking out from the smoke n i was excited teenwolfseason6
 facebook update man with parkinsons tried weed for the first time
 this man just followed me in the store trying to sell me weed.
 district 223a boys scores central 75  corrigancamden 63 newton 73  woodville 54 central heights 83  hemphill 38 @hoopinsider
 im go smoke lmao i need to get back to my sences 
 pussy money weed
 daily doses of weed..
 right after we smoke too 
 i need to smoke me another blunt
 lol why all these kids trying to sell weed 
 need friends who smoke as much as i do
 smoke a little weed but her shit together
 before i rest my head i shall smoke two pieces 
 pussy money weed 
 i need weed and a puppy
 if were going to bring people here for marijuana tourism  they need a place to use it 
 need smokes
 soon as i feel like i really need to smoke just to do certain shit ima stop lol
 4am crack smoke sessions
 after we smoke tho 
 red light weather this morning. not your typical fog. dangerous conditions develop as it mixes with smoke. fcnfog 
 guess no smoke session
 you know what i need a smoke and a beer
 i need to smoke
 sos weed. need weed.
 i really wanna get back into weaving hemp jewelry  its such a relaxing and methodical task
 when the teens from your job smoked a cigarette in your dream so you wake up stressed lol
 working for satan of a boss makes me want to smoke cigarettes right here at my desk
 pussy  money  weed  foreveefavouritesong
 it may look like im here to study but im really movin that alien weed 
 how you a trapper but you only sell weed 
 hey @loudpvck whats a girl have to do to smoke a blunt with you guys before or after webster next friday
 @americanindian8 @potus check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days via 
 @nodapl check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days via 
 quick with a joke or tah light up ya smoke
 @roguefema check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days via 
 when u can hear weed stuck in your macbook fan.
 i smoke  work  smoke  and make music  thelife
 @jilllong  cannabis oil 
 my allergies are very messed up and i still smell weed.. somebody pack is loud af and i need they plug
 trump needs to smoke weed
 how pathetic and low do you have to be to try and give my girlfriend weed and ask her to fuck you in return
 pussy money weed still 
 @tommychong marijuana and the nfl on espn right now
 @greenthumbgirls well i guess your just a better person than huh  its morning weed humor hun amp you dont know me so dont judge. be nice 
 way better weed in a 
 if you need some shit to smoke to then im the one supplying ghwm
 @kennywallace you gonna be racing with smoke in florida
 need to smoke ..
 i need some weed
 my ex fucked a methhead but tried to say that weed made me different 
 in the land where succulents grow like weeds. @ millbrae  california 
 i need to smoke it away. 
 you can smoke on planes  right
 just because you are cited for weed doesnt mean you are troubled ha 
 my uber smells like dank ass weed. imma need yall to share plz
 drinking a my bloody valentine by @alesmithbrewing @ smoke eaters  
 thanks for the weed and good tho you a real one
 need a weed genie to just pop up and sell me an eighth lol
 i need to smoke
 when all you need is a fat grabba blunt but no one smokes grabba in orlando
 @red2standingby he stoned as all hell on that powerful california marijuana and talking right crazy. its hilariou 
 @tombirtwhistle others are smoke amp mirrors  or ipo window dressings
 i need 2 smoke ......
 where the plugs at in need of some smoke
 speed weed is a pseudonym right arrow
 yea i smoke tht strong a lot
 i need to smoke
 @ bdubs with my dad and isaiah  were talking about weed. my dad turns to me and says  you should use buy ounce from me and sell it  huh
 need someone to smoke wit
 @jalenmay8 i need this weed to last
 uh a man can still do this n smoke me out tho sooooo 
 got the weed. just need the dutch.  
 i need to smoke 
 shawty strip to support her weed habbit
 need to smoke like a pound to the face man
 protesters throw smoke bombs and flares as a breitbart editor spoke at a uc berkeley event wednesday 
 berkeley  calif. ap  officials cancel breitbart news editor talk at uc berkeley after protesters throw smoke 
 @chewie619 they had violent lefties set fires amp throw smoke bombs.. campus on lock down due lefties violence
 @dmaca1961 @potus please help. raiding legalized states just doesnt make sense. cannabis prohibition doesnt make sense. i need your help.
 protesters at uc berkeley throw smoke bombs  flares at building where breitbart editor was scheduled to speak 
 officials cancel breitbart news editor talk at uc berkeley after protesters throw smoke bombs  flares at building 
 officials cancel breitbart news editor talk at uc berkeley after protesters throw smoke bombs  
 how many smokes til you make a mason throw up
 officials cancel breitbart news editor milo yiannopoulus talk at ucberkeley after protesters throw smoke bombs  fl 
 breitbart news editor talk at uc berkeley canceled after protesters throw smoke bombs  flares 
 blow good weed   hide from the police 
 @tweetdajour wow i totally forgot that you smoke lol
 im taking a weed break i think. fvk. i need to tho.
 pussy money weed
 @concerned2345 @dtrumpexposed @cnn like i said  go smoke somemore dope  it will make you smarter
 i need to smoke. 
 why does the us  ban cancer killers like marijuana and vitamin b12 but they dont ban poison like coke  mcdonalds or cancer infested gmos
 we need to sneak some weed to donald trump  maybe a glass of whiskey a massage can we fly a top chef to him so he can  chill out please
 why does the us  ban cancer killers like marijuana and vitamin b12 but they dont ban poison like coke  mcdonalds or cancer infested gmos
 @addictedtopesos tbh im still lost as fuck but its basically like weeds if you seen that show but its about a dysfunctional family
 i smoke good so im neva stressin
 can anyone sell me weed that lives in columbus
 its clearly more than an opinion if they have to use smoke bombs and violence lol 
 i dont fuk w dispensaries that hire hot girls who dont know shit about herb to sell cannabis. yall fukin up the culture
 on god i smoked that shit it was boof  
 i need to smoke   my mind tryna be in the dark right now
 i tried to smoke it awayyyyy
 i need to smoke 
 if you smoke  you going to hell
 only thing yall should smoke is tree. all that other shit is a no go
 i need some weed
 people will use you for your weed
 i need someone to smoke and watch 90s cartoons with 
 just wanted to toss out a quick fuck you to the smoke detector near my kitchen for being a snitch about my late night bacon cooking.
 what a fucking douche .... smoke amp mirrors to detract from the uproar over his bigoted muslim travel ban 
 where do i hide my weed 
 where do i hide my weed 
 i bet he smoking weed again too 
 some guy on grindr just asked if i wanted to smoke crack.. excuse me
 mom just asked me about my cocaine  xanax   and marijuana use. weve reached new levels of fucked
 drunk n smoken that gaz higher then u should ah got that cleveland shit world shit drunk like im silent with my niehborz exclusive
 that shit sound stupid im convinced this lady thinks weed is meth or speed or some shit
 share a smoke  make a joke.
 like... weed makes me think of @johngmz
 think i just need to smoke 
 @keynyata it depends  do you have any other means of combusting marijuana buds
 distract distract distract.  all smoke and mirrors with these fucks 
 freedom is wearing hijab  smoking marijuana and owning a gun. yeah baby 
 @sunnyherring1 @friendlyjmc @sfgate my tax  up on smoke
 @proudboysusa of course it was hahaha  they only high they achieved is the legalization of recreational marijuana in certain states 
 what do you think about marijuana it is a question we need to be discussing. 
 i need friends that just want to hang out smoke good bud and kicc ideas of a sitcom or show with each other
 this trio is literally pussy  money  weed tho.  
 man this dude just said the first thing he tried was ayahuasca and straight skipped weed
 royal purple smoke tree pollinators love it available at  
 lots o pot in todays ljs.  lnk sen has atypical ally on med marijuana   east grad farms po 
 smoke a little weed but her shit together
 listening to @nidagov nora volkow on translating science to service.  marijuana use by teens drops even with increa 
 who need weed hit mi 
 cause weed is free huh
 n need 4 da weed
 armed amp dangerous  aint 2 many can bang with us  straight up weed no angel dust  label us notorious. ripbiggie justraplyrics
 yvonne conwell im not all in right now. holy smokes.
 hell yea imma smoke 90 blunts even tho my asthma is acting up and i got a respiratory infection again
 closed report at 12 miner st  case noted. cited for overgrown weeds. 
 we can play smoke and mirrors. shift blame. but reality is dedicated funding matters. its absence doomed @wmata. le 
 @madonvacation next door smokes meat but im vegetarian so it makes me sick.
 wearing an outfit like this  you have to smoke me out
 i need some weed
 3 in custody. 41 lbs of marijuana seized. only took 6 minutes for swat to breach  clear and detain way to go guys and my girl iam911
 someone smokee
 need to smoke. 
 just need to smoke
 imma smoke this joint then imma break you off
 i need to smoke 
 at least i can smoke freely
 @peoplesoracle weed activists are shook over jeff sessions recent comments. dont underestimate how much white ppl love their dispensaries
 @peoplesoracle during his confirmation sessions looked one of the co senators in the eye and promised him he wouldnt fuck w legal weed
 purim is tomorrow and im almost completely out of weed. fuck
 thriller of the month smokescreen by @khaledtalib  fastpace international suspense unique plot  plenty of twists 
 are you sure you arent just a lobbyist for alcoa amp the oil industry why not show the smokestacks amp pollution  
 i just wanted to smoke wtf
 and we could go out and smoke our nice ass blunt and i could be extra happy cause shawty knows how to finesse
 but seriously where imma get my weed from in houston
 take down a tree i smoke a tree down 
 pervo wastes no time in lighting up a pipe that produces sparkling smoke. this is robed guy. i suspect hes a wizar 
 @cnn media needs 2wake up trump is nothing but smokeamp mirrors hes guilty of so much shit is ridiculous hes a threat3 national security
 @sonofabeee shit maybe you could find a way to smoke it
 @andyd @nursemaryjink xanax doesnt work for me. cant smoke due to copd need sleep however. yikes..days without sleep is making me ill.
 nvm they sell this @ the weed shop next door lol
 i dont smoke as often as i use to 
 i need weed 
 brandon weedon was on same plane that picked up peyton manning. elway also brought in russell wilson 
 this dude is really ab to give me 50 just to smoke a blunt with me
 all these drug dealers but everyone stalls when i need weed 
 need to do uber and sell weed i guess like a true roadman yeah
 bullshit ass plugs. bullshit ass weed. 
 need some weed 
 also what is this bullshit where u have to buy weed from a dealer or a dude and he doesnt even give u a free gift bogus
 karaoke song smoke two joints  sublime @karaokesandman @blacknuggetcdale
 love when polet wakes up just to  smoke with me
 @patrickbruhh you dont smoke tho
 bet i got some weed  bet i got yo bitch   bet she on her knees   bet she swallow dick 
 imma need my weed man to be available at like 10am
 imma smoke first tho
 need weed sos
 now every sac rapper cant use the basic from the city of trees but iont smoke line
 i hate coughing when i smoke but that shit be getting me so much higher
 rhode islands attorney general launches a campaign against the legalization of recreational marijuana in the state 
 its time trump did us all a favor an abolish all the abc government groups an make all there staffs fired an vetted to weed out traitors
 he was serious about the lil piece of blunt too like nigga  i smoke that aint gone do shit for a real pot head dawg
 but first imma need to make some coffee and smoke
 i need a weed man who be up like ppl with jobs  i be needing to wake n bake
 need to smoke
 psa the same people that use air to fry use pellets to smoke.
 i want to bury my face in a bowl of bacon  chug a bottle of vodka  light up a smoke and then dive head first into a blistering hot jacuzzi.
 wtf smokey 
 @clickonkarley is a smoke show
 you shall make an altar for bringing incense up in smoke you shall make it out of acacia wood. dailychumash 
 the weed man... 
 @secbooger @bomanijones so opiates gt weed how does that make sense
 @cv3halls na i just love my smokey lol
 idk if weed work better in the morning or if im still high from last night too a lil but man this shit is serious right now 
 bih this why i smoke pressure  
 now  jeff sessions wants to investigate obama seems like a smoke show to distract from the trump admins incompetencies and corruption
 the family that smokes together... love  motherinlawandhubby @ heron club 
 lol yea i smoke all the time uhhhhhh 
 where tha smoke sessions  seniors 
 recreational marijuana and the law what you need to know by @djpizzohhs 
 last day as a teen going 2 drink a large limartia and smoke camel crush after peer gynt  also we open 2night. heck 
 when you smoke too much and suddenly you a cartoon train 
 need to smoke
 i need to smoke
 @nmoneyitrust i like to keep my weed in the dark tho lol
 need marijuana
 i need weed 
 @dannosphere fyi smokey denmark closed its bbq truck i think at the end of last year.
 i need smoke shack fries like right now
 i need some weed
 woke up an thanked god for these trees im bout to smoke. 
 man...maybe i just need to smoke..
 my mom tried to lecture me yesterday about bringing weed on the plane. cinda really thinks im that stupid 
 it makes no sense for the nfl to restrict players ability to use weed
 seriously how do i get weed in rimact someone help me out before i have to use my moms connect 
 yet these guys cant smoke weed huh 
 wondering why i smell like weed n realized i still got this grocery bag of shake who need that 5 hots lmao
 agreed @maharrit  we all know this is multifactorial.  can we all agree where there is smoke  their is fire amp we can do better @danortizmd
 when you smoke in the rental  
 armed and dangerous aint too many can bang with us straight up weed no angel dust label us notorious thug ass niggas that love to bust
 need to smoke after work fasho
 hahaha i smoke now bet on my way 
 this weed shit too serious
 need to smoke .
 i need weed to proceed
 were in college and kids are still trying to sell oregano as weed 
 ino smoke tho.
 what the hemp  mar 10  2017  5pm pst 6pm az mst 1 408 638 0968 us toll or 1 646 558 8656 us toll     m 
 we need regulation for dispensaries. they should only sell lp marijuana  like this stuff. @brokencoastltd 
 just met a homeless man in the casino who sells crushed up kale chips to people and says its weed. legend
 cambridge university  told cnn its not so much a smoking gun as a faint whiff of smoke a long way away. maybe theres something
 i need more girl friends who smoke so we can b having a sesh and talk about drama n shit high af
 having a much needed  after work smoke the upsetter @ mickey blakes cigars milford 
 mesmokes friends hey can i bum a cig me wtf u cant fuckkn smoke that shit gives u fuckin cancer fuckfikg idiot
 pussy  money  weed pussy  money  weed
 woah on second thought ban cannabis 
 i need to smoke now b4 i hurt someone.
 if you need some weed hit me  mobile
 apparently my old boss sells weed
 so i just got a tricked out rental car that smells like marijuana from enterprise rental car in houston. thatsafirst
 i need to smoke 
 pussy  money  weed yeah thats all a nigga need
 stressed out  smoke that shit pooh @ripdevon
 i need to smoke 
 we need to start a referendum to legalize marijuana. 
 since weed is legalized here in california now  and thus i cant get busted for all my bongs and shit  i think imma skip the mmj card...
 dood im still in fresno wtf okay i need weed and xans and im a feen and fuck u
 i need weed amp food
 @jabarimoore  smoke session
 i need a weed man 
 where smoke and mirrors tho 
 all i need is my weed and my drank fuck these hoes fr 
 i need my weed lol 
 i need to smoke 
 finding weed in this piece of shit podunk town is gonna be the death of me
 i need a weed man. where yall at tf
 the good weed smoke make the bullshit go away
 mask off  swang  and smoke break 
 im having a gtg for my birthday so if youd like to come thru and have weed or henny to contribute lmk 
 today was funwish i had weed tho
 @nathanzegura browns trading 1 for someones farm  holy smokes andy they could build a dynasty. trade 1 if at all possible.
 need to smoke with new people
 dontttttttt bring weed and hide it in your childs coat.
 my family is currently talking about weed and how to use it in baking etc... lol help
 yo did i really just buy a marijuana necklace  i need help lolol
 some people smoke  others drink  and others fall in love  each one dies from a different way
 rub my back and booty and i will smoke some good trees with you. 
 i need some weed in my life  ugh
 need 2 be rich on an island filled with weed
 ima just smoke this blunt real quick before i lose my mind lol
 why do i feel like every @nfl team is going to be a different @nfl team this fall holy smokes the nflfreeagency is nuts @espn @cfrelund 
 i need weed
 need people to smoke with
 @rubebait keeps us off russia and wiretapping.  bigly smoke.
 need to get some weed tonight 
 ugh i need more weed
 i need a weed man 
 i need some weed. 
 we all need good weed once in our lives
 @charmandrs literally tho it weeds out shitty ppl cus i look like an edgy gay feminist which i am
 either no one hits me up  or they hmu just to smoke up all my shit. 
 i need like a smoke sesh where i can vent
 im on this weed and codeine
 who needs weed
 nothing sexier than the way lip gallagher smokes a cigarette idk its just something about it 
 the only thought going through my head right now is......................................pussy pussy pussy marijuana
 @cnnedition trump will support turkey..its poppy s...the opium trail..the whole policy is another smoke mirrors to distract the public.
 holy shit man this is some fire ass weed
 like wtf bitch why is you acting funny  just sell me some fucking weed 
 @nixymix bum me a smoke bruh
 im really here for the weed
 a really sick move i like to do after owning someone on line is to blow the smoke off of my thumb tips
 steam both sides of the lfreeze smoke rings and they hailsleet snow grind for the wealthwhole team diamonds is real
 steam both sides of the lfreeze smoke rings and they hailsleet snow grind for the wealthwhole team diamonds is real
 these weed men pissing me tf off
 i need to get white liner so i can do a dreamville smokey eye with glitter lol
 and then jesus smoked that good good  and all was good matthew 420 bandoutofcontext
 pretty sure i have cigarette smoke embedded in my nostrils
 i be sleepy as hell when i smoke  but the sleep be good asl
 time to shit wit the door open as i role up and proceed to smoke
 who needs weed
 i need to smoke. 
 i need some smoke
 i need a fwb that like to smoke weed amp watch cartoons while we lay up
 need weed.
 all i need in this world of sin   is some good weed and somein to roll in 
 jeff doesnt smoke  looks at me goes high thought  do you think crabs think fish are flying. lmaooo
 cant let them smoke that dangerous weed tho 
 catch us at the smokers club 420 fest with an oz trippen of 3 xans
 the only reason our government doesnt legalize weed is they dont want us to be happy  jeff sessions can kiss my a 
 bri needs to wake up so we can smoke 
 istartmyweekendwith weed amp coffee. and you guys 
 @christinelsloc @rebeccadecker @stephperry i dunno. ive been before for an event. but  its too smokey for me. could taste it for days.
 also smoke weed 
 i need weed
 i woke up thinking.......pussy pussy pussy marijuana
 imma need to smoke a fat ass blunt right now
 if it aint new leaf ... i dont smoke it  hit me up for yure free sample better than grabba  theyre sold 
 i feel like if i smoke up imma end up knocking out super fast.... lets see if that theory is true  shall we
 pass the weed. @kodakblack1k 
 we need some weed
 i applaud spicer. our country is under attack by the dark government that we need trump to weed out. all the obama 
 smoke weed everyday wise words from @andrewcte last night
 enjoy bruno so much im actually bummed to read hes a smoker. cmon  b cut that out tho. we need you around . 
 ghostface killah  spaceghostpurp  and smoke purp is all one person  those are just different nicknames for him
 when i get off at 4 im going streight into my bed and not leaving until ballet on monday morning. weed is being delivered. wife is coming
 where da weed at tho
 i hate being rushed but i also hate sounding like a bullshitter  like im tryna smoke that q too lmfao
 ive never tried to smoke a female out then fuck. if i fucked its cause we wanted fuck amp was sober when we did.
 im in laverne...i need weed
 holy smokes id be able to purchase a 550 sqft 1bdrm condo in a shadier part of the city and cover 1.75 years of condo fees. sign me up
 holy smokes id be able to purchase a 550 sqft 1bdrm condo in a shadier part of the city and cover 1.75 years of c 
 just because you sell weed  doesnt mean you trappin 
 lets smoke out sacramento to show were the city of trees
 all this shit got my head hurtin i need to smoke
 dontmistakemy weed for your pleasure  mooch 
 tried to smoke while i waited for my food. wind said nah
 health benefits of medical marijuana  cannabis 101  via @medicaljane we all need it. better than the opiates
 i need to smoke 
 when niggas act like they need to smoke weed i just laugh 
 tried talking to my mom amp all she got from it was i still smoke.
 hiltonheadwinefest smokehousehhi livemusic join us after the fest at the smokehouse @ the 
 sometimes i post shit to weed out the easily offended activists that are assholes. seriously people  dont read to much into shit. 
 no way you can convince me that weed is more dangerous than alcohol
 i need a lip color that allows me to roll blunts and smoke them with out fucking up my make up
 need my own smoke  need money  need dick damn i just need a life  gottagetouttahell
 good for preet  force 45 to go back on his word  we need bharara in ny to continue weeding out albany corruption 
 i need some weed
 i just need to smoke. now.
 i need some weed man
 servin fire weed today tho lol
 ideas i am liberal on no death penalty gay rights civil rights legal marijuana
 i need some fuckin weed  whos good in wisconsin dells 
 the texans can also go after garett bolles ot from utah hes 65 but unlikely cause of hes health and some past issues with marijuana
 sweet kiss from cannabis
 the sweet kiss from cannabis
 i need some weed and food man
 i need to save money  but i also wanna buy weed. im so conflicted
 a crack head came up to me and asked if i had any weed to sell
 lol government really be recycling drugs  government regulated weed probably just the shit they seized from over the years
 every time i smoke wit a certain rello for the first time i treat it like a business proposal... pleasure smoking with you headass
 shogun houston customers really enjoying the event advantages. downdraft means no smoke residue 
 when you dont smoke but all your posts are about smoking. roastedtoasted itsalllovetho 
 @murkvito dont mention me broke boy  free smoke still available tho 
 this needs to happen in all medical and recreational cannabis states. 
 i need to smoke
 but love the smell of weed tho 
 you petty and childish if u still wearing weed socks
 i cant fuck with you if your pussy is more dank than your weed....  actually just if your pussy is dank that shit nasty smell like a ocean
 @michisaur @warhorseftc yea it really is its just to much but yea we should group again and weed thru this elo hell.
 need some smoke out here
 somedays i wish i didnt smoke  and i mean that completely financially lol
 @valdurened i like it  its the most unique i didnt add the dark smoke onto anybody elses
 i need to smoke 
 how bow dah moon right now holy smokes
 i need to smoke 
 amazing science going into cannabis today  
 she asked to go trough your phone  i asked you to roll the weed up
 have you tried the ruby cannabis infused sugar by @rubysugarco this sugar makes it easy to turn anything into som 
 @alvaro845 i shouldve asked do u smoke weed and at what time but nah .... 
 @suevavoom right  like how u travel across the country without a plan b and she dead smoked all that nigga weed.
 imma just smoke my bleezy in peace 
 dude next to me in the westin tried to sell me weed. wtf. help. i dont want to give up my seat. i need an adult.   eye roll
 julya said you smell like your car  waffles   baskin robins and weed 
 i need to get some weed before it start snowing
 youd think with all the options at the weed shops i wouldnt see a dude bust out a giant bong from his backpack at the bus stop.
 i just need a girl who cool as shit that i can smoke with  eat her pussy 258 and buy her food 
 need to smoke a cig but also need to smoke a bowl ya feel
 you smell like marijuana and tea tree oil
 need to smoke
 yo someone sell me weed in la help
 i need to smoke 
 i need to smoke.
 okay maybe a lil smoke
 where there is smoke there is fire show us those tax returns 45 .@rosadelauro @mattlesser @acttogetherct 
 i need to start smoking out my bong and pipe to conserve weed.   splits open a blunt
 so i just asked my 12 year old niece if she smoked weed and she said no i got jesus i dont need marijuana dead 
 i feel this weeding about to go from 6 to midnight real quick 
 im a villain in the sense that i weed out people who are worthless pieces of shit to me.
 @heyseduce @dvieiis can you do me a favor and smoke me seduce i need to be smoked
 cannagives is back this week read about marijuana and the boulder international film festival here 
 and i need to smoke 
 oh fuck  i need to get my weed  mason watching the passion
 thebezonnian18 | the grind is real  mhari nyce @mharinyce  smoke god 
 i just need to smoke
 i need weed in hurst
 wgal constantly asks on their facebook about recreational weed legalization. we get it
 i need some weed
 spice is making a comebackand it could really hurt marijuana legalization efforts  via @southcann
 i need to smoke 
 fuck the bullshit cigarettes are death  weed is life..
 help  need weed
 i need to smoke so bad
 debating if i should smoke but im right infront of ryans work 
 i know shes the one becos she makes me cum and then says those words few words everone loves to hear after.. maybe we can smoke a bowl now
 how tf u cancel a smoke session. should be illegal.
 i really need to smoke rn
 i just need marijuana to be fully legalized so i can go to the store get a pack of joints instead of those gross tar ass bullshit cigs
 i just need marijuana to be fully legalized so i can go to the store and get a pack of joints instead of those gross tar ass bullshit cigs
 @cjinx03 apparently i wasnt dressed properly either... i was wearing jeans and a t like wtf im going on to smoke hookah 
 can you boof marijuana
 having a solo smoke sesh to @nofrillstwins... why does nobody know the artists i stan tho theyre like a1 did i use that slang right
 this me after a good ass smoke session 
 niggas be having weed with no rello 
 bruhhhhhhhh i need a new weed man
 i love her like pussy  money  weed
 stepped out for a smoke its bright as hell yall
 i need to smoke and a massage
 hell fuck weed
 i need weed
 our sweet  beautiful childrens comedian @yourboydylan might sell weed out of a kayak  look for him out on the 
 how i use to sneak outside at family events to smoke 
 need some smokes
 sinceramente i need weed
 up for no reason i need someone smoke w
 i only smoke weed at wendys
 new footage of michael brown selling weed and @cnn wants to blame it on police again....3 years later. beatthedeadhorse bluelivesmatter
 @dallasgoldbug just free the fcking cannabis plant. i could giv a fuk about anything else at this point.thats where theyre all full of shit
 shit shit shit crunchy has sculture marco but ninoma doesnt have it yet  i was gonna order it with the smoker  but uuurrggh
 about to smoke me something then go back to sleep head still fucked up from yesterday man 
 i need weed
 i really need to get my shit together. im making money and growing good weed but ill never run for a place in the senate at this rate
 i need smoke
 she doesnt like me because i smoked weed once. i let her fill her bottle anyhow. its the mormon way.
 i need to smoke like right about now
 the establishment is working as hard as it can to talk down president trump. use some common sense and see through the smoke and mirrors.
 how tf you lose the weed you supposed to sell
 my mama dropped her weed in kroger and this lady tracked her down to give it back to her  i wouldve took dat shit
 @gorgeousworks no weed slander on my tl slander heron
 i need to smoke
 @jacquidelaney @jodieemery @atlantictory as far as cannabis activism goes  a civil rights label is very apropos imho.
 legalizing recreational marijuana gets serious consideration by connecticut lawmakers 
 coffee weed and water is really all i need to survive
 me and smoke be quick and straight to it  and we always end that bih like bet it up or bet
 i do need some weed tho
 when young thug told he world miami got shitty weed 
 i just realized im addicted to weed 
 pussy money weed rarr rarr  moonchild wolfie @wolfroldan
 i need smoke
 i need a loyal weed man .
 im really aggravated today i need to smoke a cigarette and hide
 rich and dark with a hint of smoke.  drinking  the loneliness by @blockthree at @blockthree   
 home cooked meal  smoke session  foot massage then the neck. 
 last night was killer sold out show at wcl with @quixoteproject   smokeandbourbonband and 
 i need weed.
 @derekalmightyy smoke that shit. fr this time lol
 i just want some lemonade 32 oz plz and some good ganja
 this boy from tinder said hell come smoke us up show dasall
 watching cnn piece on this new ferguson movie at sxsw. saying mike was trading weed for cigs is probably not the best defense...
 need to have a smoke
 free smoke is available
 i need money buy weed from me
 i smoke more than i talk.  i smoke more than i think. i smoke more than i shit.
 marijuana dude puked on the plane and weve been stuck at our gate waiting for like updated paperwork or some shit forever wtf marijuana guy
 i need it to be 6 so i can smoke
 grandma just gives me money for weed tho 
 wake  bake  rise  grind. smoke some weed and expand your mind  
 i need some fucking weedddd
 man  that hire refugees shit backfiredcaffeine and weed go great togetherbut not from starfucks 
 i need some weed
 i need a plug out here. anybody please help a brother out bored  need some weed. weeds on me too
 back in tally  smoke that shit
 i need to cop some weed  who can help a girl out
 @nascar @martintruexjr @lvmotorspeedway yeees martin  so happy for you brotha  smoke em out
 @iamseth64 sorry to hear man ill smoke some for ya  camel crush silvers huh @billyeyer5
 real tired of wearing layers just to smoke a bowl
 my dad stays wearing my shirts  getting them full of smoke and shit nigga they werent cheap tf
 @aleesho youd clip it halfway lmao amp get mad because id smoke the rest
 when i didnt use to smoke so much i use to get happy smoking more than one blunt but now i get shitty whn its hella blunts in rotation 
 yea that shit over fuckin smoked 
 courtney amp i smoked together on facetime today halfway across the country amp what are the odds we had the same type of bud
 @rihanna and smoke weed  
 twistin my weed  an im twisting my dreads  fuck what you heard and yea fuck what you said  white and the wheat yea we stackin that bread 
 i need some smoke.
 these bullets recyclable  free smoke is available 
 drinking a thumbprint by @magnoliabeer @ smokestack  
 idk if he couldn lay pipe tho he smokes
 this guy just asked me out on a date over facebook and says you know a nice dinner  smoke a blunt. oh
 the weed cant change the way ive been feelin
 need a weed man rn.
 i hate when my weedmen get jobs yo
 thirsty niggas use weed to try and finesse pussy... it works sometimes tho 
 i need all the smokes and all the edibles 
 about to smoke my last blee for a while  maybe until my birthday then stop again 
 if he doesnt give you weed  is that really your boss 
 last night some girl with blue hair and piercings asked me if i had weed to sell her. i said do i look like i sell 
 me i have a fucking migraine  mom i have some weed  you can have some  me 
 buhhhhh guess who loses the weed money riah loses the weed money 
 shit  they already got buttercup sounding like she smoke cigarettes 
 need weed 
 need to smoke
 i got in the car and just inhailing that weed had me trippy . i asked my mama if we could go to a mcdonalds and it was a really a shell 
 this guy fuckin looked at me like i was trying to buy some weed or some shit
 if my aunt smoke my shit im gon be mad as hell.
 so i just tried to blow os with my blunt smoke and i nailed it.  throatgamestrong
 i need to cut down on the amount of weed i smoke
 posted up on da cona movin dat marijuana 
 no but really tho cause my tolerance level for weed is ass. i need to smoke a good amount to get high now  a blunt wont do the job
 childish gambino  hookah  beer  weed   blessed way to end my day
 i need to smoke
 oh good  my glasses fell in weed @allergies
 im latina. we drink  smoke weed  and go crazy and have latina meltdowns. we dont need no lines for that. that shit natural 
 i smoke too much.. im going to cut down to 5 grams a week... but i need this shit only way i keep sane.
 i still feel hungover wtf  i need some weed in my life
 i could reeeeally use some weed
 i need to smoke 
 when a random guy buy you some  and he doesnt smoke 
 i need weed now
 could use some weed right now.
 im bored amp need weed
 @fineeask you got prescribed weed you need to hmu
 i like weed but i dont like weed heads they really be stuck on stupid
 i just wantt to smokee a extendoo
 hey who gots weed to sell 
 ugh i need to smoke
 no way u smoke stoges dude super sick nasty 
 after any drug i do other than weed  i need a blunt lol
 i still have weed in an altoids tin. california souvenir. i should trash it. im sure its expired.
 i need to smoke man 
 i hate when a dude messages me or comments on my pic like i got what u need um unless u speaking of weed dont be on my shit 
 i need to smoke
 inhaling all this smoke on the way to work for the past couple days making me sick as hell
 how was my 2016 my bestfriend left my brother for dead then tried to smoke his tree w me wby
 i have a clip that i wanted to smoke before work  but if i get as high as i was last night  everyone at work will know
  just smoke real weed 
 a house republican has revived bernies bill to end the federal ban on weed  
 bitch i smoke to much i aint selling no tree buy a oz it go straight to my lungs
 the dansville mcdonalds fire was in a fryer. a lot of smoke  three engines and ambulances respond.
 they sell weed in cleveland too 
 finna rt @itsqueenlexx  i need to smoke
 ayyyyy das me when i tried my first weed 
 till i smoke lol then ion be feelin that shit no mo
 love me or hate me   imma still smoke this blunt and get this money 
 im tryna smoke right quick
 i need to smoke lmao
 risky behavior what like death wtf is fake weed bro lol @jrspudlewis 
 lmao im really trappin these shirts like weed. shit too easy
 it needs to be a fun class tho with free alcohol and weed so everyone shows up on time so ppl can know adulting can 
 @breakitdowndc no i need some weed.
 fuck all that drama amp bullshit you going through  roll up amp smoke a blunt with me
 @bthbbq do you guys do a smoke school and im coming for lunch this week. thanks for the reminder.
 i need some weed 
 i need to find a weed man in columbus
 woke up to no fucking tree. these 710 cartridges cool  but i like to smoke.
 cut through that smoke  they have my back  i will prevail  i dont need that
 guns  weed  escorts shopify sites offering much more than breitbart 
 @xaprilshowers harshest hit the smoke hits your throat like wild fire lol
 on my way to work this morning a audi tried racing me i smoked him  chargergang
 we gave a homeless man 2 and he asked us for weed instead 
 padre just told me hes happy i stopped sellingthat i should just buy oz to smoke and not sell lbs. my dad deadass thought i was the plug
 just hide the weed when they get you mad 
 im really not ur mans... i just met you to buy some weed  so quit texting me bout some xans 
 i need someone to smoke with 
 this spanish speaking patient is wearing a weed hat that says weed going across her forehead and she doesnt even know
 @prodroots for real. like just smoke the shit
 @lindsaympls @jdhovland @arburnside @jonmbauer this was also presmoking ban. so not only alcohol and other fluids  but cig smoke
 i was smoking cannabis way before it was legalized. does that count as civil disobedience
 if i buy weed from you less than a day ago  dont text me the same day asking if i need more 
 i need to smoke
 useful piece on the medical effects of regular marijuana use. the karma is not all good. 
 him selling weed doesnt really help the story either tho. 
 this white person wearing a weed shirt and socks just said namaste to me. its only monday  dude  wtf.
 they did have comments however  when some dude smoked a joint in his car 
 my pipes came in. no more riding around sounding like a weed whacker
 just realized i smoked all my weed 
 really fucking bored so guess i go drive around downtown and give homeless people weed... love good karma
 colorado legalized marijuana ... those people over there obviously have some sense 
 who needs some shake its like normal weed but already ground up and with a much better 
 @kianlawley did u smoke weed in amsterdam
 there should be a return policy for weed
 colorado gives free iuds and weed is legal for recreational consumption.. sounds like the place to be
 @loloida ill send you a smoke signal if i need you shawty.
 lol yall hoes thought yall was gon smoke for free huh
 @patsow @silvergirl1072 @jacquidelaney who thinks cannabis is a human right. id talk to your school about a refund.
 the government smokes spice 
 imma tweet quick sesh  every time i smoke to really see no much i smoke 
 who tryna smoke some oil with me
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 bih you smoke bigarettes  fuck out my face 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 some good weed and some good friends is all i really need
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 i need weed
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 @iowahemp hell walmart should sell weed
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 dont sleep tho i got homies who make a hell of a living off sellin just weed lol 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 this makes a lot of sense actually because throws down smoke bomb  but after the smoke clears im still there  amp y 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 a real friendd lights you up when you have no weed or money.
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 snoop dogg is a complete black asshole. just smoke pot and shut up.  dickhead.
 me i have a migraine                               my boss smoke a blunt        ...lol
 me i have a migraine                                       my boss smoke a blunt... lol wut
 the dangerous behaviors of teens who use fake weed 
 convinced the only way 2 get over the flu is 2 drown urself in dayquil amp marijuana
 need some marijuana 
 hi procrastination  your 50 hours of community service amp dui  of freakin marijuana  classs is due in tminus 36 hours d
 @woodyharrelson is enthusiast amp activist ahemanarchist like me 4 the legalization of both marijuana and hemp. successfulstoners
 some of ya plugs been on the government weed then lol 
 i need weed in dtx
 but how jeff sessions in trump set it up open back private prisons in trying to make weed a crime again man u get caught with rion u fucked
 @bexmader @bachelorabc now  dont you wish you could travel by a quick swirl of green smoke  selena greenrules ouat
 i need some of the weed this guy has been smokin lol 
 couldnt pay me to smoke that shit  
 i need to smoke tonight 
 i need some weed
 oh shit  hide the weed shaggy. 
 i want to cancel everything that iam suppose to do tonight and just fuckin smoke and sleep
 man i need to smoke some
 winter is coming so a glass of laguintas willett is in order. maybe also some wicked weed dark 
 imma need some weed tonight 
 i need me a shawty that gon smoke with me 
 im tryna smoke tho 
 a guy with two cigarettes in his mouth asked me if i need a smoke.
 i need to smoke. now.
 quick  she needs another smoke grenade  mtpol whereselsie 
 this exactly why i dont sell weed. weed man gotta have twelve jobs or move pounds to make it work. smh. weedmen file taxes out here.
 ok weed tho
 i need to smoke a fucking blunt
 maybe some weed forfunzies @stassi pumprules 
 i have this cannabis bath bomb that needs to be used 
 i need some weed.
 i need female plugs im tired of curving just give me my weed 
 glass blunts are really great for smoking marijuana without using papers. @7pipe  unlike many 
 i hate quiet smokers like wtf i need you here for calmly should of faced my shit
 lol you trippen man  theres no skips on it. maybe you need to smoke one and put it in rotation again. 
 i need to smoke 
 @cbsnews @majorcbs there is none. smokescreen 2 distract fr real issue which is treason committed by nero amp putin. this is real. spies in wh
 i really need smoke man i feel like shit
 you can buy weed and alcohol but cant buy needs for your daugther 
 i buy weed at 1000 on a monday wearing a robe. who am i
 i just realized i can no longer use the excuse at least im not smoking weed or something bc ive been caught up haha
 cleveland show amp a lil smokesumo 
 @livelikelex so is weed  so is alcohol. why me
 @cnn smoke the real stuff kids
 really need some weed amp company. im depressed.
 i need weed
 finna smoke dis bud and watch stupid shit on netflix lol
 monday night smoke session live on the gotti show 
 when bull shit blow you smoke some weed then you going to feel like fuck that bull shit
 you stealing weed  what a bum lol it aint that serious
 smfh tho......a nigga b mad at the world for no reason when i aint smoked..lol what a dick 
 yoo i need to smoke just so i can sleep 
 really need to smoke  praying my uber driver with the shits.
 tryna smoke with @raesremmurd and get lit to swang tbh
 3 dudes just pulled up to us in a 711 and tried to buy weed from braaty. hes wearing a lululemon jumpsuit  flip flops and a srat hat
 i need 2 smoke
 i need a smoke so i can sleep  im so hyped rn for no reason
 pussy money weed
 i need god damn weed to rub on my knee sos lol
 espn and smoke and syracuse is ass for not making the tournament
 wildflower humor part ii. must be retaliation for all the weed eaters. b.c. by mastroianni and hart  via @gocomics
 im so hungry and i need weed.
 but smoke or sell a little tree tree and you the lowest type of person in earth  man fuck the system fam
 lmao imma still smoke doe. 
 coworkers tried to peer pressure me into smoking weed the other day lol
 teens who use fake weed are also more likely to die 
 does marijuana cause cancer | psychology today 
 my boss made me smoke a cigarette with him so we could talk about his life 
 i need to smoke
 i smoke woods. that boy pussy  yea he swisher sweet 
 so is the federal ban on marijuana. livefreeordie freedom 
 i need to smoke 
 i wouldnt be here where i am today  if it wasnt for the help of marijuana  @jenny69  wise worlds china 
 no way in hell id ever let the government give me weed. not trusting those morherfuckers
 real smoke 
 i need to smoke some pot or something. i need to get happy
 happy birthday to my gay brother @brianpetrillo maybe he wouldnt of been gay if he didnt smoke so much weed
 you wouldnt take out takeout broke ass nigga ...amp you smoke trash nigga ...ya weed look like parsley...i hit that marley
 just need someone to smoke me tf out
 i need to smoke
 lol im fr the only server on my shift that doesnt smoke squares
 this is an insult to all smokers. maybe this is whats causing the violence jeff sessions is talking about. smh. 
 u be blowin boof i dont smoke dat 
 what i need is a lady that can burn a little weed.
 she gave up custody of her daughter just to smoke drink n tueveryone comin at me sayin im pathetic   but what do you call that ..
 lol the government marijuana is what they use to do their tests and labs and stuff 
 i need weed wtf
  makes more sense weve been looking at it wrong somebody give them some smoke  
 there really needs to be a delivery service for smokes and alcohol. @notethiopian want to invest
 government marijuana  yea definitely spice so they can say marijuana bad for ya. nice try
 some girls are smoking weed in universal studios ahaha california is a different world
 government issued weed.. shit just sounds off lol
 shit so peaceful and relaxing i can drink and smoke in my own shit.
 is there anyone in college thaat smokes good ass weed more than once a day and still keeps up with work i dont think that shit possible.
 i smoke by the qp not the oz
 lmao the government smokin the grass stuck in my cleats this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 imma start my break from weed soon
 wow my buds go to other weedmen when they could just come to me  bet
 lmao and they gon tax the shit too  gon be paying 30 a gram to smoke some shit that came off a christmas tree 
 it may look like hes got all the answers  ur panties gettin soaked as he slowly blows smoke out of his nostrils  like some wise caterpillar
 its really some shit that my apartments are smoke free
 i got pulled over n had to swallow a gram  everyone time i burp i taste weed
 so the government really been making grass ass weed 
 sitting here thinking should i give yall greenteaandgreenweed smoke session vol. 3 42017  
 the lady at the smoke shop suggested the coolest favors  she a real one 
 jeff sessions to enforce federal marijuana laws in an appropriate way 
 real smoke  
 it cost to smoke. real shit
 to whoever joins me on small lil road trip to federal way i shall reward you with a hefty smoke sesh
 @wsk28rules @russellmania621 i agree...seems like a ltd is still possible.  all this leaked info...where theres smoke  right...
 @wsk28rules @russellmania621 i agree...seems like a ltd is still possible.  all this leaked info...where theres smoke  right...
 when the plug asks how the weed was 
 who needs a diamond ring when you got crystals on your reefer
 this is the kind of weed dudes on the third floor of reilly hall try to sell you 
 smoke a little weed but her shit together
 hey @drewontheradio amp @sethkush   are  @thejohnsenning weed socks made of hemp just think they should be. lod dgl
 nah wtf is this. lol what government has weed like this the soviet union 
 i need to smoke so i could eat 
 when the government legalizeweed i advise yall not to smoke that shit. bet when its all said and done some new outbreak or disease start
 yaane if it was hardextremely inconvenientlifethreatening to smoke in this country  this snowstorm makes it outright impossible.
 so all these fake ass weedman need to give that shit up
 potus45 is threatening the pot industry to enforce federal laws to ban growing and selling marijuana. wow i say buzz off  you old windbag
 need some smoke . everybody bs tho
 need some smoke . everybody bs tho
 need weed delivered to me in colorado.
 those are the plugs who serve just to get bud to smoke themselves 
 just need something to smoke 
 need to smoke and talk shit thru
 called my grandma asked her if she wanted to smoke weed and she just hung up lol 
 pulaski tennesse home of walter beech from kansas future site of beechnut farms when tennessee legalized marijuana for hemp starships
 hey car smokers who throw their cig buds out the window  really and if you are my friend and smoke  please call me... we need to talk rant
 i need to smoke hella bad. amp i need chicken too. the struggle. the fucking struggle
 maybe ill be in a better mood if i had something to smoke
 sos i need weed
 lets smokee
 i need a weed sponsorship
 im outta hemp oil
 i need some weed delivered to my door   wassup
 maybe a little weed too 
 need some good weed in the city too
 @brasillmatic dawg go sell weed or sum
 i used to smoke stressed now the shit legal i can make a rolls royce feel like a regal
 my man is such a weed head.
 ive been listening to bone thugs all fucking day.......im ready to smoke all your weed and sell crack
 i feel like im going to need a post rachelmaddow cigarette..and i most definitely do not smoke
 i need weed in westchester 
 president trump will weed money it the traitor trash  
 yo the spectrum guy tried selling me xans and weed 
 the shit i smoke is like cholesterol
 @jaedynflorio holy smokes 
 trainspotting 3 they smoke trumps tax returns
 whats more aggravating to wait for  ius inevitable embarrassment or trumps tax returns being smoke and mirrors
 got my weed im such a happy camper 
 sdlive bray staring in the camera. dark. quiet. smoke behind him. whispers i was naked. lmao
 i need to fucking smoke
 ngl  this has been a fun night on twitter  but i cant help but think these tax returns are a bit smokescreeny
 i need some goggles for how often the wind switches up on me and blows smoke straight in my face
 fuck man support your local weed man. 
 need weed
 the government hates weed since they have nothing but boof tree  
 @petworthnewvie perceived smokescreen by trump or a lackey  per analysts. it definitely opens more doors than slams them.
 who has family in austin i need gas. i feel sick i need weed
 90s sitcom weed episodesgtgtgtgt
 i just need someone to smoke with...
 @aklimovsky this is a serious problem tho someone sell me weed
 government weed doesnt look like what youd expect  
 i smoke so much now the shit is annoying 
 i need some weed
 i had good grades cause i use to sale my teacher weed...
 oh  we know ... we just need fire  not just a bunch of smoke. need to find the right arsonist  anarchist in trump 
 when you get in the car and the first phrase said is is everyone in here smoke friendly lmao bet
 talkin to buddy right now. shawty say he likes livin in austin cuz not many dope boys. he can sell his weed n shrooms n cops neva know.. 
 i need to smoke 
 yall like the way your clothes smell after a smoke session
 @unifclothing hire me so i can live in california and smoke with @chevleia 
 this guy at the gym just told me its a federal offense to smoke weed
 i need to fuckin smoke
 i need some weed in my fucking life
 support this local enterprise holy smokes is it good 
 he was licking on my nana made me so high like marijuana
 these tax returns are a smoke screen. like when teresa tried to blame jacqueline for melissas set up.
 i need some ganja
 appears as if a seized penthouse motor might be the cause of smoke at the llb campus. we await official confirmation.
 donald trump smokes reggie 
 this trashy woman wanted to smoke instead of allowing me to purchase a drinkgas. lol so fucking pathetic. literally turned me away.
 when you really need bud to smoke but st.paul dry af. 
 i need some weed
 every time im rey fucking smoke i bet the bgs yo  shit make me so uncomfortable
 need a smoke break 
 i need to smoke
 i smoke hell of weed  but im on my shit 
 you drop ya panties for weed  
 sometimes i feel like you just blow smoke up my ass. and just humor me. idk ill have to analyze more
 i dont feel the need to rewind  i just need good weed amp me time.
 i need a baddie to smoke with
 guess imma smoke a bowl and think on it 
 real shit any nigga who smokes at school and is high during class is a fucken loser only idiots do that shit
 i really had the best weed today so to them people from chicago  def need there plug
 im tryna smoke a blee and watch all the fridays
 hey i have hella weed to sell if anyone is searching 
 i need to smoke nowwwwwwww
 need to smoke
 i need to smoke a cigarette
 @tonystewart smoke you need to find out what the hell is going on with @stewarthass r fucking e natzi shit..dissa fucking pointed. wtf
 i do need to buy weed tomorrow .
 @robreiner the more the smoke the more the ridiculousness from potus all week talking about wire tap burying real news in bullshit 
 the song smokey by @emmuremusic gets me fucking hyped every time i listen to it  bestshitever 
 wow really trump taxes returns from 2005 this us just smoke and mirrors
 @vaporsquad97 @washingtonpost government lets keep the buds and sell the stems and shit  theyll smoke twice as much trying to get high
 if lil lapdog @donaldjtrumpjr released this 05 tax return as a smoke screen for big daddy  so what  it means they fear the coming tsunami
 i need to smokeeeeeee
 yall smoking dick if you think im gone smoke that bullshit 
 @cnnpolitics who cares moron planted return 2 satisfy trumpers. means zip. real collusion  corruption behind smoke 
 @joenbc do not focus on tax returns this is smoke and mirrors all smoke concentrate on the russia connection to trump amp campaign.
 lol @msnbc hyped about obtaining @potus tax returns and reported them in a flop on @maddow  and now cry smoke and mirrorplant 2 distract
 @alilbitoferyn man....its smoke amp mirrors  if anyone else had done it  they wouldve released the entire return not just the 1040 form
 stuck in traffic for 3 hours. at least i have my travel humidor nowsmoking 30minute smoke 
 i need to smoke before i start breaking shit in here
 need to smoke
 if you want a weed mask just make one out of hemp oil  avocado  spirulina power  and patchouli oil
 he was like um weed smokers use that .. me  
 ... tho he didnt specifically address issue of federal prosecution of marijuana laws in states that have legalized its use. ...
 @realdonaldtrump maybe snoop dog should be investigate for all the weed he buys.
 i really should sell weed.. im just apprehensive about having to be so social all the time
 i need to start selling weed and saving that money.
 if jeffrey beauregard sessions was as concerned with solving a real scourge like crystal meth as he is with weed  we might get somewhere.
 dont laugh at jeff sessions statements about marijuana. oppose him. he has the power to destroy thousands  maybe millions of lives over it.
 they need to make weed legal already humpday wednesdaywisdom
 drybrush chimney smoke infront evergreen trees scout scouting in promising to do my best oil painting 
 @kingswiftt bap ass shit im tryna smoke weed from pablo
 mom planted a bag of parsley in my backpack then took it out and asked if it was weed and i said ma i have better hiding places then that 
 hes a pot head tho  smokes like twice while were working  still works fine tho  but he brought me a smoothie this morning  and im like 
 and this outright lie about marijuana is not random. its calculated to build a case for filling private prisons with ppl who possess it. 
 need new people to smoke with
 all snoop dog does is smoke weed amp chillllllll  trump needs a blunt or 10
 @pinkluv212 who needs to pay a massage therapist when i have smokey lol 
 why does 45 remind me so much of the wizard of oz  con man  smoke and mirrors  pay no attention to the man behind the curtain...  trump
  seriously. this happened when 45 leaked his own 2 paged tax return. smoke and mirrors. resist trumptaxreturns
 bored as hell 420 trade so shit for weed i need to get some weed text friends lasanimaspark 
 my@nigga smoke purp is real lol 
 does anyone in new braunfels sell weed plz help
 are you salty because he didnt invite you to the smoke session  
 if i smoke a cig now will it all go to hell
 i need to smoke...
 i need to smoke.
 tried the brisket get it on the texan  durtydough or in a sandwiches today dry rubbed  slow smoked  perfection 
 need weed
 i need a change of scenery man. washington to depressing. it aint shit to do here but smoke weed and work.
 sessions triples down on marijuana as dangerous  says mmj hyped and stupid as a solution to opioid crisis 
 sit down smoke a blunt and reminisce about how shit use to be
 i dunno.  never fucked with junk. but weed helps my dilapidating migraines and made my pops comfortable in his last 
 this cali weed tho 
 fyi taking a breather today on southbybowwow bc holy smokes im tired and need some sxsw reprieve today be back tomorrow tho 
 need some smoke 
 i need somewhere to smokeee  help
 @xrawzac u need weed money its ok
 the vast majority of federal sentences for marijuana crimes went to hispanics last year  
 im getting so annoyed  imma just smoke this clip
 that mid day smoke session 
 brush ya teeth afta ya smoke pls...mouth be smellin like an infection
 i need some weed
 imma wear it first then imma smoke it  
 need someone to smoke these cookies with.
 definitely need to smoke...
 i need my own weed man
 i need real weed. not this shake shit. 
 donald trump smokes reggie  
 dear @jeffsessions   youre a incompetent dick...how you could compare heroin use with marijuana use absolutely astounds me  please rt this
 ill gladly produce amp publish all my medical records. my doctors support my marijuana use for medicinal purposes 
 how far will the government go to hide the benifits of cannabis... fuckin ridiculous
 ima smoke this joint then imma break you off
 i need to smoke...like yesterday
 jeff sessions medical marijuana has been hyped  maybe too much  marijuana slightly less awful than heroin 
 jeff sessions marijuana research materials. 
 hell yea anything can be tho rt @mstoscimarie do yall think marijuana can be addicting
  do yall smoke..  fuck we were dead as hell 
 if we get rid if marijuana completely  who the fuck is going to buy the cookies he makes in that little elf tree of 
 same. and weed. i upgraded from the free shit. 
 jeff sessions knows the us govt. has had a patent on marijuana for medicinal use only since 1979. yet they say it useless.
 this bill would eliminate the federal ban on marijuana  via @menshealthmag
 @thefive the share holders at gm got smoked  pennies on the dollar robin hood obama took from the share holders amp gave it to the employees
 @repjeffdenham ag jeff sessions want to restrict marijuana usage and go back to the just say no campaign. do you think this is wise
 i need free weed   ijs
 jeff sessions marijuana is only slightly less awful than heroin  makes me mad.
 jeff sessions marijuana only slightly less awful than heroin  via @bostonmagazine
 snoop dogg not a nice person. hes a thug who makes  promoting cop killings  pimping girls  smoking weed amp boasting abt gang life. clown
 there needs to be cannabis chewdip.... cannachewcannadip 
 @salon the just say no campaign doesnt work and going after weed is just stupid.
 jeff sessions marijuana only slightly less awful than heroin  what a god damn loon.  
 maybe we could treat them at least as harsh as cannabis users  
 jeff sessions college gf totally cheated on him with her weed dealer
 ifightwith cancer  cannabis
 @michellekomo @nymag state sponsored alcohol way worse than marijuana
 when jeff sessions talks about how bad weed is  make no mistake that its code for an excuse to lock up more black 
 bruh i need to grow a garage full of weed  lol
 amp i need to smoke
 if i smoked weed i would need the biggest blunt in the world right now
 i need someone to smoke me out real quick
 i smoke so much  i be forgetting the shit illegal    smokey you still in rehab  i need to come to hell
 hope springs     like a blessed weed   share it with others     who are in need                 
 no amount of weed pussy or money can distract me from this
 dont we have enough anecdotal evidence across this country to prove sessions remarks on weed are complete shit 
 i smoke weed for the same reason people wear glasses  to improve my view of the world
 in need of ganja 
 i need smoke eaters in muhhh life asap
 jeff sessions marijuana is only slightly less awful than heroin 
 jeff sessions on marijuana drug is only slightly less awful than heroin  smoke pot hes coming after u
 im smokin bomb ass weed feelin crucial  tupac
 note in this tweet  i am wearing a tshirt that says i love weed wow this is bullshit 
 man i need to smoke but ill be damn if i smoke outside
 brought durban poison over but colleague forgot the pipe.. we had tangerine handy tho and it worked perfectly 
 i need to smoke like 4 20s  
 @nathanceleski but im only a comedian in the same way that people who smoke infrequently are stoners. im pretty lazy.
 just got a smoke session going tonight that quick 
 whose his weed man  we need to speak to him. 
 need a baddie that smoke goodie
 u ever see a really uptight person n just think... wow.. u should smoke a blunt.. maybe masturbate.. chill out homie
 i could really go for a smoke session rn
 me trying to find a damn plug for marijuana right now. 
 smoking weed in the dark
 sign this petition demanding trump backs off cannabis and keeps campaign pledge 
 foreal tho someone smoke
 i need to smoke
 @notablehistory @kd5gsp makes no sense for this kind of smoke to take precedence with these 2. guess folks just take gods gifts for granted
 i need to smoke
 i need to smoke.
 i really might smoke this next theory exam
 i dont smoke a lot but i could use about 2 packs right now.
 i want to smoke out mickey mouse.
 need me a smoker @shawnmedina13 
 @cnn even poor people need weed. give it away . all of it
 smell that smoke that shit linger
 someone donates half a bucket of weed and you call cnn.... some of yall really stupid lmao 
 picking up some smoke chilling like a villain fdp brodyrain northernlights 
 shit got real when smoke killed
 the fucking weed 
 the fucking weed 
 the fucking weed 
 like a backwood ill smoke shawty.
 i need to pick up and smoke fr fr
 my guns need nicotine they smoke more than me
 when your squad smokes a bowl for you in your absence @briramirez13 @brittrenee13 @jdr1026 
 i need a man that wants to smoke blunts in bed by candlelight 
 @ivythugin yeah  but if you tryna smoke  manman bored amp in need of weed 
 earlier today some random guy tried to sell me weed
 in need of marijuana
 i need to go to smokey bones.
 sessions was on the weed  non medical 
 i need to do laundry. pack. smoke. and sleep.
 wtf i miss my weed man
 me you only use us for weed and food lionel and rides too  me amp marisa you asshole
 @cnnbrk beyond the smoke and mirrors this is the best method the building and ensuring overcharging buy insurance companies.
 i just realized i damn near got da smokey fit on   hell naa 
 who needs diamonds on your ring when theres crystals on my reefer  @meechisdead
 wow. super shout out to @caspaofficial for the wutang sample roll that shit light that shit smoke it.
 also enhances my gifts so much i love this shit i rather weed myself n wait 4 love or b loved no more imma swinger quite be no shame no pain
 jeff sessions medical marijuana has been hyped  maybe too much   mr expert on russia lying
 imma weed weed weed weed high weed weed
 jeff sessions marijuana is only slightly less awful than heroin 
 this smoke session gone do me some good rn.
 seriously need a weed man right now 
 why do i like to smoke so early in the morning smh i need to just get a gf already or some shit
 i really need to smoke
 nobody needs marijuana in their life more than jeff sessions 
 i wish people could still smoke on planes because then maybe they would talk less.
 where is the weed fuck this shit.
 watch me smoke dis cookie bet not nan nigga do shit to me.
 i thought  ill have some marijuana...then  nah  ill have some heroin. jeff says its only a little worse for me.  
 coo twitter used to slander anything related to weed now yall pop edibles like kiddie vitamins lol
 i jus found out recreational marijuana use is legal is massachusetts so yea i could get used to dis 
 ima get my license to sell amp ima just sell weed amp make art the rest of my life sounds good
 told her ima smoke her if she give my pussy up 
 someone come fucking plug me please i need some damn weed 
 russell smokes one to left center bringing in tesoriero and santaromita. 30 blues
 call me the chiefer with this reefer and shit
 i need some fucking marijuana
 @biteshisnails @harryslaststand it was two pages of one year of returns. its a smokescreen  hed be impeached if he released any more.
 farm work today. its the time of yr where some of the wildflowers have to be weededmowed. hate to see them go but 
 i just need a guy who will smoke all his weed with me and make me smile. real shit
 are you loaded you fucking weed head  
 watch this moon set over wku  along with the fire smoke puff into a temperature inversion science awesome 
 @realdonaldtrump  get rid of jeff sessions. he thinks weed is a problem. people who have special interest in pharma are a problem.
 @19purple66 @cnn patrick i sense you maybe experiencing irritation symptoms have some weed and calm down 
 someone smoke me up. ill return the favor with friendship
 @braydenpoe8 i smoked some camel 9s once and gave them away i couldnt do it  the pack was so cute tho lol
 bought some weed from a homeless man shit was some gas
 rip to selena i listen to ya sing while im rolling the weed up 
 these bitches aint shit amp pussy is my greatest vice i love smoking weed ... i hate advice.
 just say no    what is sessions obsession with weed did he get cucked by a deadhead or something
 everyone sells weed now omfg
 have you ever seen a priest wearing weed socks we have. 
 pussy money weed is all you really need
 im a thug nigga  i dont smoke hookah  yg
 .@stormyvnv @drsanjaygupta @jointhemajority  need to think more on marijuana as health issue. will its smokers be exempt from copd doubt it
 she sucked that smoke back in so quick  
 @smoss u nickel dime dickhead what the fuck you know about anything but sucking dicks. shut up asshole go the fuck back the hood smoke dope
 i came across the trippy looking weed they look like caterpillars @ crest steel corp 
 ever feen so hard u just smoke da rello
 lol we met a plug last night that sold weed like illegally iguess . he was like do you need bud lol 
 armed and dangerous  aint too many can bang with us  straight up weed  no angel dust  label us notorious 
 lmao this shit is so fucking stupid just smoke some weed dumbass 
 i had good grades cause i use to sell my teacher weed
 have you tried or use regularly medical marijuana do share your personal experience. not asking for a sales pitc 
 15 years for marijuana tho 
 where is jeff sessions getting his information about marijuana has he been watching reefer madness
 yesterday as i was leaving the smoke shop  a kid asked me if i could buy him wraps and sell him tree... 
 a customer was telling me about how he just vacationed in colorado and i asked him if he smoked weed but he got offended and didnt tip me
 dude  theres no need to yell the weeds already loud enough. 
  1spice joint  100 standard cannabis joints. catatonic zombielike behavior
 imma drink up  imma smoke some keep it movin it was nice to know ya
 i really need to quit getting high and hiding my weed... theres not even anyone to hide it from
 weed makes people happy and relaxed. do yourself a favor and smoke it 
 @attn @interpretingall  youd think a dope like sessions would know about marijuana
 i need to smoke
 me as a garbage man blowing smoke u wouldnt believe the shit ppl throw away
 damn i just bought @biggigantic weed im giggling like a schoolgirl wish concert wasnt sold out tho
 i need weed
 im sick of this bullshit smoke in aurora 
 just discovered its our life goal to smoke a joint with a comedian.
 hello all of my weed smoking friends im planning on selling for my plug so if you need bud in center city or northeast soon hmu thx
 in an effort to beat my depression i cleaned my bong  but also so i can actually fucking smoke it. 
 to be fair tho bron did smoke weed lmfao
 powerful coconut oil capsules super marijuana infused coconut oil coconut oil batch  xxx a 
 @boomdudecom @ericheggie or national legalization of marijuana or a return to prereagan income tax levels. popular with youngnew voters
 shawty i got what you need me backwoods and hella weed 
 need to relax a bit  smoke a joint  . 
 i need to smoke. im just not having it today.
 need something 2 do after work besides smoke a perso .
 more americans now use prescription opioids than smoke cigarettes..how is this anyone over 18 can buy cigs. you need a script for meds
 najla dad just asked why do yall smoke marijuana 
 need someone to smoke all this weed with before my flight.
 need a smoke
 wish i could smoke right na datll be love  ill go right to sleep
 fing weeds. and i mean that in the reddit sense.. 
 so to mcdonalds for the weed yall the real og
 i need a smoke break and i dont smoke
  need weed
 i need some weed
 so her and her pussy smoke squares 
 my neighbors just asked if i wanted to smoke  wtf.  no
 fyi  when in a class by the drug task force about drugs  use technical terms. i will never hear the end of saying weed instead of marajuna
 hope you enjoyed my cigarette drama. dont smoke kids. its bad for you. im addicted and need help.
 i have a lot of dreams about smoking but doesnt make any sense because 1 i have asthma and 2 diabetics shouldnt smoke
 my mom just asked me if i really need to listen to music that talks about weed. so to answer that i played some 2 live crew 
 water and weed is the only thing i need bars
 dear jeff sessions heres that science on marijuana and opioids you were asking for  via @cannabist
 sell me weed
 i need a weed man asap 
 i be really thirsty. when i smoke 
 i need a weed man . my ex gf so trash at the shit . 
 @realdonaldtrump sir  as a voter and campaign worker or yours. can we please do something about mr. sessions cannabis saved my life
 jeff sessions has some very wrong opinions on drugs. he thinks marijuana is like heroin. 
 need smokes tf lol
 chilled with shawty who said she tried smoking but it didnt really do nothing..til i saw her blow all the smoke out her mouth and knew why
 omg i wonder if you could really get high if you smoked the joint out of your pussy
 i really need to smoke
 i bet jesus smoked weed
 @ardiemcfly umm  my nickname is ardie but im lady hemp all day1luv onepride
 you smoke yea
 this just inthe smartest brit teens are more likely to smoke pot and drink alcohol than their less intelligent peers  study says
 i need some weed
 bullshit dont blame the weed they probably suffocated it 
 fuck i need to smokeeee some fucking ganja 
 yall i was in the car with my boss and she real life pulled out the pipe and said wanna smoke
 @victoriacrosby will someone trade weed for sexual favors
 devin the dude your pussys been tampered with then you show him the new trick of how you can lick it  smoke a can 
 fcking weedheads.
 she really stole my weed  wtf.
 i can still smell the weed from todays venue its stuck in my nostrils forever
 got nobody to smoke this tree with 
 i need some smoke
 do you smoke weed pls rt for science.
 how i slide in my weed man messages when i need some weed 
 meet medical cannabis senior weapon retired oakland principal turned activist. 
 need some weed to end this feelin rite quick
 if you coming to a session this how i expect the weed to hit me  
 after this q im seriously done with weed til at least 420. im cutting sex out. alcohol is done after tomorrow. i need my head straight.
 my department head really need to smoke a blunt and relax
 sexual favors 4 weed pt 2 its for a friend
 i need some weed lol
 i need to smoke 
 its either this or its just annoying guys who either skate or smoke weed lmao 
 this is exactly why i smoke before bed lol i be knocked the hell out to avoid it all 
 i always want to share those   smoke weed together videos on facebook but i got my fam 
 yea i had a drink yea i smoked
 buzz looks like hes done a lot of marijuana or something. redeye
 i smoked weed with chiddy bang once  and just like he said  this life is a party
 and why is jeff sessions an idiot hes right about marijuana. redeye
 i need that cali weed damn u fuckin high lol 
 vegas i need weed help
 firefighters stay away from downtownraleigh  please. the fire will produce smoke for at least another day or so. 
 who is up that can sell me weed. your boy needs to sleep
 someone wake n bake w me by smoke me out hahaa
 mechanic ay you aint smokin weed in here huh me lmfao nah dawg  mechanic yea bullshit 
 mechanic ay you aint smokin weed in here huh me lmfao nah dawg  mechanic yea bullshit 
 i need to smoke  like now 
 human decency 101 dont stand upwind of the one person outside to smoke then look offended when i move further away 
 you are what you smoke man
 jeff sessions says marijuana is slightly less awful than heroin.   science says hes wrong.  jeff says  whats science know
 @joshspiegel needs weed.. @jss98rock @scott98rock @mikeanderson979
 bow thy heavens oh lord and come down touch the mountains and they shall smoke
 everyone who thinks communismkills also smokes 2 packs of camel crush cigarettes on a daily basis.
 both lol mainly weed tho 
 nigga where yo blunt i can make this pussy smoke trina 
 say less... i could come over and smoke and use it once lmaoo 
 can freely smoke weed again
 dont talk to me about politics  trump or weed. yall annoying. puff puff pass love is love stop fcking killing people. yay
 medical marijuana has been hyped maybe too much. those are the words our homegrown  freshoutofthebox attorney general  jeff sessions 
 nigga where yo blunt i can make this pussy smoke 
 sessions home state of people whose lives have been enriched by the medical use of cannabis oil an extract of marijuana with so little thc
 just busted the shit out of the smoke detector bc it wouldnt shut off 
 in need to smoke 
 this dude in a duramax tried to blow his black smoke on me and ran into the back of a car fucking losers
 @newsweek in wake of the question of treason charges against sessions and his fellow wh criminals  he is going to need some marijuana.
 7165177991 textcall she sells pussy for 30 andor will blow you for weed if she doesnt steal it from someone else blowhorehunterrains
 7165177991 textcall she sells pussy for 30 andor will blow you for weed if she doesnt steal it from someone else blowhorehunterraines
 need weed
 i mean roundup is killing bees  cats  birds  humans...oh yeah weeds too so maybe we dont need so many bees 
 recreational marijuana to carry on in nevada  say sandoval and lawmakers  despite federal threat 
 me when eye need to smoke  
 hes like quick get a picture so we can smoke it 
 follow the purple smoke ruckus notorioustcc notorious orlando treasurecoast orlandocitysc 
 listening to thug when you smoke 
 i need to smoke
 @toofmullets @beachpeanuts marijuana is no more dangerous than alcohol or cigarettes. all three have side effects from abuse.
 wearing a green lets get baked shirt on saint pattys and this lady had the nerve to say im disrespecting her by wearing a weed shirt
 once i smoke i really can give af about you .
 @dakotahuskins who doesnt smoke those  everyone round here smashes them shits
 a plane  with smoke coming from the right engine will make an emergency landing at punta gorda.
 @tyroneeee i have a bowl we can smoke it real quick cause work
 need some weed
 @ashhhhely smoke some
 @ashhhhely you need to just smoke it
 i need weed in miami. help.
 its only right i smoke a few with my brother. 
 brush fire near us 41  communities blocked off  large plumes of smoke. brushfire leeco leefire 
 @tokentre lol im a smoker tho.
 i need a weed man that deliver
 i just need to smoke frfr...
 i need some weed 
 i aint wearing green but imma smoke it 
 beware of janky contractors who smell like weed. suspect  metroislate thistooshallpass 
 i need to smoke this shiit
 man dis shxt nice af but dammit way da fuq imma smoke at
 this guy said if i could get him backstage to j boog hed give me a year of weed lol
 lil indian shawty at the smoke shop was lowkey fine as shit
 trump cut our funding so we had to go old school and cut our own post oak and smoke our own 11 
 @ianmckellen i call forth all weed from @sirpatstew you got it what say you of the time the @010the out source needs a wing for rocks eh tu
 quick question  why the fuck are we cutting down all of our trees when we can literally make paper out of hemp
 im mad i lost my weed now i gotta pick up again bullshit
 @brocktreasure thatd be cool asf  i think we are coming back for hemp fest on the 20th of april i was actually just about to hit you yp
 @mysterybrandman @iamstevent weed...  
 fuck ya washington i love our weed and oils
 most only need the oil amp that you can get from industrial hemp 
 yall niggas really aint shit  who tf childish enough to shout out to my dad at public  mr brandenburg  rj has weed under his bed  go on
 all the times i wanted to smoke and i just pictured his smile and was like naa if he cant i cant
 free smoke is available.
 i need juwantaes location i need to smoke 
 you smoke green motha fucka i sell it
 cant believe im wearing weed socks bruh smfh 
 and smoke lol
 need more weed to proceed
 a nigga like me blowin smokee
 hit me if you need smokers club 420 fest tix going for the low 
 her pussy is so marijuana
 i need some weed 
 tried selling weed i kept fucking up
 maybe if i go smoke all my weed ill feel better
 who tf calls marijuana joints bones
 my dad about the holes in my jeans looks like you got tangled up with a weed eater
 finally its just fuckin weed. they need it after they get the hell beat out of them. 
 @mmafighting punishment for marijuana use needs to be eliminated. it will be  in time. 
 who your weed man 
 we brung hennessy shawty pulled the weed outtt
 i need an on call weedman lmao
 something to smoke to ghwm  
 bih keep hollerin out smoke sumn told that bih bend it over let me poke sumn
 @cnnbrk smoke screen
 pussy weed and football is all ill ever need in life lol.
 i need to smoke 
 fuck this slow ass weed man. tired of this shit
 guess which roomie almost accidentally smoked crack in savannah she thought the friendly homeless man was offering her weed
 i need to smoke 
 i need to go smoke a jay
 need some weed 
 my tree was hybrid and we smoked my girls shit and im tired af now 
 wat i post to do w 20. after i smoke and eat. i need more money 
 in need of weed 
 tell u what tho..gotta who lotta weed to smoke before we get back on this plane 
 needs weeds help me
 need some weed to keep me calm
 need 2 smoke.
 @cannamedgardens @theloudbank weed ends everyday drama
 man i need to smoke
 who is the plug out here need some weed...asap 
 hell nah that fool can get smoked for all those years missed 
 need a smoke break like shit
 just because you smoke weed does not mean you are a thug nor a plug
 no one was interested in my air drop reefer and p0rn strategy to distract the daesh. 
 i smoke bc of my migraines 
 i need weed
 i need weed 
 man i need more friends that smoke 
 watch me smoke this cookie and nan bitch do shit to me 
 about to smoke and hit the sheets.. maybe..
 i need ah smoke a barewood asap  who got em in ny and moon rocc. ima be so high in cali tho
 im so bored ...  i need to smoke 
 use to try to flip 7 grams na i smoke it out da qp
 i need 2 smoke dope 2 sleep properly
 its yo fav edgy misunderstood teen from sufu wit the smokes n nikon hangin at sheep wishin you a happy st pats day. 
 yo i need to smoke   this alcohol shit aint right
 jose said he was gonna hide my weed wtf lmao
 i feel like crackie mcgee lmao i need to find some fuckin weed out here.
 we are still smoke testing just fyi salesforce now salesforcesaturday lol 
 the 50 pinchin off yalls tax returns cause yall speed and smoke dope
 i need to smoke 
 im just tryna smoke some weed while talk about life and shit
 flams goes up to a random guy and says this is my first pack of smvigs can you help me out the guy did everything but smoke it for him
 in need of weed
 help i need weed in nona trynna roll up  hml
 i need weed so bad
 i need some love and weed rite now
 in need of a smoke
 after i battle you imma smoke this herb  sell hustle nigga its back to the curb
 niggas be so thirsty inboxing me this early in the morning  if you aint delivering no weed dont inbox me at this time tf 
 need somewhere to smoke
 trump talks like me when ive smoked too much and am asked to explain something
 hell yeah people sell drugs in 2017 lol... weed  lean  xans  molly  percs  etc. 
 i just got pulled over for speeding  he smelt weed and wanted to search my car. i convinced him not to 
 woke up in my fur coat lookin for the smoke
 myleastfavorite4words youre busted for marijuana
 for us attorney general jeff sessions  the future of marijuana looks just like the past  
 i need to smoke 
 who needs a diamond ring when theres crystals on your reefer
 when your client says that she needs purple  sparkles and her friend smokes pot  you make a sparkly  purple pot car 
 fuck im bored need some weed  
 ion smoke tho  
 plymouth police also seized marijuana edibles  mushrooms and butane hash oil @repamnewsdesk 
 its fuck ing annoying  its weed  i dont use it  and that is losing to lose
 over come weed  everything  gets annoying   to make u use it but if you dont you win look  dum  to quit
 people ask me @marcustrains what do you use for oils do you use for cooking hempseed oil to bake 
 people ask me @marcustrains what do you use for oils do you use for cooking hempseed oil to bake 
 i either need to smoke or get some perc 30s cause tylenol amp advil are failing me right now 
 i need some weed
 killah leave me lone  cause ainno weed bih ainno line hitting  
 snoop you an the rest of ya negro malesters need to go back an smoke ya crack in the getto and bow wow is straight up nigger an snoop is too
 @ijustbeplayin the hell is weed bar like candy my guy 
 @theellenshow @katyperry @renealane @zeldawilliams she sells weed so we just call her gram for short 
 i need weed and a bomb back massage
 .@ryanjnewmans team not concerned with the smoke coming from his car during that red flag period. just some coatin 
 i need ganja
 need to smoke lol
 we win the war against poison ivy  kudzu   and weeds. hire our goats 
 @leahr77 @dollfinish @cnn @msnbc what the hell is he doing in this picturepulling weeds
 all we use to do is fuck and smoke
 hell nah weed my nyquil 
 walked into my second session today with some junk on my mind.. smoked my pr then tried to do 
 imma smoke weed and cry all day
 some men need killer weed  some men need cocaine  some men need some cactus juice  to purify 
 @cnnpolitics smoke and mirrors to distract from real issues russian hacking us government computer systems  this could do real harm to us.
 i dont smoke but yea 
 that real smoke 
 need weed
 a guy that doesnt smoke but buys you weed
 hospitals be tryna set u up they be like do u smoke yea i smoke so tf what bitch
 if i roll one now  imma only smoke half that bih
 im not mad at them. not a smoker but all about legalization. less crime and addictions. 
 ladies. do weed dealers really be trynna smoke yall out just to fuck maybe hes lonely dealers are human too
 just because you smoke and think about wierd shit doesnt make you woke lol
 need another drink from smokey bones  shit hit lol
 lol man i dont smoke i need a different solution 
 @micadiy weed needs better pr
 yea i had a drink  yea i smoked .. yea you thought i need you but i dont   
 chillin at pann with nick real quick. he gonna be mad af when i smoke his shit lol 
 all that you are is all that i need. rising like the smoke  you linger on meeee.
 @methanojen that said  one of my early campaigns was first in ca anyway successful marijuana decrim campaign  so i have some cred.
 hes fuckin snoop dogg hes just tryna smoke weed and produce jams tf 
 7thampfinal day in california beercation starts with lunch amp tour @magnoliabeer smokestack  very tasty indeed 
 light that shit  smoke that shit  pass that shit 
 wtf  he smokes better than i did  
 the jesus lizard prophetically whispers to me in a smoke of consciousness and a haze of spirit nights his soul secr 
 @byyourlogic to pretty to smoke imho
 jeff sessions revealed his bias saying nice people dont smoke marijuana. federal marijuana laws are hypocritical amp have to be repealed.rt
 real queens smoke that shit . 
 i need to smoke  this is stupid as fuck
 i feel like @johnmayers twitter is someone who just tried weed for the first time and needs everyone to know witho 
 need smoke
 i need to smoke
 free smoke @ that snitch ass nigga
 free smoke bang
 i need to hear that free smoke again tho
 how imma be if i ever smoke with my mom 
 shawty said she smoked a xanny 
 cloudy vision jeff sessions wants to revive nancy reagans just say no campaign with a renewed focus on weed 
 i need some weed man 
 me when i smoke that good shit  
 i had da most amazing massage life is brazy wow i never need to smoke weed again 
 he tried to hype us up for free smoke but.....
 fyi joe bendik on purple smoke it was pause distracting. i thought  hm  i cant see the ball  so i walked out of it. i love it though
 i need a smoke break
 yea ross drop some smoke no stunting 
 we really live in a country where marijuana is condemned as opposed to cigarettes and alcohol. merika 
 free smoke is that shit
 another day off another day doing some barbecue. i need a bigger smoker also need to get better cutting the ribs 
 i need a smoke 
 the childish for that soon nigga couldnt smoke nomore 
 as someone who isnt a drake fan  i wish he did more stuff like skepts interlude and free smoke  less that singalong shit
 caleb just said all he thinks about is pussy money weed and trevor
 free smoke is really heat drake was talking his shit
 i need to smoke 
 i just need to smoke
 take out... @ smoke tree bbq 
 i need a shawty to smoke this weed with me tonight
 akellahi wouldnt give no special person weed me and jade dead asf in the car
 omg there was a no smoke dammit policy and this dude popped smoke next to me and i had to use my friends inhaler lo 
 i need some weed omg 
 nigga be turnt up when they smoke something dawg............that walk down do be vicious tho
 i just need to smoke. 
 free smoke is odee tho
 this free smoke shit fire tho @johnisabadman
 its sad seeing some people be completely and stubbornly brainwashed by the government on things such as marijuana
 shoutout to the guy smoking weed and vaping right infront of me
 emerging from the smoke. @orlandocitysc ocsc orlvphi @ orlando city stadium 
 all he does is smoke weed and give you meat  shawty you dating a cookout grill....
 this boy so dumb he tried to pay his taxes with weed im screaming
 damn yall sayin this shit trash first listen this free smoke joint go hard tho lol
 wanted to smoke some hookah bud definitely do not feel like making that shit so
 im really thinking about just kicking it back and have a smoke session..
 i need to fuckin smoke 
 i need to smoke.
 imma smoke crack and read it
 if you gotta start stealing weed from under ppl knows you need help cause thats some broke junkie shit
 i just need someone to smoke some bud with and listen to this new morlife
 that free smoke intro tho
 i need to smoke
 broo he deadass smoked that shit tooo. 
 @skinnyandstuff @rateddee smoke session tomorrow huhhh 
 funny how you smoke niggas then you start coughing. all my niggas need throat lozenge
 @lanavalrey for real tho i wonder if they have fried chicken candles haha. smoke soon tho hmu  
 granny smoke now too ohhh shit. times have really changed in this family familygoals achieved though
 i need weed who gots some that i can buy 
 finally off work i need to smoke and i forgot my oil in thesis car. fml
 lol talking to someone amp he doesnt like that i smoke and said idk guess we will talk more about it tomorrow maybe fuck offfffff. boy bye
 need someone to smoke wit 
 i need someone to look at me the way i look at alcohol amp weed
 @was2016 fucking pussy come smoke a bluntttf
 should really cut down on the weed
 i wish i can snap my fingers and have filled capsules of weed in my purse lmao
 @liliaaaxo dont u dare smoke my fcking weed
 i need some smoke 
 drake sounding pretty damn inspired on free smoke. that shit goes
 @msteaupax looks like youll have to pay me a visit in return so i can smoke you out on some good shit fr lol
 quick smoke
 @mrytterlund @thebespokewoman ltputs roach in altoids tingtlater dude ltlooks at mieshas illustrationgt who needs weed  thiss the shit
 i got low on my weed man last night he fuck around not sell to me again 
 missing a nail  one hurts like hell and my knuckles are sore  i need to smoke man cause clearly im violent 
 np pussy  money  weed  lil wayne
 i like the part in return of the king where merry and pippin find a chicken and then smoke a ton of weed.
 holy fuck i need to smoke
 jeff sessions claims marijuana only slightly less awful than heroin  
 @yessenixxx you need to smoke a blunt before that car trip
 im in love w da pussy mony weed 
 real managers smoke wit cha  @ orlando  florida 
 ew the end of free smoke makes me uncomfortable
 @sarahksilverman do you smoke before or after a show with fans if possible  or are you on a strict fuck that noise smoke diet with fans
 lmao but fr tho i know people that used to be so against smoking weed and now they beg me to smoke them out
 i just need to smoke.
 goddammit @bruceprichard i had to blame the weed for my red eyes after listening to you talk about roddy at the end.thanks man.
 i mean  i love method man as much as the next guy but 100 method man hoodie with weed leaves on it seems pricey. 
 i just need to smoke 
 i need some weed  
 lmao at how out uber driver last night tried to sell us weed hahah
 anyone curious to the beginning of free smoke its a sample of haitus kaiyote
 i need weed who got
 pass me the green i need some weed with my hennesy
 of course there isnt any evidence  just more smokescreen from our deplorable potus to hide behind.  
 my tio really just asked me if i wanted to smoke with him omg what
 when i die bury me in mcdonalds hashbrowns  popeyes biscuits and weed
 now i need more weed
 i need a break from marijuana...
 i smoke when im bored now  oh fuck i need something to do
 use to smoke og but now i smoke cookie u dunno how that shit feel.
 ive tried to make you love me  youve tried to find a spark of the flame that burned and somehow turned to smoke rings in the dark 
 why the fuck do people post facebook statuses asking where to get weed and people actually reply like this is facebook not trapbook
 free smoke is a banger tho
 @koinnews what did she wager weed and a schematic for a homeless camp
  damn right at the very least my forever will have to cannabis gtgt its in all aspects of my life  
 i have a migraine n wanna throw up .. i need weed or dutch... or both
 i need weed in los angeles someone help a young pedestrian.
 mathematixglass with their killer pieces here at marijuanaediblesesh @ torrance  california 
 i need to smoke a l so damn bad
 just smoked a cowboy killer @iamseth64
 all i have is oil and i dont have my rig with me so im trying to decide if i should buy weed amp use my pipe or buy a new rig. lmao struggs.
 i need to fuckin smoke
 ma your mcm has to sneak in his backyard to roll and blows the smoke through a sock so the smell wont linger.
 no more woods for me dat shit make me sickbut aye ima still smoke it
 @politicomag  okay.  you need to go smoke some pot with sessions.
 my grandma is wearing weed socks and didnt know...
 i need some people to smoke with 
 friendships turned into smoke sessions and it shouldnt be that way
 drake really got off on free smoke tho
 beard needs to head to the bench and smoke a marlboro red.
 aight im done but real quick @funcoolmami my pet bunny got glaucoma and imma need some medical marijuana to ease it 
 she sucked in that smoke really quick 
 my manager really just asked if i can sell her some weed ........wtf 
 @welchjr20 lame as hell bruh lol. get u some weed and roll that shit. or at least use a bong  shit
 pussy about to bake this summer like smoked crab legs in these.  
 free smoke may be my favorite song of morelife simply because of the @hiatuskaiyote sample so awesome
 why does everyone think i sell weed
 busted for da weed
  homemade babaganoush by mnyd   rich amp smokey. way more flavours than whats available out 
 hell nah me and weed dont get along like that 
 drake vibing to the free smoke sample is me listening to the sample lol
 @ajdmaru hell might have gotten weed from him lmao
 imma need @sza to drop this album so i can smoke my life away with it 
 all a girl needs is a plug near me to get some mf uhhhhhh tree to smoke after a long hard day of working wtf 
 my landlord just put weed killer shit all over the lawn  i swear if it gets any of my animals sick..
 need to smoke.
 @joshgilligan less cancer than stepping out for a smoke.
 its safe to say if u smoke blacks that u have at least tried weed lol
 this research paper is forcing me to smoke rock tar out the glass pipe
 produce the smoke screen with the funky green to keep ya  slanted... 
 @glennyballs @glennyballs jesus  who is the smokeshow to the right would
 ugh i need 2 smoke
 thriller meet @khaledtalib author of smokescreen mystery travel into your imagination.  
 man i need a blunt after that game.. who tryna smoke
 who trying to smoke amp talk about some real shit
 ima about to smoke like a cool 2.5 lol i need a fonto blunt  and i need a wood
 you dont smoke tho 
 i need a weed man
 i feel like i need to start smoking weed again that way im more chill and not uptight about everything.
 im not really that type of person that says i need to smoke or i need a blunt but honestly i feel like i really need one lmao
 been sober all day need some weed
 i just need to smoke and figure this shit out
 @doversoul @paulprovenza @greenroomwithpp @netflix maybe bring in @dougbenson and make it about weed and comedy. 
 i just want pussy money weed  pussy money weed pussy money weed
 shit is smokedddd
 wtf i now own a weed farm on gta and i gotta manage it  i didnt know you can do that shit now  imma be the next el chapo 
 i need to smoke 
 really need to smoke 
  no moon to keep her armor bright no man to get her through this dark and smokey  night.but i made it 
 so i cried  told myself to get my shit together  smoked  amp came back to michael proposing to hollytelling everyone hes leaving. not cool
 so i cried  told myself to get my shit together  smoked  amp came back to michael proposing to hollytelling everyone hes leaving. not cool
 yo i dont smoke  but i need a blunt right now. 
 told my mom about getting caught on fire so i could drop a hint that i need new jeans and she sent me a coupon for smoke detectors @ menards
 get fake mad amp smoke they shit  
 i need weed tonight lol
 i use to smoke daily amp felt like it was a given til they took it away. i use to always fuc til i had a crayz occurrence nd made me celibate.
 he jumped off t edge to catch us be then i was tired and hooked to a toe line we went into weeds to return and got stuck ranger was back
 no i wont sell to you but ill smoke it with you no wtf
 bored and need to smoke wtf
 so  what is trump hiding  he using smokeampmirrors to distract russia investigation he is guilty as hell  @potus
 so  what is trump hiding  using smokeampmirrors to distract from russia investigation guilty as hell @potus
 maybe smoke definitely sleep
 ughhhhh needs weed
 the tmobile snoop dogmartha stewart weed themed commercial is amazing. weed  puns on my tv i need more of this amp less donald trump. 
 @al3xandrya i was talking bout xans lol an none of the weed i sell is poof
 it would be really freakin appreciated if yall wouldnt smoke a pack of cigarettes before class the smell is so strong my chest is hurting.
 imma need somebody to smoke me out when i get off  im having a hard morning lol
 where there is smoke there is fire. just the fake wiretapping news proves he is hiding something yuge. investigate 
 i need some damn weed
 somebody was supposed to give me some weed. i need to go collect that.
 fuck i need a lighter   i was excited to smoke this j til i realized im lighterless amp the nearest store too far just for a lighter 
 @joemungus @theloudbank you have to smoke weed to look at trump every day
 also weve only been in class for an hour. why do we need a smoke break
 drake is sounding more and more like the weeknd. more free smoke and less teenage fever morelife
 money cant buy happiness but it could u some weed tho
 @theellenshow @katyperry @zeldawilliams @mariahcarey @rihanna @miakhalifa @hillaryclinton not even weed i do not ge 
 @kkaaattyy come over and smoke tonight it will all be okay i promise  you dont need anyone who doesnt need you.
 comeyhearing treygowdy is a misguided bannon style idiot whos trying to throw smoke on the real issues trump colluded with putin
 people who only regret voting for trump because hes now not going to legalize marijuana... you. need. new. priorities. @trumpregrets
 time for some dick weed aint cuttin this level of irritation
  @drakes morelife playlist features samples from downtowns @hiatuskaiyote on free smoke and @ggm on glow  
 @kaylaamoo oh hun you also do more than weed
 @getwisdomdude @potus44 except for donald trump who was blowing smoke.
 need me some marijuana
 need a quick smoke weve got you cover. check out our selection of smallcigars. its also militarymonday so show 
 im sad break is over.  going right back to doing nothing but sleeping and studying. amp now that i dont smoke.. imma be stressed as hell.
 was already feelin morelife  but now have next level  for aubreys sample game  @hiatuskaiyote in free smoke 
 @msmarinyx  i was crying   the 4 bags of weed tho he was gassed
 buy some weed from my mcm lol we need some money 
 lol i bet you still smoke blacks 
 i need some weed.
 pandora amp a smoke session is all i need to forget all about this parent bs 
 n they tried to lock me up for weed  yo.. like the boi is really flipping kilos.. they just minor setbacks for the king hoe
 michigan should really legalize recreational marijuana too. we could fix our pothole pos roads
 but free smoke is available
 @mattymoet she dont bite hard tho.  seriously tho we need a meat smoker.
 i need to get hemp wick asap
 @vibethriller yeah like making me buy all that weed. that was a real dickmove.
 why smoke it when you could be rich ..  
 family we need to get back to how we use to be amp be more loyal to each other   me free smoke
 water and weed is all you need
 pussy money weed 
 @shanegoldmacher maybe not but where theres smoke theres fire.
 i think i need someone to come smoke some raspberry kush with me.   i need to make some friends lol
 im sooooo serious too  the most i will do is swallow some weed  maybe hide you. dassit. 
 rahrah  pussy money weed 
 i need to smoke 
 this is me. i do not smoke that shit. 
 i just got an email from my boss talking about international alien abduction day  ill smoke to that. keepitweird 
 @repkvw please support sb184  marijuana membership clubs.  its time for a solution to social consumption in 
 so does everyone in bradenton sell weed now
 i need a ganja piece
 have you feelin high before we even smoke.
 now that selena is dating the weeknd  does that mean she smokes weed
 need someone to smoke with 
 the sample at the beginning of free smoke makes me really happy.
 sushi amp weed is all you need
 is something on fire in olathe maybe 119th and blackbob lots of smoke.
 @vdaniel081 if the cop smells weed he doesnt need a warrant
 do amarillo plugs not understand that if you need weed  you need it right then. not an hour later.
 the free smoke comments got me entertained for no reason 
 @garbimuguruza you can bet your latin ass i am an honest friend. i will not blow smoke up your ass when you are mes 
 lmao im dead i think this is my dad welcoming me to his world of weed 
 @leslieherod please support sb 184  marijuana membership clubs.  our state needs a pragmatic solution.
 @susanbeckman38 please support sb 184  marijuana membership clubs.  we are overdue for a solution to social consumption of a legal purchase
 @philipacovarru2 please support sb184 marijuana membership clubs. our state is overdue for a solution to social consumption.
 when my dad dies ima smoke his ashes.
 i need a smoke.
 didnt have money for this homeless man so i gave him a weed brownie
 @mgcluette @jessieepolk i bet u like free smoke too huh
 @jjeankaa @offeringv2 @sasamnicole im sure he already knows cause i told him. take it that i havnt smoked since janurary tho
 all this money  i leave my id home and this fucking pig faced bitch wont sell me smokes.
 who sell weed in gvr
 smh they really need to free smoke
 internationaldayofhappiness goes to all the weed i smoke on the daily to keep me sane amp happy 
 thanks @anrsmokefree for recognizing tx efforts to get smoke out of texans lungs. @mdandersonnews @texasdshs 
 finna smoke and do these xans
 my mom just asked me to smoke with her 
 my weed so good this bih sizzling
 nah dont blame this on the weed bitch 
 i need to smoke
  i can call and get weed legally delivered to my doorstep... two 
 the government hasnt legalized marijuana because they want people to build up their record.. so when they stop u moments after ur a suspect
 i need to smoke before i spazz tf out. 
 if u ever in the need for weed the home trees got what u need  @jakerbakerr
 h3176 new strengthening local control over recreational marijuana businesses 
 money   pussy   weed in that order 
 i need to smoke
 how tf do you confuse weed with spice. they look completely different
 @stephmatute with the weed i be smoking on im feelin like this 
 what smokey the snake charmer maybe we can gather a committee to help solve this  who needs a secondment 
 i love that my weed delivery service sells in little canisters so when im panicking and need to roll a j it feels like opening my meds
 my weed man a old head the shit he be saying be so fucking funny dawg 
  since i cut my dreads off  not one person has walked up to me in a club or bar and asked if i have weed or coke id be willing to sell...
 i need to smoke 
 pussy cocaine syrsyrup and pounds of weed
 also told him who could pick us up from the weeding saturday and his response was something along the lines of fuck you asshole 
 i need some smoke
 i wish i can smoke i need a blunt
 trilogyglass 2017 line now available @hilifesmokeshop stop by to check them out @ hilife smoke 
 mone need to hurry up i need to smoke
 i need to smoke
 i smoke trees until i look chinese 
 @daaaannyt lmfao when he really was afraid to give me a smoke
 @doitliketerri you work friday im coming over smoke session on me 
 our friendship was like fire  growing amp moving but somewhere along the way we separated amp something broke us apart  now were just smoke...
 reasons i sometimes smoke during exams  check this shit out  
 i just need love and weed 
 when i buy 2 5packs of backwoods i never realized im pre paired to smoke 10 blunts
 is their an app for old people. u cant make no sense. where we live they have  their own marijuana delivery service. its legal here.
 fau kids really out here trying to make it as obvious as possible that they are smoking weed in their cars lmao
 i like to be lazy and smoke a lot of weed  .. fuck doing any gainful work or stupid shit .. 
 i need someone to smoke me out
 @joenoprivacy bloodcurdling chanting is a smokescreen. we need bloodsplattering.
 this weed tho 
 blame smoke on the fire blame fire on the smoke but it aint my fault
 5mins into smokeampchill and i give you this look @ east cleveland  ohio 
 literally someone come smoke this fucking blunt with me shit man
 pussy money weed rahrah @wolfroldan 
 what if all the little bits of weed that you dropped over a year just came back to you like a tax return  why arent we funding this
 imma be sad as fuck if my soulmate doesnt smoke weed
 i need to smoke so much before i sleep
 finna smoke tho 
 i need to fucking smoke
 day 54  61 part 2  ha judge placed block on new muslim ban. trump whines  sessions said weed is as bad as heroin
 i need some weed
 b sun n planes as stars b lights of rings as smoke enhanced by lenses glare back n slender in that moment of sheer bliss
 b sun n planes as stars b lights of rings as smoke enhanced by lenses glare back n slender in that moment of sheer bliss
 @zeldawilliams @katyperry @theellenshow @portiaderossi visit me i said you bring some of that maui shizzle homie i meant weed bitches hecame
 next year for spring break im going somewhere weed related..fuck alcohol..with @50shadesofhall @pingkelsey i cant deal   420trip
 editorial jeff sessions reefer madness  via @rtdnews
 where the weed man at 
 tried to smoke weed at kyries birthday party but everyone passed the weed around me i was like  but didnt get any love
 pussy  money  weed
 need some weed 
 i smoked so maybe now i can sleep 
 why cant i sleep wtf i need weed
 use to have to take levemir for my bipolar but later learned that marijuana was much better.
 i need weed
 one day ima have a smoke session with chappelle himself and just talk shit with him. glad to see him back though. shit was amazing
 i need a hair cut bad. this shit is growing like weeds
 just need to smoke before i start my day or it has a 5050 chance of fucking up 
 teen on his way to spring break in florida busted with 7 cases of beer  marijuana in truck  cops say 
 sumbody telling in atmore shit krazy how mf getting busted for d same kharge weed n pistol
 @chronichoosier where there is smoke.....
 @pirmas697 do it i have the smoke linger up your neck and on your face. then walk into work and dont talk to anyone  just nod.
 girl next to me in class reeks of shitty weed  on the plus side i get to drop ass all class blame it on her
 having a shit  smoke amp shower sesh right now
 if you smoke and direct it towards crime and being violent and shit youre an easily manipulated person
 im stuck on this roof. its burning amp shit. its smoke in my eyes.
 this just a smoke session lol 
 man ill slap the shit outta baka for all that unnecessary talkin at the end of free smoke.
 this is a smokescreen to deflect the wiretapping. its so obvious. 
 @yoridoo @marcsmash @gottilinefool and that wont make her happy.  so many sycophants blowing smoke up her ass also doesnt help.
 ima open an herbal spa. somewhere you can smoke weed as you get a back massage and stuff.. i really could use that right now lol
 @brillo put an end to the copper pads. theres an epidemic in our area. stores sale them 4 crackheads 2 use thm n glass pipes 2 smoke crack
 imma need a weeding dress like this 
 i get my tips. what should i do tho cut my hair or smoke with a friend
 @sweetkarizmatic  its really messy but sort of cool i kinda like it.. maybe thats how she gets her weed on the plane
 @vijayxo depends where they are at for the weed laws but grinding should be against tos. sad no ban then.
 this man steady trying to give me weed  that is not the way to try and get at me
 all purple weed. i am the plug cannot find thid in georgia purp 
 holy smokes  vinyl preorder is available at   tres colores @ san 
 aye  sell some weed sell some coke 
  maybe some weed then  
 maybe it isnt allergies...maybe its the lack of unfiltered clove cigarettes you smoke a day 
 i smoke before  during amp after so maybe step your pussy up 
 @penguins  @lfabean  i work  in  giant eagle hemphill square  greenber clark  and  lot person
 this dude was vaping so hard you could literally hear him sucking the smoke out of it soedgy
 real shit  whats better than tacos  weed and liquor im waiting 
 i just need good weed and me time.
 @mosssseley this shit was not the best weed... lmao some reg 
 everyone but republicans favors legalizing marijuana nationally  
 i need to smoke now
 you should prob lay off the weed then if you cant differentiate between genes and jeans embarrassing 
 i need a friend i can smoke with and talk about life
 i need to smoke fr
 honestly tho whos tryna smoke some weed
 yall better not fuk with that medial marijuana
 nails feet brows n lashes did weed on the way yasssss today was a good day
 so much smoke need oxygen
 a wise man once told me  weed is like soda to me    i enjoy it   i dont need this shit  .  lmfaoo
 @rosemarieee i read it fast and i thought it said cannabis at the end.  i was about to be like whattt 
 i need the smoke to keep me mellow
 i need to smoke before i really fight this nigga like deadass my blood is boiling
 i need to smoke so bad 
 @chronichoosier or maybe theyre smoke from the conclave....
 hell yea all we need is some ciroc and weed  
 spending money on the festival  plus the plane ticket  plus the hotel  weed etc is on some fan shit.
 trump dude asked if i could sell him some weed. what a ride this conversation was.
 im so irritated yall i need to smoke
 im a hell of a smoker but i get shit done.
 free smoke fucking bangs in the whip
 i need to smoke
 building starships out of hemp n titanium
 when i talk to my boss i feel the need to smoke. i suspect a correlation.
 i only tweeted that bc this ugly chick was talking about i need to smoke her out. nah more like cash me out  there 
 @frankjuanavsa hey man thank you for the support of family cannabis and cannabis families everywhere
 icymi   head of cdn task force on marijuana legalization says legal age of 18 amp no to pot sales in liquor stores. 
 so annoying when people are standing on the street and say they need money  as they smoke a cigarette..
 i need a smoke 
 maybe i need a smoke  maybe i need to shop. who knows
 the science of cannabis is endless and fascinating
 need to ask my boss what the policy is on wearing weed socks to work
 quit trying to sell me weed over facebook messenger smh im a child of god
 @weinsteinlaw not only should prez candidates show their taxes but also have a psych eval...we could have weeded him out...
 i need a female to smoke with besides my bestfriend lol
 honestlty tho who made this and said lets smoke it thatll be fun lol 
 @lizzymcg i dun smoke weed tho 
 shawty said dont talk to me of you need weed to get thru the day ....tf lmao hits loud
 at least have the decency to wash your hands after you smoke your disgusting cancer stick 
 @thcchicks do yaz support cannabis families
 210  i need to smoke like 210 blunts 
 @bvweir @sandee9378 @palmerreport   im tweetless holy fing smokes
 if u dont smoke then dont blame the ones who dofor a sin god doesnt disagree with pot smokers he growa it all up and down the interstate
 i need some weed
 my weed was delivered in a gift bag lol 
 i need a rig to dab since i broke my globe on my pen. will smoke u down if i can use ur rig 
 i got bck to hempstead nd remembered why im leaving it. aint shit out here for me frfr  
 some guy in vegas said he needs money for weed and my whole family was like honesty is so important 
 solid reminder that marijuana is a very valid way of treating depression and other mental illnesses 
 how to calm anxiety dont say smoke like fr i need a diff option 
 i need weed so bad 
 rihanna aint knowing wassup with this weed 
 is that a weed i fcking love this 
 @yayitsquincy no shit it smells like weed lol its weed
 you simply cannot press next fast enough before baka come on free smoke and you really thinking like this is what i sound like huh
 i need to keep studying but i also need to smoke 
 its okay to smoke weed around your kids  like seriously tho
 i need smoke
 @anneliesegk its a good one. very friendly staff. my fav is still issaquah cannabis by where i live.
 rayonna dont need no liq or no smoke to be lit and i love that about her. she be sober af amp we still have a good time
 need some weed
 get money weed and pussy in the same day 
 go head and smoke allat bullshit the fuck away  
 in the cut in the cut rolling marijuana cigarettes up
 its 2017 and society still believes marijuana is more dangerous than alcohol
 do people use mason jars for anything other than storing weed in
 who sells weed tho
 recreational marijuana recalled because of pesticide residue 10tv 
 wow about to smoke a blunt tho 
 i need weed 
 bruh you chase guys who sell weed like yo pussy gonna be greener than the weed youre smoking soon 
 i need to smoke after this  i hate when shit not going my way.
 i bet u purp smoke these wit dummy k2 
 just a reminder  for those of you into the cannabis issue. 
 specifically  how does cannabis bring pleasure does cannabis bring us pleasure at the 
 should i go smoke in my car real quick
 today in da am  really needs smoke rn tho smh who down  lmao 
 @w2ralph roll a blunt for me using yo weed ill leave u half lol rello upstairs if u need 1
 lol long as that bih smoke you gravy 
 who needs a diamond ring when theres crystals on your reefer
 spiffy is slang for weed in england amp i still think thats funny.
 need to smoke
 hoop session was cool smoke session was better
 michael flynn  jeff sessions and now paul manafort. theres an awful lot of smoke here...
 why does weed give you the munchies like that needs to stop
 oh i need to smoke  thats it.
 i been getting way too high off of pussy weed amp money
 who has some weed out east i need it
 need weed. south side of town. sos. who got the plug.
 dont need sex just weed
 i just need to smoke a blunt.
 who wants to smoke tho
 in need of a smoke with @wyatt11brown listening to look what youve done.
 i need weed
 niggas start acting soooooooo different when they hit the weed .. im bout sicka this shit
 i wont ever quit weed but i sure as hell need to relax on alcohol 
 i need some marijuana
 remember niggas tried to bury me  shots fired so its free smoke now
 gunna smoke a joint in the rain and bump cocoa butter kisses rn 
 i need to smoke a lil bowl or something
 i just need to smoke something
 councilwoman gonzales supports changing citys marijuana policy 
 need d weed asap who got it
 i need to find me some pussy that taste as sweet as the weed i smoke 
 i need to smoke
 go head light the weed and play some shit that u can ride to
 i had good grades cause i used to sell my teachers weed
 so we get shit lined up bout to go to the car to smoke the nigga walked up on me on some shit i was like wtf hopper right in defense mode
 h3166 new dedicating onepercent of the recreational marijuana excise tax to youth substance use prevention 
 @ikrispykreme bruh smoke that shit 
 @verge better than weed tho
 h3175 new to protect children from the use of alcohol and marijuana 
 @sethmacfarlane @laurenmolloy7  hey seth.  go smoke a joint and draw some more pics.  maybe then youll see clearly
 ninawc17 opening session laurel wilson marijuana use and breastfeeding 
 love how much weed i have..if only i could smoke it
 the weed servo sent me an email to review my purchase and this dystopian cyber hell got a little to real for me in the lay
 i dont argue no more or spazz out no more . i blow smoke .
 @cobragreek well i think she achieved high parody last year when she claimed legalized weed killed people like opiods  so there
 i just needs to smoke with @puffmarsh01 and @kipshabazz  at the same time 
 i dont smoke but my mama need something damn
 @nancypelosi keeps it real and calls trump to task for being all smoke and mirrors without substance.  resisttrump 
 you can still die from it regardless. plus weed makes you hungry. not thirsty. they are more likely to eat more tha 
 you have your pussyhat but im still a dickhead so put that in clintons pipe and smoke it. but dont inhale.
 feminism you have your pussyhat but im still a dickhead so put that in clintons pipe and smoke it. but dont inhale.
 free smoke free smokee yea
 @kashndoja lmao im bouta buy that shit  i smoke way too much to not
 @christian44104 you dont smoke tho
 true true but like some jawns really be out here fuckin for weed and xans n shit 
 omg.. nut job is right maybe the weed and alcohol has cried this mans brain 
 223 take a tree down we smoke a tree down
 my favorite person to consume weed with is going on probation   shits real out here
 @cnn smoke another joint  check the microwave  put on some clothes and get out of that basement. the real world knows it was terror
 hey k  whatcha doin just taking a hit of gunnars weed. whats he on  i need to get on that shit 
 healthy young child goes to doctor  gets prescription for weed  doesnt feel good and changes  dies. many such cases chelsea clinton
 whos your weed man 
 i got smokepurps barber wearing my clothes
 @hanwearspants sure you did  i bet you smoked and drank coffee when you were a toddler.
 shit smoke
 why cant weed grow on trees
 i need to smoke.
 i now sell weed for the government. i work at the dispensary on the strip.
 i havent faced a blunt in so long amp even tho i still smoke every day im only halfway through and baked af
 dude i was smoking w @ sxsw told me he met @l1ldebbie the week b4 and that i reminded him of her. new 2017 goals.. smoke w @l1ldebbie
 honestly i just need weed smoke and some good convo right now
 @yeyavarela @stephmatute lmao  i dont smoke
 ey lil bih were da weed at  she be throwin pussy i dont need that 
 love these purple weeds @ henson family ymca 
 @katyperry dont smoke 
 need to smoke
 @cnn @devinnunes is a traitor who sold his sole to russia to give tantrump some smokescreen
 still plan to smoke weed.. hide from the police
 just found a piece of weed stuck in my blanket  its good to be home 
 trudeau government hiking taxes on smokes  booze in federal budget. details  
 trudeau government hiking taxes on smokes  booze  pursuing tax cheats 
 he use 2 lick it  he use 2 stroke it  u kno 1 night we was makn love he said this thing is so damn good i wanna put it in my pipe amp smoke it
 i am strongly convinced he has smoked crack at least once. 
 i usually make it home by 420 for an afternoon smoke session... 
 all i need is a bag of the weed amp you right next to the spliff
 idk if i need to smoke or cry some more lol
 .223 take a tree down  we smoke a tree down
 some call this a weed. texans call this their state flower.  wildflowers txhillcountry @ 
 if your blunts look like this first pic  smh... yall need to love your weed better 
 @daaaannyt lol i dont do weed delete me
 @katyperry doesnt smoke 
 bey i need to head to da weed store
 all i need is good weed and good sex 
 its really not like imma be any higher...its basically a waste of weed at this point 
 omg does anyone sell weed
 who need weed
 really tryna smoke this shit away 
 @burpiedoodle @sarahkendzior seems to restrict himself to publicly claiming marijuana is barely less dangerous than heroin.
 good weed give you the munches 
 i need to smoke
 @sh0nd0gg weed lol
 meanwhile @carypigman is trying to take away my mmj rights to smoke in any form i want. he can kiss my ass whole i light this fat joint
 @cinematicvoid returns on 420 with the smokefilled nightmare of dreamstalker star mark dias in person 
 @luckyluch do you have someone that sells weed i just want to find someone that can sell me half an oz at least
 this weed vape really fucking got me at work tonight like thank you jesus
 @liberalsareicky @kylegriffin1   ha..clown..ignore the inferno and blame the person who pulled the smoke alarm gop is so full of shit.
 i need weed
 i pulled out my laptop in class today and there was a fat ass piece of weed stuck to my screen l m a o
 me and blake been on that big smoke lately lmao
 i need to smoke.
 weed i need weed 
 slushys are back at lil brown smoke shack 1.25 for a single 16oz or 2 16oz slushies for only 1.00 
 we need a smoke break
 i need to drink  i need to smoke  i need to stop being me.
 wishin i still smoked rn bc baww could i 
 need some weed
 heres what a vegetarian does at a kansas city bbq joint. ncaasweetsixteeneating @ smokehouse bbq 
 hell naww i woulda smoked dude ass right there and then 
 blowing more smoke than a train  the real be keeping me sane .
 ill use rob as an example.  hes got smokers mouth so no one wants to kiss that. hes also older so his teeth has decayed
 middlehigh school and smoke sessions  
 gee i wish @postmates delivered weed
 i need a god damn weed plug now
 i call my weed the quran  cause if you burn that shit it gets you stoned.
 i need to smoke
 ive had this migraine for 3 days straight.  amp i just smoked and that shit is gone i should of been done this lmao
 i need to smoke
 the need for weed is real tn.
 @agoosedad nah  gas is slang for highquality weed
 i need more smoker friends out here. shit make me sad smoking by myself all the time lol
 need to smoke a blunt to get the munchies and make me feel less full
 i just need to smoke 
 money  weed  pussy dat order
 smoke a little weed but her shit together  
 i need to smoke 
 i need smokes
 @mathbomb smoke helps. the lions are everywhere. researching all angles. unpredictable need defense.
 @amandaallgauer doesnt mean i smoke 
 i just need some weed right about now.
 i couldnt smoke a blunt right now if i wanted too
 i need to smoke or im about to be deep in my feelings like the point of no return
 words escape me as smoke bellows from ur purple haze got me surrendering my soul as im stuck this daze aroma of satisfaction sensewrds 240
 @trimblesav @kinggfish im good he just mad for some reason but its chill imma just go smoke and go on with my night later kiddos 
 i just want more weed n a palm tree
 i need some rapper weed right now
 i need to smoke
 i always had my old glasses cause i use to use the case to break my weed down in   so i never lost emmm 
 i need to smoke
 all i need is pussy money weed.
 saw this coming lol i dont fw weed either way tho  
 ran out of weed today amp didnt have enough time to hit the shop so i asked my boss for a gram  lol
 i need to fucking smoke before i lose my shit
 all that you are is all that i need  rising like the smoke  you linger on me. you got me so 
 whoever the cops are looking for needs to just surrender. im just tryna smoke and sleep in peace 
 in motor city right by the water  smoke one time  
 i cant concentrate  maybe because i need to smoke
 with all the corruption in obaminations cabinet amp dumbacraps it is going to be difficult 2 follow the smoke screen 
 when we tried it  we were a fire with no smoke
 @patrickd1501 @deathvalleymom cancer is cancer bro ima smoke fat blunts and drink til i die lol not for everyone and i completely understand
 i need to smoke
 blah blah no  is listening to you ever again when you have smoke maybe its just smoldering raked over coals seri 
 i like to blow smoke on da cat cause i like higher pussy
 when bae dont smoke tho  
 you know what i need a smoke amp a beer
 i need some weed
 i need weed nothing been goin my way 
 all my weed youd think i sell it but i smoke it
 @jss98rock justin  is it just me or is your hair is growing back really fast like weeds only much better looking. lol
 @uglyguykenny i didnt need to buy my own weed. i had some of my own 
 @kkovalskis i feel ya tho pacsun is weed land too
 dear american people im convinced that colmey is working not for us. the whole russian thing is a smokescreen  more childish than anything.
 day 10 smoke free. who woulda thought. so @miakhalifa
 @devinnunes we suspect your secret source is the trump administration  this @whitehouse ordered you to make a smoke 
 nigga i been smoke purp
 the new drake shit is so garbage i tried so hard to listen i couldnt make it past free smoke
 i need a weed man in kalamazoo wtf  where is it
 @potus  i hate to be a thorn in your side  but the republicans view on marijuana is outdated amp propaganda. @usagsessions needs to educategtgt
 @potus @usagsessions gtgtgt the attorney general needs to educate himself before he discriminates against medical or recreational marijuana.
 my servers eyes were low af   and so was another servers... im convinced they all smoke in the back 
 i need some smoke
 @amatthiesen @heartofsunrise1 really need to watch smokey and the bandit now.
 @southlonestar nunes like you is a sackless weasel and is making smoke so djt doesnt look the buffoon he really is
 i might have to make a massive reduction in my weed consumption
 i need some of what you smoked 
 i need to smoke a blunt before i say something i dont mean
 maybe it was all the dust maybe the shrooms maybe its the weed maybe its a near death experiene but i can show u so many ways lifes not real
 no childish shit   i lowkey want a tree house... big enough to fit like 5 ppl and have a good ass smoke session in that bihh
 the weed and the weather good  but this california shit is not for me lol
 i need someone to smoke with 
 fuck that she need to whack them weeds 
 yes i fucking smoke shit  straight off the roach clip
 i need some weed 
 fuck anybody who high right now or smoke today fr
 jersey weed so boof its kinda brazy. know niggas that f to bronx just to cop they tree.
 i think a piece of weed is stuck in my throat 
 damn this dude smell like weed that shit stank like hell to me
 @chuckassplanet @thejulialame excuse you i am the suburban dad who wears socks  sandals  cargo shorts but did weed once in uni so is v edgy
 i use my money for weed then i get high amp forget where my money went 
 @bombaybacon weed grows lol you have to make money.  money that you made to buy weed. your friends didnt have mone 
 l.a photographers really love me i litteraly pop up to my photoshoot with baddies and weed
 i need more people to smoke with 
 government gon make up some illness like cancer that goes along with weed smoking  tryna get all our money from the pharmaceuticals
 migraine be gone coincidence idk neck pain gone too im going to keep using it. check out 7 hemp cbd oil 
 i bet the @thechainsmokers dont even smoke thursdaythoughts
 i need to get my shit together i whisper too myself  for the 10th time in one day  as i smoke my 4th joint. throw me away lmao
 i need to smoke
 put the weed in the coconut and light that shit up
 got to work and realized my weed capsules were still in my jacket from last night 
 now i need more weeds
 i need so much weed rn
 i need to smoke but i also need to shower n i also need to do my homework
 someone just tried to sell me weed and the cops got him because he was right there 
 i didnt know donald trump smokes 
 i need to smoke like omfg my nerves 
 just like hes hell bent on enforcing reefer laws  creating an expanding black market and higher crime rate. these 
 i used matches and mel goes ok matthew mcconaughey as if hes like known to use matches which he is not idk if he even smokes
 pussy  money  weed 
 wish i still worked with all the skater dudes smfh work was just good music and weed talk lol
 need at least a zip when i smoke ughhh 
 @aravosis i figure theyll sneak something through after making a fuss about not agreeing. smoke and mirrors
 about time these criminals need to weed out there slimy swamp 
 imma smoke a wood to that 1 
 i like this josh jackson kid. this off season ima need him to get caught smokin weed or sumn so he can fall to the rockets in the draft.
 support your local weed man
 but i dont smoke struggle tree so im good on that 
 i need some weed. wtf.
 @ehlennick you need a diesel. i just coat them in smoke
 i need to smoke
 @jessecarstairs bullshit. if he doesnt then he smokes a shit load of crack.
 need to smoke
 my momma use to hide food from me when i was a kid amp smoke her money 
 all you freakin do is smoke
 my head is pounding. i need to smoke.
 my weed loud my moves silent
 ferni brings tree but doesnt smoke. brings tree but no wrap. buys a wrap but doesnt know how to roll.
 so to them lil niggas that just tried to sell me some weed lmaooooooooo
 blame it on the weed and the lights at burning man. @dawnrichard 100 
 alcohol and smokes go together like pbampj 
 me smokepurpp needs to bless my trap frfr  lil purpp 
 its still free smoke tho
 i need to smoke so fucking bad
 love having my weed delivered 
 some got jobs some sell yay others just smoke n fuck all day 
 i need more people to smoke with..
 i need meditation rn and jesus to forgive me for my sins and weed and to be left tf alone
 i need a real weed man bruh 
 @princessleelaah how many blunts did you smoke to do this headass shit 
 i need weed
 theyre both smoke screens to hide the fact that trump doesnt know what hes doing and they telegraph that at the 
 really need to smoke cause i cant sleep.for shit
 im hyped. me and @alexstillmackin really smoked kds weed bro.
 man i cannot sleep amp i need to smoke 
 lmao i need to smoke
 i need some weed
 i need a constant reminder to never smoke at my house
 i need to go to hemp brothers to pick up some stone
 @dawnellemurray @ggentlemanirish @starcrosswolf @725gem725 @govabbott support for islam is smoke and mirrors. they are collapsing.
 whoa its starting to make sense. russiagate is the smoke to cover up obama illegal spying on trump transition. 
 the way im feeling ima need a lot of weed in me before 9am 
 i need some fuckin weed 
 @drivemaven maybe we can work a promotion for cannabis families
 how i need to smoke but i just woke up.
 @mkraju this is bizarro world  right  were only 8 weeks in  amp we already need to talk treason holy smokes
 in an effort to protect the environment  i use vinegar and water instead of weed killer.  its almost time to douche the weeds...
 we got everything we need money weed amp bitches
 i realized who this boy is on jackd now...hate when guys vaguely describe who they are. its jay we smoked..nigga every dude online is jay
 @chrisoboomin @ithrashhoe @thrashtastic smoke session 
 imma smoke this joint then im gone break you off
 niggas know smokey my papa  google him my family had the city on lock frfr
 god dammit i need to smoke
 niggas out  here gready. plus they tax on bullshit weed. 
 evitrade to issue shares for cannabis ip and healthcare platform 
 @lxrd shit  i needa reupppppp and we overdue a smoke session i might have to swing by ya way today
 all i need is weed                                              daisy d 
 @hempfestspokane right on to have you with us supporting cannabis families
 i need to smoke.
 @stephenasmith chill bro you need to smoke weed you get to hyped in a debate
 left my socks @ home so it looks like im wearing @kayxomariee weed socks to my dr appt 
 why you use so much weed 
 i wish everyone could experience the dispensary. real weed smokers deserve the shit cuz these plugs fuckin everybody
 @repcummings ur doing a good job keep pushing.our democracy is at stake.our country is in dangerous ppl. weed em out 
 @yungpoon1 i dig but i feel like the weed high goes away to quick now  i need a tolerance break
 ive been saying that all along. its all smoke amp mirrors. 
 lol  most people smoke ashes out of respect fyi just incase this was supposed to be hurtful. 
 i hope that it has a future with who is in power right now  the science behind marijuana is very important for thos 
 @arimelber hes more concerned about 45cab smoke screen than protecting our country he needs to resign as does paul ryan who he told first
 @tdjakesshow @smokeyrobinson oh i love this.   so open maybe others will realize.  love smokey robinson
 @tdjakesshow @smokeyrobinson  oh love this. so open maybe others will realize.  love smokey so genuine...
 sell to everyone but we were talking a couple weeks back amp i basically was like we need a smokefuck session again 
 blowin smoke. needs more homies in sioux falls
 i get offended when people try to sell me loose squares amp dime bags of weed  i take it as an attack on my character
 i need starbucks and weed
 i need to smoke
 gabe needs to get here so i can fuckin smoke
 i need some bomb head  bag of weed
 pussy money weed
 i smoke at least an oz a day
 need to smoke
  put that in your pipe...and smoke the hell out of it trump definitely notmypresident 
 @domuno lol. how bc imma smoke that shit.
 @marketwatch trump throws up a smokescreen to hide huge damage from russia collusion amp stupid wiretapping accusation trump got his a whooped
 @myzchief @leparrain as for amsterdam  my understanding is its legal to sell weed  just not to grow it.
 off work amp i need to smoke badly
 @topbizzy  fuck the bullshit bro  just smoke goodz salute carolinaboyz
 love doing downtown shit  and lately i really miss smoking weed. need more of this in my life
 aye its lit found some tree here in san antonio lmao i was so upset thinking i was gon be sober but hell nah weed is from the earth
 you keep mentioning az my kids livein buckeye amp last year my soninlaws employer wanted 1100mo because hes a smoker.aca was550 fam of 4
 why jeff sessions is threatening to crack down on marijuana  via @truthout
 now that the smokescreen is over...we return you 2 your regularly scheduled program..taxreturns russianconnection 
 why jeff sessions is threatening to crack down on marijuana  via @truthout republican stupidity
 now that the smokescreen is clear...we return you 2 your regularly scheduled program..taxreturns 
 contribute to this and smoke them all out. 
 its bullshit and even with cannabis oil and strong stuff at that but i still have no serotonin
 @bigannt i smoke less then you and my brother now tf u mean foolio
 what the hell are you looking up at  your presidency going up in smoke 
 i just want to fucking smoke but i got no fucking bud bc mother nature is a fucking bitch. what the fucking fuck. ugh
 if you have the need to smoke at least dispose of your cigarette properly 
 the best thing about owning your own business is you can have weed lozenges to alleviate your cramps and no one can say shit.
 i need to fucking smoke mayne
 do you smoke that shit
 need people in woburn to smoke with shit is ass
 hey hey weedy got a bitch 4 me 2  i need a favor lmao im a girl in a heat of a situation i need get laid lmao weed tho bitches latahhh
 anybody who tried weed and didnt like it smoked mids or something
 i want those hemp wraps tho
 i need weed
 i am getting so sick amp fucking tired of arguing with fucking alcoholics about recreational marijuana itsjustaplant assholes
 when the sole purpose of buying a popcorn maker was too make cannabis popcorn you know your a pot head lol.
 @bunnytaichou holy smokes i think i found it maybe is this your flower 
 ugh fine ill squat while i smoke this shit. like every hit i need at least 5 squats lolollllineeedhelp
 i need to smoke
 i need to smoke before i lose my head 
 @dyingvibez boys smoke cigs  you need a good cigar uh huh
 av told me i need to quit smoking weed or else im going to gain wait. then av from across the room says i need to eat more 
 i smoke too much   i done forgot what my purpose was  i think imma loose the sauce  so to the distraction imma hit the pause
 i blame anthony michael hall for my chronic obsession with marijuana 
 niggah talk about tha smoke but neva been in them flames i really been in them flames
 dude just pulled up to the weed store in a completely restored 69 camaro lol
 lex fein for a smoke out be real pussy i keep bud i am bud lol fym my shawty rolls up also all day soooooooo be real lol
 hoop session followed by a smoke session gt
 sippin on the drank i aint tryna think need.... weed..... sos
 liq n weed is all i need. rn at least 
 sippin on the drank i aint tryna think need.... weed..... sos
 the security just threw our weed away. im so fucking pissed. i blame trumps presidency.
 scratch that  i do not need a smoke. more like  id like to smoke to calm myself down foshoo
 @ashhlaaaay we need to smoke again soon
 when your boss smokesgtgtgtgtgtgtgt
 i need to smoke before i blow some shit up
 way to go medical marijuana i am uncomfortably high. also  not mad
 what friday night looks like.  not pictured vego chocolate  weed lozenges  lush bath bombs.  @ 
 i need a good song to smoke to
 all u need is weed.
 i need a good smoke 
 @jonnybones when you be back is it the weed lol its just damn weed. we need the champ back.
 need a smoke break.
 i really need to smoke rn 
 i need to smoke
 @cnn @repswalwell more smoke and mirrors by the gop and donald trump what are they trying to hide
 @acabreraa also all those people hitting me up i said yes to one but i smoked and now i wanna sleep amp imma cancel even tho they close o
 kole said i look like i smoke ciggs
 weed makes me stop crying so like yea weed is p cool and should prob be legal
 but then again.. a man gtgtgt weed so like maybe patriarchy should be legal again
 but then.. a man gtgtgt weed so like maybe patriarchy should be legal again
 i really need to smoke rn
 hit me up for your local ganja needs
 never wanted kentucky to win more than i do sunday lmao. either team is gonna get smoked by kansas either way tho 
 sometimes you just need to smoke a blunt
 i really cant smoke like i used to anymore maybe its a sign that i need to quit.
 yallah ask me shit while i smoke my hookah 
 i need some weed 
 fullextract cannabis oil feco  a.k.a. rick simpson oil  kills cancer and stops seizures. how cool is that 
 rey smoke then sleep
 @govchristie. you should be celebrating every day not to be in the donald administration. what a mess that is in. holy smoke.
 the brisket imma smoke tomorrow in honor of sec east hoops just might cure cancer. secbasketballfever bigballerbrand ncaatournament
 i really need to cut back on weed for the better 
 how did you go from gun deaths to jeff sessions and yes  marijuana is illegal and should be prosecuted. imho  wors 
 i need weed. who got it 
 this nigga really just accused me for stealing his weed when ive been in the apartment for .5 seconds
 nigga lets go doesnt mean let me smoke a square real quick
 @sweetashnicole smoke sessions with my woe 
 going indoors after you smoke but do we smell tho
 if they just legalized marijuana they would completely shut off the spigot to so many different criminal enterprise 
 he smokes a clip and then hes on his way
 nigga you need to lay off the xans  molly  or weed cause you tripping  
 its okay tho  bc now we found the plug and we bouts to smoke this blackwood and not give 2 fucksss 
 its okay tho bc now we found the plug and we bouts to smoke this backwood and not give 2 fucksss 
 and im on my healthy shit cuz i smoked a paper...shit was trash lol
 why everybody think i sell weed 
 build that wall around the whitehouse with all republicans inside. smoke out the rotten lot of traitors.  
 @harlemj11 smoke up.
 @macdaddyprince pussy money weed
 but now we need to talk so im probably losing them after they come by weed from me 
 @nupe117 @cspanwj george  are you familiar with the medicinal properties of cannabidiol cbd hemp oil 
 smoking weed doesnt make you enlightened or wise... just high
 florida fucking won too . wtf   fuck sec cock smokers
 i just need to smoke
 finesse until the weed
 @carypigman cannabis smoke is different from tobacco smoke.the plant cannabinoids thc and cbd  are noncarcinogenic and demonstrate...
 wtf  you munch out amp you become calm af i smoke amp make money as a 18 year old amp i can say i got my shit together f 
 @carypigman anticancer and antioxidant properties. studies have shown no significant link between cannabis smoke and respiratory cancer.
 @texcaliber hey i really appreciate the like would really appreciate the follow to show support of cannabis families
 actually it looks quite realistic  produces no smoke and is not a fire hazard. earthhour 
 this bitch be thirsty to smoke 
 so imma smoke your weed @sammcilento @jaywitties 
 what was that  holy freakin smokes  sporting move on smiths part to blow the start. maybe he was one breeze short and did it in race 
 look who mrs. teale ran into. smokey says been furloughed under the trump budget and survives on free store samples 
 just smoke dolo right now lol
 you dont smoke during an orgy  use your head  grace amp frankie is delightful
 @ebonixcs @ladruggie wow i thought they just tried to blow smoke up the ass
 how much purp could smokepurpp smoke if smokepurpp could smoke purp
 we still like this yall hoes just call us gay or feminine now yall like abusive gangstas who sell dry weed amp 
 need to smoke
 @dougiefischer i can smoke a bag of that and i am definitely hyped for the 41 card
 look at this dumb shit... synthetic weed but not the real shit. wake me up when this is found to cause cancer or so 
 can you grill with a @traegergrills and smoke as well i needs something for the balcony this year.
 @skeletorsmom and holy hell  what was with the smoke  fog  dust in all the spain shots needs more shit in the air  director  probably
 have you tried sun lasso tea hemp oil infused yerba mate loose leaf tea to start your day right. hempoil 
 everyone pissing me off i need to smoke lol
 people are so incompetent when it comes to weed  like seriously  pay your debt so you can gimme some ya fuckin tard.
 keep harambe fingers out of this. lean and xans will do this to you not weed 
 @seanhannity jeff sessions is an offense to all pot smokers
 @rushlimbaugh jeff sessions is an offense to all pot smokers
 @pnauticexpress @tonyhinchcliffe sure like the time i smoked pot with @dougbenson i bet he remembers 
 when @katpham  drops so much weed in the floorboard of your car you could probably make it into a blunt
 the last generation with the right to smoke cigarettes. you need to go back to the plantation in the very deep south 
 @edwrd666 theres an enclave. throw all republicans in the white house amp build a wall around it. smoke out the traitors. it tookavillage
 i dont smoke weed motha phucka i sell it 
 ima just smoke it off tho
 this nigga will deadass put his weed over his blood lol   dudes outtttta there 
 @therealmikeepps shit if u in venice lets link up and smoke this purp i got 
 who needs a diamond ring when theres crystals in your reefer
 @joeyswife @maxlewisreports it weeds out the assholes. that way  she can avoid those who judge you for menial stuff.
 available now fairwinds releases the first cannabis infused suppository available in 
 and i smoke the boof
 @anthonyc5797 i like smokepurpp but he dumbing his shit down.
 my shirt cut up my back amp i just knew jaykwon was finna smoke me  he didnt say nothing tho. 
 i s2g every time i get north of seneca street my car starts smelling like weed i love this city
 whose tryna smoke this clip
 armed and dangerous aint too many can bang with us straight up weed no angel dust  label us 
 i think there was some poison ivy in with the weeds  i know we have poison ivy  poison oak  and poison sumac  i dont know which one it was
 1 like and jordy said hell smoke me out
 who need a diamond ring when youve got crystals on your reefer
 @kellyannepolls jeff sessions is malicious toward all pot smokers
 why the weed man come to the door damn near naked 
 yea i had a drank yea i smoked
 my dad said yea i hid ur money downstairs  along with ur weed 
 why is my dad wearing weed socks
 ugh i need to smoke and get my feet rubbed 
 i b having to beg my sister to smoke wit me
 who got smoke on the westbank tho
 need weed
 abby just asked our boss if she wanted to smoke a bowl after work
 armed and dangerous aint to many can bang with us straight up weed no angel dust label us 
 i love it when guys try to race you on the hwy. like nah my guy  im not finna smoke your ass in my soccer mom car lmao sorryy
 yea i feel like doin that and takin the time.... ima just smoke this dope and chillat.
 give josh some weed  thats how to shut him down the whole season.  we dont need to deal with his bullshit 
 the dude that just sat next to us had to have smoked an entire carton of camel non filters rolled with shit. gain1
 yea i had a drink yea i smokedd
 @godkingtoine lmao. aww thanks hun i am the same way. for me to share my weed you have to be special
 i need a chill night in with alcohol and weed
 i have used all the money in my account on colored smoke bombs.. imfine
 i like to be high so when fucked up shit is going on i could pretend its just the weed
 need 2 smoke
 @unbrokenspirit2 @palmerreport  think nunes sees his career going up in smoke along with others
 just been to hella smoke sessions 
 lights  smoke   saturdaynightq @eastsidestation sp  @adambombshow @djrapko 
 i really need to go back to having multiple weed men cause niggas are very unreliable 
 when you need to smoke something but you decided to stop smoking for a while
 you put the weed in the coconut and you light the shit up 
 i hope my weed doesnt crush my cosmic brownies
 ugh i need to smoke man
 my head hurt now  .. i need to smoke and go to sleep . assaaaapp
 on me when im without gars and just have weed i start inventing my own pipes and shit  dawg
 shit gues bout to just chill in my truck and smoke aint shit to do
 whatchu mean we got weed and codeine and some bricks to sell.
 i need a smoke
 pussy money weed
 i need weed 
 i need someone to smoke with me 
 yea i smoke 
 boutta smoke this blizz and knock tf out
 thw guy who said a guy wearing a choker smokes menthols.
 that after work smoke session by yourself 
 the guy who said wearing a choker means youre good at sucking dick smokes camel mentohols.
 lets smoke tho 
 i may smoke but that doesnt mean im a bum. lol
 i need some pussy i got weed already big facts
 imma smoke this blunt and then crash tf out
 getchu a mans that gives you back massages  smokes spliffs  and eats leftovers in bed with you
 who tryna smoke im a bogue ass smokee
 they tried to burn my dreams i can still smell the smoke
 where the smoke sessions
 look fuckers i need weed   who tf want money
 i need to smoke so i can sleep.
 has anyone ever rolled up a fresh piece of white  printer paper and tried to smoke it lol
 need to smoke a 1.5 or some 
 build a wall around the whitehouse with all trump lapdogs amp smoke out the traitors. russiagate mayflowerhotel sca 
 and today  2017  we must build a wall around it. smoke out every last traitor. russiagate trumpleaks mayflower s 
 yea so new york weed is not good
 shawty smoke that jenkem pack
 jonathan is not impressed with the wildflowers. he said they are just weeds  wildflower superbloom california 
 @judnikki im sure there was consensual interracial nazi love lol im goign to smoke see u guys later
 need some new friends who actually wanna do other things besides smoking good weed
 jubileeperu cheers throughmylens relaxing bbq drinks time with my fav. @ smoke restaurant 
 this honey oil by @ganjagold is amazing. you can smoke it  vape it  bake it  eat it  etc. . 
 this honey oil by @ganjagold is amazing. you can smoke it  vape it  bake it  eat it  etc. . 
 i caught myself about to walk outside amp smoke this bowl completely naked lmao
 msm r the weeds obama the snake slither through unscathed for 8 yrs amp now dwn the road to set up deep state chk lynchs seditious comments
 @bskneverstops03 damn bih.. you dont smoke do you 
 @repkarenbass @msnbc maybe trumpcare was smoke and the real story is tillerson making the world hate usa. 
 @leavittalone i love smoked salmon. my grocery store sells it in small increments of two or three bucks and it is like crack to me. so good
 icosr2017 yasmin hurd greatgrandchildren of mice exposured to cannabis still show reward processing abnormalities. wow...
 me  yea but we broke in paradise so its useless. well not you chainemane ...mr sell weed and use a job as camouflage...besides bro...
 free smokee
 ima cut back on the weed fr  its taking a negative toll out on me. im just gone stop spending my money on it
 bro my weed is dangerous i stg
 u know.....some times i just gotta chill in a tree and smoke some trees. 
 need to smoke and eat to return to a 100
 theres so much weed stuck in the chairs in my back porch i could probably roll at least a blunt with all of it.
 any of yall ever took weed on the plane  like a half oz or oz 
 i need to smoke
 hell yeah weeds out here savin lives n shit 
 who need some weed 
 @rawwmondaw where the plug grandma needs some weed 
 @isaaccivil really asked for medical marijuana at the walgreens pharmacy in vegas
 no more legal right to smoke a cigarette and watch how you talk cuz we thug niggas and philosophers. the thug bluep 
  need to smoke before i dont stop
 @realdonaldtrump wait until ryan takes over you tax bill.. hes not with you.. hes with better way in dark smokey back rooms that hate you
 pussy money weed
 @itsdws this smoke better then my last shit
 can someone pls explain to me why people smoke boges  shits fuckin whack
 i guess imma have to get my own personals   and weed
 @theellenshow @eltonofficial @katyperry @sarahhudsonuvs @portiaderossi @miakhalifa @msisisking bitch i got a smoke 
 i need to finish laundry . i need to smoke a blunt. and i also need a few dabs .
 @theellenshow @eltonofficial @katyperry @sarahhudsonuvs @portiaderossi @miakhalifa @msisisking @oprah i got a smoke 
 good thing i smoked before coming to get the oil changed lmao
 i dont need weed  i just need my bfs scent amp im good
 @canolainfo grape seed oil is a better neutral oil  higher healthy fat content  higher smoke point
 i need to fucking smoke
 if i share my weed with you i share my heart with u
 i want to smoke myself to death on 420 and i need someone to join me.
 i need weed amp food
 i smoke amp got real cookie everywhere i go facts  im finna take dis shit international  ydd
 i love that i can buy weed without a medicare in fresno
 last smoke session 
 the freedom to smoke wherewhenever buckles under the weight of the threat it carries @lisamacncheese  so smoking bans stand 12
 @marijuanapixs i can smell that through the screen.  i need to go smoke now lol.
 @sinsationalli lmao but im not these dudes aint worth it wish we could smoke and chisme. i b going thru it with this dating shit
 i need to smoke
 ima always sell weed tho 
 still need to smoke
 breaks up weed on a jazz greatest hits cd 
 i need a smoke. and some chicken. 
 security lady can you hide me while i smoke this cigarette.
 i need to smoke 
 i asked her to pick me up some hemp seeds from the store 
 next check going to a lil bit of weed   savings   and i think imma do some sweet
 @igotgameea if i make the cannabis oil  can you  ale these 
 some bum at mcdonalds asked if i wanted weed
 yea its the weed  
 high as hell watching jay and silent bob smoke weed with afroman @thatkevinsmith @jaymewes
 why do teens smoke cigs to look artsy its gross
 your in syracuse area amp stuck on a life of opiates to manage pain amp thinking of trying medical marijuana have questions inbox me try 2 help
 or maybe i need more weed
 i love when my friends start selling weed  im like hell yeah  support local business bro
 who got that reefer tho
 yo if your friend everrrr rats you out to the pigs that you have weed  dat aint a friend  thats a snitch. and snitches are bitches.
 this guy next to me at a red light tried to get me to buy weed off of him   homie we af a mf intersection
 @fbi too quick.. that i am now smoke.. get it 
 yea smoke crack lol
 i fr need someone to smoke w 
 to hit up the weed man or to not hit up the weed man
 im mad genorous with my money and my weed and god still finds a way to make me lose it
 damn right my weeds laced
 hell naw i aint fucking with no bum asses u not finna hop in my whip and smoke my shit for free
 just need some weed and her 
 need some smoke
 new smoker...first effort.. ill give myself a b... pelletgrill 
 @trailandultra im curious  was talking about weed your agenda all along in this ultrachat 
 @vibehi didnt she say that blacks are like weed she should be eliminated
 i need some fucking weed.
 my friend tried to convince me he was growing basil and i said if those are marijuana seedlings let me borrow it. 
 today was just really shitty and im an emotional wreck right now ugh send weed
 o cus u smoke huh 
 i wish the weed man would bring me a w2. i need some of that money back.
 percocets  adderall  ecstasy  pussy  money  weed.. faded for a week
 @potus @secpricemd once again  missing the point on recreational marijuana. regulations prevent progress in science n medicine. tax haven 0
 @potus @secpricemd marijuana thc is akin to various proof of alcohol. some r better at handling intoxication than others. im not condoning
 i wanted to smoke more but my knee is hindering me from being great 
 you frfr a dang weedhead 
 i need a friend that smokes as much as me
 sometimes all you need is a smoke
 need weed hmu 
 just tried my weed infused olive oil that i made in class on some toast.
 i need a weed man  but you have to roll it for me too  im serious tho.
 u may have eaten too many weed gummies on the plane if you eagerly await cell service to google this 
 the whole world smoke bih lol
 really need to smoke me on right now 
 this nigga needs to work at chrysler or sell weed. cant do both mr lol
 lets all buy some weed and get along
 your guide to the best weed strains available right now  via @complexmaglife
 all i do is smoke weed and talk shit bitchesss
 i dont think the federal government realizes how much in federal tax money for other projects they could acquire by legalizing marijuana.
 im rollin up a blunt so i could smoke real quick
 or they trying to fuck you .. but maybe not cause if they was theyd smoke you up.  
 dog i need to smoke. or .... yeah. i need to smoke.
 yea i had the drank yea i smoked
 need a man i can smoke with tbh
 im up at 130 listening to this guy talk about galaxys and stars.i feel like im obligated to smoke weed and think about what he said now
 im starting to develop a smokers cough
 all that you are is all that i need. rising like the smoke you linger on me.
 i need a weed man thats up 248
 hell yeaaa  i smoke too much for that shit... 
 dawg i was really consumimg weed like the feds won the drug war  i taper down and i start having dreams and shit about missing flights
 cutting back on my weed consumption
 mark my words. if illinois legalizes recreational marijuana they will also push 4 government funded mj to citizens as a basic right to ppl.
 i need to smoke again 
 all i do is smoke and make hits imma bitch 
 @nupe117 @mypchicago @cspanwj @reason cbd hemp oil is nonpsychoactive.  it contains no thc.
 the dea approved of a synthetic marijuana for use in cancer and aids patients. guarantee theyll charge an arm and 
 but they got weed tho right 
 i need to get some more weed today
 wake n bake where my real smokers @ 
 bitches like this erk me  be thankful he didnt invite you over for netflix or to smoke tf .. effort is appreciate 
 @krisdokekris @metroottawa @metrohalifax actually  no  it doesnt.  chronic asthmatic here  all smoke leads to inflammation.
 @krisdokekris @metroottawa @metrohalifax actually  no  it doesnt.  chronic asthmatic here  all smoke leads to inflammation.
 @krisdokekris @metroottawa @metrohalifax understood  referring to secondhand smoke.  i expect the same nonsmoking laws will be in place.
 hey @johnmorganesq  when you successfully manage to legalize recreational marijuana here in florida  id like to share a smoke with ya.
 theres smoke here need to keep peeling the onion 
 seen the smartest investment the other day. the weed man was also the candy man 
 cut out the drama and replace it with the marijuana
 gonnn waste at least 5hrs today doing community service when i could be having smoke sessions 
 buy my own weed  smoke my own weed
 fighting the urge to smoke because i really need to chill on that shit
 this some bullshit. its fuckin weed did you find shit that can kill people no 
 that shit i smoke that shit so loud 
 all i need  pussy  money  weed
 xanax are the devil stick to weed or maybe codeine if portioned right 
 need another reason to go to canada   canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 return of smoke to wisconsin    
 @spinnellii building cases against peoplecompanies using recreational drugs like weed and partaking in such endevo 
 i need some weed.
 @dknice24 @ohthatsdj we all know smoking weed is the holy grail of sins tho 
 @bobston25318792 that smoke makes conjob look crooked as hell
 watch me smoke this cookie bet not nan nigga gone do shit to me 
 it doesnt suck for me because i didnt smoke. but it definitely sucked for a lot of people... good hires but could 
 i need to fucking smoke
 its not sessions is anti marijuana  its them trying to figure out how trump amp cronies can be the sole proprietors 
 maybe i should start smoking weed.... lol
 watching 13 reasons why pretty good im hooked drinking coffe boutta smokeee
 ion sell weed  im bouta get that shit back in tho
 i need to smoke   like now
 or maybe smoke a blunt  
 chevelle needs to wake her ass up. im tryna wake and bake  i know she gotta have weed lmao.
 the guy who did my oil changed said  you smoke bud  welppppppp
 the amount of smoke  nods  and go cards ive gotten from people wearing stl gear makes up for all the cubs fans ive walked by
 im overthinking this way too much. i need to smoke 
 i need to cut this out  theres so much smoke in my miiind 
 @nickehlers01 the beauty of bop dont need high revs to keep the smoke pouring. just lotsa grunt.
 need some weed killer... at @lowes home improvement in statesboro  ga 
 bitches who just smoke to look cute are annoying af. your wasting so much cannabis right now and look stupid af whi 
 @cnnbrk you are going down because u hate israel and the president and you support weed. bye drugs and criminals @realdonaldtumpr @vp
 need weed 
 not a cowboys fan but im with jerry jones on the idea of dropping the marijuana ban in the nfl ban.
 rodriguez the election is over. this is one family  this is one hempstead  this is one community. we need to get 
 @elliscuttinup i need to smoke wit that man fuckkk
 im tha ganja gremlin bitches the dab dynasty
 when my weed man showed me his new tree 
 you can smoke it  eat it  drink it  vape it. know the ways youth could use marijuana amp talk to them about the conse 
 need some friends in nac that love to smoke and listen to throw backs with chels and i
 @keegawd @lelordmamba lol hell yea dawg smoke dat shit
 i really need someone i can smoke with  eat  then lay up and kiss on ya 
 roger stone calls on trump to back legal marijuana  hits sessions for outmoded thinking  weeducateyoudecide
 @luvvaak smoke w me in person  bet u wont b speakin on twitta
 need some weed like now
 hell no this was other weed i had lol 
 @thebluntone96 if i can smoke hell yea
 i need to smoke 
 i need to smoke before i kill someone
 whats upsetting is weed isnt legal for the sole purpose that the government doesnt know how to tax it and regulate it.
 solo smoke sesh right quick to show some love to @openvape for making my heart feel like sunshine cannainformative 
 @tomwatson lets unite around the 98 of issues we already agree on. legalizing hemp is a bit less imp. than say ge 
 roll that shit  light that shit  smoke that shit
 these smoked corn dogs tho  @ butcher and the brewer  @clebrewing in cleveland  oh 
 i need to smoke.
 i need to smoke
 how much purp could smokepurpp smoke if smokepurpp could smoke purp 
 smell that smoke  that shit linger....
 who needs a gimmick i got real nigga features  who needs a diamond ring when theres crystals on your reefer
 to the guy that tried to black smoke me at the stop light... youre piped  jacked up excessive truck doesnt impress me
 i need to smoke 
 i need something to smoke g
 really finna stop working and sell weed full time fuck it 
 dodged a bullet there  wv. i mean just look at the horrible dystopian hell the pnw has become since we legalized weed. wvcannabis
 need to smoke for i flash
 u smoke in your room uhm yea  tf
 lmao smoke session 
 i need to smoke a cig
 i need smoke
 @snukasuper if you think those are smoke screens  you just might be a traitor. @washingtonpost @nytimes @cnn @msnbc
 she a weed head
 sometimes weed do be stinkin tho lol
 come smoke this blunt and give me a massage plz
 @dvieiis @zanalharrier @giowop @yknoc talk shit u still smoking that dirt weed aussie boys
 i need to smoke
 i need a weed man out here.
 need a smoke sesh
 i fully intend on spending my tax return money on weed
 need to smoke 
 ugh i need to smoke 
 yall wasting weed trying to look cute but end up looking stupid as all hell. cut it out.
 the only way is to smoke more weed
 need for weed
 over buying weed somone needs to plug me tf in 
 ima need this played at all smoke sessions on 420 
 i need to smoke  or i need a good edible
 can someone just smoke me out real quick pls n ty  
 i need someone to smoke me tf outtttttt
 you smoke like a fucking pussy 
 we need an actual smoke sesh
 i need to smoke
 this smokers cough needs to go tf away
 so you think sethy is a smoke show  huh @drflamboo
 blame it on the weed  blame it on the booze
 i still need to go and pull out money for this weed
 i need some weed... whos around
 theres so many ways 2 buy weed in la im just like okay but sell me on ur weed
 there are some people i really need to smoke with and catch up over coffee or something
 lol man if only i smoked
 i need to smoke some weed 
 need weed
 sad af. i need my weed.
 man this is exactly why i need to smoke a blunt
 maybe america needs to be less woke  and more smoke  im dead @shanedawson
 i wish i could smoke. cause i need it after that shit. whew
 i need weed 
 omg yall think you could smoke out of a taki 
 i need a smoke break from this essay
 i need weed
 i could buy a shit ton of weed .. but i havent smoked in 10 months lmao im cooooool
 i need to smoke to get out of this mood man
 watch me smoke this cookie and bet not nan bitch do shit to me. 
 im cool if you smoke weed amp shit. but in our fuckin apartment 
 need to start growing my own weed frrr
 are you an absolute trainwreck but can afford a step higher than community college do you like trees and marijuana 
 i just feel like as a female once you start looking smoked out you need to cut back on smoking for a while... yall be looking sick as hell.
 billmaher just watching your 331 show. ah  i feel you need to smoke a different weed. ur comments about hillaryclintons were deplorable
 regrann from hempsociety    hemp needs to be our main paper source share andor like if you 
 2 am smoke sessions 
 we need to smoke and watch lhhatl
 xans straight kickin   still ball harder than scotty pippin  smoke mid pack you just be trippin
 if you seriously 100 like the chain smokers please fucking block me this instance i dont need that negativity in my life ever
 roll that shit. light that shit. smoke it. @ hammonton  new jersey 
 i need weed and a dutch holy shit
 black light smoke man
 i need some weed 
 i need to smoke
 i just need to smoke
 we are in dangerous times with an idiot @potus he has to go. too much smoke to not call it a fire russiandressing .
 i call bullshit  def think this is a smokescreen... 
 reviewing a photo of what appeared to be a twin engine plane with smoke coming from both 
 new federal jobno more weed for this guy
 you dont need to read any more theres smoke  but is there fire pieces any more. i have absolved you from this nonsense.
 amp yall bum ass bitches needa get a job  stop trynna finesse me for free shit. bitch u not getting free weed or free pics from me not 4 free
 for some of you idiot stoners out there hemp and marijuana are different plants just the same family dont make use all look bad.knowurshit
 @fireflyvapor the only way to consume  this durban poison in ff2 dayamnnnn 
 i heard weed give yall dry pussy 
 beer and weed thats all we need
 im out of weed and money and its my day off. what the hell
 yall got weed tho  
 yea i had a drink yea i smoke
 @herreiss youve made me rethink why i smoke. thank you for sharing your reason and having me check my own. namaste 
 jeff blair @ baseball central the fan 590 why do you not comment of the very poor performance of smoke who should never be on the team
 second weed man i got from jackd. jackd is the new plug. lol
 i need to smoke 
 we didnt smoke tho 
 can someone make a weed dinner for 420   seriously tho....
 i just pulled up to a stoplight with yeezus playing and two kids in the car next to me offered me weed
 oh hm. maybe im wrong about medical marijuana prices in jersey. i know theyre high heh but i might have misread how high
 i just need a blunt lol im cranky af when i dont smoke stg 
 i would rather deal with weed smoke than cig smoke. at least weed smoke doesnt contribute to cancer 
 except i use the 20 to buy weed  alcohol  and cigarettes and i get lit with all my frands 
 @yourl0nelystar u should come vacation in cali amp we could smoke up . fla aint shit lmao
 living in denver is great yea yea yea snow in april lets hike big weed mountain baby yea yea yee yee
 need weed
 i had to smoke some real quick i usually dont smoke on my break but today im like i need some to get me to 430 
 idk why im aggravated   i need to smoke 
  about time somebody stood up for this. marijuana laws need rewritten.....like 80 yrs ago.....
 who needs a man when i have weed  alcohol and a vibrator
 maaaaaaaan if you a weed man and i buy some weed and u forget my rello im taking all yo shit idgaf i will do it car too bitch
 white tee ripped jeans pack of smoke thats all i need
 @grose65511 where theres smoke theres fire  need 2 watch these closely especially the republican onestheres enou 
 @ glizzybby hurry up i need to smoke
 @glizzybby  hurry up i need to smoke
 i need to get some smoke im out .
 thetrumpreport cillizza theres a lot of smoke around donald trumps associates and russia  cnn 
 imma weedhead 
 who needs some bomb ass weed
 nigga dropping the weed everywhere so tragic jesus
 poke the weed in wtf lmao 
 thetrumpreport cillizza trump just keeps creating smokescreens to mask his russia problem  cnn 
 my issue is that i still look like the kind of guy who sells weed. 
 i really just need to smoke rn
 @liftedbud @theloudbank if you smoke weed  how could you possibly get a headache
 @sitdownash only people making money off of weed stocks are private company investors in canada n shit lol.
 i borrow cigs from my friend so she smokes less. im doing the world a service
 @bossbassboss ok will do with his feelings   shit makes me not to smoke
 smoke this clip  smoke this clip.
 there aint no drama with some marijuana
 @msmandahfx all you need is something to smoke
 but i smokes tho
 @billburr hey man youre awesome for being one of the few people who doesnt talk shit about detroit for laughs. and the weed idea. awesome.
 yesterday umeh asked me to smoke but he actually asked me do you smoke marijuana alexx omfg i already love being here hahahah
 fair comment by @20committee. but will trump stooges use as yet more smoke to cover their dear leaders tracks 
 man i smoke so many leaves  i piss trees a dude at the library
 fyi cannabis was available for purchase over the counter in australia prior to signing the treaty of versailles in 1919.
 kush weed gets me higher
 naaaa i need weed son this man needs to wake up 
 my son is curing cancers with pure  potent  organic  nonpetrochemicalprocessed fullextract  cannabis oil.  
 i think bobmarley said hit this weed real quick and bring ur wifey on tour wit u like i did 
 i think bobmarley said hit this weed real quick and bring ur wifey on tour wit u like i did 
 something only pussies smoke 
 i need marijuana
 imma thug  i dont smoke hookah
 @perdomocigars would love to hear the history that is keeping p away from big smoke miami. i canceled ca due to love fest with communism.
 i need to smoke
 @jerrybrowngov just raised taxes on smokes by 2. government control by taxation
 might post a slight video on snap in the studio or smoke session but it be so quick mfs have no idea.
 but my baddie cant smoke so i smoke it all for her  
 all this smoke got me feeling real nauseous  ridin wit them bricks got me feelin real cautious
 @cnn @cillizzacnn. theres a lot of smoke around you butt cnn
 you cant die from marijuana  the only way u can is if you have 40lbs while in a plane  throw it out of it  amp it hits u in the fucking head
 smokin weed in a rental car 
 bullshit on fire  smoke. 
 @wsj you might be a republican if you think the us is too soft on marijuana users.
 hey guys  your cologne doesnt hide the smell of the pot you just smoked
 i need a new weed man... these niggas and they packs are 
 i need some weed
 you could catch ah nigga out with my freaks out  weed loud  killah 
 traveing it dude.  now that 9pm hits.  the full smell of some really good weed wafts through the hotel.  damn...too old for that shit
 need friends whos going to pull up with weed  pizza and wings and play cards and talk shit right about now
 but we will lock people up for possession of marijuana. foh 
 just need good weed amp me time
 @srhelenaburns real smoke. real nuns. thank you  jesus  for leading me to the pauline family. count me in.
 @reefermcgee @michaelishigh i love watching that when i@ smoke ing up a nice joint
 @ac360 really your still calling the susan rice revaluation a distraction  or smoke screen
 @cnnbrk really your still calling the susan rice revaluation a distraction  or smoke screen
 @cnn really your still calling the susan rice revaluation a distraction  or smoke screen american people arent stupid
 120 hydrocodone  4 oz of marijuana  1 oz of wax  cash  and paraphernalia. maybe you shouldnt speed carrying all th 
 coworker hey can you watch my tables real quick while i go out amp smoke im like yeah sure b i got you  y am i in the restroom on twitter
 he smoke trees while im up on my knees
 lmao this use to be everybody after smoke sessions going back into school  
 @browneyedgiirl we need to smoke esme 
 really need to weed out the shitty friends
 i just need someone to smoke with 
 @cnn 32 favorability wake up peoples doesnt matter which party u r on where theres smoke theres fire impeach no potus
 once again in need of weed....
 @vinnydemacedo campaign of propaganda against cannabis continues even in his hometown. has he no shame his own voters voted in favor of 4
 we need more light  not more smoke or heat. heres a start in the right direction.  via @
 if i dont smoke this weekend imma be mad af
 this is fucking trash. i love the taste of weed and alcohol. van gogh also cut off part of his ear and gave it to a 
 she like i just need some weed 
 usingcommonsense   trump  should  release his  tax  returns   amp smoke will  be  clear.  might  blow up in his  face. counting on it.
 recreational marijuana is now legal in maine. heres what you need to know 
 i need to smoke omg
 need weed help
 pussy money weed headass 
 need a reliable weed man in elizabeth 
 i just need to smoke a zip n get away
 this smoke session is boring 
 damn i need to smoke fucc.
 bihhh i just ordered my weed to be delivered like a pizza
 i need a sum fuckin weed asap
 i need some weed lol
  i need to smoke or something
 my mom just asked me why i need weed. and im like....gurl  i have 1 bowl a night...
 somebody sell me some weed
 i need to smoke
 .223 take a tree down  might smoke a tree now
 i need to smoke 
 i have this theory that weed can heal every disease with the rite amount distributed the rite way for a sickness...people sleepy tho
 just realized im out of weed and its midnight 
 man twitter really made me mad tonight. i need to smoke now
 i need to smoke
 need to smoke 
 im ss i do smoke hookah in response to yg diss im a thug ion smoke hookah
  clear a misunderstanding of what sig means.  people who smoke together do talk and media needs a cabal to accuse.
 @stansburyshow  do you think legalizing weed cuts down on the heavy drug use legalize and tax it. schools funded
 crineee  i can smoke now wassup witchu headass  
 you smoke butane. fuck off.
 i need to restock on the weed 
 smoke weed  sell lean an get money my vices.
 just got 100 from the government... idkwhy but that looks like weed money 2 me 
 imma start selling weed and imma take cards
 @lashaune i wish you still smoke but aite dats a bet suh
 clouds are getting thick and dark  i may not make weedeating. ugh
 i use to sell oz by the zip bag and i smoke purple outta 82s not no zig zags
  i had a dream last night i bought weed from a chinese man outside the grocery store  shit was random af 
 @cnn smoke screens why cnn is the only network reporting on these and why cnn viewers are the only people that can see them more at noon
 hey do you guys smoke weed
 you dont smoke tho 
 late update but @desnotdesmond let me try his weed kool aid and about thirty min after my knees were like jello i was naturally jiggin
 i need to smoke
 we need to smoke assad to ashes period  and russia needs to know to stand down or therere next time to make a statement outnumbered
 with payday right around the corner  i shit you not  i can already smell my weed 
 pussy  money  weed.
 loud smokers make me really uncomfortable
 soooo u got money for weed and shit pero no para pagar bills nigga fuck otta here.
 heard you smoke blunts you down with paper planes or nah
 i need to smoke a blunt yo maybe even 3
 need a smoke break
 yea i need to smoke
 maybe buy food instead of weed
 i really just need a smoke break right now.
 all i do is smoke talk shit and find ways to be petty
 let weed protect you from murder  assault  home invasion and car theft in that case then...people are so stupid som 
 i need more girlfriends that smoke as much as me 
 i need me a baddie who smokes just as much as me and likes the same type of music 
 we have openings available from now until 630 this evening if youd like to get a medical marijuana recommendation. 420doctor malibu ca
 are you wondering what is a marijuana myth vs fact check out this great resource amp share the info with your teen. 
 i never cry. so im feelin the love and im overwhelmed currently. need to go smoke now lol
 morehouse had to ban skirts and purses because yall was starting to look like spelman so im not understanding how yall want smoke
 420 pot day is in 3 weeks do u see pot users gathering to smoke in celebration talk to yr teens 420marijuanaday 
 i smoke cause i like the taste tho.  
 why am i not smoking weed and basking in the sunshine someplace is this slow hell
 420 pot day is in 3 weeks do u see pot users gathering to smoke in celebration talk to yr teens 420marijuanaday 
 @platanomaduro1 u sell weed
 does anyone know how much pot i would need to smoke to cure me of what is assumably almost a quarter of my life
 your wcwmcm smoke spice
 i need to smoke 
 if california wants to be a sanctuary city  cut off their federal funds amp burn their marijuana fields since they want that too
 fuck the police tho  we smoke it like its legal 
 i need to smoke 
 yea  there would be just a bit of smoke out if vikings fans ears over this signing. lol 
 probably at work lol. so many weedmen these days niggas had to get real jobs. 
 @nychealthy i used to be a smocial soaker amp got cancer  now cancer free for 13 years. hallelujah. btwsocial smoker  no pun intended  lol 
 i need some weed 
 i need to smoke
 @deionslanders @comatosesosa they tried to steal his weed lol
 i need a smoke break 
 will smoke out whoever in return for a hair cut  please and thank you.
 im all for marijuana  but if 100 of your snap stories are you taking dabs  maybe you need more excitement in your life
 i need some weed
 im at mayfield smoke shop in cleveland  oh  
 i need a smoke sesh.
 i need to smoke
 someone needs to control the runaway intelligence communitytime to weed out trump traitors great move therell b 
 @adambambino smoke that shit 
 fuck i need some weed
 my mom said you be all on that weed  that anastasia had you gonnnne huh   that shit really aint no joke 
 i need to quit smoke nah so much and get back to this gym
 @impeachdtrump when will the gop finally say that @realdonaldtrump is a incompetent fraud and must go  hes their smokescreen.  beware
 i need me some weed
 @mkbhd that smoke tho 
 me and @heaatherrrrrr need to get a pound of weed and just go at it. 
 need some weed
 everyone just needs to smoke a blunt sometimes
 i need weed
 aye e @ibrahimabah1  deeze pussys dont believe  we smoke on the moon
 @2trilltonio supposedly they tried stealing some weed from them when they stepped out the room .
 @emilyhawtpants we need to smoke and have girl chat asap. wtf are we doing
 why cannabis needs a civil rights act 
 who tryna smoke at 11 ill smoke u up just need a plug
 hefty new tax a drag on santa cruz county smokers 
 why somebody just asked me if i sell weed.. df
 i need a weed man that takes paypal.
 damn near everybody sell weed or hair
 the same activities u demonized niggas doing ytppl are about to get rich off of as weed is legalized  they already rich off legal heron
 that smoke tho 
 us ag jeff sessions doj task force will review marijuana enforcement policies  to ensure consistency. 
 he smokes a clip thn his on da way
 hey im inner heavens   to nice here anyhow just brighter when use weed  in every way as very dark  depends where u wanna go  just no lie
 councilwoman garfield thx everyone who participated in last weekends weedathon in @pacificgroveca 
 guys ... i need help  who has took weed with them to the airport like is it possible 
 @ac360 lets bet clintons created this smoke screen and oblamas 12333 mod set it in motion. homey d clown  dont 
 i need someone to smoke a bowl with
 i need to smoke. 
 need weed   who can i hit up 
 this nigga in a mustang turned and laughed at me  thinking i was slow or some shit  so i had to smoke his ass real quick 
 @1tasia lmao they weed suck 
 @1tasia lmao im not the only one that said florida weed suck but my plug shit have u high for hours omg
 @jabufu im of the same im here. but theyre attempted smokescreens really just further out themselves to people with common sense
 just need to smoke with my mom..and that will be everyone in my immediate family
 weeding vinyl is about as annoying as weeding the yard...  just a few more colors to go. i need 
 need 2 smoke 
 i need to smoke
 the fact that matthew remembers that chicken nuggets amp weed are the sadness cure for me is so cute. 
 i need to smoke so bad b
 i need some smoke
 yea i had a drink  yea i smoked
 these lil niggas really just tried to sell me some weed at the corner lol they hot asf
 these lil niggas really just tried to sell me some weed at the corner store lol they hot asf
 spraying hey in the dark its a good night to make some weed free rogator doingitinthedark 
 real friends share their weed thats y i love mine lol
 im really trying not to text the weed man 
 i need to smoke 
 they come down and tell me with great concern that they can smell marijuana and we need to stop but all i could do was fuckin laugh at them
 jesus rt @gritzsimmons holy smokes 
 i smoke to not be low.....idk if that makes sense
 free smoke tho
 for instance if your family has a history of cancer but you smoke thats stupid 
 i need to smoke..
 for instance if your family has a history of cancer but you smoke
 man i need smoke everyone irritating tf outta me
 i need me a man that smokes me out for free
 were like weeds and wildflowers.
 okay but why do i get peer pressured so much to smoke... like people im a goodie two shoes 
 i need some weed 
 if a nigga pulled out a pepsi and tried to give it to the police at a protest they would damn near think it was a gun and smoke they ass
 casey i need marijuana
 i need some weed out here
 i just want to smoke with all of you  spread love and positivity. we all need it.  if your an 
 unfortunately i didnt smoke any weed tonight soooo .. ill be up til about 4 maybe 6
 in need of a smoke sesh asapppp
 clownedddd  im so weaaak.. young smoke burp  @maxwells 
 some of yall need to stop while youre behind. go smoke or sleep or something.
 i need a blunt   can some bless my life amp smoke me out 
 i need some smoke
 @hemplifetoday i support hemp all the way.. i also consume hemp oil daily 
 pussy money weed
 shelbee i need smoke a blunttt but let me go pee first...     we dont have any tho
 theyre doing exactly what the gopers did about hillary keep fanning the smoke as much as you can and hopefully som 
 weed over pussy weed over alcohol
 fucking assholes piss off dill weeds 
 nah i need some weed
 @gemmemes bet this nigga going to get some weed or some pussy...  or his 2k from the bro
  no way in hell im driving all the way out to federal way just to smoke. it aint even like that lol.
 i wish i could just call someone up when i need a smoke out  like an emergency hotline or sumn
 ima smoke 19 by the end of the day  bet 
 im seriously starting to think like weed was helping me have the awesome sleep i was getting bc now i cant sleep and i really need it ..
 also he asked if we wanted to smoke a bowl with him
 i use to be so reliable on weed n shit .. when i use to feel like this i would go numb n black tf out
 good people dont smoke marijuana ya okay jeff sessions
 i need to smoke
 i need you know was my first praise dance song   still my fav smokey norful banger
 i dont need your money  your life  your car  your bitch  your pussy  or your weed. if you gon be around me all i need is your loyalty.. 
 failed for weed too that shit was whack 
 i use to smoke swishasss  like a regular nigga. now imma backwood typa nigga.
 when he says good people dont smoke marijuana  jeff sessions reminds me of my church lady granny. story checks out.
 got an og named billy bo cletus  he ont smoke weed  but he really dont need it
 @briannabutlerr nobody smokes to look cute tho..
 we should watch this shit when we smoke  @imsohellacold 
 @myarevamped this shouldnt even be a thought. keep it in rotation rt @myarevamped maybe i dont need to smoke again.
 why u stressin im just countin money while i smoke
 @mihos1819 smh you could maybe  smoke with me perhaps
 man i need to smoke.
 wake amp bake with bud kushions  the worlds first pillow in the likeness of marijuana buds 
 i smoke way to much weed to beg anybody to smoke with me.. bz you got me fucked up
 jeff sessions talking about marijuana is still funny
 good to know when im stuck i still have to do your stupid fucking smoke run
 or sell weed 
 that bitch a real crackhead trynna buy xans w weed
 @michigankid89 lol i went out to smoke at 3am and i was mad lol
 makaylas snapchatting me her new piece but she is a closet smoker so im tagging her in some shit her family wouldnt like on facebook
 scoop imma smoke u out
 rainbowcolored smoke. obviously achieved in post... smokephotography nikonphotography chicagoprotog 
 @washtimes @idaflo medical marijuana gets less problematic to use than a sedative from the doctor.
 @ochocinco and then smokes another right after.. thats confidence 
 mama needs a god damn smoke break.
 who the fuck starts shit over weed and what it looks like  tf 
 tbt the time mittenkitten13 looked at me the way rihanna looks at weed mintwednesdays 
 spice up your life at seor smokes they have tacos burritos and nachos that are the bomb check it out in section 
 this is just the smoke  wait until the fire is revealed. 
 my skepticism thinks this is all smoke me mirrors. hes not really going away. just lurking in the dark like a trol 
 also shows how the nfl could care less about players with alcohol problems but god forbid they smoke a blunt to rel 
 also my pussy smells like weed
 i really need to smoke after that facetime conversation
 i dont smoke at all tho
 i need some weed
 a zip really would last me awhile tho cause ion smoke everyday fr i just smoke alot when i do.
 i had a dream i was in college again and got busted with weed lmao wtf 
 no free smoke  @ cleveland  ohio 
 check out  if you want to know how cannabis helps your body.  also i wanted to share 
 plane safely landed at norman rogers airport after reported smoke. 2 occupants safe  seen by @fpsparamedics amp plane 
 yall aint want no fuckin smoke imma pull up 100it deep wit dem dicks and let dem shits bang nigga tf who wanna ban 
 it dont matter. rather a smoke session tho 
 some people smoke   others drink  and others fall in love  each one dies in a different way.
 these two weirdos really tried waking me up just so they can smoke
 i need a girls day with a lot of laughing  alcohol  amp weed 
 bro kashajaun such a faggot tf he will sell everyone some weed but me and  i only call him when im desperate like ur weed not shit ho
 i need to go in the house and smoke.
 @potus marijuana legalization sir  you seriously need to look at the tax  being raised in co.  or  wa state. the 
 in need of weed 
 and while on the subject of marijuana legalization amp rescheduling  iwe  medical marijuana patients amp recreational users need your help.
 really about to say i smoke cigarettes hell 
 dudes sell a lil weed and think they pablo escobar  fakeflexing
 @garyandshannon  from a bleeding heart lefty  whoevers offended by don rickles humor can kiss my hemp underpants 
 the guy at the smoke shop had a case full of hetti glass lmao
 i tried to date women that smoke  it doesnt work for me lol
 i need lots of weed
 @steveochillin dude they have wrap down here that we dont have up there.. like real cheap shit amp its all trash i cant smoke that lmao
 i really wanna smoke with my bro and sis. like i need a session with my fam
 isabella was listing shit and she deadass goes i smoke weed  marijuana  tobacco 
 and need to smoke
 jeff sessions thinks weed is slightly less awful than heroine. wtf
 about to smoke myself to jesus
 i need a smoke 
 @forbes .... marijuana will create amazing shit you wouldnt be able to vision ..
 cbd seeking a marijuana miracle  via @denverpost maybe this is why we need to be proactive in finding the solution.
 youd think weed have the technology to prevent glass from breaking after a 2 foot fall. iphoneproblems appleproblems apple
 my reality. allergic to weeds  trees amp grasses. welcome spring i bet im not allergic to palm trees  
 @annjal1 hell to the naww  imma smoke from a apple before i do this cluck shit
 are people surprised that a guy who gives assout kisses and hugs didnt work out with a smokeshow who sends bondag 
 imma smoke this joint then imma break you off
 i need to smoke and i need popeyes
 get you a girl who doesnt poison herself with smoke
 i need to smoke so i can start my dad
 i need to smoke so i can start my day
 i need to smoke
 i really need a smoke break after class
 yea i f you for an hour  then i smoke it offfff 
 fuck what yall talking about lud foe had good grades cause he used to sell his teacher weed lol
 830 am seems early for a prank call so maybe dearcustomer really thinks walmart has a medical marijuana department.  sigh.
 atrocious violation of privacy. needs to stop   very scary.  there are other ways. @ hempstead 
 i complimented the mail room lady on her huff socks and then she asked me to smoke 
 i need to smoke....cause im sick as fuck
 @davidyankovich @harleydavidson @cnn first trump must smoke piece pipe with @harleydavidson
 medical marijuana invention combines cannabis with produce 
 effects of marijuana use on thyroid function and autoimmunity are unknown. marijuana use was not associated with th 
 imma sip until i feel it imma smoke it til its done
 can i clock out and go smoke oil
 i need weed
 some good weed with a baddie
 lil wayne pussy money weed 
 both weedmen occupied 
 catch me and tai in an uber you know that bih smoked out bumping thug
 i tried to smoke it awaaay 
 i dont smoke at all but i busted out laughing reading that 
 thats cool if youre into anime amp curreny  therell be a lot to talk about during our smoke sessions
 jeff sessions offers cannabis industry no reassurance  
 @muayythaichick hes growing like a weed. needs obedience training
 i found a seed in my weed and it said to me plant me ousside howbow dah
 imma weed head and lean head 
 you know this is @rihanna right. wheres the weed 
 i need smoke
 fuck i need to smoke im pissed 
 as us old timers would say  this place is the bees knees  bbq brisket @ midwood smokehouse 
 i really have to travel to suitland and temple hills just to get everything a smoker need for the low 
 henny session amp smoke session at my spot tonight
 i could use a few smokes now that ive had my bit of coffee to save me from sleeping in my last classes. also i love abnormal psych
 i need to smoke
 boi just used a hemp wick to light a cig. gotta avoid that butane if you wanna get to your 699 unknown chemicals including rat poison
 nflpa preparing proposal for less punitive approach to marijuana use  fox5dc
 @rrrpitwx hes building a strawman is what hes doing. and once he builds it  hell probably try to smoke it.
 peace  love  amp weed is all we need
 chick outside mcdonalds said something to me. couldnt understand. repeated. still couldnt. her friend goes weed do you want to buy weed
 @bob1220catlover im @alapoet on here. @stevee is a different guy completely  and he might not even smoke marijuana. 
 bet lana smokes these 
 i need to smoke like now 
 pussy money weed is all a nigga need
 when my dads gf calls our smoke sessions nerve therapy  
 hell yeaah or smoked it  
 @mmpadellan actually  i think if he were smoking cannabis  hed be a better @potus he is somebody who needs to buffer his brain
 matthew mcconaughey needs to take a break from the weed and the bongo drums...just saying
 kyle turleybstopped by with hemp party favors.  hey mannnnn 
 half of you get fucked for xans and smoke downs 
 all good friendships starts with a smoke session 
 need the malia shirt that says we all smoke  its ok
 fuck weed wtf 
 stephen jackson said he has played in nba games after marijuana use 
 upside of social media it helps me weed my lust object pool. this is also the downside. why do guys i want to bang love shitty things
 unromanticspouse patti says my husband bought me a weedwacker amp safety glasses for valentines day @radiofroggy @bisteccapgh dangershow
 onedaywithoutacellphone ill use smoke signals
 alright real shit im just trynna smoke
 i said tre wanna come off one of yo kidneys he said hell yeah yk i will chris like hell nah he smoke kush  damn
 i need weed. 
 i actually got to smoke at 420 today  lol. not 820 like i normally do being at work and all
 i wish i could spawn a person to sit outside and talk to me while i smoked a square
 i use to know who all my homeboys hoes was when i just simply pulled up to smoke with them.
 but where the weed man at
 need some weed and some dick in  my life wow
 im smoking weed all up on campus i call that a higher education
 tifannies always wanna smoke for da free...better hit yo knees before u hit this tree u aint put in green 
 femies always wanna smoke for da free...better hit yo knees before u hit this tree u aint put in green  
 anthony got mad cause i asked him for some money to buy some weed
 im boutta smoke my head off  and right after that buy some more shit 
 are any friends available for marijuana consumption
 @kingswiftt its gon be a wrapppp imma have to smoke a few to it
 i need to smoke and calm the fuck down. for real pissed tf off
 good weed sells itself
 i definitely need my weed card that buying shit out
 i need some weed 
 intergalactic cannabis plants and the oil beautiful   healing  just the way it looks. doesnt seem to be earthly. 
 all i do is smoke man
 i just had a smoke session in the back of a bently
 like i am not an expert on weed by any definition but i think this may be like  stuff smoked twice already and also maybe just hemp
 i need to stop waiting until the end and not try to smoke it all right before i leave home
 pass me the green i need some weed with my hennessey 
 i really need to smoke a bowl or 10
  we need to smoke soon i miss you man 
 matthewmcconaughey this traitor  misogynistic  who cant read   really go dance around naked and smoke another b 
 @itsseanmc love is love internets and i dont h8 migos for the record. i just think they rhyme wack but i bet they cool af to smoke with
 bitch i need some weed and then sleep
 @jazzyb4468 he has weed money. save the brownies. hell buy some and you use that to ship me some. lets check if he 
 matthew mcconaughey needs to stick to what he does best.  smoking weed and playing bongos naked
 smoking weed but yea  
 my mom just asked me if i had any weed i could sell her lmfaoooo
 so this random ass guy recently been snapchating me bags of weed amp keeps telling me if i give him a kiss hell give me a free bag of weed.
 watch the drama unfold for oc smoke on episode 3 of behind the bow tonight at 930pm.  
 need new people to smoke with man
 some ppl need to smoke before they eat some ppl need to smoke after. i need to do both. lol
 i need somewhere to smoke this thrax lol
 u use me just for weed
 i need a smoke 
 where theres smoke  theres fire with @crownroyal whisky crownroyal crownyourbartender diageorep 
 science of cannabis 
 i need to smoke a blunt man
 maybe the schizofrenchchick smoked crack with the yell house guy. that makes so much sense...
 need friends i can call up to comeover and smokeout at night
 the smokes revealed a glimpse of the cliff and the floor is slipping away
 i have more than tried marijuana. it makes you feel relaxed in intimate situations kim cattrall  kimcattrall 
 @shaelaa also just looks like u got a bunch of weed stuck behind ur nail bc u messy
 pussy money weed 
 it aint a fucking sing along unless you brought the weed along.
 all my plugs are slumped and i just need some fucking weed 
 now we just need weed amp its a good valentines 
 i dont smoke but i could use a dutchie rn
 i had used to sell weed  
 this guy asked me if i have weed  like of course i do.. like this if you also felt the disrespect.
 .@thecoldcivilwar excited about the upcoming jeff sessionss impact on the us cannabis community
 @newtgats this is why you need to come to cali  where the cannabis flows freely
 couple of threes makeup for everybodys standing around. theres another bullshit call...gonna smoke a ref..whats the pt spread shady shit
 me and mickey are getting cannabis infused massages in barcelona
 i need pussy and weed ugh
 we need an actual smoke sesh
 i need the malia shirt.. it says its okay we all smoke  
 the shit this dude smoked is on another level lol 
 so leonardo doesnt smoke weed lol 
 i be stuck off the weed 
 i need to smoke...
 speakin of weed  who weedman up i need an eighthy
 i tried but hunger mixed with void weed  attitude   i really tried
 who needs love when you have weed
 @justkeyton smoke her shit
 jeff sessions offers cannabis industry no reassurance  
 why does everyone think i sell weed
 i wish i could smoke and not look high like some ppl i cant hide that shit
 my mom is stealing my marijuana protein 
 our saying is jesus and weed is all you needgirl from cc that goes to jackson christian
 papaya  cactus pear  banana  acacia raw honeycomb  walnut oil amp hempseed smoothie. smoothie 
 this that gas rite here smoke the other half on my break
 pussy money weed  still fire 
 i need to smoke some burning ganja today bruh who trying to bless a nigga  thoth
 @amieferrer smoke lights and i right
 that real weed  
 i need girlfriends that smoke lol
 berkeley has garbage fucking weed.
 my boss just tried to ass me on snapchat lol bitch i smoke weed
 whatchu need we got weed and them beans
 cant wait to be that rich either lol. pizza man still only getting 20. but he can hit da weed doe 
 my dad just said weed make ur hair fall out hell say anything
 why every time i need some weed aint no weedmanes around is this really my friday
 if i was doing shit i wouldnt smoke
 when you lil bby cuz tries to sell you weed  wtf 
 lalife rainy day special yea its that type of day... smoke good  eat good  fuk good. i swear 
 bout to have a smoke session
 i hate when people are complete ass holes for no reason. i hope when your weeding the grass something goes wrong and you cut your dick off.
 @jimmyreefercake i blame weed
 imma grown man  you dont smoke tho  
 @dannyparkins @mattspiegel670 when are you 2 having your weed utensal draft glass bong is the projected 1 pick.
 buy weed or get a haircut. shit.
 my marijuana script is 357 wtf i can buy it on the street cheaper
 whatever it was they laced her weed with paralyzed her lungs basically suffocated
 are you in spokane  washington  go visit my guy doug over at @royalscannabis for your marijuana needs .. 
 where the weed man @
 @collins11m @fityshadesofred @mrcrabbypants @werthemedia im all in...... we should also sell weed  too....  
 @fityshadesofred think theyd be pissed if we sell weed outside amp they cant get to it i sure hope so @collins11m @mrcrabbypants
 i fuckin hate blacks but sheesh its lookin dat way man i cant not smoke i been movin around like a crack head
 now were too stupid to find these phantoms studies feminist smokescreen 
 vday used to be all jewelry amp romance. now im like if u really love me all gifts should come in the form of liquor  weed  amp sexual favors.
 bet i got some weed.
 i was about to smoke outside  yea right...bow face to the crib everybody
 wen ya uber lets u smoke the roach real quick gtgtgt
 @basso488 smokey yunick not being in the nascar hall of fame is a crime against racing smokeyyunickinthehall
 @gerson49 blevins needs to return. edgin and smoker are
 same. also had a weed stash in the back loved that shit 
 i need a loyal weedman who will sell me the good nugs out the pack.
 the weed industry is launching a powerful new campaign promoting safe cannabis use please check it out 
 ion smoke tho... 
 i need more friends who smokee
 @anacfmonteiro @ginapustor sexy intimate pic. whew i need a smoke now
 my mom could tell i was bummed out and asked me do you want some money for weed hahaha i love her
 feelin pretty down so im going to smoke and paint about it
 invites to smoke sessions aint making me no money  so no need to offer.
 its raining so were having a smoke session in my car.  cannabislife lovemyjob rememberhighschool 
 i just need weed
 deff making that trip asap. needs to smoke the finest of colorado weeds  
 @econfive man @foxnation not blowin smoke here but the foxy lady should check you out ... make a whole lotta sense better than juan w
 need weed
 hungry and need to smoke ...
 i need to smoke already.
 really just need some weed
 they really held a private smoke session in a suite cause i was gonna be in town.....my push into the cannabis community is real ma nigga
 i really need weed heeeelllllppppppp
 need weed plug
 @dankcreative @leafly i must not smoke anything because of copd so cbd tinctures is for people like me
 i could use a good ol smoke sesh rn
 treat your sweetie to a cannabis infused massage for valentines day visitdenver mobilemassage 
 u dont smoke tho 
 i think im the only teen in all of arizona that doesnt vape or smoke 
 all i smoke is killer ya bitch look like thriller 
 fyi there are many people who actually smoke marijuana for medical reasons  not just to get high
 tell me this idiot is not a higher learning professor my grad school profs wouldve smoked my thesis for her level 
 tashi or rachel need to come over and smoke with me. get with the shits.
 imma start calling weed photosynthesized sloth fur
 need for weed
 i need w2s from my weed man 
 still on the same shit i was when i lived in south florida. smoke exotic trees. drink organic juices. condo living.
 tell that nigga use a grinder for that weed uh huh
 @prucenter cigarette smoke lingering in ladies room by sec. 116 again. this is a frequent occurrence.
 all i need in life is the gym  weed  and alcohol
 if im smokin weed and eating ramen in a shitty apartment for the rest of my life.. and my car. shiiiiiit @ sav man 
 i need to smoke
 @snytz @presidentquacky @gop @potus  get over what espionage  being a traitor . theres real smoke bitch. a lot 
 need a boo who gunna give me a bouquet of weed on valentines day
 mannn im coming out of retirement i need to fucking smoke im stressedd.
 pocahontas making another mindless rant on twitter she needs to smoke the peace pipe dont you think 
 pussy money weed
 im aggravated  i need to smoke.
 i dont need no vitamin c i smoke broccoli.
 lmao fuck no...imma stick to regular  loud  weed 
 i need some weed
 i need to smoke just waiting on a fucking blunt
 yooooo big kickback in room 310 of p40 free weed  liquor  and pussy. make sure you come cause pussy will be popped all night myaum myasu
 @mistermet could use another lefty  hope smoker puts it together this year
 need to smoke
 i really just need weed in my life
 i could really go for a smoke right now.
 amp i smoke a lot of  need a pit stop
 she only smokes camel lights 
 i can smoke a bowl and make a bow
 you dont smoke tho
 i really need to smoke after i get off 
 all you need is weed
 ahaha this is @ohheylaura w the weed guy hehe 
 i wish i coulda smoked a blunt with pablo escobar
 my dad legit just asked me to smoke him out
 i need to smoke about 10 blunts
 wtf is the weed  
 breaking the cannabis that federal studies have to use has the lowest thc amp cbd  making the results on effectivene 
 @khanoisseur @rich893 heres whats trump doesnt want us to know about  hes throwing up smokescreens everywhere to distract from russia
 lmao @campaign put the weed in his ass
 @goinhard69 you need some weed
 @victoriadiprada why do i feel that republicans in congress are the real terrorists and all else a smokescreen.
 rising like the smoke  you linger on me
 need to text the weed man and tell his ass thank you personally because wtf
 super bummed about mason from the @beardedbullys getting hurt. heal fast. i hear if you rub some moonshine amp weed on it that it helps.
 fr tho i dont even smoke and i need a blunt
 i need to smoke a cigar tomorrow
 lack of weed intake means no sleep. tonight shall be a awesome night.
 you on that mid tho lol and who you get your weed from 
 blame it on the reefer consumption.
 blame it on the reefer consumption.
 im tryna smoke tho
 i need a smoke real bad
 in need of some weed. 
 i need a dispensary plug in la... i need some weed and edibles asap. someone link me with the right people.
 @joehester3243 sell weed
 @tomilahren then his weed retort is not resinating he still not just an asshole
 @senatorsessions will your medical cannabis policy be guided by science or disproven statements @sentedcruz respectpatientaccess
 @marketwatch @realdonaldtrump finally  something i could get behind. meaningless  smoke and mirrors  but something to agree with at least.
 my head is pounding. maybe ill smoke sumn
 @sabinedurden @nancypelosi you smoke pot right  you really cant be this stupid in real life
 @wendys mcdonalds has weed promo codes...what do you have 
 the travel ban is beyond bad and we wont let that one slide.. but it may just be a smokescreen we need to stay w 
 colorado report says adolescent marijuana use has not changed since legalization  via @reason
 lil wayne pussy money weed 
 money. weed. gold. diamonds. visionboard lifecoach meditate blackcybersecurity rockstar manifest destiny 
 @w2ralph i got papers we shall smoke
 i need some smoke
  people passing faster then i past the weed  bigsean halfway off the balcony
 im stuck of them weed brownies wtf
 i use to smoke out tre5s now i smoke out the mfn zip 
 mama eye been twitin weed n now it time to lock tha fro
 sell weed to a mlb baseball and his wife while theyre dining with your corporate boss. waystoquitajob ahem @lorddougcaputo
 sell weed to a mlb player and his wife while theyre dining with your corporate boss. waystoquitajob ahem @lorddougcaputo
 @badquakerben   tbh  i look at the postelection drama  the altrightkek drama  and the milo shit  it looks like one big smokescreen.
 i need someone to smoke with
 i need me a weed man in houston
 i need me a weed man in houston
 free smoke is available
 if i was in chicago i wouldnt have to look for weed that shit on every block
 i need a weedeater soon. 
 @billyeichner were is the proof asshole go smoke a bong and shut the hell up
 @kylegriffin1 @redistrict its overif you dont want to deal with real worldgo smoke a bowl amp play with your navel lint somewhere
 need to smoke but im too sick
 really wanted to smoke before work. 
 i shouldnt have smoke last night..i cant wake 2nd bake now
 these brothers need to give out landing instructions with this weed . i cant see the ground no more  i gotta be high.
 @kiiyaah fr tho i be thinking ima feel better after i smoke but i actually be going crazy 
 @continuumr6 im convinced that all 5 of the guys injected marijuanas straight into their dicks 
 i need all this weed to keep me breathing  ironic cuz this shit make me cough...
 a patient called in and asked if we sell weed at our pharmacy..... no.... i referred him to weed maps 
 @kaywilk15 i love how you ignored bodily fluids of mexican cannabis manufacturers
 @ibsharkbait who came up with this ridiculous slogan a sleep deprived  marijuana fogged  california ignorant liberal
 if u smoke out of a little piece u need to exit out of my life
 @bravesowner i think my point goes right along with yours. whoever wrote the article obviously didnt smoke the right weed before hand.
 cbd oil helps with the fight against cancer. marijuana should have been legalized years ago.
 need to smoke
 i need to smoke and eat but i cant mentally make myself right now
 if shaq really wanted smoke he wouldve squared up right there he not about it. charles used to be wit the shits 
 @emoleeg why do u need a hanger to smoke omg what
 whoa... i need to cut back on the weed  i woke up thinking donald trump was president  talk about a nightmare
 lexi cant hide weed young
 pussy money weed
 i need a another smoke session
 @zathras3 10....ginsberg  whose nomination blew up over marijuana use in his past.  bork himself was the other fatal handicap.
 sneak diss  get smoked. my niggas reccless they pull up w poles. dont get offended  eye pull up on heaux 
 if we are going to ban anybody  ban all smokers priorities worldcancerday @jason
 pussy money weed 
 if you smoke marb lights and your under the age of 45 ur suspect
 im tryna smoke  get my pussy ate amp hit the gym.
 @scboston19 @gdecon @mikedennismwc mikey you may need a smoke after this read 
 get off it djt  your ban is all smoke and mirrors.  we need to follow your money 
 so to my weed man 
 maybe i just need to smoke a lot of weed right now
 but marijuana still isnt legalized and i still cant sell alcohol to my customers before 1230pm on sundays wtf 
 i dont need code they need weed.
 @davidromeiphd @nytimes smoke screens......thats all they are.  people need find out what hes really up to
 pussy money weed all a nigga need
 the ducks court  the shirt @billwalton is wearing is my gentel reminder i need to do my cannabis investment research  azvsor
 the ducks court  the shirt @billwalton is wearing is my gentle reminder i need to do my cannabis investment research  azvsor
 i need to smoke..
 i really didnt need to buy more weed but the pineapple paradise was tooooo good.
 god i love my grandma  all she does is talk shit and smoke weed 60yearsstrong
 i love the smell of weed and homeless people  no where else but kroger on lombardy 
 the body needs food. weed too  weed is nice @ bred in dorchester  ma 
 wish my girls lived in co with me  have yet to find a dope ass bestie that is real af and smokes helllllla trees  just down for whatever
 i need to smoke .
 cleveland niggas aint no bithces we prefer the cigarillo smoke @chip216
 i really need some weed
 i need a smoke break 
 i need someone to smoke with
 my dad be concerned about why i dont eat all day  cuz i need to smoke first
 if i could have smoke coming out of my ears right now you bet i would
 i need to smoke 
 smoking weed at work amp stealing out the vending machine  
 i need marijuana and love
 ive been saying this all along the delay for confirming @senatorsessions is a smokescreen for fear of pizzagate  
 ive been saying this all along the delay for confirming @senatorsessions is a smokescreen for fear of pizzagate  
 i homestly just need fucking weed
 all of a sudden everyone wants to slang cannabis
 need to smoke. just cause
 need 2 smoke so i can eat
 its obvious that i need marijuana because i dont benefit from others who smoke marijuana medically the way im supposed to
 need to smoke
 kinda relaxing when you smoke with your dad
 o flounders  where is thy tifo o ecs  where is thy smoke rctid
 i need to get a smoker
 armed and dangerous  aint too many that can bang with us  straight up weed no angel dust
 a smoke session 
 @cnnpolitics all i can say is wow we are in trouble with the trump machine.its spitting oil and smoke everywhere.shut it down
 vrs..found dead  from a hater with a bounty on my head  death by lead  no steel poison  not bbd through shit i eat  drink n smoke  straight
 i really wonna audi amp a range rove im really going places that you cant go im really bout to grow weed you aint sold
 my mom condemned herself to cancer and pain because she believed the propaganda about weed.  this is some of my truth.  weed marijuana
 i need some smoke.
 by making weed legal  we can reduce the incidence of diabetes  cancer  heart disease  copd ... etc.  pharma doesnt like that at all.  weed
 am i a perfect person  hell no.  i am literally the worst case scenario for weed use.
 i need to smoke 
 seriously tho. make weed illegal again trump. fuck with me.  
 everyone cant need weed if i need marijuana
 i smoke too much   i need to chill 
 the only way to contribute to those who smoke marijuana is by writing on twitter
 fog  cons my glasses i cannot fucking see  pros cant see smoke coming out the car
 i be gettting irrated so quick when i dont smoke lol i need help 
 i need to smoke
 cat weed so good. they really need to legalize catnip for humans next. 
 they legalize weed in dallas imma be a grower
 need a smoke break
 who need weed
 been an hour and you not on shit  oh you silent now b . i thought you want smoke . 
 i need a drink or some weed right now 
 i need to smoke more
 tell me why sometimes i go to the store and get hecka snacks @ night and im just like im not even high just hecka chubbs.i dont smoke tho
 nobody tryna cypher or sell me weed like wtf
 i need to smoke .
 just had to share a piece of the shit i normally try to smoke through.
 it makes me mad uncomfortable when i see people i went to hs with post about weed on facebook
 kroger really doesnt have smoked cheddar right now
 @abc you dont think a federal judge could be bought to you no not possible. west coast wing nut he needs to stay off the weed.
 imagine willingly wearing huf weed socks in 2017. 
 who sells weed
 i want a pipe with some weed n maybe a gift card to chickfila for valentines day 
 if i tried buying weed the could definitely finesse me 
 i need someone to smoke with and hear me out
 i need weed. who got it lol srsly
 i bet yall his momma use to smoke .
 i need to smoke
 need someone to smoke with and talk too rn
 i need to smoke
 st the end of the day all i need is weed. straight up
 i need weed
 when i get to be like in my 70s all imma do is smoke weed. binch imma be alive until 110 watch.
 but this cali weed tho
 the time i really need to wake n bake and i dont have no weed 
 @foxnews could that be more us money going up in smoke  wtf liberals your obama funded this shit.
 yea im up for the day im finna smoke
 over 100 scientific studies agree cannabis annihilates cancer 
 i had to smh i couldnt resist ...... i need to smoke ..
 i need some smoke
 super bowl sunday..i need weed 
 bout to smoke and get my head right 
 i really need someone to smoke with im so tired of doing it alone
 whatever you need  yo  i got it whether its money or some weed or puttin in work  fuck it  then im ridin
 shawty i got what u need  me backwoods and hella weed
 i need to smoke.
 i dont need friends i need weed  liz
 the weed can go. i can smoke some crack if need be. 
 good people dont smoke marijuana jeff sessions  @jennyanina @ sherman oaks  california 
 og smoke was the shit back then lmao
 both of them guys  imma smoke when we get home 
 i need some weed
 pussy money weed
 i need to smoke
 she smoked some shit 
 in need of some alcohol or weed
 who wants to smokee
 people w the same sense of humor as me who like to smoke amp happen to be tall aka my boyfriend 
 all the niggaz who sell weed dont come out until 9pm over here shit skressful
 me why is everything so funny today laughing at this stupid shit oh  right  i ate that weed gummie this morning 
 need ganja in the world 
 you know when u just reach a peak of laziness on a sat and u lyk man i need to quit smoking weed i could be doing anything in the world.
 smoke a little weed but her shit together
 i need to smoke
 i need to smoke before i get mean 
 do earthbound sell weed
 i agree  we need more extreme vetting to weed out known satanists hint check the scalp 
 need me a latina that can roll all my weed up
 who need weed
 those who dont need marijuana hate those who need  deliverately to experience lyrics for when extacy is experienced in unison
 highly recommend hemp massage oil for lube 
 id rather be ya ni gga so we can get drunk amp smok weed all day   you need a thug in ya life these busters aint loving you right . 
 need smoke
 i need to smoke too
 that childish gambino redbone song is super lit. pot smoke all over the place for music like that 
 hey truth if you really want to smoke this shit right here. riseup  sb51
 to much smoke   glasses foggy
 and ive seen homies sell mad blow and just smoke tree or stay sober dont touch the money id sell raw n watch kids be like wow real raw
 i have weed and no friend to share with
 @m0nkeyfist @mikedrucker but the nfl is a shitty organization that punishes weed more than wife beating  so maybe just fuck all of it
 a hobo just asked me if i wanted to buy some weed
 where the fucking weed at
 nah man he tried to smoke a real nigga ion wanna hear that 
 @netherrealm please restore liu kang  kung lao  kitana  jade and smoke to their human form. sincerely  a 22 year fan.
 @noobde please restore liu kang  kung lao  kitana  jade and smoke to their human form. sincerely  a 22 year fan.
 @wbgames please restore liu kang  kung lao  kitana  jade and smoke to their human form. sincerely  a 22 year fan.
 @wbgames please restore liu kang  kung lao  kitana  jade and smoke to their human form. sincerely  a 22 year fan.
 these days youd rather smoke a joint forget the feeling of the extra point
 pussy no money weed 
 maybe tombrady just needs a good smoke and a fresca at halftime. superbowl fox4kc 
 mylocalgovernment is against legalizing marijuana for recreational use pot blockers
 the guy that works at taco bell just asked me if i wanted to buy some weed lol
 the hell you smoke 
 aint a fucking singalong unless you brought the weed along
 tmobile just did a whole commercial about weed.
 i love when @marthastewart makes weed jokes superbowl stonernation
 if tmobile can make weed jokes with martha stewart  anyone can make them.
 im ok with rain but like this weed needs to go
 its not desire  its the smell of smoke right before someone calls the cops... chelsea hodson
 my mom knows me... i was aggravated and she goes  this bitch need to smoke
 my mom just tried to cook but she set the smoke alarm off.. this is why we eat out every night
 i need to smoke a bowl
 i really need to smoke bad right now
 i need to smoke some weedddddddd
 did i just count 6 weed references in the tmobile superbowlcommercials well done tmobile
 are you combining jesus and weed
 that dude smokes more weed than i do
 @tjlheureux weed huh 
  i dont need weed to have blunt thoughtssophie
 all a nigga need is some good weed amp great head 
 me and my weed is all i need 
 hell of a fucking game  i love all you guys so @ogrambone for being a true fan. got you on a drink or smoke out patriots @patriots
 who got the good gas @ appalachian state i need a weed man asap
 i need to smoke like right now
 @litefmgangsta times like this  im real glad he traded in smoking weed for jesus.
 i love her like pussy money weed
 this weed really got this dude fuckin snoring  smh
 all i smoke is killer  your bitch look like thriller
 allison tried feeding weed to my fucking dog
 @aginglen6499 i just realized you sent that in reply to my marijuana post. i thought you just randomly tagged me in the video for no reason
 we need to legalize medical marijuana it would cut down on opioids i have ms crest syndrome and ra when i used it i didnt need any opioids
 use to get judge for weed now everyone coming to me for their daily needs .
 i just had to rethink my life. maybe i do smoke too much. ...... nah 
 i need smokes 
 i be with smoke everydayyyyy  this really annoying is s
 damn wish tha weed man delivered
 its dark  smoke  and they are pressured not to drop 
 and stop telling the internet you sellin weed snitch
 @cinndygg lol maybe u the best among the ladies but ill smoke anyone real quick  call me the tom brady of jenga 
 lol im chillin tho .. all i smoke is killah
 need weed
 if aggyroomie doesnt have weed imma cry
 can it be 12 already so i can smoke this fire ass tree  .
 og by the oz and i still owe the weed man down the st
 i need to work on my cut crease and smokey eye 
 yadira asked me to lower the window cause she didnt want the weed smoke to go in her awww lmao cutie
 everybody seem to have something to say so maybe ima have to start giving out smoke like i use to @chiefkeag
 sell me weed
 i need to smoke
 i been looking rusty as hell in my smoke sessions lately going to sleep nshii
 the weeknd really describes my life perfectly. just substitute the coke with cannabis lol
 grind that shit  stuff that shit  roll that shit  lick that shit  light that shit  smoke that shit... holy shit.
 facebook  google  others launch drive against fake news in france    facebook ampgoogle are fake news  smokescreen
 literally should have smoked a blunt because now im up as hell does that make sense up as hell lmao
 surprisednot   soros is simply a weed that needs to be pulled.  destructive and completely out of control  
 this guy rae smoked my clips 
 if you are planning a pollinator friendly garden in maine  you may need some weeds... 
 @realdonaldtrump cbd is now sold at walmart. 28 states have passed medicinal cannabis laws  need the federal gov to speak  fed emp need cbd
 one mans weeds are another mans herbal remedy elizabeth alford 
 one mans weeds are another mans herbal remedy lizzya 
 this nigga dari woke up and said  mayne i need to smoke a deuuuuceee 
 i guess i love her like pussy  money  weed
 @royaldaze was nailed on. seldom used with us and never looked like he was trying that hard. hope you guys push the weed into the playoffs.
 my psychology teacher just told us to smoke that real shit not that fake shit. 
 coffee and a smoke session headed to a porch near you... well not yall but me lmao 
 @warrenleighttv he is not a succulent though. more like a crooked weed emerging through a crack in the pavement.
 i need to smoke before i break down
 i need to smoke 
 where the weed at like shit
 .@jonerpenbach says people who say medical marijuana is path to recreational are making an excuse thats cold  calculated  stupid.
 time for break wtf man i need a smoke its. ice out side shit i need a 
 this really need to say ok  but weed first  
 drinking til i throw up  smoke until im stuck.
 does this man i can get prescribed drugs maybe a medical marijuana license 
 need a smoke sesh asap 
 most important this data does not include marijuana arrest. dangerous drug offenders are not being arrested due to 
 need some weed
 thought about quittin weed then was like naaaa  i dont have sex enough. ill get violent 
 rob the plug if he tax smoke the weed then relax.
 i need a mobile weed guy
 who wants to smoke a blunt for a fuckin hour anyway i call bullshit on this product 
 @cnn @martysaurusrex good go smoke crack with obamas
 if your gunna smoke weed  then smoke it. the whole world does not need to know.
 @kimmie99 @chrisfi71680756 @cnn right back at u for not seeing thru the smoke
 @kennywallace smokes house
 from protesters to marijuana to teachers  and my take on the superbowlcommercials  all on your minute headlines fr 
 really need someone i can smoke with up here 
 or you could iono smoke that shit  
 @civilizedlife  proposition 64  which legalized the recreational use of cannabis  took in 14.2 million  while opponents raised 1.6 mill.
 @brittstagram the weed socks over the jeans......
 need weedthis week
 thriller of the month smokescreen by @khaledtalib  fastpace international suspense unique plot  plenty of twists 
 ok but hes still fine this bitch is wearing weed socks 
 sell me a deal on the weed 
 im growing marijuana money trees
 i use to smoke swishaaas
 shout out to my so called friends who use me for my money and smoke all my weed i hope yall have a nice life cause i aint in it no mo
 i need to smoke
 i need sumn  dis weed aint cuttin it
 so jimz calling out @therealgoodz now... goodz smoke that nigga real fast.
 i need a smoker 
 white weedmen dont use scales cause they just hook everybody up
 do u smoke smoke what nvm yea you smoke
 i need to smoke. i really hate being sober.
 who needs weed
 fuck galaxy smokeshop
 walks in the crib in slow mo 5min later... momdukesr u high staresdirectlyintohereyes yea...i dont even smoke like nomore...
 syllabus weed doesnt exist as a science major
 you need to smoke weed everyday  well i have too because i deal with idiots everyday from religious political and science. atheism atheist
 @risingravage i dont smoke tho
 i wish i still smoked weed. i need it.
 need to smoke
 i dont need weed for that..... 
 i need to smoke
 @davejsports hemp up the defense
 deathbyoreo...thats so fucking embarrassing .. tf the homies gonna think... all this smoke out here and he got bodied by a fucking oreo
 need some smokes like now
 wish i had a roommate that liked to smoked as much as me we got along   she cute  she damn near my right hand but ...  tuhhh
 bron smoked it
 donald needs to smoke a wood and hop off twitter for a min
 i need somewhere to smoke at 
 maybe my day would be better if i had some weed
 so just coffee and weed huh
 @basicbitch dude said weed causes cancer. he cant be taken seriously
 yall be dependent as shit on weed lol sounding like certified cluckers
 @stevestfler @tedmalm9 when your teammate says hes entry and hides in the smoke
 i just want to sell and smoke pot  man.
 i need a smoke break after all this
 im wearing a pink pussy hat and going to a weed store. i am seattle.  friend visiting from north dakota seattle progressive legal
 i just need to smoke.
 i need to smoke 
 need weed 
 i dont think anyone who smuggles weed across an international border can be considered casual. 
 its completely okay to post a snapchat of you doing something other than smoking weed
 so i have calculated my marijuana expenses in a month. id save about 500 monthly if i quit. convinced
 i just need some ganja and to hit the gym 
 @andrewcte tries to set us down while getting his weed chocolate fails whatever fuck you guys my role model everyone 
 smoke a little weed but the shit together
 @austinthegwilt weed vape two edgy 4 me
 didnt think ill be this tight before bed... i need some fucking weed
 @slootskie hurry up and get to pbg lol i need a new smoke buddy
 ive thought about being sweet to you so youd let me smoke some of your weed  
 blah blah blah im sad we lost carlton bragg smokes weed and i have a stick up my butt 
 jeff sessions believes good people dont smoke marijuana  and is adamantly opposed to legalization. he will cost taxpayers billions.
 im your sister when you need  some good weed  to set you free
 hey libs president trump has been as busy as a one armed paper hanger with the crabs. can you keep up with him sit back and take a smoke.
 @ayoitsjohnny 6 he thought i was scared i was like bet i aint no bitch hand me that shit bruh dis how you smoke a cigarette
 i really need a smoke break
 holy smokes what the hell has trump gotten us into 
 i love her like...pussy money weed
 i really need weed and melatonin rn
 pussy money weed 
 maybe i should smoke and try and sleep
 @potus i bet you couldnt make money on industrial hemp  lord dampnut. let alone fix our economy with it.
 can i get free weed with this disorder cuz i sure as hell hate this shit 
 yall just share the weed
 smoke a little weed but her shit together
 @kevinkoncilja @emgrover @runnersworld who would hes though hemp milk could be so nutritional  need to check that out
 @morningjoe falling for trumps smokescreen obama picked those countries. if u believe ban temporary i have some nice swampland to sell.
 @fedeferrari10 @editilla @southernbellsu they have fans. their owner sells them. need a good weed whacker
 @djrockstar703 @forbes i predicted a while ago that cannabis cultivation in urban areas makes no sense  wise in long term.
 idaho would lock me up for some weed tho i bet 
 this shit right off capital . i used to smoke behind there after work  
 whos your weed man and how do you smoke. so. good 
 i need to smoke today 
 tryna smoke good with a baddie but where she at tho
 new data marijuana use up among wa 8th10th graders since legalization. teens more susceptible to negative effects. 
 i need to smoke a blunt
 @a1lilaaron  lmaoooooo look at shit on the tongue smoker on who dat ain me 
 if trump legalize weed imma be a republican 
 you need to smoke weed to do this   
 dont blame the weed 
 @tinytosha lmao smfh  we still needa smoke some shit
 all we do is smoke. u trippen chus i aint  da fuck.
 @marcorubio see  you dont have to smoke herb to vote yes its much less mentally debilitating than alcohol amp no violent agressive behavior
 gallup poll 60 of all americans support marijuana use  the highest number in 47 years  29 of 30 scientists say pot is not dangerous...
 90 of their sample contained dangerous mold. 1 reason we should fund more cannabis research.  
 @stoneyohniee do tight shit today.. pretend like i bought you weed lol
 tax incentives dont work. lifeline is not broken. typical republican smoke and mirrors. 
 shit bout to get real smokey.
 i just need one consistent weed man in my area... just one
 fuck the police tho  we smoke it like its legalll 
 @kicc @loyalboybrown iguess   they looking thru my car rn for weed
 my weed seedless  my trees leaveless
 @echousa my husbands pas225 weed eater was recently stolen from our garage. do you have any coupons or rebates to help him buy a new 1thx
 finesse the smoke man out of six zips
 i need to fucking smoke after school
 i ran naked with a glass of milk because i love marijuana. 
 i need more weed smoking girlfriends 
 now  normally when a player smokes weed once   theres always this good riddance attitude amongst fans and media
 i need a smoke break
 aye fr tho if you smoke a lot and trying get smoked out on a ounce of kush tomorrow hmu
 @nursemaryjink hemp still loves us even those who had turned their backs on her. cannabiswellness hempbetterplanet
 @danprimack i suspect this is the real reason for legalization of weed
 yea i had a drink  yea i smoked
 if i had saved all the money ive spent on weed  oil and pieces i would be rich
 @datboidrey its actually big in new york and florida. its either called k2  spice or flakka synthetic weed. everyone does t
 2..... 0.5 in each if you tryna conserve weed lol 
 @dmaca1961  i tried reasoning with @potus44   but he decided to no action on marijuana.
 i wanted her  but she doesnt like the life that iead  doesnt like sand stuck on her feet  or sitting around smoking weed
 i need a smoke sesh
 @mikeisaac i mean i guess its not really but sort of better than smoking weed dipped in embalming fluid
 in humboldt you can get weed and wax delivered to you...
 need to smoke so bad
 we b getting good when we have our smoke sessions..
 i dont want anyone to hmu if its smoke related  hah .. fr tho
 i need to smoke 
 i really need to smoke
 im skipping class right now bc i need to find weed. just keeping my priorities straight.
 friendly reminder that no one cares if you smoke marijuana so theres no need to post it on snapchat
 i wish i got a tax return on the money i spent on food and weedid get back bank
 we smoke a tree down till its just a tree stump
 okay i need to smoke cause that lil drink aint do shit
 in need of some weed
 @silveriaalison @impeachdtrump @sensanders. youve smoked too much weed or eaten way too much tree bark. your thinking is totally skewed.
 @refugeejesus @democrat4trump @anncoulter @teamtrump there are many good muslims however  radicals need to be weeded out
 @refugeejesus @democrat4trump @anncoulter @teamtrump unfortunately we need extreme vetting to weed out radicals who plan to infiltrate.
 i be making myself accomplish shit before i smoke
 @samuelwbell @rispeaker @nickmattiellori i call bs u work with no one who doesnt blow smoke at u telling u how smart u are . i tried.
 lol u rather sell weed or be out here doing hoes make up 
 we having a smoke session tomorrow this should be great 
 need a weed plug in san antonio hmu
 @dkatzorke1 last year medical marijuana was legalized but recreational use is still illegal in ohio i believe
 @aubsceneone @sableautumn u could see a fried birthday cake with hot sauce as the icing and autumn gonna love it. crazy she dont smoke frfr
 i need to smoke lmao
 towards unsupervised weed scouting for agricultural robotics  from our friends down under. we need more farm drones 
 who need some weed 
 naw iont need no smoke i got my own weed 
 these weedmen gotta do better
 really smoket  hopefully my asthma doesnt act up
 need to smoke one more blunt then call it a day 
 damn im pretty sure i can smell smoke over here cause that was a hell of a burn sdlive
 i blame the altitude   i blame pepsi   i blame legalized marijuana gohabsgo
 done with weed frfr.
 @englishrussia1 @camojoe5682 everyone smokes over there.
 need to smoke
 homeless mans sign legit said need money 4 food  weed and bitches. donate 5 or more
 she can still use smoke signals  right 
 yo i smoke and still need someone to help me perfect rolling  i aint afraid to say it tf
 im convinced that was theos weed. he had to be smoking to think he was getting to the league  thechallengeinvasion
 i just need to smoke
 @potus @seanspicer   want the left to love  you more legalize marijuana  like jeff session said tax the hell out of it pay for medicaid
 already so excited for hemp fest in august.
 tried to smoke a blunt backwards a couple times 
 pussy money weed thats all a nigga need 
 jeffsessions is backward on marijuana. he once advocated for the death penalty for marijuana dealers. beg your sen 
 i need sum good weed amp head to get my mind right
 i got plans yall just sell weed to sell it i feel like this my job
 that time i tried to snort all the weed  bongappetit cannabiscrystals keef thcdistillate 
 so damn tired. my feet hurt  i need a foot massage lol. about to have a lil smoke n a beer to relax 
 really wish i had some smoke right now 
 @cnnbrk why dont we legalize marijuana on the federal level and provide funding for healthcare use the tax money on healthcare
 i need my car . i need to get out right now . i need to smoke.
 all you smoke is that boof
 @ap  princess pocahontas  use smoke signals 
 today some random business owner liked me so much he offered me a job on the spot and some kid tried to sell me weed. its been a good day.
 i need friends who smoke as much as me 
 i need to smoke...... lol
 smoke a little weed  but my shit together 
 @salmarella only reason i hold my ymca job is for all the weed and food it buys me lmao
 lil wayne  pussy money weed
 @fasholygrindin i wouldnt smoke that shit
 i really need to smoke   but i been doing so good 
 damn  they can smoke in bars in philly  im a smell like shit when i head back to bk
 i need some weed
 sb927 new excise tax and sales tax  cannabis 
 percocets adderall ecstasy pussy money weed
 i need to smoke
 nvm im on that pussy shit ... let me go smoke
 i need to smoke
 i smoke by myself it be so relaxing 
 lets smokee
 i could use a good smoke right about now ... i got go holla at my east indian nigga
 shoutout to everyone who thinks i sell weed
 i really need to smoke
 @dkatzorke1 ive never smoked pot in my life lol typical trump supporter classic bully blab all you want. not offending me at all. haha
 pot for pets a florida man says cannabis oil saved his dog from seizures 
 the weed im smoking is so strong tho
 bruh i hate when the smoke detector needs new batteries  that is the most annoying noise in the world dude
 need weed
 i hated weed ... till i tried it lol
 how niggas sell weed in 2017  
 karla and i keep finding tiny pieces of weed stuck onto our notebooks ahah
 need to smoke some trees
 i just need to smoke again mary my only love 
 fucking missouri needs to get with the program and legalize marijuana so when i come here i can go and buy edibles instead of beer
 gym session and then smoke session right after 
 2nd day sober feelin like i need to smoke a zip  this shit ez thoe 
 @karinatorres7 when you had weed on you lmao
 @katyperry listen for the vast difference when i get to the wall on the right so smoke and drink first then sage 
 seriously need to smoke this blunt. my head is all over the place.
 @danbidondi your tax dollars went up in smoke on that disaster. youre giving schilling a pass because he faked bloody sock.
 its 2017 its weird if you dont smoke tree
 i need to smoke so i can sleep 
 i need weed or to be dead. either will do
 lol im drunk niggas pissin me off like hell where the weed @
 i need to smoke
 @theslyest i smoke too much need something stronger lol
 @calli1026 cant sleep  bored i should prob smoke some purp lol  shaka
  agggyyy lol you need some weed dawg go smoke 
 texans head to capitol for marijuana law reform 
 rule 19 needs to go away. time to clear the smoke and mirrors letliztalk rule19nomore
 like worm told smokey its the principal
 @adelebuck @lucyparker maybe he smoked a lot of weed.
 @worstlightskin @bur80 @ontopsquadgamin @cnn u smoke good shit dont u
 is it possession of marijuana or joint custody
 and the weed fram i should have legitimately   i helped build the webster dictionary and co writing moves and books  
 im only smokin weed cuz im stressin heavy
 republicans have convinced you there is something wrong with our education system. its a lie. smoke screen gas lighting resist
 dont you think its ironic that d.c. legalized marijuana for medicinal an recreational use an the only ppl that live there are politicians
 nowww i need weed
 @xoemilaaay lmfaooo deadass we need to smoke whatever theyre on
 all i need is good weed and someone loyal 
 ok now seriously... we need to talk about my breakfast... quinoa amp hemp seed porridge made with 
 idc if it sounds corny but im making a separate acct and going for it. i could shit on half these weedstagram famous guys
 .@cnn cnn  holy smokes james baker is normalizing don the con man  oh  right. so did @johnkingcnn
 @matchinka i use weed
 i want a bouquet of weed for valentines day
 smoking weed in new jeans  good day
 i need to smoke 
 i need to buy weed today
 ourgovernment needs to smoke some weed  calm the fuck down 
 when i use to smoke i use to love listening to new music when i was high. now i listen to new music when im doing my make up lol
 i tried racing a car up the valley  looked over and it was my professor. he waved and then smoked me
 lol wait i need to smoke 
 @espn smoke weed after a gam yall @staplescenter
 @reviewjournal the people voted and passed recreational marijuana. time to stand down and get out of the way. 
 @leerich1970 nope. but social marijuana use has never really been done before  at least in the u.s.  so i think theyre just being cautious.
 so much smoke need oxygen fuckin up momma pots and pans @yfnlucci
 @realdonaldtrump legalization of marijuana cbd and thc for both medical and recreational use among many others its 
 my boyfriend needs to wake up or im deadass taking his weed to school with me lol
 on the topic of weed in american government feel free to share your opinion. i dont give a shit. im not a cop ....ok dr. french
 friendly reminder w the upcoming sessions ag confirmation that medical marijuana won nearly 2 million more votes than trump did in florida
 so many controversial issues about his past  jeff sessions our new attorney general  is opposed to marijuana  he ma 
 i smoke like an armenian lady whos seen some shit.
 ok you lost me. we arent in this mess because smokers werent paying higher taxes. focus on the credits and cuts 
 can i smoke 14 blunts for valentines day
 i need to smoke to get out of this mood
 send your sweetheart a marijuana bouquet this valentines day | 
 i think i need them pills and i need to smoke
 i need to smoke  i feel myself getting frustrated over nothing 
 i need jordan laura and melissa  a taco 12 pack  a pound of weed  and childish gambino softly playing in the background
 lmao fr man you need this weed i been blowing down here they grams so beautiful im coming back with some for you a 
 this dude needs to smoke a bowl with his alternativefacts. ps jake  at least idiot stoners are so defensive amp h 
 this dude needs to smoke a bowl w his alternativefacts. ps jake  at least idiot stoners arent so defensive amp 
 i use to talk to a nigga that ditched his final exams to hang out with his friends and smoke ... not cute 
 when guys i have a crush on dont smoke weed ltltltltltlt
 stuck in phoenix who got weed
 i need to smoke .
 listening to the weeknd while i smoke makes me happy
 some of yall need to keep your marijuana use private.
 now constant attacks on warren start. build a mountain of smoke and bullshit  then convince the gullible there must 
 i love gettin tree tree smoke kush get head by keke
 need weed
 trump offers to smoke peace pipe with pocahontas
 fav collab 1. sour soul ghostface killah amp badbadnotgood 2. prhyme royce da 59 amp dj premier 3. dont smoke rock smoke dza amp pete rock
 hes missing weed tho lol 
 i need some weed
 when i get done rolling up and beginning to smoke i promise im finns jam tf out this rich 
 @daviddmanley in favor of sunday alcohol sales. opposed to recreational marijuana.
 i emailed my notes to a classmate. after he read my email  he later asked me if i was aware that my last name meant marijuana. lol typical.
 stupid lil bih you got weed on your lip
 i need something to eat before i smoke
 sessions dont want you to smoke trees  who you think appointed the oldies  easy ds  corruption  in the g.o.p... 
 i love when ppl that used to be completely against smoking bud are the ones hitting me up to smoke now
 lmao hell nahhhh i got some undo tryna make me sell him some weed
 i need to smoke.
 @cnnbrk rumor.. @potus coinsidering decriminalizing marijuana  and have it used over prescriptive depressants .. not chemically basedamp
 yea i got marijuana  yea i smoke it when i wanna  if you aint here me pussy yea i smoke it when i wanna
 smoke a little weed but her shit together
 i need to smoke smh my day been trash as fuck
 need to smoke...bad
 meatheads smoked vegetarian baked beans. made to perfection with just the right spices. we also 
 @cnn  another reason im against legal marijuana
 why da weed man dont deliver im in need 
 hundreds of texans try to convince lawmakers to recalibrate marijuana laws 
 @amandaaapaige i wouldnt say i like what they produce.... my spouses does tho bet you think if i like ganja im a hypocrite too
 yea i had a dream. yea i smoke..
 first arriving crew reports smoke coming from woodburning smoke pipe  so no problem there. lfr rigs headed back in service. lnk
 sessions  51 yes  47 no    room is filling up. dont see the head dress yet. will pocahontas vote with smoke signal
 i need to smoke 
 i need to like... breath i need some weed
 this is not good for our cannabis industry.... cannabis sessions marijuana  
 if jeff sessions comes for my cannabis  i will greet him with my second ammendment right  and then a stiff left for good measure.
 levis used to make their jeans out of marijuana plants funfactswithjill
 im being an asshole cus i didnt smoke... no im being an asshole because im hungry and thirsty
 since when do you need weed to save a kid with autisms life  wtf 
 @ltgiv physically holy smokes literally
 toledo hemp center tv commercial @wendys parody wherestherelief hemphopgrannies @woodyharrelsonn @droz  hemp 
 whos trynna smoke some trees rn
 i need to get a medical marijuana card a fucking sap
 its not just that sessions is a racist he is. its that he said good people dont smoke marijuana. the reductive moralism is repugnant.
 its not just that jeff sessions is a racist. its that he said good people dont smoke marijuana. the reductive moralism is repugnant.
 donald trump is a ball lost in the weeds  out of control and out of touch and way out of his league
 its smoke n mirrors.  whats he suppose to say.  hes bullshit.  period. 
 calistoga command reporting burnt food in the kitchen. engine 2 committed for smoke removal. all other units available. chicofd
 man no lie i need to fucking smoke omg.
 i need to smoke 
 recreational marijuana i love colorado 
 like fr man i wanna smoke so bad right now but my only plug is a 50 minute walk away and i really aint trying to take that stroll
 granted maybe i need to think about my actions if  at times im too wild for a group who have smoked dust before  but im from philly
 the100 weed tho y 
 anybody down for a smoke session 
 everybody quick buy up all the temporarily legal weed sessions got confirmed
 i used to sell the reefer now i just sell adidas
 every dude pays for pussy in some way rather it be dates  weed  kisses ...
 my favorite things include money  weed  pussy  and wings
 @realdonaldtrump @potus now justice dept can start weeding out the ocrapo bunch jeff session as head can do it  drain the swamp
 i need weed how annoying my family is
 hundreds of texans try to convince lawmakers to recalibrate marijuana laws 
 one of the guys that works at the weed store by me has a capsule corp hoodie
 @marykatefox10 everybody needs to chill about the pipeline and smoke a peace pipe together  then talk about how mu 
 as much weed i use to smoke back in the day i never thought about cooking with it i couldve the best of both worlds bongappetit
 republicans are all of . smoke this. 
 bourbon means i need to hang out in the back alley and smoke real quick. 
 i need marijuana..
 legalize that shit.. freeweed  legalize marijuana and tax that shit whaalaa freetuition    i wanna be a lawyer but  i cant afford it
 as much weed i use to smoke back in the day i never thought about cooking with it i couldve had the best of both worlds bongappetit
 im not sure what ag jeff sessions hates more  marijuana or black people.
 love jeff sessions. i just wish he was lenient with weed. hey. dont give me shit.
 @tomarquardt also. this was more along the lines of i shouldnt have to watch those because i dont smoke lmfao
 wanted to smoke with this bitch  but im mad .. so fuck it
 i need one good smoke lmao
 @sarahbcallig lol wel they sell marijuana pipes
 @howiecarrshow bows amp arrows wouldnt u say  she had to much smoke in her tee pee.
 this makes the guy stopping for repeated smoke breaks seem not that bad... 
 blame it on the weed blame it on the booze
 need marijuana
 i need a truly important question answered with sessions being ag  do we still get legal weed in cali @barackobama told the doj to stand..
 i dont smoke anymore  im eating way more and way healthier i also cut the soda. all things i wouldnt have thought about if i stayed in la
 i need to smoke so i can calm the fuck down
 my other mom sells weed @maxiryman
 @ivezelly  quit playin i only smoke gas i bet u smokin it in a dutch too huh
 hell nah you got the wrong smoke lmao   im always tired tho so im chill   and yous right we dont talk a lot lol 
 i need some weed 
 bet not ask me too smoke no hookah lol
 i need to smoke 
 i know its time to smoke when i start getting really aggravated
 i dont need a diamond  i like wearing his smoke rings 
 im gonna go like smoke cigarettes or something. i wish i could use the tv or the ps4 but idktf how 
 have you tried smoke signals 
 @amarisjessica i just need to smoke
 i need to smoke now
 pussy money weed
 i need to smoke a blunt right about now
 this girl so funny lmao as smokey would say... you gotta be a stupid motha fucka 
 ugh finally. the last time i tried to sell fake weed i got jumped. 
 @sammysosaotf i could use a smoke right now smh
 santos doesnt smoke but he did and he tried being nice and giving me weed but he gave me some og bunk  i give him an a for effort tho 
 between school  work  doing homework  eating right and going to the gym.... i still manage to find time to smoke a blunt ayyyyy lmao
 between school  work  doing homework  eating right and going to the gym.... i still manage to find time to smoke a blunt ayyyyy lmao
 i need me a shorty like felicity smokes. type of shorty that knows shes smarter than me and is willing to educate me on the unknowns
 lmfao oh yea huh. smoke me out now  
 bang bang. bout to smoke a blunt and . smokes got me gonee 
 @benmaller any way we can ban bullshit talk in ny its to the point i would rather listen to weed man hippie o god did i just say that
 i only got like 2 jays left and i really need to smoke so if my pack man dont pull up inna morning like he say imma be mad af 
 i need some smoke 
 @ntrexit @rawstory dive bombing with dark smoke trailing
 if you think its wierd to not have a facebook then thank you for weeding yourself out my friens realm
 i need me some weed to smoke   so i can think to myself and sale and i have no money 
 boy wtf is this tf put the weed down fr fr you dont deserve it 
 no valentine for me more money for weed  
 a gar with no weed who up rite na oh yea almost for got
 all i need is that smoke 
 i smoke real og gas from cali yall can keep that other shit that way
 i need to smoke 
 @commishonline since we dont pick until 19 we need to screen blazing saddles at draft party to weed out the easily offended
 random ass guy hits me up on facebook asking me to get him weed. like who the fuck are you amp no get your own  the fuck
 in need of some bomb weed
 bitches who smoke loosies pussy dry 
 dude people are so fucking stupid. who the hell goes to school and smokes a blunt in the bathroom
 @prettyboyfredo get money smoke purp im a laker yuh
 i need to smoke  
   @senwarren stick that in your peace pipe and smoke it pocohontas giggling
 @alivelshi the dnc knows the gorsuch comments are nothing but a smoke screen. jeff sessions is nothing but bullshit. he is a racist
 jeff sessions is now the attorney general. hide your weed. hes coming for it  washington. sessions
 i need to smoke
 send help the guy next to me in philosophy smoked way too much pot this morning and tried to cover it up with cheap cologne i cant breathe
 stealing weed is pathetic bruh
 chocolate  sex and marijuana can help prevent migraines....
 hell yeah  them shits smoke good 
 real friends give each other free weed when in need
 everybody look at him as a smoked out thug   but i look at him as my thug 
 you could put 1000 on something. all that weed you buy over the weeksmonths could be a car 
 imma buy a pound of kush so i can smoke that shit 
 i love weed it makes my busted ass feel less like a busted ass
 who needs weed 
 blunts full of smoke  clips in the ashtray
 a girl like you pretty  blonde  smokes pot. you have to have been with at least 8 guys.  yes that makes a lot of sense.
 @krhosack thx for passing along. i will read the dept of healths report in detail. some unique challenges for the cannabis workplace.
 wrote about whats at stake in the fight over who will distribute cannabis in california for @thekindland 
 here is a small sample of what we talked about concerning marijuana in the laws that affect us 
 medacin you need to listen to the good stuff dacin but weed doesnt talk
 when u cant smoke in a rental van 
 a professor just asked me if i wanted something to relieve stress i thought she was talking about weed and she pulled out an essential oil
 it may be shake but its some good fuckin weed tho
 i need some marijuana.
 it aint a fucking sing along  unless you bring the weed along
 i thought @speakerryan wanted to help the poor. oh  its all smoke and mirrors. republicans 
 all i smoke is killer your bitch look like thriller
 ab350 new marijuana edibles appealing to children. 
 i need a new weed man
 im on a diet. i need weed that doesnt make me hungry haha
 i need a man who just likes to smoke and chill i stg.
 chillums  all new designs available at bird road smokeshop today  glass glasspipe 420pipe newglass 
 need to smoke
 @jessicarburkett actually i think marijuana is what healed that blind guys glaucoma and jesus plagiarized
 sell me weed
 need someone who smoke as much as me fr fr
 i need a weed man in mt vernon
 is president bannon smarter than we think is travel ban  ivanka  etc all a smokescreen for more diabolical stuff we need to watch resist
 busted in kingwood with marijuana wax 
 @bridgestant smoke weed and build forts
 busted in kingwood with marijuana wax 
 sesh and smoke a blunt on valentines with me
 leave that boof weed at the crib
 fuck all this i need sum weed in my system
 i asked a homeless man digging through a dumping about to days ago if he wanted to smoke w me.......he declined lol
 pussy money weed
 i need to smoke 
 oh fuck i need to smoke some herb daawg
 i asked a homeless man digging through the dumpster about two days ago if he wanted to smoke with me.....he declined lol
 erykah and outkast....... and im using the other 15 to smoke with while listening to that bih 
 i miss weed but ik i dont need it lol
 @lawrencedoes odonnell have any solution to all his negative proposals revaluations and hateful comments or does he just keep blowing smoke
 should smoke a bowl  pipe  chillum  bong  one hitter or blunt nah imma smoke out the tabacco pipe from jamaica i got
 republican congressman introduces legislation that would take marijuana out of the hands of the federal government  
 @circleofbooks in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @politicsnewz in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 thinking ab having another kickback or maybe a smoke out 
 some1 come smoke me down real quick
 in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  hemp mendocino
 @marcscottemery in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @weedfeed in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @hightimesmag in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @marijuanapolicy @danarohrabacher in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery 
 i need to get smoked asap
 @doughravme @wakingtimes in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery  
 this is why we get along so well. two bummy assholes just smoking weed 
 they hating but they still smoke my shit lmao
 an open letter to jeff sessions from a doctor concerned about marijuana  via @huffpostpol
 ive never regretted spending money on weed  that shit got me through so much bullshit
 i need more people to text my shit catching tumble weeds 
 @boblew49 @cbsnews @48hours trump needs to like obama did and really smoke you
 jeff sessions once said no good person smokes marijuana in case u forgot
 lol y would u smoke this much id be stuck af 
 i need to smoke
 @choochieuchis i dont wanna cut out my weed tho 
 @slyazafox cars and smoke way different my man lol
 im going to need a lot of fucking weed to be okay with this
 i need to start rolling spliffs now that i i dont smoke blacks
 wyh we making weedstruments 
 foh with that shit dude weed is good for you weed is good for 
 i need some weed
 need to smoke like now
 need to smoke ...
 i dont smoke ciggerettes tho
 need to smoke a blunt
 shit wish my man talked about me like he talks about weed
 @webmd and the lungs feel a hell of a lot better. been off cigs for 3 yrs and use ecig ever since. couldnt pay me to smoke again.
 need to smoke
 you dont smoke tho 
 1917 bring us your tired  gour lonely....  2017 you can be butthurt and violent because you got shorted at the weed guys house. .
 @harlydogg @usashero6 @netflix @jackpmoore lol dude lost his shit for no reason. if dudes in cali my company can get him cannabis...
 need weed
 lil shawty down to smoke
 still the same guy i use to be  ending the day with a nice long smoke session..
 need a smoke break
 in need of a smoke sesh  
 real shit if someone brings me a rello ill smoke u up
 @fabiantheboxer its actually to washington bro lol but weed legal there tho 
 but im a bum cause i smoke weed right  lmfaoooooo
 @osuoilseeds talking about crop rotation to help manage weeds in wheat. adding a crop rotation  you inherently ge 
 @jackschaefer27 maybe he smoked pot
 @emshroooms a pipe or a bong. they get me higher with less weed
 bottle has a flammable label  i wonder how flammable  could i smoke and drink this
 @ashleyylporter weeds is really good
 nice smoke plume from what looks like a prescribed burn at fort jackson today @chrisjacksonsc @nwscolumbia 
 i smoke wayyyy to much weed. im not complaining tho
 i smoke and i talk shit to these bitch nigga
 gimmie somone who loves weed just as much as ido
 i need to smoke frfr
 what an awkward press conference. @realdonaldtrump man you need to smoke a joint dude.... relaxresist
 got a craving for pussy and weed
 dudes sign read need money 4 weed keepingitreal
 jesus smells worse than weed
 shoot me 10 and ill do your tax return in like 30 minutes or smoke me out 
 i need to smoke like asap
 i came for a smoke session 
 snitches get smoked. end of discussion.
 @boajae yeah u right   im finna start doing that then give 2.5  3.5 get smoked up asap
 i need to smoke 
 iso cannabis friendly valentine who wants to do some rampd   @foriapleasure 
 my uber driver just asked me where he could buy weed 
 id smoke royce in a battle tho
 recreational marijuana is legal here
 trumps red meat for social conservatives is to attackrollback marijuana legalization in all forms.  i said this months ago  said again.
 science weed
 i need to smoke some fucken blunts now
 all that you want is all that i need   eyes are like the smoke you.. linger in me
 all that you want is all that i need   eyes are like the smoke you.. linger on me
 baby just buy the trees cause you cant smoke for free 
 someone deliver a quad straight to my doorstep and also chinese food but mostly weed
 heck yes we needed and still need rain but noooo to storms  high winds thank you my weeds in my zero scape up to 
 @davesilberman @beckimpact really  you think the homegrowers are gonna remit income taxes for pot grown amp smoked by them tax evasion
 need weed n lean asap
 first i found my mom wearing the weed socks and now she got the thug life socks smh  
 @jrepodcast this guy is scarry jeff sessions on marijuana and civil asset forfeiture 
 can i smoke weed if i have sinus infection lol
 i need to smoke
 i need to smoke a blunt
 we stuck together like oowaps .. we smoke to fetty sing zoowap  traphouse 3 guwop  
 still listening to music that i use to smoke to all good stuff
 stupid fucking kids smoking weed on the @cta red line and stealing the maps.
 i need to smoke 
 so valentines day is a special day just wake up and smoke up you dont need no mans
 yeaaaaa its time you smoke again  get your appetite back real quick 
 i need to smoke but my weed at the house
 i cut down my weed wit that lol livepd
 im officially done smoking weed  and threw all my shit out. there is no need for that anymore.
 you ever burp after a session and smoke still coming up 
 canadas obama  141 cannabis dispensaries have been raided under justin trudeau 
 i need to fuckin smoke.
 japan pm abe all smoke and mirrors at presser today.  whadhesaypresumptuousrude to keep calling potus donald. was lunch more productive
 tart peach  lacto  slight salinity. maybe a hint of smoke and funk... departure of consciousness 
 @peoplesoracle the ball will really start rolling after sessions goes flyer legal weed. rich white are going to be pissed.
 actually ur mcm is prob on his way to being something in life and doesnt smoke weed at all
 i need some weed
 pussy money weed codiene 
 should marijuana be legalized for recreational use if you say no  explain why
 im slumped in skyes car and she wakes me up and says  im getting pulled over    i put the weed in my pussy so fast 
 ugh i smoke cloves and go to backyard shows sorry mom i just need some money for my expensive hip urban apartment 
 i dont smoke or do drugs  finished nursing school a semester early  beat teen pregnant... but god forbid my fan remotes battery dies
 i dont smoke or do drugs  finished nursing school a semester early  beat teen pregnancy... but god forbid my fan remotes battery dies
 @gurby1 it is not a muslim ban. it is vetting people from countries who sponsor islamic terrorism to weed out those with ties to terror.
 @thebullybobhaas @caramalan it was all smoke and dark booze. think i gained its powers afterwards
 how much is 16 oz a pound  im not talking about weed  @turtleketcham
 im over today... need a smoke and a drank
 just saw something on facebook that said its good to smoke pot while you are pregnant facebook shld be abolished... prayers to that fetus
 i dont need to go out to the clubs and shit to have fun  as long as i got my hennessy and weed 247  im good 
 clearly  i need to smoke weed because my thoughts sober are in every fucking direction 
 these dudes really expected me to smoke them out wtf
 bet i got some weed
 universal weed legalization. duh. 
 i need to smoke but i cant so fuck my life right
 @kswisher call me i need some smoke
 i tried to start a smoke circle w the dead wasps on jills window ledge wtf
 my fucking head hurts... need some beers nd weed 
 .@renaecartierm but it least it actually  you know  decriminalizes medical marijuana. which is more than the dolts behind m5 accomplished.
 i need a smoke or  or both
 i need one of them lil smoke session with ida to where we both high and dumb 
 i really need a smoke . 
 @abbypalazzo i dont think it was the weed but maybe the lsd
 every scene makes more sense if you assume that oz smoked a bowl immediately before entering. thegreatbuffyrewatch btvs
 i need some weed
 shit that weed is good
 also look at the way jason smokes that cigar rich daddy
 just made weed brownies lol i only licked the spoon and i feel a buzz. why did i use a half oz
 need somebody to smoke with i face too much gas 
 some guy on okcupid wanted to buy me an uber to go smoke weed with him in oakland 
 me obviously frustrated someone hey is everything okay me yeah i just need a smoke 
 rickys so blown i need to smoke more ahaha
 i need to hide weed so at desperate times i can search and become happy
 @nicoledelong yea so mad  i loved you sending me pics of you smoking weed and drinking all the time.
 i really wanted to smoke tho
 @twozday this shit really smells sooooo good like orange sherbet with a hint of weed 
 pussy money weed 
 lil wayne x pussy money weed
 only at a paisa bar are your offered weed and coke so freely. no wonder trump wants to build a wall.
 passing pussy for sessions  i smoke too much.
 put the bong down...but better weed  cause this level paranoia is dangerous 
 so i had to both  be higher  smoke cigs  survive  freeze my ass off  get laid off due to low economy  oil price manipulation  green push
 shit imma be a weed model 
 well clearly you dont need to smoke if you on a date lol 
 @fragilewreck i to believe they are not all the same i also believe we need this temporary ban to weed the bad ones out
 @feistyprincess4 @realtor0nursern @chriscuomo @cnn idiots both smoked too much of the wacky weed
 to sick to go out and start the truck on wed. so im charging the battery today. midas  you can keep your smoke and those internationals.
 ash man i just realized im outta weed wtf
 lol remember how i was nauseous but like ya didnt wanna look for the lighter but wanted to smoke a bowl amp i looke 
 people be like i was so high that i tried getting in my house with my car key..... niggga wtf that wasnt the weed you jusy fucking stupid
 my head hurts and i need weed 
 me ...but its my last nug..  inner me quit trippin man and smoke that shit 
 @brookingsinst @johnjhudak sessions is as much of a hardline marijuana opponent as one can find in the u.s. good by recreational weed
 where to buy smoked olive oil in okc
 i need 2 smoke b4 i die
 selling weed is a excellent networking platform tho lol
 heard you smoke blunts  you down with paper planes or nah
 smoke your own weed because you need it not because other people who need marijuana.
 mama told me  not to smoke purp
 okay which dallas follower do i need to pull up on with the weed
 i need to smoke 
 people will no longer hate those who dont need marijuana because of those who do need marijuana once science becomes the new religion.
 since imma bum imma smoke this blunt rn 
 i need weed. like now. i need 3 blunts and some squares.
 anyone in chicago that sales weed or something i need sum yall gurl needs a blunt
 pass me the green  i need some weed with my hennessey 
 this is why i believe we should legalize recreational marijuana and use the tax revenue to pay teachers a living wa 
 smoking reefer hittin jesus  
 time out yall my dad just asked me for weed  
 @whitehouse trump created the myth of the american hell scape. no hes creating the myth hell do anything about it. smoke amp mirrors.
 this weed fest is unorganized as hell stoners
 i keep seeing wyd after smokin this posts amp everytime im like wth me amp @theplumber could smoke that nbd  yall need to step your game up
 like a backwood  ill smoke shawty 
 i just paid 60 to get my oil change what the fuck. im so used to paying in weed this is bullshit
 i need to get to the smokes man
 in the next bar i scammed my way a free joint by giving him literal scraps of weed and making him feel stupid pussy power
 if anyone needs weed lmk.  10  a gram   25 a 8th.
 straight off weed  no angel dust. label us notorious
 shit its nice as hell maybe ill go smoke a blunt by the river
 back when hip hop was about good weed and pussy.
 im on break and i need to smokeeeeee
 tj real as hell for calling me to come smoke. 
 gon buy myself chocolate covered strawberries n masturbate n smoke on valentines day
 not to be a dick but like i hate when ppl hit me up for sacks hella stupid like can i buy some weed but like not right now maybe next week
 she smoked that shit for an hour wtf i need some of this 
 in need of a new weed man badly
 roll that shit. light that shit. smoke that shit.
 hb1186 new excise tax and sales tax  cannabis 
 sometimes i think am i stealing from her but nah nah im just sampling  my roommate alev on eating my other roomies weed butter
 i need someone to smoke with 
 can buy rellos and weed tho but. and pay me back 
 i need to smoke
 omg my dad just asked me if i had weed and when i said no he asked if i needed any 
 i need an 8th of weed like right now
 trumps gop is like a weed in the garden we need to kill it before it destroys what actually nourishes us 
 @berezellie amp i need to know is smoking weed more crunchy or granola
 holy drunk smokes. @ burlington international airport  btv 
 i need to smoke when i get off bc wtf.
 @valleyninja fuck yea it does. hurts to drink  and smoke 
 i need to smoke
 i need a gahhhdamn smoke
 alexx needs to come home so i can smoke and see 50 shades darker 
 bet you cant out smoke me 
 next shit imma post with me and my mom is us smoking weed together lol
 need to smoke
 at least romanuk cut back on the smokes gohabsgo
 how u bout to flex some weed and not have money for a rello 
 all of my friends parents know we smoke weed  but there was a time we teally had to hide that shit 
 making cannabis oil with rick simpson 
 repost from @thebfclub   the new culture  wake and bake breakfast club.  a cannabis friendly 
 nah but frfr all them mfs on facebook buying and selling weed bout to be shitty
 truly convinced im the only person in the world that doesnt smoke weed
 someone let me use they shit for a smoke out tonight
 i need a blunt me  someone who doesnt smoke.
 imma still smoke while i rest my head on his lap doe
 i just need to smoke 
 sell me weed
 look man i didnt plan on doing this i didnt come here for any smoke im supposed to be in westchester right now s 
 heard at target sondad you havent smoked a cig all day but why dadyou know i got cancer dumbass lol but i wish the dad a quick recovery
 smoke a little weed but her shit together.
 i shit you not my dad will randomly give me bags of weed when i need it the most he just gave me 2 different weeds each like an eighth 
 need a new weed delivery service on the upper east side  fuck g.o.d
 i need marijuanas
 making new friends... california socal singingduets whambamkellygraham @ smoke tree ranch 
 finna buy this rello and smoke this gas 
 everybody sell weed ughhhhh ... i guess thats the only hustle now 
 i just need an abundance of money amp weed .. my happy place lol 
 @jpdaley175 maybe they had the good weed 
 need to smoke away the tears
 westbrook cant talk shit if he getting smoked
 the man next door said that he tried weed cause im always smoking and now he addicted
 i really just need a chick i can smoke with and talk to here.
 @senrobportman @sensherrodbrown @repmarciafudge i can sell the presidency  and access 2 world leaders  legal right  selling weed aint
 i need to smoke 
 i need to smoke
 i cant trust someone who does xans but doesnt smoke weed. fuckin weirdos.
 cash us outside smoke how bow dah 
 i need to smoke so bad right now. my patience is wearing out
 where tf is the plugs in charlotte like yall fucking suck and i need to smoke
 i need weed
 omg where are the fucking weed man at is yall part time wtf dude 
 end the ban on marijuana in sports  via @huffpostsports
 grinders are great because you use a lot less weed amp because they collect kief which if collected enough can be used to make you even higher
 and a good pipe will not only use a significantly less amount of weed but also have yo ass lifted pass the clouds
 i need to smoke
 i need to smoke right now
 fuck bitches man  imma just smoke amp make money from now on dont need no more distractions from these lames
 still smoke that weed man its fuck the police..
 @amrezyyy get yourself a vape pen amp put the weed oil in it. i take that shit everywhere wme lol
 imma need some weed
 i need whatever bill walton smokes before every game he calls.
 some guy just came into subway and asked where he can buy weed. i know where you can buy sandwhiches not pot dude
 @prodigalfailson @tibiusreynolds if so imma be mad this is the same chick i always buy weed from
 hello twitter i need weed really badly to stop me from crying nonstop please dm more plugs this is an emergency
 im gnnq finish this weed allllll of it fuk pipes
 use google earth  switch to moon  use guided tour apollo settings in layers  smoke some weed  enjoy
 @loudpvck needs to come smoke this joint with me in the pit 
 i need some weed
 fucking up the rotation  you would get kilt with some else  smokey
 dont smoke but im trying to lay on some titties and we can share a smoothie or something.  
 imma smoke this kush until i pass out 
 i wish i had some weed tho 
 i dont smoke at all tho  
 your kiss is like the smoke sweet at first  dangerous each time i keep going back your both addictive and dangerous 
 @roxannesucks whaaat hmu if you ever need weeds or oil 
 i bet my medicine is great medicalmarijuana just these flares wont let up i went from heroine to marijuana  
 emely sells weed now and showed us the packaging for the weed she made and tell me why it look like they available 
 i need so much weed rn
 @basedgodtwon you dont smoke tho 
 i need weed
 need some smoke 
 when ur stuck in the smoke bud zone ltltltlt
 a smoke soak suck sleep situation is all i really need  who down tho
 imma just smoke and watch anime
 reminder if we decriminalized marijuana in all 50 states then we could spend less on prisons.
 man  people sure do love weed  huh
 maddy needs to wake tf up  i dont want to smoke this blunt by myself
 just smoked a whole vape and im really friggin out. im about to call the freakin cops.
 tried to smoke so i could go to sleep amp it just woke me up more wtf help
 i need weed wtf
 i need to smoke another blunt
 need my weed man to start accepting paypal for payment
 they could legalize recreational use of weed right now and open mad dispensaries ima still cop from my plug
 i need weed
 @artpunkbeardguy @scottpresler i cant wait until sessions locks up every last one of you dirty pot smokers.
 @kingslayer25 whoever told you that dumb ass shit need to let me know where they get they weed from lol cus its got them saying blasphemy
 hes right  good weed is what they need. what they smokin out west koolaid laced 
 need some weed 
 @kirstenewatson travelling..1st plane turns around back to ottawa due to smoke detector going off.  2nd plane cant get 1 engine to start.
 @michellekenneth cant smoke on planes anymore 
 i need help weeding at my farm so dragging my man along w the offer of listening to @harikondabolu s comedy album again. bribery thxhari
 omg my sister is talking about how she may need weed for her pains...and she was always the one to talk shit about it. who needs my help now
 posted up on the corner  movin that marijuana 
 aye we need weed  who got it
 imma have to make my way over to san francisco to smoke some weed. that shit looks retarded.
 you call it possession of marijuana   i call it joint custody
 @wwunt @jonstradamus check out my jesus blowing smoke ring meme there on fb in the comments i will add you.  micheal davino
 @therealsha23   nahh..having a smoke and laughing at idiots on twitter..figured youd be back.
 i asked my mom if she wanted a dab she said no stupid   marijuana is already strong for me lmao 
 yall tripping off not having a valentine shit long as i got my weed amp some chocolate im straight 
 midtweet about how excited i am to see rob and smoke and fuck all day and he tries to cancel. i convinced him to come over. stillgotit
 .@citizensfedup this socalledpresidential advisor is spewing smokemirrorswe arent falling for it.this dickhead 
 @bernieshomie how many weeks before jeff sessions comes for your weed
 i need to smoke 
 everyone needs a 3 am  smoke a cig and talk with me or tj at least once in their life
 @javiiii6 @pachecoo10 @bbyveee pick me up and lets smokee a blunt
 i need smoke 
 love my city longbeach represent onelove fest was all good vibes  good weed  and amazing 
 i need someone who smokes amp rolls as good as me
 im really addicted to pussy money weed
 how to make cannabis lube for valentines day lol  via @@hightimes
 its the principal smokey 
 i need to fuckin smoke.
 theyre like 8 talking about you dont smoke tho fix it jesus  
 stevie locks himself in my room n smokes 2 packs of cigarettes elck jesus
 maybe this weed will reduce my pain.
 da hell is this always gotta do some extra shit why tf you can just smoke it 
 of course no one needs weed whenever im trying to sell it. amp whenever im sick and not on deck everyone needs im so bugged 
 yea im damn near high af. dont smoke wax 
 i need you to smoke 2 joints for the pain immediately
 im so bored wo weed hahahah 
 my bf kissed me and said i youre high as fuck arent you and said he could taste the weed on me and i told him not to make fun of me
 i need to smoke. im really really irritated.
 smoking weed helps your migraines sorry thats illegal. have you tried sitting in a dark  quiet room all day
 withdraws from weed are real
 i need to smoke and get back to this paper but im literally shaking mad
 need weed and food asap
 what you need some bomb head a bag of weed 
 im listening to damage ft. rich the kid amp yung bans by smokepurpp on spinrilla.
 you are not a plug if you only sell weed.
 @janeosaka oil cannabis oil
 white ppl smoke camel crushers 
 really  really  really hungover right now  i need to smoke
 geezus  i need a girlfriend for days like today  someone to just relax with maybe smoke some crack with just a shawty to vibe with
 just found a weed crumble stuck to my glasses  ama
 man when you smoke then see this shit it makes you sad as hell.... poor lion man 
 i need some weed 
 wow i hate my life right now i need somebody who will hide my weed in her titties and smile when i call her pretty .
 do you use smoke curtains in your fire operations flowpath control. 
 yes if she wanted you smoked youd be... 
 @jedipitebre be used 4 sick smokers amp ads to stop kids from smoking. money payed was to be 4 20 yrs. states did not use money as intended
 who sells weed  in reedley 
 @lukeoneil47 maybe you will if you give up the smokes.  i jest
 i love how my aunt n uncle come to my room to ask if i still smoke lol...so they could give me tree  theyreal
 @dinaamariee ion even smoke no more but imma stay on my scholar shit tho
 i need to buy weed and nobody will fucking answer me.
 all i smoke is killer your bitch look like thriller 
 if im not getting smoked out n kissed on on tuesday then valentines day is cancelled forever
 i need more weed
 @emstrongg @us when we tried to make weed cookies  
 @theamandabatty @spacekatgal its a receptacle for storing marijuana 
 or maybe i should have @dellthedude make me a bouquet of smoked chicken legs 
 hope springs      like a blessed weed   share it with others     who are in need                    
 i need smoke
 @puregolddddddd pressed as shit to smoke lol
 i need to smoke
 need a smoke for that one lol
 my cousin told me to never talk to her again cause i wouldnt bring her weed all the way to fuckin oak park 
 i need to smoke.
 that smoke be having me stuck sometimes 
 the weed be keeping a nigga sane . 
 oyes i love her like pussy  money  weed
 i dont smoke but sometimes i need a long drag
 my brothers literally sneak in my room amp eat everything i buy  imma give they ass a weed brownie  bet they wont eat shit else of mine.
 this weed tho grammys
 i need to smoke 
 i fucking love weed man.
 i seriously need to smoke 
 he broke rule 12 of hotboxing  thou shall not bring any products that isnt thy marijuana. 
 im so happy that jeff sessions was confirmed. he doesnt like weed though. my mom is 88 lbs. i told her that weed may help her appetite.
 im starting to suspect all the misspellings and typos today are a smokescreen for pedants like me. what are we missing  hidden behind
 light a flame  burn the end  that smokes going to send me spinningggg catch a buzz fall in love
 today a straight mormon guy hit me up on tinder to ask if he could buy weed from me. 2017 has already been wild.
 does the @aflacduck know who stil smokes cigarettes in their cars because those who do are your problem still. giv 
 appearantly you can sell weed on offerup 
 @ashleeeeyq you dont smoke tho
 someone asked me today if i wanted to sell weed to earn some extra money.... nah i think im good bro  
 i need to smoke a blunt .
 in need of some weed  plugs in va wya
 i love this shit hella weed and shit. pussy so tight it make the rubber rip 
 if everyone had a bong  weed all get along
 @flyupnow youd figure that weed sells itself.but its d grower 2give d best care  in return greater yield of dankness
 i need to get paid  i need to buy weed
 i need more weed
 need to smoke 
 fuck i need this weed in me lol
 my philosophy maybe is fold the cream and blow the weed and fold the gs. nowww
 feeling like i need to smoke a sage blunt to get this dark energy out of me
 im just going to smoke all my weed by myself on valentines day 
 so maybe if i smoke enough ...
 i cant sleep so imma hit the weed real quick
 fuck the police tho we smoke it like its legal
 i need some fucking weed 
 wea da smokee
 all this drama meanwhile im over here making my money and smoking my weed w out any worries 
 i am steven biko  with a oz of weed though  in a black regal  high as seagull a lot of people 
 nah. niggaz still smoke squares in the city. youd be surprised  
 in lubbock you have to avoid cows and tumble weeds on the highway. basically texan mario cart.
 hahahaha mhs on lockdown hahahah hide your weed hide your grinders
 i keep smelling weed but its not on me tho 
 wasting hella smoke. she not even inhaling that shit. she sick as hell 
 imma smoke this joint then imma break you off
 i need to smoke
 buy me flowers for valentines day  but the marijuana kind
 someone buy me weed and pizza on valentines day  ill return the favor with the best head humanly possible
 shawty said her pussy smell like morning breath when u smoked the night before ctfuuuu
 @cernovich must be some good shit they smoke in calif.
 i dont need to smoke if i wake up with an attitude like this.
 i need to smoke 
 i need somebody that loves shoe amp and love money  and weed  @ 
 i need a good ass weed man 
 need weed
 merp i need to be home where my weed isssssssss
 armed amp dangerous  aint too many can bang wit us  straight up weed no angel dust  label us notorious  thug ass niggas that love to bust
 i need to smoke 
 im so chill i dont have issues. all i need is weed  wifi and something to eat and im good.
 youcansmell your tax dollars going up in smoke   resist   notmypresident   trumptrain   senatedems 
 if you cant get high without acting or saying stupid ass shit you dont need to smoke
 your mcm still buys weed from hushard
 pussy and weed get me high af
 should i buy my mother weed for valentines day cause she smokes weed
 and possess some intelligence you will have to weed through the bullshit that is interacting with her fan base. they are delusional.
 smoke a little weed but her shit together
 holy smokes. just screened dunkirk footage amp my heart wont stop racing. stunning amp completely nerveracking. wow.
 mariah  bon jovi  mjb  lionel richie  smokey  bruno  beyonc  gladys  toni braxton  dionne  chaka  michael bolton all have endorsed rihanna.
 valentines day. smoke sum. bih
 who can i smoke out for valentines day
 my professor just asked me if i wanted to use weed  smh 
 all i need is somebody to fly with and smoke this tree  down for doing acid
 ban memes ban weed
 free smoke next weeknd.
 im trying to live in canada man. recreational cannabis everywhere. i could pick up hockey
 need a valentine who wants to smoke weed all day tomorrow
 the plug is now on his way back to lo  for all u feinds that need weed
 need a valentine to smoke with all day tomorrow
 need to smoke
 pizza n weed... its really valentines 
 singles only smoke session for valentines  
 less cancer victims 50 yrs ago when u could smoke on a plane amp have a whiskey @ ur work desk aftr fuckn ur secretary 
 getting aj weed and weed accessories for valentines day cause hes picky af but i know he can always use some weed lol
 @trevor2knight @ky1elong nah  same game.  just youd be wearing vans and a hat made out of hemp.
 ian and me just hopped out on dude who was talking shit but of course pussy didnt want no smoke try us please
 i will catch up with all my work tonight... but maybe after some smoke
 niggas who sell weed sweat they botanist
 guys next to me in library people would be way less mad in church if they could smoke
 @foxnews @cnn  need to go through and check all airport employees weed out the garbage
 does no one in green valley sell weed or what
 the young pope makes me need a smoke
 lol i need a friend that will just pull up and smoke with me. frfr like where yall at 
 i need a smoke
 @huffpostpol trump seems to be stuck in the weeds.he needs to weed out the hate
 yea i had a drink yea i smoke @drake
 i need to smoke like now 
 i only did one of my eyelashes tho but fuk it im tryna smoke
 @dmccay77 2. is not on treason but considered a traitor to our government. put that in your pipe and smoke it dumbass
 same bitch that keeps looking at me for wearing weed socks in gemmel is the same bitch who asked me to follow her on insta at a party
 the ladies man is ready for valentines day actually  he could care less.....  @ hempy hollow 
 need more weed
 my best friend just called me and asked if shops sell weed bouquets  i laughed for like 10 mins 
 whatchu got against weed bruuuuuh
 couldnt get a good pic of the smokey look but i tried @certifeyetweet certifeyecomp 
 who tryna smoke tho
 soooo @nickiminaj when we having a smoke session 
 its 2017 i need a marijuana delivery service that also brings me snacks if i want
 after that cut ass nigga give him money to go smoke the pain away  
 @stoolpresidente yo chief  if you need a weed guy i got you. the pizza sucks mostly out here though  a few gems. im from lynn.
 i need to get different weed next time i pick up  this shit makes me horny 247
 i wanted her. but she doesnt like the life that i lead. doesnt like sand stuck on her feet or sitting around smoking weed. innerspeaker
 my valentine will kiss my lips  then ill blow out smoke. maryjane
 i need to smoke 
 malik needs to come smoke me out . i need to get high 
 if only i like weed how i use too 
 @bobsburgersfox who got a valentines weed from lenny destefano
 common sense so blunt  you can smoke it  
 any chance trump and his administration could just lay low for a few days  maybe smoke some pot  get lost in comics  quit making noise
 wtf texas i just wanted to smoke a blunt and go running
 there should be a hotline that new weed smokers can call whenever they smoke 2 much and start freaking themselves out
 these last two tables need to leave tho  im just trying to smoke and take my ass to the gym 
 i support  recreational amp medicinal marijuana to be grown in nj to keep our farmers amp related businesses working in nj
 i just admired my sack of weed like it was my valentine.
 do you smile weed  dont be ashamed  it aint no thang  i use to blow trees  getting lifted .
 do you smoke weed  dont be ashamed  it aint no thang  i use to blow trees  getting lifted .
 in need of weed
 i just need to go on a smoke cruise
 fuck a valentine  i got this weed.
 i hope jordan doesnt use flammable hair products. all that straining to detect is making her pea brain smoke. 
 had a good ol fashion smoke out with like 6 blunts in rotation .. 3 i smoked before that ... yea im almost dead 
 all that you are is all that i need rising like the smoke you linger on me  you got me so high  i can finally breathe.  and im all yours.
 i need to smoke
 if you dont have me on snap add me  beware i post a lot of weed and food amp bullshit so if that annoys you dont @ivyyyy.v
 your mcm calls it a click and stole 20 out of your purse to buy weed.
 need to smoke
 need weed  but i need to go get cash  but i also dont want to go to the atm to get cash 
 man idgaf about valentines day i give a fuck about money and weed thoe 
 so aint nobody up with weed huh 
 @aravosis not too fast  no time to celebrate. we need to keep the pressure on and weed this garden.
 biggest cock blocker of all time is weed
 guess im up now sense that weed had me comatosed. happy valentines day.  give that nigga you been curving some  finally.
 i need a girl that i can smoke  with  chill with  workout with amp play with and be silly with  where she at  tho 
 monday night smoke session live right now on the gotti show 
 maybe scamco is trying to weed out cheap westerners from making everything paid 
 life is fucked up and the government is fuckin us all so just live life and have fun lol smoke some weed and see the world different
 might need to smoke to sleep at this point lol
 need weed 
 imma smoke another and reach back on these zs
 sos need weed someone pls help
 they need to make weed legal
 all this shit smoke n mirrors
 bitch i dont need a valentines i got me some weed
 @aliciberry but also you could have said pot or weed and saved me some brain cells
 maybe u wouldnt treat me like shit everyday if you just smoked a joint once in a while
 i need to weed more people out and im not talking about pearling.
 okay i need someone to talk to while i smoke
 told my sister awhile ago to send me ganja so i could sell that shit here and then i told her how we shady it was when we got pulled over.
 @prisonplanet to the police to weed out those who have violent tendencies and get them the help they obviously need.
 no valentine  nope im lien were my weed at 
 yes good people dont smoke marijuana quoted from our attorney general. he also doesnt support civil rights enforcement by the police.
 i need money to buy weed.
 pussy money weed aint all that i need
 start my valentines of with my baby marijuana  wakeandbake
 your mcm couldnt get you anything for valentines day cause he blew his money on weed...
 he asked them what else they had on hillary. i think this is a smoke screen for a more bigly problem. they have som 
 reminder my fav smokes now ...i need one too  
 i think it way deeper than flynn  bigly smoke screen. 
 i just realized alanis morissette is audra from weeds wait what
 @dcexaminer but that will be just a smokescreen to full you. but privately he will be told that he can build as much settlement as he want.
 if valentines day was a real holiday youd be off school off work smokin weed gettin fucked up it aint no holiday b
 i need weed
 @fatmankey i think the weed man tried to short me  ima pull up with this 40 for that 40
 fuck valentines get me weed
 government needs to be held accountable for my security. stop smoke and mirrors.
 ima need you to smoke while watching these lol 
 my prof. talking about a part looks like somebody tried to smoke out of it  we used to use an apple in my day...or thats what i hear
 im a single independent women who doesnt need a fucking man. all i need is weed  snacks  rihanna  and @jeffreestar liquid lipsticks.
 new valentine thanks for 30 years of sharing love  weed amp wine  valentinesday2017 valentines womensmarch 
 yall need to stfu and smoke some weed
 i need weed in ontario or upland right now
 maine wish it. was alabama suldbecouldbe n soon too come end world debt grow marijuana oh yea thats the government 
 valentines day smoke outs
 we had a straight lil smoke session last night lol
 my weedman is my valentine 
 i only smoke that purp  
 need beats  need weed  shop here @taisinatra
 just passed a homeless man on the 101 he sign said need weed
 @luischiefs we need to smoke some asap and catch up so quick you can knock some sense into my dumb self
 look at that smoke . it is still happening making my way downtown stclairyongefire @ toronto  
 only in the case of republicans. everyone should see this for what it is smoke and mirrors. republicans need to do 
 stuck my face in a monster 6ft weed tree and i think ive been reborn
 lol who needs a valentine when you have weed
 no valentines gift so i just smoke my weed
 today just means ima smoke some woods to the face happy valentines to p
 looking like the smoke is my only valentine 
 if you aint got no valentine lol lets just have a big smoke session 
 a man from brewster was busted by @nysp with more than two pounds of marijuana. who needs that much weed  
 where the weed man @
 all i need is weed  i smoke that back to back. x
 @00exodus oh of course they are a social thing. and bongs get you higher than anything else weed wise
 anyone know a good vegas marijuana dispensary that sells quality cannabis oil high  1to1 ratio cbdthc need i 
 figuring out how many cigarettes need to be smoked in a bar to cause eye irritation lol
 your valentine smokes ecigs lmao
 im fasholy gone grow weed that shit is literally money trees
 i just need to smoke or something. ease my nerves.
 i need to smoke
 enjoy at your smoke sessions 
 i was keeping something about me from you for you to like me more and i realized thats bullshit so fuck you if you dont like that i smoke
 i was keeping something about me from you for you to like me more and i realized thats bullshit so fuck you if you dont like that i smoke
 really tho no one tryna smoke a valentines blunt
 i need to... smoke 
 who coming smoke with me for valentines day 
 i wish i had weed on valentines day
 fuck valentines and smoke some weed 
 @comedydynamics cha cha cha ching papa needs a brand new pair of edible weed
 today valentines day amp im not getting no pussy   head   or weed 
 valentines smoke sesh is what i need
 need to smoke some refer and get over it 
 im starting to think trump needs to weed out and prosecute the moles before moving on with another. 
 its only right that i got showered today in love  flowers  weed and money. happy valentines day. 
 white dudes that sell weed be weird amp scary as fuck lol
 white dudes that sell weed be weird amp scary as fuck lol
 @williampora maybe theyll finally be forced to do something. hopefully  not just more smoke amp mirrors.
 you don smoke tho  
 ask omar about that smoke
 peace  love and cannabis what better way to celebrate valentines day 
 really need weed now
 when its valentines day and ur out of weed 
 when your valentines day cooking  smoke alarms and calls from your security company 
 i do need to smoke tho 
 bet just got my weed money 
 make sure you smoke cause i need you to be hungry 
 i smoke blunts everyday and this is still some dickhead shit to say 
 hope springs     like a blessed weed   share it with others     who are in need                   
 peace  love an weed. what better way to celebrate valentines day  
 so far i got everything i wanted for valentines day  sushi amp weed  just need some alcohol and im good
 now i need some weed .
 my back hurt n i need weed 
 @cnn @msnbc russians claimed they are in touch w trump campaign  who were they in touch wonce traitors weeded out we may find out much more
 he asked me to be his valentine w a rose amp i asked him with two weeds.. mines better happy valentines day bub  
 maybe weed makes you stupid after all. 
 absolutely floored alanis morissette owned 2mill in jewelry. home girl has come a long way from her hemp necklaces 
 my valentine is weed
 i need to smoke. amp want today over with.
 i need to smoke. amp want today over with.
 to share our love and compassion we are offering charlottes web the worlds leading and most trusted hemp extract at lowest prices available
 @loudobbs @potus @jrandolphevans the perpetrators have to weeded out fired and then prosecuted
 my upstairs neighbors are smoking so much weed that im pretty sure its filtering through the walls.happy valentines day to me valentines
 plane forced to make emergency landing at iah after reports of smoke 
 smoking weed for valentines day 
 nice way to celebrate valentines day when you have kids grubhub from fat bobs smokehouse 
 plane forced to make emergency landing at iah after reports of smoke 
 gfs dream valentines gift would be like a pound of weed but hey wheat isnt 10 bucks gfy
 legalization of marijuana ... are you for it or against it and why  its for a class debate and i need reasons for both sides help
 @hippieoflove be an awesome puzzle..........after we smoked it lmao
 who tryna smoke  fuck a valentine
 oomf needs to smoke me out
 everyone needs to realize how bad this stuff is. our world is ending as we know it because of recreational cannabis 
 on an annual basis  1 acre of hemp will produce as much paper as 2 to 4 acres of trees. from 
 seat back smoke weed hide from the police
 random white ppl stop coming up to me amp asking if i havesell drugs have a pipe to use our if i know where the weed at cuz i dont
 these hoes go be stuck in michigan forever fucking with them dead ass swipers  them dead ass weed mans
 and i got weed yo valentinesday2017 
 the loneliest valentines. all i got is my xbox amp my smokes.
 i just need a good smoke out
 how berkeley @ sunshine smoke shop in berkeley  ca  
 california couples are gifting marijuana bouquets for valentines day 
 i need a plug for weed. hit my dm if u got that
 so  the admin. aka the alt right quickly drafts a smoke screen called the muslim ban to throw the stink off of the wh  right
 i need to smoke obviously lol i be mad at the smallest shit my anger so different now still dont give a fuck tho omm whats the tick
 who wants to smoke real quick
 @shimcode @danmunro   smoke a lil peace pipe  its valentines day ....  hcldr
 yall sick asl shorty that shit will not smoke....  will it 
 i jokingly asked my mom if i could smoke weed for period cramps amp she said no. im mad. lol but i wouldnt. i just thought she wouldnt mind
 @joshbolton hydros provincial  marijuana is federal if im not mistaken. either way  hydro is absolutely nuts.
 recreational weed is legal here and i didnt give it a second thought but i still blows my mind that you can get liquor at the grocery store
 fuck valentines day.. im about to smoke a whole bouquet  lol 
 all a real niggga need is some pussy and some weed
 need weed man  
 when tf are my state taxes coming in cuz i need weed and food rn
 its valentines day im trying to smoke
 imma start trappin not no weed tho. thats small money
 pizza  weed  moonrise kingdom. @skelecutie is such a good valentine
 i need a new weed dealer lol
 out smoke me i bet you cant 
 we cannot unite until we weed out corruption and stopanarchyinusa. pray for a better world trumpsterwarriors 
 everybody has fucking smoked amp all i wanted to do was smoke so i wouldnt thinl about this shitty valentines
 i need weed and im staying with my grandparents but its recreational here so fuck what do i do they hate weed
 @csantanaaaa why you being childish  i dont smoke that
 i need weed
 risin like the smoke you linger on me 
 @katreletokyo  bae said  yall cant smoke in the car on the way to tally 
 all you need is a bag of weed  valentines
 does blaze only hire people that look like they smoke weed  @atrinap
 need to smoke before i got to sleep im sick
 i need a twitter smoke sesh.
 bet lets smoke 
 @grilledyakisoba is the weed on the show real tho
 where is the trade with the weed out south i dont see my nigah i use to fuk with on western ..... ineedweed
 i deadass thought shorty had weed on her pizza at first tho lol 
 bitch i need to toke this aint no fcking joke im just trying to smoke some weed cant be snorting no more coke
 deadass just lit a stale amp expired taki on fire and smoked it 
 i need a smoke or something
 once the government get a hold of weed im not smoking that shit its gon start causing cancer quote me on it 
 1 you do get a lil head buzz 2 when u smoke other shit weed  xans  crack ect. cigs take the edge off kinda 3 t 
 midnight needs to hurry up so i can smoke already
 where the weed at tho
 pussy money weed
 they either sell weed or smoke weed
 if i dont have sex right after i smoke  i feel like time goin slow as hell. im feeling like that right now rotfllll
 im lowkey trying to get some weed iont need it tho i just want it
 @hideyoshispinx its a civil right to have cannabis
 hahaha yall really need to think someone you may know is into you. be like meaccept your ugliness and smoke the b 
 good head and good weed still onedeep
 @urbanguerillawa to be fair...  therell still be plenty of weed. just no tax revenue.
 need someone whos up at these hours to talk and smoke with
 i need to smoke lol.
 my valentine is weed
 smoking ganja on the beach is so relaxing
 @realdonaldtrump @msnbc @cnn @foxandfriends i just shake my head when i see them ... they look like fools. ignor them amp weed out the leakers
 i need some weed
 i cant be the only one who smokes along amp eats along with youtubers
 @ohadyy its weird the black ops video is more embarrassing then uploading a pussy money weed song
 well i guess its rize n grind for me.  i woke up at 5 for no reason  at all lol.  no wake n bake for me tho.  i dont smoke.  
 i bet a new muslim ban is signed tody have take ur mind of flynn and russia . smoke and mirrors
 smoke alotta weed but her shit together.
 its so hard not to wake n bake when the smoke right there
 get money   some my weed  enjoy life amp live drama free thatsitthatsall
 make money   smoke my weed   enjoy life  amp live drama free thatsitthatsall
 fuck i need smokessssss
 happy wednesday. maybe your cannabis be rich in terps.
 trump needs moles to weed them out. 
 my old boss just sent me a facebook message and asked if i could get him weed. i didnt respond 
 an illegal bouquet containing 400 worth of marijuana was a hot commodity in california on valentinesday2017. 
 im tryna smoke real quick. a baddie needs to pull up. if youre not intelligent  youre not a baddie...
 i need to smoke
 @kidrock kid rock in the senate hell yes maybe we can get marijuana legal and use the tax for heath care
 whitehouseleaks r a smokescreen. the issue is trumpadministration has no credibility rite now. dangerous americans want a investigation
 nah real shit tho im tryn smoke a blunt n listen to some stevie wonder its pretty as hell today
 just realized i got weed in my shit lol
 @dhsgov whitesupremacistrepublicans working with russianspolitical coup trump mayhem smoke screen  trump impeached russian kkk stooges in
 i cant wait until this guy is finally impeached so that i can start tweeting about weed and sex again. i miss the good ol days.
 gameova band  pussy money weed  nowplaying
 gameova band  pussy money weed  nowplaying 
 im tryna have a smoke session this weekend
 i needa smoke session
 actually did my sociology homework at the smoke session last night 
 this real asf its called red poison  wyd after you smoke this 
 @youralyssaa maybe after i smoke
 this girl at the social security office was trying to sell luis and i weed like girrllll we are in a government building 
 need weed.
 weed. weed. i need weed
 i just burped and all i taste is weed and daily vitamins
 these blacks aint working. i need weed dawg. quitting is so hard.
 trouble with my @hawaiianair plane  emitting smoke at sfo. if i die falling 38 000 feet over the pacific please collect my travel insurance
 @prisonplanet somebody needs to smoke that fat pig michael moore and i dont mean barbecue style either. lol
 it last that loses a man is the smile @ marihuana power on 
 point 1. i dont smoke so  but point 2. yea thats aggy ass hell  
 not the weed tho  
 point 1. i dont smoke so  but point 2. yea thats aggy as hell  
 i proceed to smoke these trees
 shut the federal government down except vital services . weed out the leakers obama loyalists ... we are on a dang 
 i need to smoke
 i never really see @iimichaeldowney but we need to smoke soon andor collaborate on some tunes i feel. awesome dude  love all around
 @justinrangel you dont smoke tho
 republicans wouldnt push so hard for it if it didnt work  voter fraud  is just a smokescreen. just more noise 
 lmfaooo im at the doctor filling out my form and im stuck where it says do you smoke ummmmm yea i smoke weed lmaooo
 @oreosandvagina damn maybe you should smoke some weed bro
 i been training myself to eat before i smoke amp im getting better. still need to smoke later on to eat more tho
 smokin bombass weed  feelin crucial
 for valentines day me and shannon decided to smoke a joint to ourselves  jesus was that a great decision. 
 i need to smoke
 okay  @davidcorndc  but how can we smoke out @potus45s tax returns  where many believe the smoking gun lies...httpst.colyoe2uqker
 @hiko good  bro. dat ninja smoke defuse tho 
 we need weed 
 jeff sessions good people dont smoke marijuana.  we will teach every american to be good  like president trump. 
 mfs be so quick to judge hell  im just tryna hide the fact that i smoke weed lmao
 he boutta fly through a timberland truck and really help niggas out. flying fast enough to restock every smoke shop in a 50mi. radius.
 lock your diff  more smoke  
 drphil he needs to smoke more weed or better weed. maybe it would chill him some.
 im about to linger at rampage and smoke an 8th
 pussy money weed is the smoothest song  that nigga wayne playa fr.
 if its not smoke racing he couldnt of picked a better replacement good luck kyle @kylelarsonracin 
 shoot frfr im tryna get in touch with whoever drove into family dollar weed mans 
 and i need to smoke.
 i need to get off campus before they really start forcing it with weed
 i need more smoker friends all i do is face shit 
 i got the gas and the smoke   i still sell mooooollly on the low
 yesterday i smoked some really good shit
 i smoked some really good shit yesterday
 @nflspinzone @thejetpress if off the weed  hell def make sense bc hes that talented
 excessive use of marijuana 
 rollin marijuana off that shit from california
 maybe @stillinois should legalize recreational cannabis to help with their billion  debt. @cannabisculture 420
 @bethwnotrump there is something about her that makes me want to take a double dose of xanax  prozac  and maybe try some weed.
 anyone need weed hmu
 hell hath no fury like joe rogan when you go on his podcast and make up some bullshit statistics about colorado and marijuana.
 at the end of 3  catholic 20  hempfield 10. just a 2 possession game 
 bro fuck all of these bitches. any bitch that gets this shit doesnt really smoke fucking wannabe wasting tree bitc 
 i need to smoke 
 i need to smoke man 
 rejectedweddingguests  that guy chet who sells weed behind 711
 smoke weed and take shits.
 yea im both... yea i had a drink yea i smoked 
 i be way higher when i smoke my weed in the backwoods
 why did my mom acquire a bunch of coconuts so she could make weed infused coconut oil what is going on
 setting up a smoke shop and like organizing glass  pricing glass  and all this....oh my oh my. i need a dab
 i really wish monty had gotten that weed bc i think all our favs could use some right now. the100
 . @jpetersoninutah asked about legalizing marijuana  says notion of allowing recreational use is the concern for utah lawmakers
 lots of back and forth  for  against  on marijuana legalization at @jpetersoninutah town hall
 @floppyjaloppy @arjunguptabk i think opium is worse than weed. but poppies are how you make codeine morphine and heroin. nerdoverhere
 need some kool john weed
 i need weed 
 honestly jesus just wants you to buy a dang @strymon  smoke some pot lol nah  and play some suspended chords
 @senatortomdavis scac day1 of scac meetings  not impressed with sen hembreen comments regarding cannabis oil and medicine. maybe its me.
 my mom asked me why i smokedrink so much today. i said on some real shit  bc im depressed as fuck monya
 @phenylketo3 @coreysighsoften @egaintn @davidfrum tho if theres more fire than smoke it needs to come out. if rs bury it then ic can leak
 straight up i need a smokefuck buddy.
 im not a smoker tho lol 
 yall mad at this man but you bitches still love the dude that cheats on you every weekend  sells reggie  and smoke 
 need good weed and good sex. preferably both but ill settle for either
 @thelarsongroup love it sessions is hanging out in the weeds right now.. real quiet
 got asked if i wanted to smoke at work tonight by some customer lmao
 i need weed
 i was doing a little better on smoking weed so much but seriously trying to get through the day in trumps america is too hard i need bluntz
 is this a thereesome invite through the use of xanax and marijuana im just shocked he said his girlfriend can be gentle
 @nickszoyka @hockeykiiid22 @marisafranze @deadhag bruh i hav nothing to smoke and i need a high so im stuck wit this shit addictprobz
 i need a smoke break
 @6bird4 @wjdiaz1965 @breitbartnews sessions needs 2 convene grand jury 2 weed these traitors out fbi will investigate comey do your job
 i need weed to sleep
 hell naw he wasting weed 
 i sell weed and smoke it ill sell some other things but id rather date who does not do drugs..
 i need weed... 
 fuck smoke sesh w my co workers was the best  i realized one was gay amp he was so fing emotinal i love it 
 i completely forgot one of my customers bought me weed and a blunt for valentines day 
 you need a smoke break 
 need to buy weed 
 smoke weed  eat the pussy like groceries
 smoke weed  eat the pussy like a snack hoe.
 @benmaller maybe this year you can have asshole of the year as a category so weedman has a legitimate shot at a benny.
 he smokes at least twice a day im convinced 
 @cnn crappy ass weed lol
 you dont smoke tho  
 still up. need some smoke
 valentines day is to florists like 420 is to the marijuana industry. teamnosleep
 i got no smoke fuckin another dudes biddy  but dont be sloppy if my shorty fucked a guy  id blame shorty. but niggas aint build like that
 need to smoke 
 lmao ma nigga i havent smoked since i return from naija but i could indulge for a brother i dey go work....u gam 
 ....oh i that right @ smoke 
 i need someone to smoke with.
 @xogeorgiajones @tribeandcbj fuck i meant to say lets smoke and talk about it... how embarrassing lol 8
 wake and bake like where the weed man
 i need a smoke sesh
 yall crush gotta hide the fact they smoke lmao
 brung my mom breakfast amp her nasty ass sticks  such a good daughter i am even tho i hate that she smokes
 i need some weed....
 @realdonaldtrump no...you use smoke and mirrors.  your corruption and lies will be flushed out.  you will be exposed for the con man you are
 yall can like the shit  but who is really going to let me smoke a blunt while i rub on your ass
 since you guys are participating in this paisa shit none of yall better go buy some weed.
 this kid next to me is really wearing a mickey mouse weed hat and googling yung thug lyricsamp gucci belts..   
 i need weed who got it 
 i need to smoke
 standin on the block and movin squares like playin tetris. new plug on the smoke im sellin dope in houston texas  
 i wonder what this @directv customer service person is really doing while im on hold for 15 mins.. smoke break grabbing a coffee lol 
 i dont sell weed but  i have weed to sell
 wow  the financial impact and sheer numbers of marijuana arrests and prosecution in harris 
 holy shit getting approved for medical cannabis is a cakewalk. lol
 they are really out here serving up hemp on a platter. no way in hell i feel bad about anything i did in my past life
 @sambe448 you dont smoke tho
 i just smoke and speak real shit 
 we stand united on this day notmypresident @ hempstead village court 
 i feel tried i need to smoke
 humboldt county and state regulators still scratching their heads trying to work around marijuana tax complications 
 fuckn gang bang over gangs fangs rang door bell in hell to yell then smoked all real proof
 i need my w2 from the weed man 
 lookit this dumb motherfucker right here. he needs to cut back on the shit weed bc hes crazy paranoid. god damn. 
 @marsvbars legal weed  and hipster bitches need i say more
 if you smoke out of duchessgames you a cancer face ass bitch. do better. but nah fr that shit is unhealthy
 prop64 cannabis taxes key unknowns are 1 size of new legal market amp 2 federal  local amp state actions. 
 @badjjuju i mean it didnt even smell like smoke just dank ass weed probably. i sent them an email back trying to finesse my money back lol
 i need a smoke break
 are they selling drugs for less than a 1 donald trump really  shit my weed man still charging me 10... make those 9 disappear don
 a smokescreen you bet
 @soserenaso lmao... i need donald trump to negotiate my weed for me  drop that price down to 1 lol im still paying 10
 i need more people to smoke with 
 oh harris county is decriminalizing weed if less than 4 oz you can walk free  this law takes effect march 1st.
 if were gonna protest federal criminals and what rights they should have can we at least start with the weedheads doing prison sentences
 pussy amp weed 
 need to smoke
 warrick two men were cited by wcso after they were spotted smoking marijuana in a car. they were using this pipe i 
 in dire need of a back massage. exchange for cannabis
 what they say good vibes only what they mean i smoke weed and im really annoying about it
 dont you just hate when your family be sneak dissin like if you smoked some weed you wouldnt be trippin.
 maybe because hes talking about meth and heroin not weed you fucking libtards 
 who needs weed hmu
 whos trumps plug bc if i can buy weed for the same price as a kit kat i wanna link this man 
 when i used to sell weed i used to finesse them republicans. 50 a gram my nigga
 as a general rule  a pair of concert tix shouldnt cost more than an oz of reefer. ahem  @metallica.
 really need to smoke 
 need to smoke 
 @carmonakami hey  weeds need to be happy too actually lots of weeds are beautiful
 need more weed amp less feelings
 food  money  and weed da only things that keep me happy lately but i need more though 
 need to get me some weed in route
 ima shit on every last wannabe weed man on my block
 this guy approached me tryna slang weed then when i said no he asked for 10 i was like nigga u asking for money but u have a jar of weed
 @jointhemajority @pjbeachey @danarohrabacher i say mandatory marijuana. there would be a lot less assholes in the world
 while you catch them feel  imma smoke this propane
 i smoke loud pack you smoke whisper 
 you can smoke xans wtf 
 a lot of you need  ecstasy  sex some weed or all three.. for real though.. get your head out of your asses.. perspective livelife love
 im at health services nurse do you smoke me stares at her dead silent uhhhh smoke what
 potheads really do make weed complicated as hell for no reason though
 less smoke a blunt n massage each other babbyyyy
 @lordofthestocks yea tsla digs holes  makes roof tiles  builds batteries and is inventor of hyperloop. oops all musk bullshit smokescreen
 im a thug nigga i dont smoke hookah  keenon jackson of the treetop pirus
 i was thinking about recreational weed and how it sucks you have to be 21... and then i remembered i am 21 lol  legalize that shit already
 i bet if weed was legal we wouldnt have all these problems in this country
 i need to smoke
 im just really ready to smoke this weed man 
 i really need to smoke   im so aggravated
 im so over hw  i just need to smoke amp sleep lmao
 my@mom really asked me i had weed on the floor and i really had to say its fuckin dirt
 yooo i need to fucking smoke
 i need more people to smoke with.
 need a smoke break
 pmdrivesids 1k mafs swan song bucswhy kuhl amp hutchisonab contract talk and steeler pr smoke screen  @mcdonalds
 i need a vape or weed like now
 my boss keep askin me where the weed at. boyyy if you dont getcho..
 its super frustrating when the weed man is fucking late
 this that get some weed delivered type of day.
 i need to smoke
 need weed 
 snuck d weed on the plane  i gets how to do it nah.
 my mom said only stoners buy weed to hide the smell of the marijuanas
 need to smoke
 so @scsheriffsassoc says too few people seizing  no need for med. marijuana. we keep ignoring all this heroin  therell be more seizures.
 being head ass is fun  it makes yall mad and weeds out my real friends
 i really need to smoke ... like im going to explode dude
 need some smoke for tomorrow 
 i need some fucking weed
 sell me weed thru paypal 
 my problem is i havent rolled up in so long. every time i felt myself about to spazz ill smoke. now i just spazz lmao like fuck it 
 shawty said my weed too strong lol
 dont know where imma get my weed from tho 
 i wouldnt be comfortable giving that poison not weed to an already poisoned and disadvantaged community
 my brother wanna buy me weed all of a sudden. wtf goin on today  this nigga aint neva bought me shit
 listened to that snippet of free smoke now that shit stuck in my head. drake dont fuck around that man drops bombs
 now that im done with my job i need to fucking smoke
 @funcoolmami weed smokers jesus christ
 after using just a little too much smoke  the kits are revealed 
 i need to smoke 
 @jamienbc6 @nbc6 @browardsheriff our  and nerves going up in smoke for the defense of a narcissistic chump and his moneyed goons.
 @miamiherald our  and nerves going up in smoke for the defense of a narcissistic chump and his moneyed goons.
 @wplglocal10 our  and nerves going up in literal smoke for the defense of a narcissistic chump and his moneyed goons in palm beach.
 my favorite part of arrow is when executive producer speed weed flashes across in lower thirds arrow
 @lucid4trump is he... nah  thats a staged pic with a toy pipe  right  lol i mean it has a backdrop. no way that kid really smokes that. 
 @lucid4trump is he... nah  thats a toy pipe  right  lol i mean it has a backdrop. no way that kid really smokes a real one. or does he 
 my tl need a smoke session together
 i got my own weed succkkaaaa  so i dont need to hit yours
 the people who have problems in the world today have problems because of those who do not due to those who need  marijuana.
 its all a smokescreen. beware of the real damage. 
 the people who have problems in the world today have problems because of those who do not due to those who need  marijuana.
 need someone to smoke and talk with right about now
 its all about standing out. has nothing to do with equal rights. no one with any sense buys the smoke and mirrors 
 drinking a horny devil by @alesmithbrewing @ smoke eaters  
 i need to smoke a bowl
 the amount of weed i buy youd think im a plug
 this week  moon smokes her feelings away and watches michael jackson interviews until she passes out.
 need girlfriends who smoke as much as i do  where my ladies at
 where my weed man at
 if it is sticky bringit forth and i shall smoketh it
 the people who have problems in the world today have problems because of those who do not due to those who need  marijuana.
 dude sells out his own son to keanu and smoked a joint afterwards but then blames willem dafoe on him dying
 jesus. were not even a month into trumps presidency. these next few years are going to require a shit ton of weed.
 sitting next to tables of smokers listening to them talk about life and grimacing at how stupid they sound jesus christ what is happening
 lord just need to smoke this clip and face another one and pass out.
 i need some weed 
 need some smoke
 blame it on the smoke 
 @legendblueshirt nothing you build can beat weedh tho
 i need to smoke.
 @potus anyone bucking your agendas. that are federal employees. terminate all of them and weed out the one all around.
 @braaad82 that makes me wonder like how there are vegetarians and if i could be that but with weed... seriously.  dont i look serious
 tryna smoke a blee
 i need to smoke 
 hey smokey back here takin a shit friday
 the photo from who care about weed is first peace finalist photo on the world  agdam bbc cnn agdamlegalizeweedsendeet
 people love friendship here  they  wanna just legalize weed  here from goverment   agdam bbc cnn agdamlegalizeweedsendeet
 when u need weed but its 1am
 need to smoke
 i need to fucking smoke 
 @meesmadeit the smoke behind the ear is chicago iconic tho
 i need a weed man that has quick pay  lmao
 so whos tryna smoke i need to asap
 need to smoke
 i could use some weed.
 think imma just smoke then call it a night 
 i had a smoke sesh via facetime with @greaseball  i could use another bowl before bed.. any takers
 i used to give cigarette coupons out as random presents to smokers its like drunk dollars man
 also. weed is legal in cali. we dont need that dirt shit over here noway 
 ltkdtreegt i never blow guys that smoke. ltrazzigt that could be a nice antismoking campaign
 buddy asked for my  talking about how he needs new positive friends. said his life isnt too good cause he smokes weed lol
 i need a smoke
 mixing weed got a lotta flavors im so fucking high i need god to save me
 i need to start wearing the same clothes everytime just to smoke cause everything reeks of weed 
 and yeah im stubborn as hell which is a good thing because it helps me weed out other peoples bullshit.
 yea i had a drink  yea i smoked. yea u think i need ya but i dont.
 my bullshit meter has smoke coming out of it that is how bad you lie 
 i smoke too much lowkey need to cool out
 i need to smoke fr.
 you have to know that we tolerant about smoking .but our city want smoke weed the biggest joint in the world bbc  agdamlegalizeweedsendeet
 people are high i heard that presser trump fukin smoked that shit good to kno that trump will get 2 terms be a leader not a follower
 security tried to gimme a 100 ticket for smell of weedtook that shit to the gm and had it ripped up. tried tf out me
 stumbled across it being filmed 2 years ago  finally getting stuck into @westworldhbo and holy smokes what a show 
 someone needs to help me out with some weeds
 trump is the most inept person i know. hes wanting to campaign 30 days after election. hes looking for smoke up h 
 my mom just asked me where she could buy weed what is happening
 @mrzenitram we had to have a wee chat about federal crimes and about how hes basically the only person in nz that doesnt already smoke
 im going back to smoking weed ... i need it
 @motionintime  yea  my gf lost 120 pounds and looks like a smoke show.
 might hafta go smoke trees out in the woods somewhere....seems necessary today
 when father brah hides his weed in the trees 
 come faster than that money in my steve madden bag   you say i want smoke  you say you gone pull up tho   y you flexxin tho
 im wearing sunglasses  a denim jacket and a smoke  listening to protex  going to a record store. its stupid to say but i want to be in 77
 just smoked this maui waui to my face 
 i need to smoke too
 bet i got some weed.... bet i got yo bitch
 lol i need food amp more weed
 im so happy right now man shout to weed man 
 we all just need to smoke a blunt amp listen to dark side of the moon  
 finna smoke this wood ass naked
 snoop killed it tho that was sick needs to do another with wiz smoke selection kk some good weed man  
 when i used to smoke cigarettes i smoked newports solely cause i was black  i tried camels once and hated it 
 hope springs     like a blessed weed   share it with others     who are in need                   
 @houseofdankness nah forreal. i need all my weed to come like this from this point forward. 
 my manager just asked me did i smoke weed or was i normally slow
 holly literally just asked me if i farted and then realized that it was my weed wtf
 i h8 when weedmen call me lols it be so awkward
 i just had a smoke session in the back of the benz
 and i need more dabs maybe some  edibles and an 8th of weed 
 i need to smoke
 @lyricoldrap @bridgettewest look into hemp oil for agp. you can order online. can heal cancer. kombucha tea too. prayer helps too 
 i shall smoke.
 yall need to smoke some weed  yall take shit waaay to serious.
 you can order weed and have it delivered in vegas. i need to move
 whispers weed hat girl 
 @yell0wskies depending on how far out you are from philly maybe we could meet up and have a smoke sesh sometime soon or something
 @leahr77 @bummed2016 was so awesome so excited for this admin  no need for weed or any artificial high drain the 
 still debating on who will be my number 1 driver. smoke will always be my alltime favorite just need a new number 1 nascar
 i need to smoke
 i need some weed
 one more time legalize marijuana federal level impose a federal tax end fund healthcare for everyone in the ustruth america
 if trump smoked some of this  he might not be suck a dickhead 
 oh shit drake just dragged meek  drama amp cannon  free smoke 
 can i really say i quit smoking if the only reason i stuck to it this long is because i was so sick i couldnt smoke
 @wynternotwinter 2 can not debated but the pledge is extra af. we have mountains  weed  and we didnt  vote for tr 
 who needs some good weed blood
 when you start to miss home...only for the weed tho
 need someone to smoke withhh 
 hell yeaah i smoke weed  cause i like to go green tyler 
 @rbreich @pluralgnorance smokescreen to hide behind that makes @potus a circus clown then doesnt it
 someone take me to northstar to return some shit amp ill smoke ya out or give u gas
 i could eat 10x this tho... lol @ salvage bbq amp smokehouse 
 where the fucking weed men at when you need em
 @westinghouse i need at least 4 hdmi ports. what shall i do if my precious gives up the magic blue smoke 
 oklahomas economy would fucking skyrocket if weed was legalized for recreational use.  but some people are too dumb to realize that. 
 i need to smoke.
 smoked so much weed it was like everyday tho 
 i need some weed
 i dont smoke crack mutha fucka i sell etttt.
 we bought a homeless looking dude a cup of coffee today. out of gratitude  he offered us some weed. its the thought that counts  right
 need weed
 @mariabonanno9 @libsnofun @eyesofjustice why isnt he impeached  oh thats right its calif i guess ill just smoke some weed and forget
 yo ppl who smoke newports be smelling like wild shit  how u spreading cancer and being unhygienic af at the same
 @babyfacebran shed probably beat my ass   lol nah she doesnt smoke. she uses it for oils
 some guy i was semi talking to asked me to stop smoking weed... fuck out of here with that crazy ass shit
 i dnt smoke..... 2mins nah lemme hit that
  finally reason to use the  @ joes on weed st. 
 and now i need weed.
 i just witnessed a wendys employee smoke a cig inside the wendys.
 im finna see if they really sell weed at gas stations out here lol
 peoples reaction when i dont smoke weed but munch on doses all day priceless
 @alonlevy mmm. possible inegi figures were by smokersnonsmokers. i usually look for that normalizationstill 76 doesnt seem right.
 i need all my weed to have life. atleast feel alive. if i drop a nug right now that shit might evaporate. dry ass shit
 juan just really had me call my mama to ask do i smoke her weed w her 
 i literally wanted a sucker so bad cuz everyone had them until i realized they were edible marijuana suckers lol
 if you need to smoke  you should quit its really bad for you also my flight attendant. she really gives no fucks its inspiring
 goanna go smoke and make myself dumber
 need weed
 @parkermolloy the fakenews about swedenincident invariably means a greater potus outrage is actually being perpetrated during this smoke
 too much drama im just tryna smoke
 who sell weed that i can come too
 michael just pulled out his weed instead of his wallet at vons...lmao
 need weed phone home will pay in cash me
 i need to smoke
 and this is the girl who mooches for weed and xans off my roommate and i. 
 a real weed man will be available 247
 i need weed
 colorado weedmen dont be on shit 
 some people smoke  others drink  and others fall in love  each one dies in a different way.
 i need weed
 the guy my lil cousin buys weed from really just tried to sell me a g for 15 im real tight rn hahahah wtf
 i dont buss heads lol i get my head busted but i dont smoke tho lol
 i need smoke another one 
 need weed
 need sum weed man
 dark is my light because i can appreciate it im not a cheerleader to blow smoke up your ass lol i dont lie no need 
 i need a wtf a lighter cant spark up my plugs my head b my f n race car on weed n shhh oil i gotta hit napa  omg i pissin laughing  rollin
 i really lost my mother fucking weed dude
 i need my reefer  fuck me suck me amp rub my tummy
 @dearmaggie  ew dude. i hate this shit. now im lighterless  tryna smoke a bowl. 
 @jcandy258 for real dude. smoke session soon
 mad as hell cause i have a jar full of weed and no rillos
 need smoke
  the weedmen down in atl fuckin suck and all are on bullshit. 
 sleep or smoke....maybe smoke then sleep. idk maybe im better off dead but this project wont be. i paid a lifetime of hell4 their mistakes
 @adamsflafan he doesnt understand that djt is a sociopath   maybe he should smoke smoke something it might enhance his pea brain
 i be getting high off weed money and pussy
 i need weed 
 your mcm still wears diamond supply ts n smokes mid
 i just wanna smoke weed with abigail but she sneak disses too much so might need to cut her off 
 @jonpoillon smoke screen maybe doesnt mean he wouldnt do it 
 i used to chill at the crib to smoke and sell bud all day and do stupid shit. now im working on building my company and making music
 you dont need to smoke 
 need weed 
 i need to smoke 
 bummed some weed off jesus last night @makaylasoto 
 having people hit me up for weed is annoying   some guy just texted me to come through at 430 lmao wtf
 @shescreamsjazz hell yeah shed probably look cuter if she actually smoked the shit
 homophobes shouldnt be allowed to smoke weed. idk why that makes sense to me but it does
 finna smoke 1 to the face...def need it 
 @octavious707 whattup bro its rich from the weedbus
 if youre not wearing huf weed socks then are you even really getting high
  need food amp weed 
 @ismoke @finesselordjoe @scoobypacks this shit me every time i smoke with yall man. lmao 
 @lefloof tho my last hookup gave me some. i guess im a weed prostitute
 i just saw a video on facebook and im having a cannabis wedding bet
 need to just do my homework and smoke a blunt on how shitty my day is right now.
 last night i delivered a sub to this guy and he goes hey i dont have money for a tip but i can smoke you out if you want
 i need a new weed man 
 i hate dudes i used to fw who talk mad shit  im like you wasnt talking shit when i gave you gas money  weed  amp good head lol
 alana youd be a great cop.             why  cause youd just take all the kids weed and smoke it. 
  me or weed  yea fuck you weed .
 need to smoke 
 there is so much pettiness on my tl today yall need to smoke some bowls and get some head.
 @johnkasich @cnnpolitics @cnn shut up turtle head .... go smoke some pot and control your neuro tick
 yo @andrewcte come back to spokane and smoke with me 
 oh and weed. i need weed.
 mood no need to stress over the actions of others instead smoke a 
 need to smoke
 @matthewinsea @maytagsmom who needs a viagra when you got weed
 i dont need to smoke to do this though  i already do.  
 i needs weed and my plug isnt responding and agh
 ion smoke no tree 
 i need some marijuana 
 i need some weed
 hit the weed and proceed to give the people with they need. @ brooklyn  new york 
 if i smoke another stump ima be slumped lmao
 hey @rihanna come smoke with me. 
 no. believe there is smoke around kingsrangers  too much scouting going on. maybe not at deadline  perhaps at draf 
 ayyyyy lmk if yall need weed 
 i need a new weed man
 pharma anti cannabis campaign donations to slow down process of med marijuna  quacks like a duck maybe so  
 i could rly use a fucking smoke
 be the @rihanna of any situation dont a give af about what they could  say and smoke a blunt carribbeanway 
 need to smoke
 @mikelley517 @carrie74brewer @stephenking his refusal to divest himself of his companies. smoke screen his kids donald is still in charge.
 yea im both...yea i had a drink yea i smoked
 i wouldnt buy my weed if i couldnt share it with my friends
 i need to smoke some weed  im really in so much pain i need something to knock me out
 im just trynna make you into a hippie and smoke some trees baby 
 she smokes  and hates feminists and country music. wifematerial
 some shit to smoke to  
 liquid gold pure red oil cannabis oil injectors can be applied on bluntsprerolled cones  use for dabbing  or ref 
 @jratm23 @wrongreel @gknout ill admit that my sleep lately has not been the best. new york needs to legalize weed.
 i need to smoke soon or else im jumping out my window
 some lady just tried to bribe me with weed to give her a room for cheaper motel6 northeastindy
 i wish i could just go to the store to buy bud. where da weed at.
 i need weed
 i need to smoke.
 bartender just asked me to plug in my phone cuz hes going for a smoke and needs to keep playing 
 sir i will not have you offend marijuana in such way. @realdonaldtrump is simply an idiot. maybe alcohol. 
 im really going through weed withdrawals right now 
 i need a smoke 
 also sex work wouldnt be illegal if the government knew how to you tax it  but they dont like weed.
 like fr though do i have to travel all the way to camden just to smoke 
 i need to smoke a blunt
 need some smoke eaters in my life asap
 bills paid  nails done  brows done  next pedicure scheduled  shopping trip next sunday  weed in my jar  taxes filed. im feelin good
 kansas needs weed legalization .
 i love her like pussy money weed
 i need to smoke
 this weed turned out way better than i expected. i mean like im really high right now  stonernation stoners 
 homeless man excuse me ladies do you think i could do a cartwheel for a cigarette if you smoke them justeugthings
 i need a smoke
 need some smoke
 i need a weed man like nowwwwwww
 fuck yes wtf lmao lets get some popeyes  some weed and netflix shiiiiit 
 i need some weed
 @ronwyden we need to see tax returns at the very least. we need to see evaluate emoluments. there is so much smoke
 im not even star struck but i  thought he said something to me last year backstage at hemp fest amp i actually froze 
 i need to get paid already i need weed asap
 i really hate that weed is criminalized and demonized the way it is.
 i need smoke  
 blah blah blah racism nazis fascists cheetos... im just trying to smoke this cbd and chill for a minute
 uhhhh yea im talking about the weed man   the guy u got it from momma 
 buy weed online legally the how tocalltext us at hotline   16788038775 .visit our website 
 a true trump voting moron is the kind of person that will sell you weed and then call the cops and tell them you sm 
 @speakingofmuva @eyekomology lips dark as shit like he wearing smoked purple like shit
 i need more weed
 @cnnbrk most whites cant even tell u how the h trade blew up and smoked so many dumber whites all the while under gwb  another drug user..
 she right here talking about let her sell weed
 smoking the thc residue in my bowl gets my higher than the fucking weed does to rahtid.
 nahh but real shit. what if a shorty pull up on you to smoke with smoke corn lmao
 legalizing marijuana and selling alcohol on sundays. two quick fixes for the economy  but we still need to regulate. middle ground works.
 need a new weed man 
 if you smoke 247 you need to also smell good if not dont come the fuck around me fr
 that weed and oil be having a nigga slumped
 i hate how weedmen wake up late af
 i just need some good weed right now nothing else
 are you curious to know how essential oils can support your cannabis treatment hear about doterra oils from 1130 
 @buffalobutttye i aint bipolar i just need weed or im looking at everybody like 
 @buffalobutttye oh hell nah  you need to make a strong commitment to weed...
 right out of the smoker  ready for your   platterring pleasures @blueribbonbbq monday 
 man wtf i woke up just to simp ala verga i need to smoke
 another 20 000. up in smoke and the protesters will still get the welfare support. how dumb can we be send them t 
 need weed
 i seriously need to smoke
 @brittanyrobey my mom gives me essential oil pills when im sick and they literally work every time  also weed helps too 
 you can not exchange weed for pussy. you lighting somebody up  doesnt mean you will get sex in return
 smoking boof in the booth. i used to smoke in the cut.
 i need this smoke session.. 
 man hell... even if you getting hit with the fish price... smoke that shit... stop bullshitting with yourself 
 i like to celebrate the small things in life..... with that being said  i need weed lmao
 and food  i need weed and food lol
 i need to smoke
 i need to smoke
 tell him he need a new weed man 
 im sensing a smoke session later 
 show your support for medical marijuana right now jeff sessions is opponent of legalizationlikely to enforce federal laws in all states.
 when i worshipped mac demarco  smoked camel crush  wore striped shirts and mom jeans religiously 
 i like artsy bitches but all the artsy hoes smoke cigs  
 @jenniferforor stupid use tax money from marijuana.
 imma roll one..ampimma smoke one
 where the weed tho
 been a good day  need weed before i can start this semesters worth of spanish homework
 having a big ass smoke session in my basement. 
 i just really need one of those parked car smoke sessions with my bestfriend 
 love you. and nope  im completely sober no alcohol or weed. 
 have smoked in 48mins im disappointed in myself 
 who needz a diamond ring when these crystals on ya reefer
 new trump executive order this week a revised refugee ban could render the current case moot  smoke and mirrors
 this shit right here is why i smoke
 i need to smoke.
 yea dom. watchu need some bomb head  a bag of weed
 them i can watch anime and i can cosplay all i want its who i am also them oh you smoke weed you must be a thug
 i wish i had somebody to spoil maybe i wouldnt smoke so much weed
 i need you now | smokey norful
 just smoke some bud man  
 why do they sell wraps in the store if weed is illegal 
 im convinced that weed  money  food  ally  zay  and my cousins are the only thingspeople that can make me happycheer me up.
 genifer m cannabis inspired jewelry. start the conversation. gold  diamonds  sterling silver 
 i need to smoke
 genifer m cannabis inspired jewelry. be empowered. be bold.   jewelry luxury cannabis 
 genifer m cannabis inspired jewelry. start the conversation. be empowered.   jewelry luxury 
 i really need fucking weed like now
 a kid in my class is wearing weed socks. i thought those were dead after 16. hmm.
 rt @weed dont blame me for that rt @evbyhatesash if he did rob the pizza man i blame it on the weed
 right when im about to finish the damn motor on the saw went up in smoke. lol looks nice tho
 hope springs     like a blessed weed   share it with others     who are in need                  
 i do not sell weed. i smoke it and smoke it only. i can gladly point u in the direction to several plugs
 yeaaa i need to smoke
 i need to smoke . now
 if the employment section of your facebook about me says boss at self employed  you definitely smoke crystal meth
 need a smoke break. its always some shit
 wtf i do before weed
 nothing but weedles  zubats  drowses and psyducks everywhere. shit atleast give me a geodude
 i need an alcohol and weed drone.
 i need a good smoke sesh
 @whyyoudelete @videbeats the audio cut out but i said go smoke a carton of camels then talk to me about inflicting pain on loved ones
 hey cavs weed need this guy 
 im so thirsty to smoke its been a longgggg ass day 
 i need weed
 used my powers of math science and time to get my weed and postmates same time
 pussy money weed 
 who need weed
 i need good weed
 yea i smoke penises all of the time  
 imma just smoke after i do he
 @bresuschrist right that is some shit they would pull. organic hemp panty tapestry 500
 im so hungry  and i need to smoke smh what a good and bad combo lol
 this weed that im blazin got me feelin amazin
 my dad just asked me to get him some weed. what is really going on
 my weed in my purse tho  
 also with extensive training maybe better background and social media checks to weed out all the bigots. just a thought. thetalkpbs
 yea obviously i dont smoke  
 you can smoke boat and still have a job at espn. wild. 
 2 freaks i just geeked sk  kel tec  xpd  og off codeine need more lean need more weed to proceed ik bs i throw bs tall ps ik pirus ik 9duece
 @damndez for some quality weed   yea .... what else they supposed to buy 
 shawty i got what you need me backwoods n hella weed 
 your eyes are like the smoke  they linger on me 
 need some weed 
 @ggoodgas what about that time debo tried choking me and smoke out back   oh that was different
 i pulled up 2 buy some cigars amp noticed this dude drop a zip lock bag w some weed  pillsamp coke i told he dropped something.
 i need to smoke some weed lol
 booooy  niggas hide they girlfriend better than they hide their weed yallbeentogetherhowlong yousureyouaintsinglesis
 i need some marijuana
 i need a smoke
 the way i need weed rn is brazy 
 glass and smoke  shifting shadows hands like drums searching for battles im facedown in the dark with eyes in  broken glass 
 your pussy aint shit if the weedman u fucked still chargin 40 an aff 
 bitch at least when i pulled all nighters painting i had 5 periods to go to sleep for and a smoke session after school
 i need to smoke lol
 damn i could really use a blunt right now but i didnt smoke all month amp im not tryna screw it up  what is my life 
 as do i   niggas need to smoke more weed 
 i need to smoke
 need more people in nac to smoke with ayy if yall tryna match fwm
 my cat really tried eating my weed right now wtf
 i need to just smoke myself to sleep.
 mood  when you underestimate the weed.. 
 need something smoke in
 yall my uber driver just tried to come back to pick me up and smoke me out lmfao
 imma smoke this joint then imma brake you off
 when you give your grown ass neighbors some weed and they start trippen 
 lmao i use to smoke this nigga out amp bring him to sessions wit my other friends when we were in highschool  becaus 
 it aint the gas but it still smoke tho 
 lately i been smoken way stronga shit
 i need to smoke
 i want a lil hideout like this. so i can hide amp smoke 
 theres too much smoke for no fire trumps michael flynn received 40 000 from russian government  
 ugh need to smoke more. need more sleep
 call my brother over here amp smoke. i need a talk
 also the guy who says cannabis 
 i used to hide the smell of weed on me but at this point idgaf.
 ima still smoke weed tho.
 no need to smoke it or snort it to try an get a greater affect from it. like seriously just fuckig use google.
 that good weed smoke make the bullshit goo awaaayyyy
 local boston man found alive after being found dead  the man was knocked out from inhailing marijuana oils from s 
 the official travel site of cannabis  travel cannabis marijuana 
 this dude just asked me for weed again. amp another random lady next to me just said that this dude is always around. welcome to devon at 10am
 than 80 percent of texans support legalizing marijuana for some use. texas tribune 
 @dawnwillow can you smoke in your fur coat
 i need some intellectual friends that smoke so we faded asf talking about crazy asss shit
 republicans are and have been all smoke and mirrors  nothing real just look at repeal and related and replace aff 
 in serious need of weed 
 jehovah amp weed is all you need....watch ppl loose they shit bc i tweeted this lol
 trump said we need to weed out all prejudices and evil .............. 
 just a friendly reminder to everyone that cannabis is an exit  not a gateway.   
 just a reminder to everyone that cannabis is an exit  not a gateway.    cannabiscommunity maryjane althealth
 today i saw a guy with a sign that said really need  for weed.
 i need to smoke lol
 i need to smoke 
 need a fwen to smoke a blunt with me 
 it fucking says no smoking and he fucking decides to smoke right here.
 i witnessed one homeless man give another homeless man some weed. that homeless mans eyes lit up like a kid on fucking christmas day.
 whoever choose the soundtrack for weeds needs to be hung lol
 i could go for some ribs right now  maybe ill smoke some this weekend tastebudz
 i also only smoke im@screaming you are acting like im out here doing coke which is very serious and ppl who do it shouldnt be demonized
 i could go for some ribs right now  maybe ill smoke some this weekend e tastebudz
 i been asked who wanted smoke way way back and nobody ever answered me 
  im tripping. i need to smoke lol
 i need a smoke already
 yea smoke crack lol
 i just wanted some smoke man i didnt mean to pressure you 
 ill probably smoke one today  maybe   maybe not
 i dont even smoke with dudes that keep the weed in plastic bags. that shit needs to be kept in a glass jar suckas
 today i walked by a group of people smoking stoges  having a passionate conversation about how if you dont smoke stoges  you aint shit.
 @marcuss64 we have way too many my brotha lol. we need to smoke together soon dude its been a min
 shit is oissing me off bc ppl smoke weed mostly to realize physical pain and huff doesnt do shit
 at work with a migraine in a bad ass fucking mood i keep eating because of my anxiety i need to smoke a fat ass blu 
 @orlandocitysc when are the rules for the new stadium going up this girl needs to know how many smoke bombs to buy.
 if i ever get rich imma be like andre johnson every christmas except imma give out weed every friday
 talking bout weed in psychology...
 some guy asked me if i wanted a marijuana 13 yo next to me
 @vincegraff  @jaketurx out of the box proposal for trump weeding out antisemetic hatred 33min into clip 
 i dont think there is much better then relaxing with a good smoke and some european uefa football 3dscigars 
 the guys in this class only talk about weed and its so annoying
 but im an artsy skater dude  i smoke american spirits and wear pastel i cant be a douche 
 we need a smoke session  
 friends who use cannabis do cannabis oils help you sleep i have a nightly ritual with essential oils that help but not always and im..
 bare in that pussy  like smokey chain swing like rodeo ropy  diamonds so wet that they soapy  watch them mingle like they do the hokeypokey
 moral of the story is build the friendship then share the weed
 close the curtain and smoke on my dope
 get the fuck up out of church gym stinking like weed. fucking loses
 i need weed 
 @arianaaaacreque no weed against me shall prosper 
 blame it on the weed
 i need to smoke .
 need to smoke really only had 3 blunts today 
 need cannabis at your next travel location heres the guide for you  travel mmj lifestyle
 i need to smoke 
 i highkey need to smoke something
 this is why you dont smoke doobies with your nails..  
 @eliseflowers @realdonaldtrump he needs weed really bad donny if you need a joint bro its legal in az and ur the president lets smoke out
 why keep selling weed n shit if u keeeeppppppppppp getting robbed like wtf my bd so backwards
 i need to smoke.
 did i think this was innovative whoever allows me to smoke marijuana needs to stop it right now 
 @live5news state legislature should approve use of healing agents n marijuana. there is no need 4 people 2 suffer when help is available.
 so aggravated need to smoke like now 
 i dont slang or bang i just smoke mothafuckas like it aint no thang
 braaaa i remember oomf swore up and down she was a smoker so i was like bet
 need your love like a weedstick
 i need a phat smoke sesh
 you can buy an oz. of weed for a hundred dollars out of vending machines now in canada 
 still stuck on earlier but ima smoke and talk about it later 
 gt i dont need to smoke  stupid s
 @highmindedjews @lynnelyman they dont need to weed us out. we are right here. @highergtv legalizedit resist 
 @walkingbisexual lol when you have to conserve your weed
 i need to smoke
 have you ever smoked and listened to michael jackson what an experience.
 i just need good people and good weed around me
 holy smokes theres a whole episode on oklahoma on the travel channel right now all about unique foods
 i need to smoke
 pls dont  i love you we need to smoke soon amp talk  deadass lmk 
 this friend also thinks all news is fake  he smoked way too much pot. 
 itll be cool if you could smoke weed on the plane lol
 i need me a fella wholl smoke me out then eat me out
 i need ganja a nigga need some sleep tonight.
 i need to smoke some weed
 next @fox16news we updated the medical marijuana commission proposals... 
 i need weed
 id share my weed with you. not you tho because you said i was a fat ass.
 my grandpa is really talking to me about how he use to grow weed back in the day lol crazy shit lol
 yea cause i smoke.... but not cigs tho 
 man.. i hate when mfs hml on bullshit.. . i need a blunt and cant smoke 
 somebody sell me some damn weed jesus
 @danselseed find a way to beat sca and control pig weeds and youll be a rich man
 him and young thug smoke penises together 
 i was about to go to bed until christian asked if i wanted to smoke shit
 i was about to go to sleep until my brother asked if i wanted to smoke
 alhagie need to stop telling me how to live my life. you not my dad hell be back after his smoke break @feeltheinfamacy
 smoke alotta weed but my shit together 
 y do my neighbors think its okay to use a hammer  set off smoke detectors  laugh loud af wfriends  amp keep their 4 yo daughter up at 12am
 looking for someone i can smoke and travel the world with. where ya at
 diamonds red like a mf cut me and i smoke rusty and dusty.
 someone smoke amp get waffle house with me   you paying for own shit tho  famu18 famu17
 you know you need to chill out when smoke starts coming out your ears  lmfaoooo 
 need weed
 really need to pee. really need to smoke. really going to lay in bed and suffer instead.
 i need more people to smoke with.
 its dang near a requirement to smoke weed for a dude to talk to you these days or maybe thats just the dudes i meet
 i need to smoke 
 amp we done smoked right. amp i mean bitch we high as fuck.
 i need someone weed 
 im got mad weed still not happy  i need some dixk
 i need to smoke
 i smoke sooooo much when school is back in session.
 going to smoke thiss joint  then crash 
 then i rolled with this dude made ah crazy some killed it tho where the fuck was the weed lolfinness me to do ah song downtown lol
 i need to smoke
 ice cold slander we got smoke 
 nobodys awake. i need someone to smoke with me before my 10am 
 need to go get weed
 man we better not sign that weed head  
 what if i need a abortion or i need marijuana 
 i bet if ppl smoked more weed they wouldnt judge others for smoking weed amiright
 fuck friends i just need weed.
 travel ban imposed on @sunsarataylor prevents her from leaving psych ward. bitch needs to lose her virginity or smoke a dick  shes mad 
 i think han solo needs to cut back on the dagobah weed. 
 let this fresh ganja hit me real quick 
 when the tree super good im in no rush to smoke it. 
 maybe i should smoke weed for my bad back. 
 drug dogs out here. if need hide your weed  
 @yeathatsjess @xanwitdatleeean we need smoke and go see this 
 i need to smoke a blunt or 7
 me and michaela just pulled up to a red light next to each other and no joke we both blasting weed wid da macka lmao
 i need a shawty that can smoke the same amount of blunts as me
 need weed
 it is very obvious to me and the world that i have my weed suppply where it needs to be as im doing great
 pussy  money  weed is all i really need
 i need more gf who smoke cause i realllllly hate being alone
 im sore as a bitch  this cross fit session later gon smoke me
 fuck i need to smoke
 @aravosis smokey the bear was in on it
 dont hit me up asking to smoke cause ima say yea and i need to quit 
 dude i work with you really stump a doctor when you go in there and theyre like  you smoke no shit now what could the problem be
 @realdonaldtrump learn the medical value of cannabis  and the money that can be made by the federal government by tax  
 @fozfens we all bonded over being from ca amp then were like.... u smoke tho....
 imma legalize your homicide and murder marijuana
 so im over trap music and shit in smoke sessions lol my next few sessions im bout to switch up the game play paramore or sum shit 
 nowhere in monsters discussion of putting nascar models back in smokey and the banditera outfits do we ask why its still the 70s in nascar
 deep breaths and marijuana is all i need right now
 who needs weed  hmu
 some kid just told me its upsetting that i dont smoke because he needs a lighter uhhh
 pocatello mormons fucking stoners starts smoking weed me hey congrats you fucking fairy  jesus fucking hates you now.
 i really hate cookies man shit taste like mid. boof ass strand of ganja
 holy smokes @amerianair is changing their boarding process to something that actually makes sense 
 @xoxonana wassup tho who got smoke 
 where the fuckin weed at fr tho smh
 hell nah harden smoke them all especially defense 
 @gartrelllinda just look at all the pollution going into the air  puff up in smoke w contamination  ya libs keep burning
 yall need some weed
 need food and weed asap lmao
 i need to start buying ounces the way i smoke cause all this running back and forth
 @angryblackhoemo they need to fix it  cause my weed plug only operates on jackd.
 food amp weed is all i need today.
 @eliselaurenne if you own your condo what would be the point of not being able to smoke
 @eliselaurenne sounds to me like you need to get you a house i own a condo and ill be damned if i have to go outside to smoke.
 you need some good weed lol 
 i need a smoke
 its really overdue for marijuana legalization...
 ayyyee moeee the studdar at 136 to buy some weed or some shit 
 nah o love weed tho 
 need smoke chicken
 @heimbbq need smoke chicken
 i mean im pretty easy going. i just smoke weed all day amp listen to @rihanna. not that high maintenance
 ill sleep your ass real quick  man if this bih dont shut up amp go smoke her cigarette 
 ... my head hurts... i need weed amp some tea
 yea i need to smoke mf blowing me already
 i get excited for weed sessions. i just be ready to geek bout dumb shit and think bout da food ima crush.
 @dirquez dude lit up outside after being asked to by his comrades. definitely blew the smoke into the building  tho
 also someone out here reeks of weed
 my blender is fucked cause i used to use it to break down my weed and its still stuck to the blades lol
 i need to smoke
 yea i had a drink  yea i smoked
 im really tired of sounding like a 90 yo smoker 
 i need some fucking weed yall
 or maybe i just smoke so much im happy all the time......either way im fucking happy lol
 i need a spot to have a smoke session at
 imma wake up and smoke like a chimney
 whenever i smoke bud i knock the hell out after  the high is just so different. not something im used to anymore
 why is it that society frowns upon the consumption of marijuana but is more open to the consumption of alcohol 
 can a chrysler 300 even start up without weed smoke billowing out the windows
 @justinescalona @tolpifogo maybe you should try the weed
 ion get as high as i use to  i need a smoke break
 i need smoke
 dude just tried to sell me weed. in oregon.
 i need to smoke 
 i need to smoke...
 weed smokers i need help
 imma boycott starbucks like imma boycott my weed dealer. boycottstarbucks 
 im convinced my wednesdays were made for weed naps
 i need to smoke me a .5 man im stressed 
 @cnn keep your eye on the ball. russian ties to a cash grab. treason  espionage. i want to protect immigrants but that is a smoke screen.
 @elizabethtighe. your smoke rises cd came in today. i really like meant to do and numbered days.. elizabethtighe 
 lol i probably need to smoke today huh  
 i seriously need to smoke....
 i need some weed like now
 i need to smoke.. now
 sell me weed
 weak excuse for fucking weedmen you mfs are
 my grandmas buick could smoke that piece of shit trailer trash tokyodrift
 i need a fat ass backwood and a shawty to smoke it with
 i dont need to smoke weed rn but also i need to.
 @paamelaa will do   come out on your break and smoke with us lol or sneak out
 @huntedfans @huntedcbs damn once again i need to smoke a cigarette daveampemily depressed bye or run like hell
 i need to smokedd maan
 i need a girl friend in florida to smoke weed with and be on bullshit
 ld667 new an act to repeal the legalization of recreational marijuana 
 i deadass only eat when i smoke now shits so bad 
 can i smoke my way to victory
 when i need something out of my car dad  whens your next smoke break
 this cali weed fixed that real quick 
 @itskatlyn28 @arianauerp do it you pussy its the same smoking weed
 support recreational use of marijuana and ban stank ass cigarettes all2017
 the bombass weed 
 definitely swirling this kiddie cup of weed tea like a glass of wine
 @jasmineeeerae @angelboomin huh we can really all just really be friends and smoke then 
 pussy money weed... 
 i need a friend that love to smoke just as much as me 
 all i wanted to do was smoke a fat blunt today but nah
 @jasonstapleton ...what are ur thoughts on making a minimal investment in cannabis stocks now that they are available. and yes i dont use.
 may all your weeds be wildflowers
 damn i need to smoke
 @jaceyfrenzel shoot you right carry around a lasso and a weed in your mouth
 i am so fucking angry. i need to fucking smoke
 i really need to smoke 
 we got weed and xans what u like 
 my sister just tried to bake a cake with no flour or eggs.. it spilled over and burnt all over the place. too much smoke. 
 who need weed
 if the employment section of your facebook about me says boss at self employed  you definitely smoke crystal meth
 where the weed man at
 no pussy or weed but i got money now
 i need to smoke lol.
 where my brother at dawg  i need to smoke
 @maddehmn @nmatoian brainy teens are more likely to smoke pot than their less intelligent peers  study says 
 @maddehmn @nmatoian brainy teens are more likely to smoke pot than their less intelligent peers  study says 
 this oversized vegetable manti turkish dumpling looks like a hug w smoked yogurt amp sumac  
 im fyna stop smokin weed n start salen da shit n a mattervof times im sick of weed salers fr
 i need to smoke
 @davidspade i would sell it to my weed guy.
 lol my bigma tried to send me to rehab yall it was a big ass intervention about weed lol i was soooo blowed
 lol chile my ma is a drama queen so she ended up calling my dad over my bigma told him i smoke them roaches 
 i need to smoke 
 i just realized that my neighbors sell weed for a while 
 @archaeofuturist @mtracey if im going to be a paid protester then soros needs to cough up enough for a sack of weed. not a damn sign.
 i need cali weed back in my life 
 lai need some weed who got it
 i need to smoke
 i just woke shorty up and asked him if he wanted to smoke with me and all he said was prepare it. keeper
 i smoke too damn much someone need to confiscate my ports and my id. just lock my ass up 
 the only way marijuana can kill you is if you take 25lbs of it and you throw it out of a cia drug plane and it hits you in the fucken head.
 the weed in cali just upper echelon for real tho
 @f3lexsc @f3detention 7 pax endure a @charguar38 smoke fest. good work dudes notsoccerplayers
 tryna smoke sense im up
 83 of texans are in favor of some legal medical marijuana reform..not quite there on recreational use yet.
 @tomselders @marykaycabot @kencarman hell need a smoke and a nap afterwards if that happens.
 many many books in my library need to be weeded and updated but i dont have the budget to do it @betsydevosed pencils4betsy loveteaching
 @thatafroswag ill watch it now i was a little apprehensive due to the fact that it was about whiteppl selling weed and getting away with it
 omg i need to smoke.
 im so offended this man asked if i smoked reggie.
 maybe i should unblock smoke number huh 
 ughhhhhh i need to smoke. not now but right now.
 i need a real smoke
 this muh fucka really smoked my blunt
 same... argan oil or hemp oil are best... 
 legalizing marijuana will combat corruption. @usfda want a border wall regulate  tax  marijuana disarm the dr 
 maybe i can smoke the symptoms away 
 need friends that are going to wanna smoke .. like right now lmao
 she thanked the community for their support and also thanked special prosecutor weeden wetmore and his team for all their work
 i need to smoke a blunt
 not even a little done with all this fucking cat fur in my weed all the time 
 my weedman better not be on the bullshit again today
 its 2017 and weed still smells horrible @science u should speak on this
 good weed for the stress  lately ive been feeling like the fucking president raising hell living well  yea nigga heavensent.  @skinny6zro
 her and weed is all i need 
 along with the memories from weed  music made. i feel the same way tho  its a double edged sword. 
 i really love weed  like we could neva break up
 rep. joe moody is making a powerful case for texas to take a fresh look at its approach to marijuana laws 
 i mean i was listening to that album during 7th grade  but 18 years still doesnt make sense. time is confusing for habitual weed smokers.
 seriously you guys dont understand.....like who needs weed when you can have antioxidant  nutrientwater dense  sugar rush on pure juice
 i need to smoke
 i need to smoke.
 recreational marijuana is very different. the legals reasoning for which isnt related to medicine  but freedom to pursue happiness.
 @cnn @ak2webd3 lol and they wanted to blame marijuana for the drought. allah flooded the blocc.
 @yaboychefbaker versus some wubby shit like ganja and space jesus so fuck off chase
 im bouta smoke real quick
 crunchy weed is not where its at
 im going to proceed to smoke all the weed
 @michaelsholley for realz......maybe the shamrock celtics logo looks like a marijuana plant to this dude fail
  was chilling  with weedvalet and came across  a small diamond mixed by @manuel92133457  
 columbia is smokey as hell right now
 wtaf lol gtgop congressman says terrorists can hide nukes in marijuana bales and thats why we need a wall 
 i wanna photocopy my book and sell it to buy some weed shiit college is too expensive smh
 i need to smoke
 youre a pussy if you have to hide under the tunnel to smoke a cig. like if your at least gonna smoke a cig down there move tf out  my way
 @therealnymart huh ps  im a guy who limited fluid intake in hs to avoid using restrooms dominated by smokers who hazed nonsmokers.
 we aint shit it and smoke i knee caps off  
 so states rights rock when it comes to transgender people but when it comes to marijuana the federal government is boss
 i need to smoke
 @seanspicer falsely equated the opioid epidemic with oxycodone amp heroine to recreational marijuana use. sad
 @joerogan jeff sessions coming for your weed homie. turn on the news.
 @samknight1 and cannabis is to blame for opioid addiction  how  exactly fucking bonehead. 
 figures. at a time when recreational marijuana is needed more than ever  trump misadministration will ramp up federal enforcement efforts.
 @actuallyerin @chrisgeidner i looked into recreational marijuana use in college. a lot. conclusion its great.
 hey bub  dont think your car is supposed to blow blue smoke and smell like burning oil..... lmao
 still mad as fuck they took my loud man and prolly smoked my shit
 @wardm313 @gmanfan44 good way to get a little quick money for their weed.  may  not be so inviting now that rioters are being prosecuted
 need a shell so i can smoke but im being stupid lazy.
 also  the same will be said to anybody else who compares the opioid epidemic to recreational marijuana use
 @countermoonbat yeah  i dont even like weed but states that legalized it need to be left the hell alone
 @jeffgoldesq new poll 71 of voters asked say the government should not enforce federal laws against marijuana  back to dark ages. no way
 awwww hell naaaa. these mother fuckers are comin for our weed now  yall. resist 
 trump says weed is a federal issue but transgender rights is a state issue. its nice that he can just make shit up as he goes along.
 hmu if u need some weed lube
 everything sucks so hard right now  can we at least smoke weed  trumpreich no. 
 maybe to smoke em out 
 im so irritated i need to smoke before work.
 .@seanspicer   are you on opiods right now to say something so stupid as to equate marijuana with those other drugs just shut the fuck up.
 @benjaminflores @byyourlogic this is it. they will start a civil war over weed. armed conflict will result from these actions. ironic sad
 if trump really takes away washingtons weed right before i turn 21 im going back on my lee harvey oswald shit 
 white house hints at crackdown on recreational marijuana  
 oh man  hell have to hide his weed in his sick now 
 his comments also represent a break from what trump said during his campaign  when he said  in terms of marijuana and legalization ...
 @politico oh  so the dump administration is going to halt of marijuana importation and usage better men have tried. good luck  pussy
 also cracking down on recreational marijuana. @jeffsessions should watch weeds or oitnb. moves dont end well. 
 how many people died from recreational marijuana versus recreational alcohol 
 guess well still be getting our weed from canada and mexico bc fuck us  right  @potus  murica
 cant believe i wasted my time replying to washington republicans convinced trump wasnt coming after legal marijuana. cuz states rights
 were talking weed because i need it
 youre either misinformed or under informed. trumps being pushed to pass federal legalization of marijuana. leaving 
 trump is coming for our weed.
 need weed in the valley amp of course my rec is expired smh
 the snack food industry should be lobbying furiously for recreational marijuana. maybe they are and im just unaware.
 just when you think you couldnt hate the current wh more they hint at cracking down on recreational marijuana in states where its legal.
 yea i had a drink yea i smoked. yea you think i need you but i dont 
 im so jonesin that i just drank cannabis oil... this better fucking do something
 now trumps going to screw up medical marijuana for people who really need it. guaranteed
 i need to smoke some weed before my head explodes
 white house press secretary hints federal marijuana crackdown may be forthcoming 
 i use to smoke when i was stressed or mad now im use that extra money from that now to shop 
 more private prisons  and a crackdown on recreational weed use.  back to the 90s  this time without all the good music.
 governments have proved how much weed benefits the economy and is not as harmful as once perceived but here comes little hands trump again
 i hate when a bih be like shit smoke better cause its from outta town   no dumbass thats another strain bihhhhh.
 i dont believe that sessions will limit raids to adultuse marijuana. will just label mmj stores in liberal states as psuedorecreational
 i really just want to have a chill ass smoke session
 wishing the government went after poison ivy like they go after marijuana
 of course talk of going after recreational weed users amp building more for profit prisons are connected. its how theyll fill the prisons.
 @dixielovesdonas holy smokes these are amazing they look as if i could get them at the post office right now lol 
 @ all the people who smoke and support trump 
 im having bad anxiety today i need to smoke a blunt or imma freak tf out
 im so fuckin irro  i need to smoke 
 people who publicly announce on facebook that they smoke weed or need to by an ounce really grind my gears  how dumb can you be
 interesting that @presssec says trump wants transgender bathroom rights to be decided by the states but not recreational marijuana use.
 whether trump or obama  we were bound to pay higher taxes due to legalizing weed. wish people woulda voted no for i 
 its eating into private prison money  they need to lock up folks over weed lol 
 because beauregard sessions would prefer you burned a cross than smoke a joint 
 while hint was doj would only target recreational states  do you really want to motivate people in a negative way w archaic views on weed
 i need someone to smoke me out right quick
 i party  i smoke  i drink. but i still got my shit together so suuckadiick if you got issues with it 
 i need to smoke
 @theintercept @mountainmole @zaidjilani  thats bass ackwords grated wording civil rights are federal concerns a stinky weed should be
 they turn transgender br use back to states  but this  white house hints at crackdown on recreational marijuana 
 i need a smoke. thestruggleisreal
 lgbt treatment  states rights  recreational marijuana  epidemic requiring federal action  huh
 so does this also apply to marijuana laws what a fucking assfaced hypocrite. this guy needs to dive head 1st into 
 cracking down on stateregulated marijuana use seems like a bad political move but so did donald trump. 
 so now trump is against recreational marijuana 
 are we really going after marijuana again how many damn studies need to be done to realize thats not a good idea. sigh
 i love dope smoke but i gotta give dat shit up so i can get where i need to go 
 @danarohrabacher do you care to explain sean spicers comments today in regard to recreational marijuana  or are you still hiding out
 @abc lol  i bet the fucker is an unemployed liberal  maybe getting a little paycheck from soros to pay for his weed.
 the trump administration plans to make a federal issue of recreational weed  after all. 
 is marijuana stronger than it used to be heres what the science says.  
 cut back on federal regulations allow marijuana use for combat wounded veterans @realdonaldtrump @loudobbs  @varneyco  @mikepence
 hed probably make more sense if he smoked one.  
 hint of smoke  hint of sweetness 2 for 1 cheers  drinking a kilt lifter by @fourpeaksbrew at @tivegas   
 @mkraju @wolfblitzer trump admin wants federal crack down on marijuana bc it benefits  for profit prison donors. keep them full  profits
 as someone who does not smoke pot  i would just like to say fuck you donald trump  you ignorant piece of shit. 
 paxson is a fucking bum  i can do a better job than this guy and i drink beer and smoke a little tree everyday  
 stick this in your pipe and smoke it  mr. sessions 
 alaska farmers push for hemp legalization  maybe the japanese fishermen could do this and stop killing dolphins
 @bangbanglampley @ratcatchermpls try bloodied next time  that usually weeds out most of the slang use.
 i need a consistent weed man 
 andrea bianka you want some tree  me sure  andrea hands me tree  me who tf did you smoke with 
 having an ex in my neighborhood is cool for the free food  weed but its mad annoying when he be tryna get over me amp cut me off
 so transgender bathrooms is a state issue but recreational marijuana is a federal issue  these idiots are so fucke 
 dude dont need to smoke  no more 
 bro i need a fing weed man in liberty 
 good people dont smoke marijuana.  jeff sessions
 fuck donald trump im moving to australia. yall better have some good weed down there 
 marco marco smoke signals something @cd12josh this is to you
 spicer tried to blame the opioid epidemic on recreational marijuana usage.
 does this mean the feds are going to make weed more recreational 
 states rights 4 republicans only white house to crackdown on recreational marijuana 
 cracking down on arcane marijuana laws and expanding private prisons. what could possibly go wrong
 @thehill opioid use is down in states where medicinal and recreational marijuana are illegal  he doesnt know what hes talking about
 now the administration wants to over rule states rights on recreational marijuana. what happened to limited federal oversight coffeeparty
 prepare for smoke fest pics
 quit driving your buckets to the turf to buy your weed. go buy your weed from the store. the legit way like real bosses.
 white house hints at crackdown on recreational marijuana  
 i really need to smoke some weed legally while i still can.
 white house hints at greater enforcemen of recreational marijuana  wtf is with you guys already
 @veggie64leslie @arealmsmith @ladyreverb but recreational marijuana...thats a federal issue. they are so full of shit.
 @shantellebisson bet @yannickbisson is gonna make a comment about you smoke bombing in that outfit goshowem
 yea i smoke yea i turn up but i keep my priorities in order 
 @justinescalona you smoke
 white house hints at crackdown on recreational marijuana  
 i need a new weed man
 white house hints at greater enforcemen of recreational marijuana  via 
 @alexisrichh im dead serious lol i met her afterwards she tried to smoke with me i was like im good i heard yall convo 15 mins ago
 if the network been hacked how do you hide your weed
 trump administration is taking hard hits at the recreational marijuana industry now too.. wtf dude
 whats next are they going to ban rock and roll music i mean  really cannabis what is this  1950
 a weed cake a shall bake that.
 holy smokes. even as an rsl fan  i might buy this tfc jersey. not for real. its just that slick. 
 @buzzfeednews sates issue cause one size doesnt fit all @betsydevosed  but smoking marijuana in the comfort of my home is a federal issue
 @cnnpolitics sates issue cause one size doesnt fit all @betsydevosed  but smoking marijuana in the comfort of my home is a federal issue
 @nickofferman @tommychong @shaunking jeff states rights sessions coming for our weed
 it will be good for the country to have an answer. theres a lot of smoke  we need to check if theres a fire 
 @gfisher59 @cwindt99 @cnn maybe u need to smoke something
 donald trump vs marijuana   this dude wants to take action against the states that have legalized recreational marijuana trumpregrets
 if granted permit by the state  medgarden says at its peak they would produce 30 000 doses of medical marijuana a month. @6abc
 im uncomfortable with this administration being in favor of civil forfeiture and potentially enforcing federal marijuana laws.
 smh i wish trump would ban recreational marijuana ... id just start trappin again
 i need some weed lol
 comparing recreational marijuana use to the opioid problem is bullshit. night amp fucking day there gop got them dee 
 @oneheavysmoker hey mike writing about a study on smoking behavior. r u a heavy smoker could you talk to me simple qs  thank you so much
 i need to smoke dis shit depressing g
 his girly ass still worried about weed  his ass need to smoke it amp stop crying
 bitch you was talking shit you think they asked to smoke and you wasnt expecting no smoke  tf outta here you a dif 
 white house needs to be more lenient to recreational use of marijuana
 highlights from the national recreational marijuana convention all here got to sample 117 plants amp cannabis products 
 if granted permit by the state  medgarden says at its peak they would produce 30 000 doses of medical marijuana a 
 i need to smoke a fatty..  like 2 grams 1 blunt.
 who tryna smoke that shit
 trump transgender bathrooms states rights  recreation marijuana federal ban. difference pharmaceutical lobbyists. notmypresident
 i really need weed b4 i leave 2 texas but everyone sucks n wont sell me any
 we finna smoke good huh @kingpage23
 oh yes i love her like pussy  money  weed.. pussy money weed  pussy money weed
 @johncleese irony abounds these days. similarly states rights on trans bathroom rights. but weed is apparently something feds need tackle
 they need a uber service for weed
 fuck the @realdonaldtrump  administration. trying to reverse recreational marijuana. focus on the real problems in 
 i just wanna fucking smoke man  like im so fucking irritated... im bouta spazz
 why not smoke before mcdonalds
 niggas be annoying as hell trynna sell that weak ass weed on facebook
 who want smoke bih
 ima buy a rental just to smoke that bitch out..idc
 i just need to smoke a lot of weed right now
 i need a weed man
 im in la and need weed. someone pop out to the penthouse
 smokin weed overlooking the detroit skyline thinking how imma become top villain.   . evil 
 nah forreal i need smoke 
 i sell weed now dm if you need some
 @tweetsbybranden didnt she try to blame it on an overdose of weed or something someone got back in their stash.
 im in need of some weed  
 i need all of the weed
 republicans states rights also republicans were going to enforce federal laws on legal marijuana.
 maybe if we all just smoked pot  especially the president  we could all just relax and get along
 if i share my weed and my food with you   you really mean something cause i swear i wouldnt share those often
 now  if i attempt to talk to this person about medical marijuana  i get accused of being high and smoking weed. asshole
 need a friend who loves j cole and weed as much as me
 plug sleep and i need to smokee
 this shit lit but im tryna smoke in my bed and analyze this new mixtape
 i hate the bigoted  candy asshole  jeff sessions private prison are back  marijuana enforcement amp transgender bat 
 boutta smoke so much ahaha
 trump does a uturn on marijuana  of course  the list of campaign reversals is very long already lyingcrookedtrump 
 @endoracrat trump is going to kill marijuana use. so many need for there terminal cancer pain how cruel can you be 
 @realdonaldtrump ur a fake fuck with ppl that smoke bud... asshole
 white house hints at crackdown on recreational marijuana  
 thisisimportant @whitehouse taking away recreational marijuana use so that the whole country can be equally miserable and unpleasant.
 so states should choose which bathroom you use  but not what you smoke. noted. 
 @krabjohns @cnn @victafur its the best when it catches fire and starts to smoke
 i can already tell imma need to smoke after work today
 if you want small government  maybe dont worry about weed and bathrooms
 yall realize his administration is really putting opioid addiction in the same realm as marijuana right 
 yall realize his administration is really putting opioid addiction in the same realm as recreational marijuana u 
 @agjeffbsessions mr attorney general. no doubt to stop marijuana is bad.we need to stop the recreational use of it.
 makes sense now. well definitely need to crack down on legal pot smokers  forprofit prisons have quotas 
 @realdonaldtrump mr president is time to stop recreational marijuana use. it bad and dangerous..
 @realdonaldtrump youll need someone not connected to the government to find amp weed out the traitors
 i told the skeptics that jeff sessions hates weed smokers but they didnt listen lol
 @wolfgangfaustx @wouterhoetink what an idiot anybody could do her job better than her good people need to get into politics pull the weed
 apparently the kkk had such shitty weed to leave such a big impression on jeff sessions.
 @potus position on recreational marijuana favors a return to unconstitutional prohibition.  when hes wrong  i will criticize his position.
 trump wants to pretend weed is still a problem because it gives his rich white friends an excuse to build more prisons for profit.
 we need a national referendum on marijuana use  medical amp recreational. then we need a vote of confidence on our current regime
 she wakes up early smoke like i dont need her laying down 
 i need some weed
 wtf did homegirl smoke or take this morning  shes on some other shit right now @bmsderek @bmsbilly @bmsnard
 who tryna smoke tho 
 @elzxoxo this is why you need to start smoking with me so you can hide my weed in your   
 @jessevburke @nextadvisor what the hell is this bitch doing. does she think that dying child needs a gallon of booze amp smokes. what the
 jeff sessions is a garbage human who will target pot smokers to fill for profit prisons across the country.
 cannabis business alliance statement federal comments on adult use cannabis 
 transgender bathroom rules should be left to the states  but recreational marijuana use  not so much
 imma drink up  imma smoke some keep it movin  it was nice to know ya. 
 the people who are super against recreational marijuana use are the same ones that probably spazz out and cant handle the loud
 call me the chiefer with this reefer and shit
 if fucking trump ban marijuana thats the last fucking straw  we going at that nigga neck
 some pple really be convinced they smoke lol
 these republicans are so full of shit. weed has nothing to do with the opioid crisis.
 wow . i forgot the weed sis . bet 
 very dumb to inforce federal marijuana ban. way bigger issues to deal with. 
 @rickkaufman1 maybe smoke will buy her a pair 
 i need to smoke 
 @rrddavao youre an idiot of a leader and i refuse to ever travel to your country. if i did i would need lots of weed
  greater enforcement of federal marijuana laws coming spicer
 i may have to delete facebook if my ex keeps promoting his band page. whered you get money for that you used to smoke down all my weed
 pussy  money  weed
 fml its just sitting on the printer and im baked as fuck and real like weed and now i cant tell the teacher
 @pornmarijuana and here he said that he was for cannabis you cant believe anything that donald trump says smh
 standin on tha block amp movin squares like playing tetris. new plug on the smoke  im sellin dope in houston texas 
 @cnn bullshit the only time its in a  alltime high is when you smoking that wacky weed
 sessions finna make having a gram of weed a felony offense n shit. this whole administration gotta be impeached
 sb663 new packages and labels of marijuana or marijuana products children. 
 @cnnbrk and u glue the boxes together.. so it doesnt move..  due to carbon emissions laws.. smoke should not be used.. use cgi...
 i need some more weed tho
 really really trying smoke one 
 i just baffles me that republican leadership is still on this weed shit...
 shoutout to the asshole who just came in with his pants half way down  stuck his head in the door and just blew cigarette smoke in and left.
 shoutout to the asshole who just came in with his pants half way down  stuck his head in the door and just blew cigarette smoke in and left.
 recriminalizing marijuana  rescinding measures to deprivatize prisons...just dont forget who is getting rich here.. 
 republicans need to do less coke and smoked more weed. this is one of the major fundamental issues with america.
 imma quit smoking weed today
 @tonystewart 4 cars in the top 12 wow congrats smoke im in need of a new driver now that youre just the boss can you help me out bud
 i thought we were past recreational cannabis as an issue.
 i need to smoke.
 where recreational marijuana use is concerned  spicer issued a different verdict on socalled states rights during the very same presser.
 jeff sessions says hes gonna crack down on recreational cannabis  then proceeds to show support for private prisons 
 and the civil war begins...mormon and marijuana militia activate  the trump federalists are coming 
 93 percent of americans support medical marijuana use amp 59 percent support legalizing recreational marijuana  according to the poll.
 are recreational marijuana and opioid addiction linked @cnn 
 wish i could smoke cause im aggravated
 if trumps start messing with the weed then im really gone. i need my weed man 
 @dankcreative @theloudbank so much for states rights thought mr. trumps promise during the campaign was to make marijuana legal
 trump wants to take away weed  oh hell no  
 @happeningnow most americans  like trump  favor medical marijuana  not so much recreational use.
 i think a garbageman just tried to sell me weed seeds out the truck 
 boston common reeks of weed. everyone partaking before sessions crackdown  because states rights only exists to laws the gop supports
 @johncdick @jburtonxp took what nobody lost anything. even more egregious recent comments on recreational marijuana
 if you thought california was a rebel state before  try coming for our weed. i fucking dare you. regulators mountup
 need more people to smoke with 
 whatchu need a weed whacker  
 i need food amp more weed  fuck this wrap a lot records convo  more driving less talking
 trump needs to back off enforcing federal cannabis laws  this is a states right issue. cannabis needs to be rescheduled  it is medicine.
 i need weed 
 if your facebook employment says works at the dark carnival then i assume you smoke meth.
 whitehouse hints at crackdown on marijuana lgbtq states rights marijuana federal authority consistency 
 federal gov we need to crackdown on weed. california succession is our only option cpac2017
 @cnn pat mccrory needs to answer the  states rights to have marijuana laws  not federal control.
 my ex tried making me pick between her and weed and that was tha moment i knew she had to go. 
 my mama just asked me what i wanted to eat and i said i dont know i need to smoke  but it was a accident
 we smoke codeine now
 i dont smoke  but i feel like me and my dad could use this lol 
 for severely epileptic texans  cannabis oil will soon be available 
 they doin a firedrill amp room check while people are in class they gon be mad as hell when their weed and alcohol gets confiscated
 like a flower all alone in a field of weeds you dont need to change you just need to be the way you were made is just for me
 shit a latina girl that smokes is sexy
 did you know 2850 last i looked states you can use marijuana medically or outright recreationally about to medicate @michiganscenes 
 me n hannah dont have shit to smoke out of amp she really wanted to use a receipt 
 i hear marijuana helps with stress. maybe look into that... 
 great food here at smoke shack bbq right across the street from daytona international speedway pulled pork with bb 
 @jaydad17 haha seriously hes pissing off alot of marijuana smokers lol
 need to smoke 
 @thefive @ericbolling you say where immigration is concerned we are a country of laws but where marijuana is concerned it does not apply
 @potus give jeff sessions a bone and an atta boy but leave reefer alone marijuana is gods gift to all of us who dont drink liquor back off
 i need to smoke
 @realdonaldtrump mister president why are we messing with the use of recreational use of marijuana again   money and better than alcohol
 riding around in rentals amp smoke. this what i do all day i should just make a snapchat  
 engine 1 has light odor of smoke
 huckabee smokes spice 
 @kimchanel accurate cause i smoke the shit outta hookah
 told my mom i have no money to smoke later she said some i do at the apt we could smoke bet it the fuck up 
 recreational cannabis at risk of federal regulation 
 federal cannabis crackdown could clash with californias recreational marijuana laws 
 jeff sessions marijuana flipflop proves that hes exactly as monstrous as we thought | gq 
 i need to smoke  where my bros when i need them
 it seems that our potus is indecisive concerning whether to allow states to regulate the use of marijuana . like many other federal issues 
 who has bud fr ive hit up everyone and their mom and no ones replying. sell me ur weed
 i need to smoke.
 so discriminating against trans kids is a states rights issue  but recreational weed is for the feds. splain me this.
 that reefer i carry  blew it like madness and king kong even blew these trees down. call that big bud.
 important if you need medical or like recreational marijuana you need to vote no on measure n and yes on measure m. lavote fucktrump
 hide your weed 
 i need to smoke 
 pussy  money  weed
 ive spent almost all of my income tax and bonus on studio equipment and my travels for europe  hehe oh and weed
 @freedomisgreen joins @keatondnichols in thelounge to discuss federal crackdown on marijuana use declaration by se 
 enjoyed touring the wsu school of food science pilot plant today. heres their new smoker. tomorrow  produce safety 
 good shit. bless the weed man with good bud when i go to pick up right before that shit too. 
 we need the taxes there is going to a terrible revolt over president trump striking down the billion dollar california marijuana industry.
 why is everyone tryna fight tonight yall need to mellow out and smoke some weed.  me at a hockey game
 i smoked on the way home one time and tried to hide it
 @blankfacedubs shut upppp u dont smoke that   imma get u do fucked up when u land
 @norfolkspanda sunny maybe you need to send smoke signals im concerned about you findsunny
 i need to smoke.
 17.1 was a smoke session @crossfitgames
 pussy  money  weed. 
 @hoyclaaren we were paranoid to smoke a fuckin joint right there but she can do that i guess
 federal protections for transgenders not ok.  using fed power to go after legalized marijuana ok. trump  asshole 
 you know your barbers the shit when yall go smoke before he cut you up 
 its a growing epidemic that needs to be addressed and taken more seriously. instead of cracking down on recreational marijuana use..
 i just need to smoke another blunt before i fuccin lose it 
 need someone to smoke with
 i need to smoke
 pussy money weed
 i just wanted to smoke and cry about how shitty my day was with you  but youd much rather make excuses.
 @realdonaldtrump you are afraid of real news coverage from @nytimes and @cnn. everyone can see through your smokescreen. freedomofthepress
 just completely smoked a porcupine  sorry little guy 
 omg i need a weed man 
 free smoke is available 
 homeless dude come on guys help out its for a great cause  im buying weed
 i really hope our next president gets the federal weed ban out the door its fucking stupid
  medical use of the cannabis plant is coming to america. the science is here freedom botanical healthyalternative
  medical use of the cannabis plant is coming to america. the science is here freedom botanical healthyalternative
 damn  yo weed man needs to be arrested 
 if you and donald trump believe weed is dangerous  youre a level of stupid i dont sympathize with.
 @sheriffclarke thats why they want to lock up rec weed smokers because they need to fill up their campaign supporters prisons....smh
 i need to do something before i loose my mind and i need to smoke
 we need a william castle gimmick to sell this film ... like free marijuana... bmoviemaniacs
 send me emojis n shit amp ill do em while i smoke
 i dont smoke crack motha fucka i sell it
 damn us californians have it good. weed wise we are very spoiled haha
 @realdonaldtrump dude just smoke a blunt  chill out  and stop pissing half the country off for a day. damn. 
 i got weed tho ..i dont give af about this boy tho
 the guy officer even shined a flashlight right on my backpack where the weed was... just got lucky as shit 
 why doesnt spence just get his ma som weed tho criminalminds
 i need to smoke man
 @gregmexico909 as a working citizen who pays taxes   shouldnt o have tge right to smoke  weed recreational
 my mans want 0 smoke dont blame you tho
 lol how do i buy weed is there a weed store
 i need a weed plug in oak cliff
 i need to smoke
 i got my needs and wants straightened out along with my weed . lmao.
 tell me why this dude tried to sell me weed at the bar ayeeeee
 @bubblesnbooze smoke a blunt by a tree
 just say fuck it  and smoke trees
 maybe its the red bull  the vodka or the weed talking but ive never related to something more in my life 
 i need to a girl who i can show off and smoke with
 have u ever tried to smoke so quietly that u move in slow motion
 @valdezjannete nope... guys like weed and pussy
 if sessions approves of prosecution for weed use  we need to look at collusion with big pharma
 legalizing weed would go a long way toward easing opioid addiction  unlike sessions  and his use of private prisons  to help pharma
 you guys are real winners today you call that news and dictator use that as one of there tactics go back to weediqu 
 the weed man should always be up when im in need. 
 my cramps are on 10  im sad amp i need to smoke like 17 blunts
 trump can try to stop recreational use  but my parents have been smoking weed since the 70s they aint stoppin anytime soon
 the way ricky glares at me after i smoke is priceless. 
 ion need no hoe  i just need a blunt full of smoke
 private prisons thrive again bc republicans and democratics need someplace to imprison citizens of states that have legalized marijuana
 free idea use weed butter as a medium for oil pigments
 i will cut you of so quick. ive had so many shitty people in my life  im quick to weed the bad ones out.
 sean spicer really compared opioid addiction to recreation use of marijuana. what a fucking idiot.
 over here on the golf cart driving around at 10 am listening to pussy  money  weed utterly convinced i have the best job
 smoked to that @thegame 400 bars and tried to recite every word like we still knew it  it was easier when we smoked reg not the loud w dabs
 @qwanababy u smoke midd tho lol
 @potus just needs to smoke a fat ass blunt. hes too stressed right now  and is making shitty decisions for this country.
 yep  turns out that small doses of marijuana can heighten the sexual experience  but chronic use 
 i tried to smoke and im just like nah.
 @realdonaldtrump  the higher you go the harder you fall. you are all smoke and mirrors.  kinda like oz behind the curtain.
 we need federal mj legal reform we have scientifically proof medicinal mj and hemp works but a federal govt more c 
 i mostly use this power to smoke weed and stream shit on my mac 
 @nurseratchet  jeff sessions is so narrow minded towards cannabis. little do anti weed activists know the benefits  it can give us
 yall ever smoke and then burp and smoke still comin out lol
 idk anything about weed so i asked peter if it expired and he was like 
 i need to smoke
 who need weed
 made a pipe with @howlingshoopuf . wouldnt smoke out of it tho 
 @scottpaterno hey man  if you thought rolling back the aca is going to be tough  legal weed is entrenched. sessions does not know his foe.
 reminds me of when brit had to hide the weed in her pussy cause the cops arrested us  
 @seanspicer maybe you should smoke a joint before your next briefing. 10th
 need at least a zip when i smoke 
 still gon smoke tho 
 same trump admin were tired of states allowing recreational marijuana use so we will be enhancing federal enforcement 
 i need to smoke some weed im straight trippin about this pizza and my sister got mnt dew and not coke tf
 concerning marijuana. trump  sessions and the administration are privileged  out of touch assholes.
 im too on my shit to have a weed man as my boyfriend
 fuck no ... i need to get weed before outside start doing wild shit
 @senjeffmerkley @thejusticedept @katyperry @zeldawilliams @sensanders each day passes it is just really shocking and i have to weed through
 jeff sessions marijuana flipflop proves that hes exactly as monstrous as we thought | gq  thanks @senjoemanchin
 why doesnt everyone google cigarettes vs marijuana  then try to make sense of why the government deems one is legal amp the other one is not
 homeless hoe but have weed everyday 
 @jessewelle if anyone votes weed they can hml for being fucking retarted maybe i can beat some sense into them.
 pussy   weed   burger king
 the ban on recreational weed has me pissed off.
 should recreational marijuana be legal
 @wblzsportschica i always need marijuana   because  
 @ridingshotgunla build it in colorado. weed  food  massages
 most republicans oppose federal interference with marijuana legalization 
 whstates shd expect greater enforcement of federal laws on recreational marijuana.ha the donald thinks federal anything is an abomination
 i need to smoke
 @thatkevinsmith @jaymewes im all outta weed bluntman
 jeff sessions marijuana flipflop proves that hes exactly as monstrous as we thought 
 @aorecovery @potus i no longer use morphine  oxycodone xanex  lyrica after 17yrs  use medical marijuana now  feel a lot better amp happy 
 wondering why i tried to smoke all that broccoli. 
 today on what the fuck customer told me that just wait  trump will do good. are you smoking some of that weed republicans want to ban
 @johnwarrender @mousterpiece justice for the smoke monster he was right all along
 @nicolebillings @karahrobertson alec doesnt smoke anymore  just fyi in case youre just coming to smoke
 need your help to break the stigma of medical cannabis @nvbotanical @openvape amp @prankbar @jellybreadlove. go to 
 i need to smoke or something cause i swear im annoyed
 @billwalton @espn can you call the game instead of dreaming about weed
 meat duckin me  i need my smoke back
 i need to smoke
 who needs diamonds when its crystal on reefer
 who needs diamonds when theres crystals on your reefer
 i need a new weed man
 just saw some guys sign at walmart that said  why lie i need weed 
 i need to smoke
 @mike4trump @kimmie99 @dennisl656 @senwarren @trumpsguccigirl @mike52006 @ralphshields313 @homimp1 she smokes too much wacky weed. lol
 @ipoliticsca @kevinolearytv  worst reason ever to keep marijuana illegal if @potus hears it hes sure to use it like he is opioid addiction
 hey guys  i scrubbed the gunk off the bottom of my oven  so now it wont smoke when i bake something. how are your 
 bullshit ass weed 
 @rachelondeck i just realized all i wrote back is yep which makes absolutely no sense in this context i have done some weed tonight  ok
 well apparently @realdonaldtrump is making marijuana illegal everywhere again.. so there for .... fuck you pussy eat shit and die
 i need to smoke 
 yep. tried 2 sound alarm. sessions as us attygen already on it  2014 videotaped saying normal people dont smoke ma 
 pussy pussy pussy marijuana juana i wanna smoke weed every day
 me imma be chill af at the smoke car session.  sucker for pain plays  me i talk to youuuuuuu @asiaheure 
 hmmmmmygawd i need to smoke
 i often talk to myself about greed  why i smoke so much weed and indeed i love my freedom like my unborn seed 
 me rt shit making fun of middle class white trump supports upset about weed restrictions also me upset about weed restrictions
 why do you smoke  cause it helps me stand annoying mf like uuuuu
 @joefreedomlove makes sense  now smoke one.
 hate when i get smoke in my eye tho
 wouldnt the world be much more peaceful is everyone just smoked a lil pot well  maybe for at least 23 hours.... legalizeitdammit
 donya need some weed lmao her ass going crazy
 need a smoke break right about now.
 top flight craig can i at least smoke a black and mild i gotta hit the store right quick and they know
 now @realdonaldtrump is coming after your weed. flipflop 
 really need to smoke
 im convinced yall be lying about yall weed mans being like 2 hours late and shit
 if you think weed should be illegal you are ignorant to science
 all ill leave are smoke rings in the dark
 need some better weed out here 
 donald trump needs to be worked over with a weed wacker
 they tried too smoke my nigga dolph smh
 my dad used to be a major pot head in hs. what are the odds hell smoke with me if i brought up the subject to him 
 feds are going to raid and steal recreational marijuana dispensary money  its coming   trumps shady like that. 
 anyone up i need to smoke 
 fuck tbt to like may i wouldnt gaf where id hide my weed or am
 im going to need someone to smoke with today
 same mad as hell rt @msswashington just now waking from a weed coma 
 i need to smoke i have weed but this nigga is knocked out drunk as b
 smh my boys need to do a better job at hiding their weed pipes they make ... found 2 in the shower busted 
 @alexisrhiannonn because hes a dude that will smoke with you.  lol find some real friends. hes a fucking pussy.
 this is why i smoke ciggs
 6 am smoke sessions 
 @katyperry time for coolio my mom and i fucking love coolio i have to smoke i want you too bad i am having bodily 
 i beg to differ chicks who smoke bogs need love 2 yo 
 god i give you every seedbearing plant genesis 129 republicans lock him up marijuana is a controlled subst 
 @thenoeshow im a truck driver dude. you give me a couple months and i guarantee that i could smoke a few drivers.  nascar is way over rated
 i  need a marijuana respirator
 @ap hey fake news are those marijuana trees. i like afghankush afghoo afghani affi all that shit is good with me trees
 @realdonaldtrump hire me ill figure out a way for marijuana to make money for our country sense we do in debt
 good use for invasive weeds .... 
 real shit just smoked 2 to the face at 5 in the morning wtf
 @cnnbrk tel avivbound flight ua954 lands in houston following a smell of smoke in the cockpit haaretzairport 2017..smokin
 @joingreenrush hire me i smoke weed everyday.
 someone text me that i shorted them on weed so i said bring it back ill swap it out. they said well we smoked out of it lmao wtf
 them niggas always stealing weed
 like where tf is my motha fucking weed i brought yesterday.
 plotting on that dabathon today smoke some with young roddy
 imagine being ok with everything trump said and did up until maybe not letting you buy weed at a store anymore. 
 i jus really need a smoke
 i stop smoking weed and doing drugs when february ends i need to get right
 only hypes do favors for weed  real smokers support their own habits by paying
 did you just smoke another pole @seedanerun because theres still something there  @othergregwolson @rmbrice @argusjohns @cnn
 i need to smoke like 10000 blunts  .
 plant millions of hemp trees i mean trillions of him tree instead of pine trees hemp trees get the facts on hemp 
 yea i smoked.
 so i need someone to smoke with now that i only have one arm to use  whos down to chief
 trump planning crackdown on recreational marijuana  which doesnt do this to your face.  
 just need to smoke away my stress 
 i will next smoke session 
 @abitofcalvin maybe when we start calling it something less ominous than weed.
 @2girls1richard smoke session after work wednesday again 
 jus made a mistake and washed my weed lol glad i was able to shake it bck cuz i woulda been mad
 lol at jeff and smoke daytona500
 i need to smoke a blunt 
 wasting weed is like waisting money to me it gets to me fr 
 @jacknaughton @cnn 56 of respondents did not realize pot referred to marijuana citing a change in slang since reagan was in office.
 47 smokefree days  just like candy and a bolt of lighteninglt3lt3lt3 cute and unique toolt3lt3lt3 
 @nascarfemale are we sure smoke isnt still racing
 @realmasonwatts because i cant smoke they are just pussies
 yea i had a drink  yea i smoked
 got so many smoke sessions set up when i get back to houston 
 my plug actin like a hoe. r u serious. sell me weed nigga
 the @potus and his administration should leave recreational marijuana alone  since recreational alcohol is killing 
 so im sick af today  amp my mom told me i need to smoke some weed so i could feel better 
 lol like wtf man who doesnt smoke weed nowadays 
 also i guarantee tiffany trump smokes weed
 shout out to the homie who just got on the train wearing a suit and tie and reeking of weed. my kind of man
 my knee is fucked but i need to get weed before i go to the hospital
 a little mid day smoke session 
 maybe someone should tell @realdonaldtrump that marijuana would make his hands look yuge makedonalddrumpfagain 
 i deadass need to smoke 
 ima smoke tomorrow tho bc i need a damn break
 when you smoke straight tweak bluntz 
 pussy money weed  its all a nigga need
 during trial the headlines read  did marijuana use make trayvon martin violent  
 check it out. an original frisbee  this one was better cause we  i mean they  could clean weed on it then use it 
 i dont smoke crack motha fucka i sell it
 las vegas recreational marijuana update  recreational marijuana is still not available amp may not be available until the summer of 2017.420
 dawg i got smoked at drill so fucking hard wtf that makes no sense 
 nigga just tried to sell us weed
 bet i got some weed
 who can sell me sticky weed not no dirt weed lol
 its because of him we need weed 
 i need some weed lol
 1 marijuana isnt additive 2 opioids are completely different than marijuana 3 maybe you should actually focus o 
 many trump supporters favor legalized marijuana  maybe a majority
 @tonystewart is finally a daytona 500 champion  awesome. not as a driver but still damn sweet for smoke nascar
 @michaelpfleger @johncusack @cnn   these guys think its 1940 and weed is a gateway..out of touch. lay off my weed..its a damn weed.
 smoking weed making perogis naked
 engine company 67 out at trio in west hempfield for a fundraiser to support a fire victim. 
 at work i need to smoke shit
 need something new in my life like people who know how to have fun and not just smoke
 i need more weed for my hookah
 so hyped for tuesday. all my online orders will come amp up in smoke will restock bluntwraps
 i need some weed 
 12 jus pulled up on us and didnt get any weed or xans off me or my niggas i still got my shit   fuck 12
 eat pussy smoke weed
 smoke weed everyday  not bc im a feen but bc i got that bih so why tf not 
 i need to smoke
 need at least a zip when i smoke.
 i need to smoke 
 who can sell me some marijuana
 i need weed
 i tried to smoke the bowl lmao who am i high 
 i tried to smoke the bowl lmao who am i high 
 ppl who smoke shisha disgust me. smoke weed or cigs yknow real shit. not fake shit. get over yourselves 
 imma smoke this joint then imma break you off
 i.. need.. weed.. keywords need weed. 
 trump going after harmless weed smokers come on trump  get real.
 hell nah. my first love smoked all the time so i think that shit kinda sexy 
 night smoke sessions with my step poppa
 @neromosu i have it but i need to restart my town theres too many weeds and i dont like the layout.
 lemme smoke this took a real quick
 pussy money weed by wayne still hardest song out lol
 needs weeds.
 was really trying to smoke man
 during parade season  new orleans the only city where u can smoke weed infront the police 
 if she didnt smoke pot id be offended 
 guys i need help for a class do you think marijuana should be legal in utah  please comment why or why not
 wondering why none of my weedmen answering but okay lol
 all i can do is smoke this buzz away....
 smoke a little weed but her shit together 
 gonna need some marijuana after this either way
 finer things in life got us stressin fuck greed  all black everything  im rich off weed. 
 i need to smoke
 @mousex11 you still smoke cigs mouse 
 hey guys look i smoke week  im such a badass 
 i need to smoke my anger away
 i need to go to court under the influence of alcohol and weed.
 whos up rn i need someone whos down to smoke your girl needs another hand
 imma smoke this joint then imma break you off
 @benthompson maybe they should go retro with smoke signals....
 no destination just driving stuck in my head in need of some more weed
 we need to weed out anyone that has this behavior 
 need to smoke me a blunt before i start back on this math 
 advocates warn dreamers to lie low as trump ramps up deportation plans  yall get in the weeds...hide from asshole
 advocates warn dreamers to lie low as trump ramps up deportation plans  yall get in the weeds...hide from asshole
 i do hair   sell it   build websites   make edibles   promote   good with cannabis  no limits
 @cnn trump snorts his coke  gives marijuana smokers hell
 bro need to smoke before he go
 good personalities is most of the time premeditated   you could have good conversations with the homeless. smoke 
 ab844 new california marijuana tax fund funding for support system navigation services minimum performance st... 
 sos i need to smoke .
 bruh i need to smoke before i start talkin to people at work
 where is the fucking weed at
 ok cut taxes across the board but make it legal on federal levels of marijuana so funds can be replaced may even dobetter
 thought of the best name for a future restraunt w weed infused dished located right next to a dispensary. woo
 no i need ta smoke  try this monday shit again
 yall need some weed in ya lives.
 random stranger on the bus asked me to sell him weed and said it was because i have dreads
 these bitches aint shit.... and pussy is my greatest vice. i love smoking weed.....i hate advice
 sean spicer thinks we need stricter enforcement for weed...what about the real problems tho
 yall be spending yall last on weed like who tf does that fr fr all you whores are straight stings  broke bummy bitches 
 in reference to the smoke this tweet was 6 days ago. could be still burning. maybe @msforestrycomm or 
 i said i wont spendin money on weed but this stressin me out
 live life  smoke trees
 i need marijuana
 pussy money weed
 i need some more weed
 me when my brother tried to snitch amp asked if i smoke weed in front of my mom in hs. 
 i need someone to smoke this with these are the type of people i need in life
 @cnn straight from an unnamed source. hows the legalized weed working out for cnn producers
 morethan4  for childhoodcancer. weed need innovative pediatric cancer research  
 need a shawty i can smoke w 
 i need to smoke a celebratory blunt asap like rocky
 @nadeshot smoke some maui waui
 all i need is weed
 need to move somewhere where recreational marijuana is legal asap
 can i smoke your asshole im already used to having shit in my lungs
 guys please pray for me the tow truck guy saw our fest bands asked if we smoke and now hes smoking weed and driving us ...
 @postmalone dumped my tray of roaches on this dude at a light. he was stoked. bet i smoke anything but oregon chronic. 
 israel makes it official cannabis is not a crime @cnn 
 need a smoke.
 i just bought weed from the weed store and donald trumps the president.
 im really ab to spazz if ion smoke something soon 
 i need smoke
 she need a second to breathe  we need an actual smoke session
 fuck i need some weed.
 im hungover and i really need a smoke sesh with some pals
 lol one of my employees asked me could he take a break and run to the car  i said you finna go smoke huh he said yeah  i said proceed 
 i love her like pussy money weed 
 i need weed
 keep dreaming eagles fans  that horse shit story made up about landry is all smokescreen to land stills.. mclane got some clicks tho
 yea i had a drink yea i smoked
 i need to smoke lmfao
 lessons in fluid trapping associated with the deformation along a front. smoke plumes being consolidated and concen 
 then a nigga just asked me do i know somebody that sell weed 
 this manager fr thinks i smoke weed when im at work 
 your wcw a weed head. you can do better
 itd deadass be easier for me to buy a pound of weed than a carton of cigarettes lmao this some ol bullshit
 the names the weed men tell u  im suppose to smoking mardi gras cookies  shit good af tho real 
 theres a girl on the subway wearing weed socks... i am sad for her 
 third time being sick since december maybe i need to smoke again this is bs
 lmao. i bet he smokes pot to  that would make him a classic beech boi
 weed  talkin shit  hardcore  good food  weed 
 first of all that doesnt need to be smoked it need to be in a museum or something. second  why you got enough time 
 unlikelyamendments  the right of the people to keep and smoke weed shall not be infringed
 when da weed man mobile amp he bringing u woods  issa lifesaver
 high schoolers hitting me up asking if i need a plug for weed lolllll
 wtf   i wouldnt smoke that  
 since @realdonaldtrump is stressed out im going to smoke some weed in honor of him and jeff sessions maga maybeheneedstosmokeandchillout
 its like nobody sells weed on the west side
 only weed tho lmao 
 what more evidence do we need that this dullard potus does nothing but blow smoke to obscure his total 
 i smoke good shit
 i responded to someone on offerup who was tryna buy a painting and they responded with their weed delivery service lol...
 if i get irritated shit imma just catch the bus to detroit just to smoke lol
 dude just got busted outside my job for having 80 100 counterfeits  crack  and weed 
 i need a fuckin plug in chesapeake what yall dont smoke weed out here
 all i really need is my weed 
 you smoke that shit its gone take you straight to hell 
 like naw frfr deadass smoked
 i need to smoke
 will eat pussy for weed
 imma smoke it off
 i need to smoke
 smoke weed  get pussy  make money
 i need to smoke 
 i need some good smoke 
  i would sell my kidney for some weed right now
 need a weed man
 my bestfriend just asked me to come outside and smoke a blunt the hell
 lone smoke tho
 i mean the escalade and audi look good but your house needs tlc. mildew on siding. weeds in flower bed. damn. got me on one now.
 just need to smoke a bluntttt havent hit a blunt in monthssss i need datt
 need someone that is down to smoke and fuck whenever 
 smokin weed running lights bih im tommy bunz
 they was just vibing have a smoke session 
 need weed
 i asked my uncle if he smoke crack he talm bout some yea dat way
 im loaded. i think its because we got higher because we smoked at a higher altitude  same  witchyo high ass mf headass
 imma still goin to smoke
 i be happy as hell when im finna smoke
 really im really im me smoke an oz with yaa bitch in reach ..
 so says my daughter re news value. i still like reading them though. after use for mulching garden amp weed control 
 i need a smoke fr ganja
 i need to smoke more bc the stress and anxiety is really not helping
 lmao that weed will have you doing some bold shit
 if you need weed call cdog at 205 7199145 or5359734 
 i think i need to smoke 
 im bored i need someone to smoke with
 i think i need to smoke more to go to sleep 
 so tired of being weed  real shit
 i need to roll up and smoke up
 i just need to smoke
 yall i feel so cool because i did weed. did weed  im such a fucking loser. jesus christ.
 the dark strip under the clouds is actually smoke from the east something is on fiya fire morning commute 
 joe lachance  the weed guy is heading to hartford to fight for recreational weed in ct. not blowin smoke here 
 i dead may have to smoke after this exam. 
 .@foxandfriends can you talk about something true  like how marijuana isnt dangerous  so your puppet trump sees it and starts believing it
 this fuckin weed vape is savin my life  
 updated muslim ban eo ben carson immigrant comment gop ahca wikileaks cia 1000s of pages  all smokescreens for trumprussia
 @funder updated muslim ban eo ben carson immigrant comment gop ahca wikileaks cia 1000s of pages  all smokescreens for trumprussia
 need something to fill in so that weeds dont take over  try perrywinkle in your landscape.  
 @celebrityhottub federal legalization of marijuana would make sports that much better for players and fans.
 @realdonaldtrump your healthcare bill is still obamacare rewritten smoke n mirrors .. i am not stupid repeal means remove  not a fan donald
 my weed man full of shit 
 @thevanessablake still myfffd got me so guazimoto  my cryptic cant cyphened. weeee need some weed and a taste 
 @dcexaminer so the demcract leadership is really saying we mucked everthing up and well just hide in the weeds and blame it on the gop
 man shout out to my weed man
 i asked @xosienaox for paper amp she said to smoke siena really
 equinoxs commit to something campaign suggests growing a  whole bunch of weed 
 legislative committee in connecticut hears bill to legalize recreational marijuana. 3 powerful women lawmakers2 ds  1 rtestify in support.
 yea im both yea i had a drink yea i smoked yea you think i need you but i dont
 maybe i smoke too much but fuc it
 maybe you should just smoke one...
 @nolimitmingo smoke that shit
 fuck vice  i smoke dem bluntz 
 maybe i need to start smoking because it seems like people who smoke have the most patience
 i dont smell smoke tho lol
 @cnnbrk weed out the elderly  poor  sick and disabled and soon there will be less cost for healthcare. smart
 so since weed decriminalized does that mean we can travel wit it on the plane now i mean i been doing that just curious
 fuck react though... like if im at a festival why should i have to run into the crowd and hide to smoke my joint
 my baby father would smoke me and my husband  and spank our son if we tried that shit.
 who needs a diamond ring when theres crystals in your reefer.
 my boss is chill af. hell he will smoke with you.
 @nickofferman as a baseball fan and pipe smoker i need to know where that hat is from please. and thank you.
 might as well have asked her if she wanted to smoke lmao 
 the only man i need in my life is the weed man
 pussy money weed we call it daily conversation
 i need to smoke
 will eat pussy for weed 
 yea im boff yea i had a drink  yea i smoked   yea  you think i need you but i dont.
 i need weed in soho help 
 fuck that butane shit too. use a hemp wick. its pure
 i am overwhelmed to not be able to smoke weed but i need a tolerance break like no other right now
 offended they dont sell tampons at this smoke shop
 imma thug nigga ion smoke hookah
 i need some weed
 @mikeljollett @halliejackson because he doesnt have any information. its a smoke screen. its bullshit. just say that  spicer..
 some bullshit at work today i need a pack of smokes
 you dont smoke tho  
 lol i need to be your new weed man 
 but first imma smoke
 i hope the odor of marijuana coming out my beamer smacked you in the face cause you cant do shit pussy.
 need a smoke sesh
 @shanegoldmacher just imagine in the era of legal recreational marijuana....
 @ianborbolla @politicsnprep if the other phases are just a smoke screen  then its right to criticize right now.
 i need to smoke
 i have such a migraine  and the guy behind me in class wreaks of weed and its making it ten times worse 
 thinking about having a girls smoke session while im there.. thoughts detroit
 randomly met another weed dealer who sells better shit for a lower price  whilewaitingforyourtextback
 need to find a weed man asap 
 a podcast where comedians talk about life and then smoke some pcp and burn down the turkish embassy as vengeance for the armenian genocide
 nah pnb rock really smoked misunderstood 
 this dude really tried to sell me weed just to show me his nudes and invite me to take pics of him for money and i just wanna fight
 my nana just called me to ask if i smoke 
 hey maybe dont walk around @disneyland and smoke 1. its against the rules and 2. your disgusting habits are annoying to everyone
 councilwoman ranallirussell i smoke and i tried vaping and it did not work for me.  she may be only smoker on council.
 cleanlinesshygiene  weed  dariaportlandia  weed  also weed 
 980 to pass cbd oil. long overdue. next step is medical marijuana  but the rs in legislature dont have the commo 
 i need the smokes
 @jbenavente yea  i be smoked out sometimes lol
 @wolfroldan pussy money weed rahh rahh  i give ya dat bro you snapped . its just da beginning
 some dude just bummed a smoke off me and used my lighter and i thanked him when he handed it back mildlyinteresting
 @emmaloujustice whatever my sister smokes got me feelin some typa way 
 i need some weed
 holy. smokes. we need to protectourcare 
 the smoke is all from the libertards who are smoking cause president donald trump just burnt all your asses. you al 
 need the weed oil cartridge plug in nyc
 fucking smoke fest tbh im going forsure 
 imma smoke one
  weed keeps me sane
 if i fwu hard  an i smoke you up or sumn  i dont need nun back. i aint countin favors for my ppls.
 we just sittin here trying to win  try not to sin high off weed and lots of gin so much smoke need oxygen
 i need to smoke.....
 either sex or weed is what i need ..
 need a lady to smoke with fr
 @malaynee123 concerned over someone she doesnt know  i know a few people who said weed didnt affect their pregnancy but hey shes the expert
 @dpdoc511 do i gotta smoke something for this to make sense
 drove around to smoke and completely forgot to stop at  fuckin wawa im pissed 
 sos need weed in orlando
 @jucosalamanca nah they use it to grow weed probably
 hide the weed 
 dear @potus   please add hearne  hempstead  and dallas to the travel ban. your pal  @roybragg
 woo time to smoke amp eat
 dont really smoke but the shit thats going on in my head i need a fat ass blunt 
 this weed tho 
 really just need to smoke 
 im going back too drinking  weed shit over with 
 ion smoke tho
 yea i had a drink  yea i smoked     i dont usually do this less im drunk or im high but im both right now  whereismorelifedrakefuck
 these weedman be pissing me tf off
 i need weed
 @kellyannepolls the hyde amend. is all has always been a smokescreen. federal and state dollars to pp.  the money is fungible.
 i never read comments  much less on the av club but i made an exception for those nerds arguing over whether weed is harmful and dangerous.
 people who use weed n nail art are wasteful
 took a hitta dat weed got me feelin like myself again
  i need medical marijuana for my diabetes
 i need someone smart  successful  smokes  and works out
 i need to smoke 
 i need to quit smoking cause im already lowkey slow weed just make me act slower  idek if that make sense
 percocets adderall ecstasy pussy money weed faded for a week i dont sleep fuck my enemies
 we need an actual smoke break
 i still need to pick up the peach palette and the naked smokey palette im abt to kms 
 shit  you smoke 
 my neighbors with the smoke need to wake tf up
 lmao the feds really out here tryna sell weed on twitter 
 left work to smoke real quick and i got shitted on by a bird smh
 i love getting tree tree smoke kush get head by keke
 hipsteryankeecandlescents dank ass weed amp bullshit
 i need butane but no smoke shop is open
 well  fuck that shit  whatever you need  yo  i got it whether its money or some weed or puttin in work  fuck it  then im ridin
 hipsteryankeecandlescents.                     wet rat with a hint of smoke.
 respiratory infections from indooroutdoor air pollution amp secondhand smoke exposure led to 570 000 deaths of children under age 5 each year
 wish i had a pipe to smoke my shit in...
 as i wake n bake id like to acknowledge mary marijuana who has been amazing to me over many decades.much love on internationalwomensday
 @katieewilds @jmanis33 wtf monday i got hit on by a crack head  yesterday this guy asked me for weed. do i look like im on drugs at work 
 need more weed to proceed
 i had good grades cause i use to sell my teachers weed lud foe
 i need to smoke 
 i need to smoke
 if you outchea shoving weed up your ass to get higher you just need to quit ...... put the weed the fuck down 
 @kathbarbadoro awww yeah notorious lover... of weed 
 super star shit  sellin smokers that wet shit  right out the jar shit
 so i need weed ...
 we are in love with these japanese incense  with less smoke than your typical incense and 
 i know the smoke bih 
 owe my mom 100 for my international phone bill and now another 50 for the weed she bought us 
 tim kaines son arrested smoke bombing pro trump rallypathetic sore losing family trump  maga  vault7  internationalwomensday
 honestly i never been a big fan of smoking weed or fucking with other shit  its annoying how little as kids are so hooked
 my boss just told me i need to smoke more pot  but what he doesnt understand is i just need to stop smoking il pot amp gtfo of here. 
 lol yea....coming from the guy who smokes woods 
 if you blame marijuana for your stupid mistakes  then you are ignorant.
 uniform. please dont wake heem up. im a need a smoke break after this.  steakcuts 
 imma stuck up smoker lmao
 absent major financialeconomic reform  civil rights is a smokescreen and deflection. dnc thinks we are easily fo 
 we think weve pinpointed the smoke. its faint  but becoming more pronounced. 
 i need some smoke
 i need to smoke
 does @potus genuinely think he can throw thick enough smokescreens to distract investigations on his ties w his bf putin theresistance
 i need some fresh air   goes out and smokes a boag
 really tho i am alot happier when i smoke weed
 but honestly... fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck that  i need to smoke.
 need to smoke
 @producedbyreid lol i aint say bam tho ... i use the hemp joints ... still papers n font
 when i start stressin i smoke cuz im really too young to be feelin this old
 1 legalize weed 2 sell it in every bodega in new york city 3 tax the hell out of it 4 build the second avenue subway  where is the flaw
 i might go sell my ds to buy weed. im fucking screaming
 also i just realized im wearing a shirt that says smoke the best cannabis. im sitting in a rehab rn
 @mreyp123 another reason why weed needs to be legalized
 @marisakatlyn you cant blame the guy james is a smoke show
 yea we all smoke together  
 gas amp weed are the only things you need to make the day go right
 this weed shit might get cut off for a lil.
 e told me imma diesel fein i smoke 93
 yup trump is literally watering the weeds of antisemitism all around the globe.thanks for caring amp posting michael  
 new love and hiphop epsiode got me tight rite now. pause plus my weed dealer shorted me my 8th. smh  
 i need the weed you smokin 
 i dont even smoke  but man i need a blunt or something.
 currently on youtube looking how to use a weed pipe . im so fucking lame sometimes.
 wtf i need to smoke
 man this bitch really tryna weed her way back in
 smoke a little weed but her shit together
 right way to do weed
 i need to smoke
 this weed pretty bomb but i need some new loud and smoking buddies.
 joshwoah woah you need to chill ouuuut babe what tf made you so mad o you need to smoke puts pipe to my mouth as he lights it hit it
 i need to smoke asappp
 i fuck around love new orleans. i couldnt live her tho yall weed bogus as hell on folksnem
 money also needs to be spent on some weed killer... laugh. im so waiting for any monetary amount so i can grow tha 
 great piece  feat. @cannagenomics the science of weed. why that maui wowie doesnt hit you the same way every time 
 what i need some bomb head amp a bag of weed.. 6 hours on the road til my next blunt..
 i need some smoke 
 hey @thisismadeindc chk out maybe the first cannabis madeindc collab. 3 women owned biz so to @snoopdogg 
 at this point..... after i smoke imma be done for the day 
 fr tho like honestly theres so much more to life like smoking weed 
 finna smoke a cig yall need one
 baltimore niggas funny as fuck dude tried to sell me weed then mid sentence said oh nah i aint got none then was like yo he undercover
 and stop trying to sell people weed you fucking idiot
 ugh i need some weed. 
 @averagejalen75  parents know he smokes now   cluck stillbbw 
 pussy money weed rarr rarr  
 i dont smoke that bullshit  i give that shit back to that bull 
 i need a weed   tattoo   amp piercing person asap
 ummmm...really  maybe you should allow stem cell research and cannabis therapies  other things you stupidly ban 
 free smoke  is available 
 i get fucking told to stop drama because i defend myself im fucking done  easy way to weed out who to keep in my life.
 aclu is an abomination to its roots and needs to removed like a weed pulled from our garden. 
 my demons too violent to manage. @ dans vape amp smoke 
 poppin xans amp smokin weed all night
 i need to smoke 
  these r not emojis bud  but hm someone doesnt know how to text back  but u cute and a smoke sesh is def gon happen
 i need a damn weedman on the south 
 maybe its the marijuana lol 
 i need to smoke before i kill someone 
  boi champ looking smoked out like shit lol 
 give me loyalty  good d  a good personalitysense of humor  weed and food and im happy lol
 @govmalloyoffice connecticut doesnt need another casino or recreational marijuana. hartford
 dont vape smoke meth@fronz1lla  shit dood u rite
 the warmest corners of hell are reserved for people that smoke in rental cars.
 pussy  money  weed  codineee
 i need to smoke
 tell that nigga use a grinder for that weed uh huh 
 charge of wiretapping is more smoke and mirrors.
 i love the fact that i can just go on weedmaps amp have tree delivered to the brib.
 if you fucking me and your bf smoke cigs imma snitch
 lol thug smoke mids im convinced. prolly dont know the difference in strains. 
 pussy. money. weed.
 just got off work amp was gonna call some friends to see if anyone wanted to smoke then i realized i dont have any friends. 
 i need weed
 xans and smokesdamn friday me please wtf
 the night i need it the most and i run out of weed.. wtf....
 i need to smoke
 @daedoe good shit. but weed a make that shit shed off so quick
 thats why i need me a shawty who smokes.. you can talk about anything high aab 
 no marijuana consumption 
 i literally just want peace  happiness  good weed  amp someone to invest my time in that reciprocates the same effort back. 2017goals
 ugh i just need to smoke a joint rn
 my roommates really be arguing like fr and beefin  they dont wan no smoke with me tho
 i need to smoke
 @jcrkillsit want me to smoke even though i turn into a zombie... yea makes sense. have a better chance having a conversation w a can of soup
 hillside cop  did you smoke it smells like weed here  me  yea bro just look at my eyes theyre cashed as hell
 need a smoke break
 free weed get me higher
 armed and dangerous  aint too many can bang with us straight up weed no angel dust  label us notorious thug ass niggas that love to bust 
 got a weed farm and shit... forgot to buy an office so now i need another million... fuck you gta
 @harleyxs03 @mariannlisle oh man that sure is an awesome bike bet itll smoke the tires and is real fast id love to have it
 basically right now i need to bundle myself up to step outside to smoke a cig i need one bad
 @doroteahoffmeis i can help in any relationship and help you weed out bad people fast.   if someone does not put in effort they are a waste
 millions 5.4 gettysburg lex loud donald trump my president is black  money weed blow lolli lolli its my areoplane make you feel better
 all this reading for english class giving me a headache i need a smoke break
 i hate not having weed  i need to start copping more at a time 
 man them fucking packages be so loud  they weed man legit..
 i just burnt my finger tryna smoke in the dark 
 another reminder to help weed out fake news stop fakenews 
 so to my weed man
 tried so hard to not smoke lol lasted for a good 3 days def need a wake n bake
 bury me in smoke
 mizzou weed science is hiring iso motivated person to help manage field trials. details at   search for job id 22578
 i need to chill out and start saving my money lmao i be blowin my shit on weed and food on a daily basis
 @darzlikew0ah shiiiiit. smoke before bed.
  sheep could use a throat lozenge  goat smoker
 walk me downs and liquid marijuanas really be having me fucked up i stsy drunk off them shits
 i need to smoke amp clear my head
 i had this reminder on my phone not to smoke for like a year 
 man i need a weed man
 i need to smoke 
 im convinced zhiere smokes wet.
 whoa  i just found out that my real doctor is promedical marijuana. its called science people. science.
 wake and bake  breakfast amp weed.
 and i just realized that weed is legal here 
 armed and dangerous aint too many can bang with us straight up weed no angel dust label us notorious rip biggie
 need to smoke some weed 
 armed and dangerous  aint too many can bag with us straight up weed no angle dust  label us notorious  ripbiggie
 happening now ag kilmartin speaking out against legalization of recreational marijuana @abc6 
 i need one of these for my weed  dawg. very player. 
 lol so is it 230 yet i need to smoke 
 miq  1999 ruby  meet smokey.  casselman bog fire  nice curds there. neutral salt. the messiah was what he asked. already did bible toss.
 okay so diss nigga approach me at kroger said he sold weed im like bet let me cop one
 hemp cbd oil is one of the pros of marijuana i have right shoulder pains ampit helps so much. also it does not get you high relax legalizeit
 all i need is weed this powerful 
 use to smoke og but now i smoke cookie u dunno how that shit feel.
 just realized rhode island sen. josh millers bill to regulate amp tax recreational marijuana is s. 420. got a chuckl 
 @jonathanhaley5 you really think i have a shit about the gun control part i was just talking about the weed when i retweet that lol
 police raiding cannabis culture on bank st. in ottawa. reports other store locations raided in vancouver amp toronto 
 i need something to do at work  holy smokes
 if youre going to smoke before you fly please take a shower after. stop coming on the plane smelling homeless 
 @angelia007 i have some really nice cubs fans i follow from cubs twitter i weeded out the assholes
 need a smoke break
 hey can you give me dollar amount me  ummm didnt you smoke yesterday people need to seriously prioritize amp move around
 my sci fi teacher just asked what the current slang is for weed. what. a. guy.
 yall my weed man just tried to convince me he didnt have a girlfriend and then i proved he did and he mad at me now 
 welp hamiltons cannabis culture just got raided
 @chrisqo @redskinverified lol imma just smoke and ask the skins to light it up 4 me
 i need someone to smoke with out here 
  cannabis culture raided across canada  
 anne frankin it  present participle. annefrankinit  to hide and smoke the weed like a little bitch
 you dont need the weed. you need to read.
 @shampoovta i see sessions as endorsing marijuana with his attack. xdlol its like revers psychology.
 marc and jodie emery  along with many others sit in jail today as canadas senseless war on cannabis continues. 
 i need to smoke a blunt
  cannabis culture raided across canada  
 my biggest dream is to smoke an o with rihanna @rihanna
 cryptic warnings from the trump administration shake recreational marijuana industry  
 while i believe in making it available for recreational use  i do agree that some are helped by the pure marijuana 
 looking for the weed tho
 i cant be on twitter..its like weed. i like it but..too much of that..not good for me.    real shit jay z lol
 good food   good weed   and good cartoons is all i need 
 @helmandc need a gif of blue smoke coming out of the star when this thing goes down
 hb 1186 creates a system to tax cannabis in md if its legalized excise amp sales taxes wld be used to fund community schools  other items
 just so were clear  weed during pregnancy doesnt harm the baby. but that shit was funny as hell
 i need to smoke .. like right now
 i need to smoke lol
 i need to pass a drug test but i smoked the night you puked on that tree what friend
 need weed or an edible help
 i love doing construction and work n stuff but honestly if i could id get into the industrial weed buzz shits about to boom
 if you got a po an you know they watch yo shit . its clear as day you shouldnt be advertising weed on yo facebook tryna make a hit goofy
 @xoxalee foreals or take some chips or something gt.lt i was like hella hungry lol i was eating weed nah jk
 i need a smoke and im too lazy to go buy any.
 travel joint ceo will discuss public consumption of cannabis in nevada. live link.  
 a tree near the library just started emitting smoke out of nowhere what the fuck were confused
 to advance to a corner office  hire well youll need to be less in the weeds  more visionary. befearless @diversityil womens conf
 lean was cool but shit i smoke enough weed to not need to drink it.
 same with xans  good to sleep off but i be high enough off weed to not use that either.
 when i use to smoke  
 yea i had a drink yea i smoke sarah
 i need to smoke
  when the weed so good ya start narrating a story lol @sethrogen @thatkevinsmith @imtooeffinghigh
 armed and dangerous  aint to many can hang with us  straight up weed  no angel dust  label us notorious ripbig 
 who trynna give my boy some dancing lessons  hell smoke you out for every lesson lmao 
 ryerson and the federal government have something in common today both cracking down on reefer. usports final8hfx
 i need to smoke i need to get out this car
 chef olsen with this evenings dining pleasure... cherry wood smoked prime rib  10oz cut amp a glass of house cab 30 
 aint nobody in alabama fucking with my weed man. fr 
 all these nggas wearing fake jewelry   man that shit blurry   look like smoke amp mirrors
 i need to smoke 
 i need to smoke 
 @realrawwdawg anyone who compares weed to oxy or dope is a fucking asshole.... believe me ive been there.... its  a living hell...
 @pupleo i need to get one or something can i just go buy weed yet
 smoke weed to get high  not fit in. real shit
 i really need new smoke buddies
 smoke weed to get high  not fit in. real shit.
 @tomcoates @realdonaldtrump   a smokescreen to distract the people while attempting to disarm america and give open access to terrorists.
 my mom is a constant reminder of why i smoke
 i need someone to smoke with me  
 when the weed all stuck together n shit 
