 i deadass wanna know how they smoke  
 so lets all smoke weed  say fuck satan and get on with life.
 i wanna smoke a blunt w @campkevin
 @dbrooooo i know i wanna smoke so bad but i got till july  then im back big smoke
 i dont wanna work anymore i just wanna smoke hella weed and kick it with the hommies
 we gone smoke a blunt lets get high
 bout to smoke a bowl
 dont know if i wanna smoke before class or after the gym
 im so ready to get back to houston. the sun. the food. the weed. my friends. my family. the weed.
 @litastyles cannabis. instead of smoking a whole blunt  take two baby hits  it relaxes ur nerves  smoke too much  it increases ur anxiety
 if your bio says i smoke hella loud dont fuckin associate with me lol
 we can smoke girl if you wanna
 serve ya granny if she wanna smoke
 i just wanna ride in my ride wit the top down...and smoke weed wit my niggas
 boah as soon as you quit you be lonely asf bc thats all mfs wanna do is smoke 
 i havent ate all day but i promised him i would eat. sooooo eat   shower   smoke   sleep in that order 
 all she wanna do is smoke and party 
 gonna roll 23 up and smoke
 yo i love @snoopdogg i wanna see him in concert amp potentially smoke a blunt together 
 i dont wanna smoke alone but i also dont have anyone to smoke with me so 
 function for my bday  or fat smokeout in the trap
 wanna smoke some bud 
 light a cigarette so he dont smell the weed  if he asks me to blow im gonna tell his punk ass to take me to jail 
 @fetalmistake @stephgraves and yet she smokes newports and weed while pregnant. she could give a shit less what her kids ingest.
 if you turn into a zombie im gonna smoke your kush bro
 fuck it  im getting weed 
 probation aint make me wanna do nothing but smoke even worst
 when i get of probation im gone smoke a pound of the best smoke
 everybodys fighting to get to the top but me  i just wanna smoke and chill man.
 i just wanna smoke my weed brotha.
 @summerprather smoke eat sleep repeat
 i get hype when my mom leaves me home alone because then i can smoke while i make food 
 finna lay back smoke a blunt watch shameless.
 i just smoke a blunt with yo gf
 if i smoke this blunt boy im gon forget you 
 i wanna smoke 
 i just wanna sit in the tub and smoke a blunt 
 tomorrow is my last day in pdx and im gonna cry. im gonna hang with my friend james daniel and eat tons of homegrown smoker.
 i be tryna smoke then lay up wit somebody daughter 
 you tellin me not to smoke makes me wanna spark up
 i wan smoke
 i just wanna smoke 
 all i do is shit  smoke  eat  and record
 toyotaofboerne is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 cant sleep  im blazed.. but i could use a smoke sesh whos down
 all i smoke is ls
 that feeling when you wanna smoke but dont feel like rolling 
 almost got arrested for weed n this mf gon ask ay bro you bout no go smoke no 
 reps are hot garbage  libs are hot garbage and weed  dems are basic bitches. look for candidates with a functional conscience. extra
 cant wait for tomorrow to end so i can smoke a cigarette.
 kinda wanna smoke some more but ion got anymore weed 
 could have smoke but i just decided to come home
 gonna go smoke a bowl brb
 @guyendorekaiser lame as fuck. go smoke another bowl. your bong is lonely.
 i was gonna burn the rest of this spliff  but i might as well wait so ion smoke alone 
 already got excision tix  bout to get my ganja tix  and then to figure out which festival i wanna do this year...
 fuck i wanna smoke but thats no good
 about to just go smoke a blunt at the view w andy for his bday
 i just wanna smoke dope  get money i just wanna get money  smoke dopeee
 hannah you wanna smoke and get really high me grabs her boob that sounds like the breast idea ever
 guess nobody tryna smoke this blunt with me
 i wanna smoke so bad
 whos tryna smoke a blunt rn
 woke up just to smoke a blunt
 @jennbabyyx3 smoke one 
 @raeesthefilm @iamsrk raeesagain for the battery saala dialoque and srk coming out of smoke seen
 @jennbabyyx3 then let the weed do its thing
 my granny is one of the best. she game me weed an said roll up bc i know you gonna need it for tomorrow.
 @fullcxrcle i guess nobody was tryna smoke a blunt
 hopefully once i smoke i can go right to sleep.
 eats only pizza  cheese burgers  and weed for four days why the fuck am i breaking out.
 about to smoke this l amp take my ass to bed im mutha fuckin tieed geee
 cant wait to go home and smoke this fatty
 naw weed make me tip 
 i smoked my last bowl to help me sleep but im still awake
 boutta just smoke a blunt in my room
 today i convinced my mom to try medical cannabis instead of her pharma meds for her chronic insomnia. soproud
 fuck i wanna smoke a blunt and got no wraps and my lazy ass aint tryna mob 
 gonna smoke a bowl amp eat  sushi n call it a night
 i really wanna have a smoke sesh w @sheslulu and @jenny69 
 gonna smoke a blunt in honor of the first day of black history month 
 i just wanna smoke and talk
 i wanna smoke amp have high sex
 cant sleep fuck it time to smoke sum more
 i gotta smoke a blunt to the face bc i woke up out my sleep smh
 im boutta smoke a blunt in my room.
 quick smoke   back to bed
 just wanna smoke and tap out
 i get paid to drive  nap  smoke blacks  and eat snacks. 
 to smoke a keef bowl b4 bed or just to go to bed now since im already laying down 
 im gonna smoke a fat blunt to the face gosh darnit
 wanna smoke but cant find the lighter or strength to get up
 who wanna smoke when im outta work
 dont get it twisted nigga.. ill smoke this blunt and forget all about you
 new menu item alert whitefish salad sandwich dibs smoked whitefish salad  scallion cream 
 let me go smoke
 off work finna smoke good
 i smoke a blunt in the morning and then i smoke a blunt after that
 i just wanna smoke a fat ass blunt 
 oh yea i cant wait to see who got undercover smoke 
 first order of business when i move in to my apartment is to finally use the bath bombs lara got me and smoke a blunt simultaneously
 really just trying to smoke a blunt and eat breakfast
 kinda wanna throw up kinda wanna smoke a blunt 
 if smoke this blunt girl im gonna forget you
 i tried to nap yesterday but mari walked in my room cuttin on lights amp shit talkin bout some get up lets go smoke amp go to the cafe
 who tryn get pulled up on smoke sumn or give me liquor  idc how not 12pm it is.
 g. smoke it and be nicer to your peers that day
 when u smoke at home and have to run through the living room w ferbreze
 ok everyone a bit of a rough start to 2017 but roll up the rim is back and weeds gonna be legal in like 3 months so 
 when u really wanna smoke but you think u might have strep 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 ready for this meeting to be over so i can smoke and finally go to bed 
 someones smoke a blunt with me
 youre just gonna smoke all day and post hella snaps  
 joints are easier to smoke alone
 im the type to call when you wanna smoke a fatty
 finding a nice size nug of weed in my sweater at work  cool 
 work smoke sleep work smoke sleep work smoke sleep work smoke work smoke maybe sleep
 cant wait to go home  eat my toaster strudels and smoke my trees in peace
 so hungry but no weed sooooo prolly gonna never eat
 im thinking about the blunt imma smoke when i get homee
 im tryna smoke a 24 k joint
 just wanna smoke blunts and watch shameless.
 they gonna make weed more illegal than blow lmao
 i wake up... smoke this blunt... go to work... to make a buck... 
 i really have to get some batteries for both my smoke alarms this chirping is gonna drive me insane
 i wanna smoke a blunt with @barackobama
 so time i jus want to be alone just me n all the weed i can smoke
 my coworker is upset that i dont like him back but all he does is wake up at 12  go to work at 5  amp stay up all night to smokedrink
 really need to smoke and get myself together. really need to go back to sleep
 how you gonna smoke and live life broke
 i cant wait to smoke a fucking l 
 i wanna go to amsterdam amp smoke unlimited amounts of blunts
 nigga said you look like you wanna run  ill smoke yo ass
 all i do is smoke ls
 nigga might just go to the lake  smoke a blunt and have a picnic for myself . lol
 good flavor  but dry ribs and turkey at blackland smokehouse in roscoe. decent brisket too. 
 she just wanna chill drink smoke fuck girlsthesedays
 whos tryna smoke some bowls rn   on me 
 im upset im not gonna smoke today 
 anybody else having a rough day lets smoke a blunt and forget about it
 anybody wanna smoke  dub for dub
 taylors a weedhead
 sleep smoke eat sleep smoke sleep repeat
 yall some straight dick riders  i wanna go see mozzy at the mall i wanna go smoke with mozzy that fool dfwu
 you should be allowed to drop kick anyone who smokes on the subway.
 you fuck around you fuck around you fuck around and get smoked 
 really wanna smoke a blunt but im way too lazy to roll it 
 fucking smokey wanna be ass from friday  
 i hit you up to smoke and you dont wanna  
 its day 3 amp frankly i want to smoke a blunt or 2 
 i wanna smoke and cuddle w you while listening to kali uchis at 3am
 so sad i cant smoke in my room anymore 
 im just gonna take a few shots  smoke a blunt  and study for my exams like a good person would.
 who wanna smoke
 trying wait to smoke so i wont go to sleep early
 someone smoke this blunt w me lol
 shower   smoke   eat   back to sleep.
 well i was gonna go outside on my break for a smoke sesh  but it looks like its about to drop buckets of rain
 im up in northglennthornton   anybody tryna smoke and kick it
 jus wanna smoke n goto chick fil a
 this girl said for my birthday i wanna smoke 29 blunts 
 this girl said  for my birthday i wanna smoke 19 blunts 
 @loganash80 lay off the marijuana  king wavy
 bri asked me if i wanna smoke the stems cause it gives u character
 anybody wanna smoke when i get off
 i packed this bowl for two  and im going to wanna smoke it with you
 off early fento go smoke wit my nigga 
 i just wanna take flight cuz im so over you why u think late i tend to smoke a blunt or two
 if you cant freestyle over beats with me... i dont wanna smoke with you. lol
 i feel like i get overly excited everytime im about to smoke a blunt or eat food.
 earlier tonight  rep. @jerfaison and sen. @dickersonfors20 discussed their medical cannabis legislation with the 
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli
 i wanna smoke a few blunts and pop some bars
 gonna smoke these els  watch movies amp put these pretty toes on a nice guy 
 anyone wanna fucking smoke
 if you wanna go amp get high w me  smoke an l in the back of the benze 
 two hour power nap check  lets smoke now. 
 i just wanna kick it  smoke a blunt and grab some lunch. you just wanna argue  play around w mixed emotions
 i cant stand a bitch that make my headache   i jus wanna smoke n count big faces
 im gonna stop smoking weed in 2020.
 literally fuck all drugs except weed. fuck your coke  fuck ur xanax  fuck it all.
 honestly i just wanna smoke a blunt
 someone wanna come smoke for freeee. i hate smoking alone
 my mood everyday literally is i wanna smoke a blunt
 wraps but no weed. life is sad.
 @datsik wanna smoke a blunt before the show
 i wanna smoke but i really shouldnt
 drinking  the big smoke by @monkeypawbrew at @monkeypawbrew   photo
  listen ....... go smoke with him @geauxyella
 @alexalltimelows snapchat musical about weed vs. skunk is literally my life in colorado
 fuck i wanna smoke friday night but imma close that night 
 watch that marijuana burn  that shit just makes you wanna end
 me  you wanna go sit in your car and smoke a cig and listen to black eyed peas ally  fuck yea
 driving to brooklyn with no bra on. its been a long day. i just wanna smoke naked. i deserve it.
 if my brother wanna smoke when he get to high school all he gotta do is ask to match or blaze 
 i wanna smoke and get high at the same time  sounds nice
 i wantneed tobacco but i dont wanna go to the smoke shop..
 i wanna make weed pasta
 rather stay home watching set it off amp smoke a dro blunt
 police retreat from smoke and fire as crowd break through baricades at anti miloyiannopoulos rally now chanting d 
 abilene college football players accused in fort worth killing had gone to rob marijuana  police say 
 come through if you wanna we could smoke this marijuana 
 im so damn hurt and all i want is a blunt and i cant smoke fml
 wanna smoke
 if u wanna smoke with me   dont bring no bullshit
 i cant wait till its warm outside to smoke a fat blunt in front of my crib 
 @whateverill tryna smoke
 this is only week two. let me tell you  weed makes trump less trumpy. puffpuffpass
 im hella excited to move out so i can smoke where i want when i want without my parents flipping shit 
 time to smoke the rest of my weed and be pissed off about tomorrow. 
 im really gonna put my weed plant in there tho 
 really wanna smoke  eat  have a few drinks  and look fly doing it
 wanna smoke a blunt or 2
 girls only hmu when they wanna smoke
 i lost weed in my room last week now every time i lay in my bed i get a strong smell of weed but i cant find it 
 @planetaryjim @thebenno70  im outta weed till my company turns a profit.  ive got some canna butter  and a vape pen with some juice left.
 i wanna get my nails done white but i smoke to much they wont stay white 
 holly smokes  these folks are asking the tuff questions evernote
 thank you traverse hemp company and general grant for this great hoodlamb apparel. it is so 
 im so high someone came over sayin they got the candy talmbout some weed n im honestly upset.
 i wasnt gonna smoke this week  but its wednesday. its practically a holiday.
 she wanna do drugs   smoke weed get drunk
 you ever smoked a blunt so furiously your eyes burn lol
 i feel like if your a dude and you wanna smoke with me you should always put it on my head. aint no match or go in for nothing 
 do you wanna smoke some pancakes eric  wtf
 i just wanna smoke oomf up
 where do i get a girl that will roll my weed up and chill with me
 when someone say they sellin girl scout cookies and your first thought is weed 
 @joedolby1 @cornfrmr @joshschick3 @jrwomack @precisionplant trials i have seen exactemerge smokes vdrive speed tube or whatever name is
 i need someone to will smoke weed and listen to entre albums with hmu
 forgot the weed....turn the fuck around
 anyone wanna smoke
 but imma smoke this blunt lol
 so i was gonna go out but who goes out on wednesday so i decided to stay in n smoke on my day off
 i cant wait to smoke a bowl once im home
 let me smoke my last blunt after this im done. on god
 taylor smokes a pipe better then most.  keepitmello mellotribe         illgrammers 
 i work  work out  smoke good weed  eat amp sleep
 ion take ls i smoke them
 about to roll me a nice ass fat ass blunt  smoke and go my ass to sleep soon ..
 ill pack this bowl for two and i want to smoke it with you 
 you gotta be able to roll blunts and joints  and at least 2 smokes a day good morninggood night... 
 okay no sleep is starting to catch up to me tho so ima smoke and take my ass to bed 
 i need a girl to roll the blunt to smoke with me i need a girl that can make all this easyyyy
 i was tryna stay up till my bday and smoke a blunt w jose and leo cuz a nigga dont have work but they passed out 
 im gonna smoke a fat blunt  to few warm rn 
 bout to smoke and ho to sleep i gotta get yhis shmoney in the am
 if you wanna smoke something you better have 20 or aint shot jumping
 if you wanna smoke on something... you better have 20 or aint shit jumping
 lets smoke a blunt and reminisce
 jus gonna smoke this blunt amp lay down 
 cant wait to smoke a blunt to this song  
 she say she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed 
 i smoke then get lazy asf i need to stop
 order some pizza and smoke a keef blunt
 bout to smoke n go to sleep
 about to bath  and smoke this blunt
 i just wanna smoke a blunt with cj fly amp chill listening to music 
 pesky rogue smoke detector crying out for low battery. will hunt for it tomorrow.  one of six.
 help  should i   a. smoke blunt  take shower  watch netflix  or  b. take shower smoke blunt  watch netlix
 ion wanna smoke no more after tonight
 do i smoke more weed or just cry in bed
 i smoke more than i eat  shits sad .
 who wanna smoke with the kid 
 hi does anyone wanna smoke rn bc i am annoyed n stressed
 finna smoke my weed and go to sleep 
 i wanna smoke a blunt with george clooney.
 out of weed so i guess ima be dabbing on em the rest of the night dab
 someone motivate me to get off my ass and to smoke a bowl
 i dont have to open tomorrow for once  so im about to smoke this joint and pass out 
 im gonna go smoke
 all i do is eat  sleep  work  smoke amp workout. im so over being sad all the time
 bad bitches wanna smoke with me 
 when you wanna cuddle and smoke then have some bomb sex but youre too pussy to hit the person up hahaha
 i cant wait to smoke weed in my garage and exchange stories with @bradmamajama 
 gonna smoke  watch anime  and nut my way to sleep lmfao
 sext do you wanna come over and listen to old simple plan together and smoke
 im wide awake damn i wanna smoke
 can my parents go to sleep so i can smoke 
 cant wait to smoke after this shitty ass shift
 just tryna smoke a bowl out of yah asshole girl
 i dont wanna  1.see ya  2. talk to u 3. kick wit u  4. smoke wit u get tf out tha door
 nah. im just gonna lay here. to late to smoke. smh
 i wanna smoke weed in the snow
 @vvaughnn lets smoke
 @vvaughnn im just tryna smoke 
 if i dont find weed soon  im probably gonna go back to smoking cigarettes
 hungry af wanna smoke but chest hurt
 i wanna smoke weed and be naked so i think im gonna smoke weed and be naked
 now that i can smoke  i wanna take advantage and be a chimney.
 cant wait to go home and smoke
 im convinced i need to smoke in order to go to sleep 
 i wanna smoke but its cold outside and i cant sleep because im highly annoyed and all i can think about is doing some shit i shouldnt do
 ugh i jusf wanna smoke a bunch of weed rn with all my friends and cry and shit
 gonna smoke some weed and eat a piece of bday cake and go to bed  lot of shit to do tomorrowtoday man shit you wouldnt understand
 do i wanna smoke or snack
 when she give you weed and a headache at the same time 
 just wanna drive and smoke a blunt
 holy smokes  jeff absolutely crushed this commission in every singe aspect 
 @katyperry imma go for a walk and drink and smoke and shit 
 i wanna smoke weird and chill for the rest of my life
 @yourfayvorite hoe i was talm bout weed now take yo ass back to sleep
 fuck this shit ima smoke a blunt on the way to the gym 
 its not officially groundhogday in marion wo @ohbuckeyechuck and smoked spam sandwiches @alysonbruner 
 fell asleep last night with half a blunt next to me and i just woke up to ash and a broken blunt and weed all over my bed
 the fire in the 18th and vine jazz district appears to be mostly out. some smoke still rising from one of the build 
 i just wanna smoke dope and get my lean on
 i just wanna wake up next to u and smoke a bowl
 whos down to travel and smoke joints in beautiful places cool lets go we leave tomorrow
 i just wanna smoke 
 when your friends said you can smoke this weekend bc its gonna be lit asf 
 fuck around and get smoked nigga
 i need more girlfriends. someone go on a smoke cruise with me later and lets get lunch i need some mexican in my life.
 i cant wait till i have kids and one of them asks me about weed... 
 ima go park my car at a view and smoke this blunt with the sunrise 
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 berkeley events will be a smoke screen for a horrible new e.o in 3..2..1..
 about to chill amp smoke until its time to go get my hair done
 the associated press descibes a crowd of berkeley students throwing smoke bombs  setting fires  and breaking windows as rowdy...
 these girls swear they smoke but be trippin off dabs lmao
 getting my workout on before a work day  lets go @ north hempstead aquatic activity center 
 i wanna smoke moreeeee
 @ellesesharp been there done that. wanna move to weed with me tho cuz id be down
 anybody wanna smoke with me
 since i aint smoke no blunt 2day let me get the keys 2 yo chevrolet
 i just wanna smoke amp sleep until my 1240 
 chances music video for smoke again only had toyota camry in it lol
 i hate that i dont have friends out here  i gotta go 2 portland 2 smoke a blunt drink this bottle its getting sad turning up by yourself
 im finna make it where nobody can smoke in this bitch until i move out 
 i really just wanna chill out today smoke up my kahlifa kush 
 anybody wanna hit a smoke ride and get lunch
 you take my weed i take ya girl 
 i jussssss wanna smoke and work outttttttt.
 whats for lunch oxtail grilled cheese with brioche  oxtail marmalade  smoked provolone  pickled collard stems. 
 whos gonna smoke a blunt with me and get munchies when oitnb drops this summer 
 house smoked pork belly need we say more just incase  this lil piggy pork belly. spiced goat cheese. lettuce. to 
 said she wanna roll with me amp smoke up all my weed
 eat  smoke and going back to sleep 
 i wanna smoke some gas and then watch the games
 when the dick appt just wanna talk and smoke  
 want to smoke hookah  but my legs are so sore from squats to go downstairs and get the hookah.
 my last joint.  another ounce. gone  why do i always get sad when i run of weed lol.  hope 
 i need to smoke a fat blunt 
 k im gonna have a smoke and then dye my hair and then beat this face because i have spent all day in bed and im over it
 but ima go smoke a bunch of weed after work
 naw weed 2 
 lets go smoke some pot
 epd search warrant leads to illegal cannabis extraction discovery.   
 it sucks when you work all day and cant smoke after cause youre all out 
 fuck around and smoke my ass to sleep
 the smell of marijuana is quite delightful.
 whats worse weed wit no relo or blunt wit no lighter
 ion wanna kick it wit u ion wanna smoke wit u i jus wanna get paid
 i wanna take a bath n smoke a blunt
 tfw my mom walks in my room and says u wanna smoke some pot
 yo mcm will buy a blunt and smoke it wit other niggas  instead of taking you on a date......
 just wanna move to cali smoke some bud and live life
 all i wanna do is smoke a blunt and play overwatch but my job is a fucking prison
 adri just taught me how to smoke a blunt...riveting
 anybody wanna smoke a blunt
 we gonna be those guys and smoke hookah in the gazebo lol
 i just wanna get off so i can smoke 
 ima just go home  take a shower and smoke a blunt . today aint been my day
 deadass just cant wait for o to get out so we can smoke a blunt and knock out after 
 i just wanna smoke w my boyfriend
 i wanna smoke .. but i guess not since its not my own weed its not on my own time
 anyone wanna come smoke
 im not gonna get a hookah when we go out ill probably just smoke from yours 
 gonna go to vegas this summer just to find @fullflush1 smoke js with him eat edibles and listen to him call everyone pigeons
 i wanna smoke pero like no friends
 someone go on a drive w me  let bump music and smoke boges
 @fullflush1 gonna go to vegas this summer just to find you smoke js with you and listen to you call everyone pigeons easily
 @runnerbill @schultz975 they are gonna get smoked tomorrow bill
 im gonna smoke after my workout tonight.
 its the ones that smoke blunts witcha see your picture  now they wanna grab their guns and come and getcha
 i just wanna smoke chill and eat shit up 
 going home to eat pasta  smoke a j  and watch @griseldarecords on sway.  dont contact me for the next hour.
 i just wanna smoke a blunt amp talk about my feelings
 @bongaloid had to. wont gonna take my weed 
 off work   just got out the shower it was loved amp im off tomorrow who can i link w amp smoke they head off 
 we smoked now im ready for this nigga to go home.
 you wanna smoke 
 smoke now  you dont wanna go to the weed smelling like airport.
 i just wanna smoke weed amp teach the children
 if someone brings me some backwoods ill smoke a fat ass blunt wit u
 and im gonna smoke a cig in the fuckin venue
 my mom keeps dragging me around wit her all i wanna do is smoke a bowl
 my friend telling me that he burns a tortilla to hide the smell of weed in the house from his wife brings me such joy
 i go outside  get depressed  go inside  shake my head  pick up a cig  smoke that shit  proceed to nonexist  watch tv  earth isnt controlled.
 i wanna smoke 
 watch the world go up in smoke
 its called get a smoke sack duh  
 any1 up who wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke 
 i try to be uplifting  but every once in awhile i gotta smoke hoes online like a newport its not one mfr that has room to say shit. dou
 ew work was mad busy im about too smoke a fat ass blunt when i get home
 wanna smoke
 kinda wanna smoke some weeed.
 @anicaribbean just got back from the dominican republic thats all they smoke in the clubs out there... i can still smell the citrus
 im gonna blaze now this track makes me wanna smoke
 i feel like they drag wayne into everything when in reality he just wanna skate and smoke and mind his business. 
 let me smoke of this fat ass backathan
 i cant wait to smoke a big fatty
 amp if i smoke this blunt im gon forget you
 just wanna smoke  be laid up 
 kinda wanna hit the beach amp smoke a j with oomf
 i just wanna smoke and fuck
 when the 350lb dudes deadlift 500lbs at the gym i get hot. if you weigh almost 400lbs you should be able to pull that holy smokes
 i wanna smoke where are all my friends
 now a days if you dont smoke they dont wanna hang with you  sorryimlame
 i legit wanna smoke w @chrrywvs 
 this song makes me wanna watch the sunset go down while im smoking a blunt  and i dont even smoke. lmao
 this song makes me wanna watch the sunset while im smoking a blunt  and i dont even smoke. lmao
 ready to get the fuck out of here and smoke a fat ass blunt 
 damn i wanna go to sleep but niggas tryna smoke 
 marijuana solves everything for me.. im mad  smoke a blunt .. im sad smoke a blunt .. im depressed  smoke a blunt..
 good weed good head in a comfortable bed  i can dig it
 im tryna smoke an l and knockkkkk
 just wanna smoke  and vibe 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and sleep i need it
 the last parent that talks smoked weed forsure 
 fuck around and smoke a whole zip..
 i get dat backwood roll dat gas cant smoke no swisher sweet
 and i wanna smoke another one
 @worldwidewob @valeriehxc it was probably over a sack of weed too
 true life i smoke a lot of weed which makes me eat way too much but im not gonna stop smoking a lot of weed.
 im so annoyed bro. i just wanna smoke.
 about to smoke my last bowl im so sad. how do i go through tree so fast 
 larry call a load of smoke in i wanna disappear for days
 jayme just asked me how i was gonna smoke on the expressway when were going so fast what
 when you wanna go to sleep but your cousin trusted you to watch his weed
  smoke a blunt 
 finishing with the gym then go home and shower then most importantly smoke me a bowl
 all i did was ask him who got some weed and he wanna catch a attitude now i wanna fight cause the attitude wasnt necessary 
 get ready to move your feet iowa city the copper smoke trials trio is heading your way. bluesy 
 and if smoke this blunt  girl  im gon forget you 
 kevin came over to grab his weed and i made him cuddle me before he had to go. i wish i was falling asleep in his arms tonight 
 wanna smoke now
 since no one wants to smoke this blunt w me got this solo dolo 
 who tryna smoke a fatass blunt
 wait a minute roll up the weed 
 that direct deposit need to hit im tryna smoke
 guess ill smoke a blunt rn  who up
 do i wanna smoke this blunt rn or tomorrow lol
 millions suffer from insomnia for a variety of reasons. cannabis can help all of them get some zzs. 
 no weed  having to force myself back to sleep 
 guns and hoses  the one weekend you can legally camp downtown falls town  campers set up and smokers going  gonna be a good weekend
 im real life mad he woke me up out my sleep for that. this why i only smoke with a handful of people or by myself.
 man  i wish i had some weed up in my system cus im bout two seconds away from just flippin out
 about to smoke this blunt to calm my nerves 
 wanna smoke. 
 im getting smoked out and i get to roll the blunt 
 when you smoke the herb you go back to your roots 
 trading weed for girl scout cookies lol
 decided yesterday that i was gonna smoke to help me sleep through then night and guess what it fucking worked no nightmares
 i need to stop smoking on my bed because i always leave ash and weed crumbs everywhereeee ugh
 i wanna smoke a blunt but i dont want to get out of bed 
 i wanna smoke a blunt and lay down by the beach
 i wanna smoke amp eat crab legs
 just trying to stay home and smoke flocka w my baby girl all day
 cant wait till he come home from work. bout to blow his brains out. then smoke it off 
 cant wait to be home to smoke
 i wanna smoke
 let me smack your butt and roll your weed 
 cant wait to smoke this blunt on the way home 
 never too early to smoke dabs 
 i hate mornings  theres nothing to do  no one to talk to..... im gonna smoke and take a nap.
 go figure the first year we actually get to go to weedsport its the same night as prom
 go figure the first year we actually get to go to weedsport its the same night as prom
 long shot but anyone wanna smoke at 420
 only right i smoke before work 
 ive been up since 3 and all i wanna do is smoke a blunt and go back to bed 
 still decent smoke 
 @joenbc anyone with money has health insurance choice right now. hhs sec. smokescreen trumpcare pullingtherugout
 i just just wanna eat  drink  amp smoke good tomorrow 
 i just wanna smoke a fat ass l amp lay down
 this blunt go my high as fuck   guess i got a new weed man
 its too early for me to be awake and i wont have weed until later so im gonna lay in my bed and count the ridges on my ceiling
 just trying to be home so i can smoke a blunt
 im so starved for affection. guess ill just smoke this bowl and go back to sleep.
 aint no one wanna smoke
 my nana told my family at dinner last night that i was gonna smoke up a few joints and be hungry when i got home...lmao bowls but u rite nan
 @blacknazii you roll one g in your blunt you broke nigga when you putting more than .8 in your blunt come fwm boy i smoke big all day bitch
 bout to smoke and get in the field
 i never wanna smoke shisha ever again lmao
 colder and rainy. 45mph wind gusts. a beautiful day to bbq. these wingz arent gonna smoke 
 @tommygshow when yall gonna invite me on to discuss cannabis reform
 just wanna smoke
 real shot though im trying to go smoke in the beach this morning if anyone is down to come with 
 real shit though im tryin to smoke on the beach this morning if anyones down to roll with me
 idky but i just wanna smoke a blunt play some cards amp take shots of henny tonight
 if youre gonna plant a rose  expect some weeds to grow and if you ever get that far everyones a critic of your every move... 
 i cant wait to go home and smoke.
 just wanna smoke a wood and watch netflix 
 @mangoweed ayeee we should smoke n get food
 i cant wait to move out so so can smoke weed in my bed and in peace
 i work around the corner from my job.. im literally in the car blowing smoke out the roof and only plan to grab my shit and dip
 nice hot bath den a quick nap i aint got no weed fawk
 gonna go with this smoke seah is gonna be lonely
 cant wait till i can hit up shaffners on a smoke drive again
 @cjwerleman doesnt the crack you smoke interfere with your life  or do you find it helps you relate your tgt audience of leftist crazie
 wake up smoke
 this that lets smoke a blunt order a pizza and chill weather
 if i smoke in the morning i be hungry allll day 
 i wanna fuck smoke n chill but you dont smoke
 shawty wanna get cuffed i aint in to that stuff ill rather smoke dope
 i cant wait til i get a car so i can always have a place to smoke
 who wanna smoke dat hoe lol 
 drink a lil hennessy smoke a blunt or two or three or four
 tried to get my mom to smoke some weed with me last night but she wouldnt. im gonna sneak her a edible one day 
 yall smoke more wrap than bud i cant relate 
 i dip it in the blunt i wna smoke the mud
 anyone wanna smoke and grub later 
 how she look like that and cant even smoke a blunt  
 just wanna smoke amp drink with my girl
 i wake up every morning and do what the fuck i want and i dont deal w nobody till i smoke my blunt
 if anybody wanna match lmk and yall can come thru u gotta buy weed from me tho 
 if you dont smoke thats cool  i wont peer pressure you  but stfu when i decide to smoke.
 make sure yall checc out  my big bros weedizzle amp @cuzzycapone  new project slausonboyz 
 im hoping this girl cancels on me so i can just buy weed and go to sleep
 i cant even eat i need to smoke before my breakfast
 dreaming of outdoor patios thick with weed smoke and bass instead of dingy dives that smell like 
 all people my age wanna do is smoke 247  
 @leodaevinci getting a job wanna smoke after you get smoke lol
 cant wait to smoke after work
 my weed situation is so sad
 finna smoke me a fat ass blunt as soon as i leave this place.
 we dont smoke briskets very day but when we do we only smoke canadian certified angus beef 
 fuck i forgot my weed lmao
 sxsw is a event for brain dead hipsters that like to smoke pot amp not work.
 i wanna smoke weed
 cant wait til i get home lmao i miss cali weed so much
 on my bucket list  i wanna smoke a bowl with @dylansprouse and @colesprouse
 cant wait to get off and smoke a fat ass blunt 
   i love sophia and wisdom son weed 420 blaze it lil bush love you
 for a broke nigga who want smoke. and for his lame patna that wanna die wit em 
 i put my weed in your blunt 
 i got a feeling tonights show gonna be crazy...its a smoke friendly zone as well..though are the best ones
 yo my friend bribed me to learn how to roll a blunt by letting me smoke it myself
 ain no pressure we smoke the pressure
 lifes been a roller coaster for smokey  hes catching a cat nap before the weekend rush. 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt on the beach ...
 all i wanna do is chill  smoke  fuck  and eat
 where. the. fuck. is. my. weed.
 i just wanna smoke bro
 goodfinally weeding them all out @usagsessions keep up the great work @realdonaldtrump @judgejeanine 
 i love weed i wanna invest into it so bad lol
 he dnt wann smoke. he jus wanna tlk
 with all this smoke theres gonna theres gonna be an explosion.denoftraitors trussia russiagate 
 had to smoke a blunt before we go in tho
 wait a minute roll up the weed  wait a minute roll up my sleeves up got a pocket full of blue cheese 
 i wanna see if i can keep the smoke in my mouth when i depthroat but im still single.
 me rn because sam is telling me that the weed shes smoking is bomb as fuck 
 out with @ladyauteanna. todays agenda eat  smoke  work  
 i smoke a blunt while i eat cereal for breakfast 
 i need a girl to roll the blunt  to smoke w me
 im getting my big boiy cannabis  license next week... when the police are forced to give you back like 25lbs i know they wanna kill deyself
 thats a serious dab we are the worlds most smoked out podcast welovehiphop we got that 
 roll my weed on it thats an ass treat.
 people smoke more here than back home
 easter ham time go to  810 pound spiral sliced smoked ham  40 all proceeds benefit jccac. order by 412 yummy
 where all my clintonfoundation where theres smoke  theres fire alarmists at now russiagate
 great smoky flavor  drinking an evil dead smoked red  by @grindhausbrew @ grindhaus brew lab    photo
 i will come to miami this summer just to smoke a blunt with @chloesuperbadd
 lmao i wanna smoke tf
 really wanna smoke 
 fuck you cant take me no where   how i woke up with a 5th of heem and a 8th of weed shit the world may never know 
 im bout to take this l in spanish real quick then go smoke and enjoy this fire ass weather
 imma swipe your name off of my schedule  and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 i straightup just found a bag of weed in shelbys bathroom garbage can  why
 ol stay home and smoke weed n watch movies all day ass
 i just wanna smoke all night
 this shit make me wanna....... smoke...
 whats poppin in utah  i want to go outside  and smoke a blunt
 jus woke up bouta smoke a fat ass blunt 
 my boyfriends pissing me off.. im just gonna smoke up all his weed and leave him for the weekend
 @jilliealexis  smoke a cuban cigar  lol   find a great restaurant and go for a nice dinner  then take a ride or walk on the beach if safe
 im just gunna smoke tonight fuck that
 @andersf come and smoke this blunt
 i just wanna chill  smoke a blunt   and watch family guy funniest moments  13 on youtube 
 i just wanna smoke 
 wanna have a smoke session with lit ass people
 tbh just wanna smoke and see my girl
 all im tryna do is smoke and go out to eat when i get off 
 i just wanna be home so i can smoke some blunts with @neens24 
 i wanna drink wine smoke dope amp fuck
 current weather in decatur smoke  36f 29 humidity  wind 7mph  pressure 1030mb
 current weather in springfield smoke  36f 29 humidity  wind 7mph  pressure 1030mb
 i just want to smoke a blunt and eat good food tonight but i promised to come out
 its like a party but instead we drink water smoke cigs and listen to sad music on my bed
 i wanted to go out amp get all the way fucked up on drinks amp weed amp get whataburger at 3am after the parties  but i work tomorrow at 8am 
 im just gonna get me something to eat and something to smoke
 a guy i work with left and came back and said dont let the weed control you  you gotta take control of the weed   lifetips
 all i smoke is lssssss.
 im just tryna go to the beach and roast in the sun and smoke a blunt or 50
 i been sleep all fucking day really.. smoke  sleep  smoke again then back to sleep. smoke now im up
 i wanna smoke so bad but i refuse to smoke a bowl
 i just wanna smoke a blunt tbh.
 its 440 on friday think i will smoke a bowl and take a little nap  
 she really gonna smoke on ft with me after i just quit 
 anyone in mount p wanna smoke or am i the only one here lmao
 im trynna smoke amp get sumn to eat 
 @sizzlingpotking  ho  wait whats a dry pot restaurant the  imagination runs wild no booze byo food marijuana source
 i do believe the plan for me tonight is to smoke a blunt in my car even tho i really dont wanna. but fuck it
 i just wanna smoke a bowl with @chanelwestcoast
 lets eat already @ smoke restaurant plano 
 not trying to stay in tonight. lets link up smoke up drink lets do something lol hmu
 i just wanna smoke amp eat something good 
 fuck around and get smoked   fuck with me
 no ones gonna take a blonde man seriouslyprophet doug wilson on showtimes weeds said it best
 snot sucking grasshopper is loose in the weeds grimm
 my weed seedless  my trees leafless i miss my diagonal grilled cheeses and back when mike jackson was still jesus
 ion wanna smoke with nobody
 this blunt im about to smoke after work is soooooo necessary
 i wanna smoke
 i just wanna take a bubble bath and smoke a blunt 
 i wanna smoke
 just wanna smoke some ls nd vibe
 guess bout to hit the car wash and smoke this blunt by myself
 i cant wait to smoke
 all.excited to get home from work  so i can smoke weed hahaha silly
 so stogie every time my girl wanna smoke she be like rollllllll anotherrrrrrr
 guess ill go to the beach by myself smoke this fat blunt and look at the stars 
 i wanna smoke hookah but then i wanna smoke a blunt....i wanna do both but thats too much work
 happy friday im going to go home  smoke weed  eat a cheese burger  and take a nap before studying 
 roll it .. smoke it 
 itd be nice to have someone to cuddle and smoke a blunt with but whatever i guess
 im just trynna smoke amp kick it w my niggas smh 
 when rly ur jus a depressed mess who smokes mad weed   and talks to three ppl .... lol 
 breaking a second alarm fire has broken out at morning dove drive and nuthatcher drive in indy. smoke visible fo 
 roll me up and smoke me when i die 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and lay up with him 
 so yeah if people wanna drink  smoke and cool out im down.
 im about to smoke a blunt and take my ass to bed when i get home
 my brother barley wanna smoke me up  
 i got a blunt already rolled  nobody to smoke it with tho
 so like does anybody wanna smoke
 i just realized i fucking hate going out i just wanna chill at home and just smoke 
 during the times when i occasionally smoke  i prefer a hoppy ipa to go with it  buds  and hops  
 every time i say something about smoking nothing but niggas wanna hmu  i wanna smoke w a bitch
 can someone take me to get some food   ill smoke this blunt with em
 just smoked me a blunt while listening to the ocean 
 when i cant smoke before work i be like 
 bout to be a long fuckin night without weed
 do any of my friends wanna smoke n cruise 
 i think im gonna stay in drink  smoke and binge watch shameless. no regrets haha
 i have a headache  i just wanna smoke  eat  amp go to sleep
 passionately debates with parents y weed should be legal... dad tells me hes gonna leave the food out for when i come in 2nite munchies
 just wanna smoke n cuddle up 
 i just wanna smoke rn
 the smoke really deep out here. wait till the youngins secure this ring tomorrow though.
 everybody at the club tonight and all i wanna do is smoke and lay up with a bad one
 justice went to bed so hey if u wanna be my friend ill smoke u out and we can watch movies
 i just wanna smoke some weed
 nah  prob jus gon smoke
 all my dad ever says to me when i smoke is youre gonna die and he is not wrong thanks dad
 you get home  you smoke a bowl and you relax my mother everybody
 i want to smoke but my gf sleep 
 i just wanna smoke 
 hella sticks out and i wanna smoke 
 idk how people can function an everyday life and smoke everyday . i wanna sleep everytime 
 ambers like sorry you cant go out with us tonight but you can stay at my place heres some weed and a couple pieces and some wine 
 i need more friends who wanna binge watch netflix eat pizza and smoke weed in bed
 lets go smoke weed about it.
 you already know. lets smoke a blunt  
 bitch u wanna smoke i want that neck tho.
 i love coming home  i just hate not being able to smoke freely lol.
 tired got a headache wanna smoke but dont feel like it i miss my dude like im just a mess rn
 fuck man this is the best day ever i wanna smoke crack and jump off the walls
 anyone wanna have a smoke sesh
 i juss wanna smoke and watch some netlfix
 niggas is lame  i be lit. all niggas wanna do is smoke n drink.  letz create. lets get money.
 i just need a girl to smoke with and watch ted talks at night with me
 about to smoke this l and watch friday after the next
 wanna buck amp smoke in my room soooo bad man the garage b cold amp i b scared in dat bitch by myself 
 i just want to smoke a blunt and go to bed but now i get drug tested 
 this weed strong af im about to ko in my friends car
 these weed suckers decent 
 whos gonna smell the 420 plant on weed day with me this year fellow dudes
 if you need to get or renew your medical marijuana recommendation  card we will be open thisweekend sat amp sun from 1130am to 630pm
 who wanna chill im trying to smoke
 im trynna smoke but dont wanna go outside
 bouta take me a hot bath amp smoke this blunt tho
 all i wanna do is smoke and go to bed but of course i cant
 i cant wait to smoke myself out   i love you 
 i wanna lay up and smoke dope 
 thats why i fucked ya baby mama in the tub  while i was sippin mud  now im tryna smoke sum bud..
 it all makes sense now. the green is weed and brown is the blunt wrap.. 
 who wanna smoke 
 i wish i didnt always fall asleep when i wanna make plans w people now i have too much bud to smoke by myself 
 been shell all day. finna smoke this last blunt and ko
 justin is deadass passed out in the other room amp i wanna wake him up so we can smoke but it aint my pack so ill let tim sleep
 jazz gonna smoke okc tomorrow
 justin is deadass passed out in the other room amp i wanna wake him up so we can smoke but it aint my pack so ill let him sleep
 @andrezonn if you dont get it im gonna come over  pack the fattest head and make you second hand smoke that shit
 im gonna be ok but i could use a hug and some weed 
 @jmk4 @itskrexn if we wanted to  all you would of seen would be the smoke coming from the back of the car as we go 
 now lemme go smoke my blunt 
 if i dont smoke  i naturally cant fall asleep. ill just lay here all night tossing amp turning 
 i need everyone to get home already so i can smoke my blunt in peace 
 she gone roll this fat ass l knowing i cant smoke 
 ready to smoke this blunt and ko
 if you wanna smoke hmu 
 just gunna roll this blunt and smoke it. fuck this
 i am sleepy and wanna smoke but i dont wanna get high and go to bed  do u see my dilemma
 thats all i did in commerce   was go to class sleep smoke and watch greys 
 all i wanna do is smoke but cant
 wanna get sum weed but dont wanna smoke alone..
 in the mood to just smoke a blunt amp cuddle after
 i wanna smoke bro
 i still wanna smoke  smh
 current mood happy cause im about to smoke a blunt amp eat inampout 
 still rollin weed on my xxl
 bout to smoke by my lonely amp go my ass to sleeeeep
 i have 3 king size joints i bought to smoke last night but never did im a fucking mess
 just left the movies with the sissies  bouta go lay up with bae and smoke now. 
 lemme go smoke this blunt
 long day just smoked a blunt. now im horny 
 i just want to lay back in smoke while someone go to steak amp eggers for memy treat 
 im in my bed with my dog bout to smoke n gulp down this water lol
 who wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke cause i got a lot on my mind but its so cold 
 im tryna smoke a blunt or 3
 im tryna smoke a l or 3
 time i go to sleep i gotta wake up praise god then finish carters party stuff get dressed go to the party go home smoke n then go to the gym
 fml i dont wanna smoke by myself
 anybody wanna smoke
 kinda wanna drop the other song me and smoke have
 i wanna smoke on the beach 
 cant wait to smoke this joint when i get home longweek
 me gets home older sister let me see your eyes me for older sister looks into my eyes if youre going to smoke at least smoke w me
 all i wanted to do was just lay down wit you and smoke backwoods in bed
 just wanna smoke this blunt and release myself
 about to put my life on the line and smoke a blunt in my bed when my parents go to sleep lmao
 i smoke myself  i smoke myself... smoke myself to sleep
 this cold weather is really bad for my marijuana plants
 when i couldnt sleep id just go smoke some and boom im ready to go to bed.
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and ko good 
 my older sister and i just smoked a blunt  2 joints  oil pen  and dabs
 let me get home so i can smoke
 who wanna smoke
 bro i work tomorroe probably gonna smoke a joint
 @tones68 as always  thanks for the rt  on my smokey the cats vet  bill.  its never ending  lol. i cant work  bc im on disability.
 moving along  gonna smoke and get some sleep. we already 6 hours into a new day.
 can not wait to get to my ranchito chulo and smoke me a fat ass joint 
 im finna go outside amp smoke one in the snow
 crack a window we gon smoke this indo
 anyone up i want to smoke a blunt 
 think i jus might be over weed ima get a hobby lol
 @lornaxskeens imy2 wanna smoke some bud
 i deleted the horny goat weed vitamin snapchat cuz i read it again and it sounded wrong af
 i wanna smoke with a nice view... any suggestions
 i thought it was fog first  but its smoke from the dumpall the way on the eastern end of np wtf bahamas.we are all gonna die from this
 get to smoke a blunt in peace since she sleep 
 trapshit smoke session tonight  if u wanna slide lmk
 shouldve smoked a blunt before i came to take this test 
 cant wait to actually smoke with someone
 my dad said he will smoke a bowl with me today to make up for ditching me last night  im thrilled 
 someone take me to work and get smoked up rn
 so sick i dont even wanna smoke bc i already cant breathe
 rainy weather  weed  amp cuddles. its gonna be a good ass day 
 got my ass up at 4 to go to work only for them to tell me they aint need me today.. that means it was meant to stay home is smoke this tree
 @zombeck he is counting on most people identifying with being healthy as they eat crap  smoke and drink too much. wont happen to me
 saturdaymorning watching people go in the gym  as i drink my coffee and smoke on leg day. fools
 just wanna smoke a j with everyone i follow
 oh and what you aint gon ever fuckin do is smoke my shit wo me present fuck is you doing
 kickass smoke blend revealsmokeblend kickass herbsrule thisstuffwillchillya 
 ion wanna drink babygirl i just wanna smoke 
 1 rt and ill go smoke some weed rn instead of going back to sleep
 its cold asf in here and mike wanna go outside and smoke 
 associates and fellow jews  lois weinberger  even planted flourishing weeds from southern amp southeastern europe along the disused tracks
 exactly. why she still wanna stay there im taking the rest of the weed and leaving. 
 then my homegirl inbox me talm bout do i wanna smoke and go out to eat breakfast . her treat 
 irdk if i should smoke or not man fuck
 someone pick me and so we can smoke and go get lunch.
 you make me wanna smoke cigarettes you make me wanna drink whiskey
 now ima go ride my horse and smoke my weed
 now ima go ride my horse and smoke my weed
 recommendation more marijuana 
 new jungmaven hemp hats | usa made . . . . . . hemp legalizehemp hemphat hemphats 
 who wanna smoke amp ride to mt. charleston one time 
 im bouta smoke this  amp go to bed  
 n this is why i smoke weed after a blunt idgaf 
 im bouta smoke and go eat by myself like fuck it
 i look so good right now i wanna smoke me out and fuck me
 really wanna smoke a joint but its fucking 16 degrees outside
 showtime writers shooting themselves as entire second season plot goes up in smoke. preetbharara
 showtime writers shooting themselves as entire second season plot of billions goes up in smoke. preetbharara
 time to eat this weed gummy.
 its a smoke and chill type of day
 i wanna smoke but then i dont
 i wanna be in smoketown antonio so bad rn 
 i just want to smoke a blunt on the top of a mountain
 i just wanna move out so i can smoke in the house
 lets smoke a blunt 
 i ride around in your car  i put my weed in your blunt
 tryna find motivation to get outta bed so i can go smoke a blunt
 it gets me pissed of i dont have anything to smoke out of. my bong is not gonna be in use anytime soon. i already lost two stems.
 anyone wanna receive really good karma and smoke ur girl out 
 dont put weed infused oil on your parts unless you know you have time to jack it. otherwise you have to go out in public w a high pussy
 im so mad i left my argileh out in the cold and i havent smoked it in forever bc lent so i go out to get it and the bottom is broken
 today is perfect to go to the beach and just smoke and chill
 cook out with the older folks today. gonna make them smoke  
 just wanna smoke 
 day 2 of no weed i cant do this shit
 i dont always get out of bed but when i do  one of my friends invited me over to smoke. 
 i jus wanna fuck  smoke weed  and sleep all day.. but i gotta get this money
 im gonna smoke weed and die
 when i just smoked a blunt and my mom be tryna talk to me 
 unnaceptable that inept gov pot farm doesnt test their moldy cannabis   norml @masscann 
 so you can go smoke wit em huh  
 this weather makes me want to smoke and go straight to sleep
 im bouta sleep so good after i eat and smoke
 whats the point of being a home owner if i cant smoke a joint on my own porch
 tonight  my girls and i are gonna have a cannabis sesh. im so happy i have the coolest friends ever. seriously ... i need to see em more
 i wanna smoke but i fucking cant rn why this
 amp if i smoke this blunt  boyyy im gon forget yuu 
 we at kushstockfestival right now come smoke with kings  backwoodbullies @ san bernardino  
 can someone smoke me out im at venice beach lmao
 i just need to smoke n nap it off.
 this rain just makes me wanna smoke hookah and drink wine all day and watch netflix
 principles of industrial hemp by eric walker at ut happening at organicgrowersschool 
 fr wanna smoke before i got to work b cuts gonna drag
 all i do is smoke amp sleep
 im gonna go smoke some heroin welcome to the hood
 fr wanna smoke before i go to work bc i know its gonna drag
 i dont wanna do shit today but just smoke and chill.
 i wanna smoke weed
 cant smoke weed to it  ion wanna listen to it
 draining the wrong end of the swamp. smoke and mirrors or just good ol fasioned cya
 wanna go back here and smoke a blizzy 
 i hella wanna go smoke a blunt at the river 
 i cant wait to smoke my face off 
 @famousdex i got the gas lets smoke a wood
 12 os got me real fucked up  eyes roll back  i spill my drugs. homies roll me up then smoke me in the blunt.
 what does anyone do in stl during the daylight aside from smoke weed on couches im restless over here.
 hey @lovechazpromo its 311 day. wanna smoke some reefer and listen to from chaos
 whos tryna go eat and smoke a  few
 ill roll up and smoke anywhere
 cant wait to get off and smoke that loud
 if i still had a soul  id sell it to smoke a blunt before work
 i need to smoke at the beach today or else ill die
 fuck smoke chill
 i really wanna smoke a blunt
 i jus wanna smoke good weed wit a bad bitch.
 i wanna smoke but its to hot outside 
 the willis family on tour at 12 300ft were gonna get high in colorado cannabis is legal  
 i hate not being able to smoke at home
 thats sad .. if you cant afford it dont smoke 
 i want a lil baby who gone just lay back  smoke a blunt  let me rub his back  and tell me about his day...
 someone smoke this l with me
 i just wanna smoke and eat
 not the day i wanted to have so i going to smoke up some food to eat tonight and drink some 
 my friends always want me to go out....... maybe i just want to watch movies  smoke weed  and get fat. they ever consider that
 never was able to hop on the xanlean wave i smoke my weed and drink water.
 women gonna do what they want. but a hoe a hoe can be convinced of anything with the right amount of cheese pizza  weed and events
 some day ill go to amsterdam and ill smoke a lot of weed no matter what goals
 we will be there boyeee requesting whos got the weed bc you are in cali and kick drum for chad and earl  mur 
 lmao when weed becomes legal so many anti weed people gonna be hot because ima be dumb ignorant wit it
 i just wanna smoke weed
 i just want some weed  im so irritated . i need a fat ass wood
 i wanna go smoke a bowl but idk when my momma coming home 
 i cant wait to get off. ima smoke a gross ass 2nd gen and pass the fuck out.
 no i dont wanna go stand in the damn cold and smoke a blunt with 3 heads when i get off at 10 lol
 roll up nigga  im tryna smoke
 i wanna smoke even tho i shouldnt 
 cant even go smoke anymore bc where we smoke is were the fuckin dude was
 cant even go smoke anymore bc where we smoke is where the fuckin dude was
 your wcw fucks to get smoked out lmao
 im telling yall smokepurpp gonna blow up
 @itsc0dydammit omg i love their song smoke two joints 
 think im bout to actually get a man cause nights like this i just wanna smoke amp cuddle
 i wanna smoke but my g parents are in the backyard and thats where my bong is
 so who wants to come smoke and take us to eat. ill smoke u out whats upppp bruhhh im so hungry
 citysmoke bbq charlotte teamdinner bourbonandmeat @ city smoke 
 snaps smokes  lets go
 someone pull up  i jus wanna smoke bih
 hmu if you wanna go to chain smokers tomorrow
 bout to grab a personal bottle amp find some weed amp mind my business 
 ive been waiting since 4 am here. ill go threw severity to get a smoke.
 i srsly dont care if u drink or smoke or whatever im still gonna treat u the same bc u can do u and imma do me
 when youre ready to spend every free weekend with charcoal  wood and a smoker well be here for you 
 just tryna head back home to roll a fat blunt  amp smoke it to the dome ahahah
 @maandzz wanna smoke a blunt homegirl
 if i smoke this blunt imma forget about you 
 uggggh really wanna go buy a bunch of junk food so i can smoke and watch movies all night...ima do it
 wtf i wanna smoke out of a watermelon
 only thing i wanna do when i come home from work is fucking smoke amp i cant even fucking do that
 everytime she smokes w nay.. she sleeps the day away 
 so yall go let me smoke all this weed alone 
 lets smoke weed and go for a drive with bomb ass music
 lets chill and smoke whos next to carroll
 hold up twitter ima smoke and go eat
 this weed make u forget about mfs and sleep alot
 anyone wanna smoke ill buss yo head  i jus dont wanna b alone. preferably a girl..
 anyone not at buku wanna smoke
 if i smoke this blunt im forget about youu 
 i just wanna smoke some fucking weed
 all i want rn is 2 smoke  eat insomnia cookies and for ep 5 of school rapper 2 be translated ugh
 just wanna eat  drink  and smoke
 nothing like listening to kids  maybe 1012 years old  reciting lyrics such as  she say she wanna roll wit me an smoke up all my weed.
 the commercial for littlecaesars smokehouse pizza certified annoyingified
 i dont wanna hit your weed i got my own dutch
 im gonna smoke more weed and eat some good home cooked food 
 hardly smoke but you wanna smoke my drugs
 ima cut you off quicker then i met you  ima swipe ya name up off my schedule  and if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you 
 finna smoke this blunt   eat   and 
 bout to smoke a fat ass blunt and drink a 40
 tryna smoke a blunt and chill tonight man
 man i was gonna smoke a blunt with my step moms friends but my dad had to fuck it up 
 ive realized that the bad hangover my psych warned me abt bc of my meds is rly a full day of feeling depressed so i need to smoke instead
 i wanna smoke amp go to the movies but i got no one to do that w 
 why are you being cremated  because i wanna be made into weed
 guess im gonna smoke hookah and die. sup
 i just wanna smoke in my car  and listen to travis 
 @biglnasty2 i just wanna ask them how people who smoke weed can get cancer then.
 i wanna have a nice little smoke sesh while im here but like ... with females lol its my last night in the 75
 who wanna smoke with me tn 
 i wanna smoke 
 my bf got his wisdom teeth out so cant smoke. hes gonna hate me when i blow a fatty in front of him when im off work
 im so glad i dont smoke because ill be beyond fat  i get the weirdest food cravings
 when you hitting the blunt amp the smoke goes into your eye.... 
 anyone wanna smoke
 anybody else wouldve smoked these jays already but imma be loyal and wait for dre 
 got the cribbo to myself tonight. gonna smoke some weed and play some zombies 
 sooo does anyone wanna smoke dis blunt w me nd john orrrr
 just wanna smoke on some s
 i just wanna smoke  too much to ask
 gonna go home smokes some bowls and pass the fuck out 
 last night when i called toppers to order pizza i asked for marijuana dipping sauce instead of marinara...  wonder where my head was..yum
 i just smoked a blunt with ya boyfriend 
 wanna smoke   dont feel like rolling up
 instead of getting a bunch of weed i could go out tonight.
 dude from colorado asks me hey bro where she i go smoke this blunt  i said turn around and go smoke on the church he laughed so fking hard
 dude from colorado asks me hey bro where she i go smoke this blunt  i said turn around and go smoke in the church he laughed so fking hard
 bout to watch the new samurai jack and smoke a blunt
 dude from colorado asks me hey bro where shd i go smoke this blunt  i said turn around and go smoke in the church he laughed so fking hard
 time to cry alone in my room and smoke cigarettes and listen to mtv1987 and get upset cus ill never be as good as kevin and be worthless
 everyones posting that they wanna go party tonight and im thinking i just wanna get off work go home smoke and cuddle
 i wanna smoke some hookah with good music 
 i jus wanna drink and smoke allnight
 my mom forced me to go to this party tonight and @valeriegilhams and i walked in and got handed weed
 @lindseystaff1 jealous i wanna smoke so bad rn in this hotel room 
 how did i smoke all my weeed.
 i dont smoke anymore but i wanna get stoned af and watch ed ed and eddy 
 bout to kick back smoke and drink this patron by myself i dont need a soul
 does anyone wanna smoke dailytweet
 my brother smoked some pork  gonna go right along with this plate i made at work tonight. 
 i wanna smoke so bad 
 dont wanna smoke by myself   but fuck it 
 i just want to up to the beach and smoke rn
 my girls treat me better than any ex i had... im not home right now but go over and chill in my room  i got hella weed toogtgtgtgtgtgtgt
 josh waters this fire ft. smoke dza produced by ian ewing amp garrett benally by joshwaters np on soundcloud 
 one day me amp @wizkhalifa gonna have a smoke off
 when you just woke up from a coma and your too lazy to go outside to smokeltltlt
 bout to smoke a bowl and watch some dragon ball
 i want to smoke this blunt and forget everyone
 id rather stay home and smoke than to go out 
 so bored  i just wanna smoke and lay up but no one fucks with me like that 
 pop a bar smoke a blunt then i kick my feet up
 about to stay home smoke my sack and sip some 
 @jayonns7 so you smoke now
 irritated asf i just wanna smoke tf
 im tryna smoke and ko
 watching sausage party  just woke up from one hell of a weed nap
 wanna smoke a blunt
 i do not want to smoke this blunt alone
 so who tryin to smoke this blunt im about to roll
 i cant wait to eat my weight in smoked salmon and avocado tomorrow morning.
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli
 im finna fuck around an go look at some water or sum smoke a blunt an relax
 maybe if i had healthier options available for when i get the munchies when i smoked  i wouldnt be so fat rn
 i dont wanna hang out with you after i smoke your blunt
 @okaygraci kept me up when i was tryna sleep and smoked a joint and she passed out... wake tf up
 this lady be flipping the fuck out cause i wanna eat chili cheese fries everyday but smokes the house out with cigarettes 247. amazing.
 whos up amp wanna smoke ill light obvi
 its amazing how much weed helps me sleep and eat.  like i get a healthy amount of both with it.
 me works 12 hrs listens to cocteau twins w my dog for as long as it takes to smoke a joint sleeprepeat
 i was about to leave my sisters party and go to another party  then i remembered the hour changes so ima smoke a blunt and hit the sack 
 i just be tryna smoke talk shit hoop eat and sleep
 all i do is smoke now  fucking sad 
 you gotta be by yourself sometimes. cry alone  smoke alone  boss up alone. cause at the end of the day  you gonna die alone
 lost my weed but i want a blunt
 im tryna get home and smokeee
 wanna smoke a blunt and go get some sweet tea uh fuck yeah
 bout to enjoy tf out of these tacos... go home and smoke ... and try to watch a movie but i might knock the f out
 hate having to wait for my dad to go to sleep so i can go smoke
 now its time to smoke a blunt
 im bout to smoke this blunt amp crash
 @emmerikkas always burning oven food  i am dying in this smokey home.
 who down to smoke a blunt with me rn 
 someone smoke this blunt with me
 wanna smoke  too lazy to roll 
 lets smoke this blunt and knock out
 the recipe writing continues... marijuana tea  good for depression   popcorn  which i cant eat due to allergy  makes me depressed 
 @swishersweets i only got one fucking cigarillo in a 2 pack of wild rush. i smoke white owls now.....
 just wanna smoke some weed
 @beberexha tonight was so lit  i smell like weed and got beer all over me. i love hearing people vommit in the bath 
 kinda wanna wait till the sun coming up  smoke a blunt  then go to sleep
 when i cant sleep i smoke
 gonna shower amp smoke da rest amp rest 
 all i wanna do is smoke and eat...
 anyone up wanna smoke
 im so ready to eat and smoke
 okay that joint had me high as fuck  hella boutaa go to the river and smoke anothaaaa one
 smoky af  smoke yours  gang gang backwoodbullies affluent @ san bernardino  california 
 to smoke again or to go to bed 
 stayhome amp smoke a blunt
 if i smoke before work the time will go by so slow 
 my smoke detector is dying so it keeps beeping but honestly im too lazy to get up to take the battery out lol
 who wanna smoke
 gonna smoke this loud and pray i fall back asleep
 if you wanna go and get high with me   smoke a l in the back of the benz e oh why do i feel this way ayeee must be the 
 gotta fat ass blunt rolled. but im too lazy to go smoke it
 people hey  lets go to a hookah bar  me we cant just buy some weed instead 
 ill fuck around and smoke this whole 8th on the ride back to de frfr 
 bout to smoke this last blunt
 i deadass smoke like its my medicine fr.. headache joint. when i cant sleep joint.
 i wanna smoke but ion got no rello
 the weed in buffalo is trash i cant do this i need to go back to the city
 i wanna have a big smoke session one morning 
 yooooo  i cannot wait to smoke the fatttest joint w @katehedges amp @sydneyelss when i get back in townnn  
 no one is going to smoke with me im gonna have to use an apple 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 ima go get jayce from across the street get me some weed amp go home
 i just wanna smoke an get food wit someone nbs 
 never will i ever just wanna smoke.. i wanna smoke vibe n experience 
 mornings like this one make me wanna be under the influence of xanax and marijuana.
 i just want to smoke and chill on the beach today with a mango in my hand
 someone smoke rn not trying to go home and sleep
 @itzelj23 wanna come over tonight to watch girls amp smoke a joint
 yes  i smoke weed..i dont drink..im tryna quit cigarettes..i also finished school last may  not in 2014..i work an office job..i go to 24
 i just wanted to wake up and hit the weed
 deliver me a rillo but then leave bc i dont wanna smoke with no one 
 lets smoke amp go to the swapmeet
 well i guess since my plans fell through today  anyone wanna smoke and go to the movies with me
 bout go outside smoke nice phat blunt dime of sour to head solo me an mr hyde
 i wanna smoke right now
 those who can smoke cannabis before they work out are breaking down every lazy stoner stereotype. 
 about to head back home smoke some dope then do laundry.
 i just wanna hang out  smoke you out  and talk about life 
 niggas be in a bum ass house all day 7 deep smokin weed and playin 2k  aint took no type of shower in 3 days n wanna talk bout another nigga
 a nigga just trying to smoke a sack and chill bruh
 ready to get this food amp smoke this blunt... literally all im worried about right now...
 rollin off a yoppa  heavy reefer puffer
 when you wanna wake up and smoke but forgot you rolled yo last blunt at 5am  shxd i  gotta go out this door
 thats sad how someone wanna pick weed over the girl they love lmfao yall lame as fuck
 your mother came home to finished chores  collard greens amp hot chicken...my mother came home to weed smoke  baking soda amp pots missing..
 a nigga like me will go to the beach and sip and smoke all day just to get some peace...
 just wanna watch buffy and smoke
 wait a min  roll up the weed
 like just go to park and smoke all day
 anyone wanna smoke i need friends
 and smoke a a blunt 
 j really needs to wake up for i drive to hempstead myself
 those who can smoke cannabis before they work out are breaking down every lazy stoner stereotype. 
 but still wanna smoke
 already dreaming about the blunt im gonna smoke tonight
 with new scrubbing systems for smokestacks we can incinerate the plastics we dont recycle. sxsw
 im boutta smoke a bowl in my bathtub bc ... 
 i smoked some weed to deal with my hangover and go back to sleep but now im casually having an existential crisis smh
 want to smoke and be lazy today
 im smoke dis blunt while eating my chinese food rn
 just woke up from an awesome weed nap
 i roll it up and i smoke it all
 all i want right now is some inn and out burger and a fat ass smoke sack
 i cant wait to touch back home and smoke a fatty
 my hair smell like smoke  cant wait to get off and wash it
 i smoke a new joint everytime. even though theres 20 olds in my ash tray
 wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke whatever hes smoking 
 i roll some weed up then im out  im what they talking bout.
 just wanna smoke amp chill...
 does anyone in new haven wanna smoke with 5 shorties
 just tryna smoke an l back 82 or somethingg
 imextremelygood at helping you get a medical marijuana recommendation.
 fuck the hangover thats why i smoke weed 
 id wanna kick shorty out after smoking my weed too. ion blame him  
 wanna smoke and go to chipotle..
 y is my family so extra they felt the need to set the smoke detectors off to wake me up from my nap
 panel alert @sxsw legalized marijuana whats happening now 314 acc9ab 1112 @gaynellsplanet @empax1 
 i just wanna smoke 
 i just wanna smoke a leaf
 off work a dude just wanna shower smoke and lay down
 i just wanna enjoy this medical marijuana wit someone.
 im trynna smoke a fucking blunt rn
 hate coming to indy without kiarah bc i never have anyone to smoke wit 
 going home   smoke a blunt  putting my phone on dnd  and im going take a nap 
 in inkster where i smoke everyday 
 gonna smoke amp gts
 im finna smoke a fat ass blunt 
 i wanna smoke amp kik it
 who wanna smoke up
 damn where are the girls that can really pearl aka roll a blunt.  shoot ill provide the weed just roll up. 
 finally got to chill with ma girl @ smokestack brew 
 he just smoked a blunt 
 i just wanna smoke 
 man i just wanna smoke a blunt and chill but i cant cause i aint got nothing. 
 i wanna have a weed event at my crib
 ian fucking around today   im finna get me some smoke and watch movies all day
 i wanna get smoked out tonight
 wanna smoke big dodo tonight in have sex but that ant gone happen
 i just  wanna  smoke  my cigarette  without  my phone blowing up 
 fuck mee chocolate then rool up in u steep wit a sausage make u eat chili mac smoke a sack drink some henny coffee cake jobs ahhh
 all we fuck smoke n sleep
 someone hangout w me  i wanna smoke amp do something to make me happy and forget about this week
 i wanna smoke
 grapevine smoked lamb sweetbread  red vine  charred vegetable @ amuse. 
 wanna smoke n get some food.
 fuck it gonna have a drink and smoke this blunt 
 i wanna smoke but i want my voice to get 100 better. 
 just wanna smoke amp chill
 i need a fat ass blunt and i dont even smoke 
 all we do is smoke amp fuck ..
 hearing people talk bout they high stories make me wanna smoke
 id smoke a blunt in my backyard rn if i had bud 
 all i wanna do is love and smoke weed  
 i cant wait for a lil smoke session after work 
 waiting on baby to get off so we can go home  i wanna get back in bed and smoke until my lungs collapse
 the most weed friendly cities in the usa 
 this is a serious offer. does anyone wanna go get food ill smoke u out u just need to drive.
 imma smoke this blunt  forget about u
 just wish i had people to smoke a blunt with and just talk
 im about to smoke this pressure with janaia  let her get in the shower  and im gone eat her  soon as she hop out 
 i just wanna go home and smoke a damn blunt
 yes @tweedthornton smoke filled room is at my beloved @blackstonehotel glad you remember your tour. i will try t 
 i aint about to roll up no joint wit my weed ill wait hours till a backwood appears
 want someone i can put in work with at the gym but also smoke a blunt and eat an entire pizza with ya feel
 need a girl i can smoke amp lay up w .. 
 need a girl i can smoke amp lay up with .. 
 she just wanna smoke and fuck.. 
 gonna get me a lil shordy who like to smoke  go out take lit pics eat  amp rub my ass
 only in dearborn can you get a cut from your barber at 2  then go kick it with him and smoke at his house later on at 9
 i wonder do he wanna smoke w me lol
 i wonder do he wanna smoke w me lol
 stress ate a burrito the size of my arm  i wanna go home  smoke  be a hermit  and watch yu gi oh
 niggas wake up at 8am and stead of being productive they smoke a blunt and pass back out till 2 n da afternoon
 just wanna get the fuck out of work so i can smoke amp go to bed 
 johnny football new girl is a smoke show
 if you cant pass the blunt right  dont smoke w me
 all i wanna do tonight is smoke hella weed and get lost in a controversial climate change documentary  have a great night everyone.
 i wanna smoke and want somebody to match me
 bout to eat good  smoke and watch movies for the rest of the night
 cant wait to go to cali and smoke my fuckin head off
 my manager smoked me out rn at work
 had to skrt off on my parents  this blunt not gone smoke itself lol
 ready to go home and smoke this blunt 45 more minutes on this bus
 and we back in northern cali come fuck with us shattershotsesh smoke with kings  
 in the mood to smoke and blunt and go for a car ride
 anybody wanna smoke a few joints  get drunk  and play guitar
 make your bed play for dead kill your enemies smoke down get drunk
 i just wanna have sex and cuddle and smoke and pass out
 carols like why cant anyone leave me the fuck alone i just want some tea and have a smoke thewalkingdead
 fuck bowling lmao im ready to smoke
 less then 6 hours i gotta get up for work.. to stay up or go to bed  ....lemme just smoke about it first. 
 finally back home. bout to smoke and listen to this devin. oohweee
 boss paid me 50 to do a double im bout to grab some weed and chill till 4
 @lilethabasedgod you got to unless you wanna keep wasting weed lmfao
 this nigga said he gonna go smoke on a boat lmao he 15 
 i wanna cruise amp smoke a blunt with my friends 
 you smoking with some hornballs lmao i mean i be horny too but if you just coming to smoke then thats what we gon 
 im just go smoke blunt then come back and go back to sleep
 @crystallily17 come kick it buboys wanna smokeeee
 who aint broke and wanna smoke
 just gonna smoke a blunt and come home and sleep again
 1. rush to plane. make it w 3 minutes to spare. 2. smoke in cabin. 3. people want to get off. 4. lets roll. ill take my chances.
 if its not grabba or papers  i dont wanna smoke it 
 if you want to go and get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benze
 just in the mood to cuddle amp smoke  but i forgot i dont have a man
 i just took a killer 4 hour nap  smoked a bowl back and i have the entire coloring book album playing on my speaker. mass euphoria bro
 just burnt my fucking finger tip tryna smoke a bowl in walla walla. fuck this place 
 i dont wanna smoke alone 
 guess bout to go for a drive and smoke this blunt
 theres nothing i wanna do rn more than smoke  eat and cuddle up to my baby 
 uhm i wanna smoke but i have no blunts 
 i wanna smoke a blunt and vibe to throwbacks w a lil boo  why yall playing games
 bout to smoke a grip
 bout to smoke a grip
 been working since 1130am i cant wait to smoke a blunt lmao
 dont wanna smoke alone but then again i do
 dont have a single plan for the next 23 days so if anyone wants to chill  maybe smoke a bowl or 17  or get married  lmk 
 dont even wanna smoke..
 from what we have seen of trump  where there is smoke there is an inferno.. 
 i wanna link with some girls and just be pretty and have fun smoke weed but bitches wanna hattttte on the low
 anyone in madera want to smoke a blunt
 really just wanna smoke a blunt in a hot bath.
 waiting for the day i get a boo who can pick me up for a cruise at night  smoke a blunt  eat amp just talk and shit.. wya
 sometimes you just gota smoke dabs in bed and order 40 worth of delivery chinese for yourself...
 someone come smoke a blunt with me when i get back
 im getting old   i just wanna stay in smoke some bowls bd sleeep
 im so exhausted. im just ready to get home and shower  smoke  then go to sleep
 i really feel like im gone die if i drink or smoke. not even being dramatic i really feel so horrible now if im intoxicated i cant do it.
 eat good smoke great on the best coast calilifecrabhut best shit on the planet @ casa de 
 wish i could jus cuddle w bae n smoke my reefa  all day
 i really wanna smoke but aint nobody out 
 me when i smoke a joint alone 
 just wanna smoke my bowl and be sad
 just wanna smoke my bowl and be sad all night 
 should i smoke a blunt and then take a shower orrr the other way around 
 bout to roll  shower  smoke  eat and watch movies by myself in that order. bye yall
 anybody wanna smoke 
 i rather smoke   eat and go to sleep 
 fuck tee lets smoke dis fatboy up
 beach  listen to music  smoke amp eat fruit all day until the sun sets. 
 just wanna smoke amp goto sleep
 i just smoked a blunt wit yo boyfriend 
 my dog gets so upset when i go downstairs to smoke but her fat ass too big for all that.
 the weather is so nice out i should roll one and smoke to the moonlight
 cant wait to smoke a blunt again 
 cant sleep gonna just smoke and see if that works 
 cant wait to go home and smoke a fat dab hit after work...
 so when you gonna smoke me out ... 
 i just wanna smoke and watch netflix. all i want rn 
 @briamishelle smoke you a blunt and go to sleep
 i just wanna smoke a wood
 i should clean my room but instead im gonna smoke shitty rolled joints and listen to sad music  what a life.
 when u get to smoke all your work becus ya bf coming home amp he aint he let u trap so u work your regular job 
 when your boyfriend coming home  so you get to smoke all of your work because he wont let you trap amp you work your regular job 
 i just wanna smoke good weed ..
 i cant sleep so im gonna smoke  hopefully i still wake up to toris calls tm 
 its so cold outside ion even wanna go smoke
 about lay in bed n smoke b4 i fall asleep
 wanna move somewhere i can see the stars clear when i smoke
 you gotta whip  i got chu wait till the 20th smoke fat  
 i dont smoke but itll be dumb to go to cali and not spark a blunt or three.
 i havent smoked in forever and im so down to roll a blunt rn
 im gonna smoke pot for 30 days like what this was actually a doc what about im gonna smoke weed for 6 years like wheres my doc
 im just wanna smokeee with someone
 i just wanna smoke amp cuddle 
 im trying to smoke to get rid of this headache 
 lets smoke
 im kinda ready to take on my smoothie soup diet this week but the thought of a smoked salmon sandwich sounds amazing 
 i wanna smoke but to lazy to roll
 should i smoke or just go to sleep
 i just wanna smoke and sleep
 im just gonna  smoke some blunts while listening to dom kennedy and curreny
 i just wanna smoke and go to sleep 
 my son john by smokey bastard is nowplaying in devils advocate  minneapolis.
 tryna smoke amp cuddle
 wanna go smoke a bowl but dont wanna put on clothes
 wanna go on a smoke drive and talk about life
 she wanna get drunk and smoke a couple of gars
 one of my coworkers just called me to smoke like bro go to sleep
 will this smokers cough let me sleep tonight
 i really cannot sleep. and i have no weed. i guess imma sip some lean tonight
 imma smoke me a nice ass blunt wen i get out this bitch
 take me to get bud and i will smoke you out
 i cant wait to go home  eat  smoke  drink and watch shameless. haha
 i should honestly go back to bed  im tired. but maybe i should smoke this clip
 im out in the country. its peaceful. i just wanna go on the porch and smoke
 usually theres a smoke session before bed but being at home i have to accommodate but damn  i cant sleep 
 the only thing about being home is i cant smoke in the house
 cant wait to smoke a cig and admire the beautiful night sky in mexico 
 imma smoke this last blunt thoughh
 should i smoke this other l or wait till my 1230 class
 why they got 3 blunts for me to smoke by myself before i leave for work 
 i just wanna play with his hair  listen to cool music and smoke with him.
 who wanna smoke
 once i get home today im gonna smoke  shower than sleep.
 i wanna smoke a blunt but guess my lungs need a break 
 tryna sleep without my trazodone or weed 
 im just tryna smoke a bowl wit jessica alba 1 time
 ion wanna eat i wanna smoke amp fucc you
 woke up out of a dead sleep to drink some water  smoke a bowl and eat a brownie. life is great.
 lol good morning from my broken bus thats shooting out smoke and pumping out cold air 
 now he wont leave me alone amp i just wanna smoke amp go back to sleep 
 i wanna smoke a bluntttttt.
 @venusfiower lets smoke a blunt today
 free or if not almsot free college for shooting 3s or catching touchdowns literally take that any day over some xans or weed
 i dropped bri off at work amp she gave me a blunt some weed and keys to get the gb mom goals 
 i hate how youre going out of town because whos gonna roll my weed lmao
 what is there to do in colorado other then smoke weed i wanna go site seeing but dont know where
 yooooo someone bring me some mutha fuckin weed
 im at tokyo smoke in toronto  on 
 real stoner know not to touch a mf last bud or last blunt period. you a fuckin weed head 
 @madelson is this you saying you wanna grown weed in our apartment
 @veganhotdog can u smoke a dab
 @indiescent @tennesseeluna you gonna get called sad as shit  go smoke up some more  smh
 youn wanna smoke bruh
 khy better get up before i smoke this blunt without him 
 depressed when im bout to smoke all my shit
 ima smoke a bowl n chill
 day 4 of sxsw and all i want in the world are two joints.   not weed  replacement knees.
 cold weather needs to chill out not tryna triple layer my clothes to smoke
 wake and bake with me i dont wanna smoke alone 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gobe forget you..
 im tryna smoke a joint
 when smoke enters the building at your job  so you try to go home at 
 you smoke before bed  
 toyotaofboerne is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 @psiloveyouu probably like 1230 ish just we bout to smoke before we go
 i wanna smoke but im to cold to move
 iwan go by yarei  lay up and smoke sum.
 your mcm woke up at 9 to tweet we gon get after it today just to smoke amp play 2k all day in his moms basement 
 should i eat some weed chocolate before work
 all she wanna do is smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do. 
 work  sleep  smoke  everyday
 so much to do  so ill prob just smoke and nap all day 
 i just wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke dont wanna move tho 
 can i wake up amp smoke a blunt on a balcony by the beach every morning 
 .@repseanduffy duffys smoke and mirrors | superior telegram 
 @wroetoshaw i have weed at home just hmu 
 yeah you do.  how are you going to understand and find errors in models   holly smokes.  
 i just wanna smoke my bowl while i do my makeuppp 
 im gonna take my weedehacker to them 
 when you smoke good the roaches are half blunt...
 how you gon sell bud .. but you smoke it ..
 i always smoke in my room when im home alone
 who will still be der wen da smoke clears 
 legal weed debate. man. sxsw2017 @ sxsw 
 cant wait to go home and smoke. bc we arent allowed to at work for whatever dumb reason
 somebody wanna take me to my hair appointment  i got gas lol  and i aint talking about  weed
 anyone out there wanna bring me a smoothie id smoke ya up 
 i want to go drifting and smoke a blunt lmao
 first blunt in over a week. should i eat my cheesesteak then smoke or smoke then eat my cheesesteak or do both at the same time
 i wanna go smoke hookah with chris but of course im working 
 fuck it just smoke weed and chill
 somebody tryna go with me while i get tatted i need em to roll my weed
 fuck it ill just smoke a bowl and snipe some pussies off walls and out the air and shit
 i really wanna smoke but its brick as fuck outside
 i just lay in the bed  smoke weed and get my thang touched till it dont work no more lmaooo
 a day dont go by ion smoke pressure
 you smoke crack if you actually enjoy this type of weather
 who gon smoke me out at  sxsw  lolol
 damn son   rip angel. i smoked my first extendo with you.   rest in peace beloved.
 its so hard to smoke a blunt with a sore throat but im gonna power through it cause mama aint raise no bitch
 i just want to lay in bed and smoke a blunt while listening to some oldies 
 i just wanna smoke weed 
 just gonna smoke dabs amp watch netflix all day. feel free to join me
 i wanna smoke a blunt by a beach and let the sounds of the waves clear my head
 i feel but if you gonna smoke might as well try to get stuck 
 goddamn girl wassup i just wanna chill smoke and fuckkk
 about to smoke a blunt and eat it all 
 i just wanna smoke 10 bowls before work
 my co workers go out of their way daily to remind me that they smoke weed.  like thats gonna make them think theyre cool. lmao.
 wen da smoke buddies pullup hi @ austin  texas 
 @fuckjoshura haha i wish  all i have is dabs and i just wanna smoke some blunts
 fuck with me and get smoked or fuck with me and smoke too.
 i wanna smoke amp cuddle w trent
 dis is smoke a lot of weed  horror movies and cuddle type of weather
 someone come get me amp lets smoke a blunt 
 i jus wanna smoke a blunt with @rihanna n talk that talk...
 i smoke weed  lets pop a joint jonas 
 who wanna smoke 
 its a beautiful day to go smoke a blunt but im in class until like midnight 
 743 vcu 4.5. vcu is a mirror image of ut arlington. ut smoked the gaels with their press amp athletes in moranga amp vcu more physical inside
 @famousdex wassup smoke woods
 i drink beer with my food not smoke weed. i drink beer and watch football not smoke weed. 
 if u smoke a blunt and not snapchat it did u really smoke a blunt 
 who wanna come over and smoke sum htx
 hiring fair is still on today from 68pm work with weed everyday vancouverjobs budtenderlife hiringfair jobsbc 
 @2smart4u its sad but we are only left extremes on both sides. the moderate politician is being weeded out
 medicalmarijuana marijuana cancerfighter cancersurvivor great for moms who use medical marijuana amp deter kids 
 i rather smoke n jus 4get
 i just want a career with descent pay and benefits  then i wanna be able to come home and smoke a joint why is that such a bad thing
 bad idea to smoke before laundromat fuck fuck
 happy to go home thinking i had bud but i forgot i literally had thrown all my weed outside 
 i just wanna smoke weed tho
 really wanna smoke an lay up with somebody son 
 you smoke but cant roll .. how that work 
 top secret weed stash     ihopenooneseesmy
 really depressed gunna smoke keef see u on the other side
 so annoyed i just wanna smoke a blunt 
 im bout to take a nice walk and smoke my life away 
 chill out amp smoke a blunt ho
 trying to decide on what ima really do for 420... should i go back to la  go to colorado  or just save money and smoke at home 
 all i wanna do is smoke
 be racing home to my weed after work
 me amp cap use to smoke back to back amp ride with gats around
 when you wanna chill with your homies they always busy but when you wanna smoke they running 
 about to smoke a blunt to the face cuz thats the kinda day im having 
 about to smoke a blunt to the face cuz thats the kinda day ive had 
 just wanna ride around and smoke
 i shouldve waited till later to smoke this l now i cant get nothing done sexthenbed
 love when my boyfriend comes home amp we just chill and smoke
 i cant wait to land and smoke a cig
 therefore i use in sarcasm and f up weedy comedy n i dance fucking great i still burn up the floor i can tiny fairy b ballerinas watch
 im always in a bad mood when i dont get to smoke atleast a couple bowls
 i havent smoked in 2 days and everything and everyone is pissing me off or bothering me . i just wanna be high somewhere
 never liked edibles .. i wanna smoke my shit
 i just wanna go to an island and smoke all day.
  gas hmu fuck off if i am gonna smoke weed im not gettin it from you 
 cant wait to get home and smoke a much much needed blonte to the face
 big blunt smoked 4 fatties 
 anyone in shorewood wanna smoke
 i wish i had girl scout cookies to smoke instead of eat
 anyone wanna smoke
 hate not having weed i just wanna smokeeee
 also cant wait to smoke a fat j after this long ass day
 buds of the flowering plant are when cannaboid thccbt concentration is strongest. this govt weed is undernourished and harvested wrong
 honestly just want to kick back  smoke and b around straight positivity for my birthday   
 i just wanna get a tea  smoke a j and have a life talk with a friend 
 my cousin smokes high grade. i feel like im ready to die.
 wanna smoke a wood 
 gon find you a nice crack smoker on this block  
 i get home every night to a home cooked meal  wine and weed. i love this man. im so blessed. 
 wanna smoke a mild but i cant 
 i just wanna smoke
 anyone wanna go get me some fruit amp shit ill give you some weed i cant function thats whyyy lol
 i just wanna smoke some bomb ass weed and have sex rest of the night
 i smoke myself to sleep
 i wake up early in the morning drink my coffe hot and smoke my purp.
 @swervho yeah... he already told me to hmu when i get back so we can smoke. where you guys wanna smoke at
 whom gonna smoke me out rn.
 you cool. lets smoke a bowl 
 someone come smoke me out ill make u a quesadilla or salmon n mac n cheese
 worst night of my life and i just wanna smoke and cuddle 
 gonna go home and smoke
 just wanna go home and smoke a blunt
 i wanna smokeeee
  whats the first thing youre gonna do when you get fired from pci  smoke a fat ass blunt  
 aw fuck i wanna smoke lmfao
 my birthday is tomorrow and all i wanna do is paint and smoke weed and get wine drunk in a field with all my friends
 i have big plans to get some coffee   smoke a blunt and cry c ya
 i really wanna smoke a fat ass blunt rn
 she wan smoke my dope   aye
 ive been a negative bitch all day when i get to the crib im gonna water my plants  smoke and listen to buena vista social club
 its always people that smoke mids that wanna match 
 really trying to wait until he gets here so i can smoke then eat but man he drive way too slow 
 i just wanna smoke 
 wheniaminbedalone i smoke a blunt
 we fight  fuck  smoke a l  fuck  go eat  fuck  fuck  fuck
 my nerves bad i need some weed amp food
 bout to smoke this l
 time to smoke a blunt and cry
 i wanna smoke.... again
 i wanna smoke a fat ass blunt
 i wanna smoke 
 if i dont smoke this blunt in the next hour i aint gonna make it
 i dont even wanna smoke.
 watch them take an l while you smoke an l 
 now that i have my own apartment im down to smoke more but where tf am i gonna get a plug in garland
 take a l  smoke a l
 finally off of work and all i wanna do is smoke a blunt or joint with someone. any takers
 came home  smoked  napped  amp now about to go solo on a long walk while listening to planet money podcast. this is the life  ladies amp gents.
 finna smoke this strong dope amp eat these al pastor tacos amp cry
 let me watch my oysters and smoke this blunt real quick
 cornmeal catfish reuben along with smoked rigatoni amp cheese @ 
 cornmeal catfish reuben along with smoked rigatoni amp cheese @ 
 i wanna smoke and just ease my mind .. just one time bro .
 im up from my nap now i wanna smoke
 someonee ft while i smoke my blunt
 all she wanna do is smoke that brocolli
 im not sleepy. i just wanna lay in bed amp smoke a blunt
 i was gonna quit smoking weed today  but i had a salad instead.
 ever since i turned 18 my parents have been convinced im gonna get locked up for possession of marijuana  lmaooo
 ima still smoke up but fuck the rest 
 bout to smoke amp dont wanna be bother
 i kinda wanna smoke but i kinda dont but then again i kinda do
 trying to smoke a bowl kick out some jams rn
 i wanna smoke.... but then again... i am gonna smoke idk wtf i was thinking.
 i was gonna get ready to smoke and then checked that i dont have any more weed 
 the only thing i ever do after work is smoke n eat smh
 trying to smoke a bowl amp strum out a couple jams rn
 time to go smoke this bowl pack
 lets go smoke in the mountains and dance in the flower fields.
 kinda wanna go to the bar.. kinda just wanna smoke weed 
 wanna have a smoke sesh with my homies from preschool class of 2000
 im just gonna smoke this hurt away
 to be honest  im really afraid to see what my life will come to when im finished binging weeds. probably gonna get really depressed
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 mannnnn i hate the snow but im gonna go smoke in it
 my brother just said when i grow up im not gonna do any drugs  im not gonna do vapor  drink marijuana  drink moonshine or whiskey hes 8
 bout to study this spanish   smoke   then ko im beyond tired 
 wanna smoke u got weed right lets hang can u pick me up and drive everywhere we wanna go lets shoot no  i 
 wheres this snow at im just tryna smoke in bed with flurries out my window.
 feeling some type of way... i just wanna smoke a fat fucking joint..and forget this shit
 i love when people post eeevveeryy single time they smoke a blunt bc its like you aint special its 2017 everyone smokes
 who tryn smoke 
 so glad im about to smoke this headache away 
 i just wanna smoke and run awayyyy.
 fuck around with them fuck arounds you gon fuck around amp get smoked 
 i gotta smoke before bed so i can get a good nice sleep
 we just smoked 1 blunt through 3 states...
 @yfpray i got smoke for anyone
 i love being home endless sleep weed food etc
 tripping on acid and we about to go drive to get weed if i die itll be worth it
 i wanted to smoke so bad but nobody was fuckin w me so im just gon hit a mean cry
 i wanna go back to before i ever smoked weed bruh  literally the worst decision and best decision i ever made
 finna smoke dis blunt and go to bed
 really wish i had someone to chill with after work when i get off late and smoke a blunt
 just smoked a keef blunt at 1130 blacked out til 1245 wakes up gets food roles another backwood
 n ion wanna hit yo weed. i got my own
 really just wanna sit outside and chain smoke bc fuck life rn
 when you smoke at fat bowl the earth shakes
 all up in my feels way too deep rn  gonna smoke a bowl and try and sleep it off 
 when you wanna smoke but you told yourself youre not spending money until you get paid
 gonna go sit on the lake and drink amp smoke  clear my mind
 shit anyone delivering weed tomorrow
 anyone tryna kick it and smoke
 you wanna smoke but you cant buy weed
 we gon smoke us a cigarette and go back to sleep  sleep  sleeeeeeeep 
 why is everyone so triggered over nothing omg smoke a bowl amp go to bed pls
 scr35 new urging congress reassess federal definition of industrial hemp 
 everyone in auburn has bedtimes now i just wanna smoke 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt where eveyone at
 i wanna smoke  but gotta wait until i get hired in my job
 she just wanna smoke amp fuck ..... 
 why did so much happen today lmfao im so ready to lay in my bed and enjoy this blunt since my parents dont care if i smoke anymore
 i got one blunt left til wednesday and im saving this hoe to smoke tomorrow but i need it rn 
 when ur drunk and wanna smoke but cant 
 i dont wanna do anything rn but smoke
 it just took me two hours to realize why i cant sleep bc i forgot i had weed lol im packing a fat bowl and goin the fuck to sleep
 i told myself not to smoke another blunt tonight but thats looking dead lol
 wait theres weed in the package...not swishers 
 i cant smoke with taylor no more  she over here talking all crazy amp shit
 bout to smoke amp go tf back to sleep
 i really wanna smoke a blunt with my pops
 i just wanna smoke a fat ass blunt and forget
 if you smoke bowls fuck you
 did someone wanna come smoke with me so i can wind tf down
 she just wanna smoke and fuck
 finishes a fat blunt my cousin okay lets go to the car so you can roll a joint to smoke more  i swear we are faded 247
 someone smoke me up i cant sleep
 whys it so hard to go to sleep sober when ur a weed addict
 should i smoke one more bowl or go to sleep  i work at 10
 go to work  go to school  smoke my weed with the select few associates i have  and stay in the house with my twins 
 i did not smoke all day besides the dab i took to drive down the mtn
 waiting on 630 so i can smoke and take my ass to bed
 i just wanna smoke a blunt.
 i smoke so much in ny i cant sleep without a blunt now 
 when you hit the blunt and smoke go in your eye 
 so im in fontana amp wanna smoke
 whos up around fort worth lets smoke
 about to smoke again and go to sleep.
 cant wait to smoke a phat bowl and eat some sushi 
 i wanna smoke a fatass blunt but im too lazy to roll up 
 should be sleep but im finna go smoke weed lol
 when you have weed errrbody wanna smoke yo shit and be your friend 
 i wanna smoke and lay up 
 hungry amp wanna smoke
 finna shower then sleep then wake up smoke a blunt then go back to sleep
 so recreational weed is legal in nevada gonna have a good time when i move 
 gonna smoke a blunt and take some photos in the snow while i get to work
 can go bacc too sleep who wanna smoke 
 yes weed can get moldy. if youve ever thot u smoked laced weed before  it was prolly just shit moldy weed.
 she said she wanna roll w me and smoke up all my weed
 this that smoke a blunt and let me feel your booty type weather 
 let me stop playing homegirl can have smoke   aint no pressure 
 she smoke them cheap ass blunt wraps... 
 got send home from work who tryna burn some marijuana
 just wanna lay in bed and smoke weed
 its too cold to even go smoke fuck it
 grabs bud  crushes. guts dutch  sizes. sprinkles weed in dutch  sizes. removes excess paper  licks. rolls blunt  verifies. sparks and 
 i just wanna not have to worry about smokin weed man.
 ima smokeamp be in bed all day this is beautiful
 if yall wanna smoke whichyyyyaaaaa girl today  wouldnt mind.
 ready to smoke a fat daddy w my hunny
 we gone wake up amp smoke us a blunt and fucc
 i wish i had some cash on me to give to a smoker or somebody to clean my car off...i dont wanna go outside 
 might go play in the snow   smoke a blunt
 i need a full time picture taker benifits ride in the benz and smoke hella blunts
 you either gonna get weed or pussy in this weather lol
 wanna lay next to you naked amp smoke all day
   im fuxkinqq sinqle who wanna smoke now lt3
 hope your day gets better beautiful... smoke a blunt  
 anyone who ask a political organization if they can smoke a joint and how to talk deserves to go to jail 
 i cant wait to smoke weed again
 my mom swears i smoke rollers .. like what is that  let me get a dollar what you need it for a roller 
 imma lay in the snow and smoke a blunt n just chill
 gonna smoke big dope on the way to austin
 i just wanna smoke and sleep all day
 i wanna smoke a blunt rn 
 bout to smoke this fat ass l
 im getting off here .. i just wanna smoke at this point
 now you know us lesbians go all night  take a smoke break then get back to it  
 my brother sick my mom home amp he cant smoke  im about to get high as shit 
 cant even smoke my blunt its cold as a mf outside
 after a long day at school amp work   i just wanna smoke amp lay up fr 
 anybody wanna smoke me up ill give you some smiles
 getting high deadass just make niggas eat then sleep wake up smoke more then do same shit. i gotta stop this fr.
 god bless savannah will be home tomorrow to prep me and smoke a blunt w me
 sleep smoke work thats all ima be doing this spring break 
 really about to go smoke this blunt in the blizzard with my girls 
 i just wanna smoke a edible and eat a blunt w you 
 im pretty jealous of people that can smoke before they go to sleep and wake up high  never happens to me
 since no weed man wanna answer they goddamn phone imma go use this money to get chinese food
 just wanna smoke hella dope amp chill by the pool today... amp i will
 i just wanna smoke
 go get my weed then bae 
 i just wanna smoke n watch step brothers
 yeah you might be working but all your money goes to liquor amp weed. i cant relate sis.
 im just tryna smoke and my bathroom doesnt wanna steam today
 still wanna smoke an l with my bro before he blows tf up  cause its gonna happen @ayookd 
 bruh i smoked a blunt at 11 then i knocked out...still high rn
 no lie i dont smoke but i wanna smoke one right noooow  lmao
 roll my weed on it thats an asstray
 im gonna just start selling weed again this is preposterous
 i wanna smoke bouta fish bowl my crib on some crazy shit
 get you a girl who smoke newports and listen to boosie and webbie all day
 all i wanna do rn is smoke or sleep
 bout to smoke this blunt and go to work
 if i smoke this blunt boy im gon forget you
 if your gonna smoke something smoke a damn cigarette.
 1. bassnectar 2. excision 3. g jones  4. 12th 5. krimmer   6. boogie t  7. ganja white night  8. louis the child 9. datsik
 government distributing twigs and stems  id hate weed too if thats what im smoking 
 im having severe weed withdrawals im so antsy and i have a headache
 i cant wait to get back to school for some good weed
 bored n hungry wish my future wife was here so we could smoke and go eat n shit
 cant smoke weed to it i dont wanna listen to it 
 @quavostuntin lesss smoke sum 
 @jeffhxlt @defjoenes can we coordinate with my old ass on a weekend of garage hangs and smoke sesh
 about to risk it all and go get some weed
 i smoke a hundred blunts as soon as i wake up
 when you wanna smoke but dont know anyone lol. iamcanadian
 kinda wanna smoke a blunt  today
 i just smoked a blunt wit yo girlfriend 
 its so nice outside i wanna smoke
 clocked out at 420 gonna go home and smoke a blunt then have sex i love snow days
 im already over this snow day i wanna eat  i wanna smoke  i wanna fck also and im getting none of the three right now. just headaches
 when the weed kicks in 
 thursday im going to the river  i just wanna smoke and lay out somewhere 
 all they wanna do is fuck with no strings attached  lay up with whoever  and smoke weed 
 cancelled flight to sxsw this cali weed too good i cant leave 
 all i wanna do is watch drunk history  chain smoke  and take sleeping pills until i can have my normal life back
 nissan sanmarcos is nowplaying blowin smoke by kaceymusgraves cubevenue
 hol up..jus wanna give a shoutout to weed 1 time 
 @nelsonmfc i just smoked 3.1416 of my joint
 after realizing how hard it is for me to  breath i dont wanna smoke
 really wanna smoke with her ..... bout to be a lil direct
 can i just go home and smoke and eat and nap 
 i cant wait to go home and put a face mask on while i smoke a blunt 
 i need to get those nails with the weed in them and see if work will send me home bc of them
 thats trim and stems lol wheres the marijuana 
 food truck smoked brisket.  amazing greatpeople @ r.o.s outpost 
 i just wanna be a jazz artist in a smokey bar
 if anyone brought me food while im working tonight i would pay you in weed or dabs
 if you smoke  drink  fuck  or eat  you still gonna die. so might as well smoke  drink  fuck  and eat all the shit you want to.
 nigga roll my weed and get the fuck up out my face 
 ive come to the conclusion i rather jus smoke weed than sell it
 all ive done today is smoke eat and sleep
 trynna go home and smoke already cahah
 there will never be anyone better to smoke a blunt with other than your brothers 
 please just smoke a fuckin blunt 
 this nigga said if you smoke special american cigarettes go far from the bus im crying
 i cannot wait to smoke a blunt
 @famousdex smoke up when i get back 
 if u still pick up on 10 sacks amp dubs kys. what u gonna smoke...a blunt jus 1.
 i wanna smoke lol
 i rlly wanna smoke amp goto waffle house right quick.
 if youre gonna smoke on snapchat.. make sure you inhale the smoke... cuz uh yeah lmao
 usa  a place where theres an age that you can go die in a war but you cant smoke a cigarette 
 im hungry and wanna smoke but whats new
 fuck with me amp get smoked  or fuck with me amp smoke too
 someone wanna smoke with me after my class 
 got a wisdom tooth pulled today and all i wanna do is smokeeeee and i cant 
 why isnt steven answering me  i wanna go over to smoke n come home n nap . i think i am gonna show up like always 
 can rob come back so i can smoke him out plzzzz
 i wanna smoke and chill
 now watch me smoke this blunt n forget ya ass even existed 
 if you wanna go ahead and smoke your life away whether you like it or not you know that hits for me 
 watch someone die from government marijuana and they gon blame it all on weed 
 when i run out of weed im gonna get back to my old self lol im turning into a greasy lazy bowl of spaghetti
 im off work  lets smoke weed
 @hardlybjorking @lms97 im jus tryna bussa nutt then walcc wit tha grimm reefer pls
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and play 2k
 on god just need to go on a long  drive to nh or sumn  talk  and cry my eyes out. then go get food and smoke and have everything b ok again
 on god just need to go on a long drive to nh or sumn  talk  and cry my eyes out. then go get food and smoke and have everything b ok again
 ...partygoers took to the beach to smoke joints  have sex in public  chug from bags of wine and pass out on the sand 
 do you wanna smoke another bong is that even a question lol
 you ever jus smoke
 just gon smoke bc
 bout to smoke by myself because idk where my boyfriend @
 i just wanna smoke. 
 @skrymir42 @stuart180 ive seen marketing that encourages no smokers to vape. if you cant see it then you do not understand the issue.
 bored so imma smoke n go to bed
 now i get to go home smoke and relax w my cats 
 your bf go broke buying weed from me while you on here talking about how bad you wanna go on a date 
 anyone trying to smoke this blunt w meeee
 im looking for a driver to get my wisdom teeth out thursday ill pay you  hmu if youre down  we can smoke on the way too lol
 im out of weed  im working my shit job today and i dont even wanna go. fuck my life i shouldve just stripped when i had the chance
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget youu
 @manteyds duplicative and duplicitous group that has fearmongered about smokefree products and staffed by people making big salaries.
 just wanna lay in bed and smoke one
 @karimmetwaly karim wanna smoke hookah in bay ridge rn
 i wanna smoke 
 but i wanna smoke again 
 sunn 0 filled the theatre with smoke  @ queen elizabeth theatre toronto 
 i love how i can just smoke a blunt down from the police station in cali and not get told shit but eyyy it smells good
 if i dont smoke a blunt after i work out i get cranky af..lol
 after i smoke this blunt boy im gon forget you  
 wish i had someone to smoke this blunt with me .
 bored as fuck just wanna smoke some dooe
 bored as fuck just wanna smoke some dope
 need to smoke a blunt rn
 man i aint bothering nobody i just wanna smoke my weed. can a young nigga live thusm  
 i just smoked a blunt witcha gurlfran
 just trying to smoke this l lol
 im bored and i wanna smoke
 @jennifuhr lets go smoke a blunt before tho
 bout to smoke the fattest blunt 
 cant wait to smoke this blunt after i get off work
 im about to hit the weed and go to sleep
 somebody better be ready to smoke a fat ass blunt w me when i hop off the plane
 if anyone wanna smoke hmu
 need a girl i can lay up and smoke blunts with
 cant wait to get these lil niggas out of my house so i can smoke in here again
 cant wait to get these lil niggas out of my house so i can smoke in my room again
 learning to just take those ls and smoke them 
 just gonna smoke this blunt and take a bubble bath 
 gonna smoke and come back to it..
 who wants to smoke and go eat 
 help do i smoke a blunt to my self
 i wanna smoke with you and eat waffle house 
 im really just tryna smoke amp get something to eat .
 wanna smoke weed with peter sagar
 some vets have serious ptds amp some vets decide to just use their disability as a way to stay at home  smoke and not work bless this world 
 when youre waiting for everyone in your house to go to bed so you can smoke and eat 
 i just wanna get drunk and smoke tbh.
 was hoping to get some weed before i fell asleep but the person i wanna get weed from is at a wedding 
 im gonna throw a reefer party for my 20th 
 @lawrence @maddow @rosie @kattykaybbc @katyturnbc  @robreiner lets see this for what it is..another massive smokescreen.djt runnin scared.
 i wanna smoke so damn bad
 anyone wanna drop me off a njoy i need something to smoke 
 cant wait to get home  smoke and lay down.
 waits patiently to get to our hotel so i can smoke a bowl
 im officially done smoking  so pls dont tell to match cus im gonna fuck around and smoke again shit
 i started dancing to @russdiemon and my mom says what are you gonna do smoke a blunt  well..
 so anybody wanna b my friend and smoke hookah
 all i want to is smoke and cuddle 
 ducking off asap go to work  smoke   go home stack this mf paper
 come over and smoke with me fuck until we go to sleep
 my birthday was ruined  im just gonna smoke then go to bed
 alright im about to go live again while i smoke so talk to me
 everytime my family from state college come down here i know the weed gonna be around forsure 
 i can only who wanna i love   i can only smoke what i wanna smoke .   i can only fuck who i wanna fuck .
 @ikyung ive never done a smoke so i cant relate  i just get like 10x wasted and become mom ascendant
 wanna smoke some good wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
 some girl let me smoke some of her blunt on 6th for 1 sxsw
 i need to smoke rn  i swear ill go to sleep rn and not wake up til this time tomorrow
 always wanna smoke a blunt  never want to roll a blunt
 is anyone free any wanna go eat ill give u gas amp smoke u out
 anthony thought someone gonna smoke a wood with them
 anthony thought somebody gonna smoke a wood w him
 wanna smoke but dont wanna go out into the cold 
 cause mf get a 1 over rent money n go to miami then forget they was just n my dm takin bout weed or was just bout to get put out last month
 fuck cannabiss fucked up fucking laws 
 ilehya said this job be really making her wanna go smoke a blunt or two when she gets home 
 if i smoke this blunt im gon forget u
 niggas rap like they smoke packs of marlboros and wanna rep our city.. gtfo 
 after i smoke this joint ima forget you
 all we smoke is joints 
 go smoke w your moms  
 gonna smoke this bowls on my roof and call it a night 
 i just wanna chill n smoke a lot
 i just wanna smoke a blunt while laying in a hammock
 wanna smoke .. but i have no gars 
 i wanna smoke an l and sleep but thats not gonna happen
 @theellenshow @renealane  when this shit is done @skipmarley @snoopdogg yeah we are going to smoke a blunt honey d 
 all we do is smoke and fuck
 when my head hurts im in the worst mood. i dont wanna do shit. either smoke or eat  thats about it lol
 i cant wait to get home to my weed ..
 all i do is eat sleep smoke n work 
 bout smoke then try to sleep
 @theellenshow @renealane @skipmarley @snoopdogg i am not mad just saying put down the weed right now we at war yo 
 we smoke every night  good sleep
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli
 when i can just lay back  smoke a blunt  rub my back or somethin  you know im sayin
 i smoke me a blunt to head  then bed
 girl tells teacher that parents have a lot of weed at home 
 ite fuck everybody imma smoke this last blunt then its gn 
 sos i just woke up amp i just wanna smoke the blunt thats in the car but i dont wanna put clothes on
 im tryna smoke some exotic bud while im here
 long day today  finally in my bed w some weed 
 all we do is smoke amp fuck
 i just wanna smoke some weed and talk about random shit while pandora plays with him ..
 we doing too much i just wanna kick it  smoke a blunt and grab some lunch
 telling my self i wanna stay home tmro n thursday cause they my day off but ik someone gonna wanna smoke and i just cant say no tofreedabs
 im going home  gonna smoke a joint  drink a glass of wine and watch chicago.
 when they go to pass you the blunt and you say i dont smoke 
 i got this bag of weed but do i really wanna go through the mission of rolling up a backwoods rn 
 pretty sure my roommate is like recording music right now amp im anxious as fuck amp cant sleep amp need someone to smoke this blunt w amp cuddles
 bout to lay in bed smoke n think  im good jus hard to face reality of wut things really are
 now i just wanna smoke weed and raise cats lmao
 i really wanna go smoke and go get some pancakes.
 if you wanna hit my blunt without putting in or matching all you gotta do is ask baby girl and imma smoke in ya face lmao
 hello  someone who will b awake at 2 am pls smoke with me i wanna die after i leave mainstacks
 fucking bush weed  
 my lil cousin woke me up out my sleep to smoke a blunt knowing i dont smoke weed 
 my girlfriend hates when i smoke cigs around her so i wait till she passes out in my bed then i hotbox my bedroom with newport 100s
 when ya weed man wanna fwu
 i just wanna smoke and have a brew 
 about to just stay up all night and smoke till its time to get ready for work and shit tbh
 just want someone who gon cuddle me n smoke a blunt n all of dat
 i didnt smoke at all today what the fuck
 i wanna go home and smoke black and milds all day  
 kinda wanna sleep kinda wanna smoke amp eat
 should i smoke or keep my 3 week streak of being clean
 i could go for empathy rn or cuddles or weed or all 3
 cant sleep  where the weed at..
 on days like this i just wanna smoke dmt for 3 days straight and get the fuck out of this shitty planet.
 ill smoke another blunt then go back to sleep
 no weed  no sleep
 i smoke weed to kill the dreams to the places i dont wanna be...
 i just wanna smoke wtf 
 @topflighttrey come smoke ho 
 rat bastard weed thief
 should i wake des up to smoke this blunt with me
 i might not pass up a smoke sesh but i forsure get my hw done 
 bout to smoke myself to sleep 
 ready to get off shit tryna smoke
 the only way i can go to work happy is if i smoke in the morning.
 she gone roll over and say ur addicted  u just refuse to get outta bed before u smoke me  is there a question here 
 1.8 mil ma marijuana voters lobby day moved to 322 to call out bad officials in nicer weather 
 i dont even wanna smoke but the way my nerves are set up rn
 just ate shrimp and grits and going to sleep  please call me to wake me up around noon if you want to smoke and eat zaxbys
 8 am tryna smoke weed and eat pussy
 i jus wanna smoke and cuddle lol right now
 the weed comes to me i dont go get it  
 i really cant sleep unless i smoke smh..
 today i woke up  smoked a blunt  then beat b in our pool game  its been a good mornin
 im at tokyo smoke in toronto  on 
 who up and wanna smoke some pressure w me 
 kinda wanna smoke all day kinda wanna sleep all day
 like  whats next  whats that  whats up i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck.
 lmao i got tired at tchami and left to go smoke hookah and get tea....who am i
 hmu if you wanna smoke  today bout to piss me off
 so sick and just wanna smoke 
 early smoke sess 
 @hannahmamba i wanna smoke rose petals omg
 roll my weed on it  thats an ass tray 
 fuck around and get smoked ...
 anyone in nap tryna smoke and get smacked at xbox
 full hand grip on a blunt.  my mans is gonna be collabing with future after he smoke that 
 i know i wanna get high cuz all i smell is weed and theres no weed around
 sloppy top while i smoke my morning blunt  please
 keys from da hempress. 
 i wanna smoke a blunt and go on a walk.. who wants to go
 cant wait to get off work so i can smoke 
 wanna go to chino hills just to smoke
 i wanna smoke 
 first morning in a while that i wake up and dont smoke a blunt lol
 dont even wanna fuck just wanna smoke and chill
 @agrhodes98 smoke a l in the back of th benzie 
 ima eat an edible and smoke a few blunts today. i think its time to die.
 do anybody have a smoked dark football visor they tryna sell 
 hey who wanna bring me a gar  ill smoke with you 
 you lucky i got weed so ill wait  
 i just wanna fuck smoke chill. yaaa.
 sometimes when i smoke a fat blunt and get bored  i play soccer with your grandmas titties  crackhead at work
 i wanna smoke but its too cold 
 i just smoked a blunt with yo boyfriend 
 also  this weather makes me wanna go to the park amp smoke a blunt.. like we used too lol
 cant wait to have kids so i can steal their weed
 @chrystaroth @djstatyk @sacredsister @proztaylor @lokkixiv @koalxcxnt @thesweetbee3 @ajnagyptian wisdom or the mystic mastersjoseph weed
 someone come get me and lets smoke and take me home lol 
 on that note im about to smoke a fat ass wood
 @kattykaybbc @katyturnbc @maddow @robreiner @rosie tax returns were just another smoke screen to detract from russi 
 dont you love when you get off work during the day so you can eat pizza  do a face mask  smoke  amp watch bobs burgers all alone saaaame
 all i wanna get some weed and get some commas
 as much as i smoke i really cant roll a blunt to save my life
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 perfect weather to go hiking and smoke 
 im at home dyin rn someone come thru wit a im sorry ur on ur death bed but heres a blunt blunt  and smoke it with me in me cozy room 
 kinda wanna smoke kinda tryna stay on this 2 month streak..
 i smoke because it relaxes me  not because its trending 
 i wanna smoke 
 im gonna smoke the greatest fucking blunt ever as soon as i get home
 all we do is smoke and lay around  
 finally at that point in life where i wake up amp choose which cartridge i wna smoke dat day  variety alwaysneedoptions
 finally at that point in life where i wake up amp choose which cartridge i wanna smoke dat day  alwaysneedoptions
 lets go lay on the beach and smoke a blunt
 @shelbybear17 i was agreeing that wraps are not a quality lunch. would prefer to smoke.
 our bowl for weed
 ever smoke synthetic weed like momba  that shit make me depressed and ultra insecure for like two hours. i only smoked it 1nce
 fuck life fuck feelings smoke propane
 @epascottpruitt gonna fix the water in flint or just make the easier to pump smoke into the air
 i wanna smoke
 school fuckin closed tomorrow ya bitch mad hype who wna have a snowball fight n smoke sum blunts
 gonna smoke a fat blunt get my hair and eyebrows done mawma
 i let him up and asked him if he really wants to do this bc im in a good mood and all i wanna do is smoke. he talking about you soft 
 such a long day ahead of me. once its over i cant wait to smoke good  eat good and just chill 
 i jst wanna smoke n go for a long run to clear my head
 if you wanna get high with me and smoke an l in the back of the benzie
 i just wanna smoke a blunt with @uselessmaps amp people watch
 if youre a blunt...can i smoke you   
 to all my michiganers  @realdonaldtrump isnt gonna bring 1 plant back to detroit or flint.  stop falling for the smoke screen.
 i never smoke while im at work and i see why 
 need to go home and smoke fat. fucking bugged
 need to smoke hella fucking fat.
 i cant fuck with people before i smoke
 money weed and weather.
 lets go to the beach and smoke some blunts 
 such a terrible day ive just decided to go sit in my jeep and listen to music and smoke weed for the next 25 mins till its my lunch
 yea i smoke weed bitch get off my sack and mind yo own damn business 
 cant wait this smoke out with my bitches 
 cant wait for this smoke out with my bitches 
 my g pen ran out and i cant afford a new one yet i dont wanna smoke flower
 im tired   i been driving round for bout 2 hours looking for this hotel   i just wanna smoke my blunt and take a nap
 @loudiene smoke sum wya g
 cant wait to get off to smoke a fat blunt
 i cant believe i looked at my dad yesterday n said im high right now hahhaa if u wanna smoke some time we can
 i dont wanna drop it until i smoke. it didnt smell gassy but someone smelled it and said it was cool imma roll 
 today is kick butts day it takes many smokers several tries to quit but its so worth it. in nh go to 
 idk why i think its a good idea to smoke before i have to get ready to go to the club ...
 @wilw if anyone is gonna find a way to die from cannabis it would be a becky.
 about to smoke a blunt while i wait on this girl
 i wanna smoke so bad im about to go buy myself a damn black 
 lol like i cant go smoke my black but you got nigga just leaving the grill to go to their cars
 qtna i wanna smoke it too 
 @illumidonii blunt but fuck we can smoke a blurb too
 health risk behaviors with synthetic cannabinoids versus marijuana heather b. clayton  phd  mph  lowry  md  ms et al 
 @kaaassyxo smoke me down 
 bout to smoke a blunt and enjoy the rest of my day.
 im the type 2 smoke a blunt wit my people 
 ready to smoke gotta get jordyn straight first tho
 cant wait until i get paid. going to smoke hella and eat gooooood.
 more meetings about lansings proposed commercial medical marijuana ordinance coming. progress being made. story to come @lsjnews in a.m.
 i just wanna fuck  smoke amp chill 
 promposal my ass bitch come hop in this car and smoke this blunt 
 can this day get any worse sick all week  go to work for 3 hours  leave work early  drive home and car smokes and gets towed goodtimes
 fuck a hater imma smoke until i die
 im so fucking tired i just wanna go home and smoke
 im gonna get in n out go sit and read at the beach amp smoke my weed .
 @dreaox @rjthaguru @tailovve @dretana @anoemi @proudarmybro18 @taesav @gurwinderka to smoke with dante
 bout to watch netflix and smoke one @ fat one for ya  in coral springs  fl 
 bout to watch netflix and smoke one @ fat one for ya  
 i wanna smoke but my throat already sore.  i might just b like fuck it tho. 
 i just wanna smoke with @normalcactuss again  why we always working now
 cant wait to watch  what more do you want theres weed  a dead body in a tree  amp theres gonna be a surprise for 
 i cant wait to get another job so i can smoke again. id be so much more calm.
 good weed palm trees cant wait till i see la @ malibu farm 
 @itsthatgirrll i bet u cant wait to smoke again 
 @usagsessions please educate yourself. dont discriminate medical marijuana based on outdated information from the 1980s. faileddrugwar
 @usagsessions it is ridiculous to compare marijuana to heroin. where do you get your facts from clinical trials amp science prove otherwise.
 shorty do you notice me   shorty you should roll with me   come over amp smoke with   fuck till we go to sleep   bet you wont get over me
 anybody wanna smoke
 cant relate i use to smoke with my manger  
 lol lil ho upset cause ine wan smoke after her 
 stand up staffer  all this travelban angst.  friend  is tied to snoops long beach strain of weed that got the whole west coast bugging.
 been tryin to smoke sum fuckin dabs bruh
 just want me a lil baby who gonna listen and smoke me up  fr thoo ..
 bitch lets go smoke and see if you drop the blunt
 im tryna get head  bust a nut  go to sleep  wake up  smoke  fuck  then go back to sleep
 i wanna smoke so bad i cant wait until this is over
 what makes yall wanna smoke 
 i just wanna go home and smoke a j  why is this so complicated right now
 @kenlaflare @kymk lol bit ill smoke a blunt with you before we walk in that hoe
 shawty you should roll with me  come over and smoke with me.. fck until we go to sleep  bet you wont get over me
 maybe if this administration smoked more weed theyd chill the fuck out.
 kinda wanna smoke n shit
 who still in houston an wanna smoke  im lonely
 rossi and eric are so cute i love yall come lets smoke a blunt 
 sad i dont have anyone to go to the smoke shop with 
 i just wanna smoke 10 blunts then go sledding down my hill..... whos up for it
 ready to get off smoke a blunt and eat 
 lol let me smoke and lay down
 sister come you wanna smoke sure
 some people should not smoke if they arent gonna brush them teeth and that tongue 
 ive come to realize the night life aint for me anymore . all i wanna do is smoke amp sleep
 go to to bed smoke wake up smoke go to school smoke die smoke
 about to say fuck it amp smoke a blunt..
 lets smoke some k2 na mean fuck cookies fuck gelatos give me a fat ass k12 dutch 
 waaab all my managers smoke so hit da blunt bro. 
 @casiociiinn aw imy2 come watch me smoke a blunt hahahah
 jus wanna smoke smoke n vide wit a cute lil bitch
 only goals i got rn is to relax take a bath in my new home and smoke a wood.
 i cant wait to smoke and eat dinner when im off. today has been so long
 wanna smoke a fat ass cuban on the beach just to feel like tony 
 im tryna smoke the rest of this blunt and my dad is still home like go head my guy
 just wanna smoke and clear my mind
 i cant wait to smoke my lungs out.
 @goodmanespn smoke on the water does great bbq.
 remember that day i was too sexually frustrated to eat lunch so i stormed back to heathman to smoke a bowl to the face
 did you really sxsw if you didnt smoke a bowl in a porta potty
 i could rely go for a smoke session rn
 i just wanna smoke this wood amp go to bed
 now that mst3k is back on netflix do i finally have permission to stay at home eating weed  and hiding from the weather
 time to smoke myself to sleep
 i wanna go smoke but i know im facing being quiet during a cough attack from a fat ass bong rip
 go smoke a blunt and chill 
 fuck yall ima smoke this blunt by myself and go to sleep gn 
 to smoke a gram when i get home  
 im bored why tf noone wanna smoke w me 
 wanna smoke a blunt and go swimming
 sixx come by for some weed since you stay giving me customers soml
 the struggle is so real when you mainly smoke oil but u wanna roll up a blunt but no one will sell you 2gs ugh fuk me bro
 that song makes me wanna lay back and smoke a pack of blacks and just chill.
 wanna shower  smoke  eat amp sleep.
 i cant wait to move so i dont smell smoke every frigging night
 cant smoke w my coworkers cus ion wanna get me sick 
 ricky dont ever wanna smoke 
 greenleaf @greenleafown when im finished with u bishop the only thing thats gonna rise to heaven from this church is smoke @jasondirden
 greenleaf @greenleafown when im finished with you bishop the only thing thats gonna rise to heaven from this church is smoke
 anyone wanna come hold me  smoke a dutch  and listen to me whine about my stressful day of doing nothing no okay 
 and all that we ever do is play in the sheets lets smoke us a cigarette and go back to sleep
 got more weed n snacks  home dolo
 fuck all the basic bitches  we gon wake up an smoke us a blunt n fuck 
 will there be other people there am i gonna have to smoke weed before i come
 anybody wanna smoke with me   im not tryna smoke by myself right now ...
 ok let me go get this weed . i been told him i was otw lol .
 i dropped my weed in the bodega and had to go back and get it 
 i dont wanna roll but i wanna smoke
 you wanna smoke how bout you call me at 7 or some shit
 cant fuck wit no bitch that smoke corn
 cant wait to smoke this blunt after work   havent smoked allllll day
 all we do is smoke  and fuck 
 i just wanna smoke weed and eat taco bell like the old days ok
 cant wait to get home so i can smoke amp see oomf 
 i smoke this blunt and forget about it 
 the smokestack cabin. @ red feather lakes  colorado 
 my cousin dont want anyone to know he smoke but comes home and goes straight to the kitchen 
 she just wanna smoke up all my weed tbh
 thanks to @brandonaddison amp @blythescott for organizing the city forum event on marijuana. great civil discourse fr 
 i wanna go home and cuddle w my best friends and eat snacks and smoke a couple blunts amp have a movie night  @eshanaya @joshuarren
 i wanna go to the beach at night to smoke and just vibe for a while
 i just wanna smoke a blunt rn and chill
 eric hosmer absolutely smoked that ball  usa up 42
 you smoke amp i do. let me fuck with you.
 when will i have time to smoke a blunt. 
 my neighbors smoke alarms have been going off for 20 minutes. please someone come bail me out of jail because im gonna go nuts 
 jimmy eats pasta tonight  walks around in his undies  and chain smokes. bravo  usa
 im so depressed rn so im gonna smoke then watch anime cuz i cant smoke and watch anime at the same time. its literally impossible for me
 smoke weed amp eat edible candy when you get the munchies . dummiee ass high 
 yes i smoke  no i dont wanna smoke w u but u can go listen to my album amp smoke to that 
 i smoke too much  lets talk about it while i smoke this blunt.
 if i smoke this blunt girl imma forget you
 she wanna do drugs... smoke weed  get drunk
 other chick just wanna smoke and get to know each other  
 always smoke myself to sleep
 most timez i cant smoke woods back to back i be tryin to remember how to breath 1st
 just wanna smoke 
 u gonna fuck around amp get smoked
 i cant never go straight to  when im at work i always gotta do some extra  like smoke a blunt   eat hell of snack  watch netflix  etc..
 me ya this guy is hella dangerous and might kill me  me wanna smoke a bowl
 i wanna go on a long drive n smoke a fatty
 smoke some more medical i just wanna smoke it all to myself lol 
 i wanna smoke again
 @therealt2 man you gonna be hurting because im gonna come by you and theres gonna be no smoke trail to follow she so tuned up
 stevie thought he was out of weed but he looked down and found more and now hes gonna happy cry
 i need me a girl who can roll up my weed
 some talk to me or hang with me or smoke a blunt with me or send me music
 2 more bowls till im out of weed and now i have no clue who to get it from 
 me im suicidal white ho bitch u gone be alright  just moisturize  eat fruit  drink that water  and smoke a blunt 
 smffhhhhhh nobody got thraxxxx . a bitch tryna smoke 
 i need new bud. i never wanna smoke girl scout cookie again after this week
 i hate that my roommate goes to bed super early cause i have no one to smoke with before bed lmao
 marissa the type of bitch to get in a fight with her cat over weed
 bouta smoke these bowls and watch workaholics
 i just wanna smoke after this horrible month
 ltltwatching planet earth after youve just smoked your first bowl of the day
 im tired asf  bro irritated to the core . i just wanna smoke and fall asleep .
 really just wanna smoke and be laid up talking bout everything
 amber always peer pressuring someone to smoke 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 i wanna smoke to go to sleep but  to smoke and also get the munchies is what i have to avoid lol
 i wanna smoke amp cuddle. 
 cant smoke weed to it   ion wanna listen to it.
 i wanna smoke but i think  all the plugs sleep...
 i hate being sick cause i just wanna smoke a blunt and enjoy it
 im tryna fuckin smoke after work
 wanna smoke a cig but my phone is at 1 
 @alexiscastello7 tryna smoke this blunt orr
 i wanna smoke and have a few a beers but i also want jobs
 im ready to smoke a fat blunt this friday amp some wax 
 the sad time when you run out of weed and wax 
 just wanna smoke and cuddle
 i wanna smoke a stoge and talk about how stupid life is w someone
 wanna smoke and chill with u
 cant relate.. my boss smokes with us  
 that food was everything im gonna smoke this loosie n go smooches out 
 @briananduncan i cant think of anyone ive met in eugene that didnt smell like weed honestly
 randomly woke up so now i cant go back to sleep   guess ill smoke myself back to sleep 
 should i smoke some bowls 
 i wanna smoke with a few of my followers  put them on some player shit
 why all these weed accounts wanna follow me 
 why we just wake up at 4 to smoke a blunt and prolly go right back to sleep 
 get off amp smoke this blunt
 everytime i dont wanna smoke  theres weed everywhere around me. when i wanna smoke  theres none to be found.
 damn im just tryna smoke   yeto got me on rn  l
 im just tryna smoke   yeto got me fd up lol
 nigga fuck all dat you niggas got 10 buy some weed then go to whole foods and get samples 
 lmao its 154am i wanna be where youre at and smoke with you lol 
 what i cant smoke a joint  drink some wine  and watch an alien movie
 i seriously need to smoke some weed to go back to sleep though.
 ready to smoke a blunt gee
 some of yall get upset if someone throw your heart around.  me i get upset if you throw my weed tray around.
 my whole uber ride home consisted of my driver talking all about weed and the different kinds of high you can get 
 damn i just wanna smoke and listen to music with oomf
 boutta smoke and go back ya sleep
 @skyliting @anniemyth @profelemental i wanna be somewhere familiar  i wanna know where the exits are  amp i wanna be able to smoke.
 morning smoke session before work 
 i wanna smoke on my way to work but im be starving
 bout to smoke this gas get my mind together in go to work 
 i wish i had bud so i could smoke a nice bowl before school but here i am with cigs
 i wanna smoke 
 hmu if you need that medical kush for that wake and bake. i smoked and feel great. now time to get ready for the day. blessed for everyday..
 forensics prof were gonna take 5  smoke a joint or whatever 
 @berbandz miss you too  imma come smoke a blunt with you today
 cant wait to smoke later on
 kinda want to go on a run kinda want to walk my dogs but also kinda want to smoke a bowl
 been up since 7 running errands i cant wait to smoke a fat blunt
 @montezfriend yea bc i slick wanna knock out two more while niggas sleep but i know i got mad weed and walking to do so ima humble myself..
 cant smoke weed to it  i dont wanna listen to it
 all i do is wake up early smoke dope and go back 2 sleep
 like they say they want to be great and on the move but all they want to do is fuck  lay in bed  smoke  and sleep.
 i wanna just lay in this field and smoke a blunt 
 when someone says you wanna smoke this blunt  be right there 
 i cant be an organ donor i promise you if u get my lungs and you didnt smoke..  your gonna smoke weed now..
 @espnwestpalm so sad about the loss of jose. thats why alcohol and cocaine are horrible. smoke weed  he would of been on the couch.
 i wish i could smoke blunts in my bed and cuddle something
 so nobody wanna smoke w me 
 they blowing smoke they not gonna fight 
 all we do is smoke amp eat everyday which is what i do in idabel lol but its just best with my day one bitchesssss 
 ltprincessleia2gt caffine is much less deadly tho ltmykbevgt not if you smoke it
 come on lets get a fuck load of weed and alcohol and go to this concert
 i cant wait for the day that you can freely talk about marijuana habits like we talk about drinking habits
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 a white republican against marijuana legalization goes home  gets drunk and beats his family.
 just wanna smoke amp fuck
 theres weed to be smoked and a beach to be laying on 
 smokin weed watchin belly all belly all day
 lol i woke up to a weed stem poking my ass
 boutta smoke eat amp get ready for work
 wan smoke
 dead or alive sxsw shirts for sale today message me and lets meet up if you want one ill smoke a wood with you 
 hey @wmbbjustin wind turning onshore at the beach should help keep smoke at bay
 a little sun comes out amp i wanna get cute and go smoke blunts at alki lol
 who got weed at sxsw 
 i dead ass dont wanna smoke anymore
 i just want to be at home handling all of my adult shit so i can smoke my blunt after lmaooooo
 all i really want to do is smoke and watch planet earth documentaries.
 whats my secret  smoke a blunt before your interview. thats a mando. 
 in need of girls who are just down to kick it smoke and have a good time
 you a smoker im a roller 
 ive done nothing but eat  watch shameless and smoke. its been a good day 
 rush order for a customers tradeshow.  this will be a smoked ash draw box with their logo. 2 
 she rolls my weed
 @mcfw can see the smoke from my office window 
 fuck you crazy an smoke my blunt
 todays home science lesson my bathroom. smoke still contains combustible materials . stem 
 anyone wanna smoke
 i wanna be in bed w someone listening 2 chance. having a smoke break b
 bout to roll this blunt and smoke before i go to work
 you can talk amp smoke lol yall be wanting the blunt passed in 5sec 
 back home who tryna smoke
 sometimes i be feeling soft and i just wanna lay up amp smoke dope and watch movies.. lol
 bouta eat this in n out   pour the rest of my lean and smoke 10 bowls
 all we do is smoke weed go out to eat and make out in the back of her car 
 not sure ill be able to find home grown without the weed lot as a landmark. 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 pre rolled weed is essential
 just wanna get home and smoke some chubidubbies
 gonna need more rapper weed to get thru today.
 my birthday monday and i just wanna link w the people that fwm heavy and smoke down something serious amp talk amp eat wings amp play gta  beer
 need a bae thats down to ride bikes and smoke a blunt
 @boogietmusic will you be with ganja at the republic in may
 i just wanna smoke a blunt  
 im so for real bro i gotta go walk and smoke to get away from them 
 i cant wait to get to miami airport so i can smoke a cigarette inside 
 bitch im bout to smoke and make this coconut shrimp curry then eat these cupcakes fym 
 i wanna smoke n drink today
 i wanna take a drive and just smoke my life away lol
 all king outs better smoke at @mymontecristo richieriotcaldwellcigars caldwell4prez 
 get my drink on and my smoke on. then go home with  something to poke on.  whats up bitch
 like rn im bout to go smoke a blunt by myself. i could have a bff 2 smoke with but i dont
 gonna miss this one. smoked coffee stout. really good.... creases in the corner of your eyes 
 i dont wanna do shit for my birthday expect smoke weed. 
 when i smoke the blunt to myself 
 1010 needa smoke a fat blunt to get over how terrible today has been
 weather now smoke  37f  3 mph west wind. 
 no motivation to go out ever just to smoke lol
 i just wanna recollect all my thoughts filled wit marijuana
 all i want is to smoke a blunt but i cant fuck 12
 so nice out   i just wanna smoke by da pool
 i just wanna smoke  i dont get hit on 
 who wanna smoke in like an hour or two 
 @julialeighfoxx @alexxxxfox smokey is gonna fuck u up one day for always talking about his weight
 i need to smoke a bowl and relax my nerves.
 i cant just smoke 1 sweet my nigga roll up 10 of them hoes nbs
 i jus wanna smoke cali dope allday amp leave the stu wit str8 flame
 nigga smoked the lay
 there were on sale for 35 and who the fuck wouldnt want to smoke a gold blunt come on 
 jazz talkin bout she tryna smoke later when we get off..  i dont have time for no rookies
 anyone wanna smoke gigglebush
 you smoke like you wanna die in 3 years 
 i wanna smoke so bad 
 bbq with @ smoke signals in toronto  on w @mstaresinic  
 i just wanna smoke your weed @lilhentaiqueen lmao
 look bitch i just wanna smoke witcha ion wanna fuck.
 i wanna smoke a bowl with the perishables @ shopwells 
 cant wait too smoke so i can eat my snacks lol
 todays been a load of fucking barnacles  i just wanna smoke and sleep 
 they dont want smoke. they just wanna talk
 nigga youn smoke 
 @linnyitssn no evidence that anyone in the government smokes weed
 its great to sit outside in nice weather and smoke a fat ass blunt
 i really dont have no life . all i do is work n come home and smoke 
 if i smoke im gonna be sleep for the rest of the night smh
 i wanna smoke wit rihanna amp ask her to teach me her savage ways 
 just ate my veggies now im gonna smoke my greens 
 bout to smoke this blunt amp go right back to sleep 
 all i wanna do is drink smoke and fuck. not in an particular order
 where all the smoke go  
 go see a movie.. or smoke an chill
 lemme go to sleep so i can wake up happy and smoke my weed
 time to go home smoke the pack and watch shameless
 i wanna go for a walk amp smoke a blunt but a bitch can barely walk right atm lmao
 im bout to smoke and binge watch shameless.
 wanna smoke but i also wanna sleep.. life is all about decisions
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli the mosh pit that opened up to this song was a lot of 
 i just want to lay in a hot bubble bath rn amp smoke a fatty 
 just wanna sit on a face while i smoke a l before i sleep tonight 
 i wanna smoke 
 bout to get in the shower  smoke amp eat these tacos 
 all i do is go to traceys and smoke all her hookah
 i just ate a weed cookie so lets see how this goes 
 go home cook   smoke and watch some of these games
 i ate now i wanna smoke 
 i wanna smoke one with you and drink this honey jack daniels
 this how hp be getting ready to go get some smoke  
 im just tryna kick it smoke blunts and drink wine whos wit it
 i wanna smoke again. and sleep but i know the first thing isnt gonna happen so imma just sleep
 im walking home amp this guy keeps driving around the block amp screaming at me to come smoke a blunt w him amp if he can give me a ride home naw
 i just wanna smoke a blunt rn
 soo im gonna need a prom date amp someone to smoke w every weekend 
 just wanna smoke a blunt and watch movies 
 gonna smoke tf out of my tia tomorrow
 me and my bitch bout to sit our fat asses on the couch and get smoked out of our minds  gentleman on the train making small talk w me
 anyone wanna smoke some fire with me
 @nicoxsolomon you wanna smoke weed that should never be a question lol
 i feel really responsible because i turned down someone who was gonna smoke me out for homework gome
 i feel really responsible because i turned down my friend who was gonna smoke me out to go do english homework
 @queenzai chill bruh ion want smoke just wanna know how yall been
 all the weed in the world and you wanna smoke a cigarette @bfregia13
 i smoke two joints before i smoke two joints
 work and weed
 will lansing ever crack down on these medical marijuana dispensaries whats latest with localstate licenses story to come 7 am @lsjnews
 i wanna smoke a blunt 
 i just wanna smoke and eat by myself locked in a room lol
 bitch we just wanna smoke weed 
 yeah man getting paid 6 million a season im gonna go home and smoke pot
 i wanna smoke 
 she jus wanna smoke and fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 you can get smoked if you wanna
 would any of yall be interested in weed tongue rings
 i want to go to the beach and just smoke
 would any of yall be interested in weed tongue rings
 who wanna smoke
 i was gunna wait to smoke my joint tomorrow  but fuck that.
 wanna smoke but id rather sleep
 lets smoke a blunt
 backawood roller  really a smoker
 i wanna smoke a mf wood
 good ass weather to go out and smoke a blunt
 imma scratch your name up off my schedule  if i smoke this blunt  imma forget you.
 cant wait to smoke a fat ass baccwood typeshit
 i wanna smoke but im so lazy to get bud and roll a blunt 
 @milessemmler i wanna see you eat a cigarette butt after i smoke it 
 all i wanna do is smoke right now but i have no rello 
 ugh deadass wanna smoke 
 take a shower  smoke this blunt  pass out.
 i get so impatient waiting on da weed man. like i wanna text him and be like hurry up but then i dont wanna feel rude or get ripped off
 i wanna smoke
 i wanna chain smoke joints the size of tampons
 and now im gonna smoke with my friends to end it 
 im just tryin to smoke one and then cuddle 
 just wanna go on a long ride and smoke a blunt and listen to some good music
 i just wanna smoke weed until my lungs cant take no more 
 dawgggg can someone pls serve me i just dropped the rest of my weed im bouta be angry as fuck
 i need more girl friendssss who wanna smoke and stuff their faces with me
 gonna smoke this mizzy  send a random nude and call it a night 
 can we smoke amp talk about life  can we fuck all throughout the night 
 this port aint gonna smoke itself
 once i smoke this blunt ima forget you
 ima go home and smoke this blunt
 the only way i can get myself to do my homework is to tell myself ill smoke a bowl after
 lets smoke a blunt or two
 i wanna smoke but im super lazy to roll rn
 depressed girls are hotter cause they got that natural smokey eye
 how 2 have a nice time smoke weed  have sex  smoke weed  eat a pastrydessert
 i hate when bae smokes because he goes to bed hella early 
 i wanna smoke to this new ross sooo bad bruh
 everybody wanna smoke but none of these bitches want no smoke 
 im about to smoke and go to sleep i really dont feel good 
 anyone down to smoke lol keepcalmandontstress
 99.2 on the day  im gonna get smoked tmrw for sending this tweet marchmadness 
 roll it light it smoke it up 
 i took a nap and im full of energy now who wanna smoke
 im on probation i cant smoke too much
 rick rosss music makes me wanna smoke cigars but i got asthma so thats all the way dead
 gonna smoke then head to bed hopefully wake up in a better mood
 day dreaming about @homebakedheidi s weed bakery. pls make me churros 
 cant wait till this summer. smoke outside my fire escape every morning and every night 
 i need my grandparents to go to sleep so i can smokeee
 @queenchrissyy lol but my blunt means my weed is in it therefore   i get unlimited puffs
 i smoke 100 blunts as soon as i wake up
 me i just want someone to cuddles me smoke and chill with. why is no one out there  any boy wana hangout me wtf no.
 all she do is just roll my weed and get naked for me at night thats all she do
 she wanna smoke her weed and ride my face
 got that wanna smoke text. say no mo
 5hrs left in these nap streeets then i can go home smoke one an lay down wish i had a massage to come home toooh well 
 anybody wanna smoke a blunt wimmie
 i wanna smoke rn...
 only smoke the fat woods
 just want to smoke a blunt and cuddle 
 cute girls who love to eat  nap  and smoke weed and arent boring  
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and cuddle
 i dont usually smoke  but im gonna get gone af 
 what are you doing  going to bed come smoke a blunt
 get off work might not even walk inna crib an smoke might fuck the truck up  on me 
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 when u were gonna smoke a blunt but had to come back and look for ur card and now u lazy to go to clinic again
 cook  smoke  eat   shower and sleep naked. the best nights ever
 @realdonaldtrump go smoke a blunt  
 cant even sleep wish i had some weed
 hit this bomb ass weed that i got straight from cali and take a drink everything gonna be alright
 just wanna lay up  smoke  amp listen to music. 
 and i wanna smoke
 i dont even smoke like that  but i just wanna flame up a backwood and drive wit the top down on ls on a sunny day when i listen to him
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli
 all i need is a boyfriend i can smoke  chill amp nap with
 just wanna smoke lol
 cant wait to smoke. also why is it 3am already
 no but fr i wanna smoke
 just want a boo to smoke blunts w in my bed
 should i sleep or smoke weed
 ready to get off so i can smoke lol
 just want to smoke amp cuddle 
 im just ready to smoke on the beach 
 i wanna smoke a blunt lmao fuck work
 i only want weed right now so i can go to sleep
 do i... bryahna ... want to smoke a couple bowls or ....... smoke ... many.. multiple ... bowls 
 wish there was a weed fairy. ya boi wanna be higher than  9
 fuck i look like being pressed to come smoke and chill when i got a perfectly good bed waiting for me at home amp my own tree to smoke 
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do.
 @sensiseeds im a sensei and i smoke bud
 ever just wanna fucking smoke yourself  
 no weed no sleep  lol
 jus let me smoke my blunt while u succ my dicc thats all i need frfr
 damn im tryna smoke a blunt 
 i wanna smoke but i dont wanna move.
 after i eat this sandwich im gonna smoke a few bowls then sleep
 bout to watch the sun rise on the beach and smoke.
 goes without cigs and food the entire day chain smokes and eats my weight the next
 im so sad i dnt have weed wit me
 imma go get a bottle tomorrow and just sip all day and smoke blunts. ill have my own break
 moe these youngins out here burnt all they wanna do is smoke and tup 
 im sorry but who balling to be using more than an eighth in each wood thats like 3530 every time u wanna smoke 
 had a seizure at the super bowl woke up in the 3rd quarter looking for the smoke... 
 wanna smoke but its way too cold to roll up im being mad pussy right now lmao
 whats getaway place in nap where you can smoke out in the open and not be bothered
 gonna run this ross back a 3rd time after i find some weed
 my boss is a mormon who smokes hella weed and takes dabs and has the shortest temper of all time.
 wanna smoke right now  dont wanna walk to the store tho
 cant wait to get home and smoke
 ok i need to shower smoke eat and get ready. fuck thats gonna take like 3 hours.
 i got a lotta women thats really down for me need a bad one thats gonna roll my weed heeeeyyyy
 all my lil cousins wanna do is watch me smoke on snap so they can show they momma  blocked
 i want to go home  smoke a bowl and watch superbad
 when im upset and bout to prank out or fuck a bitch up my granny a be like get a blunt and smoke with me and calm down baby im here smh
 who wanna smoke w me  
 i wanna get up and go smoke a cigarette but im too lazy 
 u gonna smoke dat or just hold it in your mouth like a bitcxh 
 college is killing my creative soul . i want to sleep   listen to good music  smoke weed  and go on trips but there 
 wherever she wanna go that has weed. 
 home alone till monday who wants to come over and smoke around 330 
 kind of just wanna smoke
 im gonna chain smoke cigarettes until i get free health care
 anyone wanna come smoke this blunt w me or am i doloing it again
 @xpimpceee you coming to smoke or not
 havent smoked in a day dog  cant wait to get out of work and smoke
 i cant wait to smoke a blunt with @reynaleticia101 on the beach  bestfriendimtrynafuckherwithyou.
 dont wanna smoke by myself
 this is a kind of morning all i wanna do is cuddle up amp smoke a couple
 got me fuck up it dont take that long to get some weed
 i think weed should be a people before profit commodity. marketeers are scum  especially weed marketeers tracey g mmj fortwty
 hell na let that man sleep he good off the weed 
 the summer after i got arrested for weed i rolled a blunt on the floor of the streets of nyc at a parade. who the fuck did i think i was
 ahaa im bouta smoke a joint
 my name is colton and i love marijuana
 after i smoke this blunt boy ill forget you 
 some1 i knew got mad at me for never smoking wit them but she can only smoke half a blunt an thats wit two heads on the blunt 
 no literally i cant wait to smoke tonight 
 wanna smoke but too lazy to roll up
 anybody wanna smoke a dutch on this beautiful day
 okay m so bored and i wanna smoke
 jus had a seizure at the super bowl  woke up in the 3rd quarter looking for the smoke
 rick ross new album so smooth make you wanna smoke a cigar and drink crown and coke
 back at work tonight my weed started today smh
 yo i want a pet penguin and ima buy it a gold chain with diamonds and im gonna chill with it and smoke blunts and takem to nice restaurants
 nelly if you wanna go get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benzy  oh why do i live this way  me ayeeee 
 i wake up every morning and do what the fuck i want and ion deal with nobody until i smoke my blunt                  billy mays
 im gonna tape a weed nugget to my forehead so nobody can pinch me today
 i just wanna smoke some ganj amp lay in bed
 nate dogg heyyyyyy ayyyyeee aaayyyee   me smoke weed everyday 
 i smoke a blunt in the morning a smoke a blunt after that 
 i smoke a blunt in the morning i smoke a blunt after that 
 these niggas better act like its friday. i wanna go home and smoke.
 i just wanna smoke amp be left alone
 @geonadj man i woukd honestly go to a smoke shop and browse around and talk to peeps
 i woke up early today to smoke newports and drink coffee. life
 i cant wait til i can just smoke a fucking blunt again
 but you wanna be smoked out 
 i wanna smoke but dont feel like rolling
 @idontknowaaronn when we gonna drink a 40 and smoke a newport 
 not bout to smoke all weekend.
 just gonna smoke by myself since everyone still shleeppp 
 cant wait to be back home in order to smoke
 thought itd be chill to come outside   smoke a j and let stoney run around but nah cops wanna post up on the block today.
 im really gonna need to smoke come 230.... 
 when i get my whip its a must that i go to shs and smoke a blunt j and wood
 my life goal is to  go to school and worry about my job  then quit to go do whats best.... smoke some good weed an 
 time to smoke a bowl its too early for this shit
 i cant wait to be home and surrounded by weed and love and food that doesnt include qdoba and fkn fresh fusion
 im so sad i dont have anyone to smoke a blunt w me and then go thrifting 
 my mechanic just smoked me out. todays gonna be a good day lol 
 i just wanna know shawty  do you notice me shawty you should roll with me come over and smoke with me
 ladies if you in miami and wanna hang out hmu bottles and ohio smoke  text or dm me 
 cant wait to get home cause im bouta smoke my face off 
 new week in smoke on @stogiereview  feat. @afuentecigars 858 sun grown  @partagas black  @mbombaycigars gaaja  more.
 cant wait to get home amp smoke a fatty 
 i needa hit jamaica amp smoke a nice fatty on the beach  
 wake up smoke a blunt to the face
 beer  weed and dabs waiting for me when i get home stpatricksday
 im so anxious this girl needs to smoke a bowl
 anyone want to go downtown today smoke some ls any of my friends
 in 33 days i will be able to ride and smoke in peace lmao
 i wanna go somewhere after i get off amp just drink amp smoke
 im gonna go smoke myself to death now
 when you get off of a cruise ship  and a nice fellow selling weed says it is legal hes not a nice fellow. he is l 
 honestly im more of a smoke amp lay down all day mood
 cant wait to smoke a fatty with kimmmy when i get outta workk 
 was gonna work tonight but now i just wanna smoke and knock tf out when i get home
 @hennythewitch honestly im on an antidepressant and mood stabilizer. i go without for months and just smoke weed. do whats best for you 
 now that i got this new set of tires  im finna smoke anybody that wanna see my taillights for a quarter mile
 someone wanna scoop me from work ill smoke you up
 holy smokes im going home  cant wait for my dog and free food and my family too i guess
 interrupted a few of my engineers as they were working to tell them how i want everyone to roll me in a blunt and smoke me once i die. gang.
 cant wait to get off and smoke dis og amp lindasay lohan
 cant wait to get off this bus and smoke a frickin cig
 stg im smoke the fattest l when i get off 
 i wanna do something productive today like smoke a joint and go on a walk
 all i want is a blunt and a friend to smoke that bit with before i go to work but obviously... not gon happen
 im heeerrrreee who tryn link and smoke
 everyone better have bottoms up and smoke hella green for me todaynight 
 @canaryburgundy @nintendocashbox uh weedconan420 im gonna need you to up your dps dicks per second  or gonna kick you from this raid
 a girl who doesnt wanna hang with me if i want to smoke some weed
 na  yal letting the weed man hit to get free bud  
 i just want to smoke and take a nap but everyone is playing games 
 if you want to get or renew your medical marijuana recommendation we have a few openings available this afternoon happystpatricksday
 @realmyketerry my dude smoke a blunt with me at the magic stick tonight
 jackies simple jackies quicker jackie likes to suck a dicka all she wanna do smoke a blunt get a drink of liquor
 friday is finally here with this beautiful weather  lets smoke  
 if someone could come up with a strain of weed that didnt make me wanna eat my whole kitchen in one sitting that would be really nice
 its pretty shitty when you get forced to go help on another sort and then they take off and smoke
 @thejameson those are authentic papal smokestacks up there yall
 i just wanna be happy  fn around with these rappers  all you get is a syrup amp weed habit.... 
 blowing smoke into the wind and headed to @sxsw to play at dirtydogbar with the family. come 
 billie sandwich  pork belly lunch2 meetingfood @ smokehouse sandwich co 
 home. bout to smoke and take nap 
 off works so im finna smoke a blunt and listen to 1999 all the way through
 i really wanna lay up   watch movies   smoke   eat   amp be nasty 
 anyone wanna go with me to monroe to get my car tinted tomorrow ill smoke ya up and buy ya lunch while its being done 
 i just smoked a j  im in a better mood and now there are people fighting on the bus tryin to kill my pre work vibez 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt dude.
 i just wanna smoke with my peeps
 i wanna smoke  but thats all the time though 
 i dont wanna smoke alone.
 im so over today... i just want to eat and smoke
 i really dont wanna smoke weed ever again 
 i done been too tired to smoke. till i dropped them ashes on my chest 
 i just wanna smoke 
 its st patricks day so im gonna listen to green light a thousand times and smoke only menthols cause the pack is green
 i think ima go home tonight smoke some blunts in my tub with a bath bomb i need some alone time
 who can i pull up on amp smoke a blunt wit em
 off work. bouta go smoke up then head out to enjoy the festivities.
 me af  or i wanna smoke  
 st. patricks day amp im in bed alone at least i have my weed
 didnt take a nap or smoke like i wanted too
 lmao. where we gonna chain smoke blunts now 
 my girl never let me smoke a blunt while we in traffic 
 anybody else charlotte notice the smoke in the air
 had such a long day at work i just want to smoke a blunt and cuddle up
 god i cant wait to move to be home for good  my cousin just rolled a blunt for us to smoke later on 
 ima smoke n take a nap
 @asapponcee needs to get out of practice so we can go to the beach and smoke already
 anyone got weed taaaaa sell
 sad bc i wanna go home to cuddle and smoke with my lil baby
 fuck all the fame this shit too difficult im just gon weigh all this weed on my digital
 let me find a girl with ambition and goals   and that smokes blunts   she gonna be wifey af
 @shorthomiewill naw yall gay i cant smoke in ya whip
 the life of an albanian that lives in albania is hilarious  work  smoke  drive like animals  hookah  coffee  take pictures  and sleep
 gonna smoke the last of my tree n schleep
 fat smoke out or a pour up lol 
 eat a bowl of cheese  smoke a blunt in the house  listen to thrash metal. all cause dadaka @matthewxwindsor left me alone for a weekend
 i wanna have a chill night   smoke amp watch beauty amp the beast
  im bout to re up on this gas you wanna come smoke later 
 wanna move to the hills somewhere low and smoke and make music and do business 
 i packed this bowl for two  and iii  am gonna wanna smoke it with youuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
 about to go back home and smoke a blunt lol
  surprised im not...which one of u home growers is gonna go school them on real weed 
 i just wanna smoke my weed in peace
 i wanna go to the park and smoke a fat ass blunt
 i just wanna smoke my weed in peace
 i guess its perfect time to take a t break since i got my wisdom teeth out  cant really smoke anyway
 im ready to go  . amp its still more weed
 i just wanna smoke  but mfs not answering phones
 do i go watch lana del ray at sxsw or stay in bed and smoke a pack of cigarettes
 i hate when nights ask me do i wanna match. like no. i wanna save my weed and smoke yours. 
 i wanna get weed but i dont feel like going to get cash off my card
 i wanna go chill in the jacuzzi and smoke a blunt.
 i just wanna smoke and makeout 
 imma just post up  smoke this fat ok blunt.. respond to some emails.. and back to the grind tomorrow 
 so whats the move for tonight trying to listen to some bachata and smoke some hookah
 i dont wanna smoke   drink .. nun of det 
 id rather chill amp smoke than pay 35 per uber ride amp wait 20 min anytime i want a drink
 tay really just left me in the car to go smoke a joint with strangers. 
 chill at home with weed 
 i just wanna smoke hookah listen to music n sip somethin w a few ppl
  i just wanna smoke weed   with a bad bitch  go download my album thirddegree on 
 bbbrrrruuuhhhhhhh if you wanna take a photo shoot with the blunt  leave the circle and do it with ur own weed wtf bro  pass it 
 bbbrrrruuuhhhhhhh if you wanna take a photo shoot with the blunt  leave the circle and do it with ur own weed wtf bro  pass it
 cant wait to go home and smoke a blunt with my mom
 sleep or smoke this blunt  
 who wants to go to steak n shake and smoke a blunt 
 fuck all these checkpoints   i wanna take my weed out of my bra
 who wants to go to steak n shake and smoke a blunt  ill pay 
 hmu if uf tryna smoke a regional blunt
 lalife just wanna wish everyone a safe amp productive weekend. as always eat good  smoke good  
 nun of the weedmen answered.. ion wanna drive to richie
 im just tryna lay up and smoke a blunt wit ya boy
 if youre gonna smoke on snap please inhale it 
 i wanna smoke but i dont wanna roll. the struggle
 i cant roll my own weed anymore for a couple weeks 
 i just want to shower  smoke some blunts amp lay in our bed 
 cant even smoke a bowl in my car cause of these checkpoints
 favorite if u rather lay up amp smoke then go out and turn up 
 guess ill just smoke a bowl then go to bed 
 lol i just wanna smoke amp get some food at this point
 time to smoke some mota and go to bed 
 fist blunt i smoke again is gonna be a fattt assss backwood
 first blunt i smoke again is gonna be a fattt assss backwood
 anyone in dallas wanna smoke with jared class
 @chardinexo if all he do is smoke n lay meat
 i cant eat food until i smoke weed ...
 im just wanna smokeeeeeeeeeeeee
 someone wanna smoke a blunt w me 
 ready to go home and smoke a spliff .
 bout to drink amp smoke no aroma tonight
 and smoke a blunt 
 i like to lay around  smoke hella weed  eat  and watch tv or movies
 when i have my own place its gonna smell like weed  have anime posters all over and im gonna have like 4 rats
 i wanna smoke hookah 
 @michaelbowman77 im here with @kimweaveria the pro industrial hemp candidate who is gonna defeat white supremacist 
 not gonna lie im a little nervous to go to sleep while the house still smells like smoke and fire 
 bae wanna smoke   im tired 
 if you still believe in the illegality of marijuana  do your research and then get back to me
 if u wanna go get high w me  smoke an l in the back of the benzyyy
 them wanna sneak out and smoke me let me ask my mom real quick. them what  me she said no
 them wanna go smoke  me let me ask my mom  them wait what no  me she said no
 anyone who is stressed out  just go smoke a blunt. seriously im tellin ya to 
 its literally impossible for me to smoke and not go to sleep. like  cant do it
 yo i got off work at 6 and been knocked since just waking up bout to smoke this l and eat some cereal or sumn 
 but he wanna smoke amp act like a big baby  
 the triangle of euphoria smoke  eat  then drink.
 i just wanna smoke some bud amp listen to some old school aap mob 
 motorhead makes me wanna smoke 5 cigarettes
 just wanna smoke an go to sleep honestly
 im tryna find some1 2 smoke a blunt w i cant sleep without the boof pack
 was totally supposed to go out tonight but everyone decided to get extremely high and chill instead. i dont smoke weed 
 i just wanna smoke 
 fuck the drink where da smoke at
 pent house in the middle of the hollywood walk  legal weed  beach  relaxing  drinks  and just exploring i cant wait 
 gotta be up get ready for class in 5 hours  just smoked to try n sleep but now im more awake 
 yo i smoke all the time i pass him the blunt  wait so whats in that
 bruh now i just wanna get a ride home  ill smoke one and pay 5 for gas who sliden
 gonna smoke and eat and knock 
 if i smoke this blunt i might forget you 
 @promethhh or smoke a blunt
 bout to smoke one of these hemp blunts n try n sleep
 i wanna smoke 
 fav if u wan smoke n match rn ill swoop
 nissan sanmarcos is nowplaying blowin smoke by kaceymusgraves cubevenue
 my life is better when i can smoke 186 days to go
 i wanna smoke but ill feel like rolling up 
 i jus migh smoke a whole quartaaaaa
 i wanna smoke but i aint got nun to drink and my mouth already dry asf
 home early time to smoke this blunt and passs outttt
 i have weed i want to smoke but naw
 im just trying to smoke a fucking blunt 
 prolly smoke a bowl wen i get home
 wanna smoke but i aint got nobody to smoke w. lmao face
 drunkenly asking for strangers for weed
 i just wanna smoke and cuddle 
 im just gonna smoke and watch bridesmaids ...
 curve me all you want ima smoke my blunt and watch you get played   who feeling dumb in the long run
 hopefully ill get some sleep after i smoke
 yall wanna chill in each others filth amp smoke yall disgusting. 
 aye im bein a bitch rn ima just smoke this blunt
 since nobody wanna smoke and go get food w me  i guess ill just go to bed
 im finna go smoke the rest of this
 its almost 2 still never got cigarettes... probably gonna dab myself to sleep and eat more weed candy
 i wanna smoke a thooka on top of that 
 who got a fat i ll smoke
 high key about to leave and get myself mcdonalds and go home and smoke a bowl
 i roll his weed amp we move through the city 
 cant wait to go home to my weed. 
 i swearrrrr @swishersweets needs to sponsor me as much as i smoke  bgc17
 i need a boo i jus wanna cuddle and smoke
 i wanna smoke dope ughhhhhh
 im about to smoke 2 fat blunts alone 
 gonna smoke hookah and hit the sack
 @thatfunwhiteguy @darianwinters1 who would wanna smoke more weed to get less out of it ..
 randomly woke up amp i had to smoke so i can go back to sleep been trying for awhile now smh
 i smoked a blunt in publics bathroom with some true ogs tonight. they didnt give a fuck
 cant get more clutch then some weed delivered at 430 in the morning
 if you smoke  drink  fuck  or eat  youre still gonna die. so might as well smoke  drink  fuck  and eat all the shit you want to.
 let me smoke this last blunt and take my ass to sleep 
 im gonna meet @wizkhalifa one day and we gone smoke a fat ass 
 we can just smoke watch basketball and enjoy silence everybody else wanna socialize
 i wanna smoke. but if i do im not getting up for the gym. im going back to sleep
 i just wanna smoke hella blunts and eat hella good when i go out to cali
 i just wanna fuck   smoke and chill. 
 the only thing we wanna do is smoke all the time so we never make it to actual moves lol
 all we do is smoke  eat  nap  repeat.
 came home smoked a bowl made a quesadilla and my coachella box came in the mail in stoked 
 yo but im still trying to smoke a blunt with @yellowclaw
 my freedom smokes is a good online vape site too. they just dont have much variety on eliquids and other vapegear. still great. vapelife
 just woke up. now do i play one match of 2k before work or just give smoke my l and wait it out
 just got smoked for telling my sergeant to go back home he look sleepy 
 i really just want to go buy some henny and weed rite now and go sit and eat at hooks solo.  but im glued to the bed atm. help
 jus smoke cones 
 just had a seizure at the super bowl  woke up in the 3rd quarter looking for the smoke......
 gonna smoke a cigarette for szczesny now arsenal wbavafc pleasecomehome
 toyotaofboerne is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 im taking a bath with my bath bomb tonight while i smoke a blunt amp have a glass of wine because i goddamn deserve it 
 debating on if i wanna sit in my car and smoke or go back to sleep
 dont wanna smoke by myself but i need it
 a nigga gon smoke him bout that one day 
  shit happen  smoke a blunt take a nap and get over it  my life
 and prolly smoke a blunt with lol
 renee and bryan need to wake up so we can go get weed 
 rick ross makes me wanna smoke cigars  but i hate cigars.
 i jst wanna smoke amp drink all day
 im so sick ion even wanna smoke
 lets smoke a blunt and lay down.
 time to get back to the yard. lots of weeds to wack and kill. my favorite work to do is my yard work. excited for w 
 i just wanna smoke rn
 do i wanna smoke a back wood rn
 i wanna smoke and chill with somebody...on some vibe shit
 said i was gonna quit smoking but then smoked that night tf
 i totally forgot that i have a weeding to go too after i get off work today
 @cornfrmr @trausch6 i just do a shallow ridge under the pivot  just enough to make planting work better. also helps with weed control.
 someone smoke this magical blunt with me
 the weed n roll up just sitting here n i aint move once
 we really got this horrible ass weed yesterday
 @timcook   siri built into smoke detectors for home and business could accomplish a seamless connection with cars  people  homes amp business
 i just wanna smoke weed all day
 i wanna race somebody in my whip.. who wanna get smoked.. i got the perfect road to
 wanna smoke but i really dont feel like rolling up
 i have a car n weed who wanna wake n bake
 also gonna smoke myself out on the little gazebo 
 gonna smoke a blunt and wait for my tonys
 @t0bybryant dabs are life homie  funny thing is i can tolerate dabs more easier than weed  i can barely snap a bowl 
 i have so much hate  no i cant smoke a blunt with you.
 ill be forgetting to eat until like 3 o clock. or once i smoke then im like damn i didnt eat all day 
 so long to concords 73yearold smokestack 
 lemme go smoke this blunt  im irritated
 somebody in emphis wanna have a listening party to more life  you provide the spot ill sponsor the weed and order us a pizza
 somebody in memphis wanna have a listening party to more life  you provide the spot ill sponsor the weed and order us a pizza
 just woke up lets smokeeee
 beach  scene come fwu  bring your own everything  drank beer pong smoke  football we on the beach wit it meeting at the complex at 2
 i just smoked a blunt wit yo girlfriend...
 @jassscasssh i smoked your joint
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i say girl thats all that we do
 i just wanna smoke and kick it with someone when i get off work
 @ingodwetryst while i have not seen anyone overdose on weed the heroin problem in my home town is a real problem. it needs action.
 @katyperry @theellenshow @billclinton @hillaryclinton @chelseaclinton @barackobama @renealane where the weed at yo 
 moving away when i was 17 was easy.. i hated being home. moving out when your 23 i wanna cry  imma miss my parents and smoking weed wthem
 nelly if u wanna go and get high with me  smoke a l in the back of the benze  oh why must i feel this way  me 
 such a nice day to smoke a blunt outside 
 i just wanna smoke 
 pritzl is gonna pop and were gonna smoke villanova
 about to head out in a bit an go get my nose pierced an smoke some shit wit my nigga
 ikno im mad i dont even wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke weed and be sad to it.
 yall wanna see how anti weed i used to be
 im definitely gonna love the fact that i can casually smoke a blunt outside 
 imma go full vegetarian for the month of april.   gotta lose this netflix belly...i dont really drink...this is all weed and netflix lmao
 can not wait to get off work and smoke a fat blunt to my face 
 @audibanyo @curib that thang is so damn good i wanna put it in my pipe amp smoke it 
 i just wanna smoke amp lay around.
 just got off work so ready to home and to smoke w this boy. 
 all i do is smoke dabs  
 q how do you heal as an artist  a listen to music and smoke a blunt.  @snoopdogg   sxsw
 show tonight ya fucks we finna roll these fat ass woods smoke them the  fuck up and give yall the performance yal 
 can we send april home shes sick  manager april go home  smoke a bowl or something
 that one vine where the little girl is crying about wanting to smoke weed. thats me right now.
 i always forget when i smoke alone i dont need as many bowls amp then always get really high 
 i dont smoke ports so why the fuck what i wanna roll my loud in a fucking port  
 you can barely smoke that hoe.  hes red dab 
 im ready to smoke a blunt and listen to more life
 i wanna smoke a blunt and watch @sethrogen movies
 i cant wait to come back amp just smokeee 
 perfect weather to smoke blunts
 my girl has to smoke weed or out relationship is gonna be so damn boring
 cant wait to get home to relax and smoke my blunt
 i only fuck wit weed. @1vldecks8bmg 
 wanna smoke with new friends  todays the perfect day
 wanna smoke n go to a museum or some shit
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 just wanna smoke a nigga. @1vldecks8bmg 
 @superegoworld we cant eat hemp... makes nice clothes.
 she wanna do drugs  smoke weed get drunk
 eat till were stuffed. smoke a l  play some netflix. take a nap. girl wya
 i used to smoke the blunt till it burnt my fingers
 who wants to smoke a blunt
 from what i can gather  it works better if you smoke it. 
 the day after st. pattys day should be national lay in bed and smoke weed day.
 anyone wanna come to the smoke shop with me
 shit happens  smoke a blunt  take a nap and get over it
 you know its gonna be one of those nights when your debating a smokey eye 
 whos tryna smoke a blunt and watch sunset tomorrow
 why did i leave my weed at home 
 when is my grandpa leaving like i wanna smoke..
 i just want to smoke a bowl and sleep till tuesday
 thinking about the bowl im going to smoke when i get home
 im ready to go home and smoke
 who wanna smoke wit ej
 ive been outside in my bath robe with over size pajamas  on my hammock smoking weed for the last 2 hours.
 does anyone wanna smoke ive has it
 fuck edibles  the weed drinks are where its at
 i just wanna smoke honestly  escape for a while.
 damn after free smoke i wasnt gonna give the album any energy but now...
 all i do is work smoke and sleep. iont donning interesting
 this energy cant be contained but ive gotta for disability paperwork amp since i have lost my ability to eat without cannabis
 i cant wait to smoke and listen to this album all day long
 i wanna smoke a jay by the bay
 home is where the weed is at
 wanna smoke all my problems away .
 you cant smoke hos we smoke its too pricey .
 damn i really wanna smoke a blunt rn
 half ass make me wanna blaze one and i dont smoke
 about to smoke a blunt and listen to  morelife @drake 
 wait...i had to run back that free smoke intro.....huhhhhhhhhhhh
 @leifvollebekk holy smokes. into the ether...absolutely gorgeous. keepem coming kcrw greatsong
 time to smoke this blunt
 roll me up and smoke me when i die
 we gonna smoke hydro and we gonna drank beer
 i wan smoke n go out to eat 
 i wanna smoke specially wit dis cold weather
 bruh someone smoke this blunt with me on the beach 
 yall wanna listen to free smoke the meaning of the song is happening on tnt as we speak 
 food amp weed 
 yall i done got out of my bed just to go smoke and walk  while listening to this album. 
 im bouta go to my car jus to record myself listening to free smoke on snapchat
 just wanna go home and roll a blunt but remember the weed i have left sucks needtoreuponsome
 i cant wait to smoke man 
 he say he want smoke  i wanna fuck his sister 
 eat food  smoke  and go hiking 
 lets hang maybe smoke a blunt or chug a bottle of wine 
 lets smoke 
 i just wanna smoke weed and go see beauty and the beast like what the hell
 whos gonna smoke me out today 
 naw that free smoke finna be on repeat for the rest of my life smh
 cant wait to smoke this l
 kinda wanna make some weed brownies lol
 i just wanna smoke  go to the fair  eat amp play games
 free smoke go so hard lmao damn @drake
 i packed this bowl for two and im gonna wanna smoke it with youuuuu
 me when i pressed play on more life and heard two secs of free smoke  
  but wouldnt smoke  fuck and then cuddle be best 
 roll me up and smoke me when i die
 the way i see it  if you press a kid not to smoke bud they gonna do it behind your back. you could do it safely in the comfort of your home
 now that weed is legal i cant get that stick it to the man high anymore. go trump
 jus wana eat  cuddle amp smoke facials 
 go fuck yourself leyland you desiccated  smokestack.
 just wanna drown in that liquor amp that smoke
 me a month ago more life aint gonna be shit   me the second the beat dropped on free smoke 
 cannnnot wait to get home and smoke a blunt  watch sherek 
 just wanna lay up  smoke an l  and watch some movies.
 gonna smoke me a fat ok blunt
 you fuck around and get smoked
 i smoked a blunt on my 10 hahaha
 i jus wanna smoke 
 so i took smokey to his appt. today amp the vet wanna tell me hes stressed. i looked at smokey like tf you stressed about 
 i wanna smoke where my friends at
 eye just wanna smoke lol
 when the bass came in on free smoke 
 my back hurts cant wait to go home smoke and relaxxxxx 
 i wanna smoke and listen to more life
 i be havin to go smoke sumn after losin a competitive match. i be mad as fuck amp ready to cry  overwatch
 who the fuck goes to speedway to smoke n chill wit their homies wtf go away
 i wanna smoke 
 god damn i cant wait to get home and smoke a fucking blunt. family vacations always trigger my ass.
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 like im really about to cry i lost the rest of my fucking weed like i hate my life
 boi im finna smoke a fat ass bowl
 just wanna smoke good weed w a bad bitch 
 lol im just tryna go smoke some with the girls amp i get cut off bc savon wanna play on twitter 
 guy tries telling me his swiss army knife is worth 130 online. if you wanna blow smoke  go have a dart bud
 i just want someone i could smoke with  then lay up in bed and watch tv
 we just gone smoke pass the blunt back n fourth  
 where da opps at who wanna get smoked 
 ion wanna hit your weed and ion wanna be your homie 
 imma roll hella bitches up in a blunt and smoke em away 
 roll it up and smoke a joint with you.
 i just wanna smoke and chill w my man
 i cant wait for when i can smoke whenever i want again
 lets go smoke and listen to this more life 
 im so irritated i just wanna smoke and go to sleep.
 @fact im never physically active. i just sit and watch movies all day long n eat junk food and smoke cigs. 
 kinda want to smoke fat when i get off kinda just want to go home
 somebody smoke es blunt and cuddle me to sleep bruh i could cry
 dam i wanna smoke tonight
 @luizatanaka im gonna drop 50 tons of concentrated weed killer on ur precious tomato city
 damn this weather makes me want to smoke and have nice ass conversations in a hammock
 some girls really need to learn how to smoke a blunt
 i act like im busy but all im really trying to do is smoke  eat pizza  cuddle and watch movies 247
 all i wanna do is smoke a blunt and go to bed
 what you gonna do when the people go home and you want to smoke weed but the reefers all gone......dont front 
 damn i just wanna smoke .
 about to smoke a blunt and just go to bed 
 who wants to smoke a blunt 
 i rlly wanna go to the beach at night n smoke n drink
 when youre forced to go to the smoke session
 uhhhhh i cant wait to see ganja white night
 i made this girl smoke one time  and she threw up on my bed.
 if you give a broke nigga 100 and he go buy weed instead of flipping it....leave his dumb i wanna be broke forever ass alone
 feels good to relax in bed and smoke a fat one 
 bro mauricio smoked the blunt from the wrong side and he burnt his tongue 
 just wanna smoke and eat my tacos 
 i was gonna go out  but id rather just smoke n listen to more life in my room
 i need a girl who smokes and wanna kick it with me and some homies fmt if you tryna come through
 i wanna smoke 
 i just wanna smoke to a view rn.
 the bass on free smoke so ignorant who wanna throw hands
 just heard my dad say i wanna smoke right now  kushhhh
 who wanna smoke
 cant fuck w it if all she wanna do is smoke and drink
 i wanna smoke
 i just wanna smoke and go for a drive
 listen  all i wanna do is smoke with you. sit down  have dinner with the folks with you.
 honestly wanna smoke so bad but cant let that mess with my health rn   endurance wise   cause im trynna ride fast
 she just wanna smoke all my weed and drink all my drank 
 brooklyn just woke me up to smoke amp roll a blunt  creeepyyyy
 me so are you gonna smoke with  dj hell naw all the dicks thatve been in that mouth... 
 literally cant sleep without weed 
 im trying to smoke only if u have a piece cuz im too lazy to roll rn
 yo hmu if you trynna watch fresh prince an smoke some woods when im home  
 my mother having an ekg in gonna go and have a smoke and you are telling me because
 anyone wanna smoke
 ready to go home n smoke this dope
 i fucks wit dj smokey tho
 feeling some type of way right now i just wanna smoke lol. but nah
 im the lets stay home amp smoke all night type. 
 i wanna smoke a blunt with bad luck brian  macklemore and toby from the office.
 cant wait to go home and smoke a nice fat joint
 about to smoke a fat bowl  crack a cold one  and knock tf out 
 when a 3 boys pass up pussy to smoke a blunt with you  amp you eat beef stew amp go to bed instead 
 holy water cannot help you now... im gonna raise the stakes  im gonna smoke you out. 
 if you really wanna smoke let fitch know. if you really wanna roll let spitts know 
 i just wanna smoke in peace in theres dumb cops out rn
 i just wanna smoke but theres dumb cops out
 free smoke goes so hard im surprised i aint wake my mom up 
 might as well wait to smoke in the morning instead of forcing it
 gonna hit up the beach on my birthday smoke a lil drink a lil. if your interested hmu  btw its monday .
 i wanna smoke but cant
 give me a sec ..sips tea i got you ..get @ him for me please tell him bring my weed back his white bomber
 im bored nn i wanna smoke again 
 anyone tryna smoke a blunt 
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 i have to smoke my last jay to go to sleep 
 i wanna be able to sit back and smoke blunt with my boo
 kinda wanna smoke and get food  kinda wanna sleep
 @whitemexican4l smoke weed everyday
 i wanna smoke
 fuck it gonna smoke a bowl or two then chill till i crash out . 
 i just want to smoke and cuddle 
 i never ask to get smoked out but i could use a fat blunt rn
 roll up right quick while i can smoke in peace while my lil man sleep
 that moment when you lay in your bed after you smoke...
 i was at a party but i got an uber cuz i wanna go home... sit in my car  smoke a lil weed and listen to more life 
 i can see smoke in the air from sunshinefire out by diagonal amp foothills
 guess ill smoke this cone amp watch belly
 tryna smoke myself to sleep
 hmu if u wanna smoke and get breakfast
 well fuck  since i cant smoke anymore i might as well join a gym  that plant life is gonna start soon 
 my roomie woke me up at 2 am to smoke a couple bowls... i knew i loved him
 sunshinefire boulderfire this morning. over 1 000 homes now evacuated and boulder covered in smoke  
 watch those blunt chaserz in the morning.... always tryin to smoke never got they own smoke
 cant wait to get home tonight so i can smoke an l
 i need to go home  i need weed before my cramps kill me
 moving to nc by friday   if you wanna hang and smoke a blizzy for i leave hmu
 bout to really go on solo solo smoke ride amp listen to morelife 
 rey go smoke es blunt...
 i smoked a blunt in my dream woke up crying n sweating lol
 got this good sunday off and all i wanna do is lay up with somebody daughter smoke  watch movies and eat all day... but ion got the juice
 no ones gonna wanna buy schwag weed lol
 @shellyslavsky it tastes like fruit punch w weed in it
 kinda wanna smoke after work 
 just gonna smoke another heavy till i stop bleeding. thats how health works right
 i just wanna smoke blunts all day
 man yall won im bout to dip on my babymoms and daughter bout to hang in the stuy and smoke some bud
 i want to smoke a blunt in a tree
 boulderfire sunshinefire  smoke getting super intense at 505 college  wind now blowing slightly from n 
 had a nightmare that i was preg so now im gonna drink alcohol and alcohol and smoke weed and eat sushi and soft cheese just to feel alive.
 shawty say lets chill smoke and watch moonlight.  i said good fight
 had a nightmare that i was preg so now im gonna drink alcohol and coffee and smoke weed and eat sushi and soft cheese just to feel alive.
 need sum smoke n fake got headache still drinkn that shit
 @celestemedinaa wanna smoke amp eat with us 
 i need someone to cuddle and smoke with on the beach
 bout to grab this weed nap
 fuck it though im not tryna go to jail for smoking weed hell nah how the fuck that sound lol
 so i can smoke before work
 i just wanna smoke and watch soul train today
 she said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 i just wanna smoke and live in peace...i want the same for the rest of the world
 cant wait to go home and smoke  cant deal with all this stress 
 when i wanna smoke someone out they dont answer 
 tryna smoke before i go back to get out.
 all i wanna do is get off work  smoke some weed and lay on my couch watching half baked
 my baby drake dropped his album and i cant wait to smoke that tonight
 come scoop me if you wanna smoke a fatty 
 i wanna smoke and go to the mall
 they said ima crackhead cause if ion smoke i dont wanna eat 
 today is a perfect day to smoke a fat l on the beach and get some fat tuesday 
 holla fuck the world w my chest full of smoke
 i hate yall  nun of yall are ever down to smoke and go eat a decent ass meal 
 feel like shit.. but i think ima grab a brew smoke a fat blunt.. an just go in
 @jgustaf1 im gonna smoke you hoe
 say you gonna smoke me ha bitch you not bout it
 im at smoke bbq in fort lauderdale  fl 
 @flyingcactus @theslyest smoke a blunt with me after work yall
 me  hey wanna come over her  you gonna smoke me out  me 
 now ill go smoke to free smoke
 i wanna smoke 
 i just wanna smoke
 trynna smoke before work its beautiful outside
 smoking weed  he never wanna leave the house
 @kobang19 get them tomorrow. ill smoke a blunt with you since i have some extra money to blow . then you can go on your way
 so .. we wanna legalize heroin .. but not weed  what the flying hell 
 i fuck w free smoke on drake new album.
 i cant wait to get back to cali and smoke a fat ass blunt and do my homework 
 stephanie piedrahita  keep your eye on this girl  she is an up an coming medical cannabis 
 gonna open a weed dispensarymassage parlor for the bitches
 chickenzilla.  im gonna need a bigger smoker. 
 im dying to smoke a fucking blunt.
 @cnn  u gonna go radical islam terrorism or cannabis maybe @usagsessions has a point on cannabis ur call.  maga 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and chill all day 
 i wanna smoke hookah like where r my friends
 just wanna get something chocolate and smoke like 5 blunts .
 @dashawnbullfrog i wanna smoke chads weed lmfao
 im tryna smoke an l go to robert moses and listen to drakes new album
 howd he get the smoke to go in one direction 
 @carminezozzora @surfermom77 @maddow we the people can weed them out just dont watch them.  no audience they will disapear.
 cant wait to get off work and smoke out 
 cant wait to smoke a blunt
 like  whats next  whats that  whats up i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 all i wanna do today is drop some limes in some coronas and smoke cigars outside
 does anyone want to sit in bed w me and listen to music n smoke weed. not too much to ask
 while im in work someone make plains to smoke with me after   k thanks 
 everybody whos anybody round this way has smoked a joint with trayd have you thehitscollection2 42017 see you 
 having a smoke at work... @ fort greene  brooklyn 
 been enjoying the company of myself lately  especially when the wine or weed kicks in lol 
 every day at work i daydream ab the fatty im gonna smoke when i get home
 wanna smoke
 that bass line in free smoke really get me hype.
 im goin out tonight wit my girl yeah she down to ride im wit my homies yeah they down for life smoke weed get high all night
 whats up whats people doing today i can tell you they arent out buying weed today. its so nice out. i wanna go on a walk with someone
 time to smoke and eat
 but nah i cant smoke my blunt in there. lmao.
 i wanna smoke but i dont know a weed man in taylor 
 so much cig smoke amp vape in the air. but no blunt smoke  i had a fat blunt too
 lets smoke weeed and cuddle pls
 does any body want to be the real mvp and bring me wraps i dont wanna smoke alone
 i only smoke weed that is seedless.
 i cant wait till i go to la and open my weed business
 i miss denver and my good dope smoke mane.... ill be home tomorrow tho 
 i havent smoked all week  my tolerance when i come home is gonna be so niiiiceeee 
 a moldy bag of marijuana.      foundwhilespringcleaning
 cant  wait to go home and smoke this good weed of mine.
 im skressed  i need to smoke and lay on some titties
 imma smoke a fat one tomorrow
 wanna smoke amp get ice cream
 free smoke at tucker hs gym today if anybody wanna hoop...ladies tell yo nigga
 yard work for today is done. chicken on the smoker  time to relax and enjoy the nice weather. 
 all she wanna do is smoke that 
 i get more satisfaction outta go at yall head and seeing yall die ...free smoke
 tomorrow might be a smoke outside kinda day
 i just wanna sleep for days amp wake up to good news amp weed
 cause dont nobody wanna smoke them harsh ass woods. lmao 
 my plan this evening is to go home  smoke and watch the twilight saga with homegirl 
 day drinking and dreaming of you i let the ashtray smoke my last cigarette
 i need a permanent weed man  weed girl whatever they wanna call themselves people be bsing
 me bae  im bored  him wanna smoke   me bae  im sad him wanna smoke   
 kinda wanna smoke a spliff instead of blasting my brain with this bong .... 
 i wanna see how long i can go before smoking weed
 walking to the river  bout to smoke this blunt 
 i wanna go to denver with the crew  but i dont smoke anymore
 i wanna smoke a bluntttyyyyy
 is niacin gonna flush the weed out my system
 went to the club amp bought a pen that doesnt even fucking work  83 thc dabs i cant smoke
 @chazdeathhead all u weed heads tryna jockoff the rastafari  lifestyle n shit but they dont fucking hit 1gram dabs 5 times a day like chill
 cant wait to smoke this weed amp these kingpens.
 this bitch wanna smoke all my weed
 literally all i do is work and smoke when im off then sleep and repeat 
 @softncunt smoke sesh tnt
 eat healthy and roll ganja 
 i just wanna smoke my blunt
 i want a girl to lay back with  smoke a blunt and listen to music with 
 she just wanna smoke and fuck .. girl thats all that we do
 its the ones that smokes blunts witcha  see ya picture now they wanna grab the guns and come and getcha
 all i wanna do these days is smoke weed take naps eat pussy and watch the office
 i am just as much against cannabis marketeers amp profiteers as i am all others. tracey g peoplebeforeprofit peoplebeforepolicy
 someone give me a ride home at 7 and get smoked up
 i wanna hear a weed wickie wacka at basslantic
 im full. so im ready to smoke and nap
 i am just as much against cannabis marketeers amp profiteers as i am all others. tracey g peoplebeforeprofit peoplebeforepolicy
 i am just as much against cannabis marketeers amp profiteers as i am all others. tracey g 
 at this point i just wanna smoke and then go off somewhere and die 
 @joerogan did you actually smoke weed before your triggered special if so  i wanna hear that story 
 cant wait to smoke this blunt on the way home
 lol all bhawyn wanna do is take naps when he aint got no weed
 someone wanna smoke when im done w this shit
 i just smoked a blunt wit yo girlfriend
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do
 gonna listen to new drake. smoke and then clean my car  
 food  weed  amp lashes is exactly where my money goes  in that order
 any one wanna smoke 
 im really wantin to go to woodshed smokehouse
 i wanna smoke some weed so bad but i cant cuz i gotta take a drug test soon 
 bout to go on this hike by myself smoke a wood and watch this sunset
 i wanna cry lol i guess ill smoke one more bowl brb ladies
 i just lay back  smoke a blunt  rub my back or something.
 cant wait to smoke a fat bowl 
 looks around see all the possibilities  go outside to smoke a blunt an feel the breeze
 have you ever been to texas   sxsw   where we can smoke a zip like we cant get arrested  @kalii01
 anybody wanna smokeeee
 i just wanna smoke n drink
 i just wanna smoke  cuddle  and watch movies.
 the coast guards are smiling bc they gonna get high with all the weed 
 @rednationrising poster child for hypocrites snoopdogg just go back home amp smoke a blunt and leave the politics t 
 ltprincessleia2gt caffine is much less deadly tho ltmykbevgt not if you smoke it
 just wanna smoke 
 not that i sell weed  but if you cant function some cant while you work and get the job done  what the hell yall testing for.
 not that i sell weed  but if you can function some cant while you work and get the job done  what the hell yall testing for.
 someone be my friend and come smoke some dabs and ish
 this weather  i wanna go smoke a blunt on a rooftop and listen to music
 listen  all i wanna do is smoke with you sit down  have dinner with the folks with you
 jus getting off .. going home finna mop my house . take a hot ass shower . smoke me the fattest blunt amp watch netflix 
 so do i really wanna be out in the cold trying to smoke 
 ima backawood roller  really a smoker  this louder than when you drive on the shoulder
 i hope my sister is home i dont wanna smoke alone
 smh im not gonna smoke weed again for a minute
 why cant i find a chill girl to kick back smoke a blunt and watch anime.....
 we gone wake up n smoke us a blunt n fck
 same but i just wanna smoke just to smoke lmaoo 
 black ppl always wanna talk with the blunt in they hand  smoke the damn blunt 
 not tonight karlsson. not tonight. price has you in his radar. i wanna see someone smoke karlsson.
 have you ever been to tx sxsw where we can smoke a zip like we cant get arresteddddddddddddd
 i wanna smoke
 who tryin to go for a drive and smoke
 if you wanna go and get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benzie 
 im gonna smoke a bowl about it
 gonna smoke and chill with eric tonight 
 wait till you see what were doing with the marijuanas   
 @yungblkhrt @fatnick @lilpumpjetskiii @smokepurpp @theslumpgod pump and smoke just gonna shoot them self so imma go w ski
 @ksla we have much bigger problems than marijuana. lets move on.
 really song wanna smoke alone
 out of work  finally boutta smoke this blunt 
 i just wanna shower  smoke a bowl  and listen to some good ass adele songs with a good tear  while i fall asleep
 just want to smoke some bowls rn
 i just wanna vibe to some rampb and smoke..
 anyone wanna smoke with me
 sometimes i wonder if weed helps my antidepressants or just actually acts as a better antidepressant
 i cant wait to smoke this blunt to put me to sleep.
 cant wait to lay in my bed and smoke 
 @mmasonxxx holy smokes i wanna go shopping with you 
 just wanna vibe and smoke dawg
 ready to smoke a bowl and pass the fuck out.
 who the fuck let me watch weeds why the fuck did anyone let me watch weeds weeds is so stressful dont watch weeds
 duke you have caused this second blunt im gonna smoke
 wanna smoke what ever it is he smoking lol 
 who wanna chill and smoke 
 anyone wanna smoke a blunt and get pizza cause i do but you gotta drive
 i  just wanna smoke away 
 im gonna come over and dick u tf down then smoke a blunt w u and rub ur butt 
 sleep  weed  eat 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt  fuck and watch a movie til we fall asleep.
 all i wanna do is smoke some hookah 
 someone swoop an lets kick it im trynna smoke
 im just tryna smoke so i can eat shit 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forgetchu  
 if i smoke this blunt girl im forgetchu  
 gonna smoke a fat one then go to bed 
 new meds again and i can only sleep 2 hours at a time if i dont smoke before bed haha nice dude 
 wanna smoke again 
 does anyone in bay shore wanna smoke a fucking blunt at like 1 am
 k im bout to try and smoke lets see how this goes
 gonna smoke this bowl  and be on a cloud somewhere. 
 wish id stop forgetting i have weed on me when i go to work 
 tryna smoke this blunt but not by myself 
 i wish i was allowed to lay in bed and smoke a blunt
 jet come smoke a blunt with me in the morning
 @naomiedith18 get up bitch we aint gotta go drink lets just go smoke a blunt
 someone bring me a blunt wrap i wanna smoke a bluntttt
 honestly cant wait to get to killeen only cause i just wanna smoke a good ass blunt
 should i smoke a blunt
 gotta work tomorrow morning and i just wanna smoke and get up late
 someone please scoop to smoke an l jesus fuck ill cop wrap and throw 5 fuck
 bye i go to make my bed and i find a bag of weed under the covers
 got babes lunch ready for work tomorrow  him and hay are asleep and i think ill smoke amp head to bed too
 who wanna smoke with the kid 
 omg finally we made it home  ive missed my 247 city. now time for me to go home to smoke amp pass out 
 yall gonna listen to a teen that smokes bogies 
 girls that smoke cigarettes now are gonna be crackheads later on
 nothing makes me more sad than when i run out of weed
 nothing more than to smoke my problems away while soaking in a bath. fuck the world  and fuck everyone. 
 up from nap. time to smoke.
 should i smoke this blunt 
 just wanna smoke with my baby already
 i wanna smoke but i know ima be sleep. .
 i think i wanna smoke again before bed
 got this stufd ass blunt .. no one to smoke wit smh
 wasnt tryna smoke but i might have too  dead cant sleep
 ever wish you could snap your fingers and be unfaded holy smokes  i just wanna sleep now
 dont smoke but boutta play w a dab pen aka rip goodbye
 fuck lighter thieves im just tryna smoke some dope man
 the one time i wanna smoke im broke af
 i wanna smoke a cigarette and take a shower. right now
 got this blunt and nobody to smoke with 
 i dont wanna smoke rn but thats the only thing thats gonna help me sleep
 boutta drive all the way to the beach to smoke a blunt
 just wanna smoke a couple blunts rn a forget about life
 i just wanna smoke weed and contemplate life w @joeymillsxxx
 free smoke decent and no long talk cool.
 wake up hungry at 4am and all i have is weed suckers... fuck
 trying hard to stay in my bed and fight the urge to go smoke 
 bout to smoke this blunt and sleep like a baby yall im so happy
 let me go my ass home n smoke high grade 
 @acmsmahomie74 smoke weed everyday
 i expect a huge a pile of weed ready to smoke when i come back home tomorrow after my finals.
 if i smoke this blunt ima forget you
 and i just wanna fuck around and smoke witchu @nimarofficial 
 imma smoke this blunt and forget you girl
 naw fuck that i got find this weed before angie get the geeking.
 hop out and im reekin of weed
 how the fuck are you just gonna smoke in the middle of a bodega at 7 am blatant
 ugh i just wanna trim weed fuck painting 
 @sethrogen wait  wait  wait...you smoke marijuana
 who wanna smoke that gas this morning 
 bouta get dunkin smoke then go back to sleep till work
 i just wanna fuck i just wanna smoke my blunt
 lets smoke a blunt
 whos in the east and wanna smoke
 today is def a smoke amp cuddle day 
 i smoked a sativa to get some work done and and indica to go to sleep.
 today i just wanna smoke and vibe out. who free
 head  smoke blunt and breakfast all in that order
 im a blunt gettin smoked and i cant wake up
 i wanna smoke lmao
 she so 100 go get everything i need for me  hold it down fuck me good amp roll my weed for me 
 @katyturnbc where there smoke... 
 i wanna smoke a nice fat woody rn
 i woke up and smoked a blunt outside w no socks on this morning   fuck indiana
 best thing i did smoke a fat one before work
 let me smoke this joint to get rid of the nausea the other joint gave me. sheit.
 i wanna be this calm but i dont drink or smoke  how do i relaxxxxxx 
 ilovemakonnen cause all these niggas wanna smoke my bud  me smoke my buuuuuuuuuuuuuud 
 outta weed... tryna give this edible more time to kick in before i fuck around eat the whole thing in one setting and be too high
 im finally on springbreak yuuuss.  who wanna hang as in smoke or hike lmao
 happy first day of spring niggas that just means better weather to smoke ls in
 i just wanna smoke then get some olive garden 
 i need a girl i can just wake up in the morning with eat breakfast then chill smoke and watch jerry springer
 we just wanna smoke and hang with the fine niggas
 niggas will fuck your girl then smoke a blunt with you.  welcome to nyc  rats
 i have to quit smoking beautiful beautiful ganja tomorrow and im so fucking stressed
 grandma needs to calm down with the asking favors everyday  like i barely have time to smoke and eat a hot pocket let alone go to walmart.
 if i smoke this blunt girl imm forget you
 if i smoke this blunt girl imma forget you
 but let me roll this cali weed up this shit smell so good got me in tears
 i need a girlyfriend to go to the club with  come over and smoke hookah   get our nails done  but you females are all fake 
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do
 n i smoke till i got chest pain
 nelly if you wanna go get high with me smoke an l in the back of the benzie oh why must i feel this way   me ayy 
 the weed relieve the stress when im depressed  rest in peace to antonio he took 2 to the chest 32008 rip
 all i do is eat  sleep  go to class amp smoke.
 free smoke anybody wanna get it they can get it  no joke.
 finally cleaning up   bout to hop in the shower amp eat and lay back and watch movies n smoke   i aint comin out the house today
 .@mynameisgriz up in smoke at @thebukuproject   photo @treevalds 
 im supposed to start my t break today but its so nice out and makes me wanna smoke
 @dadamnval dont smoke today or tomorrow and eat peppermints before you take the swab
 when ik i got weed at home im way more calm at work 
 fuck rearranging a room takes all damn day.. yea i kno its only gonna be 130 but ive only smoked 1 joint n drank 1 cup of coffee
 i just wanna smoke my blunt in peace and this  fckn wit me
 lets smokeee and enjoy this nice ass day  hmu somebodyyy
 guy walks up to guy next to me wanna go smoke a bowl in my truck guy next to melooks at time fuck it im down
 i just wanna go on a picnic smoke talk and just vibe with someone
 just gonna smoke fatty bowls till i have to go to work.
 gonna go smoke this fatty get over today already highlife weed hightimes
 somebody come get me im tryna chill maybe nap and smoke 
 im just trying to smoke a blunt w @jeffreestar  nate  amp zach
 im bout to smoke a blunt and go shopping 
 bruh how you smoke out an apple explain lmfaoooo its some shit i wanna do
 @texasdamnit its all smoke and mirrors whats gonna happen if we go to war astronauts shoot each other what a joke
 i kind of just want to smoke a bowl and take a nap for the rest of the day
 i wanna smoke amp do chill shit today since i have the day off.. no takers  ok. bye now
 yall just be assuming every couple wanna sit around and smoke weed  
 i just wanna go home and smoke 
 i dont get how anyone can smoke and drink all day and the little money they do get goes to weed or a brew 
 drake is dominicano  he made a bachata  he smoke hookah  he takes your bitch  he fuck mad bitch watch else
 im at seans smokehouse in saratoga springs  ut 
 money come an go but weed stay the same
 lets smoke a blunt
 somebody wanna smoke me out today
 got some new weed cant wait to try that
 anyone wanna smoke ill spark ya broke ass up
 stays up all night for 8am final. goes home after sleepy a f. smokes bowl not sleepy anymore. 
 i cant wait to hurt this food and smoke... smfh... im goin pass the fuck out...
 wanna smoke and fuck to some reggae
 say she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 i get an pissed when im hungry or wanna smoke 
 my weed at home too bruh  im fhinna go ape shit if she dont take me home
 right bruh  i really hope ion get smoked out here. i wanna die of natural causes  
 great now all im gonna do is watch anime and smoke blunts
 @smoss  go smoke a blunt and go to hell
 i wanna smoke weed 
 anyone wanna smoke .
 if you aint smoke good through the bad times we cant relate 
 cannot fucking wait to smoke when i get in the house
 i just wanna smoke on the lake while sippin on a daiquiri rn 
 bout to smoke a wood and eat a taco 
 fresh off the clock and all i wanna do is sleep . ion even want to enjoy the weather ... i just wanna smoke a blunt amp sleep
 oh well at least i got outta work early  i cant wait for a drink and smoke later
 @munciee need to smoke a blunt to get on you fucks brain levels i was pissed
 im still geeking i wanna kno who told the babe i smoke big gas 
 donny throws more smoke... 
 ...pungent gochujangmarinated pork  smoked over oakamphickory wood amp served as a sandwich crowned w kimchi coleslaw 
 ima pack a bowl and go lay down on the trampoline and smoke and enjoy this weather
 wanna go look at weed whackers.
 i need a fat sack of money amp a fatter sack of weed to fall in my lap anytime now
 im just ready to get off work and smoke this blunt amp just forget about everything for a while
 cant wait to get home smoke this day away.
 i just wanna smoke on the balcony  this lovely ass weather
 seeing dave chapelle make me wanna smoke just cause.. 
 my mom wanna smoke w me so bad for some dumbass reason 
 @keilandecuir how you not gonna smoke a backwoods bruh
 that boy aaron gonna get this dude amp his whole family smoked smh 
 lets smoke and order pizza no nigga lets go to the park 
 when your home alone with no weed vs when your home alone with weed . 
 i wish i had a blunt to smoke for this 5 oclock traffic im bout to be in after work.. fuh 
 cheers to my first day and loving it toronto startup @ tokyo smoke 
 just gonna smoke a j and let that temptations greatest hits record spin when i get off. today kicked my ass
 everyones bein lame today so im just gonna go smoke a bowl and go back to bed gn
 and smoke a blunt 
 just wanna smoke and lay up
 cant wait to leave work n smoke
 ima just take a drive smoke this lil l
 literally about to go to the rock and just chill and smoke and orbit by myself. cant let this pretty day go to waste.
 cant wait for zach to get off so we can go hiking and smoke a bowl
 a wild pitch brings in second run before adrianna snethen smokes one up the middle to drive in two more. 40 tigresses still in bot first
 @thevanessablake u wanna smoke with me
 i really wanna make music but we are getting weed. i already feel lethargic.
 im so excited that im about to go home  smoke and cook ..
 i just smoked a blunt wit yo girlfriend
 gonna whip myself up 2 blts    right after my spinach bowls im about to smoke up
 this weather makes me wanna smoke a blunt n go to bed not work 
 the girl who just sat next to me in class smells so much like cigarette smoke i already have a headache im gonna throw up omfg.
 this free smoke beat gonna get me thrown in jail
 i just wanna smoke n fuck her all night long till im dry
 life goal i wanna smoke weed through a crab leg....
 i just wanna smoke this blunt in private
 i had a blunt saved for this bus ride im dumb tight i aint have time to smoke it  
 babygirl jus wanna smoke a pound do an oz get sum dick n tell her friends about it
 when you eat a treat n smoke a blunt be way too much im gone
 i want the 1st shirt bc i smoke weed and im cool so i relate 
 all i wanna do is drive my car and smoke a bowl by myself wmy playlist i fuck with when nobodys around but i cant
 eat thai  chill  smoke n watch bball ight tight jus me 
 who wanna smoke
 all we do is smoke and fuck
 i cant wait to smoke again
 all i wanna do is smoke a lil chronic
 i need a friend i can smoke a fat blunt w  that will let me cry bc life is rough but will also make me laugh and tell me everythings good
 i wanna smoke with someone new
 if anyone feels like they wanna smoke me up... i am here 
 now its time to go home n smoke some weed
 god fucking damn it i wish i had some fucking weed. what the fuck.
 i need a friend that will smoke then get food and have sleep overs with me 
 i just wanna smoke a cigar and drink a beer at the lake rn. whens summer
 jesus drank wine  he didnt smoke a blunt  @katelynbrazile
 not quitting my mokes cant wait to smoke out my bong
 this bitch wanna smoke all of my weed  ion wan no sex told her to get on her knees
 i wrap my feelings in my blunt when i smoke.....
 gonna smoke dis weed and go get queso flamiado somewhere. fuck you monday
 im off these next two days and marlene is coming over to smoke  eat  and nap with me in a bit and im happy.
 i just wanna smoke amp i cant even do that now 
 just gonna smoke  eat pizza and watch netflix tonight
 if u tryna smoke and watch the new chappelle stand up special tonight hit me
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 roll me up and smoke me when i die.. 
 if she aint got ass ion wanna smash  weed so good ion wanna pass 
 i have a smoke date with my boo tomorrow and i cant wait 
 really just wanna lay up and smoke wit a luh bae  buuuuut noo...single life 
 i wanna smoke some weed lowkey
 roll this weed 
 just wanna cuddle smoke and bump jhene aiko
 wanna smoke 
 when youre home alone and can finally smoke now  i need this 
 who wanna get smoked out
 @tampabo @therhinolv 3.5 hours away when im home. i have access to the best weed on the planet.
 @heaatherrrrrr come smoke a bowl with me
 let her roll my weed fuck her then i go to sleep
 wish i had someone to lay up an smoke trees with every night after work..
 like go smoke a blunt or get dick fuck 
 fuck it im bout to smoke
 just smoke you a blunt
 omar comes thru  i roll 4 more joints.. he goes i might smoke 1 or 2 3 joints later i try passin it n he takes it
 i wanna get high i wanna get low come on i wanna smoke a little spliff with you
 take the plan serious or watch it go in smoke
 i only smoke king sized  
 tryna smoke a blunt amp listen to 4422
 my manager gust told me he smokes weed lol its lit
 when i wanna smoke this jay so badddddd 
 @allisonkate7 he gon wait til everybody ready  go handle something then smoke then shower and get ready
 you know youve had a horrible day when your boss tells you to go home and smoke a blunt lol
 no smoke.. i wanna smoke
 @habbott4 smoke in cabin
 whose in riverside  i wanna smoke
 hahahah me as fuck.... jus smoke another blunt 
 lmao cant wait to smoke
 my first item to try smoked pork belly and cheese grits from @funkadelic85. let me tell you  
 keif rolled js  whos tryna smoke i need to wind downnn 
 whos gonna come smoke w me and rub my booty till i fall asleep
 i just wanna smoke..two drug tests tomorrow though... both oral.
 gonna stream some ki after i smoke playki
 nah she can roll me a blunt and just shut up and smoke it with me 
 our @jeffcoxwgxa checked the fires around georgia amp wind amp traced monday night smoke in macon to ft benning contr 
 i just wanna smoke some weed
 @paolabonitaaa na u dont what u wanna do is smoke w me
 i wanna smoke weed to this so i wanna do coke
 i juss wanna smoke a couple blunts 
 lmao bout to put all these pa weedmans in a group msg fuck it easier  somebody bound to reply
 i just wanna smoke and watch rocket power
 when i get back to school i swear to god im gonna smoke so many joints  become a hot spy  and submit a killer capstone
 bout to smoke the rest of this blunt   get the fire stick amp gts 
 this weather makes me want to smoke amp listen to the rolling stones all niiight
 having to sneak out of your parents house at the age of 24 to smoke a bowl before bed ....... 
 gonna do a weekend getaway. get a cabin  chill in the jacuzzi  and smoke all the weed i want.
 cant sleep so i called smoke and his ugly ass sleep 
 i just wanna smoke 
 im gonna smoke it guys  tell my fuxkin parents
 @damiencastro get some hemp seeds while youre at it so yummy
 @kingjorgee next time we smoke this gon be me 
 some kid from my nephews  preschool told the teacher that her dad grows weed in their backyard 
 ready to smoke this bleezy then ko 
 i roll my weed on it thats an asstray
 smoke  smoke smoke yourself  smoke yourself to sleep 
 ima just wait til summer to buy a hookah that way i can smoke it outside and enjoy it
 i wanna smoke but i dont wanna roll 
 gonna give the drugs a break for awhile  except 4 weed
 wanna smoke and chill with someone but theres no one 
 anyone tryna smoke a blunt
 if i smoke this blunt  im eating everything
 its so early i just wanna smoke a blunt  cuddle  amp sleep with somebody 
 damn my car still smells like marijuana  my mamas gonna kill me.
 @bossclair33 come smoke a blunt
 i need a ride to get some weed ill smoke you out
 im not tryna cuff  just wanna smoke a blunt or 2 amp put this d on you.
 im just ready to go home and smoke and sleep
 i wanna smoke pot and be smart
 i just want to ride in my ride with the top down  amp smoke weed with my niggas
 bout to smoke and try to sleep
 cant wait to get there and smoke and and listen to zelda music
 where the women that smoke weed  chill  ambitious  and like talkin about nerdy ish while i lay on her booty 
 im just gonna smoke till i pass out lol 
 i smoke.... dont like it take ya ass on somewhere then cause im bout lite another blunt
 who wants to smoke a blunt n eat castanedas w me
 i wanna smoke a blunt or 2
 yass ashley coming to smoke where she is gonna laughkill me bout these tweets. 
 just smoke a fat ass bowl or joint  
 i wanna smoke so bad i just have zero energy to roll
 cant wait to get off amp smoke
 theres a stray cat in our garage the back porch is wet... can i just sit in my car and smoke and cry or ... lol
 who tf is smoking weed this late at night .get some rest. we just got back from spring break damn man
 im gonna go take these 3 shots and smoke a lil. hopefully my netflix starts working again so i can see part 2
 if you smoke  drink  fuck  or eat  you still gonna die. so you might as well smoke  drink  fuck  and eat all the shit you want to.
 i wanna smoke amp have weed but nothing to smoke it with 
 lets smoke at the beach at night....watch the waves n talk about a whole bunch of nothings
 gonna smoke a bleezy and call it a night 
 cant sleep smoke.
 wake up just to smoke and go back to bed
 just wanna smoke and listen to ld
 all i wanna do is smoke and love on my baby
 cant wait to smoke and watch this chappelle 
 if youre gonna work in healthcare or medical  dont smoke cigs 
 i kinda wanna smoke a bowl rn
 lay off the weed 
 the fastest way to get melanie out of bed is saying lets smoke 
 time to smoke a blunt and knockout  anthonymkultra greenhairdontcare 
 smoking weed before i go to court to find out how long im not gonna be able to smoke
 im ready to smoke me a fat ass blunt and eat me a good ass meal 
 wake up smoke a blunt drink some tea then back to sleep 
 ok lets smoke a cigarette then get ready for work.
 im really jus tryna smoke a blunt tho
 if you smoke a cigarette next to me  youre gonna get cussed out
 bout to roll me up some marijuana
 if you aint pray this morning u cant smoke we me this morning 
 you dont need to smoke you already lazy lmao 
 its to early to be up to not smoke a blunt.
 @iamlegend my back is in so much pain and i just wanna smoke and have it rubbed  ima look into it  probably so much bullshit to do 
 im at tokyo smoke in toronto  on 
 bout to smoke and get two hash browns
 let me smoke this blunt yall are comedy earlier
 who wanna smoke after class
 yooooo people from my hs are engaged and shit and im out here wondering when im gonna smoke weed next 
 anybody wanna bring me to walgreens and go cop i feel like shit rn ill smoke with u and everything 
 dont wanna smoke it if it aint no dank
 fuck around and get smoked
 free smoke bass is nice
 i want to get out of new york and be able to smoke weed in the park with my girlfriend or take naps w her either or
 ima smoke another blunt... this bull shit aint gettin to me today... nope not today not tomorrow not ever
 i just wanna smoke 
 gonna miss half the season for some weed. what a joke.   
 tryna smoke  eat   and go on dates and shit.....who are you again
 i have this l and no one to smoke it with 
 everybody wanna smoke but dont wanna get high.
 anybody wanna chill and smoke today
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  girl thats all that we do.
 i wanna smoke
 i would love to take a fat dab before work but i also never wanna smoke again fuck
 who tryna come thru tonight to smoke and watch this new dave chappelle stand up 
 maybe ill go smoke a blunt at the river walk today its really nice 
 cant wait to go home and smoke this blunt 
 i just wanna cruise in my mustang and smoke a blunt
 who wanna smoke a blunt
 i wonder whos gonna be the first person to smoke in outer space
 lets go to the shop and smoke after
 fuck that. imma smoke in da whip.
 havent smoked yet  amp just wanna be fucked on amp until i get both fuck everybody 
 last bit of weed no  no blunt wraps  
 just wanna smoke woods and listen to the new @sororitynoise
 someone be the homie and smoke this blunt with me
 fuck with me and get smoked or fuck with me and smoke too
 i wanna smoke a blunt in a whirlpool thats really all i want out of life
 i wanna smoke but i work later so 
 come eat at ms. piggies smokehouse on page and ashby 
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 who wanna smoke
 i might miss yah ... but watch how ima kick back smoke this blunt and forget about you on grams 
 really just wanna go get my angels tatted for my birthday amp smoke
 why you choosing to smoke all that extra tobacco.. just roll a normal blunt yall  
 back at smokey row  its gonna be a long one caffeine
 i wanna ask my og can i smoke in the crib so bad
 bout to fuck with this apple earlier lol fuck it tho smoke a blunt amp enjoy the rest of this beautiful ass day 
 nelly if you want to go and get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benze oh why must i feel this way   me 
 i wanna do some weed
 i wanna go swimming and smoke blunts and drink margaritas
 lets take a drive smoke and listen to smokey robinson 
 mike stud like whats next  whats that  whats up  everyone else i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck 
 someone wanna go on a walk and smoke a blunt with me and nate
 do not disturb goes hard  blem goes hard  sacrifices  free smoke  gyalchester  portland ... fuck it  they all go hard 
 lets smoke a fat blunt and go to sleep 
 the real struggle be when u got 68  on yo account and u wanna go half on some shit to smoke but 711 requires 2 purchase for cashback 
 i just wanna cuddle with my girl friends  smoke a blunt  and drink wine all day
 im gonna propose to trinity with a weed ring and say marriage  you wanna
 who wanna smoke a blunt or 2
 tryna smoke . fuck the weather 
 once im on aint no more passing the joint or blunt nigga we rich here some weed roll yo own shit up.
 kinda really wanna smoke
 planning a trip to schlitterbahn. we gonna hit the biggest water park in texas  drink  smoke  and eat good af. its gonna be lit 
 lets smoke weeed 
 im jus tryina smoke and enjoy the night.
 my cousin aunty really want a weed sweatershe aint even a stoner. imma jus fuckin get it cause she keep askin for it
 im tryna smokeee a fat one
 gonna design a cannabis vape volcano into my wellness spa 
 all i do is smoke   work   sleep   amp eat ......
 all i do work   smoke   sleep .....
 yes sis he aint shit bet he leasing a 2014 nissan juke and smoke a blunt every day his nut prolly taste like broke 
 home  looking to make smoke
 honestly just cant wait to go home and smoke
 anybody wanna come roll this blunt i might let you smoke too
 i wanna smoke but ion feel like rolling 
 i love nyc but cant wait to get home and smoke some weed and go to the beach lmao
 let me sit back  smoke a blunt  and just plot right quick.
 wanna smoke a blunt but the way my bank account set up.... 
 always in the mood to smoke a blunt
 ugh i dont wanna fuck with my throat but i also really need to smoke a bowl after today
 my neighbor definitely smokes bud they have big seshs im tryn get an invite
 i wanna get on that free smoke 
 gonna smoke and ride horses. im in a better mood.
 gonna be around the time i can smoke again  im gonna be baked af 
 dinner and jazz. newyorkcity mikeledonne on the  @ smoke jazz club 
 bout to smoke a blunt 
 im gonna smoke crack for the aesthetic
 when my friend hits me up talking about i think i wanna smoke 
 anyone got me on a ride to royal oak. big blunt will be smoked with you
 i really jus wanna smoke amp chill rn
 no but really though  i have all these dabs and weed and i hate smoking alone 
 cant wait to smoke this blunt after i work out 
 one of these days im gonna surprise the shit outta you  drive down there  smoke you up and adventure with you 
 holla fuck the world with my chest full of smoke 
 2017 @brownlacrosse commit @jackisonparr @mcdlaxscores @crabslacrosse w some liquid smoke reps 
 wait a minute hol up its me  wait a minute roll up the weed
 home. quick dinner. off to get some smokes. have a good evening all.
 anyone wanna smoke some weed and hang out
 if you smoke out of any type of blunt wrap ... dont talk to me we not friends i cant smoke wit u
 cant wait to be home to smoke this l and watch @davechappelle new stand up on netflix
 i can smoke a blunt and say fuck it
 i just wanna get drunk and smoke a pack
 welp this blunt aint gonna smoke itself 
 he said he wanna smoke  im tryna fuck his sista
 im ready to go home and watch vampire diaries and smoke hookah
 crack a window we gon smoke this indo
 all i do good is smoke weed and sleep
 i just wanna smoke a fatty lay in the grass while watching the planes  
 like  whats next  whats that  whats up i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck cause god damn that bodys goals as fuck
 wanna smoke
 all i wanna do is work get bans and smoke good...
 i want someone who be down to go to nature trail walks and smoke a blunt while enjoying the view
 eat then smoke   eating makes your high go away 
 anyone wanna hang with me in the smokeys 
 im really just trying to smoke a fat blunt rn tbh
 cant wait to smoke me a personal 
 if you send me snapchats of your weed theres a 100 chance im not gonna buy it
 this that temperature i just wanna smoke and ride out to the beach wit shawty.
 so nobody in the austin  tx area wanna smoke backwoods with boslick
 just smoke a blunt or take a shot.  
 i cant fw a 247 debbie downer lol smoke a blunt bro
 i wanna smoke
 been tellin yall... free smoke 
 i was gonna do my taxes tonight but im outta weed.
 me and @brittttneym gonna smoke a fat blunt with keef 
 i need to smoke a blunt and forget about the ol times
 chill  lets just smoke and make conversation
 i want to smoke a blunt
 damn i wanna smoke
 anyone smoke a blunt trough their nose yet
 she jus fucks for smoke ups
 i always like a variety now which ones to go with a shrimp pizza  slow smoked wine luxury 
 i really wasnt gone smoke tonight but fuck it
 what do you wanna do since were at the beach ...idk smoke some weed out of a crab leg 
 japan on the board. holy smoke  i love this game. lets go usa  usa  usa  wbc2017
 had a bad day i just wanna smoke then fuck my bitch then go to sleep
 melasha about to waste my weed bc she going straight to sleep when we get home smh
 kinda fucked how a man with a pending rape trial can run a country but you cant smoke weed and work at rite aid.
 avs fans can cry into their giant bowls of legal weed.
 my laptop isnt loading amp all im tryna do is smoke so i get in bed
 @matthewgonzal no fucking way did they smoke
 nelly if you wanna go and high with me smoke a l in the back of the benzy oh why must i feel this way   us hey 
 theres jus something about women and weed that go so perfect together 
 lol i really just wanna smoke right meow 
 lol i really just wanna smoke right meow
 i just wanna lay up and smoke a fatty j with ya
 mike  stephen  and cooley the only people that can get me out my bed at night to smoke 
 i wanna smoke tomorrow 
 if i wanna smoke some drugs in the privacy or my bedroom and then eat a bowl of ice cream  im going to. 
 if i smoke another blunt man i swear im gonna die 
 i just wanna smoke like what
 i been playing w booty cheeks amp eating grilled cheeses all day so imma just smoke this blunt amp smile
 just wanna smoke and ko but shadow dumbass running in circles 
 let me roll this weed.
 mom just got on my nerves. someone smoke me out this weekend.
 anyone wanna smoke with me
 ill hit the l but im not facing blunts no more.. so when i really smoke i can be blasted as fuck
 favorite this if you wanna smoke me up then ill dip on u
 i just wanna smoke some bomb ass hookah when i get off who got me
 bout to smoke a gold blunt at the white house fucks with me
 i wanna smoke so bad smh
 im gonna go blind from blunt smoke to the eye
 i wanna smoke a backwood
 i love that my aunts vacation home is right next door. i love to go in her hammock and smoke
 this is the time i need to go outside and smoke me a blunt
 my co worker just texted me .... if i leave rn my moms gonna get mad lmao buuuut i know shes hitting me up to smoke sooo
 lets smoke a blunt n talk bout our future kids
 probably gonna smoke soon
 thinking if i should do homework or read this book i got at the library or smoke then go to  sleep ....... decisions decisions
 to smoke a blunt or pass out 
 wish i had friends here  im tryna get some ice cream amp smoke a blunt lmao
 who wants to smoke weed and then lay in bed and tell me how fuckin cool i am
 me an ferms havent vibed together in a while. two hippies for sure lol. an were gonna smoke tough tonight
 perfect weather to smoke a bowl rn 
 i just wanna smoke lol but i cant rn 
 trying to smoke this wood and go to sleep but moms is literally asking me 4839295 questions rn 
 just gonna smoke and chill .
 anyone in laffy willing to sell me some weed  ily
 as soon as i get back to indio  my bffs amp i are getting tacos amp then were gonna skinny dip in my pool as we do handle pulls amp smoke a blunt
 time to watch some sc smoke a blunt and crash
 i just wanna chill drink smoke fuck 
 so any humans wanna hang and smoke
 liars  pepper smoked a fat blunt 
 i hate waking up and having to smoke to go back to sleep because i decided to fall asleep at 7 last night and im wide awake now. 
 i wanna just smoke sumn and listen to music
 with the g pen she can roll my weed  i got you chikibabys 
 i just need to go home  smoke a big bowl  and sleep 
 jst smoked a blunt with your girlfriend and cant wait to do it again
 couldnt wait to get home amp smoke a blunt 
 really wanna lay up and watch netflix and smoke some blunts rn
 if i dont smoke a blunt before i lay down. i cant sleep. dis nuts 
 after she nut we smoke a blunt thats just the interlude 
 told my dad i can get him some cannabis rub or drops and he looked at me and said how u gonna get it had to hit him wit the lady i know 
 told my mom i was gonna start smoking weed. she got mad. but im still gonna do it.
 its sad that i have to smoke a blunt rn to make me tired .
 ill smoke out whoever wakes me up @ 8
 im bout to wake her up to smoke 
 @chiantifreemann wait a minute roll up the weed
 @theecoolestdork i wanna smoke a bleeze rn. 
 i got kitkat in my bed and on me then i had brownie wrapper and my weed under my bed like wtf 
 bout to smoke a blunt and get to work
 to smoke some more or go too sleep
 she drink just like lahey but im ricky when i smoke the sack
 i wanna smoke 
 someone come get me so we can smoke and go to sleep
 i cant wait to smoke and go to sleep
 when you need weed after work but you get off at 5am and everybody sleep
 its my dads birthday today  i just wanna smoke him up.
 i had a dream that my dad wanted to get high but he didnt wanna smoke so he put weed in his drink hahahah
 but its all good jus smoke the rest of my blunt an chill out goodmorning 
 current weather in panama city smoke  66f 100 humidity  wind 14mph  pressure 1018mb
 get you a friend like mike who wakes you up at 8 am to smoke before he goes to court 
 @ayyeitsdesi im dead u n me still gotta smoke   when im off probation tho lol
 my girl hates when i smoke so i roll up and smoke
 and the blunttssssssss im gonna smokeee 
 last night i lit off the most anticlimactic smoke bomb and i didnt even wanna wake up this morning bc im so ashamed.
 just had a seizure at the super bowl...woke up in the 3rd quarter lookin for the smoke.
 wake up and smoke good 
 lil yachty all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli  me that weed that weed 
 lets smoke
 i need to smoke all the weed i can today ugh fuck wisdom teeth
 man im hungry....but i wanna smoke first
 smoke then eat then smoke again  
 fucked up my neck hella  plz come smoke a blunt w me ill dab u out 
 class ended at 7 and then i headed home for a shower and got ready for work. got to work 30 minutes early so i smoked some ganja in the car
 i wanna listen to this drake album all day but the ting is i got no weed to smoke
 just wanna smoke my problems away
 bouta go set the eno up in the woods and just smoke a wood and take a nap maybe
 i was gonna smoke but im so tired i really dont need to
 cant wait to ride down lake shore when its like 86 at night  sunroof open and weed in the air
 my spring break is tomorrow so excited. cant wait to catch up with friends  smoke some weed  binge watch shows  and sleep in
 she drink just like lahey but im ricky when i smoke a sack
 smoke a blunt in morning smoke a blunt after that
 all i ever want to do is lay in my bed   smoke   eat amp sleep all day .
 @cannabisbelgium cannabis families is our rally cry pot4parents is what we believe
 i wanna smoke amp hike in the woods today  whos down
 i should have smoked that blunt this morning 
 just wanna smoke a backwood and kick it 
 i have to go through security again just to go outside amp smoke 
 who wanna link wimmie today and work on music slash smoke weed slash get a first listen to some new ggs tracks slash help me hang flyers
 ...all she wanna do is smoke dat broccoli. 
 i wanna know what he smokes 
 fuck i wanna smoke so badly.
 i just wanna smoke a j
 i dont wanna smoke by myself 
 smoke amp eat eat amp smoke  smoke amp smoke  eat amp eat 
 lmao this bih said she smoke wit me she know she gon get too wild  we gon schedule that
 honestly cant wait to go home  blast my music  smoke a couple blunts amp just play with my makeup 
 exactly they wanna smoke every hour like na fam 
 i wanna smoke a blunt w @l1ldebbie sooo bad 
 high key cant wait to smoke all the kief i got
 when did everyone in scott county go from hey lets smoke a blunt or hey lets get drunk to yo lets do some xanax
 im hungry and wanna smokeee
 i just wanna chill drink smoke fuck
 gonna be in houston smoking the finest weed drinking strawberry lemonade and just living
 i cant wait to see ganja white night again 
 all i do in so flo is eat acai  smoke pot  and go to the beach a saga
 i need to go smoke today been a horrible day
 i remember the 70s  when we were all supposed to eat weeds. you wanna eat weeds  just plant some chard. 
 i wanna smoke what hes smoking 
 i just wana be able to not be depressed and not smoke weed
 this wind is interfering with my smoke break 
 @senwarren @senategop @fcc. haha the drums are beating and the smoke is rising cant stand the heat get out of the kitchen
 go to the drive ins and smoke a blunt with me tonight. you wont.
 feel like being in a diner having brunch w babe amp then go home amp smoke listen to music then nap then wake up smoke some more amp watch movies
 feel like being in a diner having brunch w babe amp then go home amp smoke listen to music then nap then wake up smoke a jay amp watch movies
 current weather in panama city smoke  81f 69 humidity  wind 7mph  pressure 1019mb
 school is number one to me  i may smoke weed and all but i get my school shit done before rolling a fat ass blunt 
 my counselor gave me all my classes online and i did them at home where i could wake up n smoke and eat n whatever the hell else
 im so ready to get home and smoke my hookah lol
 so im gonna weed today. it feels fly nice outside
 no i need to smoke this blunt and forget  
 i would never smoke the devils lettuce  now if you excuse me im gonna go inject herion into my brain
 i just wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke
 i smoke 2 joints before i smoke 2 joints and then i smoke 2 more
 these bitches dont want the  they wanna smoke out the dutches
 the only man u will ever see me chasing is the weedman..the rest of u mfers can just fuck off iagtfnbs
 lets smoke a blunt and talk about black psychology
 if you wanna smoke just dm me
 patiently waiting for that smoke a blunt while chilling on the beach weather
 bout go smoke
 kristin and i just almost got smoked by a cdta bus
 gonna smoke a blunt on the beach alone cuz i have no friends
 i cant wait to participate in cannabis activities when i get off this bus tomorrow
 if i smoke this blunt im gon forget bout you girl..
 i just wanna smoke
 wake up in the morning where the weed fuck da cereal
 me im gonna make this weed last a while  me smokes 3 backwoods in 2 hours
 i think ill smoke me a bleezy and lay out at my pool if anyone wants to join
 cant wait till we can smoke to this.
 just got home from werkkkkk lets smoke 
 all i wanna do today is smoke hella reffaaampforget about everyone else but you 
 yo cudi is gonna snap on drake after that diss on free smoke
 todays probably gonna be the last day i smoke for a while ..
 wanna smoke a splee w a grey brim on 
 @dashgetem cannot relate at all  lol  i just get carded for licks and smokes
 smoke  eat  smoke.  in that order. 
 i wanna smoke a backwood at the beach 
 this weather makes me wanna chill at the lake and smoke
 anybody wanna smoke  with me today before i go to work
 @alexismcguffin yes so i can leave everyday to smoke a blunt
 @wypdogs oh snap that dog gonna find me weed
 just rolled and smoked a blunt.. but technically half a blunt because the wind kept blowing it out
 anybody wanna smoke a joint then go get a snowball
 we are open today until 630 this evening. get your medical cannabis recommendation  card here in beautiful malibu
 im just tryin to smoke wd out of my window and these neighborhood kids wanna play out in the street outrageously inconsiderate
 @alexismcguffin just smoke a blunt with me
 i just wanna smokeeeee
 niggas talk more than bitches these days  who can get the pussy quicker these days. still straight with the weed and the liquor these days
 coming to colorado gonna be hella weed mentions. cooking with it what can i donate to eat at an event 
 amp smoke  eat amp watch basketball. 
 soo does anyone wanna smoke
 i love getting off work and being able to smoke a bowl on da beach
 cant wait to get off  smoke a blunt  eat some white castles  and watch greenleaf 
 dont ever hit me up to match or smoke if youre gonna roll up a loose skimpy blunt 
 i jus wanna smoke sum weeeeeee
 dallasgreen great manager  horrible strain of marijuana...
 all we wanna do is smoke n fuck sum hoes
 i wanna smoke a blunt and watch movies while eating chicken tenders
 i wanna smoke
 you wanna smoke  but you wanna smoke my drugs
 this bitch wanna smoke all my weed....
 who wanna smoke 
 someone wanna hangout and smoke or something tonight
 that shower was  ate was trying to get high before i go to sleep but the weed man playing 
 now i wanna smoke 
 does anybody wanna come over to smoke some woods and help me paint my room
 i need to smoke a blunt and go back to sleep 
 anyone wanna smoke or
 finna smoke this blunt then go work out
 debating if i wanna smoke now or after i eat
 who wants to smoke this blunt with me
 but im not imma just go to sleep  fuck it .. i refuse to smoke
 go buy the original ghost in the shell on bluray for 8 bucks. watch it at home with some weed and a drink. skip the theatre on this shit.
 bout to go smoke with my nigga trill its been a while 
 whoooooo wanna smoke a blunt and cruise
 lets go eat and smoke some good dope 
 lets smoke
 if weed is a sin  im gonna have to repent a lot to get to heaven.
 all i wanna is make beautiful music and smoke good weed.  x2017 @ peckerheads 
 @twaniewidat boutta go to the east amp get littt. i cant smoke at the moment 
 its so sad bein at my parents and wantin to go home so i can smoke a blunt  im so disappointed in myself
 i just wanna smoke n go to bed
 ugh i jus wanna smoke a blunt and eat food. k
 im gonna go in my car and play bastard amp smoke my brains out
 cant wait to smoke a blunt after work 
 for me just replace weed with the beach  
 i lowkey wanna smoke 
 fuck that you know im gonna rock that smokey eye till i die...  
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and eat oranges
 who wanna bool n smoke
 jamal look like he ready to snort  ingest or smoke anything dealing with them empire
 i dont want my girl on social media talking bout how she just wanna  smoke and fuck all the time
 amp i know your baby mama fond of me  all she wanna do is smoke broccoli 
 gonna smoke by my lonely amp listen to dolph 
 trying to smoke a joint in the wind is not the business.
 1. weed 2 . eat 3. weed 4. sex on fire 5.sleep 6. repeat moon girl 
 i just wanna chill drink smoke fuck
 who wants to smoke a blunt 
 bouta go home prepare for bed    smoke a l with my sister and catch up on empire 
 wanna smoke but not alone
 i am so tired dont ask me to kick it please. im just ready to smoke amp ko
 wanna smoke but itd probably just be a waste of weed to smoke just one blunt
 anyone wanna smoke
 half of me is like go home and sleep the other half is like girl go buy you some weed 
 i lowkey wanna hit the hay early but kermitteddy on some bitch go smoke
 let me know who say they gonna smoke crack so i could cop some and get that 10 mill off they hands  
 @siddakid28 fuck around and get smoked nigga
 i wake up go hard af at work  come home  shower  smoke  watch an episode or two of martin till i crash. wake up and do it all again. damn
 back at it sensible talks about regulating cannabis here in l.a. am i dreaming is this real 
 i just wanna smoke and go to sleep.
 wtf lmao fr just get the weed most likely the edibles aint gonna donshit for you anyway 
 hurry up n go to sleep so i can smoke weed on the balcony contemplate my righteousness
 lets smoke
 my boyfriend doesnt smoke or drink what the fuck is he doing with you then 
 hate having nothing to smoke when i come home from work 
 i dont wanna smoke  but i wanna smoke. 
 im gonna smoke weedin a ba rbathroom tonight  its my new fave hobby when going out
 wanna smoke a blunt and talk about life type of mood.
 wanna drink a lil   wanna smoke a lil
 watch the world go up in smoke
 i wanna go smoke at the jettys
 guess whos planning a smoke bomb photoshoot  2 models  hmua and a stylist on set. i just cant wait  so many fun 
 when are people gonna realize that you cannot drink or smoke reality away
 i need a friend who wants to smoke and cuddle and listen to daughter with me lol
 i remember i was mad at him so he asked me did i wanna smoke of course i said yea and then he came back home with me
 @nba @nuggets @cavs mvp smoked this team back to back. cant relate. the real king james down in houston.
 dont smoke but its been a lot going on need a blunt or two 
 like dont nobody wanna get poked ina eye bye some bush weeds while pleasuring you 
 why do you guys wanna go to colorado to get high those fools dont know how to grow weed. growing is an art form in california.
 if i smoke this blunt boy im gonna forget you 
 @toriemingus hey do u wanna smoke a cig w me before this nyquil knocks me out
 im so happy my new neighbors know how much i love the smell of weed and im forced to come home to it everyday.
 im gonna hide my bfs weed  he gone beat my ass 
 fridays just gonna be one of those days i break my promise to myself and smoke a blunt
 anybody wanna smoke wimmie
 i just wanna smoke her out. tell her how beautiful i think she is. treat her like a queen. fuck her like a slut and give her knowledge
 i always tell myself that im not gonna smoke hookah again  but when it comes down to it  i always end up smoking it amp get the worst headache
 fuck it ima get drunk.... i dont wanna think about shit... weed is lost asf smmfh
 alright done with the ranting.  ima go smoke a blunt n watch dave chappelle
 do you want to buy weed jesus. how many times are we gonna do this 
 exactly. this wanna be thug  free smoke  final form cell  drake is trash af 
 why my mother in law always bringing me ash trays amp food from vietnam .. talking about all you do is smoke amp eat 
 fuck with me and get smoked or fuck with me and smoke too. 
 fuck with me and get smoked. or fuck with me and smoke too. 
 does anybody wanna smoke and cry with me rn
 i wanna smoke a jeffery
 she wanna smoke all my drugs
 @camcamry927 always lol gotta have a bowl after i smoke and when i wake up 
 i just wanna lay up. smoke a blunt. and be babied tbh. 
 leyland is gonna smoke a well deserved  carton tonight.
 wake up  shower  eat  school  eat  practice  smoke  eat  shower  sleep  repeat
 bday plans this weekend eat great food  smoke pack  sleep in amp get v drunk
 i just wnna lay in bed and smoke this blunt with u 
 ima go take a titty pic and smoke a cig yall have me pressed
 skys lucky he woke up  i was gonna smoke wo him
 kinda wanna smoke but not alone
 im just tryna smoke a blunt and get some ihop or jims in the morning 
 i like to roll a blunt soon as i wake up and save that mf for lunch. that be the besss smoke.
 gonna smoke  
 i wanna smoke a damn wood 
 why the fuck cant you smoke weed with an iphone yet
 smoke my weed then bed 
 im soo fuckin stressed and no i cant go smoke a blunt im on fuckin papers 
 sad amp angry all at once  dont even know if i wanna smoke rn
 bout to eat some pizza rolls. then smoke this blunt
 whos up and wants to smoke a blunt on me 
 i just want to smoke a blunt while listening to sade and erykah badu
 i wanna smoke but im patiently waiting for my seesta 
 someone lmk how abby just slept theought the smoke alarm bc i wanna be in a sleep that good
 when i get back home someone please have a dance party with me drink lots of wine  smoke  let loose and dance our hearts outs
 just wanna smoke amp chill
 i just wanna drank my drank  amp she just wanna smoke good weed.
 i just do what i want. eat cheesecake at noon and smoke weed till i di.
 i just do what i want. eat cheesecake at noon and smoke weed till i die.
 who up amp wanna smoke
 ready to shower  smoke a bowl  and then sleep
 just want to smoke a nice blunt with a decent view rn
 i cant sleep if i dont smoke before bed
 i cant wait to smoke a blunt after work
 i just wanna get bands and smokeeee dopeee
 i wanna smoke
 sooo sad i cant smoke anymore honestly.
 bout to smoke and chiil in the hammock while it rains 
 bout to smoke and chill in the hammock while it rains 
 everytime i smoke i get horny  im just gone stop 
 i want cuddles and more weed
 and if you continuously ask me to smoke some its gone make me not wanna smoke wit you dont sweat me about it tf.
 im gonna go smoke a bowl. fuck this shit. my heart rate is too damn high for this time of night.
 when all you tryna do is smoke a bowl to go to sleep but your litter just stopped working.... smfh
 bitch.. this time eat my ass from the back ill smoke whatever i wanna smoke i dont want any lip off u 
 since my boyfriend has gone to bed i have finished 2 movies taken a bath smoked a joint read some manga and tweeted some hogwash
 im literally going through it  but im a smoke this blunt amp let go
 lowkey just wanna smoke a blunt and knock out w my nigga m
 lowkey just wanna smoke a blunt and knock out w my nigga
 ima smoke a fatty when i get home.
 im on that wake up real early n smoke my ass back to bed wave
 but i cant smoke a blunt in the car that i pay for  
 idk what im gonna go if weed isnt legalized by the time i get married cause we all gonna be smokin blunts @ the reception
 i wanna smoke
 bout to smoke weed and listen to led zeppelin all day. come thru
 need a lil shorty who gon ride out   roll my weed and fuck me stupid. ill listen about her day after. 
 free smoke by drake goes fucking off
 i cant wait to smoke a blunt on my patio 
 gern take this test  smoke joint and k.o
 when you not sure what bud to smoke on the wake up so you grab a nug of all 3  sour 
 all you broke mfs wanna do is wake up and smoke skimpy blunts 
 who the fuck has some weed
 roll it up light it up  smoke it up till your high
 i wanna be yo n i g g a so we can smoke weed and get high all day  u need a thug in yo life 
 i wanna smoke a blunt w nick and tell him he sounds like the radric davis
 i wanna smoke to teenage fever
 i just sit back and roll this weed
 i just wanna smoke but i feel like one cough will make me puke
 gunna just wait for my roommate to get up so we can smoke a blunt
 smokin papers makes me wanna read books and be productive. blunts make me wanna smoke another blunt.
 you wanna smoke a joint  ya if its menthol
 i think i wanna have a smoke session at my house on 420
 we in college tryna get degrees and shorties fuckin for free weed  lmao
 the well the smell of smoke stays on me after i leave work is completely disgusting i cant wait til im off 
 a persons life must be really good to waste weed like this fuck a design i just wanna smoke 
 the way the smell of smoke stays on me after i leave work is completely gross. im ready for my days off of fresh hair amp clothes.
 got a fat ass wood to smoke when i get off work
 current weather in tamiami smoke  80f 54 humidity  wind 19mph  pressure 1023mb
 current weather in kendale lakes smoke  80f 54 humidity  wind 19mph  pressure 1023mb
 current weather in kendall smoke  80f 54 humidity  wind 19mph  pressure 1023mb
 current weather in the hammocks smoke  81f 51 humidity  wind 10mph  pressure 1022mb
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i say girl thats all that we do
 who wanna smoke 
 i cant wait to get off work n smoke this blunt
 im so 5050 on how my day is gonna go haha i can either gym amp hike or smoke and get paperwork together haha
 gonna smoke a blunt and cook a bomb ass meal after work and before my shoot tonight and i cant wait
 gurbs out here fuckin for weed  yall sad. 
 the weed bowl 
 woke up hungover and in a really pissy mood  but then i smoked a bowl and the world was alright again 
 cant wait to smoke weed for the first time today
 me anyone wanna hangout  someone lets smoke  me all of a sudden not a stoner anymore
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli
 why yall just cant roll a blunt n smoke that hoe why yall gotta be extra n make crafts n shit
 all i wanna do is smoke weed and eat ice cream
 after work im just gonna smoke a blunt and watch the sweet 16
 sleep  food  and weed is my remedy
 maaaan i aint ever wanna smoke this damn bad. 
 i know taylor loves me bc he leaves the rest of the weed for me
 i think im gonna leave campus and go to a park n smoke some weed
 girls make me wanna smoke cigarettes all day.
 im just tryna smoke a blunt with my boo
 i wanna smoke amp get something refreshing 
 i will pay someone in cle to go smoke a fat blunt with mama tg
 i just wanna smoke and think 
 my dad looked at me and said its time to go to work and got up and went to go smoke a blunt 
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 i really just want to go home and smoke
 who wanna smoke when i get off 
 need 2 smoke but ima just take a nap next to my son
 gotta lotta women thats really down for me  i need a bad one thats gonna roll my weed
 im always gonna smoke if you got a problem with that you aint the one for me
 @bobby when you balling again pull up and smoke me out lol
 relationships are fucking wack  they make me wanna smoke crack  and girlfriend or boyfriend  can suck my dick
 in order to get over a situation  just smoke a blunt 
 what if instead of smoke rising smoke fell....
 cant wait to smoke ugh
 i eat then smoke  eat after i smoke and i eat while im smoking 
 i eat then smoke  eat after i smoke and i eat while im smoking 
 its biology not bigotry yeah im gonna need some more weed right abt now
 thunderstorm gt smoke temperature up 80f gt 82f humidity up 54 gt 65 wind 19mph gt 15mph
 @mikeheika @sportsdaydfw we are gonna get smoked
 back the fuck up... take a shot  smoke some weed
 girl i know you wanna... smoke dat marijuana
 cant wait to get off amp smoke 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt with @superduperkyle and @chancetherapper and listen to their words of wisdom.
 @jasonwiltshire @eraserewind1 @astridnv hey  you choose to smoke  drink or take drugs you destroy your life.  you choose trump...........
 anyone wanna smoke im bored amp mobile
 emergency lobbying sesh  sb184  marijuana membership clubs will be heard tomorrow morning @norml headed to all members of the house now
 still ready to go smoke tho 
 i just wanna go home and smoke and cuddle up and watch a movie and go to sleep
 fuck i wanna smoke some weed so damn weed so bad 
 finna smoke this blunt and then this after school nap gon hit
 just wanna smoke 
 just finished lunch.... gonna smoke my medicine  
 broken clouds gt smoke temperature down 69f gt 68f humidity up 49 gt 52
 i wanna smoke hookah whos down 
 not really feeling the idea of work tonight. id much rather work on the truck and smoke out.
 when she getting on your nerves smoke a blunt and forget that goofy shit
 the smoke from this fire was so heavy it blocked out the sun for a part of the city of marion 
 who wanna smoke w. me 
 @madflavor i wanna smoke you out. you fascinate me.
 i smoked 3 fire ass blunts w yb amp this nigga got the nerve to get mad at me cuz ion wanna smoke another one
 how the fuck do ppl just chill and smoke all day
 looking for a job is boring i wanna smoke
 lets go get some cigarettes and chain smoke them
 so beautiful outside to not smoke a blunt in this weather
 she just wanna smoke and fuck and im like girl that is all that we do.
 i wanna smoke
 let me smoke a blunt lmao people are real life brazy.
 just lay back  smoke a blunt  rub my back ... let me vent to u
 when you really wanna smoke but have no weed and dont know anyone in santa monica who would 
 i wanna smoke but have no one to smoke with...
 light rain gt smoke temperature down 76f gt 75f humidity up 69 gt 78 wind 17mph gt 19mph
 all we do is smoke and fuck
 sober livin... been type dropped the liquor n shit but weed too now. fucc it better for me  bout to enjoy this last blunt
 i smoke that pressure
 who wanna smoke some meth
 youre not addicted yet you smoke from the moment you wake up to when you go to bed everday life isnt perfect but dont hide from yourself.
 420 go smoke 
 when youre going thru some shit atm and then you take a breather bc you realize you got weed in your purse and everythings gonna be okay
 i swear i just be so tired when im around him dont do nothing but smoke eat  and sleep
 current weather in miami smoke  74f 69 humidity  wind 14mph  pressure 1022mb
 current weather in north miami smoke  74f 69 humidity  wind 14mph  pressure 1022mb
 current weather in golden glades smoke  74f 69 humidity  wind 14mph  pressure 1023mb
 current weather in miramar smoke  74f 73 humidity  wind 17mph  pressure 1023mb
 current weather in miramar smoke  74f 73 humidity  wind 17mph  pressure 1023mb
 current weather in margate smoke  74f 64 humidity  wind 22mph  pressure 1022mb
 current weather in coral gables smoke  74f 69 humidity  wind 14mph  pressure 1022mb
 anybody wan smoke a blunt with me
 current weather in hollywood smoke  74f 73 humidity  wind 16mph  pressure 1022mb
 current weather in the hammocks smoke  74f 64 humidity  wind 19mph  pressure 1022mb
 current weather in plantation smoke  74f 64 humidity  wind 22mph  pressure 1022mb
 current weather in hialeah smoke  74f 69 humidity  wind 14mph  pressure 1022mb
 current weather in tamiami smoke  74f 69 humidity  wind 14mph  pressure 1022mb
 current weather in kendall smoke  74f 64 humidity  wind 19mph  pressure 1022mb
 current weather in country club smoke  74f 69 humidity  wind 14mph  pressure 1023mb
 current weather in kendale lakes smoke  74f 64 humidity  wind 19mph  pressure 1022mb
 im just trynna smoke a blunt amp go swimming
 i want someone with the same business goals as me  but they still wanna come home smoke bowls amp watch sponge bob
 current weather in columbus smoke  66f 59 humidity  wind 10mph  pressure 1028mb
 im from philly where a mf a smoke all yo weed up amp go home an face a blunt 
 i wanna smoke marijuana.
 im just ready to go home  shower and smoke
 weather now smoke  73f  16 mph eastnortheast wind. 
 so i discovered some fellow stoners @ work today. smoke sesh @ 730 lmao
 i wanna smoke with oomf 
 hey if someone buys me bww tonight ill smoke you a bowl  and tell you a story or two.
 my 2 little pups smokey amp bandit...mid day nap lol 
 i cant wait till im retired so i can smoke pot  my dad
 if me and my boo cant smoke a blunt together and chill i aint want him
 i wanna smoke badly in running through the hall like the old nigga in get out.
 psa if youre only gonna hmu to smoke or ask a favor.. just dont pls
 holla fuck the world wit my chest full of smoke
 anyone wanna come over and smoke ourselves stupid and watch cartoons after my shift
 gonna smoke and munch on some takis with @l1ldebbie one day.
 yo i legit might need a ride home today lol i work in the palm desert mall i get off at 8 and i have weed lol
 michigan loses to oregon momalright well im gonna go smoke a cigarette
 eat and smoke weed
 today was a long ass day. i wanna rest but i gotta find the ganja first.
 just rewired thermostat  girls  if yall smell smoke  go out through the garage. grab my golf clubs  and run. @totalgolfmove
 i like to smoke two cigarettes back to back after smoking a blunt.
 so tired and bored i cant wait to smoke and go to bed
 i wanna have a smoke out
 i wanna smoke but im not even a smoker .. is that weird  
 cant wait to finish this project so i can go smoke a blunt
 @khessner miss you too   lets hangout and smoke hookah soon 
 i just wanna cool out smoke some loud
 all i wanna do is sit back  smoke sacks  bump my new shit.
 i do not wanna smoke blunts with them
 @kevdav1390 lol no ppl need to hold on to the past. for some its all they got. i just wanna kick it with that prof and smoke weed with her
 i wanna smoke and have my boo lay on my titties and talk about aliens and shit
 na got smoked  yall. hwc hearthstone 
 finally home and ready to smoke 
 i just wanna smoke 
 now about to go home amp smoke a blunt
 i want to take a week long vacation to the islands with my bae  and just chill  smoke  drink  and fuck on the beach.
 take it how u wanna u can get smoked   lotta niggas joke bitches really go 
 i wanna smoke 
 idc im spending a million on my weeding  idk how ill get that kind of money but its gonna happen
 lets kick it. smoke a blunt or something less get it
 jus gonna shower and smoke for the rest of the night
 im gonna learn to make cannabis caesar salad 
 just wanna smoke 
 not gonna lie i hate when people smoke at concerts like   you can enjoy the show without drugs but you do you boo boo
 just wanna smoke amp lay up
 i just really wanna get drunk and smoke a few blunts  do something reckless af
 sooooooo sleepy. about to smoke amp go to bed
 i wanna smoke a back wood
 i just wanna smoke while i get some head
 who wanna smoke some reefer
 wanna smoke some doja amp pass out tbh
 she wanna smoke i wanna sell
 i just woke up someone come smoke a blunt with me
 just wanna smoke a blunt and watch adventure time 
 i wanna go on a vacation with bae amp get a room with a balcony so he can hit it from the back while we smoke a blunt amp watch the sun rise. 
 woke up at 11 from a nap  smoked and immediately played more life
 you ever just look at all your weed and say fuck it  im just gonna smoke all of this 
 im just tryna smoke this joint
 just wanna smoke and sleep
 so ready to smoke that blunt with babe and pass the fuck out
 i wanted to go to bed early but i literally cant stop watching weeds
 gonna smoke  watch out 
 i rlly jus watch movies  listen to music  n smoke myself 2 sleep @ night.
 i wanna smoke but not by myself 
 i wanna smoke but i hate smoking alone
 i wanna smoke bruh 
 my weed seedless  my trees leafless.  
 @thechancellor29 whats weed
 @thechancellor29 whats weed
 someone come listen to my playlists and smoke this blunt with me
 i smoke 2 joints in the morning i smoke 2 joints at night  i smoke 2 joints in the afternoon it makes me feel alright 
 who tryna smoke some blunts and go watch it the new power rangers
 dont know whats go happen after i smoke these blunts but im bouta be high af tonight
 cleaned my hookah and put it away now i wanna smoke it again tho
 all i do is smoke work and order makeup so dont tryn ruin my happiness bc it wont work 
 i wanna have a night where we park at the beach smoke a blunt and listen to oldies while we watch the waves
 yall ever smoke some gas  go to sleep for 5 hours  wake up and still be high
 its really sad how i have to smoke before i go to sleep
 no matter how late it is  i have to take a shower and smoke before bed
   im just gonna leave this here. click on it and listen to @packyraps    speakers may begin to smokeburn.
 @caelyngalo i havent yet wanna chill  drink and smoke with me
 guess ill just smoke amp go to sleep early 
 soon as this bby go to sleep ima smoke shower than cuddle under her
 best part of my spring break is when i was tryna smoke a blunt and we got pulled over and so my drunk ass decided i was gonna eat the blunt
 bout to smoke this blunt 
 they only wanna smoke my weed .
 tfw 422pm weed nap gets outta hand 
 im tryna smoke a blunt
 i wanna drink that shot of whiskey i wanna smoke that cigarette you know some cowboys like me go out like that
 you know those guys that think theyre cool as fuck online cuz they rt pretty girls selfies and talk about sex n weed...whos gonna tell em
 im gonna have me a nice smoke after tonight this is rough
 @blakeshelton @gwenstefani @aliciakeys  gwen is freaken smoken. how did you land her ol wise one
 im bouta smoke and go to sleep
 i just wanna smoke a blunt while watching movies 
 finna roll up n smoke since i aint sleep
 why didnt anyone wanna sell me weed today wtf
 @ivyvillegas dude fuck yea im gonna smoke a bkunt and cry and sing all at the same time 
 gonna be a long night with no weed
 now my lungs are fucked from inhaling so much smoke and my muscles hurt bc of the adrenaline rush. and i work at 8am tomorrow rip
 i havent smoked in years but now i wanna eat everything amp i have cookies too 
 @sisihere girl no. they talmbout lets smoke tomorrow night  now im bored amp sober
 this weed so dense  this lil ass nug is a fat ass blunt
 if we ever smoke and you roll a loose ass blunt im leaving lmao
 holy smokes i am obsessed w @treysongz new album. go listen to it right.this.second. youre welcome.
 pop this other half smoke this blunt back to sleep
 cant wait to get home and smoke myself more dumb than i already am
 i wanna smoke sooo baaaad b
 nobodies gonna be home today sooo fuck it ima smoke in the crib
 i fuck wit smokers n all but im so tired of seeing this chick on my tl 
 gonna be able to smoke my blunts peacefully in my backyard without dealing or seeing peoples stank ass faces
 hes gonna have to smoke me out before i graduate. has to.
 sex gets me high so i smoke a bowl after and get real toasty
 anybody up right now wanna smoke a zip and just vibe out to more life 
 bruh  come home and smoked. imma sleep well
 made that money  came home to a clean ass apartment. now what smoke a personal and do it again tomorrow. guess i cant complain.
 she just wanna smoke n fuck  i said girl thats all that we do
 ready to get off and smoke this l
 i think i wanna smoke a wood today 
 i just wanna smoke someone slide through with some shells
 woke up now i cant sleep  think im gonna go eat some pickles and smoke a j  go back to bed
 just cant wait for my bf amp i to get home amp just smoke.
 let me go smoke so i can get dress
 current weather in columbus smoke  58f 72 humidity  wind 7mph  pressure 1029mb
 leave it up to me to be in the middle of a serious conversation and just stop to ask everyone if they wanna smoke 
 forced me to smoke 
 ik its early but who wanna smoke
 anyone try hemp vape before its a nonnicotine  plant based hookah experience. thoughts
 i live my life smoke this weed an do what the fuck i wanna
 wanna smoke but i really dont want to fuck with my throat at all rn
 lemme smoke this blunt amp take a quick nap
 just tryna get these contracts done  smoke some good tree  vibe to some music and eat good today
 imma have to smoke somethin before i go to this viewing tomorrow.. god knows i cant go sober
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you   i aint even playin doe 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt in a lambo with you. and then go somewhere average  looking a little better than average.
 i wanna smoke with @trinarockstarr
 i wanna smoketup with @stephanietjada again
 i wanna smoke with @trinarockstarr again
 i just wanna smoke honestly 
 someone smoke a blunt with me right now
 i wanna go to the beach  watch the sunset tonight amp smoke blunts 
 i just wanna eat and smoke.
 who wanna smoke 
 im the type to really sit back n smoke a blunt and start thinking bout everybody purpose in my life
 im already irritated . im finna go smoke this blunt before i kill somebody
 we can go to the park after dark  smoke that tumble weed 
 i just wanna smoke amp be up under my nigga this weekend
 hey can we get this weed thing on the roll my glycoma man lol
 im gonna call my mama today and smoke a blunt outside.
 yall noobs if u still tryn be on that fake ass woke high  im just tryn smoke 
 i just want to ride my longboard and smoke a blunt
 i wanna smoke but not alone 
 wanna smoke but im trying to save money 
 charged up. back to back. 30 for 30. free smoke. wu tang forever. gyalchester. lol yall really think drake cant rap though
 tomorrow i need to just getaway. smoke  cry amp try to relax
 we support sb184  marijuana membership clubs  join the realityclub   @denvernorml norml
 definitely smoke by the lakefront weather. 
 idk what to call myself these days. i hate texting  i quit drinking  i dont smoke  im celibate and i always wanna be left alone..
 when they gonna fuckin legalize weed bro
 i wanna smoke
 if anyone wants to come over and smoke this blunt w me
 bout to roll up and smoke
 i wish i can get a girlfriend whi likes to smoke eat bad food and cuddle as much is me
 omg lets go smoke at the canals
 should i pull a double today or just work my am shift and come home and sleep and smoke the rest of the day
 im gonna go eat some weed over here. ill meet you under the dankest meme @jennypysh
 anyone wanna smoke 
 if i roll a oz joint  whos trying to throw down and smoke that bitch
 its very difficult to take a shit and smoke a blunt simultaneously lol
 anyone wanna smoke and eat and go to the movies later on me 
 i get to smoke it all and your gonna pay me fuck why you acting like this is hard 
 if i go down in flames the smoke gonna spell my name
 i wanna make music. wanna smoke. wanna drink. wanna fuck. wanna fight. wanna kill. wanna be silent. wanna think.
 just gonna go on a drive and smoke a couple 
 lmao   at the salon .. they wanted weed last night you wanna be sleep and shit 
 i just smoked a blunt wit your boyfriend 
 i wanna make music. wanna smoke. wanna drink. wanna fuck. want head. wanna fight. wanna kill. wanna be silent. wanna think. want peace.
 all i wanna do is smoke with ya... sit down  have dinner with the folks with ya
 just wanna smoke and sleep
 bout to smoke my first blunt in over a month tomorrow
 current weather in columbus smoke  71f 49 humidity  wind 15mph  pressure 1028mb
 all i wanna do today is go on a nature walk and smoke blunts
 i know that you cant walk across a bridge thats already burned  so. to breathe it in  but i dont wanna choke  on that secondhand smoke.
 when i run out of weed i get really sad 
 just smoke a bowl 
 its not the first time  she still thinks bush is still in office. no more weed for her  she is cut off. 420 usa
 cant wait to smoke some vagina weed when she lands @jewsica  ....im dead
 ....but smoke a blunt and chill 
 i cannot wait to go home and smoke a fat ass blunt
 haha damn just gonna chong dis blunt amp smoke dese dabs with me in my forest backyard. bye
 women weed n weather
 fuck around and get smoked
 people should not get harrased for smoking joints on the lakefront but people do so imma go home and smoke and tinker on the mac
 can we just smoke and lay outside and listen to lydia
 i just wanna smoke with some friends 
 just wanna travel and smoke in different places 
 all mfers wanna do is smoke ion want smoke all the time bitch
 @kidwicked i can smoke in my car cant relate lol
 thought id go outside  smoke a bowl  enjoy the day.... so i walk out onto my balcony  bowl packed  and the wind blows it all out of my bowl
 perfect weather to smoke a blunt 
 in in the biggest cry baby mood ever. i wanna get out of work smoke a blunt  eat amp be in my bed 
 bitch if i wanna smoke weed and do me thats what the fuck im gonna do
 i just wanna go home amp smoke a fat blunt
 tryna smoke before work
 who wanna smokeeeee
 whos tryna smoke a blunt 
 who wanna smoke n play monopoly . 
 bout to go home and smoke a fat ass blunt 
 again i have a sweet but no weed amp all i wanna do is smoke a b rn 
 lets smoke some tree at whips
 im just trying to go smoke a blunt by the lake
 i have smoke bombs to take cool photos but idk where to go 
 time bro smoke a blunt 
 i wish my best friend was here instead of tx. i just wanna rub her but and smoke her out 
 i wanna smoke amp eat some chinese food 
 park chanyeol smokes 247 lowkey sells weed likes to play with fire sleeps around a lot guys i burnt myself l 
 i think i wanna smoke
 getting ready to smoke a double joint 
 my days consist of weed  food  maaturbating  work  drunk  sleep.
 i wanna have a smoke session tonight  lmao i just really dont wanna be around anybody who gone annoy me
 lets smoke  eat tacos  watch netflix and get distracted.
 my first question to allison when she asks me to go somewhere w her is  are you gonna smoke bc theres nothing i hate more than that
 420 decided to get outta bed to smoke myself back to sleep despite my knowledge of the current time... imfourteen
 who wanna dab n smoke n smoke n dab n dab n smoke
 at work so what are you gonna do with all this new property youre insuring probably grow weed on it or something
 come home.. get naked.. smoke a blunt
 just want to go to cali just to smoke and eat for a whole week
 i love being home alone because i can smoke walk around in my undies and do as i pls cuz im aaaalllooooneeeeee
 i wanna blow smoke
 i just wanna smoke and eat 
 i wanna smoke but its raining
 ima get this damn wax at 730 amp go to walmart for the makings of a perfect bubble bath. then i will smoke myself to sleep dammit
 we still out here bumping the red balloon project. @skizzymars lets smoke a blunt
 someone take me to get my nails done and then cuddle in bed w me while we smoke and watch friday
 im getting sick but itd still be nice if someone came to smoke amp lay in bed w me 
 i wanna smoke tonight but i know i shouldnt
 let me smoke this blunt 
 wanna smoke but this job too important 
 anyone wanna smoke w me and jerms
 the weather is perfect for marijuana
 anybody wanna smoke 8ish
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do.
 some lets smoke a blunt
 who near the city that blow loud and just wanna smoke
 hell i dont take away others y bother i got fuckin  weed id know u better i can see right thru u fucken.  liiiiing  go away dont wanna lo
 honey jack to cure my sore throat. havent smoked a ciggie all day. im gonna die soon maybe
 all ive done today is lay in bed smoke and drink tea. 
 seriously cant wait to smoke this blunt yall
 my one wanna go try hooters smoked wings
 scr35 engross urging congress reassess federal definition of industrial hemp 
 when i die  smoke at my wake im tryna see who really got that loud
 i have this problem where i can take 3 or 4 decent sized dabs and im still not as high as when i smoke one bowl  like ok
 fuck all i need is to smoke a bowl 
 cant put smoke back in a cigarette ..
 imma just ride and smoke 
 wiz was smart to get his own strain of weed. he gonna be rich forever
 current weather in columbus smoke  75f 53 humidity  wind 6mph  pressure 1025mb
 today been rough its gon be nice to just go home smoke a few n chill 
 i wanna smoke
 you ask me  do you want to go smoke hookah. im gonna assume you think im pussy. so we gotta fight
 i just wanna smoke n chill tn
 should i smoke dis blunt on my lunch
 just gunna sit in my bed  smoke a couple face blunts  and chill the fuck out
 cant wait to go home and drink captain and smoke a fat l
 cant wait to go home and drink captain and smoke a fat l with my man
 bout to listen to linkin park and inject some marijuanas fun
 nbs i just be tryna lay up smoke a l and beat some shit 
 high key wanna smoke but dont got no friends
 missing rupauls premier gonna smoke myself
 rapper weed is something i never wanna smoke
 im to tired i dnt wanna smoke nomore
 i swallow a bunch of smoke  my bellys prolly full of resin 
 my smoke sack better than yours.
 ...should i go out or buy food ..and just chill and smoke at home
 i kinda just wanna chill and smoke a blunt
 gotta go to my other job for 3 hours. my boss gon try makin me take weed breaks like i dont wanna go home 
 was still tryna cut back on smoking daily but im gonna smoke fuck it 
 i need me a blunt but too bad i cant smoke
 shouts to the guy whom offered me to go outside and smoke with him while im at work. im good right now but ur an mvp
 dont wanna date a guy that is more insecure than a girl  and can smoke weed amp fuck with little girls. 
 wait a minute hol up its me  wait a minute roll up da weed
 every time i smoke w my coworkers i come home high as fuck and sleep forever 
 that smoke a blunt on the balcony looking at the bridge type weather 
 that smoke a blunt on the beach with a mimosa type music  
 smoke me two joints then take a nice hot ass shower and smoke a third joint...
 for the rest of their life for pot. its absolutely sad. its weed. get fuckin real. dont drive under the influence. dont do it around kids..
 just tryna get shit done  smoke  chill and hopefully lay up tonight
 if im in alice for a couple months i need more friends who wanna smoke. you feel
 im honestly jus tryna smoke  amp chill. oh yea i gotta eat sum too 
 when they say they on the way to smoke some n u high dab already but u cant say no 
 @ohmadelineee update its gonna be a good sunset and its friday and they deliver so im gonna smoke a ton of wd
 who wants to smoke a blunt
 im trynna smoke a blunt w you 
 i might just take a nap til tre nem get back to smoke
 my grandma just said she heard of this new weed thing called a blunt 
 i cant stand no female that smoke cigarettes  i dont wanna smell your cigarettyy ass breath...
 i dont wanna smoke no more straight edibles 
 i just want to go to the docks and smoke a blunt
 anyone wanna smoke 
 i wanna smoke 
 i juss wanna smoke till pass out rn.
 high key wanna smoke  low key dont wanna get that shit
 5 minutes into meeting my coworker him you smoke bud me yeah  him whips out pen u wanna hit this lol
 i just wanna sit around  smoke  and have a cypher with some homies.
 i only enjoy weed when im burning out otherwise im str8 trippin
 my other dad said he gon smoke a blunt and get drunk 
 of course you can smoke that blunt at my house
 as soon as i smoke im k.o
 just need someone whos down to come cuddle up w me in bed and smoke blunts till we pass out
 mann i wish i had friends i wanna smoke but im tired of burning by myself lmaoo
 wanna smoke
 if i dont smoke before bed i deadass cant sleep
 i wanna get up amp smoke but im sleepy
 you finna eat the weed or whats bouta happen 
 this party... man i just wanna smoke
 what a horrible friday night. who wants to smoke some weed
 gonna smoke this blunt then off on the road
 i just want to smoke and cuddle up with my boo tonight
 she goes wanna go to smokey bones my fav restaurant must fight temptation
 finna smoke a blunt and take my uggggglasss to sleep
 wanna smoke
 holy smokes  team usa
 shawty aint wanna chill so im just going to smoke my doobie
 if i dont smoke before i go to bed ill be up all night.
 lol cannabis   yass lets go 
 i just wanna smoke 
 im tryna smoke a blunt
 kinda wanna die...... kinda wanna smoke a blunt. whatever.
 so weed make you horny
 someone smoke this blunt with me 
 i gave a lotta weed dat i dont wanna shmoke alone
 i just wanna smoke then smoke and smoke again with some smoke on the side
 my next bae gotta kno how to roll 4 me times like this i wanna smoke but dont feel like rollin 
 i wanna smoke but the only thing its going to make me do is get up and i need to lay down.
 how about we just kick back and smoke this blunt...
 anyone wanna chill amp smoke lmao
 omg were about to smoke again imma die i already cant breathe
 i cant even eat i need to smoke before my breakfast
 i wanna smoke
 sec sec 3 of 8 holy smokes @bgracely @chrisshort
 just wanna smoke amp fuck   i said thats all that we do ..
 ion know  prob finna get off it tho. finna jus smoke amp chill 
 1. this is why we cant have nice shit. 2. however maybe thatll weed out weak and i can enjoy it in peace.  3. i c 
 do fucking not smoke a blunt and then watch slenderman
 mannnnn i wanna smoke 
 smoke eat smoke
 my weed at the hotel  i just wanna smoke
 finna smoke this good blackathon and go to sleep
 but see im the type to smoke a fat blunt   take a shot amp forget alllllllll about you . 
 who wanna smoke weed wit mu amp save him from depression 
 one 1 in the morning and i just wanna smoke this blunt 
 i love listening to kali uchis and syd from the internet when i smoke.
 nickatina taught me how to smoke
 1 in the morning amp i just wanna smoke this blunt
 listening to deer walk around the backyard while i smoke is tweakin me out 
 i wanna smoke oomf out but she bullshitting
 im tryna smoke and eat
 i just wanna smoke...
 wanna smoke a blunt on the beach
 im bored amp i just wanna smoke
 cant wait to get home and sleep dawg not even gonna smoke
 i go maybe 240 and if shes a smoke show i go ah 210
 i hi key wanna smoke ......
 sucks that i cant go to sleep unless i smoke one before 
 lol i am pretty damn buzzed and im on my home lol definitely gonna need to smoke some three man
 im getting a headache and all i wanna do is bang music and smoke
 anybody ive never really kicked it with wanna smoke
 just gonna roll a bleezy then smoke and jam to tbell fuck all you simple minded motherfuckers.
 all i did 2 day was sleep n i wish i had bars or weed rn wow
 gone go head amp smoke amp watch a movie  then im go be slumped.
 im trynna smoke but i dont wanna roll up
 i just wanna smoke a blunt
 when you smoke then take a nap is like the best sleep you can get 
 thatmomentwhen you are about to smoke a mango vanilla lavender bowl and take it to sleep 
 im gon become the plug fuck it. hmu if you need weed
 anyone wanna smoke
 my dad told me amp kasi our bed time is 12 so weve literally been waiting in my room for him to go to sleep so we can go outside amp smoke
 why tryna smoke this blunt
 about to smoke an go my ass go sleep .
 i wanna smoke but all i got is a grape swisha 
 just wanna smoke my life away
 getting ready to start the smoker  yummy uncle tom cookin in the backyard at the finest
 i just want to roll some weed and go camping  but i cant 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt
 all work and no weed makes a gemini a sad girl
 i smoke hookah like a blunt lmaooo
 i just want to smoke this blunt and go to sleep
 i havent smoked a in 2 days. does it count if i smoked a blunt tho ija lesserortha2evils
 i woke up wanting money  weed  and my boyfriend
 @treysongz if u pick me i wanna smoke with u too please my nerves las vegas nv tremainethealbum is the shit 
 so lets smoke a blunt and drive threw the night and tell me about it all 
 current weather in columbus smoke  58f 93 humidity  wind 3mph  pressure 1024mb
 about to smoke this blunt and calm my nerves
 fuck wit me and get smoked or fuck with me and smoke too
 roll some weed and fuck this hennessy uup
 goodmorning time to smoke a blunt 
 such a nice day to skate and smoke some joints at cape
 dont smoke cigs ur gonna die 
 and tomorrow it could all go up in smoke for no reason and no warning. life of a content creator. @youtube doesnt 
 i got smoke good weed at home 
 i got some good weed at home 
 i dont wanna eat this weed gummy and be stuck in the hospital all day around sadness
 i wanna smoke some and go hiking
 tradein your ibuprofen for cannabis why go pharmaceutical  when you can go all natural  
 i just want to cuddle up and smoke and drink my arizona all day
 idgaf imma smoke dope if i really really wanna
 wake up  smoke a bowl and watch one punch man before the day starts
 anyone wanna go hiking and smokedrink w me and the pup
 i just wanna smoke
 anyways............. im sad rn n later on im gonna get weed sooooo thatll bring up my mood a lil
 all outta weed. just wanna get high walk around the park amp enjoy the fresh airweather .
 all i really wanna do is smoke a blunt with my dad and talk about our lifes and ambitions. @miguelinspace i miss 
 all i really wanna do is smoke a blunt with my dad and talk about our life and ambitions. @miguelinspace i miss y 
 niggas always claiming they got weed but never wanna answer the phone or text back
 if you the homie amp you aint got no weed ill roll up but if u not the homie im holding out on the blunt until you leave fr lol
 this is the perfect weather to lay up smoke amp be nasty
 ultra is the chode of all festivals. ultra is the omg 30 a g. can i buy some weed of festivals 
 after you smoke good and your food is ready 
 we matched w my hg dad amp he seen da blunt we rolledamptook his blunt out da rotation like yall gon headampsmoke  yall got 2 much weed in blunt
 i got so many things running through my mind just wanna drink and smoke wanna float unwind
 i aint worried about a bitch who smokes her life away and waits for a man to make time for her 
 days like this where i just wanna drive somewhere far out   park up by a lake and just smoke and discuss life
 really just tryna lay in bed amp smoke a dutch amp watch some netflix rn
 i wanna go to the park  take my shirt off  and smoke one with the sun kissing my skin
 yeah when i see someone roll a blunt im gonna smoke tf out of  
 just need a goth girl that i can smoke and cuddle with but also do some boolin shiett with
 wanna smoke blunts on a yacht
 grab a box of yellow baggies and a swisher before i go  i cant even eat i needa smoke before my breakfast..
 with pussy around me and when i need a break i wanna walk my husky and smoke a blunt for the main reasons why its fuck a stage. lonelyboy
 someone smoke and go get coffee and a bagel with me 
 i just wanna barbecue and smoke blunts today
 i wanna smoke but not by myself. 
 who wanna smoke this pregnancy test
 i dont wanna go if i cant smoke there.
 why eat when you could just smoke weed
 lows wanna go and smoke 
 in need of a gf who wants to get in shape with me amp preferably wanna smoke at the same time hahaha hmu
 4 o clock just needs to hurry so i can go home  smoke n drink myself into my casket
 does anyone wanna walk my dog with me and smoke a bowl 
 my dad wanna smoke wit me sooo bad amp ion wanna hurt his feelings..
 just gonna pre roll this halfie  tired of being lazy amp wanting to smoke 
 any ladies wanna join me to smoke fat  tan and drink pool side
 wanna smoke again but got adult things to do today
 i leave for work 2 hours early to get coffee  smoke a bowl  and cruise until im a slave.
 todays my friday amp all i want is to go home amp smoke a blunt
 current weather in columbus smoke  76f 47 humidity  wind 9mph  pressure 1023mb
 everytime i listen to rick ross it makes me wanna smoke and lay back 
 my roomies just came home from el toro hammered and hope and janie are gonna smoke a blunt 
 my everyday schedule is   smoke amp then eat amp then go to sleep 
 just gonna smoke the rest of my oil and play doom and watch the office
 do you mind if we smoke this blunt outside  cause its nice out and we can get high. yeaaaa
 this  aint gon smoke itself....
 just wanna smoke a blunt and have some bomb ass shower sex rn 
 its okay though cause i get an hour break later and im gonna smoke and eat 
 do you mind if we smoke this blunt outside  cuz its nice out and we could get high 
 who tryna get smoked the fuck out
 so i really wanna smoke and vibe with new people  so if yall smoke and drama free hml for a sesh soon
 i wanna smoke but dont wanna roll up
 i wanna smoke and eat on my picnic  and just talk.
 fina go home play the game n smoke
 just tryna smoke a bone and eat an entire pizza 
 who wanna smoke a blunt and go on a cruise
 i wanna go out to eat  take it back to the crib  smoke some trees and sip on wine all day long..
 havent smoked in 6 months but all the shit i go thru amp all the crying my ass finna go back to smokin cuss shit drainin tf outta me
 when i just wanna go eat and smoke hookah and my mom has a funeral to go too  blowing it
 in case you missed it  put up some new sounds for yall to fuck to  ride to  smoke to  argue to  etc. enjoy. 
 im bouta go smoke on that pressure fuck it son
 im the type to take shorty from her stress  roll up   and we gonna smoke on our way to get something to eat 
 yes  thats a gold two tone rolls royce. and yes  thats a half smoked cigar in the ash tray  
 you wanna scrape your colon of course you do heres what you do go to traderjoes   get you some hemp protein powder. ingest no jest.
 anyone care to join quentin and i for a stroll in uptown to get bearings and smoke
 females really out here thinking that dudes are gonna smoke them up lmao
 im a pre pharmacy major  get me some weed bro 
 ill smoke this blunt and eat by myself bc im a lose her
 my new manger really hella chill nigga bought me pizza and lemme go on as many smoke breaks as i wanted...on my first day 
 the day i dont come to work smacked   you smell like weed  .
 im just gonna smoke when i get home and deal w the bullshit later
 lets smoke a blunt 
 lets smoke a blunt 
 does anyone wanna kick it and smoke 
 i wanna go out  but i also wanna smoke all the weed in the world and sleep for the rest of forever
 im not doing anything til i leave next week so unless u wanna eat or smoke weed i dont wanna post up
 i wanna smoke
 free smoke  @ plaza resort amp spa daytona beach fl 
 i done smoked so much good dope dawg ion wanna go home
 jus had a seizure in the super bowl  woke up in the 3rd quarter lookin for the smoke
 any of my friends wanna smoke me up  i got a l but ima face it first and smoke yours instead with ya  hmu lmao
 wanna smoke some mariana
 my grandma was drugged out on weed  and she ko and woke up @ 1 
 looks like hes in the weeds  jim... gonna need a miracle from here... 
 if i go down in flame  the smokes gonna spell my name.
 its gonna rain tomorrow. still gonna smoke a brisket. cheflife bbq meat 
 what a good day off... slept in until 2  just masturbated for 30 minutes  and now im gonna smoke and get some coffeeeeeee
 i just wanna smoke n eat sumthin man
 who wanna smoke a bleez
 whos by me and wanna smoke at the beach 
 lets smoke then eat pizza 
 my man left the house talkn bout  when i come home from work its weed amp head for you babe  happy anniversary  so blessed
 just woke up from the nest weed nap ever
 just probably finns smoke ah blunt and just call it a day bro fuck it
 current mood with my new hemp vape 
 i cant wait to be home and jus smoke 
 i love how everyone went to the youth fest but gonna drink  smoke  amp fuck next weekend @azurrre preach
 i cant wait to get back and have a giant smoke session with my girls and get some eastside pies 
 did nothing but smoke  and cuddle today love him 
 got some new teas bought some more weedle gonna finish painting too life is good  p.s i also got employee of the month  keep kicking ass
 she jus wanna smoke my dope
 i just wanna smoke my  in peace. smfh.
 when you cant relate cause you smoke both...  
 cant wait to go home and smoke
 house to myself. im finna walk around the crib and smoke a blunt butt naked 
 nigga woke up from his nap tryna smoke
 dinner  hella smoke sesh  and cuddles. whos with me
 naw this was my generation forsure. i aint want no smoke with these type bitches. 
 im so sad smoke meowt
 hey eugene i know how it is to be lonesome. so  anyone 21 if u need a friend andor wanna smoke sesh  dm me no judgment no questions. 
 and if i smoke this blunt  girl ima forget you
 i just wanna get off and smoke this l
 @laaray7 @skillz if you wanna smoke some then it dont matter where im at
 home is where the weed is
 im about to smoke a fat bowl and chill the fuck out because im about ready to stab somebody
 i like morning sex the best. after we bust we smoke a blunt and go right back to sleep.
 i love having friends that wana smoke a blunt and go get some food 
 anybody wanna smoke 
 i cant jus sit up and smoke all day shit get borin to me
 now thats how you fucking do smoke. coyr rowdies 
 amp to top that off i wanna smoke but my throat is sore and the line at zaxbys is taking 5 ever
 i rly just wanna go home  see my honey n smoke 
 i wanna smoke a bowlllllll. maria needs to get the fuck over her pride she pretends to keep.
 kinda wanna go to the hookah bar even though ion really smoke it  so whos trying to go 
 this nigga think he about to come lay up under me but the gag is im about to smoke  eat and go catch this movie... 
 holy smokes @judgejeanine gives scathing diatribe about @speakerryan did not have your back  mr. president
 let me go smoke a fuckin sweet
 i just wanna smoke amp go do some lit shit tn but everyones wack
 i just wanna do my school shit amp lay up n smoke w my man but im hispanic amp my moms not wit the shits at all lmao
 i was gonna buy some weed but i only have 9 in cash 
 i just wanna go on a cute ass date amp smoke a blunt 
 when you wanna share a marijuana legalization post on facebook but also dont wanna tell your grandma youre a raging stoner 
 just had a seizure after the super bowl. woke up in my gucci boxers the next morning like where the smoke doe.
 all i wanna do is smoke rn 
 if i smoke this blunt guh im gon forget you 
 go to any er in a city and ask what they deal with as result of synthetic marijuana...its horrible 
 finally gonna get to smoke 
 really wanna just pick oomf up and drive around and smoke but i dont see that happening 
 im gonna kms because jordans cigarette smoke.
 i just realllyyy need my back rubbed and to smoke one but my roommate dont even wanna rub my back for me 
 eat  class  sleep  smoke  repeat. 
 this song  this weather  and some good ass weed.  
 i just wanna smoke a fat dutch
 i just want to smoke in the bed and lay up.
 this liquor and this weed startin to work together.
 gonna need a weed whacker and shit 
 just wanna smoke then too sleep
 just wanna smoke then sleep
 freakerdiaryentries ...got the weed  now who am i gonna hustle for the rent...
 ready to get this canes go home smoke then sing w justis
 just wanna smoke and lay up or something. my struggle is too real right now
 ima just smoke this blunt and slide to sleep
 im really bad at texting back on the fucking weekends bc weed
 @whoskid tryna smoke a bowl before your set
 what the fuck is wrong with you. dogs can get seizures amp die from marijuana you cunt. 
 @cerenayante im so sad  just wanna cry and then smoke 
 i just wanna drink some hennessy and smoke a blunt
 guess ill smoke this blunt and just chill
 i just wanna smoke then go to bed lol
 @avanconia @constancequeen8 its just a big shroud and smokescreen. these lefts just keep up the lies. gonna be pinocchio land soon
 i hate not living in a dorm bc i cant smoke in the shower as long ... bill be bout high as fuck
 i was sad but then i smoked this blunt.
 anyone wanna smoke
 @whoskid tryna smoke this bowl
 gonna go home a smoke a doobie my grandma
 no more weed   so a nice cute shower amp my bed sounds like a bomb plan
 friend im bout to pull up with some smoke  me after being all sad and depressed the whole day.... 
 when u wanna smoke but not by urself and keyla still at work so like ok
 i need to stop getting so scary high its makes me not wanna smoke sometimes 
 i just wanna get smoked out... fuck. percocet
 two smoked girls burnupatvshow
 jus wanna go home lay in my bed and smoke a few blunts 
 i smoke a joint in my room bc im about to go to bed. then i hear my goddad taking a dab. elohel coincidence i think not
 k im gonna take a shower and by the time i get out i want someone to bml to smoke with me cause i hate smoking alone 
 just gonna listen to gorillaz and smoke joints all night lol fuck this shit
 its 100 ndddd i wanna smoke
 i just wanna smoke a blunt with snoop doggn
 i just smoke til i go to sleep on nights ion go out issa wrap
 probably smoke a 7th before i go to sleep
 probably smoke a 7th before i go to sleep
 i just want to smoke in the bed.
 im tryna chill and smoke over snapchat means im tryna fuck.  get the entire fuck out bro
 beach smoke and vibe type of night
 im austintx with no weed 
 grosjean out with smoke ausgp f1
 honestly just wanna smoke an lay up
  you gon get your ass smoke nigga take me 4 joke  ripyc  
 go to bed smokey 
 i just wanna smoke and vent
 i smoked newports again today i need to go to sleep already.
 i kinda wanna watch weeds again
 wanna smoke amp cuddle
 im bout to smoke a fat ass backwood...
 when you wanna smoke but dont have a plug in the o
 i just wanna smoke tf
 omg i wanna smoke and watch psych
 the laws took my weed i was so sad til i came home amp found the sack i lost 
 im turnt but i didnt bring my weed pen so im hella sad lmao
 i said i wouldnt smoke but never said i cant eat it 
 i just be wanting to get a nut off  make some legs tremble and shake  smoke blunt  cuddle  and let her fall asleep on my chest
 my boyfriend feel asleep amp he told me he wasnt.. im gonna smoke all his wax now 
 i just wanna smoke n go to sleep
 trying to smoke a cig in the wind will be the death of me
 tbh i just wanna smoke and call it a night
 i barley smoked at all today  and i just smoke a blunt and im so high rn. lol @ myself.
 anyone wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke 
 @bluemooseic yo i got a fl rapper with ties to smokepurpp and lil pump he down to come to ic dm me if you wanna make this happen
 aint no one to smoke this l with
 just wanna smoke amp eat sum good food
 fuck lean just smoke weed lol 
 you roll weed  bitch i roll silverware.
 i cant sleep. i need to smoke 
 woke up from a nap  smoked  now back to bed i go 
 ill dead ass go back to the casino after i smoke 
 ima just smoke a blunt amp go to bed
 whos awake and wanna smoke a blunt lmao
 maybe if i smoke   ill be able to go back to sleep 
 she just wanna chill with me amp smoke up all my weed 
 sleep  smoke and sleep 
 they all 2334 and im here like helloooo lets all go to queens and smoke hookah
 i really hope no one goes thru my purse because theyre gonna be like damn liberals and their weed lol.
 i need to smoke a fat ass wood
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 im really sad im gonna smoke a blint pt 100
 lay up with me and smoke 
 ahh now its raining..its making me wanna smoke again
 i wanna smoke so fkn bad
 @austyyc wanna smoke a blunt or something hoss
 @basso488 he and smokey should go in the next damn class
 i just wanna smoke a fat wood rn
 i need to smoke a blunt and maybe ill sleep
 i don sleep i jus smoke n power nap
 this is california  weed solves everything. 
 i wanted to take my boyfriend indoor skydiving  but he wanna do is smoke weed for his birthday 
 fuck it smoke another blunt 
 fuck it smoke a roach lol
 katie g shit smoked a blunt wihout me. im heartbroken and crying
 you wanna go out tonight. maybe get some drinks. nah i got drinks and weed at the crib. and no you cant come over.
 this bitch wanna smoke all of my weeeed
 time to smoke some pastrami  
 let me go find a backwood so i can get my morning smoke on .
 man. troubles gonna be keeping this smoker cool enough. pastrami 
 60 for an eighth of weed... how bad do i wanna smoke 
 i wanna smoke but im fighting the urge cuz im trying to stop
 im good with just weed amp hennessy tomorrow fuck all the bullshit
 went to go smoke my roach and forgot the bowl to my bong is broken 
 why when i wanna smoke everybody wanna ignore me but as soon as they wanna smoke im supposed to be ready
 tryna debate on if i wanna smoke rn  probably
 i smoked a big cookie blunt on the freeway on my way to work. im nice and lit.
 when you wanna smoke but your neighbors outside and you respectful
 if you wanna go and get high w me smoke an l in the back of the benzyyyyv
 this bitch wanna smoke all my weed
 denvers the kinda place a stay at home or home maker type would get a job just to smoke
 i cant wait to make these weed brownies for my birthday next month  i got a special ingredient 
 1115 am and im not sure what i wanna do today. smoke preferably
 i cant wait to be off probation one day an be able to smoke a blunt for the first time again .
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said  girl thats all that we do 
 broo i wanna smoke ugh
 i wanna do nothing but smoke a bkunt w kelci amp dani and watch supernatural. especially w this rainy day 
 somebody come get me i wanna smoke
 lmao she thirsty talking bout she gone be here in 20mins .. iont even wanna smoke
 just wanna smoke and watch you dance
 just wanna smoke n cuddle w you 
 @embschell1 you do you wanna smoke before we go into forever 21  me no  you ok me neither.....
 yall inspired me to smoke in my backyard today brb
 cant wait for ganja and boogie t 
 just wanna smoke and make some music rn 
 you ever smoke a puff of weed and be like im gonna bomb off this shit.
 lets fuck so i can smoke again
 anyone wanna smoke a blunt
 2030 we gon get high looking at the weed lol
 i just feel as tho if you wanna smoke at a house party  roll your shit before you go
 lets go smoke weed in a field
 just wanna smoke a blunt amp go on a hike 
 wake up in beautiful la to my girl on top of me with starbucks talking bout lets smoke and watch movies 
 all niggas in jersey wanna do is smoke weed and talk about how its no waves
 about to smoke myself a solo blunt and get some in n out. thats my sunday funday 
 if u wanna take a trip w smokers be prepared for a 15 min break every hour.
 my parents wanna go bowling amp i just wanna chill amp smoke lol
 who wanna open up for our 420 up n smoke tour  denver  pueblo 
 whos trynna smoke down when i get home
 everybody wanna be a smoker now 
 i cant wait to smoke a fat blunt
 all cyrus and i do is smoke  fuck  eat  amp nap.
 @tylerdennen where you at i wanna smoke with you
 guess who back in the land of the weed  home of da rave
 lets just lay in bed  drink our coffee  smoke a joint amp read a book
 only way you gone get me outta bed is food or weed 
 yall wanna see me smoke an empanada
 i just woke up with weed stems in my underwear
 when they gonna prescribe nymphs medical marijuana
 someone lets smoke amp go eat amp watch the unc v uk game today
 i wanna smoke w my niggas like old times 
 use the rest of the field to draft off of weed out the suckers and go to the front go ej  88
 at the end of the day i just wanna kick my feet up and smoke blunts
 this wild team is cooked. cant close out nonplayoff teams  gonna get smoked in the first round.
 my weeds seedless my trees leafless 
 i went up to my manager to ask if i could go smoke and he immediately said go burn one.
 bro i just wanna smoke and go to sleep..
 just found a weed crumb on the stairs and chris yelled dibs lmao
 about smoke this joint with ej
 its a good day to weed a flower bed 
 really wanna go to hempstead and see j
 free from work till 11 whos tryna smoke sum amp eat 
 type to wake up smoke a cigargrab a drink and get ready to make this day my bitch. 24 fucking 7. i am success. 
 nature boy at heart. wanna earn my love lets go on a nature walk  smoke a few spliffs  and 
 all i wanna do today is smoke and watch stupid movies with my friends
 its a good day to watch troy  eat smoked brisket and do absolutely nothing.
 i just wanna go home chill smoke and study. sundayfunday
 i cant wait til mads can smoke w me again like i jus wanna share 6 blunts between him and i and then go for a long ass walk
 just cause im lit right now anybody wanna smoke pull up all on me 
 gonna get a cannabis plant tatted on my right ass cheek. just bc i sincerely love weed
 bitch be acting like she dont wanna smoke  
 lets smoke take me to get wrap sss 
 i cant wait for next seasons tailgates.. im gonna try to bring up the smoker i have at home  
 cant wait til my car get finished so i can get weed amp food.
 whos gonna take the  cake smoke and engines 
 @thejauregaylaw i wanna smoke weed everyday and im gonna eat that pussy period comma
 the next blunt i smoke is gonna be wit my future lady or my imaginary lady actually bc its all in my head at this point
 you can continuously smoke ... and i can sleep  
 every sunday night wed smoke a l amp watch walking dead together if we were both off work.
 she just wanna smoke and fucc  i said girl thats all that we do.
 @bringmenoodles aww thank you  amp ill be back rn to smoke a blee just came home to take a piss lol
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed..i said baby just buy dutches cause you cant smoke for free..
 my brother said come on we bout to go smoke a jay 
 @k8atwood you dont wanna get smoked
 my birthday is on the first i want lots of love  candles  books  incense and weed if you wanna treat
 im going to smoke a cigarette eat some vegan sausage go get the oil changed on the car go to petsmart and then do some laundry.
 my dog just ate a nug of weed is she gonna die
 if you gotta ask someone to roll your shit they gon wanna smoke it too. roll your own.
 fuck it im just finna go buy some weed
 all i do is sleep  smoke  and watch shameless
 when you get back to rockford were going to smoke this fat ass blunt then chill and listen to music in the car wow  issa date
 i need to ingest marijuana
 jus tryna chill and smoke da gas nun major
 i really just wanna smoke and sleep
 cant wait until its 9 so i can get off and smoke and watch shameless and sleep 
 fox is gonna get smoked facts @kotfg
 gonna smoke this blunt and get some food 
 they just wanna smoke my weed 
 enjoying a nice smoke and a cold beer after this 6 day mandatory work week at my regular job. .thank god im off 2morrow...sleep sleep lol
 kinda wanna smoke hookah  kinda wanna play video games  kinda wanna drink  kinda wanna not do shit. someone decide for me.
 i just wanna smoke my life away
 my favorite part of the day is going home from work to smoke alone and eat pizza til i wanna throw up 
 and i dont talk to nobody till i smoke my blunt
 all i wanna do is smoke amp fuck her  thug it out and keep shit undercover
 off work bout to go home and smoke sumn
 im so ready to get home and smoke some bowls
 nigga wanna ask if i wanna smoke  bitch i got my own dope. im straight .
 i just wanna smoke   eat pizza amp be nasty 
 all i know is gang shit  hempcon backwoodbullies affluent amg @ sonoma county event 
 what trying to chill smoke and dab
 you just wanna smoke and shit
 she said she just wanna smoke amp fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 lol i smoke amp sleep to it 
 i really wanna freaking smoke. its been so long. henny has corrupted my life.
 i dont feel like rolling up but i wanna smoke
 guess imma go smoke @ the park by myself 
 i want a lilboo who can come over cuddle smoke n eat some pizza w me 
 i dont wanna smoke alone tonight.
 why you wanna fw me kus you aint getting free weed 
 someone smoke this blunt with me
 cant. eat. unless i smoke first.
 i wanna smoke 
 you smoke  i smoke  i drink  me too  well good cuz we gon get high tonight
 me are we gonna smoke that ash brandon yeah thats not ash  thats like.... crispy weed
 i cant wait to get paid on wednesday  lost all my weed
 bowls the whitest way to smoke lol
 lowkey i wanna smoke just not alone 
 i just want to smoke this blunt and cuddle
 rock n roll  smoke a bowl.
 what are they gonna do with all that weed now 
 i just wanna get this smoke smell off me now 
 just wanna get drunk and smoke
 i really need to get outta bed and smoke a blunt. i literally havent touched any weed  seen any weed  or smelled any weed today.
 living back home and all my brother has done is smoke weed 
 cant wait till i get to the haazzeee  i ain smoke in so long im starting to smell it 
 i also bought this cannabis spray so lets see how this goes
 i woke up this morning. in hempstead.
 after work i just want to cuddle and smoke and possibly drink.
 i just wanna smoke a blunt amp chull
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli 
 i do not wanna smoke blunts wit dem  on dem late nights prayed the sun would come 
 you wanna smoke a blunt when u get back um ya is that a question best txt all day
 guys if a female wanna fuck ya but shell only fuck if she smoke but she aint cute do you ....
 im just tryn smoke a fat bowl 
 im tryna smoke but they wont ho to sleep 
 i wanna smoke and they wanna be up causing all type of havoc
 i just need to smoke and go to sleep
 they plotting they got hella girls and hella weed its all coming together they throwinga kick back 
 i might miss you  but watch me smoke this blunt and forget about ya .
 party lt fat smoke sesh
 she just wanna smoke and fk  i say girl thats all that we do
 i cant wait to smoke this blunt
 i smoke 100 blunts as soon as i wake up.....gang
 all weed does is make you tired and hungry. i just had cheesies amp insomnia cookie.
 should i risk trying to smoke this blunt in the backyard lol i guess so
 in a few days well know if weed is gonna be legalised in ontario for july 1st 2018. i dont smoke weed.
 i wanna not be sober to not feel shitty but im out of beer and im too poor for weed
 im all alone i needa go smoke
 man fuck it. im jus finna smoke
 i want smoked mullet from the beach when i get back home
 @judgejeanine wonder when theyll get off that damn train. another smokescreen. anything to deter people from other terrible truths libs lie
 anybody wanna smoke no nevermind
 its the ones that smoke blunts with ya see ya picture now wanna grab they guns n come n get cha
 damn ive been hitting people to come smoke this weed w me but nobody wanna
 just wanna smoke and listen to rainfall
 we smoked a blunt omfggg i cant get over that 
 me and him was pose to go smoke hookah but im tired so me and him bout to lay tf down dinner did me dirty
 when you need to go to sleep but too busy listening to ganja white night 
 @ayelaniee fat smoke sesh after easter 
 jus showered finna smoke and k.o
 really wanna smoke a blunt but my throat is in v bad condition 
 i just wanna take a walk   smoke amp just think about life amp put all my pieces back together from this puzzle 
 personally i hate edibles. since i cant smoke i been trying really hard to get high. and im over it. i need a blunt.
 shit happens. smoke a blunt  take a nap  and get over it
 sorry about the gigatons of weed cascading down the border  but frankly you could stand to chill the fuck out  eh 
 when people tell me they cant smoke cuz of probation it makes me so sad for them lol 
 i wanna smoke and this nigga wanna watch walking dead 
 im lowkey sad lol. i dont have weed how am i supposed to work tomorrow without it 
 fuck you. you bogus. you a goofy. i hope someone laces your dope and you smoke a fat ass blunt of it  
 it definitely says overdose on heroin if youd wanna do that  youd wanna sit in a car and smoke too. 
 i wanna smoke  cuddle and watch how to get away w murder. 
 when you really need to smoke a blunt but youre out of bud 
 i wanna smoke weed witth brendon urie
 not one to smoke weed. but after today i could use a fat ass blunt.
 i miss texting jazzie asking if she wanna smoke w me on the bench at the old crib 
 i wanna smoke with brendon urie
 gonna smoke his fatty before bed 
 gonna smoke this fatty before bed 
 seriously cant wait to be home to smoke a fat ass blunt
 fuck it  problem smoke some weed and go to bed 
 cant wait to wake up and smoke some tomorrow 
 she wanna smoke my dope  let her smoke my dope.
 i cant renew my cannabis card because dmv is hasnt sent me the paper work to renew my license. wow aint that some shit
 bitch wanna smoke w me wanna chill w me cause im so dam cool now
 my weeds louder than your girl in bed 
 tomorrow is the day where u wanna relax and smoke hookah ... come and enjoy ur free refill @ 
 i cant wait till im 21 so i can go to cannabis cup. literally only think im looking forward to. 
 re smoke this blunt to clam my nerves.
 we have room inspections tomorrow  so i cant smoke in my room. aka im not gonna get any type of sleep. 
 my uncle gone have to give me all his weed before he go to the casino tonight. he cant smoke it at the hotel anyway.
 cant wait to work for academia where drug testing aint really a thing and weed legal in ca
 sunny packs me a bowl and passes it to me me hits bowl and passes it back sunny whered u get that weed from
 showered  exercised  finished homework. now aboutta smoke this greazy l hoodniggavocals and knock 
 if yall dont get yall sap asses on   go smoke a blunt or some 
 was gonna smoke but got have after a double to realize someone from work took my bag of weed outta my backpack
 cant sleep so i woke lucas up out of a dead sleep to smoke a blunt with me and hes so pissed rn  awe my bby loves me
 cant wait to smoke a bowl with my best friend and go to the beach  @nakedastronauty youre my rider 
 you ever smoke a blunt and then get into bed shit starts getting freaky
 i just wanna light some candles  put on some vibey music and smoke a blunt in bed.
 suck on my nipples while i lean back and smoke the blunt 
 i just wanna smoke and explore the wonders of the universe dawg
 who wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke
 bruuuuh im still not home i just wanna smoke
 need someone to smoke this blunt with me in the am 
 i cant wait until i can smoke again
 i wonder if im really gonna die. if i smoke like...  really lmao
 do i wanna smoke this blunt or fall out 
 when u say u wanna smoke and she bring a whole 18 back  
 on top of it  i havent been able to smoke or drink and im about to flip the fuck out  im soooo frustrated fuck
 okay im gonna smoke this blunt. and im not gonna die. i can do all things through christ who strengthens me. lmao
 and it hurts too much to smoke weed or do a dab.   fuck
 im just gonna go smoke alone since everyone wanna be fake
 a blunt not smoked 
 who wanna smoke
 i really wanna smoke
 i wanna smokeee
 baddaywarningsigns when you wake up hungover  ran out of weed  train to work is delayed and you get stuck in a lon 
 i cant go back to sleep and i wanna smoke but i dont wanna go to the gas station at this time just for a wood
 roll up smoke
 my lungs are flipping shit rn yikes dont smoke
 im going to smoke a bowl and go to sleep watches entire vine thread 
 i just wanna count my bread   smoke some dope amp get some head
 i made it all the way home with one blunt of weed left im so happy
 woke up just to smoke and now im going back to bed 
 if you wanna keep it a ball niggas scared to ride wit a gram of weed out here
 wanna smoke a blunt w oomf too bad she hate me one day then fw me the other.
 i jus wanna have deep conversations while we smoke
 took a nap  smoked a bowl now back to work.
 wake up  smoke some  and go back to bed
 cant wait to patent my weed  peachtree kush amp east side gas
 im gonna smoke weed on 420 just to say i smoked pot on 420
 lay up   smoke and get my stomach rubbed 
 2016 out in sxsw austintx doing a cannabis press run w other 
 2016 out in sxsw austintx doing a cannabis press run for 
 i wanna take part in the marijuana games
 i want to live on a beach one day so i can go outside on my porch and look at the water and smoke a joint 
 im sleepy af but im about to smoke a blunt  so im not tripping
 debating if i wanna smoke this blunt or just stay in my bed
 woke up just to smoke amp go back to sleep smh this aint it
 days like this are the best to get high makes me wanna smoke a blunt but im better then that.  
 i roll it up and smoke it all
 im gonna smoke a fat ass blunt as soon as i get back to california
 i just wanna smoke one more wood with you brother
 shit is mad fucking annoying i was sleeping good to this nigga talking bout match im bout to roll a zip in a wood make him watch me smoke
 yall borin. i smoke and then still go do all of this 
 yo mike we gonna finally get to smoke that joint on thursday u gone be in the spot cant wait
 just want a boyfriend i can cuddle with all the time and smoke with 
 you wanna smoke 
 whatever trump thinks is gonna happen from him enforcing federal marijuana laws is laughable.
 i just wanna smoke
 im not ready to go to new york weed is too expensive
 please learn how to corner a bowl or get the fuck away from my weed
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli
 she wanna smoke my dope  aye let her smoke my dope
 damn my car still smells like marijuanaaa  my mom is gonna kill me
 both sick  both about to smoke a blunt   both about to sleep all day together . it . is . absolutely . amaaazinnnngg . 
 i need to teach her ass how to roll   so she can roll my weed for me 
 i said i wasnt gonna smoke  weed  like that  but a lost in the family make you stress and do shit like that r.i.p
 every time i wanna smoke ima eat a snack
 i wanna move where theres weed and music festivals...
 got weed but being lazy
 roll up and dont even wanna smoke right now.
 i wake up out my sleep just to smoke a blunt. maybe i need to slow down
 wake up  smoke a bowl  then off to start my morning
 let me smoke this blunt while i eat that 
 this rain makes me want to smoke a bowl and go back to bed
 planning a 4 day camping trip w my bros bout to be liit and theres gonna be a lot of weed
 not gonna smoke  drink  eat out  or see any of my bfs this week cause i gotta save my gpa.
 i wanna go for a walk and smoke but the way my neighborhood is set up it makes me want to stay indoors forever
 iiiii just wanna fuck   i just wanna smoke my blunt
 cant wait to smoke a beer tonight
 but if you wanna lose in madden or 2k today im in town ready to smoke some boots 
 ill just smoke a blunt and go bacc 2 sleep
 guess im gonna smoke this blunt before i do anything today
 pass that weed around till i fall back
 is it bad that i wanna smoke right now.
 hmu if u wanna gimm sum free weed
 i jus wanna smoke my weed brother
 im ready to get home amp smoke a blunt wit baby 
 man thats where i wanna travel next. washington state or oregon .. shit is beautiful up there and the weed is a1. 
  lain watches chisa smoke a blunt
 have you tried everything on our new menu yet come on in for this caprese sandwich with smoked 
 kinda sad the argentinian chicks next door had to move  now the whole building gonna blame me for the weed smell in the hallway
 wake and bake. smoke a blunt then eat that cake. you know a nigga about to make that ass shake
 abt to go home smoke this blunt till 4 go get fitted for my prom dress come home finish my blunt lmfaoo
 i just wanna read a book and smoke while chillin around some nature
 finns smoke some gas then lay down for a while
 you can go cold turkey on weed and be gucci like 3 days later only thing prob affected is your sleep if you use weed for insomnia
 like yoooo im just trying to smoke my l by myself and chill. i dont need anyone else next to me to get high stay the fuck from around me
 jackie lets go but why we cant just smoke and go get something to eat
 i cant wait for the day that i can sit outside at a bar and smoke a joint freely
 yup its a smoke out kinda day  ready for the rain to come.
 walking towards baker  kid behind me talking loudly on the phone  im about to roll a blunt and smoke. like. we get it you smoke lmao
 lets go @mets ready for this home opener n thor throwing smoke
 happymonday we are open today until 630 this evening for anyone looking to renew or get a medical marijuana recommendation malibu
 thank you orlando you were great but now i gotta go back home and smoke some weed
 eat smoke then take a nap
 gonna customize my wig  eat  smoke and watch avatar the last airbender
 any girls wanna come over and smoke hookah
 i wanna smoke so bad 
 gonna smoke this blunt then back to work
 @ayodani tryna smoke my last blunt before i get swept away sis 
 my dad been outside cleaning all day cant even go out and smoke
 wanna go smoke and watch a rangers game in la next week
 bby come amp smoke this blunt  yeah we gonn fuck but bitch this aint no luv 
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 idk it just gets funnier and funnier to me lmao  im gonna smoke my blunt now
 lemme smoke this blunt and chill 
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do
 i wanna drink that shot of whiskey  and i wanna smoke that cigarette
 i wanna smoke a blunt at the park
 i wanna go home so i can smoke .. i could really use a blunt 
 having trouble getting some mondaymotivation let this sandwich talk to you the smokehouse burger at 
 i just wanna smoke weeeedd
 im gonna smoke 4 fat ass blunts after school 
 i just wanna smoke and my cousin taking forever
 who wanna have a smoke session tn
 i wanna chill and smoke hookah outside 
 in the mood to smoke and cuddle 
 you gon smoke it 
 @kdzwierzynski this gonna set back the recreational marijuana movement imo
 only thing i like about matte is i can smoke a blunt amp not get lipstick over the l
 gonna do it  gonna smoke
 who tryna smoke this mid day blunt with me
 listen to some music from the 70s and smoke a blunt you will be out here feelin all types of groovy
 i want to go home  smoke and cuddle with my baby
 if im gonna have to work then im gonna have to smoke 
 roll me up and smoke me when i die  @ tuscaloosa  alabama 
 i dont wanna drink baby girl i just wanna smoke 
 horny trying to fuck eat amp smoke
 i just wanna smoke weed  watch netflix amp eat all day 
 yea i just wanna smoke then go to sleep a bitch is tired
 @lindyyamara late night smoke sesh listening to banks get so high i have to walk u to ur room
 today is goin to be one of those smoke amp nap days its the only place i can hide from the bullshit of 2017
 i hate when people cant wait to smoke knowing id wait for them if it came down to it 
 just tryin to smoke eat and find some shade hmu
 im in front of the toyota sign under the smokestacks. 
 wanna smoke 
 i need a kd i wanna smoke by myself so i can be in my jam
 he just wanna smoke and fuck i said boy thats all that we do
 lmao... you wanna fight and smoke crack 
 took a fat dab and i swear i burped out smoke 20 mins later when sipping on dr. pepper.. 
 im gonna make a finsta so i can smoke weed and my parents wont know 
 if anyone wants to helps us move tomorrow or through this week will pay with weed or food
 fuck my uncle forced me to smoke.
 @leximoreno smoke a blunt
 brb  gonna smoke a zip to the face. 
 come listen to some jazz with us  and smoke on some great authentic hookah
 wait  wait  wait. discount liquor  smokes  and fireworks all on the same block in joplin what 
 i just wanna take trips  get to know parts of the world with a few close peeps and plenty of weed
 matchhhhhh i just wanna smokeee
 my little brother is always down for a blunt ride w me amp he dont even smoke he jus ride amp jam thats love
 gon smoke everyday regardless  
 honestly all i wanna do is lay in bed with some funny ass movies  smoke a few bowls and eat an unhealthy amount of bww.
 anyone want to smoke a blunt
 i wanna smoke an l and go to the movies tonight. 
 everyone seems to be having a shitty monday except me so im gonna send my positive vibes to yall. smoke one and take a breather. reflect.
 damn i wanna smoke. last week i had the smiths on repeat while i smoked on my bed and i felt so relaxed  i loved that.
 i can not wait to smoke a cig 
 who  wanna smoke da weeds 2nite
 days like today make me wanna smoke pot but im trying to quit all together 
 they cant wait to smoke their weed with me  i guess traitsoflikablepeople
 yeah facts  fuck that bitch lets smoke a blunt i love it
 i just wanna get this room clean  smoke  and be alone for the night.
 who wanna go w me to the beach  smoke  smoke  and smoke
 lmk how erin smokes a bowl and then goes to the gym
 gonna take a smoke break today at work havent had one in a while
 when i smoke my blunt and its already halfway done.  
 all there is to do in lincoln is smoke bud and walk around
 people really wanna sit on ft and watch me smoke w my mama 
 i wanna smoke but i dont wanna smoke by myself 
 when you smoke a fat blunt and then try to pretend sleep  
 kai and i are gonna smoke on the beach together and have lil hippy babies 
 someone bring me food  i feel like shit i just wanna smoke and lay in bed all day 
 waiting to smoke this fat ass joint like
 i just wanna smoke and literally just chill lets talk laugh bump music idk but shit
 @paigeleu i cant even smoke half a blunt to myself and ive been smoking for 7 years. you gon be fucked uppppp. 
 im honestly so sad rn. ill just smoke a blunt to forget.
 im the type of dude who complains about chest pains then smokes a bong simultaneously 
 chat and smoke before i head home.  
 tired as fuck i just wanna smoke and sleep
 and i wanna smoke
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i say girl thats all that we do
 if i ever get caught being high at work im just gonna shout i smoke because of this job cause its tru
 me to me im gonna wake up early tomorrow  knock out these 3 papers  then when im done ill smoke a blunt 
 my dad hey do u wanna smoke pot i can go get some me me me what the fuck
 cant wait to get home and smoke this blunt  longday
 yo. just turned 21 and i wanna smoke a cigar. can we make this happen unc. 
 ima smoke this blunt amp forget about you
 around this time tomorrow @chrischinnnnnn will be smokin weed on the beach how exciting
 cant wait to smoke on the beach and be care free
 im really not even tryna smoke pr on a regular  thats really gon have to be those before bed blunts
 weed is weed i dont mind sharing...my only exception is my morning blunt and my blunt straight off of work
 who wanna smoke and then fade pluckers with me and rushawn
 bout to just smoke this blunt amp chill before i go on a rampage amp fuck everybodies shit up. @
 i just wanna smoke with someone
 thottie wanna smoke i got her driving everywhere
 some of yall need to calm down  get laid  smoke a blunt or eat a bunch of cake. yall too tensed up  shooting negativity everywhere.
 i can not wait to smoke again
 all i wanna do is smoke my weed and live in peace
 i just wanna smoke and go to sleep. 
 i let her hit my blunt now all she do is smoke. 
 all we do is smoke and fuck
 every blunt ii smoke the longer my hair gets lol
 i wanna smoke but i dont wanna move
 i wanna smoke
 let us lay in the grass and smoke a phat wood while we talk about some real shit.
 @yasmeenbhatti @assfruta @ijessewilliams hes gonna smoke weed
 someone smoke this blunt wit me
 ready to smoke this pressure
 k  rant over im gonna go smoke amp take a bubble bath now
 mane i just wanna leave a legacy  so pass me the weed with my hennessy
 i wanna smoke 
 better send this thing back to china. u are gonna get smoked lol and we aint protesting for your ass 
 im getting ready for future. i got plans for the summer. gonna experience more amp live my life. imma enjoy everything. imma smoke a lot too.
 shout out to smokesignalsinflorida for the support a night of drum and bass  come experience 
 im just trying to smoke a blunt and go to sleep 
 cant wait to lay in bed and smoke to love and hip hop with my little pup
 i only smoke joints if theyre fat blunts
 i jus smoked myself into a lazy eye  im tweakin
 the lack of weed down here disappoints me and makes me wanna pack my bags and go back to ct and thats really just sad
 after a long day of work i came home to a home cook meal  weed  amp a bubble bath 
 if i ever get famous im going to make the vip for 100 and they have to smoke me up and then all it is is i just go get food with them
 who wanna smoke and watch 13 reasons why
 yo you guys wanna go smoke some cigs at poto
 i just wanna smoke and chill out can we do that unknownstaarradio @ sacramento  california 
 do i smoke tonight  tomorrow  or both 
 the fact that i have to smoke now just to be able to sleep
 i wanna smoke and listen to selena really loud lol
 i wanna make money all day amp smoke weed wirh bae at night.
 i just wanna sex  smoke  and vibe.. i want you by my side 
 i wanna make money all day amp smoke weed with bae at night.
 drink. smoke. sleep. eat. school 
 fina smoke  eat   then work out and study
 cant wait until i can smoke again  first thing im doing is taking dabs 
 i wanna smoke and drive but i dont wanna be the driver lol
 might smoke me a blunt or two then go grab some food lol
 me when i smoke before work 
 can we just not talk and smoke blunt instead
 can we just not talk and smoke the blunt instead
 this boy that im about to smoke with is so cute and his dog is so good i wanna die
 roll roll roll your joint  pass it down the line. take a toke  inhale the smoke  and blow your fucking mind
 i can never eat sleep read drink smoke run skip step write listen talk work enough to stop thinking and im really really tired of thinking
 @cpetit11 wanna smoke a bowl
 im ready to smoke this blunt amp crash the fuck out
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and cuddle
 need someone to sit in the car with  smoke a blunt  and eat popeyes
 i just wanna smoke one  make sweet love  and then tap 
 not having weed to smoke before bed 
 rosie and i cut our workout short to go smokelol
 someone listen to jazz n smoke a blunt w me
 if i had a penny for every time i thought i could smoke until i wasnt sad anymore id have a decent sized jar of pennies
 i wanted to come home to a hot shower and a nice blunt  but came home to a cold shower and my weed man telling me he wasnt home 
 i just wanna live in my own house and smoke a blunt if i want too
 i dont see how people smoke and wanna have sex. i just wanna sleep or listen to someone explain things in painstaking detail
 all i want to do is smoke and eat a fat italian sub from cheba
 about to smoke and go cuddle with daddy before he has to wake up for work
 my bff is now 17  guys  happy birthday mak  love you amp cant wait to smoke a blunt w u  
 time to smoke a bowl and go to bed 
 im about to try to smoke a blunt in the shower
 really be wishing i had someone to smoke wit when i get off in the mornings 
 really wish i had somebody to smoke this blunt with amp cuddle up with 
 when you and bae smoke a blunt and watch hours of the food network  
 lemme roll up smoke and go to sleep shit struck a nerve
 im boutta eat and smoke and play 2. i been sleep since 12 pm lls
 im just gonna smoke a joint and chill 
 i wanna take a road trip. listen to music  smoke  all that 
 lets go sit by the lake amp smoke a blunt
 laying here sober as hell  just wanna smoke and lay up  findlexaman2k17
 my philosophy is if they wanna smoke theyll come get it  
 just gonna smoke fuck it
 i jus wanna face a blunt  no weed  no plug
 i need a blunt but cant smoke 
 dabs make me fiend to smoke a blunt 
 in tryna smoke this blunt
 fuck it in about to smoke this blunt
 i wanna smoke a blunt with my husband every morning we wake up together and every night before bed.
 who wanna smoke
 this cramps are killer and i just wanna smoke some pot but im trying to find a new job so i cant  ugh
 these cramps are killer and i just wanna smoke some pot but im trying to find a new job so i cant  ugh
 i jus wanna smoke weed and eat tacos
 this why i smoke right before i go to sleep
 when you get home and have weed 
 when broke is life so you got to smoke the worlds tiniest joint. @ultra 
 bout to take a smoke break.
 i need to take my happy ass to sleep  but do i smoke
 bout to smoke this j then try watch some tv till i fall sleep
 my weed is trash but should i smoke or just try to go to bed
 i am nocturnal. i listen to the cure and smoke marlboros til 6 am. then i sleep all day.
 let me smoke this blunt and go to sleep cause lord knows im hungry and tired and its gonna be a long day tomorrow
 i just wanna make you thick   smoke good weed  and paint to erykah badu shorty 
 i just wanna make you thick   smoke good weed  and paint to erykah badu shorty 
 up with noone to smoke with 
 i do what i wanna thats why i smoke too much marijuana
 half the reason i dont get to sleep at a decent time i be havin bags of different weed everywhere 
 lets smoke a few blunts  lay it down and catch up on sum netflix
 as a former smoker....ive seen the mothership  its calling me home... 
 when i leave my weed at home 
 i just wanna smoke blunts with you and give you booty rubs babygirl
 honestly just ready to go home workout  smoke and go to sleep.
 i wanna tell you this shit right now while this fuckin weed is in me
 this the last of my weed till later. and im sooo sad..
 who wan smoke when i get off work
 im gonna stop buying weed after 420 someone hold me to it 
 i miss the days i cud jus go to the park chill wit the niggas and smoke wit out gettin shot
 im gonna smoke a blunt on mountain today
 gonna open a weedbar with different strands and shits and 3 bonghits  rent a bong  and my own brand blunt wraps 
 i said i wasnt gonna smoke for the next 3 weeks  but i already want more weed
 if i dont smoke in tha morning i wont eat til bout 34pm smh
 cannabis coffee is a better idea than cannabis beer or wine. we stoners dont like that hash booze buzz to fuck up our chill high. get it
 im gonna buy a scale and see how many ppl fuck me over in weed
 my mother used to watch that when i get kicked out of aampt lol...she was tryn smoke me 
 wanna pass the weed  pass the weed its way to early  suite mates crazyyyyy. 
 im all telling kristine to come over to smoke and im still in bed naked  but my bed is my life 
 i cant roll  im smoker 
 im depressed  i wanna smoke a blunt and get breakfast somewhere lmao
 lets smoke this blunt 
 i cannot wait to get home and smoke a fat blunt
 just gonna smoke n chillllllll all daaaaaaaaaay
 i just wanna smoke a fatty
 im very patient but i dont like waiting to smoke or eat... like that shit dead. lol whoever i be waiting on just gon have to take that l
 all i wanna do today is snug and smoke some js.
 i wanna smoke weed and climb mountains and listen to arcade fire and love my surroundings
 really wanna say fuck school and all this bullshit and just go travel the world  smoke my weed  and make my art
 aww i took my uncle blunt... i didnt think it would have weed in it  he gon be mad when he wake up
 lol jk ima go smoke 
 but im off and i have weed so theres really no need for me to leave the house today lol or my bed
 whos tryna smoke and kick it today 
 ant told me tonight we are gonna smoke a blunt when cali goes to bed  make a pizza  and watch prison break together. sounds perfect to me 
 finna smoke a fat wood 
 i just wanna skate around and smoke a blunt. but mother nature not fucking with it.
 man fuck this shit who wanna smoke
 this weather just makes me wanna smoke a dutch 
 i just wanna cuddle  smoke and watch movies
 if you leave a bud stem under your pillow the weed fairy will let you venmo them 30 for an eighth.
 if ion smoke a blunt might fuck around and smoke somebody
 need to go for a run when i get home to get shit off my mind and if that doesnt work then imma smoke and if that dont work goodnight guys
 anyone in my area wanna smoke
 she wanna smoke all my reefer  
 where tf is alyss i wanna smoke 
 think imma leave at lunch and go smoke 
 she the smoke to my blunt
 im trying to smoke a blunt on the beach
 i wanna smoke week every day and im gonna eat that pussy period comma pause but hold the applause 
 if the wind even like 5 mph  you cannot smoke outside.
 they will keep trying  more smoke bombs. keep the concentration off of trumpfs russia. 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt on my couch and forget the pressure of da world
 fuck around and get smoked ... jk this is fucked up shit 
 just tryna smoke a blunt no ones down
 its been ah hectic and frustrating day amp i just cannot wait to get off and smoke ah blunt 
 lets just smoke a blunt  watching 90s movies  and chill 
 when your paper in weed up seem like everyone wanna fucks with you
 i wanna smoke a rape blunt with @hoodvicious
 @alexiscubillo i wanna smoke weed every day and im gonna
 u wanna smoke 
 i dont wanna smoke alone  but its probably best i do.
 my old work is hilarious  before they fire someone they make them weed wack  around the lake 
 i need more flow friends  jus wanna smoke n hoop
 i just wanna smoke eat amp take a nap
 im trynna smoke a fatass blunt and just chill with mamas when shes off work 
 just really wanna smoke a blunt n talk to someone lmao
 i got to make this poster  smoke a blunt  eat  and take another bath.
 i could smoke a blunt and eat 2 of these easily 
 i be having to smoke a blunt to chill
 anyone wanna go to the mall and smoke 
 all niggas wanna do is try to smoke you out and fuck 
 anyone wanna smoke
 she said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed.
 here at caufield clay works we do take home chilllax on the deck with smokes and beer  
 im ready get off work... smoke a blunt... chill... eat... and get some sex... lol hopefully
 i cant smoke in a bubble bath cause ill fuck around and pass out 
 bored amp wanna smoke 
 gonna smoke a joint
 i swear to god if amy ashes on me or blows smoke in my face one more time im gonna dump her drink out over the dock
 nothing ruins a nice sea breeze more than the stench of cigarette smoke.
 shes just tryna smoke and fuck and i say girl thats all that we do.
 just got home  washed my face  ate a salad  and im about to smoke another bowl life
 yo bro you tryna go to the plaaaaat and smoke a blunt
 any1 tryna smoke a blunt with me at the top of the eiffel tower tomorrow
 i wanna start doing taco tuesday tho . somewhere where i can drink and smoke lol
 sucks  wanna smoke  
 i wanna ask my granny if she wanna smoke but she be in n out of moods .
 i wanna smoke a cookie not a rock 
 i need to smoke a blunt to calm my nerves
 some of my girlfriends wanna have a movie night and smoke down  dm meeeeee asap 
 . . smoke now or wait on raven 
 . . you can never be too high  well smoke again when she gets here .. roll up 
 i rather be at work and get paid than smoke with someone whos 9 times out of 10 a fuck boy  plus  ive got better 
 i just want to smoke a fat blunt and watch netflix rn
 who wanna smoke im stressed
 my lunch breaks from work  i go home  smoke weed  throw some trap music on amp twerk the hate off me..  i go back high af amp 12 hood 
 i wanna go out and smoke this j but its raining  should i...
 bruh what  yall cant just smoke weed da regular waylike in a blunt lmao 
 all i can do rn is smoke.. ion wanna talk to nobody.. ion wanna see nobody
 wanna smoke with new people. who trynna match
 i just smoked a blunt with your boyfriend . .
 damn i wanna smoke
 cant wait to get this weed card
 with me at least when im upset  i just go smoke a blunt or take a ride in my car alone
 just waiting for my boyfriend to wake up from his nap so that we can smoke. 
 bout smoke blunt put headphones in and clear my brain
 @1997markovich fuck you couldnt get it movin 10mph without have to stop for a smoke
 anyone wanna smoke
 who wanna be my friend and just smoke and kick it.
 swear i cant wait to smoke lol  i just wanna let go of all the bs
 if you walk into king soopers with your weed leaf pajama suit on you can just turn around and go home.
 so tired i need someone to roll my blunt amp hold it for me while i smoke it lmao
 when i smoke an l or 2 a day i get more shit done
 idk if i wanna chill and smoke or just go to the gym
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and sit in my babys lap
 all my friends smoke except for ones back home 
 @proctorstype electric weed eat  earth crisis weed eat
 i wanna smoke but ion feel like rolling 
 lets smoke hmu 
 when u wanna smoke but got no piece 
 i wanna make vegan weed snickerdoodles
 yall smoke tabacoo with your weed cant relate
 i purposely save myself enough weed for the drive to go pick up more weed lol how sad
 perfect weather to smoke.
 bout to smoke a blunt  relax  and then go to bed 
 lets smoke a blunt and talk about how fucking atrocious our government  economy is
 i be so dead to the world after i smoke a blunt
 if i txt you wyd its not bc i wanna know what you are doing its bc im tryna smoke bish lol
 time to go smoke a joint
 you really dont wanna miss out on gp3  live music  art  free weed    this is not a 
 lets listen to thundercat and smoke some jazz cabbage
 im putting my lawyer on speed dial just incase i get smoked by baseball sized hail because class isnt cancelled tomorrow.
 when you wanna smoke gas but you prone to respiratory illnesses mylungs allergiesbegone
 no manager no portfolio but you wanna get paid    shit ill buy you lunch and smoke you out thats about it lol
 just wanna smoke  lay up  amp have intellectual conversations.
 so maggie almost ran me over backing out of my house and then goes i feel so bad were gonna have to smoke an extra bowl for that one 
 kyle i got a roach anyone wanna smoke 
 does anyone wanna smoke w me right now
 i cant eat unless i smoke 
 showing up to work late just so i can smoke this blunt
 welp before i get rid of all my weed and quit im gonna have to smoke myself into an oblivion for old times sake
 who wanna smoke
 jus gonna smoke ma problems away
  i got some weed for you   u wanna spark another one  i got you food  lets go shopping 
 i wanna get so high right now  as in smoke 2 or 3 dutches 
 took jamie on a night drive into the woods tonight to smoke a blunt  @jamiesynan
 i smoke  you smoke  we smoke  lets smoke  away we go
 i just want to smoke amp sleep.
 who wanna go to one stop and smokey toke
 just want to go home and smoke this true og 
 bats will wake up shortly. 2nd game of the year usually quiet in april theyll come. kb gonna smoke the ball and get 40 hrs eventually.
 in the mood to smoke a blunt and talk about my day
 if i postmates a pack of backwoods that shit gone be like 789.34..... im bout to eat the weed fuck it.
 @cannabisbiznews what if i say to them  fuck you .. and i smoke a joint anyway     im a shareholder ..
 got my food and weed for tomorrow because im really gonna be chilling all day 
 i wanna smoke a fat blunt so bad right now
 watsonville planning commission oks medical cannabis manufacturing facilities 
 im gonna have to smoke a blunt with my bitches before i leave friday
 i used to wanna pipe after i would smoke blunts but now all i wanna do after i smoke is sleep lol
 anyone wanna like smoke me out or somethin
 bout to take me a jacuzzi bubble bath smoke me a blunt n sip the hennessy that shud out me smooch out ogshyt 
 if youre gonna smoke please dont roll a fat blunt mom
 anyone wanna hang out and smoke some weed 
 @yunglofro ladies ... we can smoke   chill   eat    amp fuck   but why i gotta be your boyfriend to do that niggas
 if my smoke detector beeps one more gd time im gonna fucking smash it
 i wanna smoke a blunt w @tabisthuggin 
 when he dont ask u do u wanna smoke 
 i legit just heard one of the partners say  im about to go home amp smoke a bowl.. then  have me some dinner..  hahaha.. me too
 about to smoke this blunt all to myself
 if it goes down in flames   the smoke gonna spell my name
 cant wait to smoke this tomorrow morning
 i wanna smoke a blunt with daniel tosh
 just wanna smoke w oomf and lay up 
 get up go and smoke hookah  
 just wanna smoke and vibe with you 
 me amp eric smoke too much
 going to smoke a joint amp watch spirited away.
 im just ready to go home amp smokeeeee   fuckthe bullshit
 hit a bowl of weed in my rig now i needa clean it  currently smoking a blunt thoe yolo
 i just wanna fucken go home amp smoke . 
 gonna smoke a bowl bc i need it
 cant wait till i get to the point where we can smoke a blunt in my car amp talk bout shit
 gonna go for a drive and smoke
 wanna smoke but really dont wanna leave the crib
 i seriously cant just smoke a bowl and be happy. i need a blunt or a joint.
 i havent smoked in over a month and i cant really tell if i wanna stop for good or not.
 real shit best move ive made in college so far  i just roll one up smoke it and go about my day accordingly  
 ... im excited to smoke a bowl and eat a pizza after this competition 
 bout to smoke a blunt get some burritos yuh
 maaan i wanna go back to cali and get my weed card
 i wanna be able to share weed  the shit i love  with a woman i love. thatd be dope
 cant sleep  guess ill smoke this j
 bro all i was trynna do was smoke somethin after work to start my days off right but these niggas wanna race and shit bye im sleep
 i wanna smoke whatever you were smoking  
 she just wanna smoke n fuck  i said girl thats all that we dooooooo
 smoking weed everyday is fun and all until you dont have weed and cant sleep. 
 this bottom wanna get fucked and he want me to come to his hotel little do he know im just coming to smoke then im out. i got my nuts
 i just wanna shop until i drop and buy alll the weed
 alexis  sleep when we was suppose to wake back up amp smoke
 so annoyed i wanna go smoke ... also got class at 8 ... hmmm
 i was gonna smoke this blunt but now idk 
 same niggas ah smoke blunts wit cha see ya pictha now dey wanna wine cry n come amp get cha
 who wanna smoke @ 510 am
 i cant sleep im so annoyed amp i dont even wanna smoke
 so much anxiety smh i cnt wait to get to miami so i could smoke a blunt
 i wanna smoke a blunt 
 who tryna come through and smoke a blunt or two 
 fuck with me and get smoked or fuck wit me and smoke tooo
 should i smoke and sleep more or shower and eat breakfast 
 no one wanna smoke free blunts 
 smoking weed  he never wanna leave the house
 got up and smoked now back in bed
 im at tokyo smoke in toronto  on 
 all i wanna do is smoke and have good conversation 
 gotta go get my mind straight hurry up and roll the weed
 i cant wait to smoke and set up my fire stick after work
 or maybe weed is doing it for u  you wanna be greedy  get extra high. if you tryna get that high why not just die  and float up
 smoke weed in bed with me while we listen to some kendrick.
 if she aint talkin bout sucking or fucking this morning  she not bout to join this wake n bake  ill smoke alone.
 damn i just smoked my last blunt till friday 
 whos that blonde girl that goes to the high that smokes weed everyday
 gonna sell my soul so ill never have to pay for weed again
 if you want to go and get high with me smoke a l in the back in the benze ...... oh why must i feeel this waaay
 ion wanna smoke the tree i officially wanna  be the tree 
 i m off probation smoke me the fuck out 
 hits blunt  if a midget smoke weed will it get high or medium  
 i got a pink glass weed jar n its sooo cute but im afraid im gonna break it lol
 who tryna come scoop me from beaches and take me over by target ill smoke a blunt with ya
 alright i wanna smoke .
 i wanna smoke ... but i got a few bumps in the road at the moment
 anyone wanna smoke with me
 i wanna smoke just dont wanna roll 
 gon smoke the fattest blunt when i get home in 3 hours 
 bouta smoke  eat my cereal and then go to school.
  i wanna smoke .
 anyone wanna smoke
 only cute shorties get smoked out
 this type of weather makes me wish i had my apartment now and had endless supply of weed.
 cant wait to smoke my hookah 
 now im gonna go outside. then im gonna smoke some weed. outta your bag. and this is me doing it. 
 she just wanna smoke n fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 she just wanna smoke n fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 she just wanna smoke my broccoli.  that weed that weeeeeeeed 
 he say he wanna smoke i wanna fuck his sister
 who wanna come smoke out the bag wit me gotta bring baccwoods before u come upstairs tho...
 i hate niggas that always wanna smoke but never wanna match or put in
 i wanna smoke a mild 
 when i hang out with non smokers i dont know how to entertain them. wanna watch me roll
 i just wanna get off work and smoke some weed  clear my mind.
 i wanna smoke w new people
 bout to smoke a blunt wit my big head 
 lets smoke  i wanna kidnap all your snowflakes from msv 
 need a smoke break aka a blunt in me to get through the day
 just wanna smoke and listen too lucci.
 i be rolling fatties who wanna smoke 
 i got big weed waiting for me at home  im gonna smoke that  watch the real housewives and make a big meal mmmmmmhmm
 i cant wait to get out of work and just smoke a fattttyyyy and go to sleep....
 cannabis massage anyone in denver  a cannabis spa scene is starting to emerge  wellness beauty spa cannabis
 i wanna smoke
 how much weed goes in a blunt
 @jasmynn none amp what person wanna hide weed inna tire 
 everyone i wanna smoke with rn is working fmllll
 im going to have good food  drinks  and weed. i wanna see nothing but smiles and laughs.
 yo man said he wanna come smoke with me
 i just wanna get a room tonight smoke   drink   and fuck 
 all she wanna do is smoke blunts watch netflix and fuck amp im fine w that
 she said smoke me out hahaha fuck no 
 miranda told me to come over tonight and smoke in her garage with her and im already terrified that lynne and mike are gonna walk in
 im gonna smoke a cig after class liv
 you wanna smoke  nvm 
 psa if youve never smoked weed before hmu i wanna get you high.
 wanna smoke 
 one of you whites is gonna die doing some dumb shit with weed and fuck it up for everyone smh. as usual. 
 im gonna stay home quit my job and play call of duty and smoke weed and watch all the girls flock to me
 just wanna smoke but hate smoking alone
 gonna try and not smoke bowls for like 3 days once this sack runs out
 all i do is go to school  go to work  and smoke at home when im not doing either of those things.
 someone smoke a blunt w me rnnn
 fat smoke sesh bout to go down
 i really just wanna go get in my bad tub and smoke a blunt
 just wanna go home and smoke a facial but cant even do that 
 say she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 off work bouta smoke amp get my nails done while i wait for eric
 if were in a relationship amp you smoke without me . were broken up till further notice  naw fr tho @ksupreeme
 i wanna be that guy that doesnt get hired cuz i fail a drug test for cannabis but has a medical card and takes my case to the supreme court
 i wanna be that guy that doesnt get hired cuz i fail a drug test for cannabis but have a medical card and take my case to the supreme court
 perfect weather to smoke
 love work but damn im ready to go sit in a cafe and have some coffee and smoke my blunt
 love my job but damn im ready to go sit my ass in a cafe and have some coffee and smoke my blunt
 need someone to smoke this blunt and eat this pizza w me
 i just wanna smoke 
 @xoxalee we can go drink and then we can go to downtown and shit smoke some weed and what not 
 just tryna smoke a blunt with my wannabebae is that so wrong
 when your boyfriend comes home with weed for you
 @thenativegal go eat amp smoke a blunt  thats how i get over my irritation for a while
 dog to vet i cant stop shaking...  vet youve got barkinsons.  dog lolz gimme some weed  vet here chu go.
 do not fuck wit the federal  i go smoke on some medical
 oh you wanna smoke or you want some smoke
 aint shit todo but smoke and sleep rn 
 need someone to smoke me out fat in about 30 min
 i just wanna smoke
 my weed seedless  my trees leafless
 @thejordanavery really i wanna go smoke my ass off lol
 how you boutta ask someone if they wanna smoke and then go and say do you have weed and then when you say no they leave you on read
 i just wanna smoke amp watch fresh prince...
 aint smoke all damn day and sudana dont wanna roll up
 cant wait till 420 and no not to smoke but to go to the dells with my day ones 
 cant wait till 420 not to smoke but to go to the dells with my day ones 
 everybody wanna tell my mom a nigga smoke weed and kick it where i kick it so what bitch   snitchesk
 everyday my roommate comes home  he asks me if i wanna smoke
 my stomach is my ass and all this nigga wanna do is fuck and smoke  feed me first
 girls just wanna smoke up all ya weed and have a good time
 shitty day. and im almost out of bud. fuck this. i just wanna smoke.
 i just wanna smoke and thats it
 wanna smoke 
 when you take a nap after you smoke and you wake up at 4 in the afternoon knowing damn well you gotta be up in 12 hours for work.
 just wanna smoke and listen to good music.
 lmfaooooooo or you wanna smoke 
 i smoke a blunt and forget about you 
 i wanna smoke 
 izzy is asking me if the cop is gonna smell the weed  and i say ill smoke with you so if you go down we both go down
 so depressed dont even wanna smoke
 she say the weed hurt her chest 
 i popped a xan and just smoked a couple bowls. let the day begin now
 someone come smoke and go for a drive for me
 i feel good my nails did   amp im bout to smoke amp eat
 do you just want to eat snacks and lay in bed and smoke a bowl and watch a movie yes aiden pls ask as if thats not what weve been doing
 ima smoke a blunt fuck this.
 i baked cheesecake. now to smoke this joint and wait for it to get cold. 
 someone sleep over and smoke with me tonight
 all i do is work  sleep  ampamp smoke. depression has taken over my life. 
 i just wanna smoke some  watch spongebob all day
 i need to smoke a big fat l
 my chest hurts i need to smoke
 i have to smoke a face after work its mandatory dawg 
 holla fuck the world with my chest full of smoke 
 i jus wanna smoke and sleep man
 @boogietmusic i wanna love u and smoke u out
 just wanna fuck  watch movies and smoke some good weed.
 ugh i wanna smoke
 im bored as fuck and have no one to kick it with and no weed to smoke
 gets off work  wants to smoke while waiting for the train. cant smoke on the platform. cries. 
 some people drink  smoke  eat ice cream to relieve themselves i eat fruits.... but am i down 247 because i am always eating a fruit 
 i just wanna smoke my weed..
 debating whether i should smoke a joint or a blunt hmmm
 i came home and my friends had wine and weed waiting on me 
 finish this blunt.  smoke some cereal n bed time
 like whats next  whats that  whats up i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 i just wanted to hang out when i got off. thats why i had an attitude all night to get off. but i guess ill smoke alone and just go sleep
 i wanna cry i have nothing to smoke out of im stressed asf and most my only weed for my last fucking blunt
 i cant wait to get out of work and smoke a blunt  and kick back with my man @opt1mus61
 i just need a boo in my life whos gonna study with me then go smoke a joint with me while watching the sunset girlcandream
 just wanna have a big smoke session and meet new people at ucf
 these niggas be makin me wanna grow my own weed smh
 thunder which means smokeys gonna run and hide 
 when the weed man doesnt have weed n you wanna kys 
 whos tryn smoke blunt quick get the riller ill filler
 alright im gonna smoke tonight das it fuck it
 someone run away with me and we can bring a tent  some food  and weedampshrooms and lets just go on a kickass adventure bc fuck everything
 dying to get home from work so i can knock and smoke
 i miss my sister  just wanna smoke weed an drink henny with her  but she dont drink no more @naykardashh
 i wanna start being the plug again tbh tired of never having weed lol
 someone scoop me up  so we can smoke this bluntttttt.
 lets go smoke some jazz cigarettes
 why am im letting fuck shit get to me  if i smoke this  bud i gon forget you  
 off work  picking my roosters up. go home shower and smoke. and chill
 when im bored i just smoke get food  and go to sleep
 i smoke i drink i go to mother eric fucking church 
 backwood full of 3 grams blowing smoke ho   bashani brim 
 anybody wanna smoke
 how guys ask girls to hangout hey wanna smoke 
 sometimes i wanna ride and smoke  sometimes i got money and still feel broke
 sometimes i wanna ride and smoke sometimes i got money and still feel broke
 summers coming at least ill have nice weather to walk home and smoke to.
 let me go outside amp smoke this blunt
 all i want is to smoke a blunt after today
 i just want to get off work smoke a blunt and finish 13 reasons why 930 wya
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 i want to smoke a blunt
 ima go to hell wit just me myself amp all my smokes
 hmu if you wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke a blunt w @amrezyyy shebad
 fuck the police... im gonna smoke my weed
 and ion deal with nobody till i smoke my blunt 
 the second i can smoke im just going to make a tray of fire edibles and eat until i get a migraine or knock the fuck out
 cant wait to smoke all my cigs 
 thats actually what im about to do. go to the store  smoke amp watch videos until i go back to sleep.
 we got alot of soil to move around tomorrow so we can cut these weeds 
 love is having a blunt rolled up and ready for us to smoke when i see you head ass 
 i wanna smoke and l and get some cheeks and go to sleep 
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girls thats all that we do
 i just wanna smokee
 one of my weed and gonna call me up asking do his bags be looking skimpy then get mad when i say yea
 bro  chill out  drink some hennessy  smoke a blunt  itll be okay  gas always goes up this time of year it just is 
 i wanna smoke an extendooooo
 fuck around get smoked.
 im tryna smoke this blunt before i lay downnnn
 smoked a blunt of wake up on the couch  confused by what century it is  weed
 i wanna smoke
 i wanna get high on some weed rn
 carmel blunt wrap and binge watching some weeds is all i need rn 
 i wanna smoke my weed  listen to my music  throw my parties  without some bitch with a stick up her ass living above me
 do you roll the l before u get in the shower and smoke after or roll and smoke after the shower 
 all i do is go to class  smoke  and chill
 i just wanna smoke till i pass out. but i cant bc the landlord is coming tomorrow and if the house smells like that well have issues 
 this wind gonna blow my weed smoke all the way to hall 3
 who coming too smoke w me at work 
 solo this blunt or someone smoke it with me
 im out of weed and poor what ever am i gonna do 
 i real life dont feel like rolling this blunt but i wanna smoke
 i always roll a joint and then smoke it an hour later smh i get so distracted lmao
 kinda ready for bed.. kinda wanna smoke again 
 can you roll this weed and make me perfect blunts.
 i wanna smoke in bed 
 who wants to smoke a blunt with meeeeee
 quite frankly  if you dont smoke  we cant talk 
 out in the truck to smoke amp im hearing shit in the bushes next to the truck 
 when you want to smoke a blunt but youre to lazy to roll up
 whos down to smoke 4 ls on me.
 niggas wanna link but actually wanna fuck but bitches just tryna finesse a meal and smoke weed.
 i wanna smoke  i cant sleep.
 im tryna wait for everyone to go mimis so i can do my facial n smokeeeee
 bout 2 smoke some 6 year old weed fuck wit me 
 just wanna go for a long drive and smoke a fat blunt.
 i feel like crying. i wanna smoke
 ive been trying to smoke a blunt all fuckin day
 i wanna learn how to do death drop miss ganja @ the captains boil 
 all we do is smoke and fuck 
 so i smoked  so basically i only smoke at night and wake n bake ... im limiting myself im not completely gonna quit  smh 
 i wanna smoke a bunt
 im gonna have hella shit to do at work tomorrow and i cant smoke. this is truly basura
 im for real gonna try to not smoke weed until may. yall wish me luck
 ive been in bed for 2 hours and woken up 263736 times thanks to the horrible people below me and their marijuana. im so ready to move.
 i need a bf who will run to tbell at this hour while i roll a blunt so when he gets back we can smoke  eat amp cuddle 
 like whats next  whats that  whats up. i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck mikestud
 um........ anybody wanna smoke tmrw
 so used to being up all night wit smoke i cant sleep
 gonna roll up to my exs and smoke all his fuckin weed
 i wanna smoke and see the lights tomorrow with someone 
 me and jon are the only couple that wakes up in the middle of the night  smoke an l  then go back to sleep 
 i wanna smoke a blunt but i need this money for cali 
 are you uh  gonna smoke that
 after you been in the weeds at work @bigmac925 @jorge2saucy  lmao 
 fuck them all     lets smoke purple gas.
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 just wanna smoke a blunt and ko tbh.
 just seen a pic of some fire weed amp wanna kms cuz im not smoking it rn
 but yeah that 9 hrs shift got my toes numb let me smoke this blunt an go to sleep
 i wanna go to bed but i also wanna smoke a joint
 want some head while rolling a blunt  wanna smoke 
 just woke up outa no where. bouta smoke this blunt amp listen to sum ashanti. 
 ig smoke this l to the face and go back to sleep.
 just wanna find someone i can smoke and joke with ..
 i just wanna go home and smoke then sleep
 i just wanna roll up  smoke and sleep 
 finna go smoke me a blunt 
 just wanna smoke and cuddle and eat lots of food and lay in bed forever like a lazy little jerk
 fuck you thought you was gonna smoke..... dick 
 meech bro why cant u just smoke a blunt this uncalled for  
  i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck 
 im at tokyo smoke in toronto  on 
 badly . wassup w  a link up dawg you bsin you dont wanna smoke da gas 
 this that lay up amp smoke weather
 im gonna move away and have my own weed farm 
 ima roll up  smoke that and ko again
 i do what i wanna   so i smoke so much marijuana
 all i wanna do is smoke blunts with logann and here i am about to leave for work 
 what you mean you aint gonna smoke this shit with me
 lets go smoke again  @mxlxnie
 fuck you and your feelings. smoke a blunt amp get over it  bitch
 i smoke a blunt in the morning i smoke a blunt after that
 imma let this be a weed free day
 i wanna get high tonight. i havent smoked in months. 
 i smoked a bowl before work today and now i can hear literally every mouse click on my floor. this is nerve wracking
 i wanna smoke
 ima take your girl then smoke you out
 pull up on her fuck her smoke her out then we back to the crib
 i either need to punch this nigga in the throat or smoke a blunt
 hate a person that always wanna smoke but never wanna match..
 i just wanna smoke a fat ass blunt with my nigga and forget about all the bs. just like the old days. all this bs shit aint worth it tbh.
 you fuck around you  fuck around you fuck arounddddd get smokedd. 
 to smoke before work or not eh ill probz get lazy
 nissan sanmarcos is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 let me hurry up so i can smoke before i go to school.
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 all i wanna do is smoke amp eat
 @poppamwarbux thanks papa. gonna cop a mickeys smoke a blunt and laff
 holla f the world with my chest full of smoke 
 sigh i wanna smoke 
 about to smoke this blunt to myself 
  lets go look for some weed and enjoy this 10000000
 im gonna go smoke some devils lettuce real quick. 
 staffer you cant smoke in here sir  boehner takes a long drag  dare you to get paul ryan down here and see 
 @xavierwulf are you gonna be at the 420 smokers club thing
 fuck going to work  if i cant smoke a blunt in between im over it thats my mindset now
 have you every tried smoked pork belly dipped in cornmeal batter  fried  and served on a stick bbq porkbelly 
 @iveseenyourvajj boolin come smoke a bleez w me
 i always tell myself why not smoke another bowl before bed and wake up filled with regret
 my weeds are gonna die
 cant wait to smoke a bowl that test was killer
 im bouta just smoke this black in my room its too cold to move from my bed
 a good day to smoke chill and lay by the pool
 if u and ur girl are arguing jus chill out and go smoke weed or sum instead of escalating the problem
 i cant wait to smoke a blunt on my porch in the mornings and listen to the birds while on snapchat lol
 tfw your cigarette smoke blows back at you and so does your ash. damn wind
 cant wait to smoke after work
 you can tell i smoke a blunt if you look into me eyes.
 omggggg i dont wanna walk i need a ride there and back and a car to smoke out before i eat my food 
 lets stay up late and smoke a j.. i wanna go back to the old way.. but im drunk instead with a full ash tray
 tbh all i wanna do is smoke 
 okay seriously if youre gonna kill someone over them shorting you on weed then your priorities are fuuuuuucked
 i have an hour break. i should go home and smoke 
 really wish i knew somebody that was down to goto this pop up 420 meal thats only 200 dollars with weed pairings in the lay
 i got to go smoke a cig like now
 this shitty ass weed got me super lazy n sleepy.
 i wanna meet me some aliens... maybe smoke a lil pot with them
 someone come over and eat this bacon and smoke sum bowls with me 
 when someones cig smoke blows right into my face uk its just gonna be that kinda day
 anybody wanna smoke a blunt when im off
 i just wanna smoke till i pass out .
 cant wait to go home n smoke that wack ass reggie blunt
 cant wait to go home  smoke with my bestfriend and cuddle
 bout to go smoke a blunt
 i wanna smoke
 i just wanna smoke but nicole wont wake her fucking ass up what the fuck
 if i can smoke its no go  f suckstobeyou 
 @xoxalee girl i smoked a fat ass blunt to myself i was like holy shit im stoned lol
 backwoods trash only good to face  and i only smoke them cause nobody gon complain if you roll a wood 
 i wanna smoke n cuddle n nap 
 i might miss ya   but watch me smoke this blunt amp forget cha.
 yo if u want smoke me n @bigasslightskin  gon be outside all day smokin tree tellin at hobos
 i smoke my blunt and forget about raggedy ass hoes.
 today is suuuuuuch a lay on the couches and smoke hella tree and dabs kinda day
 got a nice raspberry kush joint waiting to get smoked
 ima do this and i am gonna smoke on 420 
 i just wanna smoke amp eat good 
 bud kushions  sewn amp grown in the usa   the worlds first marijuana bud shaped pillow 
 they tell us we cant smoke there but we do anyway because we smoke anywhere we go
 i wanna smoke 
 clone room. @ broken coast cannabis 
 cant wait to smoke a blunt after  this gym session
 dont wanna smile wanna smoke listen to my shit on ma own 
 bruh i just need a couple friends who are down to smoke a fat ass blunt at 3 am amp talk about how fucked up this life is. 
 cant wait to get off work and smoke some routers
 dont wanna do anything but eat smoke amp drink today oh and i need a nap
 if you smoke with me you know i roll fat blunts only
 i just wanna go home and smoke some chicken and drank beer till tomorrow
 im bored  im tryina kick it amp by kick it i mean sit around and smoke
 if you get a sore stomach just lay down andor have a smoke
 and if you get a sore tummy just lay down andor have a smoke  
 i swear  i can only eat if i smoke... and i love to eat.... so guess what i get high all mfingggg day. 
 will never understand the people that will go out their way to smoke outside in shitty weather
 im that smoke me out bitch they warned you about.
 cant eat if i dont smoke 
 cant smoke weed to it  i dont wanna hear it
 i smoke a blunt in the morning  i smoke a blunt after that
 im gonna smoke the fattest perso tonight and im pretty lit about it
 fuck i have a bowl in my car and weed and my dad is in it rn omfg why am i like dis
 cant wait to get off and smoke smh.
 baby girl just wanna smoke a pound  do an ounce  get some dick tell her friends about it.
 ima smoke me a blunt when i get off
 my daddy talking bout you wanna smoke one w me 
 roll me up and smoke me when i die 
 just got back from phoenix az im living the adventure life grabbing a bite to eat then head back home to cortez and get some weed 
 as wind shifts from n to ne this evening  some smoke from flint hills burning will drift into greater wichita. 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt amp go on a lil cruise 
 ill smoke you out  then eat you out and take you out to eat..... nom nom 
 about to go home and cook then smoke .. 
 anyone wanna smoke a blunt
 and if i smoke this blunt boy im gon forget you 
 i wanna smoke a fat blunt of some chronic tonight
 honestly  all i want to do is smoke a blunt w @jenny69. thats all
 who wanna  smoke kk moomrocks
 xbox just entertained me for all of 20 min. dont wanna smoke. spotify gettin dry.
 let me just smoke this bowl so i can stop being sad
 @hasherroth i decided to eat and then smoke  but ill probably eat again... then smoke again 
 toyotaofboerne is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 eric delko using drugs no way.  oh my god yall its weed chill 
 pull and smoke this fat blunt wit me
 cant wait to get done work take a dab and smoke an l to the face 
 whos up amp down to smoke an early mornin bowl w me
 weather now smoke  66f  11 mph north wind. 
 you just wanna smoke and shit
 nah when i smoke blunt i really be forgetting bout chuuu
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 i wish i could fuck  smoke weed amp sleep all day but i gotta get this money.
 few clouds gt smoke temperature up 62f gt 70f humidity down 67 gt 37 wind 5mph gt 16mph
 psa if youre gonna smoke on your snap story do me a favor and inhale whatever youre smoking because i promise you look so dumb otherwise
 cant wait to get my own place by the summer so i could clap some ass cheeks as loud as i want and smoke blunts from the comfort of my bed
 .@chelseaclinton missiles are even more dangerous than weed  @chelseaclinton
 i need to smoke a blunt . my nerves done got bad 
 wake up and smoke or keep sleeping current dilemma
 went home early to smoke a fat blunt   just to realize i was out of bud  happy friday 
 who wanna link right now  listen to some unreleased music and smoke blunts 
 who wanna link right now  listen to some unreleased music and smoke blunts 
 we gon blow smoke in the sky till we cant open our eyes
 cant wait to get back to the crib and smoke myself to sleep.
 lmaooooo all because i didnt wanna smoke  
 if someone meets me up at my job when i go on break u can smoke this blunt with me
 anyone got weed that isnt at work
 kinda wanna go buy another pack of cigarettes  kinda never wanna smoke another one in my life.
 weather now smoke  70f  16 mph north wind. 
 she said she wanna roll with me   and smoke up all my weed
 when the office has smoke pork sandwiches... calling an emergency chest day gains
 roll with my day 1s  smoke till my day comes
 im stuck here at work and i just wanna go home and smoke a fatty 
 i want to smoke a cigar on the beach today
 you cant smoke got it. go away etc .
 early day at work someone lets smoke
 gonna smoke dis lil bowl real quick and begin my day
 j wanna smoke a fattie wit my love 
 anyone wanna smoke a blunt im asking for a friend
 grass and thyroid function effect of marijuana use on thyroid function and autoimmunity.malhotra sonali thyroid. fe 
 some one smoke dis  blunt  w me
 i also smoked in my dream and i woke up ready to go sweat that shit out
 mondaywoke up  smoked a blunt tuesdaywoke up  smoked a blunt wednesdaywoke up  smoked a blunt todaywoke up smoked a blunt groundhogday
 i just wanna smoke and cuddle to sleep 
 coloradans 21 can grow up to six marijuana plants in the privacy of their home  with three plants flowering at onc 
 im read for today to be over so i can eat good asf get some drinks smoke some woods got damn
 mumbles gonna smoke about this tonight
 i wanna smoke a blunt and fall asleep watch movies with ya.
 when ya girl wanna go out this weekend but you spent all ya money on jordans and weed 
 i cant wait to smoke a blunt tomorrow ... lol thats my reward   no smoking during the week only on the weekend 
 early flowering trees  shrubs  and weeds  like this flowering apricot  are important winter food 
 i just wanna smoke amp a lip bet not touch my shit nor ask
 day off of work  music   weed nap  music. repeat
 i need movers cause all these niggas wanna do is smoke
 who the fuck has weed
 who the fuck has weed
 the weeds gon we mourn at night
 just landed in the city  all i wanna do is smoke amp eat.
 i literally be like no weed oh well till mf wanna raise their voice in my direction. 
 niggas just dont want me to be great   all they wanna do is chill amp smoke me out. pls stop.
 smoke my reefer amp go bout my day 
 been out of smokes for 3 days and im ready to die
 how you not gonna smoke those js all the way 
 just waking up  gonna shower   smoke  grub then get ready for work
 alright man im tryna smoke a blunt lol
 what. the. fuck. kk now whos gonna tweet at me saying this is the same as obama smoking weed when he was younger 
 i wanna smoke with snoop dogg
 i fucking love rihanna  i wanna smoke with her.
 its not about the size of your chest girl  its those lungs that got me hook. you smoke with the best of them
 im just tryna get out this bitch and smoke a blunt 
 anyone wanna bring me weed amp tea ill pay you 
 @50nsexy2014 i cant give up dairy. i love quesadilla. you can get milk from hemp  cashews  rice  etc. theres alternatives out there.
 i cant wait till its warm out again so i can wake up and go smoke a cig in my boxers
 say fuck it  too late now. and go smoke a nice puro with a bottle of wine 
 ready to get off work so i can smoke  
 my mom came back from the dp all happy and told me  you wanna smoke some bomb weed me  yeah imma watch magic mike rn 
 my mom came back from the dp all happy and told me  you wanna smoke some bomb weed me  yeah imma watch magic mike rn 
 who wan smoke 
 watch out shes gonna smoke 1 weed and kill the work lets arrest her 
 if you tell my family i smoke theyre gonna laugh at you because they already know.. tellin on my is pointless bc im an open book 
 @snoopdogg i just wanna smoke with you one time fam. i know you know we know we can make this happen
 i just wanna go home and smoke  eat  then sleep.
 @spacejesusbass yo lets smoke a blunt before your show tonight
 fuck 420 im smoking now.  @theweeknd   high for this todays smoke song. 
 who wanna smoke
 guess ill just smoke and go to bed hahahah i have no friends
 cant wait to go home so i can smoke all by myself  i miss facing blunts  
 i just want to smoke a fat ass blunt rn
 i b sad   smoke a blunt then forget why i was even upset 
 @hippychic471 @shittm2 aint nobody gonna lace weed with anything that could kill them  chill bruh 
 after this shower  im gonna smoke me a nice fat blunt 
 lmao my dawg harry really wanna cook for the weed. my nigga
 ready to smoke these fat ass blunts
 i packed this bowl for two...im gonna wanna smoke it with you
 @jthuggz she goes on her smoke sesh everyday during break
 youre so skinny you all cheesy wanna smoke   
 i just wanna smoke a fat sack of dro amp get lost in my own thoughts cant even be found in my own dome 
 all i ever wanna do is smoke a blunt amp watch family guy 
 @mmasonxxx holy smokes 
 listening to ryan bingham makes me wanna go smoke a carton of marlboro reds and drink a fifth of whiskey
 damn lets smoke a blunt 
 about to smoke this l amp do some home work 
 @lautncr no  i wanna go home and take a bath and smoke im not busy  just waiting for my dad whenever he decides to get here. are you at
 just wanna smoke im aggy
 just wanna smoke a blunt with you  and talk about life
 i smoke blunts with you and you eat ass nigga 
 unsafe synthetic marijuana 
 gurbs always wanna smoke for da free...better hit yo knees before u hit this tree u aint put in green  
 getting ready for a beer pairing with piggy back smoke shack this is gonna be good 
 cant wait till i get out of work so i can smoke amp hit the gym
 i just wanna smoke amp fuck
 pay day must be tomorrow  because so.e of the smokers at my work ran out of cigs.  there staying 4 lunch like holly fuck ice breaker much
 damn the time i really wanna smoke 
 damn i wanna smoke so bad
 i just wanna ride in my ride with my top down  smoke weed with my niggas
 ion smoke but if you accidentally pass me a blunt imma accidentally hit that hoe
 ash trays  keep your smoke friendly home clean   ashtrays designs 420 trays keepitclean smoke 
 whatbringsmejoy wake up  get fabulous  go to work  come home  have some beers  smoke some weed  sleep and repeat.
 i just wanna smoke some weed man
 still gone eat  sleep and smoke good 
 does anyone wanna do weed with jab and i
 @afroslim i just smoke marinara
 30 for 30 freestyle makes me wanna smoke a blunt while sipping wine in a turtleneck by the fireplace.
 gon go home n smoke a personal.
 lets smoke a blunt amp vibe to slow jazz
 my sister came in and said marissa i love you. do you wanna smoke 
 ready to get home so i can smoke 
 who wanna smoke 
 but guess what..................................  you think im not gonna smoke tonight you got another thing coming b...
 ill talk to high schoolers till im 30 like hey i have alcohol and weed. im the man
 i was so excited to smoke this joint omw home from the gym amp im still so smacked that i completely forgot about it amp now im almost home smh
 i come home  feed ziggy and go out to smoke. instead of eating his food  he sits at the door and cries for me to come back. poor baby cat
 i wanna smoke and grab sum to eat.
 had a great workout now im about to eat and smoke good 
 cant wait to smoke a blunt with my boys tomorrow haha
 i just wanna lay my head on someones chest that smells like weed and eat hot pockets
 mels talking away to smokey and she wont lay down to go to bed so im like ok melody shes like what i just wanna talk  gotobed
 @foxbusiness bridges that need repair or landscaping a whole array of things their gonna get it and smoke it anyway so it might as well help
 and i wanna smoke but i got these pills and a margarita
 when i smoke this blunt girl imma forget about you
 i work my ass off then smoke my ass off
 itd be dope if we could go to other planets and just smoke mad blunts
 i wanna smoke with oomf
 i smoked such a fat j to make me forget about white supremacy
 some people just need to smoke a bowl and chill the fuck out
 my mom smokes the fuck downnnn 
 we fucking get it..u smoke. i dont wanna see 100 snaps a day of u lighting a blunt  snapping at 420pmam  or dabbing. we fucking get it.
 n sheon even smoke she jus hit it when she light it   she ma weed roller
 n sheon even smoke she jus hit it once when she light it   she ma weed roller
 i just a wanna rap and smoke good weed
 damn i wanna smoke
 fina smoke and go home
 ugh  i have the worst cramps of life  i just wanna cuddle austin  smoke  eat food  and fall asleep to his cuddles
 im just tryna smoke a bowl amp ko but plugs always wanna be so unreliable 
 yes i wanna go to the mountains amp smoke amp chill in the snow 
 im trynna smoke amp go eat
 and get to see my other half  smoke then sleep  
 finna go home roll up smoke and ko after i just pulled this double at work
 i want to smoke a blunt 
 if she aint pretty she cant ride with me if she aint got ass i dont wanna smash weed so good i dont wanna pass it
 my brother in law and sister and i have been trying to get my mom to go to bed for hours so we can smoke a blunt. how old are we again
 im bout to go smoke fuck this shiiiiitttt
 the sopranos make me wanna eat and mad men makes me wanna smoke.
 pass me the blunt. i just wanna smoke my problems away...
 chill in your fav lingerie  smoke a blunt or a cig and jst eat some sunflower seeds.  lifeeee lol
 wow i chose a bad day to stop smoking  because what do i really wanna do rn smoke 
 so you wanna smoke or
 jus wanna smoke 
 so what if i smoke a little weed or go fast and go in mud in my truck  you both did worse shit in high school so fuck off
 3 of 5 freshly rubbed and injected butts going in for a long overnight smoke bath   gonna be some good bbq 
 just wanna smoke good and sleep better
 just smoked now time for to go to sleep.
 i wanna smoke
 bout to smoke a joint and watch drink champs
 i just want smoke my gas in peace and plot on my next move
 the fuck kinda good is the weed in ur nails gonna do bitch this is dumb af 
 just tryna smoke a blunt....
 @mattmenendez1 u wanna smoke an l
 why did i take a 2 12 hour nap earlier knowing i have no weed to help me sleep lololol 
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 i wanna smoke again 
 tonights plans smoke a bowl  put on a funny movie  eat some oreos  and pass tf out.
 i just wanna smoke man 
 i just wanna smoke weed but none of yall are bout it
 of course this is what blunt force is  cuz well smoke you on any joint
 syds album is a certified you can fuck or smoke to it type album
 and if i smoke this bunt im gon forget you
 i cant wait to travel   smoke good weed and eat exotic foood with the girl of my dreams
 went to cusso crib for weed ion wanna smoke nomo.
 to get up and go to the gas station to get wraps or to just smoke a joint these are the real questions
 anyone tryna match on some dope smoke wit jivan and i 
 fuck needles fuck smoke  fuck lines that make the sinus choke  fuck chaser  trails  fuck raves and rails  fuck hangovers fuck hallucinations
 cant smoke nomore but its for a good reason  just wait on it
 she she wanna do is smoke that broccoli
 you say you wanna smoke with a real one .. 
 i dead ass wanna smoke with oomf lets so whos weed is the loudest
 about to smoke a face and get ready for bed 
 hes like so you aint gonna smoke me up damn you already finished you half oz foo smoke me up dont be bitch i got dabs
 i can never just smoke and go to sleep. i always stay up late af high 
 @v45ana we gotta take sammy and smokey to the park one day. smokey getting fat. he needs go out for a run
 someone wanna smoke 5 gs
 the fact i can smoke a fat dutch and then just go lay in bed without of any worries of someone coming in  is honestly the fucking best
 gonna give big seans new album a listen for the first time as i smoke this b4 bed toe blunt
 saggin and my ass showin mami and the cops knowin all i wanna do is smoke a blunt  let it bump
 should i go smoke   go to a bonfire or just go gym lol
 just tryna smoke amp cuddle 
 wait a minute  roll up the weed
 i just wanna smoke   eat a cookout tray and doze off.
 im bout to roll me one up amp smoke.
 communists vs nazis. i just wanna smoke weed and wander through the record store.
 about to listen to big seans new album smoke a blunt amp im out idecided
 i wanna smoke but not alone .... smh ill just sleep 
 wanna smoke 
 whos tryna come over n smoke hookah
 gonna smoke a bowl then im out
 up late bout 2 take a smoke break
 this is when weed come into play so i can sleep
 ive taken xans smoked a blunt and woke up not knowing what happened shit like that good for sleep but niggas try function off that shit
 bout to go home smoke an l and watch some trailer park boys. 
 i told @audionilla i didnt wanna smoke anymore because im sleepy.. but now  i wanna leave my house to get food 
 just be wanting to smoke amp lay up.
 i always smoke when i wake up and before i sleep
 im really just trying to smoke  eat amp go to sleep
 lets go on a burn ride  doesnt even smoke weed
 wait a minute...hold up its me  wait a minute...... roll up the weed 
 all this legal weed and people wanna smoke cigarettes in the club 
 @famousdex yo im shooting your show tomorrow in atx  you smoke js  woods  or blunts so i know what to bring
 i wanna smoke
 i just wanna smoke amp go back to sleep
 now ion got no choice but to smoke before bed. fuck.
 juss wanna smoke  amp cuddle 
 you dont wanna get weed at 4 am from a plug thats not yours.. yall seen what happened to smokey in friday
 someday i wanna have a garden with sunflowers and marigolds and wooly worms   and i can watch the worms while i pull weeds
 i always tell these niggas aint no point of coming over if you only gonna smoke one blunt 
 come to the sesh uninvited   with no weed and see how sad yo ass be lol not hiting my blunt 
 wish i had a plug rn i wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke im bored as hell
 this nigga gonna bring reggie to the smoke session 
 our listing for air bed and breakfast is that a discount price funhousela  wake up and smoke to 
 me wow  im gonna smoke a bowl and go to bed.  brain get emotional about your ex for the first time in months.
 more importantly  peep smokepurpp in the back. this is gonna be a crazy ass banger 
 soon as i get home im up. fuck this. need to go get some weed and face one
 someone wanna come smoke this joint w me i just need papers
 depressed i dont have any weed this morning
 rising sun battles sea smoke 
 i went to sleep early asf  see das that weed  idk why it make me sleepy. 
 its friday . amp i was supposed to wake up for work early but im actually late   but i get to smoke amp drink when im off im excited 
 this weed is hella decent. too loud for u
 you know its some gas when you smoke before you go to bed and you wake up and your hair is still loud asf
 shower eat n smoke  goodmorning someone wanna go get some breakfast 
 day off and up early whats everyone up to today who wants to come smoke and chill and eat lol
 lol valentines day i just wanna smoke eat and yeah 
 my number is 6149580753 if you wanna just talk   or smoke and chill etc or need guidance and wisdom  indra jesus thoth thor neo uchiha 29
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke  up all my weed 
 how tf u gonna smoke that 
 fuuuuck i wanna go back to that smoke shop 
 when you wanna vent but who cares about what you think so imma just smoke this l to the face
 i will smoke someone out if they give me a ride home
 this that smoke and cuddle weather.
 at mac demarco its basically gonna be sponsored by marlboro and im the only one that doesnt smoke
 give her ears to listen and a bowl to smoke 
 how is it that in my life when something goes wrong . everything goes wrong all at once . im beyond sad. i need to smoke a bowl. now. 
 lets smoke a blunt amp chill and watch movies all day
 the fact my mom just let me smoke this blunt in the car with her 
 all i want to do is smoke a blunt but my friends are the ones who roll for me 
 its weed wrapped around the blunt 
 anyone wanna double date w me amp chris later  smoke some weed amp eat some food 
 chill smoke a blunt girl 
 i just wanna smoke
 im gonna finesse home dude out of his weed just wait
 but no really i wanna smoke a blunt 
 45 mins in ft with adri   tryna make moves..realized theres never shit to do around here but smoke ... so we gve up looking amp smoked
 finna smoke then take a nap  imma grumpy ass nigga today
 drinking lean and smoking weed aint for everybody. wanna be down asses 
 i just wanna chill and smoke some..
 in so much pain and all i wanna do is smoke and cant even do that bc a f dt  tf is that shit thestruggle
 watch 2 lawyers from tx sing dont eat your weed  
 ima smoke till i pass out when i get home
 i been on sean since roll weed time so let me enjoy this
 i love the weather today ready to just smoke up and listen to some music
 i jus wanna smoke
 it makes me wanna smoke.....
 probably one of my favorite things is just to lay up watch some movie  eat some munchies  smoke a blunt and just cuddle and grab the booty 
 can somebody deliver me weed im gonna have an anxiety attack probably
 laying in bed smokin weed till noon  only getting up to go to the nail shop my kinda day off
 fresh smoked tuna dip. lifeisgood eatlocal eat food foodie visitmscoast eatlocal 
 guess ill smoke and chill and get ready for work tomorrow 
 guess ill smoke and chill and get ready for work tomorrow 
 there is a few people i wanna smoke with before i take a long break
 @karaphinney lmfaoooo oh god dramatic lol. lmk if u wanna smoke before work mrs pre bday
 i wanna start smoking weed cause no lie a lot of stuff that shouldnt be getting to me gets to me.
 i just want to smoke a blunt and chill... today has not been my day..
 i want to roll a blunt and get tacos but im broke and low on weedz so basically im just gonna kill myself
 every time i go to work i yell this aaahhhhhhh fuck work. and then smoke a bowl and go
 i just want to cuddle w @jaidenepperson amp smoke 
 when you wanna smoke a fat blunt then you remember you have to take a drug test smh
 i cant wait until marijuana is completely legalized in illinois. im tired of getting judgemental looks because i wanna toke this bowl now
 just wanna smoke amp chill tonight.. whos down
 imma go smoke some more weed.
 think imma go grab some weed amp watch new edition
 i get to leave work early  i get paid today  and i have weed to smoke on the drive home. happy mf friday indeed
 im balling they mad i smoke a blunt then laugh
 i wanna smoke some weed so bad 
 work  weights  drinks  good weed  guns and friends fuck the rest
 before i die i wanna smoke one w @wizkhalifa
 anyone wanna smoke a blunt an get food
 only smoke pressure  
 @mrbytetv cant wait to smoke all of these fourhundredtwenty
 lmk if u wanna get smoked at mini golf...                .           .     .        .         . .
 i just wanna smoke yall out and show you around oakland before the show tonight  @killermike @therealelp @runjewels
 fuck it  smoke.
 i wish i had plans tonight. but im just going to smoke a blunt  order dominos  and sketch the weekend away.
 i wanna smoke with @etheeereal
 somebody come over and smoke hookah with smoke hookah htx
 @uro weeds and californication were really good but im warning u showtime shows sometimes get worse as they go on
 i needa go to the atm fuck the weed man gon be there
 now i just wanna smoke amp take a good ass nap 
 i just want to smoke a blunt and go to sleep.
 my dog maryjane im a smoke a blunt for you girl 
 i just wanna smoke my black dude
 goes out to eat with girlfriends parents  pretends to smoke a fry
 right. niggas always wanna smoke but never wanna contribute  
 when he asks wanna smoke @zorrbet11 
 i dont wanna do drugs. just smoke weed get drunk
 i just wanna ride in my ride with the top down  and smoke weed with my niggas
 waiting for my discounted weed delivery while i eat my philly cheesesteak. i really dont want to go back to work
 say she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed 
 imma roll me a big fatty and smoke that while i watch netflix by myself on vday
 @donlagreca @realmichaelkay @rosenbergradio what will happen if someone at the super bowl party smokes during halftime in michaels backyard
 i show up at work  get handed my paycheck  then my manager tells me to go have a great birthday and to smoke a bleeze for him 
 lets smoke and lay up and listing to the rain
 broken clouds gt smoke temperature down 61f gt 58f humidity down 72 gt 71 wind 14mph gt 10mph
 i cant wait to smoke a bowl 
 i have some bomb girl scout cookies but no one to smoke it with 
 they dont wanna start this beef man. you need money to beef. but its free smoke so im with whatever they niggas wanna be on
 im about to smoke a fat ol blunt on the way to work
 way to cold outside ... just wanna smoke and chilll
 in need of a valentine to chill eat chocolate and smoke a blunt with
 who wanna smoke some cantaloupe
 couldnt sleep so i smoked a blunt n now im sleepy
 im debating if i even wanna stop at the grocery store im fiending to smoke so bad. but munchies.
 i dont even smoke that much and i wanna order one 
 what do you wanna smoke
 usmnt playing jamaica. are we gonna beat em no  were gonna smoke em seewhatididthere
 i wanna get really pretty and go smoke
 and if i smoke this blunt imma forget you
 lay off the ganja 
 how do people snapchat  smoke an l  and drive... like what the fuck
 about to smoke to make myself eat.
 i wanna smoke
 lets just fuck and smoke some weed  amp lets forget about somethings.
 the most relaxing part of the day is when i could smoke a blunt  chill and listen to music with my cats outside.
 i just wanna go for a ride down to the beach with my bff amp smoke a bowl
 @willwatson yall still do outkaw watch parties at smokeampbarrell
 wanna smoke so bad rn but im chillin
 giving out free smoke to anyone that wanna try and talk down  let me fucking know 
 getting the egg ready for an allnight smoke flueswideopen 
 college is laying in bed taking a nap @ 7 pm amp hearing the smoke alarm go off and not getting up lmao
 2018 im going to go buy weed while i wait for my weed to grow
 2 types of people in this world. i either wanna smoke a blunt with you or stick my middle finger in your eye socket.
 finally its friday you dont got work in the morning come chill and smoke and listen to our live dj  and dont forget byob.
 i wanna smoke 
 i just wanna smoke weed in the rain
 i just wanna lay up in bed  smoke  eat and watch movies......whys thats so hard
 today has been a horrible day for me but fuck it im about to smoke my lil life away 
 if its not weed i dont wanna do it.
 all this boy does is wanna smoke up my weed foh
 who wanna smoke haha
 same goes for next time i wanna fall in love. someone needs to step up and smoke me in the jaw  amp tell me to make better decisions
 so we gonna argue over weed bc that is a good reason 
 bruh im gonna start selling weed and get that card reader for my phone
 do you wanna marijuana @madiiii23 @claudiahouseman
 im on probation  i cant smoke too much
 dont smoke cigs around my dog u can wait till shes gone its not gonna kill u
 tonisha stay going to sleep i wanna smoke
 im jus wanna smoke and lay up  das it.
 no smoke no smoke ur boys dont wanna smoke
 wanna smoke and lay up  but dont nobody fwm
 i just want to smoke and go to sleep. fuck today.
 go eat a snickers and smoke a blunt. youll be fine   
 does anyone here smoke wwd @kbsmoke lol
 im just trynna chill and smoke some blunt and drank
 anyone wanna smoke w me 
 for valentines day i just wanna cook my man a good home cooked meal  smoke maybe grab a bottle and just lay up 
 today has been a long day. im ready to go home   take a bath   smoke a blunt and maybe sip a lil drank 
 long day  i just wanna smoke
 jst want to smoke a blunt rn.
 kinda wanna make weed jello shots for the party tomorrow 
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli
 who wants to home over and smoke some smarties
 ive counted  bagged and put away almost 40k worth of weed in 2 days.... ya girl is ready to see @loudpvck and to drink my ass off tonight
 i wanna smoke weed and watch true crime documentaries with you
 i cant wait to leave work  so i can hit the gym  amp smoke a blunt after that 
 anyone wanna trade me weed for pre workout
 you make me wanna smoke more.
 imma walk to his job and smoke the rest of this jay
 when i die  crumble me in a joint and smoke me up 
 i just want to go home  smoke a blunt amp sleep 
 i so just wanna go home smoke and watch nikita  ty jesus for the sweet coworkers in my life who give me rides home 
 let me just smoke this blunt
 ok but me and colton started bc he got so high his nerves were gone and he could finally dm me and talk to me. weed brought us together
 trump gonna end wic next amp then babies gonna be cryin cuz they mom breast milk taste like weed amp loosies  
 i just rlly wanna smoke but i cant bc im tryna get this job 
 whole squad staying home to smoke weed amp watch bill maher cause washed lifewhat else am i gonna do im in michigan
 how is it legal to smoke cigs and get alcohol but a girl cant enjoy a damn joint 
 she said she wanna roll w me and smoke up all my weed...
 would be nice if we smoked a blunt and cuddle  
 i just smoked a blunt with your boyfriend
 why did i smoke 5 joints today
 i think my dads gonna smoke w us
 bout to smoke a good blunt 1st so this shit can be extra special  
 who gonna smoke with me  im bored as fucki got some henny too
 cant wait to get home and smoke this good bud 
 she gon drink and smoke and fuck  a triple threat
 kinda wanna go to sf tonight and drive around and smoke but i doubt @ferrismueller will want to because hell be the one driving of course
 i wanna smoke
 thinking i was gonna get pulled over when i have no insurance and weed in the car damn near made me wanna kms lol
 wanna smoke
 should i go out amp die or stay home and smoke amp watch movies 
 i wanna smoke but i dont have rillos 
 she say she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 hate not having a boy to cuddle order pizza  watch a movie and smoke a blunt anymore
 @therealjuicyj whats it gonna take for me to get to smoke with you when you come to tulsa dream pleasemakeithappen
 why does no one wanna smoke rn lol
 i wish i could smoke a blunt every night before i go to sleep 
 i just smoked a blunt w your girlfrienddd  
 i just wanna smoke. im frustrated
 ill be over after i smoke this blunt because huntyyyyy im bored  
 tonight was a complete l so does anyone wanna smoke
 im going to bed after i eat...he gotta smoke his self to sleep....poorbaby
 wanna smoke but i needs stay clean 
 fuck trump  smoke a blunt. smoke a blunt with ur beautiful face. ur beautiful. fuck trump tho  very stoned boy on the common last night
 left yings just to go home and drink more so i can smoke inside at my warm bar in the basement
 sauted my shrimp in cannabis butter and olive oil lmao lets see how this goes
 anyone wanna smoke i dont wanna chief by my lonesome
 kinda wanna smoke some more 
 all i wanna do is smoke 
 bout to smoke a good blunt 1st so this shit can be extra special  
 i just wanna smoke tonight thats all 
 anyone wanna smoke a cigar
 i wanna smoke a blunt man 
 really just wanna smoke a blunt and listen to depeche mode
 gonna smoke and drink my body weight lbs
 guess im just gon smoke this wood to the face 
 i can smoke a bowl and make a bowl
 i wanna smoke my reefa amp enjoy how lifes supposed to treat ya.
 @maaaariaah you know i cant sleep if i dont smoke
 wanna smoke some meth
 about to smoke the fattest blunt an forget everything that happened today  an come back an win this last 3v3 1nd and get a 2peat in deagles
 time 2 smoke a blunt
 wanna be happy drink some  smoke some  go home and poke some 
 dont wanna smoke alone
 who wants to smoke a blunt
 i wanna smoke a blunt amp go to bed 
 i wish someone would smoke a blunt with me i cant sleep
 i wish someone would smoke a blunt with me i cant sleep
 just wanna smoke this blunt and lay up w my man alreadyyyyyy
 i just wana smoke a blunt  cuddle  get my booty rubbed amp go to sleep 
 lol yess i just smoked a blunt
 i just be wanting to kick back and smoke and chill
 if you move to l.a the two things you will do often is eat carne asada tacos all day amp smoke good loud 
 trying to smoke a fat ass backwood rn
 all hyped to watch a movie and smoke with my girls and kaylee puts on high school musical  smh
 bro theyre so cute i just wanna hug them  honestly me too... i wanna smoke this weed yeah me too
 i just woke up from my high nap.... and i smoked at 430 lmaooo
 @sheeaneedham go smoke
 kinda wanna start a fire and listen to i decided outside but ion know if i feel like smelling smoke lol
 i wanna smoke and go to crave  i always forget i dont have friends here lol.
 none of my friends wanna smoke w me lmao  ill smoke a fat ass blunt wo yall then 
 i cant sleep because i decided to sleep all day and i just wish i could smoke 
 time to drive around and smoke
 let me go smoke lol
 he put me to work tell me to roll his weed up amp i bett not roll a skimp
 ehh what can u do but just smoke weed and not care people always gonna fuck over the nice ones
 who in lr wanna scoop me and drop me off for 10 if its a female 10 amp ill smoke a dick with you
 cant wait for my brother to get home and smoke with me 
 just wanna smoke some weeeeeeeddddd 
 go home  smoke a bowl and sleeeeep
 bout to smoke some then hit the bed. get ready for work tomorrow.
 when you and bae hop out your sleep like lets smoke a blunt  
 me i cant wait to sleep  brother i got weed lets smoke  me whats sleep 
 i have to be at my other job @ 830  should smoke when i get home 
 this is what happens when you smoke a fat fucking blunt 
 give me a ride home and ill smoke you out
 i work at 9 am but im still awake. drunk. smokin some weed in bed 
 niggas smoked 1 blunt 
 if u like to smoke weed  dont stay at this hotel. i just went to madagascar n back to smoke one bowl
 now im gonna smoke this pre roll i got from this medi
 sometimes you just have to get up  pack a bowl of weed and eat 2 pieces of chocolate at 4am
 im high and i wanna smoke and go to sleep 
 i was just gonna smoke to ah shit
 too lazy to go smoke some ganj
 wanna know how i know you smoke weed 
 too cold to go out to the garage for a smoke  helping me quit yeaaa
  ... this thing is so damn good i wanna put it in my pipe and smoke it
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 if i smoke no telling how long ill go back to sleep 
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 anyone in scottsdale wanna sell me some weed
 go smoke a cig i guess but that garage colder than a muuhfuckin igloo
 i wish my dad would like weed  id roll us a fat as joint right about now.
 i wish my pops would like weed  id roll us a fat ass joint right about now.
 already late to work so fuck it im smoke this blunt
 i drove allllllllll the way home n failed to realize i forgot my weed. should i drive back 
 imma get a beautiful ass woman randomly one day duck off watch tv make babies and smoke hella weed.
 i cant wait to get off ima smoke one of the fattest ls i had in a while
 bout to go home smoke amp sleep til next week
 i was in weed coma till now lol best sleep i ever had love you jane..
 i hate riding with people who smoke. there is no consideration for the people in the back seat. 33deg and yall wanna roll the window down
 just wanna smoke and palm some ass this morning
 i just wanna smoke good weed wit a bad bitch..
 bellerin dead or nah holy smokes. also  arsenal gonna arsenal
 no one to smoke this am blunt with
 i wanna watch the super bowl somewhere where i can smoke  fuck watching that jawn with my family
 lol niggas can grow up to 12 marijuana trees in their homes why i take soo long to come back  
 finally home from work  time to smoke and watch some mob psycho 100
 but first im gonna smoke this bowl
 wanna lay up smoke and vibe with my lil shorty
 anybody wanna buy this urban decay naked smokey palette i have 
 man  i should have a plate of pussy to eat after i smoke this bowl
 all these hoes wanna do is smoke
 i just wanna smoke my weed now
 wow im hung over but i left my weed in bowie. am i gonna die
 girls who smoke with all their clothes on while there at home are really dudes.....
 i just need somebody chill. that dont be extra shit. just wanna chill n smoke.
 i smoke a whole lottaaa weeed
 me when i know im gonna smoke @lnball @dirtydan 
 @vidakahlo jus smoke
 wanna smoke but also wanna have the energy to clean tf outta my room 
 finally about to smoke this blunt and pass the fuck out
 bout to just eat and smoke good all day
 all i wanna do is go home amp smoke a bowl 
 wanna eat but gotta smoke first so who tf matchin
 bout to smoke no one wanna smoke this bean with ya boy 
 the perfect saturday morning hangover cure smoked salmon pastrami benedict on brioche at the 
 all niggas wanna do is smoke   drink henny  and be broke 
 mom was complaining about not having weed amp being sick but when i told her i had some she goes great im coming over  lets go to lunch
 i wanna buy some weed  but i wanna smoke someone elses lol
 today is the type of day i wanna smoke an l with a nice ass view and good vibes
 ya mcm cant eat the breakfast you cooked this morning cause he aint got weed to smoke first.
 home alone for 2 days and cady works so i guess i just gotta have fatty smoke sessions by myself 
 i just wanna lay in bed and smoke a blunt with my bestfriends. fuck work
 i just wanna go home and smoke a blunt and ill fight anyone who tries to stop me 
 lets go drink a free out by the water and smoke some and just enjoy the little things.. anyone down..
 im trynna smoke a blunt amp drink some henny
 i just wanna smoke in general. but fuck this tolerance break 
 lol he wanna mess up the whole day because he cant smoke annoying af.
 i just wanna roll this weed and smoke it with a young tinderoni
 i cant eat but ima smoke me ah zip resteazyvonte
 if anyone wanna be my valentine  i like weed and chocolatefuck the flowers lmao
 i wanna run away  then i remember im an adult amphave responsibilities and obligations that need my tending to.  but u go smoke another bowl
 i really be sad when i smoke all my weed 
 when pittsburgh bars allow you to smoke so you wake up smelling like a damn ash tray. gross
 i need to get out of bed and smoke a bowl but my bed is like quicksand 
 roll my weed up
 daniel what do you wanna do today uncle darrell uncle idk but right now imma smoke my bowl. 
 lmfao im breaking up some bud and the stems and leaves get thrown off the table and this bitch sighs  like she wanna smoke that shit too
 who tryna smoke charlotte uncc
 u just wanna smoke w us 
 i wanna smoke
 cant decide if i wanna smoke or drink but i cant do both ill b sleep somewhere
 where ya money at we gon smoke a hunnit sacks
 and smoke bowls  @b101burr 
 wanna smoke a blunt 
 na you gotta get some more and smoke the day away lol 
 @enriquemenaa9 omg i was gonna say lets smoke
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke all my weed
 i just wanna lay in bed all day and smoke. lol
 @johnarmbruster @espnmcgee marys gonna be upset when those 2 barrel roll 27 times amp smoke fills the diner. shell ask you to leave.
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 fuck a bitch with my headphones on smoke then i head home 
 who wants to smoke a blunt jus bring me a cigar 
 bitches wanna get smoked out for free so bad  that it cost them some pussy and depression.
 meh i got time to kill. anyone wanna smoke a blunt
 me im not smoking anymore  kenidee wanna smoke also me 
 deleted post. would anyone wanna smoke a j instead hue
 wait a minute hold up its me  wait a minute rollup the weed.
 just want a boy to smoke a joint amp listen to sampha with
 me lets go outside and smoke  rain 
 just want you to come over smoke a joint amp listen to sampha w me
 tryna eat n smoke then sleep
 he say he wanna smoke i wanna fuck his sister
 wait this nigga smoke a blunt at the fashion show  
 i need a girl to roll the blunt  to smoke with me
 im just gonna smoke.
 its my day off  lets smoke up 
 i keep everything neutral i just wanna smoke a leaf
 why did i smoke before work
 i wanna smoke but not by myself.
 just want to sit on the beach and smoke a blunt while thinking bout my life
 yall im at work and i need weed. who gonna look out one t
 just smoked lint out of my dab rig and im fucking blaz3d 
 she can roll up weed amp she goes both ways 
 current mood...  @ smoke tree stables 
 just gone smoke then go to sleep
 when u have s blunt and no one to smoke with 
 im way too high  im really uncomfortable   i cant believe i spilled all my marijuana liquid in my mouth  i cant move im stuck in bed
 i wanna smoke but then ima really be hungry 
 when i dont have school all i do is sleep n smoke
 i wanna cuddle but i guess ill smoke weed instead
 she wanna smoke my dope aye let her smoke my dope.
  this nigga said you wanna cut some weeds.. yet all i heard was wanna smoke some weed
 i just wanna smoke blunts all day and forget about the world  but unfortunately we all live in this planet called reality
 i cant wait to shower and smoke the biggest bowl in life  and just be dead to the world for the rest of the night
 really slid to house during my lunch to get my weed lol
 i just smoked a blunt with your boyfriend
 im just gonna smoke some hookah and sip and get outta my feelings asap
 pretty sure im gonna die of second hand smoke 
 all i smoke is loud yea its gonna blast in your ear
 kinda wanna light up a couple smokes  kinda want some crown mixed in my coke
 i will prolly come out here once or twice a month jus to smoke bud
 finna smoke amp go eat wit my luv
 i wanna do is smoke and kick back like bruce lee.
 i wanna smoke but im @ some family function help
 i wanna smoke
 i really really really really wanna smoke 
 i need to smoke again roll one up tonight
 anyone wanna drink dope and smoke beer
 pussy weed and alcohol plus dat cash go wit it
 kinda glad i ate before i came home cause look like all they wanna do is smoke smoke smoke bitch when do yall eat damn so aggravating
 cant wait to smoke this blunt after six flags and eat 
 whos tryna smoke a blunt
 wanna see what happens when you sit in an enclosed room while two mfs hitting the weed  
 @nipame how you gonna smoke in front of my house lol
 i need tortilla soup  weed and cuddles
 somebody give me sum to do im bored and i wanna smoke a blunt
 just wanna smoke and chill . 
 i just wanna tag along with the host of munchies for 1 episode and experience cooking with weed. @imyourkid
 i wanna try weed brownies again.
 all i wanna do is smoke a lil weed and forget about my past...
 nah but really  where tf rih @ @rihanna girl. if you in houston i wanna smoke and wine a lil with you baby. 
 should of smoked pitt in the 09 bowl 
 god damn. i wanna smoke what they were smoking this is iconic 
 i wanna have a smoke session tonight
 i wanna die in a bed of weed  mine is gonna be a bag of bricks ya feel me  
 i wanna smoke a joint with lip gallagher
 im bout to smoke 
 keola wore pajamas to school next time he does that someone tell him to go to the smoke pit since he wanna dress like them
 damn  secondhand smoke is so fantastic as a pivot. squadgoals
 bout to smoke this l then slump 
 i want my neck to be kissed on while i smoke this blunt
 gonna take a hot bath  smoke a joint  and ignore the giant cloud of existential dread consuming my life 
 ltprincessleia2gt caffine is much less deadly tho ltmykbevgt not if you smoke it
 i cant wait to smoke my first blunt after 9 months lol its going to be amazing 
 my mom the goat cause shes gonna grow my weed plants for me 
 how much yall wanna bet @lenaluhuffsglue isnt texting back cuz shes deep in a weed nap
 imma smoke a bowl about it. 
 i keep everything neutral i just wanna smoke a leaf
 whats next whats that whats up i just wanna chill drank smoke fuck 
 i wonder how many moms cant wait to put their kids to bed just so they can shower and smoke a blunt lol.
 just want to smoke my blunt
 my life makes me want to smoke weed. im gonna smoke some weed. hows that for some stimulation bye
 let your hair blow in the breeze and roll some bomb ass weed @wizkhalifa 
 i guess no one wants to smoke a joint with me 
 i just want smoke and go eat tacos.
 if you move the squad to a car and then they smoke some bud accurate 
 i cant wait to smoke this blunt
 lets smoke and lay up
 tomorrow should be a nice little get together to watch the game  smoke and eat yummy food
 i wanna smokeeee
 all we do is smoke and fuck
 these poo ass wanna be weed man.be blowing me
 lmao i have to wait to smoke gr8
 i rather smoke  cook myself something yummy  amp watch tv or movies at home.
 gets weed  me chest bump  t not with ts titties 
 fish market was good asf.  head home  smoke one  then get ready for church in the a.m. 
 just wanna lay up and smoke
 cant wait to get off and smoke then go lay in iyanah bed
 i jus smoked a blunt witcha gf
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 i want to smoke a fat blunt and eat about 10 chicken ring sandwiches from white castle 
 ride around with nun to do  who wanna smoke gas
 i wanna smoke and cuddle 
 @maadimarie i just saw this  i miss you too im gonna pick uo tn so hmu when your free and well smoke
 i just wanna smoke a bowl and watch mean girls
 i just wanna smoke amp sip then talk about life with shorty
 gonna smoke a blip and hit these books for the night
 i just wanna smoke and drive around
 all i did today was smoke  sleep amp watch south park. i had a pretty chill day.
 i wanna smoke with my parents once i leave the military
 i just wanna count bandz amp smoke dope 
 wants to stay awake and smoke more  needs to sleep because have to be up early.... y is this my life
 anyone wanna come over and be lazy with us bring snacks amp weed.
 i just woke up from a weed nap
 me and my mom bout to smoke a bowl
 i jus wanna rub on a thick ass and smoke my fucking lungs off lol
 i just wanna chill  smoke  drink  and be cool 
 really just wanna go to a view and smoke a blunt
 i just wanna smoke some weed
 after that call imma smoke that blunt rn
 tryna smoke a blunt but austin is being so complicated
 i ate  i should smoke and go back to sleep 
 i just wanna smoke a fat blunt on a rooftop alone right now
 we are proud to support project22  an effort to educate vets on treating ptsd with cannabis. visit 
 ill smoke crack before i eat it
 he needs to go smoke a blunt amp chill tf out
 i just wanna smoke my dope
 beach or get a hotel room and drink amp smoke 
 whats next whats that whats up  @itsriccotho @derekcouture2nd @nickfleetwood  @mikeybarone   i just wanna chill drink  smoke  fuck
 i wonder when my moms gonna find out i smoked her blunt before i moved out lmao
 about to smoke these blunts then take my ass to sleep
 yeah.. i am not in the mood really for anyone  besides one certain person..buuttttt ijw go home  smoke  read amp sleep 
 tomorrow i just want to watch the super bowl and smoke a bowl.
 anyone wanna link and smoke
 forget the telly we just go to the crib and watch a movie in the jacuzzi smoke ls while you do me
 if youre gonna plant a rose  expect some weeds to grow
 i just smoked a blunt wit yo nigga
 lets smoke a blunt or two
 @draconiansdevil fuck you liar. but your jamaican so there is no intelligence with you. go smoke a doobie and shut the fuck up
 im just not gonna smoke til i move back home cus uh these mfs taxin
 i just wanna smoke 
 ew drink tonight when all i wanna do is smokeeeee
 just wanna smoke and cuddle 
 ew drinking tonight when all i wanna do is smokeeeee
 hey hi hello  who is not at datsik and wants to smoke some marijuana with me
 its rare when i wanna smoke weed but ive been wanting to for the longest now.
 not sleepy  cant watch mad men  no alcohol  nobody to talk to  cant smoke  and its too cold to take a walk. 
 i wanna chill and smoke  but then again i wanna be adventurous and drink 
 i hate when im at a party and i smoke bc i just want to go to sleep z
 i need to smoke  my nerves so bad rn
 go home smoke eat pizza and knock tf out 
 i cant fw nobody till i smoke my blunt
 all everyone wants to do lately is drink and smoke and tbh i just wanna eat my weight in chicken nuggets and watch hannah montana
 im tryn smoke sum gelato
 i wanna drink  i wanna smoke.  i feel depressed
 i want to cuddle and smoke
 if i dont smoke a blunt before bed  i wont be able to sleep
 i jus need some weed
 i just wanna cuddle  smoke and listen to @6lack
 when you broke down the weed and didnt think what you were gonna roll it in  so you mad and wanna make it known. 
 so sick of weed  gonna go back to drinking.
 current roll up session 420 moonrocks most potent weed on earth bout to fire  up in 
 i wanna smoke but i know thats a dub at this time
 @greggutfeld  we cant have a day off  how are you gonna get a pack of smokes the next day of everyone is off   think
 mom.... i just come home and smoke a lot of weed and go night night
 but imma smoke this blunt and forget about you 
 rolled a fat ass blunt but nobody to smoke it wit
 this freeway smells like weed. seriously me and my cousin wanna pull over and get high off this highway in delano 
 wanna smoke amp get my back blown out.
 lets smoke @famousdex
 its about that time... rainy day in eugene  smoke sesh at home or go out lets hear it oregon @jslounge
 all i do is now stay home and smoke  fuck this weather.
 i wanna smoke
 that frustration when you wanna smoke but dont have any weed 
 i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 would love to chill w my smoke but ion wanna get him sick 
 its so much shit i just wanna vent but  now aint the time. just gonna smoke and cope.
 im so high that idont wanna smoke nomore
 i just wanna chill drink smoke fuckkkk
 i cant roll while im high so i always end up rolling them all before i smoke. 
 chase is wont let me roll are wood.... so bout to go smoke this shell i guess 
 someone ft while i smoke this blunt
 my momma need to hurry up and come get on this pallet and lay down  trynna be slick and go smoke
 i should just go smoke this joint solo
 i just wanna smoke n be laid up rn 
 who wanna smoke i need to vent to someone
 just trying to enjoy a smoke before bed and i get a drunk on my back patio 2 times.
 never ever smoked a blunt by myself beforeeee.. sadddddd
 i still wanna smoke more 
 who wanna smoke rn im bored
 305 am and im stuck at frat with no ride but they have hella weed so im just sittin pretty 
 wish i had a blunt to smoke so i can go to sleep lol
 get you a boy you can just kick it with. smoke a backwood and talk about your day type shit
 she just wanna smoke  and fuck 
 people passing  quicker then i pass the weed
 i just want to smoke and cuddle 
 just smoked my headache away fuck ya
 didnt drink or smoke tonight was to ready to get home to kelsey
 roll the da@n weed
 move to this upscale area and all the pussy is sleep... where my women that like to get naked and smoke one sexy bitch needed
 fuck your mixtape  thats a weed plate
 im so hurt because all i wanna do rn is smoke a blunt but i live in dry ass lemoore where the connects dont like to make shmoney so 
 feelings hurt im ready to get off n smoke so i can sleep good
 its three and imma go smoke a newport...
 i just wanna smoke 
 i smoke to solve any and everything head hurt smoke. cant sleep smoke. stomach hurt smoke. got cheated on smoke.
 i wanna fight my weedman. thats how good the weed was. omg. lol
 i wanna smoke a wood
 recently ive been preferring to stay at home  watch tv  drink and smoke. ive been a bit anti social but we all go through phases.
 @jamicelovesyou lmfao  exactly. he know damn well hes gonna hear me talk shit the whole game. i hope they get smoked
 i want some weed and donuts and take my ass to sleep
 im really innocent...all i do is go to school  work  and smoke a lil weed lol
 we miss you  jon . youre gonna have to smoke a bowl and watch some mma fights with us.  @jonstewarthbo 
 if you cant smoke with her take her out to eat take her to get her nails done you doin sum wrong g
 about to go home and get my cut and smoke myself to sleep 
 the sun is shining and its a great day so far  gonna smoke a blunt while walking the dogs 
 im going to smoke weed and lay in bed l day. happysunday
 i havent smoked a blunt in so long im a v happy girl rn
 lets go get breakfast then smoke.
 @1m0rtal when you wake up come over and lets smokeeee
 i dont really care about football much less the super bowl i just wanna smoke weed and get littty
 prolly gonna smoke hookah and drink tea 
 anyways  i rather just order sum pizza lay up amp smoke instead of goin to a super bowl party but who am i kidding lol
 you not a true dealer if you sell someone bud and wanna smoke the same bud you just sold to them . naaaah b match up or somethingggg
 i really just wanna smoke one amp go get food later but my friends never wanna do nun 
 watch her pop dat pussy and smoke this blunt lol
 who trying to get food and smoke and chill
 some 1 smoke a blunt w me for 5
 i need my niggas  good beer good food good smoke amp pretty ladies around me for the super bowl
 t roll that killa weed up in a swisher and make it as fat as a pig in a blanket.
 find someone with morals  goals  gets their shit done but will smoke a blunt with you before bed 
 i wanna go here   smoke a l where hes standing and have a hot large cup of hot chocolate  
 fuck 2k da booty wings and weedies cant go nowhere 
 as soon as we drove back in from charlotte i went into smoke gear. 
 happy 2 say i only smoke cigarettes when i drink now. gonna be not at all soon.
 sip henny smoke weed and watch this super bowl is the plan today
 when they ask who wanna smoke and disregard ur involvement even tho its ur lighter  @sidagee 
 just wana lay up wit shawty amp smoke hella dope while we watch the super bowl later but a nigga wifeless.
 tbh i wanna be able to smoke  drink by my lonely in my room every other night .
 my back hurts. i just wanna stay home  smoke  and do fun super bowl stufff.
 i just wanna smoke all this pain away. i hate love.
 ever gotten so high that youre dump smells like weed the next morning
 hes still gonna smoke the ne defense 
 .@tylersbarbeque gonna smoke with mesquite for the first time today. taking some of your tips along for the ride. bbq
 whats a super bowl and where can i smoke one
 want to go drive around n smoke but i dknt want to leave my bed lol
 just wanna smoke a big ass blunt.. eat hot wingz.. and be nasty with my girl  watching my boys get a dub. superbowl
 gonna smoke some salmon @ boonsboro  maryland 
 dont talk to me till i smoke my morning blunt
 pay day is tomorrow and i can buy more weed but im sad because im out 
 can wait to smoke this super bowl
 going through my vintage book collection to weed some out. but there are some i simply cant let go of. 
 mannnnn i just wanna smoke a bowl   but im stranded at my own house  i hate not having a car ...
 the days that i dont smoke before i sleep i wake up in the most irritable of moods. im sorry for anyone that has to deal witg me today
 just wanna cuddle   smoke and watch the super bowl ...  any takers 
 im gonna get a fat ass weed leaf tatted on my face
 someone go to the park w me and smoke a blunt
 if i dont have a super bowl to smoke during the super bowl  im gonna be pissed
 jus wanna smoke a few blunts  drink a few brews  eat some chicken and enjoy the super bowl
 if u wanna watch super bowl at my place lmk jus bring alcohol weed or blunts
 this is what lifes about yall  moments where you wake up with a hangover   eat   smoke   lay in bed and watch the parent trap
 all i wanna do today is smoke eat wings and prolly pizza and drink a little 
 i want to go to the beach and eat tacos and just chill and smoke and talk about life
 ah shit when i win governor im gonna bump this @nas hatemenow all morning long. maybe smoke one for the gods.
 after you over someone they always wanna come back on some we shit bitch the only we i know is the we in weed . foh 
 super bowl sunday schedule  1. smoke loud. 2. watch suoer bowl 3. smoke more loud 4. take a nap 5. wake up and roll loud
 super bowl sunday schedule  1. smoke loud. 2. watch super bowl 3. smoke more loud 4. take a nap 5. wake up and roll loud
 wish i could smoke a nice blunt rn to take everything im feeling rn away omg
 might just smoke and watch the super bowl by myself
 how can you have a super bowl wo weed sale on joints and weed 7g and up  so grab something to nice to smoke up to cheer on your team.
 when you smoke a fat blunt and your parents tell you that you have a doctor appointment coming up soon 
 todays the type of day to just smoke and chill
 i need weed but i got the kid amp we home alone
 my mom asked do you want smoked meat i heard do you wanna smoke weed 
 dive in  take a breath... blow the smoke through the hole in my chest... still choking on the 
 gonna finish this cig. smoke some weed. drink a beer. made some dip for the fooseball game. go falcons read damned. 
 i do not fuck with the federals  i just go smoke on some medical
 my ass goes home for my hour lunch  smoke and hang out with my dog  then go back to work to eat and chill.
 5k run this morning makes up for the brunch and jazz goodness to start the afternoon. @ smoke 
 cant wait to smoke this super bowl 
 smoke good weed  eat good  fuck good 
 waiting on my sister to call me i need to smoke. fuck around and go get my own shit.
 i want to smoke a blunt and take a nap.
 just wanna smoke and watch the game thats all
 yesterday i had my blunt ready to roll up weed perfectly aligned then trinity elbows me and drops all the weed 
 no bull  tryn smoke and eat good while watching this game
 i just really want some wine  smoke amp some food . i dont wanna go no damn where 
 lets smoke before the super bowl 
 i be wanting to go back to dallas till i realize aint notging to do but smoke and go to town east 
 wish i had a bae so we can lay up eat smoke and watch the super bowl
 guys if you smoke go smoke now and tune into the 2017 puppy bowl cause is fantastic
 damn i left the weed at home 
 every time i see your name @bigdaddycane420  i wanna break up some bud and smoke it
 im gonna go no smoke pot
 my grandpa goes you came extra to a family event just to walk around the house  eat  and smoke a blunt 
 i need to smoke but i dont wanna move
 lemme get dressed so i can go smoke. 
 up in smoke  f madeinbaltimore @ latrobe homes  baltimore 
 just looking for that girl to get mad stoned with  adventure  eat a fuck ton  and take hella weed naps. that too much to ask for
 someone whose always down to smoke and go out to eat gtgtgtgt
 fuck a super bowl  i got 9 super blunts waiting to be smoked fuck you mean.
 told myself yesterday i wasnt gonna smoke today but goddamn do i want a joint and music
 @tyronem07172460 @halleybordercol go smoke a blunt
 fucking lazy ass weed men
 my mom just asked me what the songs was that goes like said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed ...
 my mom just asked me what the song was that goes like said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed ...
 ima just eat and smoke hookah and not pay attention to bumass football
 all you do is lay in bed watch movies and smoke weed sounds awesome to me. so. 
 its super bowl sunday   im just tryna eat my pizza amp smoke a blunt dang
 lets stay up late and smoke a jay i wanna go back to the old way but im drunk and still with a full ashtray with a 
 they gonna be here at 530 amp im all on twitter. byeee  weed otw
 man if you ride wit a nigga and he say sum shit like gimme something to roll this weed on just knw that nigga broke take him home
 just wanna smoke
 we bout to smoke a super bowl gang
 this bitch wan smoke all my weed 
 cant wait to smoke my super bowl xd
 i just want to smoke a joint and eat some good food
 na u cant smoke an edible hush 
 i wanna smoke rn.
 got the house super cleaned  cooked a good dinner  now gonna make me a margarita  smoke some  amp paint. goodday
 fuck the super bowl where the weed at
 dont smoke in bed
 happy super bowl smoke a bowl
 i dont wanna drink  i wanna smoke. 
 should i wake him up to smoke 
 i just wanna smoke n eat 
 i said i wasnt gonna smoke i smelt that loud n relapsed 
 only drugs i touch are weed n katy perry occasionally thats.. it
 when im older im gonna be the friend to throw super bowl parties and we can smoke in my backyard before and itll be lit. picturing it now
 over work rn trynna smoke a goddamn super bowl
 tryna smoke a super bowl n talk about surfin
 you ever hear about people who cant walk then they smoke weed and can walk @kwenner3
 i wanna go smoke but i also got the best seat in the house lmaoooo
 i... cant wait to smoke them all 
 all i do is go to class  work  and smoke my weed 
 gonna smoke a bowl in the bath with my lush bath bomb. i love when my parents are away
 i just wanna smoke and kick back relax with good snacks and shit
 if the patriots win ill smoke a blunt after the game and if the falcons win ill smoke a blunt after the game
 if this dog eat my weed again its a wrap
 cant wait to get home and smoke a super bowl
 the only superbowl i care about is the one im gonna smoke later
 bout to get ignored for the next couple hours while the game on so might as well smoke and go to sleep
 real weed heads eat their stems no balls
 i look fat and i cant smoke or eat anything good this is the worst weekend of my lyfeee
 beer runs  football and weed @ edinburg municipal park in edinburg  tx 
 cant wait for halftime to go have a smoke and take a lady poopoo
 who wanna come scoop me amp smoke  
 tip dont go out to smoke a cigarette during the super bowl youll miss a touchdown 
 i just wanna smoke and vibe
 i cant wait to get home i aint smoked all damn day
 hmm to watch the puppy bowl  super bowl  or smoke a bowl... decisions decisions.
  she roll the weed good and she a big freak 
 if the patriots win im gonna pull a @txbrad98 and go have a meal and smoke with a homeless person
 i wanna smoke me a super bowl.  timehop reminds me that i make this joke every year. 
 friend you wanna smoke another me 
 @jermlikespie @ianxcarlos i need a smoke and a martini if im gonna keep reading this pettiness
 any patriots fans wanna smoke this blunt with me  
 i bet 100 blunt smoke a blunt tonight superbowl offseason
 cant wait for the day when medicinal marijuana ads are broadcasted and prescription pill ads go away
 i just fill my chest up with marijuana smoke whenever my heart is broken
 im tryna smoke a blunt with martha stewart
 getting off work amp i just wanna smoke a blunt w oomf and cuddle 
 ya weed out in mass is trashhhhh  dutch maters aint where its at cant wait to go home and smoke some good gass with sheets and funnel
 i only roll with him so i can smoke up all his weed. hes asking me to fuck but bitch i do not fuck for free
 why is it so hard to find a guy to watch football  smokedrink  and eat pizza with
 @realdonaldtrump very sad  we need to fight this we knew these people were dug into our country  gonna take time to weed them out maga
 just finna smoke by my lonesome and go to sleep
 cant wait to smoke a blunt
 i would rather smoke glue than watch the super bowl lol
 okay so im counting down on cigs im only gonna smoke 6 cigs a day.
 hungry but dont wanna drive   wanna smoke but dont feel like rollin up 
 holy smokes i leave one party to go home...20min. get home amp game is tied
 the only super bowl i give a fuck about is a bowl full of cereal or a bowl full of weed
 just wanna smoke my life away rn
 finna pop a perc and smoke dis gas. fuck football
 im about to smoke a blunt fuck the bullshit
 too lazy to go outside and smoke this joint
 gonna smoke a fat joint when i get home thank you tom brady im thankful for growing up in new england go pats
 wanna smoke a blunt but dont feel like arguing with my mom so i guess i just wont sleep tonight lol
 bout to smoke a blunt.. fuck probation
 i see your super bowl and i raise this super blunt featuring a hemp wrap  thin mint girls scout 
 i just wanna smoke with t 
 just lay back on the bed  watch some tv  smoke some blunts n just relax with good company..
 while i smoke a blunt and lay here 
 i know yall wanna smoke after that game 
 instead of me getting mad bout sum i just go smoke n say fuck you to everything 
 wanna sleep but then wanna smoke
 who wanna smoke
 i just wanna smoke and chill if thats alright with you .... 
 gotta smoke this l after this l 
 when im the age of retirement ima have to move to my home country of italy and just smoke and chill
 okay im tired im gonna go smoke my new bong and watch youtube go pats
 im so tired. i wanna go home and smoke a blunt
 whether its money or some weed or puttin in work  fuck it  then im ridin
 time to smoke a fatttt blunt now
 i gotta smoke before i go to sleep when i wake up before i eat.. lol shit sad 
 legarrette blount is gonna smoke so much weed tonight
 hopefully this is the last order so i can smoke amp sleep.
 about to smoke this blunt so i can sleep good
 hmm fuck it go smoke
 about to smoke this jay amp go to sleep.. me amp boo got work in the morning.
 i jus smoke my weed amp stay to myself. pls leave me tf alone  
 just wanna smoke and vibe out 
 cant sleep and i need to smoke a bowl buttt all the boys are sleeping and im out of weed
 @garyvee do u ever take time to smoke a blunt and chill
 gonna smoke a bowl  then do hw 
 time to drink and smoke this depression away  today was a fat l all the way around. lol
 to go to sleep or smoke a blunt
 welcome to the rich nothing will happen to us were horny af lets fuck and hook up and drink and smoke and do all the stuff mentalitywow
 i have a massive headache since last night  about to smoke this loud and pass the fuck out . have a goodnight friends
 been having a massive headache since last night  about to smoke this loud and pass the fuck out . have a goodnight friends
 @tailopez do u ever take time to chill and smoke a blunt
 i really wanna smoke one right now...
 n e 1 want to smoke bowls
 dealers  i wanna buy off u not smoke w u 
 lets smoke and go to baja fresh tomorrow
 somebody pop out and go half on a 3.5 wme. we can chill amp smoke and have good car parked conversations if u wanna.
 i wanna smoke 
 im just tryna to smoke a bowl rn
 im tryna smoke a blunt drink coco and  play on the snow
 lets go smoke some snow in the weed 
 as much as i dont wanna smoke  a blunt is highkey wanted
 ok gunna poup n smoke a wood since this dropped  i smoke a backwood of this skunk fuck a swisher  i wanna fuck ur 
 someone smoke my sad ass out after school tomorrow
 @calirosebuds83 awh boo lol i wanna smoke
 1111 roll a fat ass blunt n smoke it
 for me  when a girl wanna smoke and she pulls up and i ask if she has a wood... i get the most confusing looks..
 i just wanna smoke some weed lol
 dont smoke weed when you have bronchitis it literally feels like your lungs are gonna collapse....
 jk had to smoke a quick joint lmao now i can sleep
 im gonna ask a coworker if i can introduce his sonalso a coworker to cannabis because i wanna be someones weed guru again lol
 i smoke by the pound just to outweigh the stress.... and i cant wait to wake up to breakfast in bed ..17ondaway
 i wanna smoke and eat a 10pc
 i swear lmao let me smoke a blunt n im gucci 
 never have i ever been so full... i wanna die im about to smoke so much weed
 i wanna smoke
 i wanna go smoke but i hate smoking alone 
 cant sleep i need to smoke
 bout to crush up a melatonin and smoke to get some sleep up in here
 i need somebody to bring me some woods you know you wanna smoke
 gonna smoke me a blunt
 whos awake and wanna smoke and go eat w me
 dont wanna over text you hutalso wanna smoke and kiss you alot 
 once smoke this blunt ima forget u
 like i dont wanna fuck lets smoke some weed and figure out how to stack a dollar together
 about to smoke this blunt on my balcany
 ill smoke out whoever brings wrap and sour patch to the ritz in fort lauderdale
 to be honest im fat because i smoke weed.
 kinda wanna smoke but dont wanna ride my bike to the gas station
 i just want to smoke a blunt with you
 when u wake up and theres no weed left in the stash 
 anyone wanna smoke a blunt
 amp getting out of work at this time makes me wanna smoke eveeen more so i can sleep good af 
 who wanna smoke in shep
 i just woke up...im gonna smoke...fall back to sleep.
 i just wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke a blunt and fall back asleep
 all i wanna do in life is smoke weed and eat pussy
 wanna smoke but need to pay some stuff first
 you know its going to be a great day when you wake up go to work and a lady blows smoke all over you
 if you need to smoke cigarettes  dont check into a hotel with a non smoking policy. because now i cant sleep and im gonna be grumps.
 wait a minute roll up the weed
 they be showing fake love  they just wanna party with me   smoke my weed and drink my lean   fuckem imma just bounce back
 @lelewxrld your welcome beautiful . have a bomb ass day baby girl . imma come smoke a birthday blunt with you 
 wake up smoke my gas then get ready for school 
 i wanna smoke and read
 aka someone take my shift  i wanna smoke weed and sleep lol
 sometimes we like to randomly wake up at 5am amp smoke woods
 i really wanna smoke with matty tbh its an official bucket list item
 just smoked and wanna smoke again
 i cant wait till i grow my on weed plants so i dont ever have to worry about getting ripped off on a sack again
 i cant wait till i grow my on weed plants so i dont ever have to worry about getting ripped off on sack
 i wana smoke a fatty amp nap till tomorrow
 i cant wait till i grow my own weed plants so i dont ever have to worry about getting ripped off on a sack
 @bkrafuse come one come all and bring some reefer n blunt wraps 
 i wanna smoke
 i need my smoke tolerance to go back up cause waking up groggy is not my cup of tea in the morning
 whose gonna stop me you him weed and a  sims
 nice day to smoke a blunt outside
 this made me mad if youre gonna smoke then smoke 
 i just wanna be a weed farmer  plain and simple
 if i smoke this blunt im gonna forget you.
 i just wanna have sex and smoke weed today
 @richieeerichhh coming in clutch and covering for me. now i get to smoke a blunt before class
 anybody wanna smoke  i know its early
 yea weed aint never told me it didnt wanna talk to me lmao 
 just about to smoke this wood and go back to sleep
 its such a nice day to smoke a blunt
 let me smoke on it and get back to you is always the mood.
 i cant wait to get a check from my grandma for valentines day to buy weed
 someone wanna hang and smoke a joint im bored
 all ive done all weekend is smoke and eat and sleep 
 college tuition is covered so im kinda just tryna smoke good weed amp adventure until i decide i wanna hit the books
 trump gonna end wic next amp then babies gonna be crying cuz they mom breast milk taste like weed amp loosies amp zanax 
 lemme go to the stuy and get some weed and watch some interviews
 i feel the same way about music the same way i feel about brunts  i wanna smoke em but ion wanna roll them
 i just wanna write and smoke a blunt on the beach
 i must smoke before work today i have to
 if we smoke a blunt and i bring some 10 gas and you ova here talm bout im high then a bitch thats some good imma assume u smoke 
 im off probation now and its such a great feeling.  first thing malc asks me is  you wanna smoke a victory blunt   lmao
 i wanna have a session tonight. i need to smoke with someone .
 she puts her weed on her fucking jvs ipad and moves it around with her finger
 a girl at the boogie concert passed out next to me right after she smoked a blunt some people just cant handle weed ig cant relate
 im already stupid high.  this weed good dab.
 if you wanna smoke with me  do it this week its my last for a bit
 all i want is to lay in bed  smoke a blunt and listen to the weeknd but i have work 
 the smell of weed relaxes me
 i wanna learn how to grow my own weed
 fuck a valentine ima smoke that dab 
 u see im  gettn money nah u wanna b ma bro nah   u want ah sip of lean. u wanna smoke dope na
 rey lay back off the weed
 hungry but i cant eat until i smoke 
 gotta smoke a fat ass backwood as soon as i touchdown in cali.
 jus tryn wake @drevv up  smoke her out  then take her to eat but shed rather sleep 
 i was sad so i smoked to try to help that but now im just sad n stoned 
 who wanna go get bagels with earth balance spread amp smoke a j
 my landlord wouldnt get the fuck out of my room and told me to fuck myself because i wouldnt buy her weed... what
 formy birthday i just wanna sit in my room with a o amp smoke it to the face tbh 
 its hella nice out someone come smoke a blunt w me 
 now to go smoke my birthday blunt
 cant wait to get home and smoke 
 rly wishin i could smoke a fat ass l rn
 gonna smoke all babes keef and eat pizza
 i just smoked a blunt w yaaaaa girlfrannn
 to go to emo nite or stay home and smoke all night... 
 honestly  im just gonna smoke and try to be okay.
 i cant wait til it gets warm enough to go to the docks and smoke again lol you appreciate toledos architecture so much better over there.
 any girls wanna come ova n smokeeee
 i jus smoked a blunt w ur gf.
 people what you doing for your birthday me work  drink  smoke. in that order 
 anyone wanna smoke
 wait where did smokey bones go
 bout to smoke this blunt with my mom
 i just wanna smoke a backwood and relax
 its a beautiful day to smoke a blunt
 hella wanna smoke a blunt
 i just wanna smoke one with @brindaspencer whenever i come to houston
 lets smoke a bowl about it
 that smoke a blunt wit some shades on weather
 i jus wanna smoke and chill
 weve done nothing but smoke weed and drink hot tea in bed today
 fuck the cops i just wanna smoke in peace
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we dooo
 ready to get off work to smoke a blunt
 i just smoked a blunt w your gf
 lmaoooo if i ever needed to smoke a fucking blunt
 off work lets smoke 
 only a white weed dealer gonna stop u like why u in a rush my man dont u want to come in amp smoke real quick
 who wanna smoke a blunt
 i just wanna smoke a couple blunts and chill
 get cash and then go smoke
 dabs make you never wanna smoke weed again
 wish i had friends down to randomly go to the beach at 2 am n smoke a blunt but then again im sleep at 2 am
 idk whats worse ab having these fucking seizures. biting my tongue or these killer headaches so everytime i cough when i smoke it kills
 am i really gonna try to smoke out of this croissant
 to be honest i cant wait to go home and smoke a big fat blunt im so tired 
 let me get up so i can go to my fav weedman then go get something to eat
 this weather making me wanna smoke a joint at bennington
 i cant wait to smoke 
 this weather makes me just wanna smoke a blunt amp watch movies all day
 tbh i just wanna smoke a joint
 so nobody down to smoke or eat and catch a movie on some simple shit 
 proceeds the weedian  nazareth
 someone wanna smoke in willoughby
 just wanna smoke and sleep 
 last day in houston amp all i wanna do is get a massage amp smoke a oz.
 does anyone wanna smoke and chill with me
 what would it take to get @cherublamusica to smoke a handrolledwithlove blunt with two beautiful ladies 
 i just need a shorty thats gonna smoke amp listen to 50 cent with me goals
 what you gonna do when the people go home and you want to smoke weed but the reefers all gone 
 i miss my bed and i just want to smoke a fat ass l 
 im really missing my bed and i just want to smoke a fat ass l 
 moms on phone having and interview kinda wanna go downstairs and yell pass the weed. but then kinda dont wanna die
  you wanna go smoke  see the way the job set up they do surprise drug tests soooo im goin have to pass 
 jus tryin lay up and watch netflix and smoke and eat. my blinds closed ion even wanna see the city. 
 rolling big blunts of  .. na yu cant smoke with me
 cause i just wanna smoke and eat all day .
 i know this sound ridiculous and kinda like a snap but theres literally no way to get high without failing a drug test  just wanna smoke
 who doesnt wanna smoke w snoop 
 every time i listen to this song it makes me wanna smoke again  
 about to smoke this blunt and chill for the rest of the day 
 you smoke me out  i eat you out
 i just wanna smoke some weed. thats it fuck all the talk
 all i want is a baddie thts chill af n is down to smoke a blunt wit meh
 @adrinktothepast we have a wood chip backyard and now theres all these plants. im not tryna pull all these damn weeds cmondrought
 kinda wanna kill myself  kinda wanna smoke  kinda wanna drown in sorrows  kinda wanna cuddle puppies til all my w
 kinda wanna kill myself  kinda wanna smoke  kinda wanna drown in tears  kinda wanna cuddle into nothingness and disappear deepinfeels
 mooood to smoke a blunt
 the guys did 80lbs for 20 and i did 30lbs for 20 and i smoke their asses  
 when you and your homegirl lay in bed  smoke a blunt and watch movies while your boyfriends are out busy. 
 i wanna smoke a fat ass backwood rn
 i wanna have a smoke party you cant get in without a blunt
 all i wanna do is smoke with ya. sit down amp eat dinner with the folks with ya.
 did lebron just smoke that lay
 lebron jus smoked a lay up
 this why i smoke and eat up all they shit 
 so lebron gonna travel amp smoke a layup then turn around and bank a buzzer beater 3...
 took so much will power to get out of bed amp go to my night class tonight amp i dont even have weed to reward myself w an after class chop smh
 played jazz with some fine folks tonight. nashville jazz drums @ battleground smokes and spirits 
 i wanna twerk  do the ms. america wave  or smoke a blunt as i walk the stage cause i can.
 anyone wanna smoke
 i just wanna take a hot shower and smoke and go my ass to bed
 if you cant function high  dont smoke
 kinda wanna smoke kinda wannna sleep kinda need to do my hw 
 work  smoke  fuck  eat
 imma take 4 shots of vodka smoke a blizzy and get in my bed 
 i smoke pressure
 when he wants to go home just to smoke and chill with you 
 lets smoke a blunt..... or 5
 i just want to ride in my ride with the top down and smoke weed with my niggas
 who wants to smoke a blunt 
 my day go class  eat  class  homework  workout  eat  smoke and goodnight 
 imma smoke this blunt and scan in some roids 
 she just wanna smoke n fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 i just smoked a blunt wit yo boyfriend
 i jus wanna smoke a jay and no one is fwm lmao
 cant wait until im able to smoke again bruh lol
 i agree w @dahlialithwick dont go for the smoke screen on scotus nominee @maddow maddow 
 really just wanna smoke a blunt with someone and enjoy this weather.
 i just wanna be bool with everybody if we had a past fuck all that lifes too short smoke some.
 i get lonely at night so i always have to smoke before i go to sleep
 i smoke  work  fuck and eat my way out of my feelings every time
 bout to smoke again 
 im so tired i dont even wanna smoke i will wait until the morning
 first scrimmage in early tonight and i got smoked. this season is gonna be long.
 wait a min hold up its me  wait a min roll up weed
 i just wanna go with this butch rn and smoke a fat ass blunt @cloeebitcchh 
 debating if i wanna smoke a blunt or not
 i wanna smoke a blunt and plot a milli on ya
 if u eat weed amp then have spicy food youll get high quicker
 get outta work smoke a blunt then repeat trusttheprocess
 someone wanna smoke meowt  broke til pay day lol
 @bailiedawn no nigga  you wanna sleep with her then you can deal with her. im bout to go smoke
 me amp bre finna get on this lean  smoke these woods  bake these cookies  watch this netflix amp ko.
 you make me wanna smoke this whole ounce rn
 can i just  be back in hawaii  and drink  and smoke a blunt  with all  my real ones  right now
 i smoke myself to sleep 
 let me just smoke my blunt 
 musictomyears  wanna smoke
 kinda wanna lay on the roof and smoke but that shit too high
 musictomyears wanna smoke another blunt 
 lol im lowkey mad that i wont be able to smoke for 6 hours tomorrow
 i just want to smoke this blunt amp watch shameless till i fall asleep
 you smoke weed and drink bc if you do heroin youre gonna be a junkie who cant function like a normal person  not 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and take shots with the same annoying ass person for the rest of my lyfe
 when you hungry but not enough to eat but wanna smoke a cig but dont know if you should ... 
 once i smoke this blunt boy im gon forget you
 ima just smoke this blunt and go to bed ....
 i wanna smoke  cuddle  amp watch movies rn 
 who tryna smoke dope in charlotte replytweet charlotte dope
 about to smoke this bowl and go back to sleep. 
 whats collecting in the bottom of my grinder currently so i can smoke it 
 i just wanna go home nd smoke 
 i wanna smoke 1 with this geezer 
 niggas trying to smoke ampamp i jus wanna b sleep tbh
 i just wanna kick back smoke some greens
 im ready to go home  smoke some serious shit and play some mk8.
 once you are an undercover  sometimes you have info you wanna share but you cant just share it with anyone  else theyll smoke you out.
 i just want to go out and smoke a blunt
 tbh i just wanna go outside amp smoke.
 @jackierose20 lets go smoke
 if i smoked early i would b sleep rn
 who still up in indy where the good smoke at
 i really wanna smoke a blunt with a white guy
 anybody trying to smoke a blunt 
 gonna start smoking weed again
 about to smoke me a blunt and go to sleep. gotta work all fuckin day today 
 mannnnn i wanna smoke
 i just wanna ride in my ride with the top down and smoke weed with my niggas
 ashanti was fiiiitt back in the day holy smokes
 i wanna smoke 
 @nickkyloud lets smoke ourselves to sleep.. come over
 an this is why i smoke not becuz i wanna just go get high becuz i cant sleep worth of shit before i used to smoke id go to school sleepless
 fuck it smoke this bowl by my damn self
 bed mellike allis weed
 130 in the morning and im about to go smoke a blunt w steven and isaac like i dont gotta be up at 5am for school. 
 bored and wanna smoke
 when i listen to @hipetzebra makes me want to go smoke a fat sexy blunt
 i smoked a fat ass blunt  i dont know rn
 wake amp bake with a fat ass wood full of cali weed 
 now dogs  unless you can get high off catnip  ye youre gonna have join us in smoking weed  its the only way.
 just give me back rubs   then back shots   listen to me tell u how my day was   amp smoke a blunt  lit
 the sun rises at 724  best believe im waking v up and we gonna smoke this blunt and watch the sun rise 
 ive smoked two joints already lemme go to sleep
 this weather makes me wanna smoke n stay laid up. fuck an education
 @chelssssxoxo im thinking fat ass smoke session today 
 i just wanna smoke week wit a bad bitch
 off work finna smoke good
 promised myself once i get off probation  i wont smoke no more and just work and school. ill just drink  fuckhcc
 just smoked a blunt by my lonely
 wake up smoke a blunt n try to make more money then the day b4 
 so time to smoke this blunt 
 did you really do vetting on jeffsessions  cause he once supported mandatory death penalty for dealing marijuana.  @realdonaldtrump ag.
 my boyfriend rolled up a blunt w my weed and broke it in half and went to work so when i woke up i was left w a half of a blunt .
 all i do is smoke weed and they wanna put me behind bars for it  its a fucking plant
 im ready to smoke this last blunt
 you tryna smoke a blunt 
 i cant wait for the day when i have my own place and i can smoke blunts in my living room 
 this rain makes me wanna leave class and go smoke a blunt and watch movies
 i cant fucking wait to get off work so i can smoke
 ashlei needs to wake her ass up i wanna smoke
 its my last day off  who tryna smoke a bluntttttt or 3
 gone wake me up or my sleep and said i know u sale weed or some 
 @sensanders there it is usa if you grow  or smoke herb you are a narcoterrorist no fn fascist john kelly for security  or any position
 whoever takes me to work ill smoke w you and give you gas 
 i need a fat bowl of them weedies  
 im at work looking at narcotics cases and a random man walks up to me and goes so do you smoke weed and then pulls out his sheriff badge
 she said she wanna roll with me and smoke all my weed 
 just read my good book  finna smoke this l
 then smoke a blunt
 who wanna smoke
 dont wanna leave my room time go outside amp smoke a blunt 
 cant wait to go home amp smoke the backwood i have waiting
 wya pullup on me lets smoke sum 
 ion wanna fuckin eat i wanna smoke and fuck you
 fuck. i sat in front of 2 sorority girls that wont shut up and beside a guy that smells like bo and weed. its gonna be a long hour
 god people i need food and car   and my weed or i cant eat today whom got me ill make it up to   but for now i need help asap
 amp if i smoke this blunt.......
 man im in a mood all i wanna do is smoke a blunt and isolate myself 
 u got a week or imma come smoke deuce fat ass 
 i just work make beats go to school and smoke dope  i be fully minding my business
 @keeganjohanna @jbezzy96 im actually free on sunday if yall wanna like go to the city and smoke n thrift any other ideas 
 never trust anyone that smoke the blunt till this size 
 got a bag of weed and a bottle of wine  im gonna fuck that bitch just one more time
 i smoke a bowl. thats my chi.
 nice day so you know my chest out smoking this ganja
 when life gives you headaches roll some damn weed
 i just woke up and my mind is already going crazy... i already wanna smoke this blunt and i already want the day to be over
 @hannibalburess see you at bonnaroo yo gonna smoke you up if i see you
 when you just faced a blunt and your homie comes thru and says wanna smoke 
 ima swipe your name up off my schedule. and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 jus wanna smoke
 really wanna smoke a blunt rn
 i just want to smoke a blunt
 anyone wanna go to lunch and smoke
 just smoke eat snacks and watch bobs burgers on this rainy depressing day.
 i wanna smoke  who bout it
 i wanna have a smokedout conversation
 will smoke you out for ride 
 i will smoke a blunt before i take a shot
 all we smoke is stems 
 wanna smoke a blunt on the beach amp listen to mac miller
 i just wanna go home a smoke a bowl 
 i just wanna go home and smoke a bowl 
 i just wanna be in a cabin in the smokey mountains 
 gonna smoke and play in the snow by myself
 i hope all these people that said they were gonna smoke me up when i get out are really about it 
 rings doorbell nah man come on in its cold were gonna chill for a minute  tryna smoke a bowl want a slice of this pizza
 my weed seedless  my tree leafless
 then i start thinking their hands they just smoked meth with is touching my food and i cant eat
 all we do is smoke amp fuck . 
 asked my mom what time they were coming home and she said why you wanna smoke some doobies
 just wanna smoke and watch movies all day 
 perfect day to smoke hookah and be lazy
 she wanna smoke all my drugs
 adulting saying no to yourself when you wanna skip class to smoke a blunt
 all i think about at work is getting home to smoke lol 
 i used to not be able to eat unless i smoked now that im sober a nigga b hungry as a lion
 lol i just needed someone to talk to and i had no weed so i had to overload the timeline wit some gems
 days like this i really wish i could smoke a fat blunt
 cant wait till im able to smoke amp eat again 
 finding random weed in ur pursegt  im not gonna ask questions either  im just gonna thank the universe
 i failed my statistics test this morning so im bouta go smoke on the beach
 going to school after i get off cause i know if i go home ill smoke and go to sleep 
 cuz any other day i just be wanting to tell him to shut up and go smoke his blunt or sum lol
 wait  smoke amp food
 who wanna smoke at the beach
 lay off the ganja  dr. youre high..... 
 i be speeding just to go home to smoke and sleep.
 i wanna smoke eat and cuddle all day 
 today wouldve been a good day to go sit on the beach smoke a few joints take a few patron shots n chill. its pretty asf outside
 fina hit da beach n smoke some
 cant wait to be able to smoke again 
 i remeber me  rara  shaunte  bri  and ashlon went to the beach just to walk the trail amp smoke lol why the fuck we get chased by a storm
 gonna go visit my ex so we can smoke and watch anime
 cant wait to smoke after class
 i really wanna smoke 7163628282 blunts
 next time someone says oh joc wanna smoke i want a nose check.  no more sniffles around here nigga.
 watch porn and smoke a blunt 
 another thing about living back home with my mom ... i cant smoke in her crib lol 
  wanna smoke amp talk about our horrible life decisions
 todays a great day to smoke  netflix n chill all day  too bad i got work in a bit 
 ill smoke one fat blunt or 3 either way it go ima be high so it dont really matter
 i wanna smoke   whos tranna go l4l 
 its a 100 im gonna try and get my mama to smoke a j with me. she gone say no but ima still offer.
 i dont even wanna smoke no moe
 i just wanna smoke and have good sex. too much to ask for on this rainy tuesday evening 
 to go smoke or to not go smoke 
 i cant wait to go home and take a hot shower and smoke a fat el amp be super warm and cuddling in my bed im so fuckn excited
 i cant wait to smoke this facial later on tonight
 i only roll with him so i can smoke up all his weed
 go smoke some weed kennedy  make us proud my dad
 after that nap i just had its time for a smoke break
 i wanna smoke weed and get fly everyday this working shit aint for me bro its cool right now but ian tryna be doin this shit all my life
 as soon as i clocked in at 1 she disappears  goes to the grocery store  goes to her  goes to smoke  all that
 i wanna be off and smoke. 
 i wanna smoke so bad.
 rainy days like this i just wanna smoke a blunt and smack sum ass itcouldallbesosimple
 @therevolution but u always on games and never wanna smoke w me
 time to eat fat and smoke fatter.
 just grow with me  go broke you go broke with me. i smoke you gon smoke with me 
 i just wanna smoke weed in get money laughing at my old bitch cause she so funny
 i wanna smoke
 to smoke then take a nap or to do homework
 nice days like this make me wish i had an apartment w a balcony so i can just sit outside amp smoke a blunt
 finna smoke my fuckin life away since probation wanna say i smoked 
 smoking weed and drinking hasnt helped and prayer has only helped a little.  i want to go home to heaven so please let me go
 really need to stop waiting till i wanna eat to smoke bc now im eating a family size bag of chips while my dino nuggets are cooking
 so fuck the bitch i dont need this shit im gonna smoke weed feel high like its legit
 @uggsabrea let me move in i promise to not touch only smoke
 @neverknownfacts not if you smoke a joint
 like whats next  whats that  whats up i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck 
 she just wanna smoke and fuck
 everyone come out to the regional dual tomorrow at home hempstead and bettendorf wrestle at 6 and we take on the winner to go to team state
 cant wait to smoke tonight w my bb 
 probably gonna smoke some weed
 i hate when i dont smoke i get depressed and overthink
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 i wanna smoke but i gotta wait until alexia get out of work fmlllllll
 who wanna smoke
 if u smoke reggie  coo. im not judgemental. now if you try to match some reggie  you gotta get the fuck outta my face with yo goofass 
 sos someone come smoke a blunt with me at work its so dead 
 i wanna cuddle and smoke but @omgitsjustnia love so far. i have to make it my business to see her
 fuck it . ill jus smoke on my own 
 wanna smoke a little sumn sumn
 but most of all just want to lay in bed... hmmm  guess ill just kodi the new xxx order some wings and smoke otw to get it
 soo if no one wants to go bowling does anyone wanna come over and sit in front of my sad light with me while i organize pictures and smoke
 me and charlie together is positive vibes. we literally sit and listen to erykah badu and smoke weed.
 they aint really with a nigga they just wanna smoke my weed
 who wanna come smoke with me tonight 
 wanna smoke 
 i catch his ass  thats his ass smoke his ass just like some ganja dumb fuck should of ran but his ass wanna run up
 who wanna smoke n watch deadpool
 any one wanna end me  i jus farted out loud... in a smoke circle
 is it bad i wanna rob my weed man bc he admitted to shorting me 4grams and gave the shit back on my next pick up he 2nice i dont like it
 i need a girl to roll the blunt  to smoke with me 
 i hate doloing a blunt  seems like it smokes forever...
 you get paid  wanna go shopping and smoke  
 girl i fuck you for an hour then i smoke it off
 i done fell sleep n woke up weedman still here
 guess ill smoke this blunt and pour this two
 i wanna smoke
 finna go to the weed man i wanna smoke to can you stand the rain
 get excited to share they weed wit hoes who aint matchin 
 about to work out by myself cause these marines wanna go outside and smoke 
 kinda wanna go to this weed church in providence and chop it up with these weed jesus folks
 anyone tryna smoke a blunt
 just wanna smoke with someone
 somone i can pick up smoke a blunt and go out to eat withgtgtgt
 so i come into work this morning and my manger looks at me and says mikey you okay youre not smelling like a bag of weed today ... 
 just copped another qp. gonna smoke a blunt for everyone of you lames
 if i had a girl for valentines day id spoil her ass. but since i dont imma just go all out on a fat ass bag and smoke all that shit. lol
 reggae just makes you wanna smoke weed and dance
 and after i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you 
 lets smoke and talk about l i f e 
 i just wanna smoke chill out and come home to my bed 
 papiiiiii is such a thug   him im gonna smoke this blunt wyou amp then take you to your man.
 does anybody wanna have a smoke sesh w me lol
 being sick made me not wanna smoke weed anymore lol
 gonna smoke a blunt and do this homework
 girls sleep all i got is weed and basketball tonight....
 @bluemartinez15 i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck 
 cant wait to smoke weed after this movie is over
 oh nahhh  this shit make me wanna not smoke weed.  
 cant wait to get off so i can write my ideas down and smoke 
 i cant wait to smoke w cole and cuddle and fall asleep  working open to close today kicked my ass 
 that weed that makes your fingers sticky and you fuck up the rello when you trying to roll gtgtgt
 i cant eat all my food but can smoke a whole hookah smh 
 as soon as i finally make it to my destination  im about to take this salt bath  drink some wine and smoke until i see fit to stop .
 50 gon smoke his son
 anybody wanna smoke w me 
 i wanna smoke for the first time ever in life 
 i wanna smoke for the first time ever in life 
 so when you grow up you go to dinner parties to just smoke eat and drink adulting
 all i wanna do is smoke but guess who wanna take forever 
 ill steal your weed if you fuck me over lmao
 i wanna smoke in the morning but nobody down 
 gonna watch shameless and smoke myself to sleep  been a busy day 
 just wanna smokeeeeee.
 i wanna smoke 
 when you wanna smoke really means you wanna fuck 
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 go smokem peace pipe. sleep w squaw  kill buffalo. return tomorrow in  headdress and listen to us confirm 
 really wanna smoke but not down to leave my cozy bed
 cant wait to get off and smoke
 dude i just wanna smoke a beer right now
 im about to smoke a blunt because why not ....
 i cant wait to move to my new room ima smoke tf out my room
 highkey wanna smoke a spliff with azizi
 any one wanna smoke
 anyone want to come over smoke a bowl and do hw no k bye
 so who wants to smoke a blunt w me and just talk for a hour or two 
 bruh all im tryna do is smoke a blunt w oomf and run up a check is that too much to ask for
 i just wanna smoke a backwood in a hot tub
 hmu lets smoke shawty
 im finna smoke take my meds and ko my ass is tired asf 
 i just wanna smoke so i can sleep good tonight
 come smoke this hookah with me  vlivemiami before i fuck this stage up hollywoodmob 
 this world so fucked up im finna smoke a blunt eat and go to sleep 
 i jusss wanna smoke with my dad   
 if that judge lives in the republic of seattle where wacky weed rules  can you really be surprised 
 like fuck. i just wanna lounge and smoke with my man everyday. two days out of the week isnt long enough.
 i smoked all day im ready to go to bed
 someone in arlington sell me marijuana
 bout to smoke this blunt and go to sleep.
 when u wanna smoke but dont want to roll up 
 he say he wanna roll with me but then he smoke up all my weed scrub thinkhefly
 meatopia..... smoking kinda day at work. orange wood smoked pork belly  mesquite smoke pulled 
 every time i listen to amy on my record player i wanna drink wine and smoke a cig
 lemme smoke this blunt and go to sleep
 trying smoke  lay up and sleep next to my lady all night 
 all glown up n shit but cant wait imma smoke this blunt w myself aye w myself 
 im sooo tired ain even wanna get up to smoke.
 i wanna smoke cant sleep 
 soooo you wanna smoke from generic ass roll ups ... just look at the wrapper shit look like a giant brand. 
 i wanna smoke 
 i guess i will smoke amp go to sleep then.
 kinda wanna smoke rn...
 i just wanna kick it  smoke a blunt and grab some lunch
 i need to smoke a blunt and just chill in the music 
 i wanna smoke  i wanna drink  but im not
 been sitting here for 20min thinking bout rolling a blunt but im high as shit and sleepy already but wanna smoke more but too high to move
 i need to smoke fuck and party  im tired of doing nothing at home
 my daily routine every morning is smoke a blunt to on amp on
 fuck with me and get smoked or fuck with me and smoke too
 friday is gonna be 72 im trying to hit breckenridge and smoke a joint in between slopes 
 can i just go home and lay down and smoke a blunt
 girl scout cookies not weed
 i wanna smoke but im so lazy to roll right now
 roll up some weed and disappear to my home planet 
 @rainm97 hbd gorgeous i cant wait to smoke a birthday blunt with you 
 sad smoke
 honestly tryna chill  smoke  watch spirited away and fuck.  minus the smoke  i forgot ion smoke minus fucking  im celibate my netflix a dub
 who wanna smoke with me  i need a damn swisher 
 if you wanna smoke better have yo own weed .
 cant sleep  gonna smoke some
 damn been on twitter 30 mins already need a smoke. and its only 3 am gonna be a long day... mind my own business
 i wanna hang and smoke with @ravenfelix
 why my soldiers cry smoke a blunt then wipe my eyes but it is okay cus im a hoodlum till i die @blackkray 
 late night drives n smokin weed to some good ass music is chill
 i tried talking to alex and she told me to fuck off so im gonna smoke and cry myself to sleep
 in need of marijuana and cuddles
 bout to smoke then sleep
 i might go home for my birthday just to smoke in p3
 said i was gonna smoke but im too lazy to get up
 insomnia fucking kills me i need weed rn
 wanna smoke but too sleepy to roll 
 its 420 am  should i go smoke a blunt orrrr 
 lmao i smoked a joint with my brother rn amp my mom comes outside amp says get the fuck back inside b4 grandpa wakes up she gave no fucks tho
 i cant wait until my auntie move man   ima smoke her house out 
 this is why i have to smoke weed it helps me sleep at night why the fuck am i tweeting at 247 in the fucking morning
 @melyyb smoke some bud
 damn i wanna smoke before school 
 n if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 good day to smoke with @famousdex jaxfl
 @saraaoakes lay off the weed
 who wanna smoke downtown la 
 if youre gonna work in healthcare  or anything dealing with medical do not be a smoker  serious pet peeve
 why do yall go natural  smoke a blunt then label yourself care free 
 happy birthday bby ily i hope you have a great day. we can chill soon amp ill smoke your bday blunt w you @brookeeguess
 i was gonna get an iced green tea at starbucks but then i saw the words new smoked butter scotch frap. then i realized that i am very basic.
 i love waking up amp being able to smoke a blunt to start the day
 if i dont smoke when i wake up i get a screaaaaming headache
 nigga. you and everyone the fuck else. weed make your eye lazy thats wild. godspeed. 
 who know how to make a hookah  come smoke wit me in my backyard.   i got henny  patron  hookah amp snacks
 yo dude said he wanna come smoke.... wit... me
 someone is gonna get smoked by a falling ceiling tile 
 everywhere that we go they say nothing that we cant smoke
 definitely wanna smoke before saturday gets here
 when i go to texas for sure im gonna take some weed . cause being sober while everyone at work is drinking sucks lol
 lol when you wake up early to smoke a blunt and be on twitter cuz you when your girl wake up she gone want all your attention
 i am lazy i wanna smoke but i dont wanna roll up
 this all i wanna do.... smoke a joint with starlito and my life complete  
 mine gonna be a marijuana tree   the 1st of its kind 
 i might not have to come into work tomorrow weed coma all night and day tomorrow    
 its cold foo ion even wanna stand outside n smoke
 i wake up just to smoke  then take a nap  before i go to work 
 just lay with me amp smoke a blunt thats all 
 just wanna sit at a beach amp smoke a blunt
 she said she wanna smoke with we  bitch you shouldve said that 
 i. cant. wait to smoke them allll
 hope everyone have a good day at work and dont smoke no crack on your lunch break and try to go back to work
 @ebraeden is the goat on first take  smoke a joint or two and get your ass out there phil jackson
 @preciousmonet lol she still sleep need to get her ass up. she gon smoke all day anyways shell b alright 
 i cant trust someone to roll a blunt that smokes  more less this shit..... whitepeoplewegottastop 
 omm  they really wanna see them smoke boys fail. the hate is rediculous. lol i dont get how you hate on success.. 
 ready to get off work and go home smoke allllll day
 im tryna go home  smoke  and sleep
 she just wanna smoke all ma weed 
 day off and all i wanna do is smoke and watch netflix
 i wanna smoke and enjoy this weather
 bout to go smoke on the lake its beautiful today
 @hermiyaa i wanna smoke too
 who wanna make some gas and smoke some gas with me and peanut 
 i asked around for girl scout cookies the other day and everyone thought i meant weed
 so nice out im bout to smoke 3 blunts on my porch and watch the cars go by
 i just wanna go to a pretty view  smoke one  amp have a conversation with somebody 
 just wanna lay in the sun and smoke weed
 said she wanna roll w me and smoke up all my weed
 so stoked that im off tomorrow so i get to just chill in bed and smoke hella weed during the snow storm
 i wanna pick up but if i do i know ill smoke it all before i go home 
 hey dad i know we havent talked in a while but i was wondering if you wanna eat three packages of weed pop rocks w me amp watch garden state
 michael is working all day and im off so its just gonna be me and my weed today 
 lets smoke
 over today already. jus wanna smoke and sleep
 ima smoke a fat joint before i get on the plane
 damn i wanna smoke amp tanners gonna be in chicopee 
 i rather smoke with you then have sex cuz you gonna want more than dick you gonna want a relationship
 do i wanna eat or do i wanna smoke idunno 
 do i wanna eat or do i wanna smoke idunno 
 i wanna smoke a blunt with my mouth numb like this lmaooo
 i cant wait till its warm enough for me to hike and smoke a blunt outside
 bruh i cannot wait to get home.. smoke a blunt amp smash this spaghetti 
 such a nice day to take a walk on the beach amp smoke a blunt
 wake up smoke 15min lunch break smoke 30min lunch smoke  after work smoke after shower smoke before bed smoke  .... next day 
 @acoleworld just smoke a blunt lol
 i wanna smoke and its only because im thinking about it
 who wanna smoke
 who wan smoke 
 no matter what u fucking die so just smoke a blunt and shut up
 talithacumi you gonna smoke that or you wanna smoke on this   @thexcast
 we are proud to support project22  an effort to educate vets on treating ptsd with cannabis. visit 
 @thatsaltynigga @sydneyannexoxo im gonna send you a snap of every blunt i smoke from now on
 all i can think about is this blunt ima smoke when i get off
 i just want to go to @cesarc0 amp watch weeds and eat food and go to sleep and cuddle my baby
 i need someone to come cuddle and smoke these bowls w me
 bout to smoke me a stunna blunt when i get in
 re cleancoal. mecsglobal also makes co2 smokestack scrubbers which tend to be expensive like all new technology. wdym
 @loudweeddaily @thaweedposts smoke more. then sleep
 today that smoke a blunt  walk around 161 with ya chorty typa day
 exercise routine smoke a cigar in the park and watch the runners go by.
 i just wanna smoke in this beautiful weather 
 just gonna sit on my deck  chain smoke  drink wine and listen to dmb all night
 i give up on finding weed im just gonna enjoy flordia and get fuckerd up
 nigga need to just be happy a bitch wanna smoke wit his duck ass lmao
 im gonna smoke him out 
 bout to roll sum smoke sum roll up shid
 roll sum smoke sum roll up shid . . .
 one more make two niggas tryna smoke after that or hit a blunt if they smoke but sleep coming after that 
 gonna have to get a job if i want some ganja 
 i need a ride from work so who wants to smoke 
 hey yyj  sent from work early because of the snow might be a perfect day to chaco out your local cannabis lounge snow kush cannamall
 hey yyj  sent from work early because of the snow might be a perfect day to check out your local cannabis lounge snow kush cannamall
 im just tryina smoke a fat blunt and give oomf a booty rub
 so if weed becomes legal are they jus gonna sell it like they do cigarettes
 nap after the smoke session  
 why wan smoke
 lets go come smoke fat and listen to good tunes 
 who wanna smoke sumn
 i just wanna travel see wild animals and smoke some dank while doing it
 ima smoke this blunt amp forget ab you 
 this weather is on straight bullshit.  having me bundle up like im going sledding when in reality im just trying to smoke a blunt.
 cant wait to get outta work and smoke a stove
 i just wanna smoke
 chill beats and fresh coffee perfect to go with your favorite tasting hookah  so come smoke and hangout with us at your favorite hookah spot
 my split pea soup has lots of smoked ham in it. im gonna get technical and say a shitload of 
 i like to grind up cigarettes and put them on my sandwich. then i grind up that sandwich and roll it into a blunt and smoke it.
 i go from i love you and i aint never gonna stop loving you to.....fuck around and get smoked nigga wtf is wrong with me haha
 low key wanna have a buncha friends over and play classic n64 games while we smoke  drink and have fun.
 lets take our own cups smoke a blunt in the costco parking lot and get free sodas at fountain drinks potheadadventures
 i really wanna smoke this bowl but i really dont want my mom to bug me about it
 ya girl can smoke tomorrow
 my dad gonna tell nate he aint wearing the same cologne he just had on when he came overtalking bout weed
 how this nigga say come roll this weed for me  or drive my whip while i roll like what 
 i just wanna go home and get tf in the bed after i smoke
 wanna smoke.
 ima grown ass man i pay my own bills if i wanna smoke a lil sum ima smoke
 anyone wanna smoke some pot
 fuck you let these people smoke 
 bruh when you gonna fix that smoke alarm beeping  been in all your videos  
 im just ready to get off so i can rub on them cheeks and smoke a blunt
 @feelingvlonely can you go smoke a blunt  listen ton some music  and smile at your dog or somethin
 @feelingvlonely can you go smoke a blunt  listen to some music  and smile at your dog or somethin
 cant wait for the summer man the beers get colder the nights get longer and you can smoke outside 
 lets just smoke and watch the eclipse
 i just wanna smoke something special
 when friends ask me if i wanna smoke i cry cause fuck yeahhh
 i want to smoke a blunt
 cant wait to get off work smoke a blunt and go home
 not as important as some of the other shit hell do but watch sessions on legal weed. soldiers gonna be shutting down dispensaries.
 @kaglome na just stop being a bitch for once and go smoke a blunt or something
 lets smoke a blunt or two  ill fuck you good then cuddle you 
 lets smoke a blunt or two  ill fuck you good then cuddle you  whenyouloveher 
 hoping i get a snow day with my babe and weed. oh its gonna be gooood   @robertleehadley
 i dont wanna smoke by myself 
 i wanna smoke
 im w going out to eat and all but i rather stay home and smoke a blunt and eat you 
 i need to smoke a fat blunt to my face
 wish i could just smoke a fat ass blunt man
 i just wanna drop out of school  smoke good weed but not too good and listen to kaiser chiefs all day
 really wanna dome a blunt but out of weed 
 i wanna smoke  eat cuddle 
 just wanna smoke amp kick it
 i just wanna smoke 
 just wanna smoke and b left alone
 lets go on a paint picnic amp smoke some
 they shouldve had one that said eat without weed. 
 i just lowkey wanna smoke a blunt  bro.
 bouta go smoke my blunt and chilll .. gotta be up for 4 in the morning 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 moms lowkey dumb tho like tries to search my room but my weed treasure chest is in plain sight on the table right next to my bed
 @arashn7 gonna be you when you around weed 
 all i wanna do is go to the gym or smoke but i have no whip  the struggle is real 
 morning schedule wake up  smoke  go lay in the sun amp sleep
 cant wait to get home to smoke my hookah 
 lets just all get together  smoke a couple bowls and eat a heart shaped pizza this valentines day
 there goes two generations of progress up in smoke with the confirmation of sessions. f u c k @dnc you have work to do. resist
 dont wanna smoke w out my baby 
 just wanna smoke a blunt and forget i exist  but nah its time to face myself for several months 
 bout to smoke good and go to sleep
 the100 dang montys probs not gonna be able to get his weed 
 i really wanna smoke bc i been going through some shit but i dont wanna get munchies i cant control myself
 ....let me go smoke.
 dang  i wanna smoke another blunt but i dont feel like rolling it
 i cant wait to move to move somewhere where theres more varieties of weeds not only the kind that make me pass out
 i need to workout but im just going to smoke a fat ass blunt and go to bed 
 move to la for the women  weather  weed stay for the truly superior rite aids.
 you ever just say fuck it and smoke a whole bowl of kief because you have no bud thats where im at
 fresh off work bout to take a dump and roll this weed up
 @senwarren are u gonna wear ur battle cry war paint u gonna send up smoke signals ur a liar hypocrite constitutional ignorant get help
 i wonder what my valentines day will be like. just work home weed and liquor . probably
 i need somebody to kick it with  someone to lay back smoke a blunt with
 hey lets go in her eye said the fuckin smoke @ city of paterson 
 cant wait to get to the comforts of my home and smoke some bitch
 lets just smoke and eat. okay
 i jus wanna smoke bruhyall dont understand
 who wanna chill and smoke
 ion wanna go if its not no weed there
 im gonna cut you off quicker then i met you im gonna swipe yo name off of my schedule and if i smoke this blunt ima 4get you 
 im so irritated i just want to come back home smoke and go to bed.
 bout to smoke then goto bed because its been a long ass day 
 tyler ulis look ass was gonna get smoked on boa 
 @yg lets smoke a back wood
 wanna just smoke and lay up but mfs wanna kill my shit 
 or you wanna smoke 
 fuck it lets smoke after work
 fuck it lets smoke after work
 ever smoked a bkunt while having sex   pass that shit 
 @legionfx is a roller coaster but a fun mind trip dont watch this and smoke weed at the same time u may dive out ur window lol
 i wanna smoke 
 i have one bowl left to last me till tomorrow.. debating if i should smoke it now or wait 
 should i smoke a blunt before he gets here.. hmmmm
 i just wanna smoke and lay uppppp
 i just want my ass rubbed an to smoke this blunt
 @angryblackhoemo i cant fucking wait for sessions to go after those white owned weed dispensaries.
 nigga go to sleep after he smoke everytime shit about to wake his ass back up to smoke  
 i cant wait to smoke. 
 people who cant take care of their kids but wanna smoke weed all day disgust me.
 i want to smoke this birthday joint but i have no lighter. very sad.
 austin theyre gonna be really strict about getting medical marijuana in ohio. you cant just say my back hurts legacy ill break my leg
 go to bed mom  i just wanna smoke pot gosh
 but let me smoke this blunt to get out of my feelings lol
 lowkey wanna make a grilled cheese sandwich high key dont want the smoke detector to go off while my parents are sleep 
 wanna smoke fr but the roads are bad.
 i have a blunt for us to smoke tomorrow 
 did a double today  just got home about to shower  watch tv  smoke and be out
 fuck tha day that i met you im smoking all of this weed jus to forget you
 you got a marijuana belly piercing  what you smoke weed now    dianna no  i got it cause it was on clearance  i cant with her
 spend time wit tha bitch b4 she goes to work... smoke a blunt w her  motivate her...
 i keep a blunt rolled jus in case she wanna smoke
 kinda wanna smoke a blunt w @jaysee
 that snow back home aint shit until you have to go to work with over 3ft. no exceptions  or your ass is getting the shit smoked outta you
 just wanna smoke before bed but not outside
 its been damn near 2 hours where the fuck this nigga at wit this weed yo
 if i could go back  i would have not hit that blunt and started smoking weed.
 i could watch you smoke all day girl  
 who wan smoke
 i wanna smoke
 she just wanna smoke and fuck
 greeeeat now i cant smoke for like 2fuxkin weeks.
 lol them weed naps be having me sleep all day
 really just wanna smoke 
 shlit smoked a dab blunt just now im high asf  
 listen all i wanna do is smoke with u  sit down have dinner with the folks with u
 she just wanna smoke and fck  i said girl  thats all that we do.
 i want someone to smoke this blunt with me 
 im gonna smoke again...one day....
 i just want to smoke a blunt
 @hannibalburess what would it take for you to go to a festival with us or just enjoy a cup of weed and a joint of coffee
 if your man dont do nun but eat  sleep  smoke and lay up under u everyday thats a child not a boyfriend
 i ain in the klub if i cant smoke  
 i wanna smoke 
 gonna smoke a blunt and see if that helps
 i finallllly got the weed smell out of my car and im bout to smoke a blunt in it. fuck it 
 its so hard for me to get outta bed but once yaya hmu to smoke a blunt i jumped outta bed
 idk how people smoke and do things like go to work. i smoke and my ass is ready for a nap.
 anybody wanna smoke with me
 im to lazy to drive to the shop but pick me up and lets go ill smoke you whole 8th in the backwood  
 cant sleep so i guess ill smoke
 when all you wanna do is smoke weed and eat good food and fuck around but school and work and life and blah
 @tmsxoxx im planning this trip have my weed ready lol
 @paintitblues lol fuck u youre about to smoke this blunt 2
 whenever i cant sleep i wanna smoke and listen to like soul and blues music
 if someone can get me tree rn  ill smoke you out fat
 she wanna smoke my dope. let her smoke my dope 
 im off work in 30 min and im so excited to smoke a blunt
 i wanna smoke. so i can eat and go tf to sleep 
 bout to just smoke ...
 got to smoke amp eat tacos .. yesss  das what im talmn bout
 fuck cant sleep damn wanna smoke but gotta make it last ugh stoner insomnia weedmanagement lol
 damn im tryna smoke a blunt
 when you cant wait to smoke to go to the bathroom  do both
 wanna smoke  me flirting ye im d
 think i wanna smoke 
 poppin xans  and smokin weed for my anxiety still cant sleep
 just wanna smoke and sleep
 just gonna smoke myself into a coma
 wanna go smoke but my phone on 4 im boutta go sit in tha car
 its do foggy outside makes me wanna smoke even more 
 its 420.. bout to smoke.
 i made my insomnia wait til 5 am to smoke weed instead of 4. she responsible
 cant wait to get home and smokes
 idk if i wanna eat  smoke  or watch porn. either way im bored
 i smoke meh two   threes da dome wen  im alone
 she wanna smoke all my reefer
 i remember the times id wake you up jus to smoke
 i texted my dad roll up tonight ill smoke a blunt w you lmaooo
 @cashew093 lmao very true  im ready to come home. aint smoked in a good month
 when i go get service on my car they gonna have to be ok with it smelling like weed or ill take it else where
 rally at the state capitol urging legalization of marijuana in w.va.   
 seeing hempfield closed makes me sad
 i got food drinks weed and shit to watch at home......all i got to do is get home 
 @drxwlf smoke a bowl
 about to get some coffee and smoke a blunt. today will be a good day
 need a girl to lay back w me  look at the stars   smoke a blunt and talk about aliens and shit
 all we do is fuck smoke drink and sleep
 today i should do laundry and clean but i think im gonna smoke and read game of thrones instead
 ive been getting up early so i have time to lay around and smoke and listen to music
 anyone wanna smoke weed amp play in snow
 one like and ill smoke a bowl this morning
 cant fuck with a shorty that smoke heavy. just me though 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 im just tryna smoke this blunt in peace
 gonna shovel  smoke  get a shower  smoke amp pour myself a glass of wine cause its a motha fucking snow day yall 
 this that smoke an eighth and binge watch shameless type of weather.
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 wish i had a blunt right now.. id smoke it amp go right back to sleep.
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 lockhart smokehouse coming to arlington 
 i cant even eat needta smoke before my breakfast
 i wanna smoke with new people. hit me up if you in the ville
 tryna smoke a nice fat blizzard l
 ever smoke a blunt in the shower..
 yo im trying to go drive a round and smoke weed in this storm. or w.e this is lol
 wanna go sledding. wanna smoke. wanna eat breakfast. wanna fuck. then fuck again. then smoke again. drink hot chicolate snowday
 lets smoke a blunt or two ill  fuck you good then cuddle you.
 @collinhood of course i wanna smoke about it
 come home and make me bacon burgers while we drink wine and smoke hookah like old times  
 has anybody invented edible edible undies yet... like w weed
 my friends want me to learn how to roll so today will be the day  im by my lonely so if i wanna smoke i got to learn
 you know youre a lazy p.o.s. when you want to smoke so you buy a new bowl instead of cleaning out your current bowl
 about to go to my house to do a few dabs and then run some errands... probably smoke a few joints too 
 ima roll up some of this weed and pass it to you and we gon be soooo goneeeee
 niggas wanna kill everybody but trump i dont get itsomebody smoke that nigga
 just woke up bout to smoke so its good 
 i jus wanna smoke  but no money cause i just booked this vacation
 whoooo wanna smokeeee
 they should smoke a blunt 
 my mom didnt give me a ride to school soooo im just gonna smokeeee
 my kids will be welcome to smoke and drink at home. id rather them watch a movie and smoke a blunt in their room than go out and get caught
 fiending off half smoked ash tray cigarettes is the definition of rock bottom
 she can roll up weed and she go both wayss
 a snow day with no weed is lame not gonna lie
 new bucket list item smoke a fat ass blunt with @berniesanders
 me and my nigga was just having the conversation about how everybody wanna smoke good but dont wanna pay for good shit
 work  smoke  work smoke smoke
 these females only wanna juug and smoke ... lazy hoe dont wanna work 
 lets give the kid that smells like weed 5 days off so they can go smoke more weed 
 cant wait to smoke some la bud
 really want to smoke a blunt and go back to sleep
 why the fucj isnt your boyfriend at work and why the fuck do you have friends over at 9 am im trying to smoke before work
 im over this cold as weather and this wind. im ready to smoke a blunt and climb the fuck back into bed.
 when you dippin outta class an red walks around the corner an says where you goin boys gonna go smoke a lil reef 
 i wanna smoke 
 educate yourself on why cannabis is illegal 
 i cant wait for the day im able to smoke a blunt in my bed
 anyone wanna come over  build an igloo with me  and then smoke some weed in it
 anybody wanna smoke and listen to hot mulligan w me
 tbh  just wanna smoke
 when is the next hemp con im tryna do like 50 dabs lol
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying just smoke by mumfordampsons cubevenue
 xxl freshman will forsure be smokepurpp and xxxtentacion
 baby need to get home from work already to smoke hookah and watch movies with me..  
 posted till work   i know somebody gonna come pull up and smoke lol
 sounds like gonna smoke it lol 
 @djwbowen bruhh i wanna smoke a joint with future and talk about obama
 how are you gonna wait for me to pull up to tell me you dont have weed then ask for a ride bruh my fckn goodnesss get your life
 preston wakes up at early asf  smokes for hours and then passes out again before i even wake up.
 i smoke 2 joints in the morning i smoke 2 joints at night i smoke 2 joints in the afternoon it makes me feel all right
 screw thirsty thursday  lets smoke weed marijuana 420 losangeles thursdaymotivation 
 need someone to smoke a blunt amp go sleddinggg withhh
 dry rubbed  smoked for 6 hours and ready to fall off the bone  grab an order  half rack or full 
 today is a day to stay home smoke and watch movies 
 cant wait to get off grab some food weed amp watch the cavs
 i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 cant wait for school to be over so i can smoke a blunt cos i deserve it
 if youre gonna smoke in the bathroom dont put your ashes in the floor
 this assignment about weed is supposed to be 12 pages but its gonna be like 5 
 i cant wait to smoke this blunt
 i need to smoke a fat blunt
 if i smoke dis blunt girl im gon forget u
 i hella deserve to go home right now smoke one stick of cigarette  a blunt and drink myself to sleep
 i just wanna ride in my ride with the top down  and smoke weed with my niggas..
 i roll it i roll it i smoke it i smoke it
 most people wait for 420 to smoke weed all day  i wait for 420 to be on the beach. 
 i just wanna smoke.
 i need to smoke cant wait for my last class to end at 345 .
 @famousdex in miami lets link n smoke sum gas
 i just wanna smoke  draw  watch movies and drink coffee today
 i told myself i wasnt gonna smoke until i finished studying yet here i am high as fuck
 i smoke while i roll 
 when i get off i just wanna smoke a fatty.
 i wanna get so high today where i never want to smoke again 
 im gonna be in the worst mood all day.. im not even at work yet but i cant wait to be done and come home and smoke a blunt.
 fuck a bitch and smoke a blunt 
 i honestly just wanna smoke all the time
 i just wanna smoke amp eat .. smh
 i want to get my cannabis card tomorrow. who knows of a place to go to 
 roll up your stress and smoke the rest.
 my professor keeps talking shit about weed. im still gonna roll up when i get home lmao.
 whos tryna smoke some blunts n go shooting
 the whole crib is available for usage if you wanna smoke  blow in the garage 
 in30minutesorlessicould smoke a bowl.
 we go to the park after smoke that tumble weed 
 everyone is your friend when they wanna get smoked up 
 this my fellow peers is why you dont smoke bathsalts. 
 im so responsible its a snow day and im not even gonna smoke lmao.
 i jus wanna ol lady i can smoke a eighth wit and ride to lake murray on some cake shit 
 finished organizing 90gbs of drum samples. i need beer and some weed
 kinda sketch like hey wanna smoke on a boat ...... like pls dont kidnap me but everything was super dope  heh
 go smoke 
 bitches smoke hookah everyday u bitches gonna be aging in dog years soon
 i jus wanna smoke a fat blunt and be chill asf 
 heard its snowing back home ..im coolin in a nice short sleeve about to smoke this blunt and sip on some apple jui 
 i wanna smoke bro
 bout to be a stripklub dj and grow weed in kali. onme
 hey shit heads if youre gonna smoke on a smoke free campus the least you can do is not leave your cigbutts all over the sidewalk.
 i just smoked a blunt with your boyfriend
 how to fuck the world with my chest full of smoke
 anyone wana smoke and eat later on me perhaps 
 all these young teens wanna do is smoke and drink 
 fresh off the j finna pay a few bills n smoke one fuck around n be tucked in by 830
 10x outta 10 i aint gonna chill witchaa  100x outta 100 i aint smoke witchaa  1000x outta 1000 i aint gonna fuck witchaa
 the day i actually woke up early to get some work done   hempfield actually decides to cancel  okay
 made my criminal justice exam my bitch and finished my final draft for english. so its safe to say im gonna smoke a blunt the size of me
 eat cigs smoke food
 work sleep smoke repeat.
 does anyone have any tylenol 3s4sother need painkillers for my tooth. but dont wanna be that guy getting vicodin like im buying weed.
 should i just go home so i can smoke my weed after i get my hair done or should i go hang and smoke somebody elses 
 wanna smoke so much on my bday i wanna forgot how old im turning
 wanna smoke so much on my bday i wanna forget how old im turning
 smoke weed everyday im on probation 
 i got places to enjoy with you roll it up and smoke a joint with you
 fr...nigga gon smoke a blunt and forget the conversation existed 
 i rlly just wanna go home and smoke then finish my cheesy california burrito  
 i wanna smoke 
 all i wanted was to smoke a blunt after work but i cant do that  
 pizza lowkey sounds lit for dinner might just grab adriaticos and smoke a blunt tonight
 havent smoked in over a month so i was gonna reward myself with a dab do i went to the dispensary but it was hella busy so no dabs for me
 amp if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you 
 i wanna smoke 
 fuck that i just wanna smoke a cig damn 
 like someone come smoke with me bc i wanna cry
 ima start eating before i come home cause seem like alllll the wanna do is smoke and i like to eat lol df
 ready to go home aint no smoke in banks 
 bro i wasnt gonna smoke before class but will showed me the time was 420 so i took a fat ass dab 
 oakland this saturday come smoke a fat blunt with the queen 
 im about to go get food smoke and pack for my weekend with bae 
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 all i need in life is marlboros  stella rise red wine  hella weed and someone to love
 i wanna be a flower  not a dirty weed 
 i need to cop some weed and shmoke a fat blunt after work im dead ass bored af 
 after i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget u
 forget the days wed waste in bed tangled  the smoke still on your breath
 about to smoke this blunt with mermaid man amp barnacle boy 
 i need to smoke a fat one
 when the weed hit you like a kick to your chest gtgt
 i wanna smoke with @justinbieber so bad
 honestly just wanna smoke bruh.
 cant wait to go home amp drink some henny amp smoke out my new bong lilly 
 ready to go home eat chuckecheese supreme pizza and smoke with you 
 lets smoke a blunt or two
 ever prayed to the lord for the blunt you bout to smoke 
 @yair920 if you smoke cigs i just cant fuck wit you
 cant wait to get off to smoke fat woods and see what this @jacquees album bout 
 neighbors and the pirus fuck with me and get smoked or fuck with me and smoke too 
 i just smoked out of a gatorade bottle and i think that sums up how this night is gonna go
 this makes me wanna smoke again  
 wya lets smoke
 mainly smoke but i drink occasionally 
 @javier2live bruh smoke a l and forget bout that
 ready to get off work and smoke a fat ass blunt
 i wanna be laid up w michael amp smokey right now
 just wanna smoke blunts and go drifting
 or just sell me weed idc im depressed an i wanna die i just want smth to take the edge off 
 holy smokes  what a move 
 wait till i get mine imma smoke you  
 my dad just told me that if im gonna smoke weed that i need to smoke him out
 im trying smoke a blunt  have an intellectual conversation  then fuck till im sleep 
 need someone i can kick it w   smoke a blunt   lay back talk about life or some shit .
 if you wanna go and get high with me  smoke a l in the back of a benze
 youre the kind of girl i wanna hangout and smoke with you seriously so chill 
 come smoke this blunt with me
 he was gonna end up there one way or another   sir.  get a drink  open the window and sneak a smoke. itll be fun. 
 i need a blunt before i smoke a blunt
 i just wanna smoke a bowl 
 really just wanna go home and smoke and snuggle under my blankets forever
 i have 0 in my bank account but im bout to eat a deep dish pizza and smoke a blunt blessed
 bout to smoke this last blunt w foolie 
 time to smoke a blunt
 like i dont even wanna smoke hookah no more cuz ion wanna get ashes no where
 i smoke everyday amp dont own a ash tray 
 the chaos candidate that became the chaos president indulging in smoke amp mirrors practices getting on the job civics lessons. braindrain
 i got 5 grams of good weed for free today am i dreaming
 cant wait to smoke hellllla blunts when i get home 
 when u get a tryna smoke a blunt text after doing nothing all day 
 lets smoke this weekend amp get munchies then eat healthy my mom to me 
 if i dont smoke i cant eat
 you should wait until you get home to drink and smoke your weed bill  more quotes by my dad
 when i smoke this blunt imma forget about you
 charlotte why do you only run why do you smoke weed
 since ive buying blunts and only buying papers when i smoke hella blunts with my bro i get a fat headache.
 since i started only buying papers when i smoke hella blunts with my bro i get fat headache.
 im only gonna kikc it with this nigga cause he got weed and im in pain
 she say she wanna roll with me amp smoke up all my weed 
 i have to go back to hemphill tomorrow bc i forgot to put my money in the bank and my stuff is due tomorrow lolololol
 i just wanna be lazy today n smoke
 i smoke till i got chest pains 
 charlotte bout to legalize weed
 boo said he dont wanna do nothing this weekend for his birthday but be in the house with me amp smoke 
 she just wanna be around me to smoke my weed  so i rolled a blunt of moonrock and she fell straight to sleep
 ima smoke a nice blunt and not worry about anything 
 i wanna smoke and watch shamless
 so today i decided im ganna stop smoking weed for awhile  i cant fuck around when im trying to get a good paying job.
 when i have my own apartment im gonna be inviting my friends to come smoke and eat breakfast often heheh
 should go to my bff house tonight. smoke his head off  tomorrow his birthday.
 lmao you just catching me on a day where i wanna smoke . nice try pa
 just wanna stay home and smoke 
 anyhow let me go smoke this blunt 
 anyone wanna smoke
 lets smoke a fat joint
 really excited to get back into weed
 i wonder if kendria  misha and cre wanna smoke. 
 my smoke sack better than yours@youngdolph
 @paidwee @imafather1st or just go to the store and get a detox drink . i smoked the night before and still pass
 i wanna go to smokey bones 
 they you wanna smoke texts gtgt
 them you wanna smoke texts gtgt
 she just wanna chill with me amp smoke up all my weed  so i rolled up some of that moonrock amp that bih went straight to sleep 
 kinda wanna chill and smoke hookah while doing homework to feel more arab .. catch is i dont smoke hookah
 hahah i just want this class to be over already so i can go home amp smoke a bowl
 ready to get off work. imma get some wingstop amp alotta weed 
 also  yall need to go listen to that brand new smoke n drive by my 
 @ncarpio @austinbus how you gon eat pussy. amp youll have to smoke out of a bong for the rest of your life
 i just smoked a blunt with your boyfriend
 you dont wanna smoke w my gang 23 00 my chain
 this is perfect weather for lets have a fat smoke session at mikes
 didnt sleep last night so i have the worst headache then bae cousin playing with the weed. i just wanna buy my 3.5 and get high before work
 deciding wether i wanna do a cut crease or smokey eye tomorrow
 she just wanna chill with me an  smoke up all my weed.... so i rolled up some of that moon rock an that bitch went straight to sleep 
 u ever roll such a nice blunt u dont even wanna smoke it
 after work i just wanna cuddle and smoke but thaaaaaat aint happening 
 ugh let me just smoke this l and forget she pissed me off bc then im gonna kill her mid rotation
 i just want to lay in bed and smoke a joint
 legit all i wanna do is smoke my birthday is fucking tomorrrrowwww and nothing can work out for me
 i feel like shit and i just cant wait to go back to madera and smoke fat
 annoyed sammi dont get off till 8 bc i wanna smoke
 tryna figure out why i agreed to smoke a blunt on the way to work. too high 
 let dash sleep in my bed and woke up sleeping on a lighter halfies and weed 
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 i hate being sick. i feel like death  and i wanna smoke but all i do is take a hit  cough  blow my nose  and th 
 anyone in mount pleasant wanna smoke 
 lets just smoke hookah amp then run. thats brilliant  @hannahcheerio
 all i wanna do when i get off work is go home  smoke and eat
 i just wanna smoke and blast some music ..
 i hope one day i could smoke a joint with my momdad and just chill out and talk
 kinda wanna take a nap  kinda wanna smoke a l... could do both but thats just silly
 cold game knowing ya ex a slut but i forget about it all when i smoke on a blunt 
 i wanna go back to la just to smoke on some turbo og again.
 such a beautiful day. i have been our weeding and composting our raised beds grateful for a 
 moms needa smoke sum bc i stay doing stuff that makes her wanna fuck me up.  
 i got me weed and my food a bitch is heading home
 and if i smoke this blunt  girl imma forget you
 the weed here good dab too 
 now yall wanna come to gr and dont wanna bring smoke purpp. this some major shit dawg. 
 i just wanna smoke
 i just smoked a blunt wit your girlfriend
 you fuck around get smoke
 anyone wanna smoke 
 anyone wanna smoke 
 i wanna be a hobbit so i can do nothing but smoke  and eat twelve meals a day and have a figure like pippins.
 one day me and mr key are gonna smoke 7 blunts
 myvalentinein4words i want a weed sack.
 whats moves im tryna smoke 
 last home match  come watch your cv colts take on hempfield tonight at 7pm
 dejuan i cant smoke a blunt with you no more 
 hell yeah there is an eclipse tonight forsure gonna smoke a couple blunts watching it 
 im such a horrible influence.... i make gaby eat all the marijuanas
 wine  hookah and weed
 i cant wait to do a face mask and smoke a bowl when i get home
 its the perfect weather to just smoke a blunt an watch movies all day
 lets smoke a blunt or two. ill fuck you good then cuddle you.
 came home from work pissed af  smoked a blunt and listened to my favorite songs and now i cant stop thinkin how blessed i am. life is good
 who down to go in a weedcation in co with me 
 u should juss stop smoking if u gonna smoke twigs my dude  
 i just wanna smoke and sleep all day 
 man i fuckin hate this being an adult shit. i just wanna smoke weed and chill and read and get all the tattoos.
 if i smoke this blunt im gon forget you
 she wanna smoke my dope  aye lett her smoke my dope
 deadass dont feel like going out tonight. just wanna smoke and chill.
 mood smoke a blunt and cuddle while we watch attack on titans
 mfs always got me rolling their blunts and joints for em. if you wanna smoke weed yall gon have to get this shit figured out lmao
 oh god it is so good  to get out of bed  and drink too much coffee  and smoke too many cigarettes  and punch nazis
 the stream of one liners in baskets is second to none.  im not gonna smoke heroin in applebees mom
 me when i wake up from a weed nap  waterrrrrrrrrrr  
 i wanna smoke
 i just wanna smoke tbh
 when you wanna smoke but dont feel like rolling up smh
 its sad i cant leave my own damn weed in my own damn drawer
 the only thing i wanna do right now is lay up next to baby and smoke a few blunts 
 its always better when you smoke your porkbelly yourself @juniperandivy restaurantlife yummy 
 i wanna smoke more weed but i dont feel like walking back home rn
 when you just wanna smoke people out  order food and have a good time but nobody wants to hang with you.
 your gonna meet alotta people in life that are gonna wanna smoke the blunt. but only the real ones wanna roll it
 happy cause im bout to smoke amp eat this edible 
 i always tell myself im not gon smoke then i always end up with a blunt in my hand 
 eww im so ready to smoke a blunt
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  and i say girl thats all that we do.
 while thug father wait i mean fathers. drink beer smoke grass  and drive a nicer car than i do. fuck that this nee 
 still have work to do before the week ends. but it can wait until after i smoke this cigar and drink this beer.
 i just wanna ride around and smoke but like i have no friends with cars sooo.... cant do that 
 lets vibe in bed  drink henny and smoke a few
 wow i cant wait to get home and smoke a fat ass blunt w my guy this is tew much
 been here 30 mins and done already had 2 drinks and smoked a blunt 
 i do not sleep so i got me a freak just to stay up n i cannot eat so i got some weed roll a j up
 guess ill drink the rest of this drink   smoke and go to bed
 i just smoked a blunt with yo gf
 all ali does is hookah  smoke  and eat smh
 i wanna smoke again
 if i smoke this l imma forget about u
 fuck off my sack faggets  lets me smoke 
 if i smoke this blunt imma forget about u
 smoke weed and kick it
 i just wanna smoke
 i just wanna cruise n smoke hella blunts
 bouto go home. smoke amp go fw cusso. nun else to do 
 need to go home smoke and watch some nikita. fasho
 i just wanna smoke amp cuddle
 niggas talkin work you gonna have to smoke me
 bout to smoke this bowl with ol girl and hop on cod
 vodka keep my stomach fucked up mayne cant wait till im off probation get my smoke on bruh
 i just wanna smoke a blunt in the rain 
 lmao thats why i moved to cali yo  i just wanna kick my feet up and smoke bro. that pointless drama is dead bro
 how many girls you gonna screw over before you realize that weed cant hold you down 
 if yall wanna make america great again we should make everyone walk around singing smokey robinson songs.
 i just wanna smoke real quick
 why the weed dry in the blunt 
 all blunt guts go to heaven all weed stems go to hell
 gonna smoke myself to sleep 
 since my new work schedule i barely have to smoke or hand out ls on psn i aint been online in 2 weeks
 anyone down to smoke and drink day off tomorrow 
 was gonna go out but i think im gonna stay in and smoke.
 catts talking to her parents rn about weed and how we wanna be stoner hippies and im so confused why shes telling them.
 when you smoke w ur other manager before they go home  
 i wanna smoke a blunt 
 the suns gon get them boots smoked
 wanna get to dallas already so i can smoke a badass blunt 
 just wanna know if the parents of the girl who lives next to me know theyre paying tuition for her to smoke in her room all day
 someone come get me i wanna smoke amp go to jack in the box 
 so stressed out i just need too smoke and fat wood and cryyy all this anger out 
 wanna get helllla people together amp smoke hella weeed 
 if we are gonna smoke and you bring me a white owl we not gonna smoke
 rad day at work  lets smoke about it
 colt 45 makes me wanna smoke newport 100s
 this sour diesel is soo dank makes me wanna smoke again
 age 20  old enough to be scolded with privileges  but you still cant drink or smoke  but how do you wanna cel 
 and all i wanna do is eat jacks and smoke 
 gonna spend my night packaging alot of orders if anyone wants to come over amp help ill provide wine amp the smoke out
 all it takes to cut down on smokes is sleep
 this denver weed bout to put me to sleep
 i just wanna eat pbampj  smoke marijuana  and fuck white bitches. stop tryna call me on all that you need to come to work bullshit.
 i just wanna chill n smoke
 i wanna be a flower  not a dirty weed. i wanna smell like roses  not a baseball team
 you wanna smoke wassup. @chiefkeef
 anyone wanna pick up weed and blaze it d
 about to just go smoke a blunt   but match anyone 
 smoking alll that weed be having me eat all day im get bigg asf 
 man i wish i can smoke a fatass blunt rn
 i just wanna smokeeeee
 im gonna smoke so many cigs in the apocalypse.
 kinda wanna smoke hella blunts and cry
 wanna smoke this blunt to help relax 
 just smoked some pressure lol
 wake up smoke  or wonder how he gone smoke   eat sleep thats his day tho
 i just need to smoke so i can go to sleep
 finna go smoke this blunt.
 go smoke a fucking joint and drive off a bridge
 why smoke if you are gonna inhale it then literally blow it right back out..
 i just wanna smoke and go watch a movieee
 all i wanna do is smoke and vibe wit ya
 stoked to smoke this joint amp lay in my bed
 nigga i just wanna go home and smoke
 backyard firepit is getting set up and friends that wanna drink and smoke hmu empty house
 once this pizza gets here imma fuck it up and smoke myself to sleep inthatorder
 i always had someone to go smoke and eat with when i lived in the bay  really over eating alone lmao.
 wanna smoke but dont feel like getting up
 wanna smoke 
 kinda wanna smoke right now
 she just wanna smoke and fuck and i said girl thats all that we do
 anyone wanna smoke this blunt with me 
 when u dont wanna waste weed crumbs so u eat that shit
 i cant wait to be high af and care free at cannabis cup in 2 weeks
 crack a window we gonna smoke this indo
 any of my friends gonna be around to smoke in a hr 
 women  weed n weather
 all nosey  but i just wanna smoke.
 just wanna smoke a blunt and have a deep convo
 might have a sesh... kinda wanna smoke
 im gonna smoke this bowl  take a shower  cuddle my dog  play some battlefront  tell my girl how much i love her and go to sleep. burnedout
 i wanna go for a long ass drive and smoke a blunt or acquire thousands of dollars any option is good
 i just wanna smoke bowls and swim laps
 i been sleep all day and i dont even wanna go smoke  i wanna play tomorrow
 im deadass bout to fucking cry lmfao bro im tryna roll me a fucking blunt snd smoke this shit already fuck mannnnn
 just wanna smoke  hoop  and chill
 i just wanna chill and smoke green with my guys @lyonking 
 @sarahpruitt2 lol wait that was for drinking. i didnt breastfeed for long though. but girl go ahead and smoke lmao. you deserve it
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 only a girl can leave home with 1 blunt. but smoke 6 and come back home with that same blunt 
 i wanna go smoke a blunt at mount bonnel but no one to schmoke wit
 when i smoke after work i stay up.
 all i want to do is smoke and l in the back of the benzee
 anyone wanna come over and smoke 
 cant wait to get to the room a smoke a dab
 so upsetttttttt. i just wanna smoke 
 i just want to smoke a blunt and cuddle 
 stuck between if i should just lay here or if i should go smoke this blunt. hmmmm 
 some one smoke a blunt w me after work
 im just tryna smoke a bowl or 3
 bout to smoke n ko
 second smoke weed amp eat hella fruit
 zelenas gonna pop out of that cloud of smoke @onceabc 
 this broke college student diet eat 12 per day  smoke a few bowls a day  sleep for dinner really snatched tf out my waist 
 im jus up rn n aint nobody up wit weed
 i just rolled a blunt and im debating so hard if i should take a bath and smoke it or not be extra and just smoke it
 had a shitty night lets smoke a blunt instead
 fuck outta here with that deep rap im just tryna smoke this blunt and wild out to some ignorant shit
 i smoke the gas out the blunt i smoke the gas out the blunt
  smoke some weed amp go to sleep   i just might
 whats the point of driving a prius if youre gonna smoke cigarettes@k3ik0
 if you dont go home early to smoke out your mama your doing life wrong
 for all the people that work tomorrow. stay up g. ill smoke a bkunt for you while im laying down in my bed 
 i just want to smoke with my bff in silence but hes sleep most likely 
 cant wait til the day i live life smoke free. lol.
 told him not to gts while i smoke this blunt but i know he gone be ko when i go in there. 
 kinda wanna gon bowling or bww or smoke hookah tonight idk
 i just wanna smoke already 
 once im done with my car  if the day ever comes. i need a date to the races. we gon smoke and ride all day.
 she jus wanna smoke and fuck i said girl das all that we do
 we gonna wake up the neighbors treefer can smoke up acres  so slime @jeromemilly1
 i wish i had a babe.... i wanna smoke and grab some food
 fell asleep with a blunt rolled but meant to smoke it. oh well  that wake n bake about to be nice. perso 
 how you just gonna sit there and compare weed to a date rape drug though
 ill smoke a blunt with him on his bday 
 i just smoked a blunt with your boyfriend
 gotta smoke an l to go back to sleep
 so because you smoke the equivalent of 10 a girl is supposed to fuck 
 go get them smoke 
 i just wanna smoke
 girls smoke weed and get horny  wana fuck then say its rape  never happen to me or anybody i ever known
  smokes joint  goes back to sleep 
 therefore stop askin why i smoke so much......cause then imma have to fuck you up 
 hate mornings cause i just wanna smoke a blunt but lawrence takes forever to get up cause he stays up all night 
 she just wanna smoke up all my weed
 were gonna smoke a weed 
 my one wish in life is to smoke a fat j with @methodman
 @veganhotdog swear. weed never appealed to me really.
 i should smoke one before work
 hate wen i dnt no morning weed man 
 i just wanna smoke some gas with @wizkhalifa amp @famousdex 
 zu so we gonna smoke and bake hahahaha what
 802 am i wanna smoke a blunt
 sometimes i only wanna smoke backwoods but i remember who tf i am
 boutta smoke solo cause niggas wanna sleep in 
 all u do is smoke  fuck you amp fuck off
 after i smoke i wanna go get some food but idk where
 @samjaouni bout to smoke a blunt and be adventurous 
 gonna go see my boyf so we can smoke eat and i can sleep before work 
 i just wanna smoke some weed brotha... 
 finna go home and smoke 
 you should be more worried about who wanna let you borrow their weedwacker so you can handle that new growth 
 o f f i x e  w x  r k @ west hempstead  new york 
 amp you wanna smoke weed but the reefers all gone 
 salmon belly smoked and ready to go  for todays thickcut brunch 103 come and get 
 already thinking about the blunt im gonna smoke when i get off work 
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 who wanna chill and smoke sumn
 bruh tried telling me the edibles he made were gonna smack me lol boyyyy i smoke fat blunts everydayyy
 look i just wanna smoke w someone and give them gas money for a short ride to my uncles so i can sleep god damn
 im jus tryna chill amp smoke tonight 
 someone smoke this blunt with me
 i smoke me 23 to the dome soon as im alone just thinkin bout my life im happy that i made it home
 lets smoke a blunt  roll down the windows  and blast chief keef 
 omg i cant wait for weed to b legal man tx gonna b so lit.
 not nomore i be like oh well shit happens lets go smoke 
 she wanna go out and party  i just wanna stay here and smoke.
 i know she wanna ride with me smoke my weed she get high with me
 i wanna know how she finished a blunt in 10 minutes  im a daily smoker and it takes longer than that with two peop 
 we forced the delivery guy to take mad dabs last night and he said he only smoked weed twice before
 i smoke two joints in the morning
 if i dont get sum weed today  my day gon be trash
 shower   work amp homework  smoke and chill in that order 
 if you wanna get fried  you dont even need to smoke. just take the act 
 i ride around in your car i put my weed in yo blunt 
 wanna get friendo to smoke again but its gonna be a hard sell
 high key wanna go to the beach today just to smoke
 if were goin down in flames  the smokes gonna spell my name
 i cant wait to smoke tonight five hurry up
 i wanna smoke sum weed and fukk a gay nigga n his butthole
 we gon wake up n smoke us a blunt n fuck
 i just wanna smoke 
 anyone wanna get mc donalds and smoke
 makes me wanna get a vanity set just for my weed essentials  
 can someone bring me weed pls im sick n cant move
 when you and your novio both work doubles on valentines day its ok tho were gonna smoke and have a lil car me 
 trynna smoke n go watch fifty shades darker tonight
 roll me a fat blunt ...  something to smoke to 
 if someone wants to smoke with me and go to the park lmk because i want to go outtttt
 i just wanna get them ms  smoke amp have me a lilbaddie i can come home to and dick her down 
 whats up mcallen  someone smoke me the fuck out
 i need to smoke a blunt or two now
 just wanna be off work so i can smoke a fat ass blunt 
 im tryna lay on a beach and smoke blunts forever
 i want to smoke a fat ass blunt and sit my ass down in a planetarium
 ight time to get up smoke this 3.5 amp go out to eat  been waiting for a off day . 
 i smoked 4 woodz im smacked 
 i also wanna smoke a blunt 
 i just want a stoner friend so we smoke in the morning and go eat  shit even at midnight
 didnt smoke before work. fuck
 she just wanna smoke amp fuck ...girl thats all that we do
 someone smoke blunt with me
 having to be 21 for blunt wraps is evil. someone smoke w me gimme a blunt wrap ill fill it w weed.
 i wanna smoke with tj again @freebandztj
 haha bro come smoke this bowl out of my ass
 anyone wanna smoke 
 cant wait to smoke a bowl w colejohn again
 tbh i just wanna smoke n fuck
 wanna smoke a blrnt in the sun w good company
 my office tonight for a weeding gig with @wildoutent @ the vault 
 i steady come to the same spot to smoke and one day someone living in these apartments is gonna roll up on me 
 i just smoke a sac count it back then i roll back
 think im gonna go lay out by the pool and smoke blunts when i get off work that sounds so soothing.
 oh no. i left my charger and smokes at home. this is gonna be a long ass shift.
 i just wanna smoke some weed
 i have a blunt in my car  should i smoke it for lunch amp come back lit as fuck smelling like dank
 i just wanna smoke a blunt with wiz someday
 i do wanna smoke some weed
 you wont let people sleep drink  smoke express themselves  talk  breathe  now ordinary eating too ..
 i lost more than a 8th of weed so im bout to get sloppy drunk
 pretty day to smoke a blunt on the beach 
 i smoke to stay sane n thats sad but true
 beautiful day to smoke some beef and work outside 75degreeweathergardentimelotsofworkahead 
 cant wait to smoke a blunt when i get off 
 i just wanna chill drink smoke fuck
 me amp cap use 2 smoke back 2 back amp ride wit gats around
 im just gonna chill in my robe and smoke lol
 go listen to the track i ft. in      old school vibes  chill to smoke too
 who wanna get smoked out on feb.14
 bruhhhh i just want to smoke  get some head  and knockout.
 never take an l  only smoke one.
 i wanna smoke now bc of diego and izzy
 were gonna drink some wine  smoke a bowl amp call it a night 
 kid weed bout to die 
 i wanna smoke soooo bad 
 when ur stressed n sad n wanna smoke but u cant bc ur sick 
 whos tryna smoke a blunt and drink some wine on this beautiful day
 been a brazy week  bouta chill hardcore the rest of the day. maybe smoke myself silly 
 whats your favorite blunt to smoke
 amp then wonder why i wanna smoke weed lmao. prime example .
 just ready smoke this gas and go to bed 
 my while family just said wheres the ganja and all pointed to me and told me to roll a blunt.. i am dead
 i just wanna get home amp smoke 
 i just wanna smoke this hoover pack thats in my pocket. but im @ work sadly 
 ill smoke a fat ass blunt or buy food for whoever comes and massages me and i swear im serious as fuck
 i wanna go back in time and smoke a fatty with my pops.  
 i know its cliche as fuck  but i cant wait to get back to the rez and smoke and listen to slayer.
 before i eat i smoke amp after i eat i smoke again..
 i cannot wait to go home change and smoke the fattest bowl ever 
 wanna smoke my emotions away tonight 
 pete rock let smoke dza pick from 1000 beats like go head work
 i just wanna chill drink smoke fuck
 cant wait to smoke this fat ass blunt when i get off
 cant wait to get home and smoke a blunt 
 if you wanna smoke loud bomb kush hmu 
 who wanna be part of this smoke session tonight
 really just wanna smoke amp watch the game tonight 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gonna forget you
 im high as fuck. been smokin all day. bouta smoke 2 more ls lmao
 i kinda wanna be fat tonight and just smoke   eat and watch netflix
 someone smoke a blunt wit me
 i just wanna fuck   smoke and chill 
 anyone wanna smoke and watch the russel shit on curry 
 im sooooooo bored and i kinda just wanna smoke a jew joints and watch the sun go down but the sunset is stacking up to be so plain
 lazy ass weedmans 
 i wanna smoke now 
 you wanna smoke  it aint a thangg
 lets stay up late amp smoke a j... i wanna go back to the old way 
 i smoke before work  when i get home from work  while im cooking  and before a shower. i smoke before smoking. lmao
 i really just wanted to go smoke and take picture today 
 holy shit people love weedblaze....  i will post more doodles when i get home from work
 nobody aint home bouta cop food  watch movies  amp smoke weed....
 so proud of smoke today i cant wait for tomorrow
 i been having insomnia lately and im really thinking about smoking weed just to be able to sleep
 i just wanna smoke. anyone tryna smoke 
 im 25 my dad over here lecturing me about weed and all it makes me wanna do is smoke lol
 who wanna smoke 
 lets smoke
 somebody smoke with me i just wanna chill...
 wanna know whats really bad for you smoking weed amp getting drunk every single weekend idiot
 pat amp prince only come to my room when they wanna smoke
 cant wait 2 go home n smoke
 i just wanna smoke order pizza and listen to the front bottoms man wtf
 some come cuddle with me and smoke a blunt
 cant wait to smoke when i get off
 blunt smokes  
 man i just really wanna smoke
 u wanna smoke a blunt  ya lets go  ...  still sitting down on the couch stuck on the phones
 im tryn smoke doe wusgood
 anyone wanna smoke
 fist day in forever i aint got plans bout to sit in the bath and smoke a blunt
 i jus wanna chill and smoke with you
 here we go  you cant talk shit when youre getting smoked. and everyones gonna praise him for it too when they lose my 30
 trynna smoke up just dont wanna alone hmu
 lets smoke a blunt amp discuss our life plans 
 anyone on earth wanna smoke
 who wanna smoke with the bros  tired of looking st these ugly niggas lol 
 i just want to go home and shower and smoke a bowl i dont have time for this.
 i dont wanna smoke bowls
 gunna smoke a fat one before i k.o.
 eat my weed 
 she said she wanna roll w me and smoke up all my weed
 i just wanna smoke and watch catfish
 maaan im really trying not to smoke but you always irk my nerves every night amp i cant be going to bed all upset  big f u to u
 this is why ceramic style smokergrill. parked at 220f now. at 9am when i get up to check on it  itll be at 190. 1 
 when your boo thang doesnt smoke so you cant relate  
 when your boo thang doesnt smoke so you cant relate  
 does anyone wanna smoke
 so ready to smoke this blunt. amp be knocked.
 i jus smoked a blunt with your girlfriend 
 slow night.. so ill just roll my weed and enjoy my own company.
 i just wanna smoke amp go to sleep 
 good weed   good wine    its gonna be a good night.
 just gonna smoke
 my mom and her husband needa go tf home from this function so i can smoke
 the night i wanna smoke   dont nobody got loud  bms
 no telling whats gone happen after i smoke  this blunt 
 about to smoke a fat 1 n lay down with my baby girl 
 just gonna smoke this denver weed and take notes on life
 fuck you smokes 
 imma smoke amp go to sleep amp shut up before i violate lol
 i wanna smoke marijuana 
 im on my first smoke break of the day and im seriously debating whether im gonna even go back in.
 whos down to get some 40s and smoke a blunt 
 im such a good girl instead of going to a party ima just smoke a blunt with ale and watch a movie
 lets smoke a blunt  watch cosmos  and fuck all night
 i just smoked a blunt with youre girlfriend 
 all i wanna do is smoke man 
 i wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke so bad right now 
 who got wax n wanna smoke fat hmu to come threw we patching
 someone smoke this kush with me i wanna conversate
 i wanna sit in a dark room  smoke and sing to myself i swear that be having me feeling so good.
 if anyone wanna smoke me out that would be great
 i wanna smokeeee
 i really dont wanna smoke by myself 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt amp go to sleep 
 smoking a joint and rolling the second joint to smoke while i roll the joint ill be smoking on my work commute in 5 hrs
 let me go smoke
 who wanna smoke 
 yeah im not a social smoker.. im a ready to go to bed smoker ..
 fuck it. gonna go smoke another bowl.
 your sister boyfriend gives you that look ........ lets smoke and chill so you know whats about to go down. wha 
 damn i wanna smoke
 this weed treatin me soo good right now  im bout to sleep good dab 
 thats what verrado kids do  listen to jazz and smoke weed
 so a customer at work told me to go smoke a blunt today too bad i dont smoke weed 
 so a customer at work told me to go smoke a blunt today too bad i dont smoke weed  
 should i smoke fuck it 
 im tryna go smoke a blunt.. so can one of these bitches knock each other out lmao
 i wanna smoke
 came home to find a house filled with smoke  a burnt to a crisp black pizza in the oven  and dad passed out asleep in his bed fully clothed
 no ride home someone pick me up well smoke a fat ass blunt or something
 i smoke 2 joints before i smoke 2 joints then i smoke some more 
 woke up from my nap. gonna smoke a blunt by myself and watch a documentary 
 bought weed  got high  then i lost the rest of my weed. soml
 bouta smoke this personal and go to sleep 
 everyones getting drunk tonight but i just wanna chill amp smoke
 i cant wait to smoke this blunt and just calm the hell down.
 i wanna smoke but i aint got no rillos 
 on bd these damn weed head want let me go to sleep man
 @imjustthugin campusi wanna smoke but i need a atm
 its crossed my mind about 4 times that i should roll this blunt and go smoke it..
 i wanna heat up my food amp go smoke but im scared my stomach gonna fuck me over 
 this bitch wanna smoke all my weed
 m i wish i could just do this forever t what  smoke weed  listen to music  roll on molly  amp watch heman m precisely  @toriemingus
 i just wanna smoke 
 that weed  put my ass to sleep seriously  im just waking up looking stupid.. with nobody to talk to.
 cant wait to smoke a fat one after this long ass shift
 my moms told me to smoke a blunt im dead
 all i wanna do is smoke and watch tim and eric
 really dont wanna be home i want to drink amp smoke 
 and a chest full of weed  
 should i eat weed
 i just climbed to my roof just to smoke a bowl. im just that extra. 
 to do list for tonight  1. smoke a bowl 2. grab ben amp jerrys in the freezer 3. watch htgawm 4. wait for the are you up text
 so ready to take my shoes off and smoke a blunt.
 anyone wanna get picked up and smoke 
 i gota smoke after this
 so is anyone tryna smoke a big fat one with me or...
 when i smoke this blunt ima forget about you 
 yuppie dracula by smokey bastard is nowplaying in devils advocate  minneapolis.
 who want smoke  i have to do this home work
 to smoke a blunt or to not smoke a blunt 
 i really wanna sleep   but i also kinda wanna smoke .
 i cant sleep im boutta smoke myself into a coma brb
 im bout to smoke my 7th blunt tonight 
 so nobody wanna run me couple spot ill smoke plus give u 5
 i really just wanna smoke.
 im tryna smoke some ls n rub ass
 i drank when i wanna smoke ido ido @zachfarlow this song mothaf rides  
 i couldnt wait to go on lunch so i could smoke...i brought legit everything but the tree ..i opened my bottle that mf was empty as shit 
 rather smoke weeed then drink...... 
 if someone brought me tacos rn id smoke em out fat
 im trippin on acid rn and fuck avilrne wants me to smoke this fat ass fucking blunt w her rn  how is that gunna go
 bout to smoke this l and be rocked 
 @mikeekhoury stroudsburgh lets smoke a blunt
 this new not smoking weed thing is crazy. im never gonna sleep haha
 early morning smoke sess  
 neeeed a girls day when i get home. nails weed drinks
 sos weed or blunt
 i just wanna smoke and yall are making this shit so complicated
 cant wait to get back to my car so i can smoke this  
 i just wanna smoke backwoods n listen to good music
 do you ever see how little weed you have and youre still irrational and roll it all into a blunt instead of saving some
 cant wait to be able to smoke again and get my sleeping back. insomnia really sucks these days.
 boutts smoke n jus go to sleep
 all spanish girls smoke hookah 
 i was gonna go on a jog but now i just gonna go smoke on mountain
 for her to be 50 ish  not sure what cigarettes she smokes or hard liquor she drinks wow she looks horrible. maybe s 
 i need a girl to roll the blunt  to smoke with me
 the best way to get the kids up is to have all nine smoke detectors go off for once changethebatteries goodmorning
 i wake up ready to smoke one
 she just wanna chill with me and smoke up all my weed  so i rolled up some of that moon rock and that bitch went straight to sleep 
 hella sad that kids these days need to drink  smoke and do other shit to have fun
 ion wanna be stuck in the crib all day smh. but sundays be my lazy days and im prolly gonna just smoke facials all day 
 i wanna do something today. i dont mind smoking but id rather not smoke today
 she said she wanna roll with me amp smoke up all my weed 
 its crazy bc i have weed rn but i dont wanna roll it bc its trash i got finessed
 @vwofficial @helenyarmakintl @pamellaroland cant wait to see the showltgt smoke that liven
 boutta go smoke a blunt and cook some food..
 bout to smoke a blunt
 really just wanna smoke and chill on valentines
 gonna smoke to warm myself up cause fuck the cold old ld d
 im about to go fucking crazy tonight in grand junction. i got excess weed. lets go.
 i wanna smoke marijuana today
 someone do u wanna smoke  me 
 once i smoke thats it  im hungry meow
 i should do more on my days off than smoke and sleep
 all he wanna do is smoke that kale with me
 who wants to smoke this blunt w me
 if the first thing you say to me is lets smoke a blunt  ill love you forever
 i refuse to give anyone else money to smoke  so ill just wait until ashley comes back
 ill wake up an smoke before i wake up an eat lol
 imma smoke this blunt after work and chill all night watching hulu  havent done that in a long time 
 i honestly just wanna smoke good eat good and lay up today 
 sunday morning smoke amp jam out to music sesh w @alaskannikkii   goodmorning
 smoked all her weed and kick her out 2017
 all i wanna do is smoke weed and eat honey buns whats so bad about that
 cant sleep   drink   smoke   or fucc  what a day 
 just want somebody i can kick it with smoke blunt or 2 with amp fuck on  just being honest  .
 seriously only getting out of my bed today to smoke a nice l
 babygirl just wanna smoke a pound  do an ounce  get some dick  tell her friends about it
 i smoke a blunt in the morning i smoke a blunt after that 
 as soon as i get back im just gonna drive and smoke a bowlski to clear my head for a while...
 when you wake up dont eat and smoke it feels like your stomach is eating itself im so hungry
 anybody wanna smoke or something i need some entertainment
 im trying to smoke marijuana and eat some food today
 toyotaofboerne is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 am i the only one that loves to drive around and smoke and jam the fuck out.
 why smoke it when you can eat it mom
 angel just woke up. tells me hes gonna smoke then take a nap... how
 bouta smoke this l and watch shameless
 i wake up early in the morning grab my blunt and smoke
 imma swipe ya name up off my schedule and if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 i cant wait to get high  im abouta just smoke w my mom
 i just wanna roll up hella weed with my feet up
 who wan smoke
 i still roll my weed in papers
 when no one wants to smoke and go eat  treatyoself
 @hellcopters @sethrogen im not gonna lie idc what anybody thinks.. i just wanna see another pineapple express damn i wish navy let us smoke
 guess im ganna smoke this blunt in the shower alone 
 gonna get all dolled up  wear my new dress  go to the mall shop amp stunt then smoke a few blunts amp grubbb. anyone wanna join 
 bruh i cant not smoke an be in the house all day   thats jus gone motivate me to smoke more weed 
 i wanna smoke   have sex then smoke again
 if she aint got ass ion wanna smash  weed so good ion wanna pass
 @fckinmari lets go i go ins on gas i got weed amp i need a distraction
 someone come over n smoke n watch movies w me  do not wanna be alone again today 
 @imuhgeee ill be home around 8 pm today so we can smoke if u down
 i was in a terrible mood. i smoked a bowl amp now i remember who the fuck i am. lmao idgaf about none of yall
 just tryna smoke a blunt
 too much weed i cant even skroll a blunt @tharealxtra
 you know its gonna be a good sunday when you smoke a blunt in a recording studio. woah.
 wanna smoke buuuuuut
 @cannabistu however in the privacy of the home marijuana is significantly less dangerous more palliative
 and now to smoke a bowl
 someone go half on a gram w me and lets smoke in my granny bed and watch shameless lol
 when im sad i listen to rudy cant fail by the clash so i know that i cant fail it kinda works if i smoke weed with it too lol
 chance should but they gonna give it to the chain smokers 
 i got places to enjoy witchu  roll it up and smoke a joint witchu
 if you wanna leave the premises and go smoke weed  no problem. keep it in your car. go get it smoke. come back.
 bourbon barrel wood smoked pork belly. cant wait till i turn this into bacon thanks jon and 
 imma get a bottle of wine and some strawberries and just smoke and chill valentines day 
 i just wanna order lobster pizza   clock out   smoke an l amp relax 
 ready to get off and go lay down and smoke
 this weather makes me wanna cuddle up and smoke hella joints in bed
 im gonna need weed in long beach later lmk
 fuck around and smoke a bleezy
 anyone wanna go smoke up on the roof
 really just wanna smoke a fat ass wood to the face rn
 i wanna smoke one of them fried ass sticks they be posting on here wit the caption wyd after you smoke dis
 roll the weed up with a dab a wax roll the weed up with a dab a wax  roll the weed up with a dab a wax
 anybody trynna smoke before i go to work
 i wanna smoke a blunt rn but nobody wit the activities
 work  smoke  sleep. on repeat
 food  smoke  smoke  food
 wish i wasnt working . i wanna smoke a blunt   sleep   amp play video games all day .
 cant wait to smoke 
 i ride around in your car i put my weed in your blunt
 i might miss ya.. but watch me smoke this blunt ampi forget cha
 watchin the color purple make me wanna drink some moonshine and smoke a cigar
 i just wanna smoke for vday wit my bitches .
 i guess im gonna have to go smoke by myself again 
 bro favorite question you wanna smoke  
 i almost got a monogram sticker for my car but thatd make me basic and i smoke way more weed than someone who is fucking basic
 wanna smoke about it
 im hungry  i need to smoke  and i just wanna go to sleep.
 i wanna smoke 50 blunts in one day some day ..
 wanna smoke about it
 yo id fight amy you wanna tell me not to smoke you gonna get smoked 
 its fuckin nice out whos tryna chill and smoke some loud
 theres no survivors just the blood scattered all over the place  we built our smoked out locd out in the fuckin chevrolet
 fuck all this negative shit. enjoy life and smoke a j... or 2 
 wanna smoke 
 i just want a boyfriend i can smoke with amp fuck all day everyday amp just lay up with amp just be happy with 
 eyes roll back i spill my drugs  homies roll me up then smoke me in the blunt i am nothing just ash in the cup
 just smoked hollys ass racing go karts lol she sucks
 | i kinda wanna light up a couple smokes  kinda want some crown mixed in my coke  kinda wanna 
 praying for a snow day tomorrow so me and homegirl can just chill in bed smoke hella weed and eat oatmeal
 i might miss you but watch me smoke this blunt and forget about ya 
 i want to smoke tonight and go to sleep.
 bros wanna talk about woods r better than swishers and owls when the last time i checked its the weed that matters most.
 im just gonna smoke a blunt by my lonely
 who wanna smoke a blunt
 @vitaag i got weed rn wanna roll it lmao
 ima smoke a blunt to myself then go get some food  feel free to join me
 we gonna smoke shit like cigarette 
 i need a log cabin  boy  blankets  weed  cuddles right now 
 all this girl make me wanna do is smoke.
 i wanna smoke. i need a blunt.
 someone smoke with me before i go to work
 if she wanna leave tell her my leave list longer than the branches on my weed tree 
 holy smokes ill take this weather in february in south dakota any day of the week. might have 
 anyone wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke so bored but i need a job 
 alcoholics r so gross jus go smoke 
 im about to have a drink and a smoke to calm my nerves
 i smoke 100 blunts as soon as i wake up
 just smoked some rednecks and holly in go carts again  when are nascar try outs 
 let me go smoke and figure out whos life im ruining tonight
 bout to smoke eat then shower
 i want to go to the beach n smoke a blunt as i watch the sunset
 i cant wait to get home and smoke a fat backwoods
 im gonna eat dinner watch the grammys smoke and try to stay awake for the whole show
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 i just want to smoke a fat ass blunt
 i really just want to smoke a blunt and go to sleep 
 shawty you should roll wit me  come over and smoke with me fuck you till you go to sleep. bet you want get over me
 someone smoke a blunt or go out to eat w me 
 i cant wait to go home so i can smoke
 i wanna smoke.
 i hate having to go cop just to come back home and smoke alone.
 whos tryna go on a drive amp smoke when i get home
 we gone wake up and smoke us a blunt and fuck
 amp i kinda wanna go smoke   but i know imma miss something 
 frustrated n wanna smoke
 kali uchis incense amp joint smoke
 fuck around with them fuckarounds  and you fuck around and get smoked
 rapper im killing snitches then i smoke a blunt get high amp fuck they bitches.wins grammy  rapper i just wanna thank god ..... lol .
 i wanna watch this performance...on weed.   grammys
 all i ever do is smoke amp sleep 
 beyonc make a nigha wanna go smoked a blunt ha boring ass 
 im just gonna go ahead and say ya probs shouldnt smoke weed while your pregnant..
 so im tryna smoke..... who wanna match
 just wanna smoke a blunt after work but ya know people are gay
 @bchooker @girlposts this is america. if i wanna smoke my taquito i fuckn will
 cant wait to go home and smoke a fat ass blunt
 welp i guess its about that time to smoke a bowl lay in bed and watch stranger things until i fall asleep
 after my peanut goes to bed me m bae are gonna smoke the fattest blunt amp watch the call 
 mainly wanna live in ca bc the weed amp coffee shops.
 now that i have weed i highkey wanna cancel my plans and go home and be high by myself but i cant really do that smh
 now that i have weed i highkey wanna cancel my plans and go back to my hotel and be high by myself but i cant really do that smh
 i just wanna smoke 
 i just wanna smoke and cuddle
 wanna smoke but dnt wanna drive out anywhere 
 cant wait to be able to smoke a blunt on the porch in the summer night 
 current mood need weed amp qdoba
 i wanna smoke 
 just watched pineapple express  makes me wanna smoke again so badly 
 i wanna smoke
 whos tryna smoke this blunt wit me i hate smoking alone
 lets go back back back   acid weed and shrooms 247 is a crazy awesome world 
 just wanna b home in bed with my fuckinf weed
 im sad. i wanna smoke weed and write bad songs.
 tmw i remember theres an extra bud in my drawer so smoke up before i go to sleep 
 im trying to just smoke and be in bed the rest of the night
 that vine of the little girl throwing a fit and crying bc she wants to smoke weed  thats me
 after i eat these burgers ima smoke and eat sum cereal. lmao
 i just wanna smoke amp eat bossa nova.
 the best time to get advice from your home girls or niggas is in a smoke session 
 i dont wanna smoke alone 
 idk why but there are some ppl from the class of 2017 that i wanna smoke with
 i just wanna smoke amp talk about some real shit
 i just wanna smoke and lay up
 she said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed..
 when you go to a function and smoke before... 
 why do i always get so fucking depressed after i smoke weed. like im lit for a little while and then i crash 
 typical i cant sleep until i smoke
 ugh i just wanna smoke 
 she just wanna chill with me and smoke up all my weed  so i rolled up summa that moon and that bitch when straight to sleeep  starlito
  bouta smoke this blunt amp forget about it
 who wanna swoop me n hang out n smoke kush
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 im ready to smoke this fat ass come when i get outta work
 should i smoke this blunt amp go to sleeps or.... sleeps amp smoke when it gets up
 ngl i wanna smoke right now but i much rather not.
 all i wanna do is cuddle and smoke
 smh i gotta wake up and write two papers before class tomorrow.....ima still smoke this blunt tho
 let me go smoke so i can go to bed 
 im gonna take some night time cold medicine and smoke the biggest bowl before bed. gonna sleep this sickness away. 
 i wanna smoke a blunt on the beach w that person
 guess ill smoke then go to sleep
 i wanna smoke cuddle and ko
 i need girlfriends that want to smoke with me like yes girl come over  lets smoke  talk  watch movies.. i need this in my life.
 who wanna smoke w me all day tuesday
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 i wanna smoke but i dont feel like rolling a blunt
 tonights shout out goes to the dude who smoked a blunt in the bathroom of my work yesterday
 this bitch wanna smoke all my weed
 bout to smoke this blunt and k.o
 i hate when i cant wait to smoke a blunt to relieve my anxiety and it just gets worse 
 @madisunemily have you seen weeds
 i bought hot cheetos because i know once i smoke im gonna want something to eat lol
 i got this frosty purple nug and i wanna smoke it with you
 fuck i wanna smoke
 i really wanna smoke rn.
 its sad i gotta smoke a blunt just to go to sleep
 the weed been had me sleep all day
 said she wanna 5 6 roll w me and smoke 7 8 
 i wanna smoke and annoyingly affectionate lol
 i just want to go home smoke a bowl   put my feet up and watch some gossip girl and go to sleep
 a nigga be exhausted after work  just wanna smoke a blunt drink a tallie amp watch tv till i look at the time amp realize i got work tomorrow 
 when ya cant sleep  jus smoke a jayy
 i cant wait to smoke this wood 
 @rontionna when you cant smoke no more but just wanna enjoy the music
 tonight is crazy like  i smoked 6 blunts these dudes bought my friends amp i 2 fifths of henny amp bought pizza  im gonna die from happiness.
 like  whats next  whats that  whats up  i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 i just wanna smoke my weed amp listen to my music
 i wanna smoke opium and ride a camel @pipermilesz
 cant wait for summer so i can drink amp smoke... sober life is ehhh.
 man i bought weed just to go to sleep    sleepaid
 i should smoke another blunt but it will be a waste since im already gunna pass out anytime now.
 all i wanna do is work out play league and smoke weed while waiting on a degree
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girllll thats all that we do
 sum1 smoke a blunt with me
 i wanna smoke but im out right now
 got stopped on the beach for weed fake news sad
 got weed  was gonna save it for a wake amp bake buhhhhhh probably not.. 
 if i had a perso id go walk and smoke and go right to sleep.
 to smoke a blunt or to not smoke a blunt
 i wanna smoke a blunt or six 
 i just wanna smoke
 you ever too lazy to smoke
 if my doctor says yes im gonna smoke a blunt for all the ones i ever missed and needed asthmalife
 im just gonna smoke some more lol
 how the fuck at i supposed to smoke a blunt on a 10 min break 
 smh i smoked all my weed earlier n have none to smoke to sleep 
 my ass is grass and gods gonna smoke it
 so..... if i dont smoke before i go to sleep i only sleep for like 4 hours lol
 ok  smoke n sleep. night  yall. 
 having those do you wanna get up and smoke moments
 juss gonna smoke this blunt to the dome
 damn valentines day is tomorrow  fuck it  its gone be me and my weed 
 @cashshay can we meet up in atlanta sometime to smoke amp chill no im not a killa. i just wanna kick it amp chill with a decent person.
 about to take this nice walk to mc donalds and smoke my blunt on the way 
 im straight finna cry i just wanna smoke this gas and gts 
 i often wonder if life smokes after it fucks me or maybe it enjoys a nice wine hmm 
 finding a plug this early is so hard  i just wanna smoke
 take that ll cool j. roll it on up. smoke it. love it.
 never tell them your next play.. let them see your progress move in silence. watch my smoke 
 we smoked a fat ass blunt i pearled when she got home it big litty 
 she jus wanna smoke nd fuck i said girl thats all we do
 bruhh i just wanna smoke a fatass backwood its been so long
 roll up nd smoke dese drugs wit me
 smoking some good weed tomorrow and ill probably go to hooters to get some free wings 
 wanna smoke with someone different lol nice sessions
 so im just gunna smoke this blunt and forget bout it
 fuck around get smoked  
 anyone see @canucks burrows get smoked.....damn
 as bad as i wanna smoke i cant til these interviews are over.
 just wanna get my shit done in lab do i can get outta here because the smoke shop is calling my name.
 cry smoke or just lay on bae 
 i honestly just wanna smoke and then ear breakfast by myself  i dont wanna eat with someone else. i like my alone time..
 fav if you wanna go to pf w me  i have the black card and ill smoke you down afterwards
 gonna smoke my bong and watch elf bye
 he only smokes dabs 
 gonna smoke me a fatass wood to myself before school 
 i just wanna vibe and smoke out the pound on valentines day
 its valentines day tomorrow and im just gonna smoke until i forget that im gonna be alone the rest of my life.
 flatbush with some weed and a cup of coffee before work cause this week is gonna be crazy
 i just wanna smoke rn  lunch wyaaaa
 today after work come eat drink a little something smoke a little hookah amp kool out.. 
 smoke some weed  enjoy the music  worry about yourself and your homies  get up and go to work. shut the fuck up. all lives matter. thats all
 time to move up to the next size travel crate ren is growing like a weed. @ firestone complete 
 i smoked fat this morning...
 i wanna smoke and take the dogs for a walk
 day 1  no weed ive been awake for less than an hour and i already wanna shoot someone 
 gonna smoke a blunt before work then maybe go get some coffee 
 with that im gonna go smoke a cig thanks morg 
 @bradgallen22 @macandcheeks i dont wanna smoke your saliva brad  how did you learn how to backwash into a blunt
 ugh i have no weed and wanna die
 just chillin like a villain. its my day  off and no cooking today so im just gonna smoke weed and play my ps4 all day.   mondaymotivation
 i just wanna kick it  smoke a blunt amp grab some lunch
 you kissed the taste back in my tongue  you sucked the smoke out of my lungs and then we slept for days and days an 
 she just wanna smoke n fuck  i said girl thats all that we do
 if your not gonna invite me to smoke with you then dont ask to smoke in my car 
 ima smoke and go back to sleep
 going home to smoke shower and then sleep until work
 i wanna eat amp smoke my stress away.
 when you just woke up amp saw @aggy s snap amp you just moved to vegas from bergen county amp you wanna smoke 
 being that i just moved to vegas from bergen county two months ago... amp i just saw @aggy s snap... you wanna smoke boo i got you 
 i just wanna count 100s and smoke hella weed 
 i would chill in that tree and read comic books while smoke joint  
 tomorrow i just want to lay in bed and smoke... naked
 just tryin to chill and smoke some bud with some buddies today  
 im gonna a hint of the marijuanas when i drink from my hydroflask. what is happening
 someone bring me a blunt wrap or joint papers n ill smoke u out
 if some random dude asks if you wanna smoke pot outside before the show do you do it
 @fuhnessed i wanna sing to loud music n smoke n laugh hurry
 well im gonna start doing my makeup while i smoke this blunt
 i dont wanna drink girl i just wanna smokeeee
 when you wanna wake and bake but only got a wood left. now you stuck debating on when to smoke it lol
 i left my weed @ home 
 she smokes a pack a day.... wait thats me but anyways meetvirginia
 dude came up to me and asked if i wanna smoke a bowl on lunch. lmao
 the one time i dont smoke before bed and woke up wit a major headache
 im more of the lets lay up smoke and watch movies type of guy
 since my counselor wants me to come in when i dont have class hella early watch me smoke this blunt in the parking lot 
 if you smoke  you die. if you drink  you die. if you eat  you die. so whatever you want to do  do it because were all going to die anyways.
 im jus gonna smoke my expensive ass cigar right here on the beach  montechristo livin 
 i smile 2 joints before i smoke 2 joints and then i smoke 2 more
 today after work come eat drink a little something smoke a little hookah amp kool out.. 
 suck on campus and i just wan smoke before my next class @ 2.
 i hate that i know how to save money cause i could go in my saving and get some money for weed but imma wait till i get paid tomorrow
 i wanna live in a fantasy where all i do every day is smoke  eat  go to shows  bars  all the while coked out  pay me to do this some1
 im gonna try and not smoke today lol
 i take that tweet about getting my nails will make me happy   me being smoked up on 56 blunts tonight is whats gonna make me happy 
 dibs on jeets daughter when she turns 18. you just know shes gonna be a smoke
 watch ish wainwright declare for the nfl draft and help baylor basketball smoke ut football two years in a row. 
 bro.. whenever you wanna slid and get big smokey w the kid  your always welcome 
 i wanna drink that shot of whiskey... i wanna smoke that cigarette...
 just wanna so to thud for only playing 2 rounds of pool and i smoked him since he messed up on the break. im to nice
 roll my weed and blow my back out. 
 woke up from a coma  poed up in the soda  smoke....went back to bed
 she just wanna chill wit me amp smoke up all my weed  so i rolled up sum of that moonrock and that bitch went straight to sleep
 @rebekaahm @redeyetribe i never not wanna smoke duh
 volunteers needed for clinical trial of marijuana for ptsd symptoms  via @militarydotcom
 i wanna smoke and then i want to eat french toast and watch ru paul thats really all i want from this day today lets make it happen
 im so bored lets go smoke somewhere fun
 go outside to smoke den come back and breast feed   wait.   still confused...  naw i got..you just dont care about yo young one
 accidentally smoked a bowl w hash on it and now im lit af and i just wanna eat and watch cartoons
 i wanna smoke a blunt w her so badly. 
 i just wanna go home smoke a cone and lay down sis
 time to go smoke a blunt w my dogs
 you can tell by the way i walk that i got em can get any girl i wanna got bitches and marijuana 
 i jus wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck 
 cant wait till i can start going to @godsturks again to smoke on my breaks from work lmao
 she said she gonna smoke this blunt and forget about quis doubt that
 anyone wanna smoke
 wanna smoke but i aint tryna drive 
 bruh somebody come roll my blunt  i aint smoked all morning i been so lazy
 @juliagouliah when weed is finally legalized you gonna come visit canada sounds like you need to chill lol
 i wanna smoke 
 cya wait fi go home and smoke up mi herb 
 allll she wanna do is smoke that broccoli 
 makes me wanna go on a walk and smoke a blunt
 jus woke up from a weed nap 
 i wanna smoke this blunt but this nigga andres lagginnnn
 i wanna smoke weed out of a backwoods
 im gonna tweet riri every single day until she smokes a joint with me
 just wanna smoke  having a terrible day
 jus had a talk about weed w my dad lol...
 i just want to get off and smoke a blunt... 
 i just wanna go home and smoke 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt on a hill somewhere
 @linnea710420 you gonna have to be careful  gal too much marijuana for you
 @glittergothh my friend has the key to a random guys house and were gonna take the girl there to smoke up jesus christ pray for me
 i need a girl to roll the blunt  to smoke with me
 anyone wanna adventure n smoke
 anyone wanna smoke this blunt w me
 i wanna go to the hookah lounge @beingrae byob and relax and smoke 
 lol i wanna smoke .. someone help ill throw u some cash or food
 im starving but imma wait on bae. so we can eat amp smoke.
 cant wait to smoke and eat. this is so fucking annoying
 everytime i smell cigarette smoke  it gives me an instant headache. 
 420 lets smoke a blunt
 stoked about this bowl im about to smoke
 i just wanna smoke and go to bed 
 time to smoke a blunt amp go work out
 when the weed shop gives you 2 free fat ass dabs 
 i fr wanna cry. all o wanna do is smoke smh
 i wanna go home  put on mad max fury road  and smoke the blunt i rolled this morning.
 when i smoke this blunt imma fuckin forget yo dog ass
 im bout to smoke and go to sleep
 about to just go smoke and say fuck class
 @mrrager23 @kevinwoodrum all we have left are memories of chanting smoke again on the beach
 holla fuck the world with my chest full of smoke
 so i coulda been smoked all my weed   i was holding off on it bc i thought i was gonna get this job 
 i need someone whos down to smoke or dab whenever
 fuck it just bouta smoke a blunt
 i dunno who wanna chill and who wanna just smoke on my loud pack
 i cant tell if people wanna chill or just wanna smoke on my loud pack
 ik i wanna smoke my weed
 smoke dope  go to class  smoke some more dope  hit up taco tuesday  bobs burgers  then shower n sleep. 
 in other words if you wanna get shit done  smoke crack  
 i just wanna smoke n go to the movies tbhhhh.
 this weather is stopping me from obtaining weed and im very upset
 someone maybe wanna smoke a blunt with us
 i swear im already over today like i just wanna smoke and be left alone cuz rn im bout to murder someone if  ppl keep pushin me  its on
 imma smoke this blunt amp forget ya 
 the weed put me to sleep 
 wake up shower smoke work daily  routine
 my kids was on one today   cant wait to get home and smoke this blunt lol
 @keavinly happy birthday my nigga  you better smoke a fat blunt and get some bomb head today. and p.s dont get in 
 lolol stop trying to tell me how to live my life imma smoke weed if i wanna
 i just wanna smoke and lay up and talk business 
 if youre gonna smoke cigarettes please dont let me get attached to you cause im so tired of watching my loved ones die from lung cancer
 ready to get back to my house so i can finally smoke  my nerves is on 1000
 i might miss ya  but watch me smoke this blunt amp forget cha
 i wanna smoke weed
 gon smoke this dro till i cant feel my face.
 ima swipe your name up off my schedule and smoke this blunt  girl  im gon forget you 
 cant relate cause i dont smoke 
 i wanna smoke a fat ass blunt
 who out odu and wanna smoke 
 i wanna smoke.
 who wants to go to the beach and smoke with me
 my boo gonna have a slammin vday cause we gonna smoke some weed and have a good dinner 
 okay so boom  you at home alone and you think oh  what a great time to smoke a blunt you roll it  get it all pretty  and you realized...
 im just gonna smoke my weed and relax tomorrow since everyone be playin
 youre gonna like the way you smoke.... 
 if anybody wanna bring weed over i got mad snacks and drinks for u
 i hate that my weed tolerance is high now   i used to not even be able to finish 1 blunt by myself back in school 
 once im off work  im gonna smoke tree till my face melts amp dance the night away with my shadow.
 since i dont have a valentine for tomorrow all i wanna do is smoke  eat and chill .
 im just tryna smoke a blunt
 all she wanna do is smoke dat broccoli 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and relax
 i just wanna smoke. my anxiety is getting bad
 cant wait to get off work and go to my cousins and sip me a tall can and smoke me a blunt and slap me some music
 sad cuz i lost my weed 
 cant wait to be off work and smoke a blunt man 
 this nigga walked pass me smelling like weed and musty ness 
 if anyone wanna maybe surprise me with some flowers or maybe smoke me out tomorrow thatd be chill 
 i just wanna smoke smoke good weed  eat good food amp watch a bomb ass movie dasit
 former baltimore ravens lineman eugene monroe discussing how weed works in silver spring tonight 
 im bout to smoke this blunt and watch dragon ball  call it a day 
 might as well smoke a blunt and just take two ls for valentines day.
 if you aint gonna inhale the smoke  stop recording yourself smoking
 lets smoke a wood and talk about life
 who wanna smoke my weed
 mood  just wanna ride and smoke a blunt and talk about something interesting
 fuck around with them fuck arounds fuck around get smoked
 i jus need to smoke sum
 wanna smoke need backwoods tho 
 i feel like im gonna marry someone who smokes. our kids are gonna catch us lighting up one day
 i want to smoke a blunt with michel franti
 ok so now that my makeup is done anyone wanna smoke and get some food 
 i wanna smoke but not by myself  where my bitchezzzz @
 kant wait to go smoke this dope
 cant wait to smoke amp goto sleep.
 lets get a room this weekend  smoke a zip and go out to eat at our favorite restaurants or we can fuck like animals instead
 let me go to the store n get this valentines day shit out the way and me some sour candy so i can come back home and smoke my blunt
 after long 7 hours of work i just wanna smoke a fat ass blunt rn
 fuck it ima give back to the community  back on my bullshit flipping ganja for the 10 after thursday hmu
 dropped my weed into my wine fuck
 cant wait for warm weather and bbq smoke
 if you wanna get me flowers  make sure its weed
 all i do is work  smoke chicks out  and leave work early to smoke chicks out. life is hard.
 i wanna smoke with someone but im so out of the way.smh
 fuck valentines day... lets just smoke a lot of weed.
 i have one life goal and that is to smoke a blunt with turnover
 lets cuddle up  smoke a lot of marijuana and get really high
 whos gonna be the tool complaining about not having a bae to smoke a blunt with tmr
 when i die i want you to take my ashes  roll me up and smoke me lmao okay grandma
 i just wanna smoke dab
 who tryn smoke with these shorties amp i
 its ridiculous how bad i wanna smoke
 i have the biggest crush on og mike giant. i just wanna smoke wit em
 just wanna smoke a blunt amp watch a movie 
 if i smoke this blunt boy  imma forget about you. 
 same. the cocktail hour is gonna have a weed bar 
 dont wanna smoke alone 
 doing a self vday tonight where i get alone drunk  smoke all my own weed  and lose track of all the chocolate and cranberry chevre i eat
 do i want to smoke or just go to sleep  
 i would really just like to lay up and smoke tomorrow
 i just want to smoke a personal and take a bath i cant do this rn
 i got weeed to smoke in the morning 
 grab a bottle of wine  go smoke some hookah amp socialize.
 iii just wanna smoke some herb
 glad im off tomorrow so i can be alone all day and smoke  fuck valentines day
 i wanna cruise  smoke some weed and jam to music rn
 lets just chill out and smoke all day
 im tryna smoke a fat l
 gonna get a job just for the smoke breaks
 someone get me a half for when im off work and ill smoke you out fat
 one retweet and ill smoke a blunt
 i just wanna lay in the dark smoke a blunt and listen to lyfe 268192 
 have to wait till 9 to smoke w my friend
 ive been waiting 20 minutes outback for brooke to get off work so we can go smoke 
 anthony goes to hempfield but goes to central games hmmm 
 i really wanna quit smoking weed 
 illi smoke w who ever can take me home
 finna smoke this joint and go to planet fitness just for these massages haha
 i feel like being childish but im just gonna go smoke  eat then sleep 
 fuck with me and get smoked or fuck with me and smoke too
 just wanna go take a hot shower. smoke a couple blunts. eat. do the nasty and tapppppp
 i just wanna shower  smoke  and get in bed to cuddle. 
 honestly just want to smoke and go to bed. sounds like a plan 
 i just wanna smoke so the pain will go away 
  youn smoke tho   
 lsu is looking for medical marijuana farmers  and here we go.... lsu bout to get lit
 the weed man said hed be here by 830  it is now 836 and i wanna know why all men lie
  tomorrow im just gonna smoke blunts and love myself 
 scoop me and smoke this l
 suboxone and weed  what a sad day
 let me just take a shower  smoke a blunt and reevaluate my life  i got myself fucked up
 bbq in the mouth.  drinking  the big smoke by @monkeypawbrew at @monkeypawbrew    photo
 i stay giving kali weed
 let me just smoke this mini blunt
 im jus tryna smoke...  but im too cold to get up and grab the goodies
 kinda wanna smoke kinda wanna dont
 kinda wanna smoke a spliff right now
 this weekend i just want to smoke a blunt and chill 
 just wanna smoke weed and eat some  is that too much to ask for
 wanna smoke good gotta pay good  
 but on the other hand you got lil homie whos gonna get some big ass sentence for having a little weed on him 
 anyone wanna be my valentine and smoke blunts and cuddle a solid portion of the day tomorrow
 i wanna try denver colorado weed i wanna see if its better than calis.
 @suetae4 smoke amp go to sleep
 2morrow imma watch true romance  smoke some kush  make a veggie pizza. if thats anywhere near where you wanna be  you know where to find me
 if you smoke  drink  fuck  or eat  you still gonna die. so you might as well smoke  drink  fuck  and eat all the shit you want to.
 i just wanna smoke myself into a coma
 i cant sleep at all. ever. unless i smoke before bed bc it calms my anxiety amp that sucks 
 my mans smoke but not once pass the blunt my way . lol sad night
 bout to eat this weed cake
 i need to smoke amp just cry myself to bed....
 im not tryna go on a v day date  im tryna smoke a blunt and fuck.
 anybody wanna kick it rn. i need to vent. ill smoke witchu
 does anyone wanna match it bc i really dont wanna smoke alone
 all i do is eat  sleep  work  and smoke all dads cigs
 me  lets go outside amp smoke dannie  whatre you gonna tell your dad also me  bye lol
 i wanna smoke. which is weird. i never wanna smoke lol
 sense i dont have a valentine ima sit back and smoke a fat blunt 
 wanna go get a wood but i wanna go to sleep cuz i gotta work at 6 ... buuuuut i wanna smoke.
 im up and shit  im bout to go smoke a blunt
 sometimes i get stressed out and think i could avoid all of this if i just tried marijuana. im gonna do weed one day
 i ran out of weed and im too lazy to drive to go get some 
 i need some people to smoke blunts with and go to the movies tomorrow. hmu if you down
 when you wanna smoke but all ya money on ya card and its too cold to walk  life is great to me
 really about to get up and smoke this l i found in my dresser lol
 bouta smoke a blunt  then go to sleep 
 @brandonwardell yo bro when r we gonna chill and smoke kush and play mini golf and listen to @jypetwice 
 i have go smoke a valentines day blunt at 12 by myself because im single
 about to smoke me a blunt to try to sleep
 someone smoke a blunt with me
 i actually think tomorrow ima just be naked in bed all day  admire my jelly rolls amp smoke a few blunts n eat lots of strawberries n chillll
 this weed totally gave me a head high plus the headache. nigga imma explode.
 we can smoke if you wanna...
 whos down to smoke a blunt rn
 so like ima try to quit weed again  starting tomorrow lol
 @thenamesjeffrey oh now you wanna smoke 
 tomorrow well today imma smoke my life away  netflix and chill  and order a pizza  thats all i wanted to do anyways aha simple
 slick wanna smoke lol
 wanna smoke.... hate smoking by myself... still boutta roll up tho
 need to get down to the bottom of this weed smell in here.
 someone give me a ride to kali uchis show tomorrow and ill give you my extra ticket and smoke you out
 woke up thinking i gotta go to work shit im up na bout to smoke this half a gar i had save 
 lets smoke on the beach
 i wanna smoke amp get high wit this one person let him fuck me so good amp we got to sleep
 i wish i had some weed right now so i can stop being scared and worrying i want to sleep so bad but i keept thinking someones gonna break in
 cant wait to get off to smoke this blunt and get mcdonalds 2 more hours lol 
 just had some bomb dick now a smoke break amp then cuddles and a movie with my boyfriend 
 i cant sleep i had a bad dream this fat girl bit my dick she thought it was a smoke sausage
 i think ima smoke again to go to bed.
 i never smoke before work
 i always need to talk and nobody up to listen its cool though ill just smoke a blunt
 i need a girlfriend who gonna be able to sit back and smoke a half wit me 
 smoke. work. smoke. gym. smoke. work. smoke. bed 
 need a valentines my prices vary... 20 we just fuck 50 boyfriend experience 100 smoke fuck and go out to eat hmu
 home alone come through lets smoke and watch movies  
 @cnn no the fuck we will not move on  smoke is coming out of that white house and we will not quit until we find the fire.
 fuck valentines day im gonna just get home smoke a nice fat blunt and go to sleep
 havnt been to sleep. just smoked. got work in 30.
 i always smoke the most when i got class all day   cuz fuck that teacher lol but i stay tryna sleep 
 your girl dont wanna smoke javas tonight invest in some backwoods
 happy valentines day wanna smoke a blunt how kalijah woke me up this morning 
 so........what yall telling me is nobody wanna smokeok 
 all i want to do on this valentines day is smoke tons of weed and cuddle with ryan. 
 just gonna smoke
 wanna smoke but im at work 
 if you wanna go and get high w me  smoke a l in the back of the benzyyy
 i woke up at sunrise just to smoke a blunt
 all we gone do is smoke and go to sleep 
 gonna smoke a marlboro red out on the curb in the rain for valentines day
 this bih wild  i said i have a sore throat cold  she talking bout do you wanna smoke 
 down to smoke a few ls away and grab some wings afterwards today
 ladies  remember to drink plenty of water today so that u dont have cotton mouth aftr you smoke a blunt w ya mans and wanna suck his dick
 i roll my weed in ya blunt
 hmu if you need someone to eat noodles amp smoke with valentines
 if you wanna be my valentine come help me clean my apartment today. we can smoke hella tree in the process
 this blunt not gonna smoke itself
 who gon smoke these valentines blunts w me my damn self
 if not shut the hell up   eat   smoke   sleep or all the above
 dump the guts to roll up cant the break the weed down wit my fingers its too sticky dats dat icky  
 and if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget u
 lol i aint got no valentine but shid if ya trying to smoke and go get some food we can make some happen
 anyways.....  smokes joint amp goes back to bed 
 i really just wanna watch naruto and smoke a backwood
 this is what i woke up to this morning.... not some sweet text but to stay off the weed  this is why youre my f 
 needa pound jus to smoke
 im just gonna smoke and chill with my cats 
 i just wan smoke.
 just wanna smoke  eat  amp lay up watching movies
 anyone wanna write this book report for me ill smoke you out
 who wanna smoke tonight
 when im famous this is all i wanna do g  n smoke the finest dope 
 mike woke me up at 4am to smoke a blunt amp give me my gift  i love him 
 i rather smoke a blunt amp chill 
 @trishaaabrown  so are we doing this valentine thing yeah. i wanna just get you weed but... 
 anyone in la wanna give me a ride to disneyland  smoke ya girl out  i got  
 even with power lines and smokestack in the way.. still a spectacular view as sun rises.. mountrainier q13fox 
 crack a window we gon smoke this indo
 i dont feel like going home cause ill get nagged at so im just gonna try to find eye drops and smoke a square after 3rd period
 was there any blunt left yes good bc i wanna smoke that shit  cmon 
 i just wanna smoke dope amp get my hair sewn it.
 go to class or smoke a blunt 
 on suicide prevention chat wanna buy some weed
 bruh me and my mentor finna smoke this  blunt on our lunch break
 i just wanna smoke all day tbh
 she wanna smoke my dope
 just wanna smoke sum weed n get sum commas
 just gonna smoke my loneliness away today
 my day will consist of weed  ice cream  movies  and my bed 
 fuck this lonely ass day who wanna smoke a blunt
 all im tryna do today is smoke  fuck and eat haha happy valentines day bitch
 when you wanna smoke but you have to take your passport pic in an hour lol
 i wonder if ms. lemoine would be down to smoke a blunt and get lunch together one day lol
 hey brooklyn do you wanna smoke this morning bowl with me
 who posted in laffy and wanna smoke one
 all@im@thinking about is this nice blunt im@gunna smoke wen im@home
 calling all singles. lets eat tacos tn and smoke a fat blunt. happy v day
 i just want to smoke a blunt after work and listen to some good music
 anyone down to smoke a few bowls and taco tuesday before i leave to work around 3ish 
 i smoke 2 joints before i smoke 2 joints  then i smoke 2 more
 just wanna smoke some weed man
 and smoke a blunt 
 ill just smoke a blunt by myself today nbd
 i just wanna work   go to school and smoke a couple blunts in between .
 hey  brooklyn.. wanna come smoke this morning bowl with me
 who wanna smoke this v day bleezy with me 
 if u can make a stop to grab u a pint of lean  nother one to grab weed  can take her out to eat  ur legs work perfect go buy some flowers
 cant wait to get home and smoke dat blunt
 if you wanna smoke this backwood with me ill be sitting at the oak street beach 
 anybody wanna smoke some vday blunts
 i keep everything neutral i just wanna smoke a leaf
  todays valentines day vibes are from bob marley  smoke a joint amp enjoy musical healing
 i jus smoked a blunt w ur girlfriend
 @tripleogyan is my crush all i wanna do for vday and smoke these cookies and sour d wassshhh hanin 
 i just wanna fuck  smoke and chill. 
 i just wanna kick it smoke a blunt and get some lunch
 by friday  all of spicers answers are gonna be fuck it  were all gonna die anyway. anybody got any weed to sell
 wait no take me with ill smoke u up 
 if anyone can take me to work today at 430 ill smoke you up before for real someone hmu
 im just gonna smoke a joint for valentines day today. happy valentines day to myself 
 about to eat this whole heart shaped pizza then smoke a blunt to my face  happy valentines day to me
 alright whos trynna smoke  eat some food  then get your ass eaten 
 alright its valentines day whos trynna smoke  eat some food  then get your ass eaten 
 just wanna go home smoke some blunts w my baby eat food and watch movies
 i just wanna smoke but i have a math test today
 i left my weed at sarahs and that just makes me so sad
 i wanna go to the movies amp smoke hookah after  .
 @mxxrissa come work at smoke
 who wanna smoke 
 going to smoke my babe out with a blunt n take him to eat hehe im excited
 i just wanna smoke lmfao
 when i get outta class its dnd   taylor port amp weed 
 its been a long morning cant wait to smoke a bowl when i get home 
 valentines day more like smoke n eat migos rap snacks w bae
 i done smoked amp ate real good   now i have to go to work 
 i done smoked amp ate real good   now i have to go to work 
 after today  i go on a smoke break
 im crying smoken a blunt realizing i have to deal with such a diverse cruel world.
 all my niggas got valentines and im just over trynna decide if i wanna smoke this blunt with my left hand or my right hand  choices
 wanna smoke a blunt while getting some head valentinesday2k17
 blunt already smoked ... 
 one day im gonna be able to buysmoke the same amount of weed rihanna buyssmokes 
 i dont have a valentine  but i have a bunch of ppl who wanna smoke me out 
 i cant wait to get home and drink a beer and smoke a bowl
 @thatboidanny @sotolaboy @chiefjames god damn bhief said he wan smoke
 asian and middle eastern men smoke drink beat their wives go to prostitues all day police are fuckin gangsgters that rape anyone
 i wanna smoke a blunt at the lake 
 im too sad  i might just smoke a cigarette 
 will someone please go see the chain smokers with me i just wanna get super drunk and go
 whos down to smoke a blunt 
 im gonna miss you weed 
 i just wanna smoke while i fuck a bitch
 breaking united airlines flight to fort walton beach  fl returns to @iah after smoke reported in cabin. no injuries. @kprc2
 i just wanna go home already and smoke a blunt with my baby boy
 i really should go see @tompetty at @mountainjam and smoke weed.
 cant wait to smoke after work 
 wanna go home and smoke with bae already 
 trynna smoke blunt after blunt
 someone smoke a blunt with me for valentines day 
 @vanitydoll same exact situation rn  i just wanna go home and smoke tbh 
 ready to be off work so i can smoke
 when you get smoke from a blunt in your fucking eye ltltltltlt
 if someone comes and smokes a blunt with me u can eat some of my heart shaped pizza 
 lets smoke some weed and cuddle
 cant wait to get home and smoke cam driving me crazy
 gonna get donuts and smoke a blunt then my vday will be complete 
 how u sad and blowin loud  thats a waste of weed 
 bout to smoke this fat ass blunt for valentines day 
 bout to smoke his fat ass blunt after work
 bout to smoke this fat ass blunt after work
 kinda just wanna get away... go to the beach amp smoke some weed while the sun sets
 why cant everything i eat be a weed edible
 when ur coworker lets u leave to go smoke a bowl 
 you wanna talk fantasy sports   play pool   smoke   drink   go   call each other faggots   slap fight   no  i did 
 wanna smoke
 cant wait til i get home so i can smoke dis blunt amp be happy
 i just wanna smoke this blunt and get boba with someone no strings attached
 any body wanna go out to eat  not on no date shit but just cooling and kicking it lol we can smoke after too 
 once my mood is fucked up so is the rest of my day unless i smoke
 i literally just want to go home and sleep but then again id be turning multiple smoke dates hmm
 yous think she looks good now wait till im standing next to her in a matching tux  its gonna be a smoke show 
 just discovered sense 8 and thats gonna be my valentines day binge watching t with weed and pizza 
 omg wow youre weed selling ass is cool hanging with little high schoolers  move the fuck on.
 i hate when messy bitches try to roll a blunt and fling weed everywhere like its free or sum lmao
 just wanna smoke amp talk about life 
 dangerously bored  might take a nap since all these mfs flaking and i cant smoke 
 i will smoke a blunt with @ladygaga before i die.
 just trynna smoke a fat wood  eat sum good ass food  amp have sum bomb ass sex  it could all be so easy
 so much smoke in my chest
 so anybody trynna get smoked up amp go to dinner w me  not trynna 3rd wheel
 lets smoke a blunt in sac instead 
 i just wanna smoke
 i smoke 2 joints before i smoke 2 joints then i smoke 2 more
 i just wanna smoke
 open this week everyday from 1100am  630pm. if you need to get or renew your medical marijuana recommendation we are here to assist you
 if i dont smoke i dont eat or sleep right and thats sad asf so weed gotta gooooo 
 i just wanna smoke and chill in my car all night
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 gonna roll and smoke a spliff all by myself when i get home to celebrate valentines day.
 i just wanna sex  smoke and vibe   and i want you by my side
 @harleyriser u just wanna smoke all my weed
 tryin to smoke a blunt to big l hmu
 all i want for valentines day is pizza  weed  and cuddles
 i im tryna go smoke but my grandparents wanna interact so ive been putting it on hold since i got here. fuck this shit im getting high
 wheres all my single people at  im tryna smoke a blunt
 whos trying to smoke and get something to eat
 i wanna smoke this cigar but that damn ribeye got me sleepy......and i refuse to smoke it in the house
 i havent smoked in 2 days so my insomnias back and kaylee said shed send me home with dro shes so sweet 
 lets smoke a blunt
 u see im gettin money know u wanna be my bro now  wanna sip lean wanna smoke dope now 
 everybody enjoying their valentines day   im just bout to smoke amp go back to sleep
 i cant even smoke a blunt lmfao why am i so sick
 angel is gonna come through to smoke me out yall  i need to calm my nerves...
 @eastcoastprep have fun in the big smoke amp lets grab drinks back in new york
 anybody wanna smoke
 im just gonna smoke a blunt  eat some pizza and ice cream  and watch the cheetah girls... valentines day 
 you kneaux what iii smoke. . amp you cant see me 
 bout to smoke this blunt  shower and go to sleep work in the am...
 @bigdaddycooter you could roll 5 normal burners out that why all the extra and you already know that its gonna smoke terrible
 does anyone wanna smoke with me 
 you hardly smoke but you wanna smoke my drugs..
 imma just smoke till i forget what i was upset about
 not a good fucking night  definitely needa smoke after work  who wanna smoke with me
 just tryna smoke a blunt and eat pizza with you  thats it
 3 weeks and my child will have his own room and ill be able to roll and smoke a j all while in my bed. god is good.
 hippie vegetarian guy next to us at sushi ya aint gon eat meat but gonna go outside to smoke wow ur so healthy byewithurwhiteppldreads
 all i do is go to school  smoke  go to work  smoke  and then repeat .
 my daily routine is to smoke  listen to music  do homework  amp sleep 
 all the weed men need to go ahead and break up with their girls so i can get a sack
 i wanna go to weed college  fuck alabama
 i wanna smoke a couple dutches get some ass and go to sleep
 off work lets smoke the fuck out bitches
 based on the amount of smoke alarms ive heard go off tonight in my building  i think next year more people should go out to eat 
 gonna smoke to that
 fuck politics. fuck congress. im gonna smoke a pork shoulder tonighttomorrow. thatll be my happy place. bbqcuresall
 i just wanna smoke and call it a night
 i really could smoke a blunt or two rn.
 i just wanna get some weed n ride around n talk about shit .
 i dont wanna smoke by myself 
 i juss wanna smoke
 home for moar weed nd back for animated 
 i smoke the gas out the blunt
 i was so gassed to smoke this l n it fell all over my leggings
 cant wait for da day when i can peacefully smoke my blunt in my mansion 
 whats everyone doing lets go out for a smoke and a drink or two and a smoke
 all we did was smoke a blunt girl go away
 welcome to colorado.  buy your weed.  go home 
 get up and go smoke or just go to sleep 
 i wanna smoke 
 smoke weed by cant roll blunts. lt me
 gonna smoke this blunt with mi valentine aka guess who
 plans fell through  i have off tomorrow  anybody wanna hang out and smoke tonight
 im tryna cuddle u to sleep after we smoke a blunt bae
 ok im gonna just smoke bowls and play skyrim then 
 im finna smoke and go to sleep 
 if your homie had a valentines today dont smoke after him tomorrow  
 ion smoke hookah i fuck bitches amp talk about whos walls looser
 my coworker just said we should all get out of here and smoke a big fat bowl of crack 
 all i wanna do is smoke a blunt smh
 i just smoked a blunt with ur girl
 who tryna make a play tonight i really just wanna smoke and chill
 boutta smoke this blunt amp forget bout you
 cant wait for the day i can smoke a blunt with the girl i call my valentine
 all did today was work  smoke and sleep lol
 all i did today was work  smoke and sleep lmao
 when youre matchin someone and after your blunt they say im too high  idk if i wanna smoke this other blunt 
 i wanna smoke
 fuck a date lets just smoke and listen to john legend the whole day
 so you just gonna smoke all that reggie  
  holla fuck the world with my chest full of smoke  
 i just wanna find someone that can smoke and eat just as much as me 
 lay n smoke
 a boyfriend would be nice right about now  just chill on the couch  eat pizza  watch movies  and smoke blunts. now thats a perfect date
 i wanna smoke the rest of this but i dont want to alone 
 look its fucking midnight and im hungry  i have to pee  i need to smoke  amp well i dont wanna wake up my kid. so im slowly just gonna die
 i just wanna smoke amp vent right now.
 @seanxsolo its okay im about to smoke weed in my bed amp watch it myself
 just wanna smoke
 she knows ive been wanting a smoker for the longest time now. cant wait to break that sucker in
 @mythacid smokes lets go
 i kinda wanna smoke but i dont feel like leaving my bed
 headache  no weed 
 i cant wait to have a porch of my own to smoke on
 ill smoke you out  eat you out  then take you out to eat 
 like anyone wanna smoke some blunts or nah
 yo idk why but cold weather just makes me wanna smoke lol
 she just wanna smoke n fuck
 fuck with me amp get smoked or fuck with me amp smoke too
 i been at work all day  now im off im bout to smoke amp go to bed .
 ima smoke this blunt and forget u
 alright who maybe wants to get some in n out and smoke a bluntttttt
 bruh i wanna smoke. who got a plug 
 update me amp brax have enough to smoke two bowls  i can die happy now
 cant smoke weed too it... dont wanna listen to it
 i cant wait to go home and take a shower and smoke a bowl and watch freaks and geeks and go to sleep 
 i always smoke myself to sleep 
 you ever wanna smoke a blunt but you too lazy to roll that bih
 i wanna smoke 
 roll that weed bring the fire out taste that lean when you kiss my mouth bed so wet when i eat you out
 these bastards need weeded out. 
 luv how my mom texts me to come outside jus to smoke fatties and listen to old jams every night 
 roll some weed  let me ignite it.
 should i smoke one last blunt before bed
 finna smoke boosie dirty ass damn near
 i wanna smoke but i only have this one gar im saving for the morning 
 i need to smoke a wood i cant sleep for shit loll
 all night im gonna smoke all these moonrocks on some slime shit.
 bouta go smoke then eat this popeyes
 niggas in prison smoke blunts tha size of pencil led and sleep onna bed as thick as a magazine.
 about to go on a late night walk and smoke a solo blunt 
 i need a blunt man damn i cnt wait till i can smoke again
 we really taking brian with us on sunday cause none of us wanna drive high asf since he dont smoke lol
 hella work n smoke 
 she literally smokes weed around her fucking children  what the fuck.
 cannot wait to smoke amp chill
 i just want to smoke and cuddle and listen to great music.
 fuck now i wanna smoke
 sometimes i just wanna smoke sum just to feel something then save the rest for later
 after i smoke this l w bro im gonna be knocked nation again 
 whats lansing gonna do about all these medical marijuana dispensaries in town public safety meeting at 330 pm to 
 hate being up in the middle of the night like this cause all i wanna do is smoke and eat lmao
 who is tryinq to smoke a blunt 
 @4kjae i dont roll i smoke a bowl 
 its sad how kids these days will wake up early af just to smoke a blunt instead of sleeping in or doing something like go to school... smh.
 yeahhh  i know your baby momma fond of me. all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli.
 yes pls gtfo and go to work so i can smoke this blunt in mf peace 
 im looking for a man that can blow my back out  smoke  chill  spend some nights amp order food.
 you smoke with that struggle bud and ya blunt will start popping in ya face lmao
 early mornings ft. coffee weed amp music.   cant go wrong with that.
 hit tf out the car  walked outside to see if the folks was gon come out  said fuck it n dipped n smoke 4 blunts 3 h 
 and smoke this l..
 pete just told me to roll up a fattie and lets smoke in the dump truck lmao
 @realdonaldtrump they trying to get you i poached weed them out drain swamp
 want to smoke a fat blunt
 i keep leaving half smoked bowls in my car and then reaching to pack a new bowl and finding it packed 
 im boudda just smoke and lay back down
 wanna be glone today im working on music all day but i need some weed lol
 jk  gonna eat a cinnabon  smoke again  then go back to sleep
 anyone wanna smoke a blunt
 i just wanna go home  smoke a bleez  amp then lay next to my son while i play him post malone music is that too much to ask
 got my l in my window rolled  ready to be smoked once i get home from work 
 my plug owes me 50 and i wanna smoke now this hoe not answering... smh
 i need to smoke a face before i go to work
 listen all i wanna do is smoke with you .. sit down have dinner with the folks with you
 i wanna smoke .
 working by myself until 2 is cool until i wanna smoke a cig and cant
 im goin home to smoke a blunt on my lunch break.
 dreaming about the ls im gunna smoke the second i step off this plane
 bra i wanna smoke this weed i got for shell  lol but imma wait to get her blowed this weekend
 why do ugly niggas think i wanna chill alone with them lmao no nigga im gonna bring my friends and smoke your weed 
 all my friends wanna smoke with my mom now 
 finna just kick back relax eat good  smoke and enjoy the empty house
 all im looking forward to is going home to smoke a blunt amp go back to sleep
 look like ima have to wait to smoke after wrk cuz i cant take pics lookin hi
 not a morning person i dont fuck with anyone to i smoke a blunt
 tomorrow ...the best after work party on a thursday... come eat amp have fun smoke a little hookah 
 anyone wanna smoke 
 i just wanna get cheese and smoke green with my guys 
 according to @polkfire thick smoke surrounding estimated 20 homes and flames are about 30 yards away from homes. mandatory evacuation @wfla
 im a blunt getting smoked and i cant wake up
 ok  i have 1 hour so ill just smoke 1 bowl amp start getting ready for work 15 min. before my shift 
 days like this i just wanna smoke and drink and listen to morrissey
 im just trying to smoke a blunt rn
 i cant even eat  i need to smoke before my breakfast
 whos got a paper on marijuana they wanna email me
 i packed this bowl for two  im gonna wanna smoke it with you.
 i wanna smoke some killa
 cannot wait to smoke this l after work 
 lets go get food  go to the mountains  smoke amp hammock chill.
 the only thing i wanna do today is find the best weed i can and roll a blunt
 went to skate cherry and smoked a blunt with a couple folks tryna work  what a beautiful wednesday
 i roll it up she smoke it with me
 she just wanna smoke and fuck like thats all we do 
 who wants to smoke a bomb ass hookah rn
 someone wanna smoke n get some food
 if you wanna smoke crack and youre not hurting anyone else  who gives a fuck
 dropped grandpa off to play his numbers  went shopping  smoked  now time to eat then get ready for work
 got a wind breaker full of good smoke
 im really not tryna smoke this blunt by myself
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 boutta smoke the. go to work
 i cant wait to smoke about 25 543 ls to the face when i get to my brothers house
 im gonna be one of those business girls that smokes a fat blunt with her clients and then makes hella money through her business
 you get a free ounce of weed handed to you whatchu gonna do with it 
 ready to go home and smoke while i study this chapter
 stop looking for me like hoes boy get off my dick im not with that gay shit leave me alone im just in my zone i just wanna smoke
 sext wanna smoke weed until we pass out
 i wanna smoke until i pass out
 i have 15 minutes to smoke a blunt before class  will i make it
 @mmarshall522 wanna go smoke a cig in my car with the windows up
 anyone wanna smoke 
 i love that smoke a blunt and fuck the shit out of each other type of sex
 i fw you heavy if i let you roll my weed.
 this bitch wanna smoke all my weed
 gonna smoke a blezzy for you today homie...rest easy
 if i wanna really get to know someone id offer to smoke
 who in kzoo got some smoke  i just wanna be high for the rest of the day
 this girl dead ass called weed giggle bush i want to kill myself
 @cvrpio im here because idk what im doing with my life except drink  eat   and smoke hookah
 come smoke this blunt
 cant smoke anymore but damn sure bout to cop hella edibles to eat on 
 i just wanna smoke 
 cant wait to get off and smoke then be under my shawty and get on her nerves lol
 i just wanna smoke and lay up under and eat her pussy all night
 if i smoke this blunt girl im goin forget you 
 bouta smoke this blunt n kill this research paper 
 i cant wait to go home amp smoke that lavender indica we picked up last night 
 the fuck do you smoke man 
 who wanna smoke with me ..
 anyone wanna smoke 
 she just wanna chill with me and smoke up all my weed
 i wanna smoke
 i really wanna smoke smh
 i cant stand a healthy stoner  like nah nigga  i dont wanna smoke your vegan nongmo gluten free 0 calorie hemp wrap  pass me the swisher
 baby i just wanna get cheese and smoke green with my guys
 she goes great with an ice cold beer or a shot of whiskey. shes a habit that you cant let go. shes smoke.  
 bill walton probably smokes more weed than anyone i know. this game is gonna be entertaining
 @sallykohn   0.5 smoke a fat joint etc
 cant wait till i can finally smoke again 
 i cant wait to be home from work  im going to smoke myself into a coma
 throwing a fat ass smoke back on 420 cant get in unless you got at least an eighth 
 i wanna smoke before i go to work but i refuse to get this skimpy ass  im high for 15 minutes  24 store bali
 do you wanna smoke 
 oh trust me that shit is always handy when i wanna smoke out here just in case 50 wanna pull up lmao 
 @blisstabitha so in texas i can drive around w 500lbs of marijuana in my car because i culturally identify myself as a rastafarian
 this mf really left me to go smoke. 
 tryna smoke a blunt for this headache
 i just wanna smoke my life away. so where is the cyph
 nobody out here smokes bowls  only blunts
 anybody wanna smokeeee
 i just wanna smoke
 i wanna get hemp chocolate ok court kk
 nap or smoke is my dilemma
 so nobody wanna smoke wit me  wow .
 got ready to go out shopping  but decided to order food and watch movies and smoke 
 @tontyanas this baby gonna smoke your time when its 2 girl
 lowkey wanna smoke
 all i wanna do is smoke  get my butt grabbed  and watch shameless all night 
 jus glad the days over with. now wassup wit the weed
 does she smoke can she roll a raw is she with this shit or naw
 i just wanna cry   smoke   and go to sleep.
 if tesoro is still out of cope mint  im gonna sue the us smokeless tobacco company @jonesybuescher
 wanna smoke a blunt with ya girlfriend
 the qdoba smoked brisket ad on youtube particularly gets on my nerves. please get your smoky tender goodness outta my vegan face
 time to smoke a blunt in my bathtub
 i just wanna chill drink smoke fuck
 in the mood to cuddle  smoke a blunt  an just talk about life.
 i just wanna smoke a fucking fatty ugh 
 wanna smoke and go to bed but i can never find weed in sugarland 
 i just wanna be home hanging with momma weed already 845bound
 it bugs me that girls cant wait to smoke weed or drink after they give birth.. whyd you get pregnant then 
 nbs cant wait to smoke this weekend 
 ready to smoke and cuddle 
 hey @jaronshiveley   wanna go snort some marijuanas and be bad people
 @rt061 check out area of interests new tshirt this week it is blunt for you smokers  blunt
 jus wanna smoke a blunt with @rihanna that would be nice 
 wish i can smoke a damn freaking blunt or 2 rn but for a 30 a hour i will stay clean even though i still around the smoke  bake always.
 just want someone i can chill with. smoke a blunt  climb a mountain  and talk about the world
 the only thing i wanna smoke is your butt crack
 i just wanna smoke weeed  someone pls lemme smoke weed with u. i have money   
 i cant find nobody that just wanna have fun bro  everybody wanna party  smoke and drink like damn nobody wanna go to puttputt 
 i just wanna shower smoke amp sleep
 thats about to be my go to i smoke good weed. i dress good
 wasting all that weed on top  its gonna fall off once the paper gets burned 
 wish i could lay up one weekend and just smoke go out to eat n chill  that would b the best
 date idea smoke a bowl on the beach in the middle of the night with someone while we watch the stars.
 just wanna smoke a j
 light that shit then pass that shit  we gon get so smoked out
 these last two days have been so shitty  cant wait to be off and smoke an ounce
 sitting back smoking weed plotting on tonights moves 
 im gonna go smoke a drink these demons quiet real quick...
 just tryna smoke a blunt
 @rickjr1956 @adamthebullfan ditto. like eric moore said when i die  cremate me  mix my ashes with a pound o good reefer  and smoke me
 @tyfood lmao fuck that no smoke emoji got me crying
 i come home and go straight for the weed
 link up who wanna smoke
 wanna smoke  nah ok
 i just wanna lay up amp smoke fat blunts with a chick
 i really need a spoil tay day like where i get my nails done and go shopping and prolly smoke a blunt ive been so sad lately 
 damn i just had a small headache and once i smoked this blunt my headache disappears 
 im so agitated rn. lemme smoke amp go to sleep bc i have 2 clients coming in the morning
 @mik4y20 wanna smoke
 i just wanna smoke  eat  and be cuddled. in that order.
 bouta go home and smoke my first blunt of the day  i been handling business all dang day
 im not allowed to smoke in my room but....its cold as fuck soooo
 ill smoke you out eat you out then take you out to eat 
 just going to lay here amp die until will comes home i might smoke a blunt and cry
 lay up smoke and watch a little tv..
 just wanna finish my homework so i can smoke n go to sleep... im exhausted 
 dont go to a smoke sesh if you cant roll
 need tomorrow to be over already. i want my life back. i wanna sleep again and eat and smoke and just relax. im so tired of studying
 i just wanna smoke the night away
 irked my damn food not here yet  i dont wanna smoke this backwood till i eat 
 i need smoke so this headache can go away
 omg so just finished watching this scary movie n i go outside to smoke a blunt n the fucken light goes out  i ran inside i fucken scared
 3600 smoke session kick back 
 omg so just finished watching this scary movie n i go outside to smoke a blunt n the fucken light goes out  i ran inside all fucken scared
 do i really wanna venture to my car in the cold to smoke...
 i just wanna smoke blunts  n listen to e40
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girl thats all that we do 
 with out this weed id be depressed
 i cant wait to be off work and go smoke a big ol bowl
 i need to smoke i cant sleep 
 theology professor if you cant eat it or smoke it  why grow it
 @beedrizzle @taaysavage taylor smokes
 honestly just wanna jump off a cliff then smoke a blunt
 get out the gym  smoke a bowl
 @elijahlaguerre if this aint in our next session ion even wanna smoke 
 im outta weed amp im off work tomorrow so im just gonna lowkey get drunk by myself
 just wanna smoke 
 i wanna go to a nice ass view in the valley and smoke a fat ass joint..
 swear working at ihop makes me wanna smoke cigarettes
 im just gonna take a deep breath and smell allll the  weed 
 jus wanna go on a drive an smoke this blunt
 cigerettes smoke give me a instant headache.
 i cant wait till i can smoke a cig with hillary like old times
 getting dick is great  dont get me wrong. but sometimes i just wanna chill wit a really dooe guy amp smoke
 girls night in needed soon. smoke. wine. greasy food and lots of junk food.
 my two weaknesses wanna smoke wanna go eat 
 anyone wanna smoke one with ya boy
 i jus wanna smoke a blunt or twooooo n ktfo
 shorties that smoke occasionally gtgtgtgtgt
 kinda wanna smoke soon bc why not
 you get yo weed from flint 
 i also wanna smoke bruh im conflicted
 in other news  private smoke club is gonna be super dope 
 if i dont take a xan or smoke some weed i cant sleep
 im tryna smoke this blunt n knock out
 im thinking tomorrow is gonna be a wine ampamp weed day i mean...since i have no friends out here
 let me just smoke this blunt amp watch me get out my feelings aha
 they looking at a lung transplant... he healthy he go to the gym. i promise you the cravings will go away. just smoke a joint 
 im bored and im not gonna go to sleep lets smoke and go eat tf 
 all i do is smoke on the beach  think and sleep all night. latenightthoughts
 2k  smoke  fuck..  but only two is happening tonight.
 2k  smoke  fuck..  but only two of those are happening tonight.
 good mornin gonna  go smoke and eat breakfast. be blessed
 lemme just smoke this and get my coffee and go about my work day lol 
 me someone reeks of weed wtf  me two sec later o wait its me
 about to smoke this bowl... 
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed i said baby just buy dutches cus u cant smoke for free
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and rub on ya booty
 if you dont smoke your morning bowl on the let you aint winnin
 i love ma weed man he jus takes to long to cum da fuck outside 
 i just wanna smoke n be laid up
 i hate when i try staying up to watch netflix when im faded but i ko instead lmao weed too dank
 @notorious3600 hope your day gets better bro  go to a park smoke weed and write shit.
 i cant smoke my blunt im too tired
 i jus wanna smoke 10 blunts rn is that a problem
 i need more friends who are gonna wanna go out to eat or somethin after we smoke like the buffet. all ya niggas wanna do is smoke all day 
 cant wait to smoke a blunt on the beach 
 well that annoyed my morning lets smoke a bowl
 cant wait never seen an academic talk with a smoke machine  wind  and strobe lights sign up now. 
 think im gonna smoke some weed rn
 dont know if i should smoke this blunt alone or
 i wanna smoke this blunt but i dont want to smell before work 
 wait a min roll up the weed
 roll up   smoke some and lets talk about life
 ion even smoke but at this point i need a fat ass blunt
 i cant even go smoke  whenever i leave the room this puppy starts crying
 i wanna attend the paint and smoke thing
 i wanna smoke bruh
 she just wanna chill wit me and smoke up all my weed. so i rolled up some of dat og and dat bih went straight to sleep 
 if you never smoked a blunt in the bath tub  you a lame.
 joey needs to hurry up and get home i aint trying to smoke alone lol
 nigga roll my weed and get the fuck up out face
 wellll im gonna smoke a bong and go back to bed now sooo gnight
 i smoke 2 joints when i wake up
 i get so actual irritated when i see my mom let one of my siblings stay home from school bc now i cant smoke on the porch i gotta hide
 home is where the weed at 
 we gon blow smoke in the sky till we cant our eyes
 hs mitch lets smoke girll current mitch wanna look at my portfolio of gorgeous black men i am straight but an avid collector.
 wake up smoke 
 came from 2 hours at the gym...tryna smoke this dope in peace in my garage but my parents home n they nosey  go out enjoy yaselves dammit
 lets stay up late and smoke a ji wanna go back to the old waybut im drunk instead  with a full ash tray
 had an annoying ass day at work and now its too damn windy for me to peacefully smoke this blunt
 tf kinda nasty ass weed in that joint 
 i just wanna go smoke 
 fr anyone live in valpo and wanna smoke
 so im sick af just gonna smoke a blunt the ko leave me alone
 tryna smoke a blunt
 @verydadlike this is gonna be me when i smoke my first blunt after a year 
 i want someone to go on late night adventures with and smoke outside with at my secret spots. and we can eat good ass food.
 i wanna get high i wanna get low come on i wanna smoke a lil spliff with you
 yooooooooo who wanna smoke fuck this shit
 when im in jamaica  i cant wait to smoke a joint and drink a red stripe. stonergoals 7moremonths 
 i dont wanna fuck you girl just relax and smoke the blunt and leave.
 someone come smoke me out with a blunt and ill give u a rlly big dab
 im so honestly so over people talking shit about me. shut the fuck up smoke a bowl do some coke and fucking shut up
 i need to make friends at chabot who are down to go eat and smoke a blunt in between classes lol
 today is gonna be a great day. eating good rn. getting weed. shooting a fashion show at milk studios tonight. i love it.
 should i smoke this joint 
 im tired i just wanna go see about thid car come home smoke amp pass tf out 
 like son if you out here selling weed for the price of candy bars let me get some of that but oh wait no one is selling drugs for that low
 @minyk lol best jont b..ahh man i cant wait to get off work and go home what about you they always b like yea i need to go home n smoke
 finna smoke my 3rd blunt of the day 
 so youre gonna smoke my blunt and make me hold the door for you
 i fucking love my manager  im gunna go on break and smoke a bowl
 now roll it and smoke it 
 people are just gonna smoke 5x more if thats the case lol 
 i just wanna smoke and eat good
 im just tryna hangout with @cookiemonstadub in new york in march and smoke a blunt and eat lots of cookies
 roll my weed up on it  thats an ass tray
 i dont even smoke but i need a  blunt rn 
 i just found weed in my underwear. my next partner is gonna love me
 i just wanna travel and smoke weed with a cute boy by my side
 i wanna do sports but im lazy   i just wanna smoke and sip lean by the court lol
 go get you some paper an ounce for the low i roll up some weed and get in my zone
 to lazy to get up and smoke my trees 
 get my drink on and my smoke on then go home with something to poke on 
 ion wanna smoke with nobody
 i keep smelling dirt weed everywhere i go i have no idea why but its really getting on my nerves lol
 all i do   is smoke   work  in stay down  
 if i cant smoke weed to it  i ont wanna listen to it.
 the only thing that makes me swipe left faster than a septum piercing is a smoker with a septum piercing 
 heres your sandwich bowl. its roach weed  good weed  and then roach weed.
 ready go home  so i can get some good food and weed 
 finna smoke dis p amp finally go 2 sleep 
 lemme walk off campus amp smoke this blunt 
 she cute and she smoke and that ass still fat
 when @treasurelynn7 amp @therealkashcal wanna smoke but dont want to come in the next room 
 @chasehardin2 was just throwing up this morning at 8  fell back to bed woke up at 10 and smoked a blunt.. feeling good now
 i just wanna smoke and send nudes at inappropriate times.
 i wanna go somewhere in nature wit a nice view smoke amp just think
 wanna lay up  smoke  and watch netflix all day
 @jamesfrancotv hey bro you wanna smoke with me and @sethrogen when i get to cali im gonna pay for you guys dont worry 
 me immediately after waking up from a 12 hour weed nap 
 just wait til i smoke this blunt then ima fuck em up
 black girls always wanna smoke
 cant wait to get this purp later  never saw weed that purple before
 @beatsbyju i smoked too much lmao. im ready for the day to be over so i can be back in bed . you
 just wanna get off work and smoke a blunt already
 anybody wanna smoke this blunt with me
 she can roll weed amp she go both ways
 @boonieloo if you looking for some new music to listen to while hitting the weed check this gon out 
 @sburbannoizechi  if you looking for some new music to listen to while hitting the weed check this gon out 
 @hopetgod  if you looking for some new music to listen to while hitting the weed check this gon out 
 @doctorwhofumao @snoopdogg  if you looking for some new music to listen to while hitting the weed check this gon out 
 cant wait to get off to smoke to future .
 wait nicki smokes 
 sad as fuck cause i cant smoke weed. call me a pussy idgaf
 so true through cannabis i was able to get off all opiates and significantly reduce my benzo 
 bout to smoke a fat pound of grass  and fall on my ass faster then a fat bitch that sat down too fast
 who wants to smoke a blunt
 since no one wants to hang out with me on this beautiful friday  im gonna do homework and smoke a joint at grant park
 i neeeed to smoke a blunt with my bitch @deeveetweets  11moredays
 nissan sanmarcos is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 calling it now ganja white night on the beach is gonna be the hottest set of the weekend at okee
 i fuckin passed my math final  bouta smoke a fat ass blunt 
 shawty wanted to smoke and fuck   i just wanted to chill and watch gossip girl ....
 now thats a reuben to end all discussions reuben sandwiches @ smoked amp stacked 
 ok but who smoked a blunt in the hallway
 im trying but all they wanna do is smoke 
 wake up smoke good and chase check.
 just wanna be home  lay up with someone  smoke hookah and make love.
 whos in queens and wanna smoke 
 wake up amp smoke good weed
 just wanna smoke amp thrift today
 tony always trying to smoke before i go to work 
 im bouta go in this break  smoke a big ol tooka  drink my coffee  and walk on the beach
 anyone wanna smoke and adventure
 i think i wanna smoke today idk tho
 i just wanna smoke eat amp sleep 8
 definitely a smoke a blunt to the face kind of morning
 cant wait to go home and see smokey with his haircut 
 i really dont wanna go to the dispensary alone but i need weed 
 i just wanna smoke and get my dreads retwisted 
 its friday  i just wanna smoke one 
 gonna slow it down on smoking weed and spending money . im gonna save up to get my self a truck
 i wanna smoke but then again i dont...
 @officialbradlee yes i do cause weed helps me sleep since i have insomnia.
 im going to ditch him to go smoke with my girls instead 
 my teacher is literally in her 70s at least  and she just told me she needs to go get her marijuana from home
 soooooo who wanna smoke with me  
 honestly dont even feel like doing anything today  i wanna be left alone  with my weed.
 just wanna smoke amp lay up this weekend
 i kinda wanna go to runway tonight. but knowing me  around 9oclock ill pussy out and just want to stay home smoke and eat.
 you fuck around get smoked.
 shawty say she wanna smoke ayee if she hit da blunt she gotta give me throat ayee
 i keep everything natural i just wanna smoke a leaf
 well current update my ring is swollen on my finger and i have my period and am in pain but i cant smoke me i only have wraps rn amp tobacco
 she jusss wanna smoke amp fuck  i said girl thasss all that we do
 lets smoke a fat blunt to celebrate 
 perfect weather to smoke a blunt by the lake
 smoke some smoke amp go down some back roads  anyone 
 i just wanna smoke to this album all night tbh 
 i just wanna smoke weed in the mountains.
 i just wanna go to centinneal  smoke a few joints  and go off to a few smoke shops 
 @twentyoneclique wanna smoke your first blunt today
 dese niggas just wanna smoke amp be famous
 gonna smoke a few blunts and take a fat ass nap
 it can be  but ill smoke a bowl  you can have the shots  but we can always meat in the middle  
 want a friend i can smoke amp listen to the front bottoms with
 hella smoke but the joints not lit 
 i just wanna smoke tbh
 i really wish jackie or lexi were with me rn  its gonna be hard to smoke all this
 beautiful and warm day in february. what to smoke on the way home from work 
 these all nighters ive been pulling have me waking up craving carbs  weed amp cuddles
 i wanna smoke soooo bad 
 who wanna smoke me out for my birthday
 im so sad bc i cant take ganja up to rui this weekend
 i just wanna eat some healthy shit and smoke multiple blunts after
 i wanna smoke a blunt and go eat some tams fries with ranch
 i wanna smoke a fattttttt asss blunt
 im trynna smoke a blunt and walk through the aquarium
 ff wanna learn about cannabis amp get beyond the stigma follow these folks @adlersinclair @blitzenkc 
 me yeah im just gonna leave weed on the floor where animals can get to it
 this weather makes we wanna just smoke and watch netflix all day .
 im so blunt you could roll me up and smoke me
 i just wanna cuddle and smoke a blunt
 denver. the star bar tonight 9pm to midnight. willzah1313 is gonna try and smoke 100 joints 
 anyone wanna go to sculpture park and smoke a blunt on the waterfront
 nfl lineman who beat football addiction w cannabis  mapoli @cannabisnurses @masscann 
 im ready to go home  smoke a fat blunt amp watch movies illbeasleepby9
 i just wanna smoke amp play basketball 
 who the fuck walks around with weed in their makeup bag me lololol
 tourists always asking what the locals do. we smoke weed and go home. tf you think we work out here for 8 hours then go party smh
 can we smoke a blunt too 
 warm weather makes me wanna smoke  smokefree35days
 tbh i just wanna smoke and chill. fuck all the extra 
 i just got off amp home and the first text message i get is can i get some smoke  bitch .. im tired asf amp just got home are you serious 
 i just wanna lay up and smoke 
 @avmtz @lovelyvee0 smoke a blunt 
 all i do is work and smoke weed
 she drink like she lahey  but im ricky when i smoke a sack 
 she drink like she lahey  but im ricky when i smoke a sack 
 not trynna smoke again though tbh i just wanna tat myself. think i will.
 the little girl said i go to work w my parents amp i asked where do they work amp she says @ the shop  they get money amp give people to smoke
 just wanna smoke amp go to sleep
 whatever i made my first money off of a customer with less than 3 weeks of school and no proper training i wanna smoke and lay in bed
 eat good  smoke good  fuck good... everything gooooooood
 all i do is smoke weed and work
  she say all you do is drink smoke and goto work you a grown ass man
 i dont wanna smoke w ya  i dont wanna see ya. stop texting me.
 gonna have some great smoked meat this summer 
 just gonna smoke and drink the pain away.
 let me smoke my blunt before i get real angry
 i wanna pick you up smoke one and go have lunch witcha.
 i smoke so much pressure
 when the weed kicks in 
 im just gonna smoke this shit away 
 this rain makes me wanna smoke a fat backy.
 getting ready for the smoker tomorrow. inspired by my man @lordsmitteous 
 im just ready to go on my lunch and smoke this blunt and eat todays been a shitty ass day
 all she wanna do is smoke my stromboli
 @dadcompiex ill kick your ass if you smoke or eat ice again
 i just wanna smoke and go to sleep
 when you smoke a blunt before work  
 who wanna smoke one 
 enjoying the amazing evening out with a smoke and a drink  it doesnt get any nicer than tonight in february 
 i cant wait to shower lotion up put a big shirt on smoke a blunt and lay up omg couple more minutes 
 weather forecast smoke a blunt and stay in th damn house 
 im to get some good weed amp something good to eat before i go home 
 i jus wanna smoke and watch pulp fiction
 alright this sucks i wanna smoke but this rain maann
 sooo who trynna smoke amp cuddle in this weather
 patiently awaiting my wife to get home so i can go smoke some grass in the basement. its been a long day with the little one.
 i guess im just gonna smoke this blunt to head
 all i wanna do is smoke a backwoods rub on sum booty
 just go smoke a blunt to outta time 
 im trying to get some good weed amp something good to eat before i go home 
 you smoke you gon smoke you drink you gon drink you roll you gon roll do yo think just dont step on these all white g fazos
 i wanna smoke
 i need a girl that can roll my weed for me 
 my girl smoke so much weed now dat when i hold da blunt too long she be mugging me n shit 
 honestly amp smoke a blunt 
 i wanna go for a smoke and get mcd fries with sum1 
 tryna smoke and cuddle but no one to do it with 
 really cool high school dude in taco bell i got some weed bruh  wanna roll later oh and have you heard big seans new album
 i just wanna go outside an smoke my blunt but my grandma talkin my head off
 @barackobama @medium maybe thats cigarette smoke will work on you
 i cant wait to start classes in the summer  im tired of being a bum who smokes weed and works all the time. i wanna be a nerd who smokes
 cnt wait to smoke this l
 mood smoke a blunt with baby and have crazy high sex 
 i think ima fall back  smoke a l and get this work done tn.
 i just wanna smoke and jam throwbacks
 wanna smoke a joint on the ferris wheel 
 idky i keep thinking my bong is gonna magically appear out of no where each time i wanna smoke smh
 @taylordelmar haha lets grab a drink and smoke an l asap
 i wanna smoke rn
 cant wait to smoke this blunt
 why his killer smoke a sweet full of imagination 
 madi better not wanna do nothing tonight we got a 730 work meeting in the morning like imma smoke and go to sleep
 usa is gonna get smoked
 i keep everything neutral i just wanna smoke amp leave.
 @kelsieesquibel not the type bout to go smoke tho
 i just want weed amp cuddles 
 its been a chill ass friday ampamp i love it. im about to smoke a blunt and make my tracy her get well soon basket.
 so what do you guys wanna do now wanna smoke some drugs
 smashing on this salmon from zanzibar. bout to go home  smoke amp go to bed.
 i wanna smoke
 she just wanna chill with me and smoke up all my weed so i will red then moonrock and put her ass to sleep 
 bouta smoke this fat ass wood 
 @newsstrump @tenderkitty23 pls @senjohnmccain  resign. your days are over. go home smoke a few cigars amp talk about the good ol days.
 brindy really broke the damn screen window to smoke out the cabin at church camp 
 sunset smokes and beautiful views. weed marijuana 420 losangeles  
 cant wait to get home  get comfy and have a celebration smoke 
 gonna be some free smoke if you bitch ass dont drop the album @drake 
 bed   weed and this is us  friday
 video chatting my brother him i dont wanna talk to you i hold up bong him oh you wanna smoke with me hold on let me grab it.
 would rather just lay in my bed and smoke 
 no weed so ig im fuckin wit the hookah
 anybody wanna smoke on facetime
 i need to pack but i aways wanna smoke this blunt first lmfao
 ok someone in cypress  houston pls smoke me out or let me buy bc i have a headache
 cant even @ smokestack at magnolia brewing 
 i just wanna smoke this bud with you lol
 all my exs wanna smoke fuck no i hate you all
 she just wanna smoke and fuck
 wish i was home to smoke a blunt with my girls right now
 just wanna smoke a blunt
 i smoked one blunt on a friday .
 i just wanna smoke but i dont have a car amp no one wants to deliver 
 nico dont feel good im going home to put on my dallas cowboys sweatpants and sleep.. if you wanna smoke me out or bring food htl.
 were not gonna talk about whether or not he smoked weed or stole cigarillos 
 when i drink i wanna smoke 
 can brax hurry up and come home cuz im starving and i wanna smoke this shit already
 @ap3dap3 bitch of course i was gonna smoke you out but you wanna act brand new so fuck you too
 so glad to have friends back home who smoke
 finna smoke this blunt and chill
 off work. finna head home  hopefully smoke  sleep and do this shit again tomorrow.
 i wanna smoke
 all of my friends go out stays home n smokes out to music all night
 @lazybutthead wanna skype and smoke dabs with me 
 just wanna smoke and ride round my cityyy
 eat smoke sleep.   in that order lol.
 finna just smoke and go my ass to bed
 i needa amp wanna smoke .. where the weed at 
 im smoke ave shorty but i hang where i wanna
 forever feeling sick af  just wanna smoke and knock out
 the stars are so perfect to smoke a blunt to tonight
 ready to smoke a fat ass wood
 i wanna smoke. but im glad im not rn
 i guess im gonna go smoke this blunt then go shopping at walmart
 i wanna smoke but i dont feel like rolling
 i just wanna smoke with someone and talk some bullshit it aint always gotta be about getting sum
 how you gonna come into my house to smoke then on your way out try and finesse all my lighters and take my money  
 who up amp wanna smoke 
 this rains got me wanting to smoke a bowl and cuddle.
 cannot wait to smoke weed again
 they care about life  music  peace  and smoke weed    they wanna just do it first time in their life bbc cnn agdamlegalizeweedsendeet
 anyone wanna make twenty bucks and get smoked up for a couple hours of their time right now
 sometimes i just wanna smoke in my boxers
 should i get up amp smoke this blunt... or just take my ass to sleep 
 im gonna rewatch weeds
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do  ovo
 when you go to a college that is a smoke free campus and you pass a smoker 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 so excited to go get food  smoke a blunt amp watch shameless  when did i become a grandma
 come eat and party with us theds17lounge each and every saturday dinnerparty smoke hookah and 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt
 i just wanna fuck smoke amp chill
 clearly they have not only legalized marijuana on planet democrat theres a mandatory minimum realtime
 damn i wanna smoke 
 time to get myself a pipe or a paper so i can pack a bowl or roll a joint without having to be with someone who does just to smoke 
 i wanna smoke a ciggggggggiiiieeeeee  ahhhhhhh
 when you cant sleep smoke a blunt and go tanning
 burn this weed than im gonna finish ting up in zombies
 im going to denver this yr. even if i go alone. i wanna hike amp smoke on mountains.
 i was tryna smoke up after work but nobody fucking with me
 nothing to do  bored as fuck wanna smoke  might do coke  might go to sleep want some pussy wheres the pizza
 off work cant wait to go home n smoke n get muddy 
 at the stu lately dont really wanna smoke just drink.
 all i do is smoke and drink at home by myself.
 i cant wait to get home and smoke this blunt  lol
 who wanna smoke wit me
 awk moment when u dont have anyone to smoke a blunt w anymore 
 saturday 3 o clock in da mornin ish ... smoke good feel goood countyofkings 420  weedporn 
 i just smoked a bowl out of an apple bitch i cant 
 i just wanna take a drive down sand canyon and smoke
 bout to smoke amp take my ass to sleep
 wanna go smoke a cig but knowing cops around be stopping me for standing outside..  jk
 nissan sanmarcos is nowplaying blowin smoke by kaceymusgraves cubevenue
 someone smoke a blunt with me 
 anyone tryna smoke a blunt
 the plan for the night was to get skin up   come home   smoke a blunt and sleep.
 im just waking up i was tired af   im boutta smoke nd watch a movie so i can go back to sleep
  hey bad one roll up my weed 
 i just smoked out of it this morning im sad 
 for real smoked out mike the security guard at the republic. hit him up hes a good time
 i really just wanna talk to you rn. smoke a blunt and get lost in your eyes rn.
 lets smoke a bowl
 im about to go smoke and listen to futures new album
 imma have to smoke to be able to go to sleep
 someone talk to me while i smoke this bowl before bed
 blowin smoke in da wind
 i just wanna smoke and have late night parked car conversations 
 already cant wait for it to be 12 so i can smoke a dutch 
 lmao i deadass thought these were weed pipes for a sec. 
 i want to go eat breffis and drink this morning  but im gonna smoke first
 i wanted to smoke a fat blunt before going to sleep so i can wake up next saturday
 goodmorning today is a chill day for me ..got my wine got my weed  im good  positivevibes only
 you know its gonna be a rough day when you wake up to smoke detectors 
 woke up sober af  now i wanna smoke
 i just wanna smoke and lay in bed but everyone is dry 
 landlord on his mr. fixit shit rn and i just wanna smoke a blunt.
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 i jus wanna get paid for smokin weed is tht too much to ask
 just smoked a blunt in my car and my mom wants me to take her to get tamales 
 tryna smoke a bowl nd go back to bed
 lets smoke a bowl
 i wish we could smoke in our rooms. i wanna lay in my bed and smoke without having to remove my bonnet or put on pants and shoes.
 hello good morning wake up please i want to get smoked out
 i just wanna smoke and play my xbox today 
 really need miami girlfriends  i just wanna chill   smoke   drink   wine amp get  with em 
 im workin in quick sand today  who tryna bick it when i get home  jus bouta smoke these two houses real quick
 who tryna bick it when i get home  jus bouta smoke these two houses real quick
 damn someone favd if they wanna smoke with me and it wont even show me who
 gonna smoke a few by the river
 trying to smoke hella blunts outside in this nice ass weather today 
 im about to smoke a fat j and go to wawa
 wanna smoke... dont wanna roll 
 great weather to smoke a blunt today
 all my creative friends in dallas  these squares out here only wanna smoke mid all day
 its my dads birthday today boutta go smoke him out on a fat ass blunt
 im still faded as fuck rn. about to smoke this other l rn. im gona be high all day 
 i just want to smoke a blunt and die.
 wanna smoke @ da rocks
 cant even get myself out of bed to smoke a blunt
 does someone wanna smoke a blunt and go get some donuts
 who wanna smoke some more nigga you just threw the  piece 
 lh everybody  wanna be thugs and sell weed amp shit . take yo ass to school 
 do you want to smoke this blunt outside   cause its nice out and we could get high
 who wanna smoke this gas with me 
 who tryna go eat and smoke this last blunt i have left 
 who can i chill with and smoke with today
 i just wanna grind up some fire ass weed with my new grinder and smoke the shit out of it
 if you smoke  drink  fuck  or eat  you still gonna die. so might as well smoke  drink  fuck  and eat all the shit you want to.
 i just wanna fuckin smoke in peace this fine saturday
 i really wanna make some weed snacks
 lollll how you gonna ask if i have ganja  i blaze you out.. then you cant breath. say you quit you asked and cant hang  
 to smoke before work or not to
 how are you gonna ask me to smoke then cant hang or handle my shit 
 about to eat sum good breakfast  amp smoke a j
 she just wanna chill with me and smoke up all my weed  so i rolled up some of that moon rock amp that bitch went straight to sleep
 i wanna smoke with @sethrogen and write a movie.
 i wanna get high as hell and fuck on this beautiful saturday but 1. i dont smoke and 2. i dont have nobody to fuck on in detroit 
 my two fav things in life  weed and nice weather 
 just wanna smoke and be outside all day today 
 weather like this makes me want to go for a walk and just smoke 
 i just wanna ride in my ride with the top down and smoke weed with my niggas 
 type weather you smoke all facials n just chill
 bout to kick off the ugly drum smoker 
 if u roll it   they will smoke
 i wanna go smoke in the woods or something 
 just wanna lay in bed all day smoke bowls watch movies in black and white rainydays
 who wants to smoke a blunt and take me to moes
 i wanna smoke but marisa is slumped 
 mood lets lay in bed and smoke kush  for 3 hours
 i just wanna go home and smoke a blunt already 
 who wanna smoke hookah with me and @elliemichele 2nite
 kinda day you just want smoke a joint and go for a walk 
 brookes uncle goes why drink and drive when you can smoke and flyyyyy 
 ya mcm been smoking weed for years and still cant roll a blunt 
 cant wait to land in cali and smoke all the natural kush 
 driving teacher when i retire i cant wait to go to my beach house and smoke a joint on the shore  what is this class im in love
 in an ideal  i would be able to record in a well lit  quality studio    wo smelling weed i wanna record not nap
 goes home and smoke all day i have no life 
 @aaaisha519 @whitecastle lol smoke a joint 
 i just wanna smoke at the park today since its so damn nice out
 i just wanna smoke blunts after blunts all day
 todays a good day to smoke a blunt amp go on a hike
 fina step out get some weed and enjoy this breeze
 if i dont smoke a blunt at a park today ill be very upset
 beautiful day. whos trynna chill and smoke some bud outside
 cant wait for summer so i can smoke the days away under the sun
 free party in san bernardino all day today. hella weed and other shenanigans such as video game 
 its smoke hookah outside weather
 fuck a joint we smoke it by the lb
 this is the perfect day to smoke some gas amp go get icecream 
 i just wanna smoke my weed amp stack by bread
 sitting in the salon listening to some girl talk about how shes okay her baby is gonna be smaller because she smokes wtf is wrong with you
 cant wait to smoke when i get home
 watch @iamsckoolboy about to smoke and go straight to sleep once he come by the crib
 cookout by the lake and smoke some weeds type weather  where yall hoes at
 @beyoncetheg where i wanna watch and smoke
 literally just wanna smoke a blunt all by my self and relax ...
 you know what i wanna do tonight  stay home  smoke  watch a cartoon movie or something and smoke again
 just wanna smoke a blunt through the highway on this beautiful day listening to tunnel vision while doing kodaks dance
 hostess apologizes for the wait and said theyre short staffed. she then proceeds to go outside for a smoke break.
 you dont smoke dabs. you dab hash.
 i wanna sit outside  smoke a blunt  amp enjoy this weather
 just ate this weed candy gotta wait 1122hrs for it to kick in
 now that im tranfering to another college  i kinda dont want to because i dont wanna leave my smoke room behind 
 kinda wanna smoke
 i just sat up and looked at the clock it said 420 that means smoke a blunt and get ready for work. lbvs
 drink wine and clean the house or smoke a joint
 unusual of me but today is a nice day to get out of work at 6 and smoke a blunt 
 i just say fuck everything and just lay there amp smoke a blunt
 bout to smoke  
 once everybody legalize weed in the usa watch the economy go up as well as the quality of life
 is it 9 yet i wanna smoke a blunt 
 fuck life fuck feelings smoke propane 
 waiting for richard to get in the car so we can smoke this joint then go dye my hair 
 i wanna smoke amp listen to music alone in my room
 not a smoker but i wanna smoke rn
 time to smoke a blunt
 everyone in la smoked weed and eats organic food and goes to overpriced work out classes and sits in cafs to people watch
 i just wanna count money smoke jagged
 want a blunt but cant smoke 
 finna smoke a fat blunt 
 finally off work thinking about having a drink or two. wish i could smoke lol soon..
 you do not need to get ready to chill out and smoke. makes me not even wanna chill anymore
 i have to quit smoking weed and i wanna die
 i just wanna hang out today and smoke.
 finna go get me some weed n come right back home.
 i just wanna go home  smoke  amp get some food
 about to smoke a blunt with mommadukes  im moving 2000 miles away from her in 2 weeks.. im gonna buy her a house oneday when i make it
 all i wanna do is smoke 4 blunts before i have to go back to being sober
 cant wait for my sister 2 discover weed
 i just want a fat blunt but my weed in my sock.
 i only roll my weed in the freshest flour tortillas
 if i cant pull up and smoke a blunt and vibe with you   i proly cant fuck with you realistically .
 its such a nice day to smoke a blunt call up all my 9 bitches tell them wassup tweet that shit so i dont forget it
 this is a psa if u wanna eat taco bell n smoke weed around roughly 11 tn and watch movies  come thru
 smoke and fuck smoke and fuck 
 cant wait to get off amp smoke before i spazz 
 she said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed.
 im tired dennahoe all i wanna do is take a bubble bath smoke a blunt amp get in bed lmao saturdaynightin
 @richchigga wanna smoke a blunt with me
 i wanna smoke 
 anyone in tulare wanna smoke some wax hmu boys only not tryna get victoria mad lol
 i wanna get to the bottom of a lot of people in music behind the smoke and mirrors but i also dont cause it may fuck up my perception lol
 i wanna have an absolutely insane smoke sesh with these guys 
 when you get off probation and you smoke your first blunt in 3 years 
 i just wanna smoke w my homies but i dont have any here 
 just wanna lay in bed with my shawty and smoke dope
 ds just kinda get annoyed with people who use us cause we have weed or money to go out all the time. were not covering you your brother and
 i only got two bowls and ive been stalling to smoke it cause i wanna smoke a blunt for my headache and this stuffy nose 
 im gonna make an app that delivers weed dad
 growing weed is so annoying. go to hydro store by house  they dont have nutrients i need. go to way to grow  takes 1000 years to get there.
 i will smoke a blunt with my girl uncle one day....
 who wanna smoke lol
 jus smoked a fat chode
 i dont wanna roll a blunt but i wanna smoke
 bout to smoke n eat my night away
 if i smoke this blunt im gon forget you 
 when u just wanna smoke but ur friends dont lt
 really wanna smoke some hookah 
 kinda wanna smoke  kinda dont wanna leave my bed
 at the bar crawl wanna smoke find me and itll happen
 just wanna smoke and talk shit.
 i just want to smoke a blunt and eat mexican food.
 i just wanna smoke and chill tonight . fuck a party
 i wanna smoke
 i wanna smoke 
 to go alone to a gig all the way in oakland tonite or stay home n smoke to myself
 i wanna smoke with my boo
 how u gonna sell bud  and u smoke it
 someone swoop and lets go on a smoke drive.
 someone give pay pal me money so i can get weed and not feel like im gonna die
 is it bad that i just got bad from a church function and i just smoked a blunt
 this food is so good   i want to go smoke a blunt just to finish it 
 just want to smoke a blunt on the beach.
 really just wanna lay in bed and smoke a blunt.
 dnt drink n drive ... but if u is smoke a blunt to level out
 cant wait to go home so i can smoke 
 anyone wanna smoke 
 on some real shit  i wanna smoke  chill  go in the kitchen and cook some shit with my woman amp then lay up 
 since i cant get any dick imma smoke binge watch shameless and eat candy 
 im just tryna smoke a bowl before a nap  idgaf whose birthday it is bring my damn piece amp gtfoh
 wanna smoke a j and have a burger king shake rn whats my mood
 i just wanna smoke and have sex 
 what is hilarious to me is that ucla can smoke the rest of their schedule but still only get a 3 seed in the p12 tournament
 i wanna lay back and smoke a blunt while i take my mind off things 
 loving the cold smoke a roll
 having nathans family visit is cool and all but its frustrating me now because i have the biggest fucking headache and cant smoke weed
 i been happy all day and im bout to smoke a blunt what else could a guy ask for
 i just wanna lay up amp smoke 
 dead ass ill smoke u up if u coke get the money from me and pick up the sack lmao
 so my roommates gf just facetime her mom and she was like wanna see his weed 
 lets smoke.
 im bout to smoke the rest of my night away
 i cant wait to smoke this joint once im off lmaaao
 im just trynna smoke good  eat good  and fuck good. thats about it.
 ima eat the other half of this weed brownie n get shmacked
 she just wanna smoke n fuck.
 my head is killing me rn. gonna smoke a spliff then get in my bed
 idk if this is the weed talking...but im gonna take over the world
 im not a functional smoker. 
 @clpack149 holy smokes thats a bold move.
 bout to smoke this blunt
 i just wanna smoke and talk to rose
 juss wanna smoke amp lay up 
 bout to smoke up
 i wanna go to the drive in an smoke or go grab some food  .... or both fuck it 
 just wanna smoke a blunt amp sleep tbh
 the smoke and drink makes the pain go away.
 fuck that i aint waitin on somebody to make plans wit me  finna go get some smoke and face one. been a long ass day
 be nice to have someone around rn to smoke a blunt with
 i wanna smoke but im too lazy to roll that
 like  let me smoke in peace amp go to bed
 come through to my place if you wanna smoke n chill 
 this bar back is only 18 and were about to smoke a blunt together. i love life.
 im jus tryna smoke
 imma smoke this doubie and go to sleep
 wanna smoke c
 who wanna smoke wit me
 i want my bestfriend to come spend the night so we can smoke this blunt watch a movie amp eat lol
 take a walk and smoke a blunt its a pretty nice night 
 all i wanna do is smoke a mf cigarette but ive had 4 in the last 40 days so its taking everything in me not to 
 im jus tryna smoke  anyone
 i just wanna smoke dope amp get money
 need someone who is down to smoke and cuddle 
 just smoke a blunt and chill 
 lets lay up and smoke some .
 i am a bridesmaid  i am smoking weed in a king size bed my sisters boyfriend did breakdancing in front of our whole family
 facetime me while i smoke this blunt
 that blunt i smoked earlier knocked me out and im so awake rn
 just want to smoke a blunt and cuddle
 who wants to smoke a blunt with me
 the goal is to smoke a fat l with @thekidmero once he makes this move out to bergen county... or at least a dap up at gsp
 this clusterfuck of a day made me wanna smoke crack
 hmu if you wanna have a smoke sesh right.....now
 sigh well.. im bored. so i guess ill go wake up my siblings so they can smoke this blunt w me 
 only mel and i would leave a concert to go smoke hookah 
 @rappingskrwl @hulex ho yes weed
 she wanna smoke nshxt okay 
 really wanna spark this blunt but i cant smoke until next week 
 when i get my own place i will smoke in it but not dutches or back woods  bowl packs only
 man fuck all these fake friends im gonna smoke weed am i cool yet guys am i cool
 im just trying to smoke amp go to sleep 
 before i smoke this joint 
 @chicksandicks14 super smoken hot beauty i would love to get her into my bed yummy
 i smoke 2 joints before i smoke 2 joints then i smoke 2 more
 gonna smoke this blunt til i fall asleep.
 just wanna smoke 
 bouta go to cloud 9 amp smoke hookah w teenagers fuggit lol
 courtney says hey come over and get smoke with me  im gonna be up for a while and then i show up to her house and shes passed out
 @baesoss i wanna leave. cause i cant smoke
 lets go to the top of the mountain and smoke a blunt and make out all night
 someone smoke this blunt with me thou
 i roll it up and i smoke  it all
 i cant even eat i need to smoke before my breakfast
 im gonna smoke dmt amp drink cat wine  motherfers    
 anyone up wanna smoke some blunts w me
 i just need to smoke and go to bed lol
 bout to smoke myself back to sleep
 i smoked a blunt and knocked out and now i just want donzell to wake up so i have someone to talk to
 livin in california  everybody wanna visit for the women  weed  and weather
 my pops in the kitchen making a sandwich talmbout some i mustve been dreaming bout smoking weed cuz i just woke up wit the munchies 
 all i want is to smoke a blunt rn with someone...
 i wanna smoke myself to sleep but its so cold outside 
 i wanna smoke but theyre showing my house today. i cant be that rude 
 i just wanna smoke kick my feet back and get some head
 i just wanna smoke kick my feet back and get some head
 hey ralph u gonna smoke 2 @ boise  idaho 
 i just wanna smoke wt jeva
 i swear this mf take sooo long to smoke i just wanna curve already lol
 im so tired of using weed to sleep at night.
 to smoke rn or go to sleep 
 is it acceptable to wake the weed man at 6am
 still so distraught that the nfl season of over. gonna smoke amp watch micd up amp first take episodes.
 just wanna smoke back to bed
 took a smoke break now i dont want to go back to work 
 they gonna complain about your weed 
 i just wanna smoke and record
 i just wanna smoke and fuck
 you smoke i smoke  i drink  me too  and we gon get it on tonight a new york love story
 when i got to sleep for two an a half hours and wake up and babe has a joint waiting for me to smoke with him gtgtgtgt
 let me smoke my l and eat a banana
 i keep everything neutral i just wanna smoke a leaf  
 i wasnt gonna smoke this morning but i looked at the weather and now i feel like i have to 
 these little grinders are just too much work when you smoke this much  cant wait for my @scshredderinc to come in.
 anybody want to smoke a blunt this sunday morning dm me rite now.  stpaul flow 
 im trynna drive down to the shore and smoke an l on the beach rn
 who tryna to go smoke at the  lake today lol
 just wanna relax today amp smoke some good 
 man the brownie on top of suckers might as well had smoked a blunt 
 im always down to smoke or roll sum
 who wanna smoke a blunt 
 my manager told me to go home and smoke weed because i look sad. i am on my way home
 fuck around with them fuck arounds you fuck around and get smoked
 wanna go home lay around and watch weeds all day.
 i cant even eat i need to smoke before my break
 yooo @kehlani its my dream to be able to smoke a blunt w youu and im in la where youuu at 
 just tryna smoke a blunt on the beach todayyyyyyyy
 i wanna smoke but i dont wanna face
 who trying to smoke a blunt and take a drive or just chill outside its to nice out
 talking bout shell come home from work and my sister gone have iv with weed in my arm 
 smh this why i love winter all i do is chill smoke fuck eat and play x box. lmao i always get arrested when the weather is 50 degrees plus
 who wanna smoke on me  being nice ion even fye ppl up
 anyone in flagstaff wanna get smoked out 
 all i ever wanna do is lay down watch movies eat amp smoke
 dad have you ever had the ribs i make on the smoker me no dad oh my youre gonna wanna divorce the rest of the world and stay here 4ever
 i dont know if i should get out of bed now and smoke a blunt or stay in bed and smoke a blunt later. hmmm. 
 wait youre getting an uber to get weed as we get into the uber amp drive of last night
 wait youre getting an uber to get weed as 5 of us pile into the uber amp drive of last night
 @pokemonbrux lucky. i dont even open the app at work anymore. its too distracting. i just open it when i go on a smoke break or lunch
 highkey   just wanna smoke a couple blunts w @codeinerobinson right now 
 i just wanna smoke amp vent 
 cant wait to get back to the bay amp smoke a blunt
 i just wanna go smoke outside
 i smoke a lot of weed because im sad and im sad because i smoke a lot of weed
 this the go on a smoke date and then to la michoacna type of weather 
 im tryna go on a nature walk  do some photography  and smoke blunts today whats gooood
 lets just curl up smoke a blunt and let me play with your hair
 niggas always trying to holla and fuck me hoe shut up niggas try and fuck all u trash fake decent weed smoking ass hoes.. relax
 my cousin wakes me up just so i can smoke a bowl with him
 just wanna roll up all of the bullshit and smoke away.
 left my weed at home smh. fuck
 i wanna move to the south but they weed is dirt and expensive
 gonna smoke a fat bowl  eat a huge plate of lasagna and paaaaaassss tf out
 im never gonna be on weed again 
 looks like its gonna rain today. so imma just smoke some bleezys amp chill on it. 
 lol i wonder how long itll take for someone to actually get concerned about how little i eat and how much i smoke
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 anyone want 2 smoke and get food or dutch w yours truly my mom doesnt wanna hangout w me 
 really wanna go on a trip with the homies where we just hike to the top of a lot of different shit and smoke a whole bunch of pot
 man  i just wanna smoke  but its too early.
 just gonna sit on my balcony today  smoke a facial or w.e. its beautiful
 let me get up so i can go smoke me some dope
 i fuck w smoke n tj lol
 perfect day to sit at a beach amp smoke a blunt
 @nickibiiatch @rammoossjr lets go smoke and eat
 im super annoyed  so im about to just smoke this blunt and chill.
 coi gonna smoke doodoo forever
 weather just makes me wanna lay up  and smoke gas
 anyone in cap hill wanna smoke
 the dentist told me i cant smoke for three days..   rolls blunt
 made him drive 2hrs to bring me weed and eat my ahhh and then sent him on his way  no head or none
 who wanna smoke a blunt
 i need somebody just as motivated as me  i hate to see a lazy boy that just wanna smoke all day
 fuck around get smoked
 trudeau  smokes  lets go. 
 the last thing i wanna do today is go work at smokey bones. i feel like shit and just wanna sleep
 i wanna smoke and watch shameless.
 someone smoke this young blunt wit me
 guesss who back on the rez im happy to be home   who down to smokeee
 work is gonna suck today.. i just wanna smoke n watch netflix all day
 that kind of day  come smoke one with us in this awesome weather mytupelo springstreetcigars 
 i wanna go to the park and smoke a blunt... whos down
 just wanna smoke a nice joint outside today
 ugh cant wait to smoke my hangover blunt 
 i smoke on dat pressure heavily  i walk around wit a felony.. i keep da choppa for jealousy.
 i just seen pls snaps of last night going out amp shit amp i stayed home smoked amp watch a movie amp went to sleep 
 she gon cry in the car  smokey voice 
 @enriquemenaa9 smoke me out and eat me out pls
 how you a big smoker and cant roll
 nissan sanmarcos is nowplaying blowin smoke by kaceymusgraves cubevenue
 i wanna fucking smoke
 got to eat fuel in the city amp now driving down the shore to smoke on the beach  todayisagoodday
 what happened to im not gonna drink  smoke  club etc bitch stfu
 cant wait to get off work n roll up that weed i get home 
 i wanna go to the park and just smoke and chill...
 my dad goes not even gonna lie  i smoked a few dubs when i was younger  i blazed it.
 beautiful day to go cruise and smoke a blunt
 its tooooo nice out  just make me wanna smoke
 when i buy my own house im gonna have a personal room where i smoke weed  listen to records  amp collect my thoughts.
 amp we gon smoke good
 you see i would go to dinner but im really depressed and that would require me to stop smoking weed and listening to calendar girl on loop
 cant wait till carson gets home so we can eat our chinese food and smoke blunts
 vodka  weed  and i probably ko
 if i smoke this blunt  ima forget you
 @boosienumba74 what the fuck did you smoke
 what the fuck did you smoke 
 i wanna go for a walk in the park amp smoke a blunt or 2  whos in
 all i wanna do is smoke and have a good time
 lemme take this l   listen to this music amp smoke this l later
 ready to smoke my blunt its been a long day
 i havent smoked a mild in so long but this weather make me wanna steam a nice wine mustaheem right about now
 ltpuffgt think im gonna wait to smoke up til i get to work ltpuffgt i dont like driving high
 let me smoke and eat my banana lol 
 i wanna see a cop take my weed and get on my ass casue its shitty buds hahaha
 it aint that nice to be goin to the beach and shit  this is more of a you tryna go for a walk and smoke weather
 going to work rn  but i cant wait till im off to smoke
 this is why you just smoke weeed 
 i wanna smoke a blunt n then play a game of skate
 i want to smoke a blunt outside rn 
 im annoyed as fuck. i just wanna smoke a blunt then finish my room 
 off the bomb i just wanna smoke some gas lol
 everybody fight to get to the top. but me  i just wanna smoke and chill...dig
 @cannabistu @kirklandw im only depressed when im out of weed
 bout to walk around a smoke a blunt
 all i wanna do is smoke a blunt with csi characters is that too much to ask
 as i roll this weed up....
 now smoke a blunt with me 
 i already got weed bro but in two weeks get a fresh sack
 today my chill day i dont feel like being bothered i just wanna eat crawfish  smoke and netflix lemmelone
 anyone wanna smoke 
 im bored and wanna smoke 
 roll my weed on it thats an ass tray
 its so cold in emeryville but i had to come smoke this joint on my lunch break
 like when the fuck is everybody gonna get the fuck over themselves and realize marijuana is a fuckingggggg plant like kys
 @montelwilliams go smoke a blunt. you have no clue about whats going on in the country 
 @itsfoodporn im convinced they put some marijuana in there or something if thats how they gonna advertise it
 i wanna smoke 
 think i wanna finish my bottle of wine when i get home amp smoke a blunt
 i wanna girl i can smoke with
 for everybody who i ever smoked a blunt w... ever. you owe me 2 blt 5 footlongs.. tired of matching im tryna get fat
 just tryna smoke a blunt amp eat some biscuits and gravy
 bitch u just wanna smoke till u fried
 i just wanna smoke tree amp read me books.
 and i smoke till i got chest pains
 mild headache... so to resolve this i will smoke some hookah
 the smell of cig smoke from my neighbors is lingering in and i wanna throw up
 money   weed   and bitches is what my summer 17 gonna consist of 
 ill smoke 1 blunt a week 
 whenever i dont smoke i get these huge ass headache and it makes me wanna die
 smoked in the spa shower and smoked again this spa is everything rn
 anyone wanna go hiking amp smoke a blunt
 as if my day wasnt shitty enough  i come home from work to cook dinner amp my smoke alarm goes off 
 will someone pls smoke with me i think im gonna die
 finnna po up  amp smoke dese tooka blunt 
 really just wanna go to the lake amp smoke a blunt
 jus need a girl i can lay up smoke and watch twd on sundays with thewalkingdeadseason7
 i wanna smoke some grade a weed
 @rushlimbaugh is not the voice of american conservatism. rush only has bills to pay  golf games to play and cigars to smoke before he sleeps
 all we do is smoke and fuck
 all i like to do is smoke weed and work and chill laid back relax
 the west is gonna smoke the east tonight
 someone smoke a bkunt with me
 just wanna be choked and smoked out
 ready to go home and get this workout in since i cant smoke 
 let me go ahead and smoke this doobie i pre rolled so i dont have so much of a attitude with babe gets home. 
 down to chill in bed smoke and listen to catching zs ii with someone
 @jenjenjenny98 they didnt let me lmaooo  i wish u were here bro  im trynna get high but i dont wanna smoke alone 
 i just wanna smoke some dope
 just wanna smoke a blunt or joint with some cool pp from yuma but for some reason thats harder than i thought
 fuck it. this team sucks and cigars aint gonna smoke themselves. ill be on the back porch. canes
 i cant wait to have a daughter who smokes cigarettes and swipes right on questionable men
 nobody at the pg position want smoke wit westbrook period
 i packed this bowl for two and im gonna wanna smoke it with you
 im in boston town if you wanna smoke some dmt. @blastrobyte
 wanna go smoke
 need a girl to roll my weed
 i wanna smoke a blunt  watch lala land and eat tacos
 6 different types of weed in the blunt good lort
 who trying to smoke this blunt and go for a drive
 fuck i have laryngitis and i talk so much and smoke so much im never gonna get better
 @almmaa fuck that smoke a blunt
 cant wait to smoke a blunt and watch the walking dead. weeds central at work
 toyotaofboerne is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 i wanna go smoke in the back but everyones home n we got company over
 my little sister told me she smoke and she wanna smoke wit me 
 i wanna smoke a blunt amp chill
 i cant smoke anymore if im gonna go out tonight lol
 i wanna go to the lake and smoke 
 we just gonna smoke this weed
 do someone wanna smoke a blunt or two with me some good company
 just tryna smoke   watch tv   and then go to sleep
 @katyperry @billclinton @hillaryclinton @sensanders bill did you know i smoked weed in lafayette park when you were 
 pet peeve cat hair in the weed when youre trying to load a bowl
 ready to eat some pizza and smoke. and pop in a movie.
 about to smoke a blunt with austin  cuddle  and watch thewalkingdead  sundaysaremyfav
 man everytime i see someone smoking weed i wanna get high smh
 just wanna to listen to music and smoke.
 just wanna listen to music and smoke.
 bout to kick the weed
 ready to go home and smoke me one. gotta get this shit off my mind
 i need to reup on some weed when i go to the city tomorrow
 i dont take ls   i smoke them 
 i need a solid group of 23 other girls who are chill  wanna adventure  go to concerts  hike  occasionally smoke  and watch weird films w me
 fuckkkkkkk  lets eat pizza and smoke out that nigga chuck 
 you lows tryna tryna eat this weed then go to bed and wake up blowed as fuck for school @mayorshawn
 bout to smoke till im stoned and sleepy
 all you fuckers wanna do is smoke  smoke and smoke.
 perfect weather to smoke a blunt outside rn
 anyone wanna come over and smoke and watch a movie or two
 this chick dont give 4 fucks send her ass home revengebody all she wanna do is smoke weed
 can we just smoke and fuck
 i just wanna smoke and watch movies. 
 i just wanna find a shawty who will shut the fuck up and let me cook for her while we smoke and watch heaters
 if i smoke this blunt im gon forget you
 when you hit the blunt and the smoke get all up in ya eye fuck
 im sad nobody wanna smoke w me lmao but im also in a good mood because this 
 lets stay up late and smoke a j  i wanna go back to the old way
 once i smoke this blunt boy imma forget about you 
 its goin up up up tonight newparish oakland. roll out dab bar and ganja gifts from 
 anyone tryna smoke an l or 2
 my mom needs to chill out and go smoke a cig
 if you sell marijuanadrugs  youre a lazy mother fucker. learn how to get your hands dirty and work for your shit. im so let down 
 do i want to smoke before bed 
 unless im bout to smoke lmao
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you
 i just wanna go smoke rn
 bout to smoke and go bts
 yaaaasssssssssssss cant wait for this to happen imma go live and smoke  bout 3 blunts 
 bouta smoke this blunt and go to bed. got a big test in the morning
 about to smoke a huge bowl and eat cheesecake after. fuck it
 i woke up today wanting to smoke a blunt with you hood rats 
 i just wanna smoke a few blunts w @migos
 you dont smoke. we bringin out da pressure foo.
 sooo ready to take a shower   smoke a blunt and go to sleeeep. 
 i wanna smoke a blunt while sitting at the beach by myself rn
 im just 100 stressed a little sad and i wanna smoke 
 about to smoke the rest of this l and go to bed 
 i have a blunt but no one to smoke with
 if you smoke  drink  fuck  or eat  you still gonna die. so you might as well smoke  drink  fuck  and eat all the shit you want to.
 i cant wait to smoke some oregon fire again 
 all we do is smoke and fuck
 i just wanna smoke 
 fuck round get smoked 
 go out drinking tonight or stay home and smoke a gram of rosin to the face
 im really mad as shit and i wanna smoke yo
  you wanna smoke crack sams 
 i just wanna smoke and get my lean on 
 lets drive around the lake and smoke weed and listen to the notwist
 sooooo tirrrred . ready to be home with bae and smoke a blezzy. 
 tonight is the perfect weather to smoke
 rl gotta smoke to be able to sleep
 why the fuck am i sad i need to smoke a joint.
 not even gon lie i only smoked bc i love the way music sounded when i was high 
 i wanna smoke weeeeeed
 cant wait to get home to smoke a fatty
 im really sleepy but i cant bcz i wanna smoke hookah and eat some snacks  but really i wanna sleep  and do these activities 
 im just a girl who loves food  sleep  weed and my cat
 wanna smoke but dont feeling like rolling up
 when its raining hard  i just wanna kick back  lay up  listen to music  and smoke with my significant other 
 does anyone wants to come smoke with me before the weather gets bad  
 i just wanna smoke the best trees and kick back with my homies.
 who wanna smoke  bored
 when you got weed but cant roll 
 when i didnt have money all i did was smoke n stay home i never was the type to wana go out and have niggas paying for me im a grown man
 no  but i smoke joints by myself 
 i wanna smoke a blunt rn
 i just wanna chill  smoke  drink  and fuck
 everybody wanna smoke but nobody can handle me
 she wanna smoke amp lay w a real one.
 i jusssst wanna smoke
 oh i wanna smoke before i leave tomorrow
 i let her hit my blunt now all she do is smoke. 
 lowkey wanna smoke   highkey just wanna sit here
 i think i wanna do a smoked out wing tomorrow for work 
 i just want to go home and listen to metal and smoke excessive amounts of pots hurryupmruber
 if i my i could smoke this blunt on top of your chest 
 first thing imma do when i get home is smoke 
 everyones sleeping and i wanna smoke but i hate smoking alone
 im just tryna smoke a blunt
 now i wanna smoke
 i dont smoke so there goes 1 expense lol and eat at home.
 im so bored and i cant sleep i want to smoke but i dont wanna smoke alone 
 to smoke a joint or to not smoke a joint 
 cant sleep so im gunna watch the lego batman movie and smoke this joint ive been saving i guess lmao
 changed in pajamies  cereal  heater blanket on and a j ready to smoke for bed  yesssss
 i just wanna do a fucking warm smokey eye with a long sharp ass wing im so sad
 haze smoke 44 f winds are s at 3.5 mph 3 kt. pressure 1022.0 mb humidity 83. feb 20 2017  353 am est.
 tryna smoke and eat
 bout to smoke amp ko
 fogmist smoke 43 f winds are calm. pressure 1022.5 mb humidity 89. feb 20 2017  453 am est.
 about to smoke and go back to sleep
 perfect weather to smoke me some bowls 
 yall i just randomly woke up rn so imma smoke a blunt bc why not
 all she wanna do is fuck and smoke my doja
 its not even 7 am yet but who wanna smoke an el and get breakfast lol
 im up amp all i wanna do is smoke amp watch some dragon ball z 
 so im runnin from this damn bear ion even wanna smoke bro i just wanna live so outta no where jaelon hops out and t 
 if i dont have a smoke before this train ride i think ill literally die
 @leolikethatlion when are we gonna smoke together im jealous of logic
 wanna smoke but the rain wants to ride me real hard
 ell burn the rong muther fuck it could go up on smoke
 bout 2 smoke
 i just walked into one of my pts room and caught her eating a handful of marijuana...i cant even anymore tonight. 
 i just wanna smoke 
 i just wanna smoke some fuckin weed while i work
 i wanna smoke 16 blunts today
 i just wanna kick it  smoke a blunt  and grab some lunch.
 got the day off from work today... its beautiful out  anyone wanna climb trees and smoke tree with me  
 i dont really see myself fuckin wit any other drug besides weed.. im probably gonna smoke till the day i die tbh
 how you gonna ask me to smoke then say i gotta come get you and put weed with it  nah 
 wait a min  roll up the weed
 lets smoke a blunt and go to i hop
 gonna smoke this bowl out on the porch.
 i just need someone to smoke cuddle n eat w all day 
 wake up smoke  up
 shitttt. i smoke a blunt and im good for a while  
 sheep in my birthstate. sheesh. chill out  smoke a joint  go back to work. 
 got my yard cut but i swear ion wanna weed eat it now
 i just go to work  go home  smoke a little weed and chilli naked
 i jus wanna cry   smoke   and sip . all day.
 @halfdope fuck weeds
 gonna finish my makeup after i smoke  then hit the library. the usual.
 wake up and smoke and then smoke all day pretty much
 just wanna smoke n forget about why i shed tears for you
 just gonna listen to this watsky and watch the smoke rise.
 i need something rolled and ready for me to smoke when i get home. this was the worst vacation ever bro.
 my mom said i cant smoke on my drive to her work because she thinks im gonna walk into the waco dps office smelling like dank 
 i just wanna smoke a backwood with oomf and cuddle 
 hahah this is so me when i dont roll the blunt im about to smoke ..  
 ready to go home n smoke
 i wanna wake up everyday and smoke hella weed
 i just wanna smoke weed and play ball
 its a nice day to smoke a blunt and sip henny outside
 bouta escape work study and go smoke i stg 
 who lives in avondale and wanna smoke rn 
 i wanna go home  just to get some weed though 
 i wanna smoke
 i be hiding from clint cos he wanna get me high everyday bro thats not my lifestyle lol. im not a smoker.
 i smoke a hundred blunts as soon as i wake up
 just lay w me  smoke a bowl and watch anime 
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli 
 bout to roll up my life and smoke it away
 nissan sanmarcos is nowplaying just smoke by mumfordampsons cubevenue
 i cant even eat  i need a smoke before my breakkk
 lemme just go smoke this blunt 
 i wanna get out of bed but i dont wanna wake smokey 
 i was gonna smoke some weed but then i got high
 imma smoke this other blunt too fuck youu
 all niggas wanna do is smoke 
 lets smoke a blunt and go get pho
 perfect weather for a nice smoke. w @anthropmusic   nightcrawlers canonphotos 
 cant wait to go home and smoke
 she say she wanna roll w me and smoke up all my weed i said babey you cant smoke for free .
 shout i smoke a bowl or blunt 
 im about to smoke this blunt  eat this food  and then watch spice world. im so happy
 im hungry but i like smoking before i eat .. but i dont wanna eat after i smoke cuz its gone blow my high 
 young thug makes me wanna pour a couple 40s on a hooker while i rap his verses and smoke a blunt
 stand up staffer  my newborn in your fb cover photo. bro so stand up staffer you cant steal my adderall  weed amp my life growthhacker
 i wanna smoke
 we dont even have to fuck i jus wanna smoke
 who tryna get scooped in the drop top and smoke a blunt
 this guy just came up to me and pulled a joint out of his pocket and said do you wanna smoke this w me
 im just gonna smoke about it
 and smoke a blunt 
 i love how smoke moves through the wind
 shawty you should roll w me  come over and smoke w me   fuck until we go to sleep   bet you wont get over me
 when someone asks if i wanna smoke weed 
 when someone asks me if i wanna smoke weed 
 i just wanna smoke and kick it
 boutta go home later  smoke a blunt  eat some ribs  take my man soul  amp go to sleep 
 my day always consist on work work work work work smoke
 my day always consist of work work work work work smoke
 i dont smoke cigs but i really wanna make music w one n my mouth bc when tomppa does it it looks sick
 finna go smoke and go to the park
 when my probation over im gon be smokin so much weed bruh.
 imma just snoke weed n chill today
 yummy  yummy good @ pappys smokehouse 
 startin my own business so i can smoke a blunt
 only two more hours until im off and i just cant wait to go home smoke a fat blunt and pass out. today had been roughhhhhhh
 i was so upset until i got home. smoked a blunt and said fuck it lmao. shoutout weed some of yall need it.
 today would be a nice day to smoke a blunt and walk threw the gorge 
 all i wanna do is go home  smoke  finish one of my assignments that due and go to sleep 
 the amount of self control it took to come to class amp not go home  smoke  smash on some samoas and take a nap...was a lot of self control.
 started this session at 1030...its almost 330...time to shower eat smoke and get ready for tonight
 there is a smoke detector chirping somewhere in this house and im gonna go nuclear if i dont find it soon
 who wanna go to the park and smoke. its nice as fuck out
 someone facetime me so i can roll a blunt and smoke it and not be alone while morgan is at work
 cant wait to smoke a bluntttt omm
 wen the weed
 who wanna go to the park and smoke. its nice as fuck out 
  wanna smoke
 tommy  i wanna b u when i grow up me  why tommy  you get all the girls and smoke fat   its everyones dream
 i wanna smoke a blunt on the beach tonighttttt
 smoke weed  go to school and fuck authority
 gonna smoke and wash my hair
 last blunt me n rick smoked im over here cheefin the blunt and hes like u good on that
 i wanna smoke blunts with @amrezyyy tho  
 @dayshiamarley thats why i wanna take boxing to relieve stress . cant smoke a blunt rn
 home alone  lets smoke
 gonna smoke until my 330 class get lit for communications
 lunch break  bout to smoke a joint.
 how u gon wake me out of my sleep    ask me to smooke  . . . then have no weed .   
 nigga just tryna lay up n smoke this power pack i got
 im kinda glad i cant smoke
 cant wait to get home and smoke up
 ready to go home shower smoke drink bake cookies finish shameless and enjoy my night .
 only people ill smoke with that i didnt watch roll the blunt are my cousins
 it feels so good outside. gonna hit the gym  smoke me a blunt  amp go play soccer.
 it feels so good outside. gonna hit the gym  smoke me a blunt  amp go play soccer.
 think i wanna get a drink amp smoke a blunt 
 i have a huge ass urge to smoke ...  but thats making me not wanna smoke 
 im actually rolling a blunt for the first time in awhile and i cant wait to smoke it
 cant wait to go home and smoke the joint my baby got me with a tea 
 i wanna smoke but i dont wanna roll
 need to go home and smoke some rq
 all marisa amp i did this weekend was smoke  sleep amp eat
 gonna sip wine when i get off work. smoke a cuban and eat some chocolate. maybe snuff down some fine cheeses
 @smokeybear gives a big fat f to anyone with a fire pit  bbq grill  or smoker on a wooden deck. @rhiannonally
 i wanna roll a fatty and smoke out my parents.
 i wanna hammock to stargaze while i smoke a blunt
 thats the move when i smoke lol 
 someone smoke a blunt with me. im sad.
 been tryn smoke and the lighter burnt out this morning 
 gonna smoke a cigarette and listen to new lana
  lemme smoke this blunt cause i woke up in the same mood i went to sleep in
 finish work early time to go home smoke and stuff my brain with more chemistry 
 if he gave you 10 and yall smoked one blunt thats not matching... 
 i need to get off probation so i can fuckin smoke  rt @photodave2011 @hippieoflove yummy 
 so nobody wanna smoke cool
 after ive smoked all your cigsamp drank the whole bottle that i didnt even offer to help pay for  im gonna make you drive me back at 3am
 ready to be off smoke a blunt amp eat some ice cream lol
 i knew i hit rock bottom when i had a blunt and a roach tryna smoke em together 
 i could have three bs i still aint gonna smoke no hoe down lol
 i just wanna kick it  smoke a blunt  and grab some lunch.
 shorty wanna give me a hug when this bum dude she with  walks out for a smoke....why he buying you that cheap ish anyways 
 somebody talk to me while i smoke this blunt
 if i wait on you to smoke a blunt  just know im down for you.
 ready to smoke a blunt 
 the cool stuff you find on yt of your own home town.  time lapse of sea smoke on lake superior. 
 allison just passed by me and her sing all i wana do is forget my pass and smoke a little weed the fuck
 at the park  8th grader i think im gonna skip school tomorrow so i can smoke pot. my dads the sheriff so i cant get arrested.
 now to smoke this blunt
 i cant wait to go home  smoke and take a nap 
 she just wanna smoke my drugs
 i need to smoke a fat ass wood rn 
 i cant wait to smoke a blunt with @austynbeisler and fucking squeeze her to death
 ion wanna chill with nobody ion wanna smoke with nobody
 wish i had a chill spot to go smoke when i need to clear my head
 some one go get me chopsticks so i can smoke the asian way...
 when u wanna smoke your bowls make sure u have a hemp wick to light first so you dont inhale butane ya turkey 
 i just wanna socialize and smoke but i guess thats too hard 
 im a typical ass niggah... lol.. smoke weed.. goto work.. smoke more.. eat.. play 2k.. sleep.. getyouame
 hella wish i could drive to a lake and just smoke there and chill
 yall really might be retarded. i didnt wanna take it there but holy smoke.
 almost done with this shift.. cant wait to smoke a bowl n finish writing this song when i get home 
 @yessbree how we gonna smoke in atlanta im scared. how will i make it.
 i want a half and im gonna smoke it all that weekend.
 she rolls my weed lol 
 i roll it up i smoke it all
 i so badly want to go home and smoke a bowl without having guilt from not going to the gym
 i wanna smoke so badly but with no car its hard 
 forget the telly we just go to the crib and watch a movie in the jacuzzi smoke ls while you do me
 fuck matching lets just smoke.....
 all i wanna do is roll up amp smoke on my roof.
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do 
 i wanna smoke but i got homework
 2 week weed break                 this gonna be hard as shit
 i roll it i smoke it 
 i done smoked now im sleepy ready for bed 
 i just wanna have a smoke circle like they do on that 70s show 
 im finally home longest day ever  just pass me the weed 
 sad sad news. its not everyday you hear of an od from marijuana. 
 im jus gonna smoke by myself
 im ready to smoke and chill all day w you
 not ready for all my headaches when i cant smoke
 shit. roll. smoke. sleep. ideally in that order.
 my weed louder than your girl in bed 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt wit my boo
 time to just chill and smoke a blunt
 @lawrence in a sense  squirrels are my lunch.  smokey  king of the patio
 whoever is tryna get food and smoke a blunt hmu asap
 fuck me i smoke too 
 but i have a blunt to smoke and im getting new ink tomorrow so it makes up for it
 i literally have been in my feelings all day today and i just wanna smoke a blunt and vibe out to some music preferably a boogie ion kno why
 just irritated as hell ..... i just wanna smoke
 i just wanna cuddle up and smoke this blunt babe
 im trying to smoke a fat blunt rn
 i cant wait to finish this project so i can smoke a bowl  take a hot shower amp pass tf out
 if ya wanna go amp take a ride with me  smoke a l in the back of the benzy
 i went to go smoke and forgot the bud 
 just trynna smoke a fat ass blunt and chillllll 
 low key wanna smoke but ion feel it in me fuck it roll uhhh
 when ur cannabis is ready to be harvested. weedbae 
 anyone wanna smoke out got match
 when i smoke i get so lazy  i just be wanting to chill
 i just wanna smoke and go to sleep
 i always want to smoke a blunt n cuddle.
 anyone wanna go on a late night ride and smoke a dutch 
 im gonna do my homework and finish it all falls asleep while reading wakes up and smokes weed why am i like this
 best thing for you to do is smoke a blunt and sleep it off 
 so if anybody wanna buy me some food ill smoke witchu 
 i just wanna smoke and get my back rubbed 
 i smoke joints now
 off work...shower  smoke then eat.
 cant sleep if i dont smoke 
 bouta smoke and go tf to sleep its getting past my bed time
 i wanna go to sleep but i need sum dope where the fuckin weedmans
 if you eat weed you get high  
 i just need to smoke a blunt and go to sleep
 i stg once im off probation everybody invited to the brib for a smoke sesh omm 
 this make me wanna smoke a blunt wit him n get fed mad knowledge   just look at this nigga 
 i just smoked a blunt wit yo gf 
 if i smoke this blunt  bitch im gon forget you
 i just wanna go to the beach and smoke and take a nap in the sun and maybe get in the water and then watch the sunset
 i wanna smoke.
 quick mission home on lunch to smoke a bowl or 2 or 3 lol
 can someone pls just smoke with me and eat with me lol
 n if i smoke this blunt then im gon 4get u
 all you bitches wanna do is smoke hookah and fuck the same niggas.
 i just wanna lay up and chill and smoke this summer yall got that wave pool and panama shit this year 
 next blunt i smoke gonna be held w chopsticks
 my heart hurts and i cant smoke  this is gonna be a long long two weeks
 finally off  finna go smoke a fat joint
 why does weed make you so horny
 @sillyauntie ill sleep when im dead.   im gonna do some work...and smoke.   good advice.
 i just wanna go home smoke  eat junk food and watch tv 
 i guess smokey aint gonna tag his friends in his ig pics anymore since i have no home training lol 
 kinda wanna smoke again
 rly just wanna lay up  smoke  amp have intellectual conversations..
 when you finally get to take the first hit of weed for the day after a long shift at work
 off work early  somebody smoke meowt please. 
 @jerm2323 @davist12345 when we was bout to go to bed an teresa was like yall wanna smoke another one 
 all i need is a good ass nigga to smoke this gas wit   give me a booty rub  talk  then lay back let me suck dat wood  then just dose off..
 i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck.
 i have weed and i wanna smoke and i have nothing to smoke out of omg
 @saintdeath bitch this weed go crazy i wanna save some until you get here
 ready to smoke a fatty and eat sum cake 
 @tuckercarlson anyone who starts off the interview with you by saying  im ready to get into the weeds with you tells me here we go. maga
 wanna get up amp smoke this black  but im way to lazy amp comfortable to move.
 that daiquiri had me feeling good   since ion smoke nomore i go get me a drink now 
 one day im gonna smoke a fat ass blunt wit my mom probably no time soon but one day
 @ericcaantu i am so sorry. you wanna come down and smoke a bowl
 cant wait for the day that i get to lay in bed with my soulmate and just smoke bowls until we fall asleep together
 i wanna go to the cannabis cup this year 
 lay low amp smoke a blunt or 2 
 i just wanna smoke till i cant think no more 
 baby girl just wanna smoke a pound do an ounce  get some dick tell her friends about it
 im bored i wanna smoke but im bout to go to sleep
 i wanna have a convo while i chill here and smoke this bowl. down
 cool the smoke alarm goes off at 130 in the morning 
 blunt smoked now sleep wya
 all i wanna do is smoke with you sit down have dinner with the folks with you
 take a shot. smoke a solo blunt. go to bed.
 whom wanna smoke
 cant fuck with someone who smokes cigs 
 i dont know if i wanna smoke this blunt but im thinking about it
 who wants to smoke a blunt
 baby lets just smoke a l amp talk about this come up
 i really could go for a smoke despite not.
 outta all the girls i met u da one i like the most  3 in the mornin bout to lay this verse amp smoke
 .@snoopdogg passed us his blunt but i cant smoke it 
 i wanna smoke 
 i just wanna lay up   smoke a fat blunt amp talk w my girl.
 i need a stoge but dont wanna smoke alone 
 gonna smoke a number like the american i am
 smoke smoke smoke. mutha mutha smoke smoke mutha mutha smoke. smoke some green green green. 
 i think im gonna smoke this blunt
 i just wanna smoke a bowl but no piece 
 when ever i cant go back to sleep  i smoke a bowl and have a glass of milk hahaha idk why milk
 mood to smoke this blunt 
 i go to work and come home.. oh and i smoke my weed  that is all.
 kinda wanna smoke  kinda to lazy to get up .
 usually smoke my bowl in the mornings now instead of rolling up
 just smoke amp go back to sleep 
 dont know what im doing today  but its gonna include pictures  traveling  amp weed
 free smoke so he can get back too balling 
 too tired to get up and smoke myself back to sleep. too awake to just fall back asleep...i just wanted some fuckin water bruh
 once i told my mom im gonna get rich off something weed related 1day amp if she wants my drug money she has to relax lmao she got upset
 cuddling up to grandma bc you had an anxiety attack and she just tells you to go smoke a bowl 
 i wanna smoke a blunt with @tazsangels
 i jus smoked my last blunt to realize i left my wallet at my dads house so i cant even picc up til he off work
 cant wait for ganja white night in the forest
 i wanna smoke on my roof but i know someones dumbass is gonna fall off
 got a whole blunt ready but im too tired to smoke
 plan for the day is to go home do homework smoke a b then sleep
 wake n bake  more like wake up smoke 2 blunts go bak to sleep then wake up smoke 3 blunts shit  shave  shower  and start my day 
 should i do a dab or smoke a bowl before work ...or both
 i wanna do one of those photoshoots w the little colorful smoke bombs
 cant wait to be done with classes so i can smoke lmao
 toyotaofboerne is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 im bout to smoke a blunt  what you bout to do  thingsisayaftersex
 here you go libs.. put that on your pipe and smoke it... 
 she roll it up we smoke it all 
 im so sick of seeing it.  reality really aint that bad that you need to snort smoke cook rocks. get off your lazy ass. study and work
 im pretty excited that were installing fire smoke dampers on this job  ive only worked with them once amp i wanna get more experience w them
 if you wanna come smoke then lets smoke 
 who tryn smoke
 i wanna smoke a blunt amp go to the beach
 who gonna help me smoke dis weed
 lol decided to eat edibles a few hours before bed... lol i dont smoke anymore lol.. so relaxed rn
 i just want to eat n smoke  instead im at work
 you could smoke a blunt before and bring a pre roll with you to a interview if its that serious my nigga
 thingshesayaftersex  wanna smokeroll up
 what the fuck is in your weed 
 all carl music make you want to smoke a blunt and chill its so mellow
 all i do is work come home amp smoke my life away
 wanna be somewhere in the smokeys  
 anyone wanna hang today  eat some food  some some weed
 everybody always looking for weed when im m work but let me be home 
 todays one of those days i just wanna chain smoke cigarettes  listen to lana and binge drink coffee
 gonna smoke a blunt and then get started on more packing.
 i honestly just wanna smoke until i pass out.
 i need a girl to roll the blunt to smoke with me
 you wanna smoke  thingsisayaftersex
 wanna smoke 
 i use to be impatient to get out of work to go smoke now im impatient to go hike 
 i smoke away reality everyday when i get home 
 put your location on bruh i jus wanna smoke a blunt  
 they just wanna smoke my weed
 i wanna travel the world an eat good food  read a few books  smoke some good weed
 yall eat meat and smoke and drink. prolly gon have kids an get married. then the water is tainted. the food is poi 
 i wanna make that...minus the weed part.
 @fairycherries im on probation cant smoke but ok
 @cherublamusica r we gonna smoke that blunt errr
 @allfactsb are u gonna smoke me out and give me lunch money
 let be real all i wanna do is listen to the maine and smoke a fatty on the beach
 i just want my weed amp nigga wanna chill  no
 why do i let people fuck up my day. breath  smoke a blunt and relax. waiting for my princess to awake 
 what we supposed to do with all his friends around smoking weed  hed never wanna leave the house  got an empty cushion on that sofa now
 @t0bybryant it honestly sounds so lit over there bro i would get hella dabs and good weed out there too
 on avg  the girls theyre with arent as hot. put a smokeshow in bed and lets see how the big dogs do. fakenews 
 i love waking up @ home  turn on some investigation discovery  smoke a bowl in bed.. whats better than that 
 thingsisayaftersex where the weed at
 at home drinking air and eating water  wanna match or hang or smoke or talk shit about hoes w me 
 im shaky  nervous sad  and scared af i need to smoke a blunt.
 grab the draco and smoke his ass 
 down to smoke and lay in bed all day
 wanna smoke  thingsisayaftersex
 @babyjayde you wanna smoke drink go get ice cream
 im about to sesh so if anybody wanna smoke cone thru
 donald trump makes me wanna smoke crack  go to canada and never come back
 geeking to smoke 
 wake up smoke up
 i wanna get home already n smoke a blunt n then play some call of duty 
 i just wanna smoke eat and chill  not tryna stress at all today.
 thingsisayaftersex thank you smoke time
 the only thing keeping me from smoking weed is that i dont wanna get out of bed
 forgot to turn off my alarm for my day off... better go get a twofer and some smoke since i cant sleep
 i hate weed with everything in me.. wanna know why no reason at all.
 when i re up niggas dont be nowhere to be found but soon as i smoke my last blunt everybody wanna match 
 @drugcaat @amanduhstheshit love you too mayne wanna smoke and get some breakfast
 woke up amp found some  .. who wants to smoke before i go into work 
 can i smoke a fat blunt alreadyyyyyy
 i just want to sleep  cry  drink 2 bottles of wine amp smoke 4 blunts
 i want gonna get a marijuana leaf ring made outta emeralds and gold.
 who wanna smoke
 i aint gon lie. i smoke weed cause i be stressed the fuck out.
 such a pretty day to smoke a blunt at the park and feed the ducks
 all i do is wake up smoke  eat go to work  come home go to sleep. then do it again
 the best feeling is to smoke a nice bowl of some bomb weed in the afternoon
 gonna smoke a joint. join me. wont you
 lets smoke thingsisayaftersex
 i wanted to sit somewhere nice and smoke a blunt w someone but im prolly just gonna go by myself n thats ok
 i said derrick we should do it together he said fuck or smoke i said both 
 @isaiahboughton8 im just gonna pass it back to you cause you the only one i smoke with really  
 mf wanna ride to smoke wit no gas money
 mf got sacks of weed wit no rellos
 off today   and i just wanna go to the park smoke amp relax my mind 
 good weather makes me wanna smoke and be outside allll day
 it really bms that sandy cant smoke because shes who i wanna chill with whenever im fried
 i wanna smoke 
 im tryna smoke a blunt lol 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt
 after my wedding my husband amp i are gonna duck off to go smoke a blunt before the reception lmao its a must
 who tryna chill amp smoke a blunt 
 i need a lil cutie to come smoke w me when i get home tonight amp watch movies
 at my funeral everyone watch narcos and smoke fat ass blunts
 today is too perfect of a day to not go home and smoke a blunt w my baby outside @whatadawson
 cant smoke no blunt with you if you cant control your saliva  wetting the blunt n shit 
 when u advertise weed in all aspects reason y most love mine cuz wanna b where im at im more metal n my arm still left hangin after surg
 i read the caption and pictured kittens tryna smoke a bowl 
 wanna smoke a blunt 
 just wanna cuddle in bed all day eating warm cookies and milk  smoke a joint... too much to ask
 when i ask u if u wanna smoke clearly means come smoke with me shit  guess ill face when i get off
 just wanna go home and smoke my self stupid until i fall asleep
 she say she wanna chill with me and smoke up all my weed 
 last night i grinded up some weed for a bowl and i would get like 3 bowls out of this and as soon as i get to my last bowl my pup comes.....
 roll me up and smoke me when i die
 niggas who smoke crack wanna be scientist 
 who trynna chill and smoke a blunt 
 get money fuck hoes smoke hella loud  no relation i dont even wanna wife now
 somebody come smoke me and ashley up at on blunt rn. were too lazy to move.
 no more rain come in to see us. renew or get a new cannabis card today convenient parking in the back.
 and if i smoke this blunt then im gon forget you
 just wanna get out of this airport and smoke some weed
 kinda wanna go to the gym... kinda need skinny friends cause all mine like to do is smoke weed eat random shit.
 not gonna have time to smoke at all
 i just wanna smoke and vibe 
 my uber is 10 minutes away from my job. like im tryna go home smoke a blunt and get some rest.
 back at home at 9 smoke sumn...
 fuck around and get smoked 
 kinda wanna go to the gym... kinda need skinny friends cause all mine like to do is smoke weed amp eat random shit. 
 anyone heard from @birdi i ordered my smoke detectors from them in june 2016 and still cant get a reply on delivery timeline
 i just wanna sit outside n smoke a joint  why is everyone dry
 drizzy coming with that heat more life gonna be straight smoke
 i just wanna be laid up n smoke a fat blunt with someone 
 bout to roll this weed
 dont know if i wanna smoke again or not 
 bout to smoke eat n slump
 bouta smoke and take a bath so i can go to sleep
 bruh i want dominoes pizza also wanna smoke also wanna go get a haircut lol
 pee drink eat sleep smoke a cigarette go to school repeat
 just gonna sip this bottle of jack  smoke some bowls  and water paint. life is good  life is great. 
 damn now the weed wanna hit me
 i jus wanna smoke i got an attitude
 i cant wait to smoke a fatty w my boo after this class
 current smoke session vibes 
 wanna smoke some more of this bomb ass kush
 gotta blunt ready if anyone wants to smoke 
 should i go drown myself in wine  weed smoke
 i just wanna smoke my weed
 this blunt im about to smoke its about to be so love
 dont ever ask me or tell me lets smoke a wood its not gonna happen.
 bout to be throwed off these narcotics for my wisdom teeth lol. also im tryna trade some for an edible because i cant smoke help
 anyone in utah want to smoke a blunt
 this process makes me never wanna smoke a mild again 
 we literally got this big juicy blunt n no one wanna smoke lmao yall lame
 bout to smoke this blunt a go right to sleep
 when you go to the beach to buy weed 
 let me go smoke my laced weed before i really get on tip
 so she can roll my weed up  
 i literally wanna get home  smoke a fat ass blunt  and cuddle allllllll night on my girlfriend. i just wanna be under her and das it.
 i wanna smoke on the beach rn
 i just wanna be off already so i can smoke a fat asss blunt. 
 in the mood to smoke a blunt
 one of my biggest fears is to go check in at the airport and forget the jar of weed in my purse
 @thattejhie hi  im out of work at 130 on saturday  come over and smoke a joint with me
 i wanna lay up and smoke some gas wit a baddie
 ready to smoke a blunt
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 cant wait to get outta class so i can smoke and then eat with my bf 
 whenever i get a gurl thts gon b a lucky chick cuz she gon have dumb smoke outs
 and you broke n wanna smoke 
 bout to jus smoke amp relax 
 i dont think anyone would enjoy living with me  all imma wanna do when i get my apartment is work  sleep   smoke  and drink all the time
 im really sad i cant smoke till i get a full time job 
 im in that mood where all i wanna do is smoke a fatty with jasmine and listen to anti
 i wanna smoke
 he just bought his weed he let me wrap it
 i cannot wait to wake up tomorrow  smoke  and get this full body massage 
 i miss smoking weed but i cant go back to that shit
 legit not in the mood to do anything besides sleep and maybe smoke a fat ass blunt. 
 i have the worst headache  all i wanna do is get home and smoke a fat ass blunt 
 outta work smoke ls
 fuck waiting for work to be over ima smoke my blunt rn 
 medical marijuana stocks are at 13 right now incase anyone wants a potential gold mine
 me when looking for a roommate them tell me about yourself  me im gonna be honest i smoke a lot of weed
 im going to cry i just smoked and im home alone and the power went out im gonna cry help me
 wanna smoke a blunt  
 whats the moves someone make a late night move with me pls tffff ill invite yall to eat smoke wassuhhh
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 wanna get me involved youre getting q involved too and honey  i promise you dont want that smoke.
 just wanna have a smoke sesh and watch netflix
 clevelands biggest sandwich beat me earlier for lunch.. i didnt smoke though.. so lets try this bellybuster pizza 
 anyone wanna cruise and smoke a blunt 
 im gonna die of second hand smoke
 @courtneebianca was u serious about going to that buffet if so i definitely wanna go next month and smoke b4
 ready to go home and smoke these blunts 
 cant wait to smoke this blunt
 when you wanna smoke but dont wanna roll 
 mood i wanna lay in bed next to you and smoke a blunt
 i stay to myself  smoke my greenz and chill
 do i wanna smoke or save it 
 i wanna smoke but no one to smoke with
 i wanna smoke 
 itd be so nice to smoke a blunt in bed rn
 i roll it up and i smoke it all 
 plotting some major moves in the marijuana industry right now .
 i wanna smoke but i only have one shell left amp i dont wanna go to the store tn
 i just wanna smoke and get some chick fil a
 kara need to come smoke this last blunt with me
 im so irritated i just wanna smoke
 half wanna just smoke half wanna wait
 i just wanna sit outside and smoke hella blunts with someone honestly
 all i wanna do is get high and my fucking weed decides to fall in the sink night cant get any fucking worse
 i wanna smoke til my face goes numb
 im gonna finesse his weed  lmao bitch im dead  dont try to bring me back 
 lowkey wanna smoke until i die
 everyone wanna be the plug but no one got the smoke 
 when all you wanna do is kick back amp smoke but you dry af
 i wanna smoke my brain out and listen to some good ass music...
 wanna go smoke  sorry the gay train passed my house already
 pressure on my chest feeling depressed cause ion know whats next god telling me to confess but if i smoke this pressure all pain gone reset
 someone come pick me up   lets take a drive  smoke a blunt or two .
 i smoke a lot of weed man a lot of fuckin weeed
 .phina smoke one more ampamp go too bed 
 my mood is that one vine of the girl crawling all over the floor crying bc she wants to smoke weed
 i just wanna sex smoke and vibe 
 if you male and smoke hookah you highkey wanna be a thot
 idk if i want to go to the races or go smoke or do both
 im bouta go home smoke this blunt  and take me a shower before bed.  ahna boy stfu you aint bouta smoke shit
 hahahaha i rly just spent an hour trynna change my flight home to tomorrow cuz theres a show i wanna go to tn n more dope to be smoked 
 this aint no friday ...pullup like worm...pullup and smoke me a nigga 
 i just had to ask someone what matching is. their profile says anyone just wanna match. apparently its smoking weed. who knew
 nobody wanna see yo ugly ass smoke all day on snapchat with them bum ass filters
 someone smoke meowt
 wanna smoke yea  gets to session ian got no weed  fuck outta here
 that just means hes gonna smoke weed with them in the offseason 
 kinda wanna smoke. kinda just wanna take my ass to sleep. but i cant. so..
 fuck wit him   havent chilled w him in a min but we should smoke one  
 just wanna smoke a doobie and put this on repeat 
 lemme smoke this blunt amp take my ass to sleep before i start snappin .
 really wanna smoke 7 blunts rn lol its been a min
 anybody wanna smoke with me when i get off work. i get off at 3
 i wanna go smoke but i hellllaaa dont wanna drive fuck
 i used these to smoke my bud out of back in the day 
 she wanna smoke all my reefer
 i was about to go outside to smoke but my mom went outside to smoke so im gonna wait until shes back inside
 shower  smoke  eat  sleep
 just met my new neighbors and i already smoked him out  this is gonna be fun
 my grandmom need to go to sleep so i can smoke this weed
 if i smoke this blunt ill forget you.
 if you cant roll  dont smoke
 i wanna sit on his lap and smoke w him all night 
 i wanna get smoked with a friend .... whos down
 say she wanna roll w me and smoke up all my weed
 i wanna smoke some weed right now immediately
 wanna smoke and cuddle
 moeee why we in here listening to music n dancing.. indy gon open the door n say come to the party happy birthday smoke dyinnnn
 the weed bs amp they lost money to me  they should go home amp try again tomorrow 
 @rockypatelcigar great ride home from work smoke cigarlife 
 i jus wanna smoke bud
 both. smoke then sleep. 
 do i wna smoke b4 bed...........
 wish oomf was here to lay up  smoke  amp watch tv high af with me
 they wanna label me a criminal cause i smoke medicinal..
 if she aint pretty she cant ride with me. if she aint got ass ion wanna smash. weed so good ion wanna pass it
 i wanna smoke i wanna cup of coffee i wanna drop out i wanna quit my job but nooooooo
 all i wanna do is drink wine  smoke n paint and why is it so hard to find people who wanna do the same
 i just wanna smoke tree  only wanna be me 
 should i smoke this blunt 
 wanna smoke 
 im up   so i smoke a blunt
 .@theexpendables and iyii am gonna wanna smoke it with you 
 so who wants to come smoke this l with me before i go to bed
 want someone to smoke then cuddle with at night.
 holla fuck the world w my chest full of smoke 
 some of my joints be tight  some of my joints fucked up but all my joints goin to smoke so gs gon get highed up
 waiting for my nieces to ko so i can smoke my ass to sleep
 i just wanna smoke somethin amp forget about the world amp everyone in it for minute.
 when you already high and chilling and someone ask if you wanna smoke 
 its crazy that beyonc cant just smoke a bowl at home  get high af and drive to whataburger.
 today i stood infront of a crowd n said i will not smoke weed and i am now sober and everyone clapped  than went home and smoked a fat blunt
 i just wanna work out and smoke cigars everywhere i go...like @ochocinco
 so tempted to go smoke rn but my bed its too comfortable i wish i could smoke in my room 
 get me a nice  bowl yea i should smoke again
 wanna smoke again ... dnt feel lik rolling
 im really trying to smoke a blunt but no on hit me back up
 im in so much pain and i cant sleep and i have no marijuana
 just trying to smoke with someone so i can go to sleep after
 fat girls that smoke gtgtgtgtgtgtgt
 i woke up to smoke a l and i just realized i have work in a few hours lol
 when i get off probation i gotta smoke some moonrock first
 since i quit smoking weed my day is going to consist of coffee  cigs  novelas and sleep lol
 up this early debating if i should smoke this last cig amp go for a run or just go back to sleep 
 plans after work  smoke an l and nap 
 ion go no where i cant smoke  thats why i stop going to family functions 8 years ago 
 nissan sanmarcos is nowplaying blowin smoke by kaceymusgraves cubevenue
 i wanna lay up amp smoke a blunt or 4
 i gotta roll this weed amp head to work.
 bout to jus stay up n smoke dope
 wake up smoke up
 she just wanna smoke n fuck i say girl thats all we do
 ill smoke a blunt and forget about you.
 me n reid really smoke. we got vet lungs 
 i wanna smoke sum
 ion wanna drink babyyyy i just wanna smoke
 she just wanna smoke some trees
 stop lying. your ass wanna smoke @mishaworld83109
 i have weird dreams alllllll night if i do a dab before bed but if i just smoke weed i sleep sound as fuck
 nothing pushes me to get ready quicker than when i wake up late for work but im still trying to smoke a bowl before i go in
 bouta smoke a blunt and go
 perfect day to stay in bed  smoke  and eat.
 this bitch wanna smoke all my weed
 cause ima cut you off quicker than i met you ima swipe your name up off my schedule and if smoke this blunt girl 
 waking up is a blessing amp lifes a bitch so fuck it you better have protection smoke a blunt amp observe ...
 all bc i wanted to smoke and sleep
 me wanna match friend i dont have any weed  wanna smoke me out  me 
 sleepy gonna smoke  then naptime.
 like  whats next  whats that  whats up i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 i do not wanna break this 50 for  no weed lol
 want to smoke that blunt
 toyotaofboerne is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 i just wanna smoke amp go to a cute museum.
 who wants to smoke and go get food its on me. dm me.
 ive been tryna take a break from smoking amp clear my systems so i gave my gf alllll of our weed amp im super sad rn like i wanna wake n bake 
 do not smoke willie nelson if youre tryna go to sleep dumb ass. 
 so im just gonna smoke this joint amp pretend that college isnt kicking my ass 20 different fucking ways
 when the weed smell so good n u so hungry so you eat a bud
 dt if u not ingoing to school and wanna smoke
 i cant wait to smoke with gaby and catch up 
 can come get you everyday to jus ride and smoke allday but when its time to take you to a job interview or sumn they cant do it
 almost make a nigga not wanna smoke
 what uk bout chino smoke camp lol 
 its a perfect day to smoke a blunt amp i cant 
 not even go smoke rn..... im hella irritated so its gonna get ruined.... whats the point 
 only person i wanna talk to today is my weed man
 theres smoke in my backyard  
 used to have to walk around the block to smoke now i dont leave the bed
 theres smoke in my backyard  
 .. give the muddy dogs a haircut and a bath  make more beds for the potager garden  pull weeds  go to home depot for supplies  or....
 im so slow today sleepy just want to smoke and go sleep.
 the fact that a girl in my class asked me if weed gives u a headache 
 amp smoke a morning blunt  
 yall really couldnt wait to get home to smoke 
 wanna smoke
 just gonna listen to a snailedit mix and smoke a bleezy hopefully everything will be chill
 somebody who wanna ride and smoke at 2 am wya 
 i wanna  smoke
 holla fuck the world w my chest full of smoke
 also dont fav my tweets to smoke if u dont actually wanna smoke w me bc it gets my hopes up 
 just wanna count on all my money and smoke hella weed today
 you really gon make me face the rest of this weed by myself   yup  what if i get you lunch too  me 
 id love to go to city park and smoke weed to childish gambino awaken  my love rn
 damn whens boston gonna start selling that legal weed for recreation aye said it was 2018..wait or 2017 summer. i 
 i dont wanna smoke with you  your money too funny amp i dont wanna joke with you
 i get in these streets early before all the bad drivers wake up. come home and smoke my dank
 im not gonna be able to smoke from may to mid august 
 really wish i wasnt working a double today but being able to buy all the weed i want in denver is gonna be so worth it 
 i just smoked a blunt w your gf
 now i wish i had a babe so i can fuck when i get off n smoke a blunt with da struggle
 yuh imma smoke this blunt n think bout fuckin you
 go outside and smoke a blunt. you deserve it.
 for real just wanna smoke blunt after blunt on some shit today 
 sxsw 2017 cannabis in the event world sxsw cannabis  via @sxsw
 someone lets smoke a blunt amp go get our nails done
 @andreaaswan so tell him to smoke a wood where he at im at sunset and vine
 im trying to get high with all my friends before march 3rdmy birthday  so hmu if u wanna smoke with yall boy before this year probation
 perfect smoke a blunt at the beach weather 
 its one of those days that makes you wanna drink and smoke and go to bed
 never too early to think about your yard. take care of your garden with potting mix amp get rid of pesky weeds. 
 im hungry amp wanna smoke 
 @thinkprogress thats not how marijuana works
 this is what i do. go to class   do homework    smoke   watching movies or get on the phone   sleep and 
 my manager just told me her husband is gonna text me this weekend so we can smoke   they know me so well already lol
 i just wanna smoke
 kinda wanna smoke a blunt kinda wanna smoke my hookah 
 wanna smoke
 today is so perfect to go on a nature trail walk and smoke a blunt 
 wanna smoke 
 such a beautiful day to sit outside and smoke a blunt
 i wanna smoke 
 makemydayeasierby smoke this blunt with me
 hate wen people ask u got a blunt but they need weed
 im 4 months pregnant. this is nothing new. so im gonna need you niggas to stop hitting me up  asking me if i smoke
 fmt if you wanna come smoke and swim 
 and my older sister too there my girls and i love them to death but i wanna bond and smoke a blunt 
 yall my granny seen i was upset right so she pulled me in her lap talking about wanna smoke a joint 
 i wanna smoke but wife wanna go get margaritas 
 this is why i shouldnt smoke fuck lmao
 who wanna smoke
 anyone out there wanna smoke weed weed marijuana 420 losangeles 
 i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck.
 i jus wanna smoke amp lay witcha
 one of the most therapeutic things for me is to smoke a blunt downtown  throw in some headphones amp go for a walk.... i guess im in therapy.
 i cant wait to smoke it all whole eighth no marlboro
 out of school n not trying to go home  who wants to go by the beach sip a brew n smoke a joint hmu
 my professor is going on about an experiment using weed and now i just wanna smoke 
 lmao wizards gonna smoke the celtics.
 all i need is somebody whos fly who wanna smoke these tress down for doing acid
 i need a standard vehicle so i can smoke my blunt while driving  fuck all that stick shit
 wanna smoke about it 
 wanna smoke 
 is there gonna be weed uh hello
 cute texts from bae come smoke this joint first before you go to work
 fuck   smoke   fuck amp sleep 
 i dropped some weed in the grass and karli and taylor literally dove on the ground to get it
 i just wanna sex smoke and vibe  
 but ive also been listening to xxxtentacion  look at me cant wait to paint and smoke a well deserved blunt.
 roll this weed up once im home.. 
 on my smoke break  and dont wanna go back in lol 
 im really abouta go smoke rn
 who ever said 20 min naps are the best for you smokes fuckin crack
 @graceyyybabyyy oh wait coffee and weed also
 ima take my ass home and smoke now
 i just wanna smoke   get some food amp go to the drive in
 i just wanna be home already and smoke my weed
 i can roll my own weed
 just wanna smoke rn
 skrt by kodack is a song u can smoke to but fuck kodack
 so do you smoke more then you sleep
 when the weed man bullshittin. it makes me wanna rob them. luckily ive changed my life
 all @bellamuertex and i do is take naps and smoke
 and smoke a blunt w me. thanks.
 so i told myself i cant smoke this blunt untill i do 100 squats 
 wanna smoke  smash  and cuddle allllll night long w my boyfriend
 grow w. me  go broke you go broke w. me  i smoke you gon smoke w. me
 bihhh jus woke up he looking for sumn to smoke 
 theyre not gonna stop selling weed without a way to replace the money theyre making...
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and relax lol 
 just gonna sit here amp smoke my capone amp not gaf about anyone or anybody
 @dougplagens im just getting home from 2 days in the smokey mtns national park.tuning in from sc. lets go @flapanthers
 i never wanna see weed until these 15 months over with
 i wanna smoke but i cant 
 fuck feelings just smoke a blunt
 im selfish i rarely have friends i smoke weed im lazy but still go to work i curve niggas and give the lucky ones play 
 just wanna smoke with @the1975  just chill
 wanna smoke a blunt nah man im good thanks though its got antioxidants.. ill be right there
 i just wanna drive around n chain smoke sum blunts w somebody
 work   home   smoke   sleep 
 just smoked a blunt of trainwreck 
 might just smoke me a fat ass personal g
 ima go smoke a blunt at the lookout
 anyone smoke do something slow and not active cant stay in bed anymore ill buy
 im jusss tryna smoke this blunt
 no body to smoke with l
 zacks gonna smoke me out on my break 
 i need to smoke a fat ass blunt and my night will be just peachy 
 just wanna smoke and be cuddled up
 fuck it  ima smoke this joint
 the weed strain girl scout cookie derived from what flavor girl scout cookie 
 wanna learn what it takes to be a marijuana growop pro  let me help you purchase a property 
 no stems no seeds no smoke
 fuck around wit dem fuck arounds and u fuck around n get smoked
 yo @eiramaydni. im back home for a week. lets smoke
 my fat ass will smoke .. go grab some eats n save half of it for after i smoke again 
 tryna decide if i should stay in and smoke or go out drink and be uh hoe tonight 
 whos in windham tryna smoke a blunt 
 cant wait to get home a smokeeeeeeeeee
 @melissahhh76 dont worry you got this ls pour some shots amp smoke ur blunt when u kick everythings ass 
 wanna smoke by my throat is fucking killing me help
 cant wait to get out of here so i can smoke and forget
 i just wanna smoke some
 i wanna smoke 
 i jus wanna smoke some dro amp draw some flowers . 
 now time for me to kicc bacc wit my feet up n smoke this joint
 srsly wanna drop out of school to go be go go dancer and work at a weed dispensary somewhere n o t  h e r e
 srsly wanna drop out of school to go be a go go boy and work at a weed dispensary somewhere n o t  h e r e
 but wait till i smoke this j... 
 hoes always wanna roll somebody weed
 i just wanna smoke a blunt
 tryna lay in bed and smoke all day wbaby
 wasnt gonna smoke today cuz i wanted to go to the gym  then found out my mom wasnt gonna let me  now im gonna go and hit chops pre  ride
 lets smoke and get some food
 when bae dont smoke but has one of his friend roll a blunt for you so you can smoke on the way home from work 
 when he pulls up to valet with the blunt rolled already for you to smoke on the way home from work 
 my coworkers wanna be fake and go smoke without me on saturday like hello im gonna be here
 have u ever been outta weed so u bust up stems amp take a toke of it  crystal and fucking die and cry and puke... ya me neither 
 i wanna know where my cat gets her weed.... 
 ion fw nobody. i go to school   come home   smoke amp sleep so wtf
 lol smoke  eat  sleep. soon come.
 all ya big ass wanna do is smoke aa eat 
 i wanna smoke
 i got smoke kush smoke a lot girl  do you wanna get involved with me
 not gonna smoke weed the next 2 days lesgeddit
 .i got a headache im tryna smoke
 i just wanna smoke weed and count commas
 okay so who here is gonna give me some weed and a beautiful pipe 
 i just wanna smoke and be happy and not sick.
 i need someone who will smoke a blunt in the bath with me
 sometimes i just need a getaway... @ hempstead lake state park 
 only smoked one blunt
 i  just want to smoke a blunt in peace
 ima smoke this blunt amp  forget how lonely i am
 when you hit the blunt and the weeed wasnt really weed so in your head you wondering what the fuck was in it 
 i slick wanna smoke 
 to smoke or not to smoke a cig before bed 
 just wanna use a soft ass booty and smoke weed while im playing the game. 
 just wanna use a soft ass booty as a pillow and smoke weed and play the game 
 wake up  smoke  go back to sleep. 
 lol but my lil nigga wanna smoke
 i gotta smoke before i go to sleep  i cant sleep right without it
 im gonna chain smoke arent i
 all we do is smoke amp fuck
 im just trynna smoke a blunt and knock the fuck out after this shift 
 work in the morning 88 so im going to nap and smoke this weed i just rolled up when i wake up in between time 
 she said she wana roll w me and smoke up all my weed 
 about to smoke again amp eat again
 what alexis does after she smokes a blunt  
 gonna smoke a few blunts when i get home
 the amount of weed im about to smoke when i get home should be illegal
 i only smoke to listen to music and eat tbh
 we finna come smoke a blunt with you 
 and if i smoke this blunt  girl  im gon forget you 
 i want nothing more then to smoke a blunt and go to sleep
 to smoke a blunt or to smoke an unusually large blunt is usually the question
 dexter what i wanna smoke a fucking fat ass wood wit @famousdex 
 cant even smoke a blunt in peace anymore.
 cant wait to get off and smoke this pressure to ease my mind 
 i just wanna smoke and eat thin mints lol
 if all you do on snapchat is smoke im gonna unfriend you so fast lol
 fuck all i do is get too high and take weed naps
 i wanna nigga i can smoke with everyday rs 
 everybody wanna snap me come smoke when im home now 
 fuck yall ill smoke alone then 
 im supposed to work tonight amp im already getting lazier amp lazier w weed n faustos 
 i just wanna smoke my weed n b at peace
 you can tell the truth  ima tell it too. we gon smoke this weed until they kick us out the room.
 food maybe a female smoke sleep
 your really gonna  smoke  while im sitting right here
 youre really gonna smoke while im siting here... rude 
 i just wanna smoke a wood and slumpp
 let me smoke so i can take my ass to sleep 
 if a stoner ever says theyll smoke you out  do it. theyre using their shit with you  and youre both gonna get high.
 i just wanna smoke some kill  with a girl who down to chill  listen to some tyler or just watch acouple films 
 i need to smoke this blunt so i can go to sleep
 waiting till before bed to smoke is amazing
 i got a white screen amp projector in my backyard   i wanna put on some naruto and smoke 
 itd be cool to have one of those we makeout every now and then but mostly cuddle and smoke weed type of people but this is real life 
 so now we smoke joints in the club drink champagne and talk about love
 i wanna just smoke n get food rn
 we are proud to support project22  an effort to educate vets on treating ptsd with cannabis. visit 
 i shoulda got a ride in the morning so i could smoke 
 my niece told me im gonna get cancer and die from smoking weed
 i wanna smoke ls and take naps in ya lap
 whos got some weed i wanna buy some
 idk if i wanna smoke rn or wait til the morning
 just gonna smoke a cigarette and try to go back to sleep
 gonna smoke outta my already broke bong .
 sleep or smoke
 anybody down to smoke a blunt rn ill pick you up 
 we really can stay home  ill cook  we smoke and then fuck each others brains out. 
 lemme smoke and go to sleep
 cant wait to go home amp smoke a fat blunt
 on break bout to smoke a blunt 
 ryan literally sleeps  smoke   smokes  make money   sleeps amp hang out w his bfs 
 damn it... i went to go smoke a bowl trying to go to sleep but now i just wanna talk 
 i really wanna go outside and smoke but its too fuckin cold
 just wanna lay  smoke and play the sims all day
 i hate doing shit on my off days. lol just wanna play 2k and smoke
 its about to be beautiful outside. i cant wait to get out at 230 and smoke blunts in the sunshine 
 who the fuck smokes weed 8 in the morning
 cannnt fuckin waiiit to smoke a bleez after schoo 
 wanted to smoke with baby   but he sleep ..
 if i ever die amp yall wanna do something for my birthday.. just have a big ass smoke back
 but ima smoke this blunt and work on this project for school  tss stay focused nene
 i wanna talk about it but i dont wanna cry sooo imma smoke instead.
 damn i wanna smoke this nice morning but i really gotta go to class amp finish up my work 
 weed so good ion wanna past it all i smoke is killa
 smh i cant eat before i smoke no matter how hungry i am i hate this shit
 honestly dont care what you do i just dont wanna smell the weed on you. why are you doing that before class
 these bitches just wanna smoke up all my weeed
 if you never smoked a roach blunt dont be talkin to me bout the struggle
 i wanna have a karmaneevans lol i dont want her lol i just wanna smoke lol she just woke up lol i got her baby gir 
 let me get ready for class. clearly im not getting no weed this morning.
 i really wanna smoke but cant 
 holla fuck the world w a chest full of smoke 
 bout to watch isaac get sentenced 16 years. fuck marin county police department fuck this judge. really tryna smoke up after hmu
 or smoke a blunt 
 take a dab of the rosin amp i tumble like weed
 anyone wanna tan and smoke today
 definitely gonna smoke. should i get cute possibly. probably will  too vain to not. maybe play some ow watch anime idk yet
 its so beautiful out i just wanna go to the park and smoke and write and doodle and have some me time
 smoking weed is much nicer when you dont have to leave your bed
 such nice weather. i wanna go sit in the grass and smoke a fat blunt with a good book. but i dont have weed or a good book or time. 
 might fuck around and smoke weed today.
 i just wanna smoke weed   fuck the bitches . they only come around you when you rollin up swishers . cmon bruh
 ima smoke a fat ass blunt today 
 woke upon a bad mood  but gonna smoke a few bowls to forget about it
 @jojowrangler @abstrctasshole wanna smoke
 we gonna smoke cus you need it yes baby i do 
 i wanna go to a park or nature walk n smoke some weeeeed 
 i just wanna smoke
 cant wait to smoke today is kicking my ass
 came outside to smoke blunt... bc the weather is nice. but its lowkey hot asf 
 came outside to smoke a blunt... bc the weather is nice. but its lowkey hot asf 
 someone go to smokehouse with me tmmrw morning
 naw eo girls def smoke more milds than girls in newark
 game n smoke gallery ... today at 3pm im bout to roast the @nintendoamerica switch ..   only on @indiegrinddash 12 
 can i be off so i can go home amp smoke w babe before he go to work and clean
 i aint smoke no weed in about 45 months now. i dont think im gonna ever smoke again unless i go vacation in balifornia
 aboutaa get out this bed and smoke a blunt 
 i just want a friend who truly has my best interest at heart  amp whos down to go for walks amp just talk amp smoke amp enjoy the fucking weather.
 the janitorial staff for the stache better be ready with some mops tonight bc ganjas gonna melt all of our faces off
 anyone wanna hang out today  maybe smoke up go for a walk enjoyy the sunn
 its so fucking nice out today  might just go smoke a joint at the lakes and walk the beach 
 na we not bashing weed smokers 
 should i smoke now or on my way home 
 ima smoke where i wanna smoke  ima choke who i wanna choke  ima ride where i wanna ride 
 how the fuck can someone ruin my day this early holy smokes
 we cant go around encouraging homeless men to smoke pcp in our restrooms
 and my day just got better bc my coworker said shes bout to smoke a blunt w me after work
 who wants to smoke a blunt
 i am about to go smoke on my break fuck this ....
 havent smoked in 7 days  my tolerance is gonna be nonexistant when i get back to ny
 about to smoke a celebratory wood and and take a celebratory nap
 what a great day to ride and smoke
 i just wanna smoke and write poetry today so  that.
 they aint really with a nigga  they just wanna smoke my weed they just wanna take a picture  they just wanna drink my lean
 while you catch them feelings imma smoke on this blunt
 after work imma go home smoke a bowl and indulge myself in many glasses of wine and kitty snuggles 
 gonna go on a run and smoke on top of a mountain
 like its fucking beautiful out if youre gonna be a bad parent at least go to the park and smoke and let your child play
 @kaaarrllah hahahah brb gonna go smoke 
 such a nice day to smoke some ls outside and enjoy the weather
 wow like the weed here is horrible. this cant be life 
 i wanna go home so i can smoke lmao 
 he dont want smoke he just wanna talk 
 i really just wanna cuddle  smoke  and fuck 
 cant wait to open my sunroof amp smoke my blunts 
 i got places to enjoy with you roll a joint smokeeee with you
 im at sunrise smoke shop in fort lauderdale  fl 
 i wanna smoke with @currensyspitta before i die
 imma smoke a nice fatty to the face and enjoy this beautiful weather
 i cant wait to get off work  go home  make some bomb ass wings and smoke my fire ass dro 
 @jgaza62 your gonna get fricken smoked 
 getting rid of her ass if she dont wanna smoke
 fuck life  fuck feelings smoke propane
 im tryna smoke a blunt and soak up this sunshine
 i cant wait to get home so i can smoke some of the giggly bush 
 i dont smoke so cant relate  
 good day to smoke a blunt outside
 @olyhip  lol naw foo stay smoke out and wait until an another baddie comes thru and roll for you 
 1st thing i wanna do when i get home is smoke a blunt
 and smoke a blunt 
 ma the weed be falling out the blunt when he roll it... thats your mcm tho
 ready to go home and watch basketball all night and smoke all night and drink my beer all night 
 im probably gonna marry a girl from guanajuato and we gonna retire and go live over there and smoke till we drop.
 we just be bored and say hey  lets go smoke.  
 johnson  42  tested negative for having any synthetic marijuana in her own system 
 ughhh im broke till monday and i just smoked the rest of my weed
 them hemp shits burn slow dab
 about to go to my happy place and smoke a bowl 
 just got a mood ring  gonna smoke a blunt and watch the colors change
 trader joes 772 is ready for some fun... come join the tasting of theses delicious wines and a beautiful smoked go 
 just wanna smoke eat amp sleep
 was gonna wait to smoke my last blunt but i cant lol
 im gonna get pretzels and smoke in rittenhouse hmu if youre around
 ready to smoke this fat ass blunt on my break
 if you roll a fat blunt and it aint pearled you wasting weed..
 bruh i cant wait til i get pissed tested so i can get back to smoking my weed daily again 
 let me watch you smoke a blunt and cum t same time
 when i get off work i cant never relax amp smoke a fat ass l
 i cannot wait till every 3rd party voter get arrested for weed shit gon be hilarious. 
 all i wanna do is smoke a blunt outside in this weather  too bad im dry and have class all night
 im just tryna smoke all day and chill
 waterbury people love to make fake plans to hangout ..... like im actually tryna smoke this blunt rn 
 hey yo mickey   lets go smoke this fat blunt i just rolled up 
 its so nice being able to smoke a blunt ouside amp not have to wear 20 sweaters 
 @amandakellytait poke bowls and smoked carrots im behind. the rest can go away.
 someone lets smoke and go to the mall
 forreal all i do is work  smoke when im off  then wake up the next day and repeat.
 @protomanblues97 but man.....when these fuckers say theyre gonna take weed away from us again  i simply cannot stand by.
 went outside to smoke a blunt in the sunshine. ended up asleep in the sun with a joint on my belly
 anybody wanna smoke
 it feels like when you get loaded asf smoke like 2 blunts and then wanna sleep so good
 we gonna blow smoke in the sky till we cant open our eyes
 well the reality is starting to hit so im gonna smoke n skype sam in order not to sob
 im wanna smoke 
 down to smoke and sleep all day.
 if u roll from left to right ion wanna smoke with u
 is legal weed gonna go away now gotta reconnect w my dealer i guess
 if i smoke this earth girl im gon forget you @chiefkeef
 my show at kings smokehouse is tomorrow night from 8midnight come out and eat bbq and listen to some music  
 i just wanna smoke and fuck he said girl thats all we do 
 dont wanna smoke alone 
 i cant wait to go home  smoke and cradle myself like a baby bat.
 the whole admin need to smoke a few js amp chill the fuck out 
 all i wanna do is smoke and have a good time
 only bad thing about this weather is the polar bears are gonna be smoked by april. planetearth2
 the fake potus will be cracking down on recreational marijuana. this is a bad move  believe me people. sad 
 me trynna convince myself i dont need to smoke but its been like two weeks and i wanna treat myself 
 perfect smoke a blunt amp cuddle with ya shorty weather 
 wan chill w boo smoke  cuddle amp watch movies
 who wanna smoke im hella bored lol
 so gop cares about states rights when they wanna segregate schools or discriminate gaystrans but not when it comes to weed
 i just wanna smoke and chill
 i cant even get a good sleep unless i smoke now
 lmao we still gonna smoke it fuck u mean 
 grab a wood or whatever u smoke out of lets get it
 gonna smoke hookah amp i just might cry  its been so long 
 can my random drug test happen already i havent smoked in forever and i wanna smoke again lol
 i wanna smoke 
 really in the mood to smoke a nice fat blunt and play some ps4
 rising like the smoke 
 and i cant sleep these days unless i smoke one
 i wanna smoke
 lets smoke one and make that move
 i just wanna smoke in peace ghwm
 lol joints and blunts can last that long if you smoke it right 
 i just smoked a blunt w ya boyfriend 
 wanna smoke with a cute stoner chick
 i smoke way more then i should  fuck it
 @sarahbethpurcel man  im with you. terrible at the weeding. laugh  eat some chips  listen to music  i wont fuck w the lyrics. promise.
 im ready to get in the shower and smoke a blunt
 i just wanna smoke rn  like thats all i want really but i gotta wait until im off 
 we still gonna smoke wether its legal or not 
 anyone wanna smoke a bowl and watch a movie or something
 tbh just wanna smoke and talk to my nigga then go to sleep but another 2hrs of work
 when yall just smoked a blunt and hes talking bout gimmie a kiss but you just trynna get to the kitchen 
 i low key cant wait to get home so i can eat el pollo loco burritospumpkin spice weed chocolate edibles and watch cowboy bebop 
 someone come smoke this blunt wit me
 just wanna smoke and make beats.
 who trynna smoke n eat inna buffet
 quick smoke sess then back to bed i go
 the smoke gonna spell my name
 ok dtj  so ur gonna stress me tf out w your politics and then not even let me enjoy recreational cannabis to calm down rude.
 if you roll up wit a grape flavored blunt  im bound to decline to smoke. them shits are disgusting.
 wheres my bestfriendman at.. just wanna smoke and cuddle him
 fuck legal weed anyways... what yall think was gonna happen
 @joiceea come smoke a fat blunt with your fave twin so you can feel better 
 finally done being a good college student now i can smoke and go to sleep
 i just wanna smoke and go for a drive while blasting my favorite tunes
 wanna smoke during sex one day lol
 just ready to go home smoke and lay in my bed w my puppyy
 drove four hours just to get to a freezing cold  smoke smelling  nasty ass house. i want to go home.
 i wanna smoke a fattie
 none my friends wanna smoke w me 
 i smoke a hitta up  where the ash tray 
 im lonely so im gonna go smoke on top of a mountain amp hopefully that makes me feel better.
 somebody anybody come smoke a blunt
 wanna smoke a blunt and lay up with my hand gripping that ass 
 this is smoke on your porch weather
 lots of fence sitting white people are gonna finally get outraged when infamous pot hater and attorney general jeff sessions goes after weed
 i wanna smoke again amp i just did smh
  hey mom..... you wanna ..... wanna smoke some weed 
 wine and weed will put u to sleep
 be as racist and homophobic as you want but lay off the weed  
 we got the pizza guy picking up rillos and we are gonna smoke him out
 cant wait to go home and smoke a face
 who wanna smoke
 i kinda wanna smoke a blunt outside and just listen to the rain 
 i wanna smoke
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget u
 i just wanna ride in my ride wit da top down amp smoke weed wit my niggas
 tryna smoke a blunt and listen to dropoutofschool @pouyalilpou @fatnick wya
 just gonna go home on my break to smoke this blunt
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gonna forget you 
 wanna get high but i refuse to smoke with my brother again so umm stay sober 
 and if i smoke this blunt boy imma forget ya 
 tryna smoke a blunt
 the day i smoke a blunt with @wizkhalifa   @quavostuntin   or @snoopdogg you cant tell me shit
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 fuck it  bouta bundle up amp smoke fat on the field while i watch cams game
 if i could come home to someone thatd rub my back  smoke and just talk about how our days were id be so happy .
 who can i facetime while i do home work and smoke this l
 home before midnight fuck yea man   gonna smoke a j and mob the streets
 htgawm the rollercoaster ride is over till next season......what a ride holy smokes
 if u are high schoo im not gonna smoke with u dont ask me to match  hop inna session  to buss my head  get ya head busted the answer is no
 i wanna smoke a joint and go straight to sleep
 eat good smoke laugh and then talk about life  
 i jus wanna smoke moe  
 gonna eat and watch sealab  then smoke
 whenever i listen to @russdiemon i wanna smoke a blunt and get lit of the henny and get nasty. 
 serious discussion at my shop tonight i shit you not  my family is apparently gonna try and get a medical marijuana license to grow and sell
 fuck it smoke
 you make the flowers smile. @ smoke jazz club 
 lemme smoke this blunt and take my ass to bed....
 damn i gotta smoke this blunt alone since my sister wanna be mia
 ima go get some weed horchata after work 
 i wanna grow my own weed tbh lol just to try it out n stuff
 time to smoke this blunt and go away...
 just ready to get off  smoke my blunt amp lay on my man chest 
 just wanna smoke rn. 
 im just gonna smoke a blunt amp call it a night its time.
 going to check out this ganja yoga tomorrow in venice beach. sounds chill
 we all bought our own lil marijuana pens today  puerto penasco gonna be lit as hell
 i need to smoke a blunt or two
 should i go smoke a blunt with...
 i wanna smoke weed with mariah carey
 i hope my future boyfriend is down to smoke some blunts and eat cereal at 2 morning 
 26307 smokey valley ln  katy  tx 77494  275 000 3 beds  2 baths 
 and to leave this hospital... smoke amp ig head home to sleep
 cant wait till this surgery shit is overwith so i can finally smoke amp drink again.
 life goal to smoke a fat joint with @madison420ivy 
 make love make me wanna get a pair of grillz  smoke some weed amp drink a gallon of henny kodak bopping 
 all i wanna do is sit back  smoke joints  and bump my homies new shit
 em t   wanna smoke me  noooo that is not for me okay  i just had to be polite amp offer.  this how i be w my food
 hallucinating make you wanna smoke sum
 i wanna smoke. 
 hey who wants to hangout tomorrow and smoke blunts all day amp drink or whatever youre into hmu
 i just wanna ride in my ride w the top down amp smoke weed w my niggas
 i just wanna smoke a big backwood amp vent 
 its all fun and games till you get blunt smoke in your eye
 okay about to make myself a super bomb sandwich   then smoke and take some shots . and work on music
 im bored n wanna smoke but dont feel like moving
 my sister smokes once amp cant wait for 420 
 i wasnt gonna smoke tonight but since im getting a ride from nata guess i have to
 v excited to smoke this bowl and eat this pizza
 and still smoke the blunt  
 so ready to get in this car and smoke and let this album ride  the weather is so nice too
 roll roll roll that blunt gently grind the weed. row your boat  smoke this dope living in my dream 
 girl when i smoke this blunt .. imma forget all about you
 can we just smoke a blunt and have make up sex
 that shit just made me not wanna smoke no more
  i wanna  smoke  weed 
 i wanna smoke wifff my shawtyyy @deeeewe
 i need it to be march 3 gonna take myself on a smoke date and watch logan 
 i think i jus smoked like 4 or 5 diff strains of weed in one blunt im zooted 
 lol we r really gonna smoke out of a potato
 theses white folks gonna smell all this smoke amp tequila on me in class lol
 working with all this kush is gonna make me wanna smoke again 
 wanna smoke tbh
 i cant wait to get off work and smoke
 i cant wait to get off work and smoke
 wake up smoke n blunt then go open an occupatin
 i miss having a gf to drive around and smoke with on beautiful days or just having a beautiful girl to chill with in general
 i wanna try whoopi goldbergs cannabis products.
 i wanna just lay in the bed amp smoke blunts ..
 but hey im just gonna smoke my weed and take my nap until i walk to work tm 
 cant slp. bouta smoke this blunt amp make sum fuckin tea  @ jersey city  new jersey 
 she my weed roller .
 i lowkey wanna smoke but i dont wanna go to work half way high again i dont like it
 im glad i have weed to go home to
 i wanna smoke somebody gas up
 jus might needa smoke1 for da culture  
 bannon is gonna get his dream shit storm w this one for sure. try to take away folks weed  chaos ensues. 
 i cant sleep or eat properly if i dont smoke.
 im just tryna smoke a blunt and knock.
 i just wanna smoke a blunt  so ima roll this blunt
 love being able to roll up a blunt and smoke it in my own bed when i cant sleep 
 i feel the burn  watch the smoke as i turn  rising  a phoenix from the flames..
 i just wanna sit in the bed of the truck with someone  smoke and talk about life
 like i just wanted to come home and smoke a bowl 
 gonna be as corny as possible over summer and only smoke weed while laying on the hood of my car
 wanna go outside n smoke but lazy
 i packed this bowl for two  and im gonna wanna smoke it with you. @jesssameow
 nissan sanmarcos is nowplaying just smoke by mumfordampsons cubevenue
 cant wait to go smoke in the bay once again  after vegas and reef cause i need to hit reef
 i swear all i wanna do is eat smoke an sleep soon as i get off this bus
 shak said youre gunna wanna smoke when i get back huh like my guy thats not a question
 team trumpy is gonna take back all the weed  well  that will be popular. twitterparty 
 me before anything let me speed smoke this bowl first
 whose tryna smoke and go get breakfast before i go to class
 perfect weather to smoke
 dont forget  recreational marijuana use is equal to the opiate epidemic  and thats the bottom line  because sean spicer said so.
 libs ready to go to war over killing babies and smoking weed 
 libs ready to go to war over killing babies and smoking weed 
 all @raetharuler does is come to my house to eat sleep and smoke
 i will never understand why people wanna smoke and smell like ash trays all the time
 i wanna ride and smoke all day 
 i just wanna smoke weed all day
 this weekend i plan on losing my bath bomb virginity  eat a whole pizza and smoke a blunt all at the same time
 gonna smoke a j in bed and watch the office
 pre work smoke buddy 
 niggas be wanna roll upor smoke a black early in the morning... i be like hold up my nigga let me brush my teeth.
 i just wanna smoke my day away today 
 yal smoke to get high  cant relate
 ill smoke with whoever can take me to work
 beautiful weather outside for a real nigga to smoke his bday l to
 gonna need to smoke a pound after this funeral 
 wake up smoke up
 and if i go down in flames.. the smoke gonna spell my name
 just wanna hang out with friends and smoke
 school makes me wanna smoke and live under a bridge for the rest of my life
 is taking their weed gonna wake the rest of the country
 and then lets go to a park amp smoke a bit while its still a nice dat out 
 @louiee96 wake yo ass up and smoke this blunt with me lol
 i just wanna smoke and i cant
 where the warriors at rockets gonna smoke them
 just gonna smoke my weed today and thats it.
 this bitch wanna smoke all of my weed
 just come lay in bed and smoke blunts w me on this good friday morning.
 im about to call and wake my mom up just because i dont wanna smoke alone
 i just want friends who wanna come over and smoke buds tonight 
 @killaahcurls lol thats what happen when i get wake up i wake up angry so i blame it on the thots cause they wanna smoke early in the am 
 i wonder what the overlap is between people concerned trump is gonna take away their weed amp ones that said lesser if two evils staywoke
 i wonder what the overlap is between people concerned trump is gonna take away their weed amp ones that said lesser of two evils staywoke
 eat yo ass amp smoke some gas 
 need someone to chill with today we can smoke n get food
 i jus like to roll up. get rolled up ill smoke yaaa
 who wan smoke  
 i need to wash my car inside and out and get an oil change  but i also really want to eat and smoke a blunt... to be productive or not hmmmm
 you can  smoke a blunt 
 cant wait to go home  smoke  and fall asleep. im exhausted af. 
 gonna smoke a blunt or ten
 i ride around in your car i put my weed in your blunt
 anyone wanna smoke crack and die hmu
 i just dont wanna smoke weed anymore.
 im just gonna chill today. watch some t.v  do some homework  smoke a couple dabs and bowls. im gonna be just hella lazy today 
 need to smoke a blunt but nobody to smoke it with ...
 i have no one to smoke with therefore im facing this blunt in the park and reading some of my book before i go to work...
 if you take my weed im gonna have to stop getting high and go out and protest. good plan.
 you wanna hear a joke its 2017 and weeds still illegal 
 me im gonna get an hg of hen and get fucked up  abbi im gonna smoke so much i cant breathe lmao
 im just gonna go back home and smoke a backwood while listening to the smiths
 if all you wanna do to have fun is smoke i really cant fw you 
 lmao trump is a fucking . he think bc he wanna shut down weed shops we just gone stop smoking back to the trap i go 
 i wanna smoke in all 50 states before i die. 
 if i still smoked itll perfect to get a blunt and chill on the porch listening to music just relaxing my mind
 lol hmu if you smoke k2 i wanna smack the fuck outta ya
 is trump trying to get more americans to hate him no trans protection  more enforcement on marijuana. whats next no refugees oh  wait...
 hes gonna sniff weed
 im bout smoke again
 @yazsus lmfaoo nbs i might have to go smoke a blunt rn just to forget i seen this 
 i wanna meet new people and smoke some new weed
 yall should really smoke one today and go on a walk. that shit cool
 fucking with that fuck around  fuck around and get smoked 
 cant wait to smoke
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girl thats all that we do.
 all i do is work sleep smoke and go out of town occasionally
 some girl is wearing a shirt with marijuana leaves on it and my prof goes are those maple leaves thats awesome gtg
 if they allow weed to be legal  the white man is gonna ruin it
 cant wait till chevie can smoke again 
 i just roll weed and record adventures all day
 anyone wanna smoke with after this 1 oclock.
 but anyways hit me up when u go out 2 eat amp afterwards smoke cuz i be fat  
 brady do you wanna roll a bowl or smoke a joint
 i just wanna smoke a fat one like is that to much to ask for .
 its byob tonight leave the weed at home mardi gras is about getting drunk
 @tobaccology ride home smoke 
 i just wanna go to a park and smoke with my favorite ppl today
 i just wanna smoke and grab some drinks when i get off tonight . 
 wait a minute roll up the weed
 i really wanna smoke this  
 i wanna smoke and go to the beach
 its a nice day to smoke a blunt
 if only i could smoke a blunt in bed rn instead of having to go outside 
 i just wanna sip lean and smoke weed by the park  foreal np break the bank by @schoolboyq stoner youugly
 she just wanna smoke amp fuck. i said girl thats all that we do.
 you cant kick it with me if you aint a hustler ... you cant smoke out with me   i heard you a buster 
 my dad no stems no seeds  thats some badass weed 
 dam i wanna smoke that 
 cant wait to be outta here and smoke a blunttttttt 
 we got a 4 bedroom house  me and my mama say thats gonna our smoke room
 debating if i wanna smoke this blunt before i go into work
 i really wanna smoke but im stuck at home so fuck me
 all i wanna do this weekend is rest  smoke amp catch up on all this good music.
 if williams goes to cleveland and bogut or sanders cavs gonna win the chip easy.. that bench will smoke teams
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 i dont even wanna smoke
 waiting for lucy to give in amp smoke a blunt w me 
 cant wait to get home and smoke
 i wanna go lay by the beach amp smoke a couple ls
 someone come smoke this fat blunt with me
 annoyed  i just wanna smoke now
 i wanna get high  baby lets go come on i wanna smoke a little splif with you
 needs friends who wanna walk their dog amp smoke bluntz w me
 anybody wanna smoke 
 privacy rights privacy rights privacy rights weed queens masters of lush and remember blue waffle some 5tg grade shit. the book motherfucka
 bitches hmu when they wanna smoke   lol bye crackhead .
 im in love with a wanna smoke and race and eat type of person
 soon as i get off im getting some weed amp go home 
 i wish i could smoke weed so bad. i cant wait to be off this shit
 when u wanna smoke but dont have weed 
 then smoke take a few sips then right back to sleep
 honestly just want to leave the hospital so i can go smoke a fat bowl.  instead of having to take hydros every 3 hours.  notthebusiness
 i just wanna chill drank smoke fuck 
 i cant wait to smoke amp go get food when i get off lmao
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girl thats all that we do
 toyotaofboerne is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 next diet i go on is gonna consist of driving back and forth past smokey bones and breathing in the air
 anybody wanna hang with me today we can smoke weed and be black
 kinda wanna go to brockport  kinda wanna stay in my dorm nd smoke  kinda wanna go to the 90s party  kinda wanna see kass and mandaidk
 treated myself to weed now gonna treat myself at lush 
 cant wait to grow bud on my front lawn wake up every morning butt ass naked and freshly pick what im gonna smoke
 its fucking nice out who wanna chill. i got the loud. im trying to smoke.
 you wanna sip lean and you wanna smoke dope now
 if you gon smoke a blunt before goin somwhere  smoke than put on some high dollar cologne
 starting my day off with some smoke rn. 
 i just wanna post up and smoke backwoods tonight
 i just wanna smoke  eat  lay down and watch family guy and have somebody play in my hair 
 anyone want to smoke and then go shopping with me
 @oddfuckingtaco  smoke pizza  eat wine drink weed
 i keep everything neutral i just wanna smoke a leaf
 tonights tweets brought to you by lawn and order.  bringing justice to high grass and pesky weeds.
 you fuck around  get smoked.
 jus smoked some bowls wit my tattoo artist 
 who wanna come smoke
 update my dad wants to smoke a cigar with me. wow i should come home more often 
 i dont wanna smoke alone...no one likes me
 if youre gonna smoke  smoke. dont smoke like youre gonna get in trouble. thats annoying.
 sometimes running away from home helps to find the home that counts  eat  love  pray. smokey mountains sounds like 
 just wanna smoke and sip the henny till im seeing double
  smokes . tj n me on a mission to the dive off this evening . run it back 
 not really in the drinking mood tonight. i want to go smoke some hookah.
 all i care about is money and the city that im from im gonna sip until i feel it im gonna smoke it til its done
 i wanna smoke amp chill tonight someone hmu to hang out
 im gonna get some fresh air outside  goes outside to smoke a cig
 bruh i just wanna smoke  where all those people i be looking out for
 just gonna smoke and get some grub 
 anybody wanna hang possible smoke some weed
 any females wanna come smoke me out  
 my mom is real life crying rn cause i told her i smoked weed two years ago.... what. the. fuck
 i wanna smoke weed with a celebrity lol
 just wanna smoke a blunt and get some chilis. im over this hotel shit already
 i need more friends who wanna stay in the house and enjoy wine and weed..
 smoke eat n smoke again
 i just want a blunt rn. anyone want me to come over and we can smoke a blunt and eat snacks i got money
 im just tryna lay up and smoke a blunt
 i just wanna smoke be stoned freely .
 all niggas do is smoke skimpy ass blunts
 bro i cant wait to get out of work  ima smoke a fatass blunt  get some food and im off for 3 days 
 just wanna go home amp smoke till i literally fly away
 cant wait to smoke a cigarette in new york city
 i love all types of the girl scout cookies. specially the weed kind lol
 i just wanna get home  smoke
 i just wanna get home  smoke  order pizza and play video games at this point
 i wanna smoke
 i just sent my hubbys to go buy a new tv so we can smoke a blunt n watch tv in bed 
 home alone  smoke  pizza
 im gonna get off of work tonight  go home  and smoke the fattest bowl and curl up in my bed 
 i just wanna be with my sister and smoke some weed and eat sugar cookies 
 anyone wanna get out and do something i have weed
 what im tripping on is how you gon sell bud and you smoke it
 who tryna take me to go get this weed. ill smoke you up
 gonna smoke til i get sleepy
 nissan sanmarcos is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 like  i wanna smoke this l buuuuut i also wanna home
 i just wanna smoke amp end this night being high as fck
 all i do is smoke in eat shyt all day
 man i just wanna smoke lmao
 cant wait to smoke this blunt nd pass tf out.
 if theyre gonna destroy america like this they should make weed mandatory.
 about to smoke a j and watch some movies. any cute ladies wanna join 
 who wants to smoke a blunt with me
 waiting on when i can come home to my lover everyday  smoke a l and ride his face 
 your mcm smoked a bowl and is scared to tell you about it
 just gonna smoke and read and actually go to sleep this time 
 i jus smoked a blunt with yo girlfriend really doe
 all this town cares about is whos gonna smoke them up
 eat twizzlers amp smoke a blunt  thank me later 
 i just want to smoke and cuddle..
 if loren doesnt answer her phone im gonna go crazy and never smoke with her again @lnball
 perfect blunt. shit smoked so good
 bout to smoke again
 i just want to lay in bed and smoke but i also wanna go out and shake my ass
 all i wanna know is what kinda weed they got on these other 7 planets. nasa space
 drink one more jameson and ginger... smoke a cigarette... and my power level gonna be over 9000
 im damn near about to go to sleep... my head hurts  its hella cold  and ion got no weed rn  its all bad.
 must be nice to have chill ass parents that let u smoke sum nice woods
 when you dont wanna smoke alone 
 shes smoke i pull her in nice and slow shes a habit and i cant let go blowing rings around my heart. 
 i just want to get home  shower  eat and smoke 
 fuck it ima smoke and take my ass back to sleep 
 they needa make a place where you can go and sit and smoke weed fuck that hookah shit
 finns eat this fat ass pot pie go smoke me few blunts and go to sleep bruh
 i need a g  im tryna smoke sum before bed
 bout to smoke this blunt while my cousin record and just vibe 
 nights that you wanna smoke but you cant are the most depressing 
 wanna smoke a bowl then sleep
 i prob just need to smoke so this headache can go away and put me sleep
 this guy at the ritz just left to go roll me a blunt in his car and hes coming back to smoke it with me in the club 
 im tryna smoke n go eat but these niggas biiiiig folded
 till the walls go up in smoke with all our memories
 the way im feelin i wanna smoke my last dutch but then again i wanna save it for the morning when i wake up ina bad mood 
 off work about to smoke this joint now 
 i wanna smoke a fat blunt
 since im off monday after i get my hair done im just gon chill  smoke  then go to the parade.
 fuck it ima smoke this personal amp go to bed
 i hope my stuff is almost done  im ready to go home  smoke and get in the bed now
 @kittycatkaty smoke a blunt 
 i jus wanna smoke good weed wit a bad bitch
 its been a long day. i just wanna smoke some blunts and rub on somebody daughter booty
 i wanna smoke like right about now
 cant wait till the day i get my own place and be able to roll up and smoke when ever i want wout anyone telling me shit 
 really tempted to smoke a bowl rn but im too lazy to get up
 this fucking weed is hittin so gooood 
 im just gonna keep smoking my weed.
 debating on if i wanna smoke the rest of this or not
 i just wanna be able to lay up with my boo a smoke a blunt
 said she wanna roll w me and smoke up all my weed
 just wanna smoke a bowl with you and talk about random shit like we used to.
 all i really wanna do is lay in bed amp listen to hndrxx and smoke this blunt
 gets brought home by fuzz mom do you have any weed on you
 how can people go to sleep wo weed 
 im drunk and in bed now smoke w me
 i have to smoke 2 joints before i go to the airport right now. yes. have to.
 @bremstone i feel asleep  my wife just woke me up at my desk  smoked and posted this as im headed to bed. been a long few sleepless days
 i wanna smoke a blunt but my blunts are very difficult to roll now that i got my nails done long as shit long ass talons why u playin
 im jus tryna smoke
 im jus tryna smoke honestly
 youre gonna make me smoke stems huh lol
 when u smoke a blunt to get high 
 been weed sleep for two hours now im up like shit
 on some lazy shit    wanna smoke    but dont feel like rollin  .
 about to go home and smoke
 about to smoke and lay my ass down
 cant wait to be off work  smoke and watch netflix
 lit n smoke this blunt now that i got woke up and pissed off
 woke up out my sleep salty asf at my relationship life  makes me wanna smoke somemore  
 i smoke than i eat... drink more than i sleep...
 i need to smoke and go to bed. this wasnt part of the plan.
 cant eat  cant sleep  cant smoke fuck this dental shit sucks  why me baby jesus 
 i wanna smoke today has been a long day lol
 my neighbor texted me asking if i wanted to smoke a blunt with him but im to lazy to get outta bed wtf smh
 bout to smoke a bowl  maybe 3
 bought to smoke a blunt and get some donuts amp imma sleep like a baby
 love to smoke when i get home from work.
 bouta smoke and go back to sleep
 i wish i had friends that would wake up early  get breakfast amp smoke with me lol
 just wanna smoke this blunt then ko
 need someone to just smoke a bowl and drive no where with.
 need some smoke so i can back to sleep
 who tryna smoke a morning blunt
 who tryna smoke a morning blunt
 i take long totes  come on folks  aint nothing in the world like strong smoke the wake up theme  @therealstylesp
 i already cant wait to get out amp smoke a bluntttt
 who wanna smoke me out
 gonna smoke and take pics today 
 i wish i could just smoke a blunt rn i hate this
 @secureteam10 gonna get my weed rolled for this
 im just trying to go to the beach and smoke a blunt
 dont nobody wanna smoke that government work no way 
 i can honestly say yall needa stop smoking weed if not gon be able to drive
 i cant wait to smoke again  december2018
 blunt smoke on snow flakes
 i just wanna smoke 
 signssomeoneisofftherails describe in detail the horrible effects of drinking diet pop then go have a smoke break.
 ready to get off just to eat then smoke a l before i go to my next shift 
 i just want hair played in while i smoke a blunt.
 i wanna smoke abreana head off monday 
 they got me doing a nigerian weeding lmao im not going home till tomorrow
 i wanna smoke a blunt
 thats sad. i cant sleep or eat until i smoke 
 but hey lets go after marijuana 
 anyone wanna bring me that smoked butterscotch frappucino 
 fuck all that if she dont wanna go  ill just stay home  and smoke 
 how about we let people smoke weed and get the fuck rid of cigarettes already 
 bout to smoke by myself 
 when someone asks if i wanna smoke 
 real homies smoke you out when you sleep 
 its gon feel so nice to smoke a blunt in my house today 
 im trying to smoke a blunt and go get breakfast
 fuck with me and get smoked or fuck with me and smoke too
 i dont wanna hear about who did what or he said she said.   just chill  smoke this blunt  and vibe out.
 just wanna smoke a blunt alone 
 who wanna smoke a blunt
 0 days wout weed started from the bottom. had one last hoorah last night gonna sweat that shit out on this run d 
 she just wanna chill with me and smoke up all my weed  so i rolled up some of that moon rock and that bih went straight to sleep.
 if i smoke this blunt ill forget you
 iont see how mfs smoke joints more than blunts barely be high off a joint
 i miss waking up ans being able to smoke a blunt in my bed
 gonna smoke some more cause ive been having a limited symptom panic attack for about 24 hours now. ugh
 so nobody wanna smoke 
 i wanna smoke some blunts amp explore abandoned places but san antonio aint shit. fuck trespassing fines amp tickets. fuck 12 in general lol
 pastrami  goslings in the fountain.  sandwich lunchtime @ smoked amp stacked 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt in the bath while wat hung avatar the last airbender. is that too much to ask
 i just wanna smoke a blunt in the bath while watching avatar the last airbender. is that too much to ask
 this is cuddle amp smoke a couple blunts weather
 the flyers are gonna get smoked tonight arent they
 @derpdevii look like someone stole your weed and you know who did it but hed fuck you up if you pressed him so you just gonna go to class
 its so fucking nice out i wish i had some weed so i could roll up and head out
 she just said you wanna get to know me kill me and then smoke me out the next morning... thats how you get to know me... lmfao
 could smoke a nice blunt rn
 i jus wanna smoke 
 everything i smoke at least 260. i can see from here she wanna move with me. 
 straight chillin its just a fat blunt i smoke at least 2 of these a day 
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 what the hell my boss asked me if i wanna smoke a blunt at lunch
 she just wanna smoke and f thats all that we do  
 girl we go together like weed and paranoia
 i hate when i go to family functions and forget to smoke weed
 when the smoke from the blunt burns your eye 
 who wants to smoke hookah and get something to eat
 im just trynna smoke a blunt and get a haircut but no ones replying 
 her you wanna smoke me ......... 
 im in some chill shit tonight .. somebody lets smoke and go out to eat or something
 about to murder some mexican food  drink some modelo  and then smoke half this l before i go into work bc its the freakin weekend  why not
 warm weather brings out the fuccboi s. no i dont wanna go to your house and smoke a blunt foh.
 if you invite me over to smoke indica  you wanna fuck amp its not lowkey
 i cant wait to be off amp smoke a nice  fat bowl 
 does anyone smoke dabs in mp hit me up please
 when you just wanna smoke with your best friend 
 nicki just being passed around like a blunt of reefer
 if i dont smoke cigarettes myself why would i wanna get the second hand smoke from yours
 kinda wanna smoke a port rn ctfu
 im going to smoke a blunt and ball at sunset beach
 lmao i love linking my co workers after work cause all they ever wanna do is smoke 
 kinda wanna go out tonight kinda wanna smoke amp chill on it.
 i need to go smoke a blunt and listen to that diss one more time 
 i just wanna smoke blunts and chill with my love.
 @katyperry @hillaryclinton @dalailama so until i get some damn help from you takers imma smoke and drink coffee i n 
 all i need today is some weed  food  movies  and my bed
 all i do is sleep and smoke 
 who wanna smoke ill scoop  
 i jus wanna get rich  chilin in the front wit a bitch  separating weed from the sticks  no seeds an i think  she lookin at me tryna get bent
 my pot dealer gave me a free quad  anyone wanna hang out and smoke the rest of the day
 i wanna be able to smoke on my 21st
 instead of smoking all this gas imma smoke a blunt or two and go hit ot at work 
 she drink just like lahey but im ricky when i smoke a sack
 i feel like you should get more weed for your money.. paying 40 for bali thats gonna last you a couple days seem like a waste.
 just smoke a blunt
 why im the world is trump gonna fuck with rec weed this dude is making america nazi germany
 yummy dinner i had the hash  belly and bird it was smoked pork belly on a bed of rice and 
 @hailxseitan so then fuck it let me smoke you out
 waiting for tomorrow so i can be in bed  cuddled up with a movie and some smoke
 omw home finally about to smokeeeeeeeee and smokeeee and smokeeeee  anyone wanna join me for a night of smoking and eating hit me up
 @soundcloud dope. something you would just smoke a bowl tilt your head back and vibe 
 andrew im gonna go smoke some crack.. i mean a cigarette 
 im getting stressed and sad. i need to smoke and eat good
 kinda wanna drive about n smoke
 get it i just wanna roll this up  and smoke it  happy saturday everybody.  hope youre 
 man i just smoked a blunt amp now im dying at my timeline 
 all i wanna do rn is eat. smoke. and then finish this stupid homework
 i wanna play board games tonight and smoke weed whos down
 i wanna pick u up  smoke one amp go have lunch wit ya
 i just wanna smoke rn
 ready to smoke these bleezys
 ight fuck all yous a nigga was just tryna smoke at work 
 fr tho  all i wanna do is a smoke a bowl and watch the storm
 bout jus smoke da nite away 
 tapped in with the big homie @smokedeville  come smoke with us  backwoodbullies affluent 
 and if i go down in flames  the smoke gonna spell my name.
 who wanna smoke
 all u wanna do is smoke 
 she just wanna smoke amp fuck   i said girl thats all that we do .
 im sooo irrelevant i work 35 hours a week  work out  sleep and smoke a lil plus now ima be in the stu and somehow people still talk bout me
 you wanna impress a woman you like  ask her on a real date.. nobody wanna sit in ur musty ballsack smelling room amp smoke wit u
 bill walton makes me want to smoke a pound of weed and go to dominos and hate myself tomorrow.
 first person to take a charger to aidan at taco bell ill smoke a blunt with tonight. pls and thank you
 i roll joints n smoke em  @hashthief
 i just wanna smoke
 smoked . cook . drink . eat . smoke .
 do you mind if we smoke this blunt outside cuz its nice out and we can get high
 i just wanna go drive along the coast w my friends amp smoke a blunt right now 
 i just wanna smoke tonight man its been way too long 
 i need a friend thats ready to roll up amp smoke with me at any given moment.
 i wanna smoke 
 she just wanna smoke amp fuck
 do you wanna get arrested or put weed up your vagina
 i wanna smoke hookah so vals house it is lol
 gracie said she was gonna buy weed for us tonight and my heart exploded
 cant wait to get home and smoke wit some reggae playin
 i dont wanna drink baby girl i just wanna smoke 
 i just wanna smoke and sleep
 lol fr i wish he would wake up he know i dont like to smoke alone. who wanna take his spot in this smoke session
 who wants to smoke a blunt wit me no one alright cool
 to keep it a band im about to just smoke my blunt cause im not about to wait for these mfs 
 im really just fena smoke do hw and sleep 
 other than go to school   all i do is smoke   vibe to music   read and sleep. after i get this job ill be set and m.i.a
 i just got home from the gym i just wanna smoke a blunt and shower who bout that life
 let ur hair blow in the breeze  roll some bomb ass weed
 you hardly smoke but you wanna smoke my drugs
 you netflix and chill  we binge watch and smoke  squadgoals allmybabesbaddies novababes 
 @wizkahlissa smoke a blunt n everything will be okay 
 im about to smoke out fat anyone that replys to my sc story 
 ive been dizzy for days now. whether i eat. drink. smoke. i had one friggen sex on the beach how am i dizzy and ready to vomit 
 i just smoked a blunt with your boyfriend
 im tryna smoke a blunt
 i just wanna smoke and be layed up tonight
 i just wanna meet a man who would wanna smoke a dutch and talk to me as i make dinner for us and then he can fuck me afterwards  sigh
 as soon as i get off work i come home  get naked  and smoke my brains out. goodnight 
 the smell of marijuana gives me a headache  i hate it
 im finna smoke and go to sleep
 am i gonna get my wallet back  sometime  soon i really need a smoke. 
 shid my squad carry tweezers and smoke the blunt till its ashes amp then smoke the ashes  
 @miauniverse i wanna smoke hookah and watch weird fucked up scary as shit because we already watch it daily. 
 probably gone slide to the beach and smoke a joint fuck it
 me i aint gon smoke nomo me 
 the fact that ion even wanna smoke after work no more  i wanna speed home amp crawl under the damn bed 
 @iancrance wisdom teeth  cant smoke
 im too lazy to go get my weed
 wish i could just hit up another woman amp be like..wanna smoke i dont really feel like talking. thats the problem i have wmy 2 friends.
 who wanna smoke
 my daddy just woke me up to go to school and he told me he was gonna be able to get a sack of weed and smoke a weed 
 literally all i wanna do is smoke a dutch and get some food but everyones being fuckin lame 
 if you not texting me about weed or sex then it can probably wait until tomorrow
 just got off work and all i wanna do is take a shower  smoke a blunt  and get my feet rubbed 
 thats wild wanna smoke oh nice its so fucking lit  the only 4 things ive ever heard @sammyg2014 say
 my wife watches diners drive ins and dives and now shes too good for hamhocks. smoked turkey necks she says
 so cold ion even wanna walk to my car to smoke this blunt ...
 like whats that  whats next  whats up. i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck.
 i just wanna go home get in the shower   amp smoke a blunt 
 if you wanna smoke thats cool with me take a pill  live in ecstasy 
 i really wanna smoke rn
 i just wanna smoke and have a lot of sex
 the fuck is good for tonight  someone lets smoke heavily
 wanna smoke w me 
 its too fucking cold dawg  im finna jus get sum food. maybe a pizza an jus smoke.
 aye bro you wanna waste some weed tonight 
 cant wait till we smoke  gone b my first blunt all day
 messed with the ac in my hotel room and now it smells so smoky. and now im afraid the smoke alarm is gonna go off
 bout to smoke a fat doobie anyone wanna join 
 this made me wanna smoke w my grandmother lmao 
 welp gonna get this rolling process started then i can pick my victim to smoke with  lol jk
 im just tryna smoke a blunt
 not at all a byu fan  but im thrilled to see the zags undefeated season go up in smoke.
 sfter a long day at work i just be wanting to come home smoke a blunt amp cuddle 
 bruh smoked bout 10 blunts today dont wanna see shit rn
 plus i can smoke blunts at home lol
 when he tryna smash but you just wanna smoke and got a hope nigga 
 im tryna smoke but i dont wanna get up smh
 so is someone trying to take me to go get food yall will get smoked out 
 how our days usually go. smoke  eat  nap  gym. in that order 
 got invited to an afty. tbh i just wanna smoke and knock out
 kinda wanna smoke a blunt kinda wanna go to sleep 
 thats a nice blunt. i wished i smoked
 i wish i can smoke a fat blunt right now
 fuck wit me and get smoked  fuck wit me and smoke too
 when he think he gonna smash but you just  wanna smoke and you got a whole nigga 
 all i smoke is pressure 
 i dont smoke but i wanna try edibles
 beats face to go smoke weed in the woods
 just wanna smoke a fat l 
 nor am i able to smoke a blunt rn
 i cant wait till im off parole so i could smoke
 i need some weed rn till i go re up tomorrow someone help
 rlly wanna smoke
 gurl im just tryna smoke a blunt and crash out
 this man just said i wanna smoke a cigarette with you . 
 damn now i wanna smoke
 no one wanna smoke amp vibe
 im gonna drink weed and smoke some alcohol tonight
 when im drunk  i cant wait to get home to smoke 
 i jest wanna smoke
 i jest wanna smoke
 babe i just wanna get bandz  and smoke dope 
 2 dutchies smoked   gonna sleep good 
 whos tryn smoke
 im dead ass bout to wait till i smoke this blunt to watch this 
 i wanna smoke a lotta weed rn but i have none 
 if you fuck  smoke  drink and eat you still gon die so might as well fuck  smoke drink and eat
 cuz eat the booty cant smoke with me
 @lilbibby what celebrity you really wanna have a smoke sesh with
 i think im about to smoke a blunt amp go to waffle house...
 ew i wanna smoke a cigarette
 made bank  now i get to curl up in my bed  smoke bowls and sleep all day tomorrow 
 i jus wanna smoke in tha car and talk to ya
 @ayreedthis shit its gon be a wake and bake regardless if this big get smoked rn or not lmao
 bout to take a float n smoke
 i wanna pull up on somebody and smoke one and vibe
 i really thinkin bout salen weed but da way my sleep up ctfu
 if i smoke this blunt imma forget u
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said  girl  thats all that we do
 hope i can fall back to sleep so imma just smoke and read this book called dutch 
 i hate when everyone smokes around me.... then you have to go to bed wa smokey head of hair... yuck
 best thing about la is being able to smoke a blunt in the club
 i gotta headache. my hair smells like smoke. amp mfs get on my nerves. great.
 almost home cant wait to snuggle with my dogs and smoke me a few bowls before bed fishing tomorrow
 just wanna cute boy to workout with and go laser tagging with and smoke with and have sleepovers and to do homework together thanks
 sooo excisted to smoke a blunt lol
 i wanna smoke some jamaican weed. heard its some fire over there 
 the music on rocket league makes me wanna smoke
 i need to go home amp smoke so i dont gaf
 how much you want to bet obama and michelle smoked a fat blunt when he got out of office
 who wants to smoke this fat joint with me
 i aint never wanted to lay up and smoke a blunt so bad 
 i wanna smoke and just lay on the beach w some snacks 
 i wanna make a show called contact high where i sit in chandlers apartment while he smokes and i document my experience.
 i wanna smoke
 all i have are lousy lampms to smoke and its cold but i cant sleep so wtf else am i gonna do
 i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 just gonna chain smoke for the rest of my life
 might need to go smoke a blunt rq
 wtf i wanna smoke but dont wanna smoke alone and nobodys down to smoke 
 anyone up that wanna smoke
 im just gonna smoke this blunt and pretend that my anxieties arent trying to eat me alive  wish me luck
 why cant i fall back a sleep  ugh guess i can smoke the rest of my blunt and watch a lil tv fml 
 if youre gonna do something do it all the way. you wanna get high put that weed down  smoke crack.
 got high and wanna do a gym run....what kinda weed is this
 wanna go outside and smoke but its cold asf 
 @foxnews go back to the dorm  smoke alot more of that pot  because you are high and dreaming if you really think that.
 anyone wanna smoke w me and april
 i wanna smoke. itll help these cramps forreal
 should i smoke a bowl
 im just tryna go to the beach  smoke a joint  and listen to reggae while im watching the sunrise
 yuppie dracula by smokey bastard is nowplaying in devils advocate  minneapolis.
 i cant wait til after work to shower bc all i smell rn is smoke
 i smoke every 5 seconds with my oil pen do u see me being lazy n not wanna do shit with my lifeidk what they smoking but maryjane got me 
 should i smoke first or go get my food first  
 can i roll this blunt smoke and be dressed by 815  ima try
 i jus wanna smoke and sleep all day today.
 @lionelmedia maybe the libs will calm down if they smoke some  peace.
 smoking a blunt so i can smoke blunt yall know how that go
 we gon wake up   and smoke us a blunt and fuck
 i just watched my weedman take a bath bomb bath amp smoke a blunt on snap 
 i wanna smoke i just dont wanna roll
 this is point you do when the weed man walk around corner and yall bout to link up... 
 i can smoke a fat wood in my bed anytime i want  yall still gotta wait to moms go to sleep
 lol bih hml talking bout she left her weed at home 
 i just smoked a blunt with your gf 
 just wanna smoke rn to get my mind off things....
 not to sound like a feign  but i cant wait to smoke a blunt when i get homeee
 i need a chick who wanna bake cookies on a sunday  let me smoke my weed and play this 2k.
 just wanna enjoy my weed
 rolls over cuddles weed
 i rlly wanna smoke this amp sleep myself
 why go to church when you can sleep in and smoke weed instead
 i got a half a six pack of ol milwaukee  n a half a bag of weed  i cant do it like i did  when i was a kid this is all im gonna need...cj
 @boounds smoke a blunt shut the fuck up.
 i want to be able to buy a shit load of weed and just roll hundreds of joints and go give them out to homeless people
 about to get some food and smoke this 
 im looking at this blunt like. do i wanna smoke or no  
 u wanna smoke 
 she said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed 
 i just wanna fuck  smoke and chill
 need someone to chill and smoke a blunt with today
 bouta do some work then go smoke
 anyone wanna smoke
 im really just gonna get up and get ready and smoke this mild and see wtm is 
 mikey just called me and said wanna smoke this blunt nigga duhhh boy come scoop 
 she wanna do drugs. smoke weed get drunk
 all i wanna do is smoke and vibe out witcha
 drink weed eat wine smoke pizza 
 gonna play future on my way to get this bag of weed. 
 @cnnpolitics hey snow flakes  your not going to rush pres. trump. he get things done in his time. he has to weed out all garbage for obama.
 i really fwu if i let you roll my weed
 freemattelam its was only 126 grams of weed. its not gonna hurt anyone realtalk 
 freemattelam its was only 126 grams of weed. its not gonna hurt anyone realtalk 
 but anyways  def. gonna smoke some gas  go to dinner then see get out. thats an appropriate sunday.
 i wanna go smoke then eat then come back home laydown do homework amp watch hulu then workout 
 the pastrami recovery at @smokednstacked dc sandwich saurkraut @ smoked amp stacked 
 i just wanna live in california with 10 cats amp a lot of weed  who said it 
 what i say ok guys im gonna go do an email check. be back in a few what i really mean haha fuck u guys im gonna go smoke a cig
 cant wait to go home and smoke a blunt
 i had to smoke lsss to @1future hndrxx
 im tryna smoke a blunt
 mels when you go to hawaii and you wanna chill on the beach for 5 hours... smoke a doob 
 what to do today besides smoke weed and enjoy this rainy weather 
 soon as i wake up i smoke a dab lol
 and if i smoke this blunt then i might forget you
 im weeded at work and all i can think about is how much @chipotletweets im gonna eat after my shift.
 being americas moststressed and never having weed is not a good look for me i wanna fight myself
 guess ill eat my sonic  go smoke this blunt and sleep
 gonna go get some weed and chill the fuck out 
 i take dabs and even i acknowledge that wax is tweaky as fuck to smoke
 hit it from the back wit my clothes on  smoke some more pack then i doze off
 @realdonaldtrump smokescreens aint gonna work anymore slick..trying to divert from all your stupidity and possible crimes dont work anymor
 and smoke a blunt 
 cant smoke when i wanna 
 yall ever smoked a fat ass blunt while using the bathroom 
 sleep smoke eat and work
 i remember looking at that girl and thinking im gonna marry her  and then that girl borrowed 20 from me to go buy weed 
 i just wanna roll up amp smoke all day today.. without being bothered 
 dont date a smoker.  if you wanna know whats its like to date one just lick an ash tray
 dont date a smoker.  if you wanna know whats its like to date one just lick an ash tray my manager
 doing exactly what i wanna marijuana
 lets smoke a blunt and talk about life.
 i be just want somebody i can vibe with lay back and smoke a wood with 
 he still hasnt tweeted. if this guy just became the worlds first weed fatality  im gonna be so upset 
 all i do is smoke and work
 i wanna smoke
 trying to get high and go to the movies where the weed at mesquite  
 should i smoke before or after i eat 
 its always a good day to smoke a blunt 
 im allowed to smoke in the truck but since he working he cant just stop at a rest stop to get me a blunt 
 roll dis sticky up watch the smoke go up
 able to smoke and drink  sounds bout right
 tonight. pull up. drekickback smoke hookah. have drinks. 
 wanna smoke amp go to the movies tonite.
 matter a fact   wanna smoke   amp go out to eat amp then go to the moviesssss 
 just wanna smoke but almost too lazy to get out of bed to do so
 im hungry  i wanna smoke  im cold  and im fucking irritated to the max 
 i just wanna smoke honestly. ill eat later but i just really wanna smoke smh
 homies  roll me up then smoke me in a blunt. bitch  i am nothing just ash in the cup. hard to lay back in this grave that i dug.
 im trying so hard not to go smoke but it sounds like thats the move
 the kinda weather you put 10 jackets on and smoke a blunt outside in 
 i honestly cant wait to smoke a blunt after work 
 yall think if i smoke this headache will go away
 i just wanna smoke a blunt at the park and enjoy the day before i go to work
 im fucking up in life  i just wanna take this girl out and smoke her out
 new uzi makes me wanna smoke 27 backwoods and acquire a lot of currency
 new uzi makes me wanna smoke 27 backwoods and acquire a lot of currency
 im in the country tryin to go watch get out or should i just smoke decisions
 bored to the max  who wanna smoke
 bored to the max  who wanna smoke
 i need a personal weed roller.
 im just going to go home smoke the fattest blunt i can roll amp sleep my life away
 ahhhh pooping gotta get ready for work i have work in 1 hour and 5 minutes but it takes like 15 minutes to drive and 5 to smoke
 @stayyg0lden okay then we can go to my car and smoke  if i can find the blunt 
 they tryna get me to smoke dabs
 now i lowkey wanna nap but im eating and then im gonna go smoke so
 im boutta fuck around and smoke one more before i count up and take a nap 
 i wanna listen to trap music and smoke a blunt on my death bed
 who tryna smoke and eat
 i just wanna smoke 
 im bored someone smoke a blunt wit me
 guy yeah we can go bowl if you want  me i love bowling lets do it guy i meant like a bowl of weed
 i just wanna smoke and relax
 roll 1  smoke 2.
 finna smoke a fat blunt by myself
 if i smoke this blunt  boiii im gon forget you. 
 facts1 candidate lied amp 1.8 mil ma voters legalized rec marijuana thc   norml bospoli 
 i just want to smoke a blunt and go eat but everyone acting brand new 
 fina smoke n lay down before work
 cant wait to smokeeeeeeeeee
 i really cant wait to get home and smoke a backwood with my lil honey berry babe 
 eat or smoke first 
 dying to get home to smoke a blunt with my man 
 i want a fat ass blunt but i smoke to much as it is so imma jus chill
 i wanna smoke a blunt and sheesh 
 i wanna smoke but not dolo
 anyone wanna smoke
 @kfcbarstool shes got jeets on her resume. automatic certified smokeshow
 whenever people smoke around me it gives me the hugest fucking headache 
 i just wanna go home and smoke some weed
 who wanna smoke
 im so bored  i wanna smoke
 i really just want to lay out insert the moonlight  smoke a blunt and listen to some new music
 when i take the pizza out of the oven and the smoke detector goes off 
 false  if you wanna smoke do your thing 
 rs dont take me no where with you if we ever smoke together   take my ass home 
 anyone wanna smoke with me later
 if you wanna smoke me out  thats fine. but me ask you to smoke me out nahhhh.
 im just gonna smoke amp stfu
 if she aint got ass i dont wanna smash  weed so good i wanna pass it  all i smoke is killer yo bitch look like thriller  its dolph
 need me a lul joint i can smoke wit n cool it
 @soundsbykrock just booked the session next week i got the smoke ready to go bruh
 once i smoke this blunt ima forget about cha
 l o l weed 
 who told me it was a good idea to smoke an eat while doing homework  im ready to go to bed now
 whether its weed or puttin in work fuck it then im ridin
 anyone wanna get smoked out  gotta have a whip tho
 if i cant smoke to it  i dont wanna listen to it
 call me when you wanna smoke a fatty
 come lay up with me and smoke this dope  i wanna fuck to this new uzi 
 i just wanna be home so i can smoke and fuck my sexy ass bf
 i wanna smoke so much the ash fall on me  lmao
 everytime i get off work i just wanna chill and smoke but gotta get my fat ass into the gym
 now lets take hemp trees off the list and start planting trillions of them instead of pines you cant eat pines bu 
 fuck with me amp get smoked or fuck with me amp smoke too.
 eat  shower  smoke while i get my feet rubbed  sleep. goodnight.
 i just wanna sit outside with someone and chain smoke and talk about life
 cant wait to get my medical marijuana card 
 bucket list smoke a blunt or joint with kevin and jeff from @hippiesabotage when i go to their show in march
 @vodkagawd @strangekeith i cant wait to read the stories by people i didnt like in high school while i smoke a fat blunt in my rolls.
 all i smoke is ls
 i just want a weed dealer thats gonna lick my pussy
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do
 @ewilylol why smoke it when i can eat it
 i fuck wit weed more than people
 the doctor said stay away from drugs but my ass is gonna go smoke this blunnnnntyy aha
 i cant wait to freely smoke in my room in the comfort of my own bed
 anyone wanna smoke a dutch ill roll it
 lol as soon as i can smoke im buying myself a dab rig and im so excited
 she wanna sip lean and she wanna smoke dope now
 i wanna carry a lighter but i have no reason to... i dont smoke cigarettes or weed bc i have weak babby lungs
 you only ask to chill to smoke amp its a bummer  why cant we go for a walk or some adventurous shithml though
 wanna smoke but i dont feel like rolling
 @amethystsky im always down to smoke a bowl or 7 
 wanna smoke amp vibe with hella followers
 i cant wait to be able to smoke and fuck again  jfc
 just tryna smoke this blunt in a warm environment 
 gonna listen to sad music amp not smoke a joint
 just casually rolling a blunt on my desk and my hamster pick up a piece  of weed and started eating it. he wanna get high
 i be bored as hell at night thats why i just smoke till im sleep
 wanna go for a drive and smoke this blunt...buuut my headlight and brake light are out 
 hmmm smoke   cuddle   and ... 
 black girls always wanna smoke
 i guess im just gonna bump and smoke all alone to sleep tonight
 in alot of pain  bout to smoke myself dumb then go to bed 
 i packed this bowl for two and i wanna smoke with youuuuu
 smoke  grind  grind  grind  eat and grind at the same time  smoke  netflix and chill  eat  sleep  wake up  shit  go back to sleep  repeat
 do i want to smoke this blunt tonight
 i just wanna smoke fuck ampamp chill
 my sister randomly hands me a blunt and told me to go order in n out and smoke  by myself 
 smoke somewhere scenic  get some bomb ass food  smoke some more  watch something and chill lol. not extravagant but 
 i dont want to be put on all these medications... i just wanna be able to smoke 
 wish i brought my pen because i wanna smoke..  ....need
 some girls at the show thought they gonna get smoked out cause they cute i was like nah it dont work like that ima need that joint back
 ready smoke this blunt then ko
 all i do is smoke fuck and thrash nigga
 i wanna ride with you   chill   conversate   and blow this weed
 fuck around and get smoked suhwoop 
 i just wanna smoke cigarettes and drive fast cars until one of those things kill me
 i just wanna smoke and chill with you.
 i always wanna smoke and match up at night lol
 just wanna kickback n smoke a blunt witchu
 all females wanna do is smoke wanna fit in wanna be slim thick so bad wanna be bad amp bouje so bad but aint got shit going for yall selves
 who sell weed in htx
 lets smoke a blunt or two... ill smoke a blunt and then cuddle you.
 honestly truly i just need to smoke some n comme des fuck down
 i cant sleep if i dont smoke
 cant sleep  looks like ill smoke anotha one
 i just want a blunt to smoke with.
 so who in ft worthazle area wanna smoke when i get there
 not gonna speak on the amount of weed i smoked this weekend
 i just wanna chill and smoke with somebody  but its late and you probably have work in the morning.
 im trynna smoke a blunt to the neck amp ko
 @hampy911 dont you have some nugs of weed to go eat or something
 36 hours till i can smoke a blunt again but whos counting 
 who can get the pussy quicker these days still straight with weed amp the liquor these days
 so no one wanna smoke
 lemme go smoke my daily 1 a.m blunt
 im lazy to get up and smoke
 im sleepy as fuck... but this blunt aint gon smoke itself  so.
 hella threw up right now but i wanted to go smoke hookah 
 just smoked a bowl  just got off work  did nice ass hours  ready af for la
 im about to smoke my blunt amp ko
 i wanna smoke with new people 
 chugged half amp beer then smoked a bowl  amp im working a double with no sleep.
 i just wanna smoke a bleez in the bath right nowwwww uu dig
 talking about tryna smoke nooooo you see what time it is  go tf to bed
 just wanna smoke a bowl or 2 3 4
 im gonna smoke you out
 the fact that i used to smoke cigs makes me wanna puke
 i swear weed gives me insomnia
 i just wanna meet @justicesmami  smoke one with her  and make her bae
 ijws i just wanna smoke
 i legit cant wait till the day im able to smoke again. im gonna have a huge sesh party just for it. ill probably die...
 the most difficult decision i face these days is whether or not i wanna smoke a blunt or 2 or get faced with my bongs
 cuddles w my boo  disneyland  weed  sex.... the list goes on  
 its tooooo early to smoke this blunt with anyone 
 i cant wait to home amp smoke a fat ass blunt 
 im bout to get up  take a shower  clean up  smoke a blunt and start making beats by 8 am
 i wanna man i can drink champagne smoke and sit in the jacuzzi with
 im up and probably cant go back to sleep i should smoke of slagging
 im up and probably cant go back to sleep i should smoke or something
 twin wake up tb you tryna smoke girl im tryna drink my coffee 
 nobody believes in wake n bakes no more i prolly smoked 10 facials with in these 2 days im tryna cyph today with heads
 dude clocks in at ihop  smokes a cig  smokes a bowl  smokes a cig. goes inside  comes back out and smokes another cig and then maybe works.
 aside from a leaf or wood. java the only rello i smoke.
 everybody wanna smoke now smh followers
 wanna smoke my life away... thats my mood this morning
 @brownsenpai vro you woke  i wanna smoke bc i wanna commit sluice and dye 
 @aaomi wanna smoke 
 i just wanna fuck i just wanna smoke my blunt
 no ones home  but these smoke detectors are listening 
 cant smoke anywhere on the entire property of the job im on today. i might die.
 i wanna smoke
 wake up  smoke  go about my business
 just wanna get coffee and smoke a bowl with a girlfriend but my only gf is at school and no one else wants to 
 after these 2 classes i just wanna smoke and go to sleep man im so tir d i stayed up till 3 am doing hw
 whos tryna smoke and go eat
 @jasminespahr makin me wanna smokeeeee
 @jasminespahr makin me wanna smokeeeee
 everybody wanna sell weed now  get a new hustle please 
 i wanna smoke a l and get breakfast
 ima smoke this blunt ampi forget the spoilers
 roll up my weed... 
 do i wanna leave n get food or just smoke or take a quick lil nap 
 yeah great idea donald let mentally ill people walk around with guns but dont let sane people smoke a joint. could you lay off my wine tho
 i wanna smoke a bowl but im so lazy
 when they wait for you to get out of class to smoke gtgt 
 whos up  i wanna smoke
 is not even 1030am and i already need to smoke a bowl
 mannn i cant wait to get off so i could smoke and enjoy my day off tomorrow
 wanna lay up  smoke and watch movies all day 
 no lie   i wanna smoke a blunt so bad lmbo .. its been way too long 
 niggas wanna hit everybody l in the lawrencevilledacula radius and expect ppl not to say all you do is hit niggas when u wanna smoke 
 im just in the mood to smoke and listen to some raw music. @thetipsyhippy you ready
 im such an introvert. all i ever wanna do is smoke  watch moviesnetflix  amp chill in the crib.
 i roll it up and i smoke it all 
 one of my dads og friends comes down to visit amp all he smokes is dab  wax or shatter. im gonna be dumb high 
 if i smoke this blunt  im gon forget u
 we about to smoke  nap cause we literally got no sleep lastnight amp go to the mall
 we about to smoke  nap cause we literally got no sleep lastnight amp go to the mall
 we about to smoke  nap cause we literally got no sleep lastnight amp go to the mall
 smoke  eat then smoke again
 ill just smoke this blunt and forget about u
 i wanna smoke
 all i wanna know is can we smoke @ codenolav
 all i wanna know is can we smoke at codenola
 @freddysusa holy smokes  yay i cant wait to go
 fuck around and get smoked 
 takes me more time to split the blunt and break down the weed than it does to roll it up lol 
 i wanna smoke but i dont feel like rolling up 
 since im sick  im gonna take the opportunity to smoke some weed and brainstorm on paper. got some brilliant ideas.
 ready smoke amp eat 
 i just wanna smoke dope and get my lean on
 i want to smoke a joint w seth troxler.
 once youre up... take the cliproach you left from the night before and smoke that too... once that kicks in youll be able to function
 was gonna come home and smoke the rest of my blunt from last night but unfortunately somebody already fucking smoked it...
 im gonna eat dinner  smoke weed  lie in a scalding hot bath and listen to boards of canada
 mane i just wanna smoke fuck amp chill...... freakyfriday
 its been a horrible week i just want to go home and smoke
 girl smoke ya weeed in the tub  two birds one stone 
 you kno im bored when i didnt smoke all day cus i dont wanna be high alone 
 but wait whos tryna go to the smokers club 420 
 smoked hella weed this weekend. now im tryna be sober again ... lol hope it works .
 on of these days im trynna go on a vacation with just my bae amp hella weed.
 if you fuck around with them fuck arounds you go fuck around amp get smoked nigga.
 im gonna smoke my dad out just wait on it
 kinda wanna smoke  kinda wanna rollover and die...  decisions
 @kingjayyyy thats my girl. im gonna smoke her up soon.
 you wanna shut down weed dispensaries in colorado  thats your business. i prefer local control. 
 bc i smoke that means i dont wanna do nothing with my life 
 i wanna get on a smoke track wit @richie rich westup
 fuck i really needed to smoke a cig just then
 i dont wanna smoke this joint alone lol.
 i jus smoked a blunt w. yo girlfriend 
 yall go white ahead and smoke this 
 fuck around and get smoked
 now fina go wash my dick off an smoke a fat ass blunt
 touch what you loveeveryday  eat it  might not be able smoke it or whatever lol 
 15 minutes till i can go home and smoke a fat l
 fuck we already need to mow and weed eat
 theres basically smoke coming through the vents in my apartment because the people upstairs are smoking so much weed... i cant wait to move
 someone made the conscious decision to smoke a blunt amp jack off before work before they  knowing knowing they had 30 min to get to work
 if my bestfriend really smoke this blunt without me in the parking lot im gonna run out swinging
 cannot wait 2 get home and smoke this l
 i cant wait to get home and smoke a couple blunts 
 broken clouds gt smoke temperature down 78f gt 77f wind 19mph gt 10mph
 and last but not least... i wanna smoke a blunt wuth beyonc
 check out our pre roll selection we just got in the new lowell smokes  10 joints 6 grams
 lowkey dont trustknow anybody enough in kzoo to buy some smoke so ill hold my horses until friday when i get to lansing 
 its a beautiful day.. wanna go to a park n smoke
 just wanna smoke and eat with my babyyy
 when i get off work all i be wanting to do is smoke and go to bed .
 i just wanna smoke mad weed  listen to music  and forget how im feeling rn.
 i just wanna smoke 
 @jasoninthehouse what about the va what about all the vets who cant get the jobs they wouldve dont blow smoke  doyourjob 
 tryna smoke a blunt rn
 oh but if its to go roll and smoke you get up faster huh  why my gma do me like that
 get up smoke.. go to school come home smoke
 damn i just woke up from the highest weed nap 
 before i die i wanna smoke a j with @wizkhalifa
 if i smoke this blunt girl im go forget you
 i really wanna smoke a blunt but i have to go outside and i dont wanna put on pants 
 anyone want to go get some ramen and smoke a few blunts 
 so i need a model by tomorrow. cause i wanna do some shots with these smoke balls im gonna get from walmart. this 
 screw it ima buy me sum smokes n go by myself n eat ice cream
 i wanna smoke but this taking too long 
 i cant wait to smoke a full cigarette. 
 finally off work now i can chill amp smoke
 now im gonna go smoke a bowl and chill before i end up doing something stupid like getting on a plane to go there now.
 this job make you wanna smoke a p
 they probably just smoked a blunt before  all of that too 
 i cant wait to go home   smoke a blunt amp get my booty rubbed on.
 if you wanna come ride then lets ride if you wanna come smoke then lets smoke  if you wanna come drank then lets drank  
 @cheechandchong as for me and my house we will smoke the weed  is that bout how it goes
 cant wait to go home and smokeeeee
 @drejaquan down the street wanna smoke
 monday tried to take me out back today. strain  not sprain. smoke alarm goes off while nobody is 
 i wanna smoke so many dabs i become a mute
 just roll me up and smoke me when i die 
 does anyone wanna smoke
 current weather in lehigh acres smoke  73f 43 humidity  wind 16mph  pressure 1024mb
 current weather in naples smoke  73f 53 humidity  wind 16mph  pressure 1024mb
 i wanna get high but im not a smoker 
 calll a load of smoke in i wanna disappear for days
 had them both  while contemplating how unproductive i am. im gonna keep that thought in mind as i smoke another bowl.
 me im gonna quit smoking weed. my addiction 
 @stayyg0lden yeah i want too then i wanna smoke even tho i shouldnt 
 everybody wanna be a weed man now 
 the best smoke weather
 i wanna smoke a fat ass blunt and eat some pizza 
 wanna smoke  
 i j wanna smoke this blunt 
 maybe i should just smoke a bowl. maybe thatll make everything go away. me  after crying about life with the bestie.
 who wanna smoke
 you need to let me smoke you out tomorrow my g 
 feeling you wanna smoke  but dont feel like rolling up
 fuck around get smoked
 i need a blunt but i cant fucking smoke 
 when you leave your pen and bowl at home so no after workout smokes 
 i do not want to fuc  i mean thatd be a bonus . i jus wanna smoke tho 
 ion wanna drank baby i just wanna smoke
 i cant wait to smoke hella blunts at sp
 sonia came over to smoke a blunt and go get ice cream for my sick ass 
 kinda wanna smoke blunts and go do the get out challenge in walmart target staples mcdonalds wawa anywhere  really
 go to sleep dad so i can go smoke in the back yard
 i need our house guests to fucking leave so i can smoke and go to bed 
 so ready to lay in the bed with my baby and smoke and listen to her tell me about her day 
 i wanna start shameless but i never heard of weeds  
 nigga aint smoke not one blunt today 
 since my only friends are in philly ima smoke a fat blunt and go see logan again tonight 
 im gonna miss weed
 cant wait to go home amp smoke a fat ass blunt. its been such a long day 
 just wanna smoke trees and have good conversation
 scattered clouds gt smoke temperature down 71f gt 57f humidity up 14 gt 15 wind 36mph gt 26mph
 who wanna smoke when i get off 
 i wanna smoke
 yeah so who tryn come smoke with me 
 wanna smoke a blunt.
 i actually wanna smoke and go back to sleep.
 but instead imma smoke another blunt
 all i wanna do is smoke a blunt
 just tryna smoke a blunt or 5 and chill
 imma go smoke a blunt now 
 i am so damn tired but cant fall back go sleep because i absolutely hate the smell of smoke 
 the bong rip jus smacked me in the face wit its smoke chinela
 to smoke a blunt or dabs
 i might miss you  but watch me smoke this blunt amp forget you
 finna smoke these woods and get my shit ready for work
 ion deal w nobody till i smoke my blunt
 what the fucking fuck im bout to smoke all my weed 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and go to bed. fuck today man.
 tryna smoke a fat one after work  need
 when u tryin to inhale peace and exhale joy on your walk home from work but u inhale some secondhand smoke instead
 dont go to college if youre gonna half ass it. just keep staying at home working your shitty job and smokin shitty weed.
 its a sad life when youre out of weed 
 its gonna smoke me first 
 girls who smoke  lmao fuck outta here with all that
 im gonna smoke marlboro reds and drink champagne
 i think about gray around this time. he always called me after work  but i smoke a blunt then im good
 about to roll the fattest blunt and smoke it by myself bc i am sad
 gonna go smoke  i hope a tornado takes me away from all of my responsibilities and problems. 
 let me just gon head and smoke this blunt
 shameless makes me wanna smoke but i dont wanna smoke
 let me go smoke a cigarette 
 had the type of day that i need to get drunk and smoke a blunt 
 but i cant wait for mike to come home so we can watch shows and smoke weed
 can get a dog certified as an emotion support animal to fly on a plane wyou for under 100  but i cant smoke weed in the bathroom foh..
 this a smoke a blunt and be laid up type of weather 
 got drunk and decided were gonna smoke a cigar
 if you smoke flavored blunts around me im gonna break em 
 after work  i smoke a blunt amp recuperate
 im so ready to go home and smoke a blunt
 i cant wait to go home   smoke and watch my ratchet shows . i made sure that i wouldnt miss any of the tea  
 i just wanna spend some time with ya  smoke some good weed with ya   and have some bomb sex with ya 
 about to smoke this blunt amp ko. i have a long day tomorrow 
 the people voted for marijuana  and ever since weve done nothing but kick the snot out of it but enjoy the tax money that comes from it.
 my plan was to get off work and smoke a blunt on the porch because the weather was so nice then i get out the shower nd its fucking snowing
 wanna smoke a blunt n watch a movie wit my boo
 like  whats next  whats that  whats up. i just wanna chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 lets go smoke 
 one of my new tactics for weeding out intern candidates is to investigate their spotify listening habits. cant have bad music in the office
 hate that i cant sleep unless i smoke 
 doesnt seem like parkers gonna smoke tonight but maybe sam will when he gets home.
 i just wanna smoke but the plugs out. i hate life so much rn.
 lets lay down together amp smoke some bowls
 smh it would be better if i could smoke but i dont wanna risk it 
 commissioners now discussion future of 420 protest at sunset beach and  not gonna lie  the room smells more and more strongly of weed.
 i dont do shit but smoke weed  intern  volunteer  and occasionally go to class
 i cant even take a shower without my mom thinkin i smoked weed i walked out n she went sniffing around lmao i just wanna shower in peace
 tryna smoke a bowl or 2 
 after i smoke this blunt imma forget you
 the peace of being able to smoke under your own roof and in your own bed.  1love bless
 got to smoke before bed. feeling relaxed. sleep well. goodnight amp have good dreams
 if i get this job im fosho flying to la to hella go shopping at my uncles smoke shop bc their shit is liiiiiit 
 imma smoke n watch its always sunny all night lol
 i dont even wanna smoke weed no more 
 @viktornikiforof like expect to wait 30 mins to feel anything if u eat weed in edible form amp dont get impatient amp u will have a good time
 i juss wanna smoke
 i drive myself to 3 different cities  go to 2 schools   work  amp smoke tree everyday amp in that order ... tell me stoners are unproductive 
 wake up go to work get off work smoke eat sleep repeat . no time for drama
 it feels so good to come home and smoke a blunt after a long ass productive day 
 can jesse just smoke this blunt with me and kiss me all night 
 where do you go to school camanche oh so you wanna smoke ...... 
 bruh my birthday wish is to smoke a blunt w @beyonce
 i need someone to lay in bed and smoke hella blunts with
 palmillabeach pool is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 i dont even smoke and i wanna punch this bitch 
 2 am and i wanna smoke 
 alright lets go smoke this bowl amp cook eggs
 i have nobody to smoke this blunt w   im cryin.
 i just wanna smoke and cuddle 
 @blanketsaul @ucriverside congrats son. im so proud. gonna smoke a bowl in your honor tomorrow
 so im guessing all the weed mans are sleep
 but this new schedule im on could def use some tweaking....up at 7  run  work out  smoke too much  nap  work  drink too much  sleep. 
 i wanna be in maine  smoking weed topless on a heated boat deck  eating the fuck outta lobster stew
 aftergoodsexi smoke a fat blunt
 aftergoodsexi smoke weed
 aftergoodsexi smoke a cigarette
 life is too short to watch what you eat  and not drink or smoke or party.  fuck you boring hoes
 gonna smoke to get you out my head baby nothing bad just overwhelming how our days coming out 
 anyone wanna smoke some alcohol with me
 nvm. reasons why weed should remain a schedule one drug... go lol n
 the best smoke weather 
 dam we smoked a fat ass backwood and dabbed fat asf and had hella beer bro when i got home i shlumped tf out and just woke up for water
 i wanna meet people who would wanna smoke up but also wanna talk about the universe and creatism vs. realism and all that good shit
 wait a minute hold up its me  wait a minute roll up the weed
 current weather in lehigh acres smoke  63f 77 humidity  wind 8mph  pressure 1025mb
 current weather in naples smoke  64f 93 humidity  wind 8mph  pressure 1024mb
 @audreysimoneee @manyvids can you smoke a blunt
 woke up just to smoke a l 
 just wanna go play my game smoke a blunt and say fuck everything else that would be all
 current weather in abilene smoke  48f 31 humidity  wind 10mph  pressure 1022mb
 honey its all good as long as its understood. no ass no gas no grass no ride. if i cant smoke it i cant poke it it better get my v8 strokin
 finna smoke me a nice ass bday blunt
 is it sad if i start smoking weed the moment i wake up
 i wanna smoke
 no smokes.. im gonna be a miserable fuck today.
 if i stay not smoking weed i guarantee i get fat again i eat 6 meals a day now
 gonna smoke a fat one and isolate myself from the retards of this world
 i just wanna smoke this blunt and go eat some pancakes
 aftergoodsexi smoke a blunt shakebackamp dive back in
 im horny with all this smoke
 do not talk to me in the morning until i smoke a bowl and have my coffee .
 go ahead and smoke this if you want to. youre gonna be real dead or in the hospital on some bull 
 all she really like to do is smoke amp fuck
 i wanna smoke but i have no money brokebitchprobs
  ur a sexy fuck we are chillen soon and gonna smoke a pound  my gf lt3333 
 lets smoke a blunt and forget about our problems 
 my maw wanna smoke hookah everyday now 
 aftergoodsexi smoke me a blunt 
 grandma said dont take weed to work like naw
 is it time to go home and smoke yet
 if i continue to becoming a chef i definitely wanna move to a legalized state and do all sorts of cannabis infused dishes
 let your smoke or vapour signals move the wind
 i just wanna smoke eat chocolate and get kisses
 so i got rescheduled to 420 amp i ask if i could get the 25th instead amp they gon tell me they giving all marijuana charges the 20th 
 my hammock came in and i cant wait to go hiking with it and pitch it up to smoke in while enjoying nature 
 my type of sext is im otw to get u so we can smoke eat amp watch a movie putaringonit yas
 i wanna get the whole 600 together for my bday this yr 2x amp smoke out we gotta turn up
 my face when i get off work and get to smoke a l  
 simeon gon smoke me out today   n im tryna hoop at la
 im honestly about to just smoke a fat ass bowl and sleep all day
 just wanna smoke blunts and watch shameless all day
 just trying smoke ls and get 
 i wanna smoke a blunt 
 you wanna know why the weather is more bipolar than yourself its trying to weed out the weak ones that cant handle living here
 i ride around in your car i put my weed in your blunt
 someone lets go to the beach and smoke
 i jus wanna smoke and drive all day  thats all
 @bowmanandarrow smoke a bowl
 haze gt smoke temperature up 38f gt 48f humidity up 31 gt 93 wind 8mph gt 9mph
 tryn smoke and hit ihop 
 take a rest day and smoke a blunt 
 i eat good when iont smoke
 i hate that shit like if i wanna smoke ill smoke on my own i dont need you to smoke me up and expect me to fuck u for a blunt lol
 hell i always wanna smoke period... 
 i just want a bed and breakfast  a cute little family and weed lol
 cause if me and my team in there  theres gonna be some weed in the air
 how you gonna be lazy amp sell weed amateurs
 i dont smoke at all but i wanna smoke gelato with @youngdolph  
 current weather in lehigh acres smoke  80f 47 humidity  wind 15mph  pressure 1025mb
 current weather in naples smoke  81f 44 humidity  wind 15mph  pressure 1025mb
 who wanna chill and smoke
 im bout to smoke this blunt just cause
 i needa get up outta here amp smoke this fat wood to the mit 
 split a swisher  roll a fatty imma smoke this and drive @geazy
 @yvonnbon honestly im trying to get out there before the sunrises so i can smoke a bowl and watch the sun come up.
 i work so few shifts these days i make more sellin weed than i do off my paychecks
 my new po so fuckin fine omg no more marijuana for me pls i wanna keep seein this one
 to get something to eat or smoke some
 who over east im on a hour break and. wanna smoke
 roll up  smoke  eat  take a shower  and then be out 
 you cant eat broccoli but you can smoke it 
 @nolocc when are we gonna smoke girlfriend
 sign into class  go home and smoke then gym
 had an asthma attack this morning but i still wanna smoke this blunt. 
 work 117  excision tonight  work 118 or 9 tomorrow and then ganja white night... this is how i die.
 down af to smoke some bowls and then go to ihop
 all i do is smoke blunts and dab all day. 
 im depressed i hate life im going to kill myself  my boyfriend is to good for me this is my last time being on earth . smoke weed get 
 i dont wanna be at work i wanna be a little bitch and smoke with my boyfriend all day
 been working since 1230am now im bout to smoke up fat
 happy bday to my right hand man @killacos69 we have come a long way my g  much love to u and im gonna smoke one fo 
 i always roll me a blunt on my lunch break so when i get off work i can just chill amp smoke
 honestly kinda really wanna cry cause college but im gonna smoke this blunt first
 @sonnywesson i see your home. smoke a l for me
 wasnt gonna smoke before work but oh whale
 eeee yay my class is canceled so i get to smoke till i go to work 
 finna smoke this pressure and eat me some chicken tenders from popeyes.. 
 i always fall asleep telling myself that i wont get high the next morning and then morning rolls around and my first thought is weed.
 now smoke a bowl 
 im going to smoke the fattest blunt tomorrow morning
 gotta smoke a blunt every morning jus to start my day
 someone smoke a blunt with me amp then lets get free pancakes at ihop 
 my mom just ask do i wanna smoke lord
 i dont even wanna deal with weed no more
 just wanna smoke a blunt n die
 @trentcox23 bro time cox you wanna smoke some gbs and watch dragon ball z bros college goku
 smell all gas on me thats sad aint smoke since this morning
 might just smoke a blizzy and lay on the beach when i get off 
 all i do is smoke  sleep  go to class amp do them bs assignments that teachers give and they barely teach ...
 syd need to hurry up so i can smoke and go smack out 
 i just wanna smoke a blunt amp do my makeup
 i honestly hope i dont get fucking swarmed when i get home. im just tryna smoke an l wit one person or by myself
 im about to go home amp smoke myself silly  if u wanna join  come on
 fuck what yall depressed about  im finna smoke
 go smoke a blunt about it bitch
 dead makes me want to smoke a blunt w the boys 
 i cannot wait to get home and smoke  in about 9 fucking hours...
 i wanna know how many people are gonna start shoving weed up their ass  
 i smoke  to i go to sleep
 so fuck needles  fuck smoke  fuck lines that make the sinus choke
 i wanna get a telly to just relax and smoke a lot in  get in the jacuzzi  hm
 on a happier note  clinical trial to treat veterans with ptsd with cannabis is underway so that shit is dank 
 i cant take it nomore i got to smoke fuck it
 i hate leaving my homes to smoke because then i cant smoke shirtlessshoeless u digg
 im trying to smoke once i get home.
 guess ill smoke amp go get food.
 this twitter shit aint nun . who wanna link up amp smoke 
 we moved to my current home in hickory in 2004. it was 28 acres of woods  weeds  wildflowers and 
 i miss being able on the back porch and smoke a blunt and go back in the house and make love like ive never before
 im here one more hour  cant wait to smoke i didnt get a chance this morning before work
 i wanna do a road trip w like 3 friends asap just smoke and explore
 free pre roll leave us a review on our weedmaps page amp receive a free pre roll for your next order greenapplenm 
 jus tryna smoke some blunts and eat my shorty all day
 you know your boss smokes when she says  we are gonna be best buds after admitting i had a cannabis card in cali.
 we have a few openings thisafternoon for anyone looking to renew or get a medical marijuana recommendation  card. malibu losangeles la
 you really ever thought damn i cant wait to go home and smoke this blunt
 i jus did 2 hours in the gym im a smoke the fattest blunt bro
 roll it up roll it up  roll it up i get the weed and i break it up i get the wood and i roll it up i get the bong and i heat it up
 your weed gonna taste like bikini bottom from now on 
 current weather in lehigh acres smoke  77f 53 humidity  wind 11mph  pressure 1024mb
 @mntanaa what day you wanna go friday or saturday im tryna get dumb drunk there cuz i cant smoke weed
 current weather in naples smoke  77f 57 humidity  wind 10mph  pressure 1023mb
 have a headache. wanna smoke 
 im just about to smoke this blunt amp read this book until i get a call 
 i wanna smoke and chill
 i just wanna smoke and have an intellectual talk about school  aliens  chakras  and hood codes.
 just wanna smoke..
 try our smoked pastrami on your next reuben  no doubt pastrami reuben pinestreetmarket @ 
 if you drink  you die. if you smoke  you die. if you live  you die. were all gonna die someday so just do whatcha want 
 this weather just makes me want to smoke a blunt.
 who wanna match or just smoke.. lol
 all i ever wanna do when im home is sit in my car and smoke lol
 i just wanna smoke a blunt then hoop.
 finna go lay up with my girl and smoke loud. she wanna know if we getting that kiss 4 tonight @kcamp427. come on slum help me hit
 bestlifehacks smoke two joints in the morning
 my weed guy wanna know a fact your brain  your tongue  your eyes... all muscles. theyre all muscles   yeah...u got it  pal. news to me.
 i cant wait to get home smoke and eat my cramps killing me 
 let me just go smoke a blunt amp mind my business 
 cant wait to smoke
 tomorrow is my birthday and i really just wanna smoke a bowl in my underwear with my boyfriend  @majorpayne412
 anybody wanna smoke and have a drink
 i wanna drink whiskey amp smoke a blunt w. a xan crushed in it . 
 if anyone tryna do fun things like go makeup shopping  smoke blunts  and eat some panera with me on consistent basis lmk we can be friends
 you know what sucks when hes asleep and i whisper to jen imma go smoke a cig and thats the only thing that wakes him up
 so my dad wants to go watch logan   but im going to tell him the only way ill go if is he smokes a blunt before
 i wanna smoke a fat wood w @scottiekash 
 roll it up and smoke a joint with u
 relationships are fucking whack they make me wanna smoke some crack @fidlar
 so i dont smoke right my girlfriend just got me to eat a fucking edible. im gonna die. 
 honestly im just trying to smoke this blunt amp chill
 @thenudequeen pop two xans  smoke a blunt or two. thats all you need
 he say he want smoke i wanna fuck his sister
 i wanna smoke rn and really experience this breakthrough 
 i just wanna smoke amp gts 
 chase amp i just wanna smoke amp eat
 only trash weed makes me wanna stop smoking.
 said she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 and if i go down in flames  the smoke gonna spell my name
 just gonna smoke my blunt nd finish my beer
 when you smoke out your homie and he dont get u back when your out... haha thats not how it goes man.  i see you.
 wanna smoke this tree down to an acid yea
 smoke your own weed nobody gon share they duchess
 amp if i smoke this blunt shawty im gon forget you 
 amp if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you 
  you sure they didnt wanna fuck the man regardless of the weed the weed could just be an added bonus before the 
 i wanna go to the beach take a bunch of blankets and smoke a blunt
 ima smoke blunt after blunt @ the golden gate bridge
 this customer at work literally asked me if i knew where he could get any weed around there ... 
 about to go to the beach to smoke a couple joints and blunts 
 someone scoop and smoke this blunt with me
 just need to smoke a huge blunt rn. 
 when you dont smoke for 4 days and take one bowl hit and are immediately cooked
 boutta smoke a fat l  i deserve that shit 
 hella smoke moves tn 
 i wanna date a girl that smokes 
 let that weed go and watch yo pockets fluctuated.. unless you the weed man its pointless
 wanna smoke msgs are my fav
 all i do is work smoke and sleep
 niggas wanna lie and say they never smoked 
 unless youre telling me to smoke a blunt or eat some food... dont talk to me
 kinda wanna smoke.. kinda just want to vent 
 anyone wanna come thru and smoke a blunt
 i wanna smoke like 5 blunts rn
 now all you go is lay up in bed and smoke some boo boo weed
 i smoked my last blunt this morning and all i got left is a bowl.. this blows
 might by a pound fa myself jus to smoke it up
 just gonna smoke n knock out cause thats the only way we dont argue
 f around and get smoked
 have so much hw  when all i wanna do is smoke amp go to the movies 
 i just want to smoke this l and watch some luscious
 i just wanna smoke amp errbody playin amp im finna curse 
 bruh i really cant wait until i move just for the fact that ill be able to smoke in bed
 im hungry and i wanna smoke weed
 i could text this nigga hey so im having a really bad day and i kinda wanna see you blah blah so come over and lets get dinner and smoke
 bouta smoke the rest of my bud amp startva cleanse 
 shawty wanna get cuffed i aint into that stuff i rather smoke dope
 bout to smokeeeeee
 about to smoke these blunts and go df to sleep
 you feel me meet up   smoke   and go out to eat with.
 otc if we were to go on a date we gon smoke and do fun shit
 bout to smoke and take my ass to bed
 gonna smoke this jay and watch ants with the family
 cant wait to just done some homework and smoke this blunt
 i wanna smokeee
 i wanna text you telling you how much i love and miss you but instead im gonna smoke a blunt and drink some vodka
 @bluenightbird    by the way.. i smoke  drink and eat poorly... leave us alone   lol
 bro why do you wanna be a copso i can smoke for free hahahaha
 lol im so ready to see my man face and eat and smoke and sleep and get my feet rubbed
 cypress hill  snoop dogg and wiz are gonna be in the same lineup...ik its never happened before but someone gonna od on weed
 everyone smokes at jacinto park l
 when i die please just play the vine of the little girl crying while saying i wanna smoke weed on replay
 i just wanna smoke a blunt and tell you what i been threw shawty
 i should probably stop drinking so much.. lol gonna go home soon hopefully and smoke
 i really just wanna smoke and watch will ferrel movies and not type this fuckin paper 
 @affanimran smoke 2 joints  drink 8 pints and then get back to me imran
 im just tryna smoke amp eat some good ass food
 i cant decide if i wanna smoke n listen to music and be sad or smoke and watch netflix and be sad
 i really wanna smoke hookah rn 
 i just wanna get cheese amp smoke green with my guys 
 she just wanna smoke and fuck i said girl  thats all that we do.
 really wanna go to smokers club especially cuz flatbush going be there
 after smoke this joint gonna sleep
 i just wanna produce music and smoke weed with my friends
 gonna just smoke and drink my anger away 
 i love you lets smoke and cuddle byeeeee  
 i love you lets smoke and cuddle byeeeee  
 jason  lay off the weed 
 wish i wouldna never smoked that blunt on that bus in that lot back in the day .
 just wanna smoke and fuck
 i really wanna smoke a blunt but i aint trynna go outside
 just wanna smoke 
 dam my car still smells like marijuana  my mom mas gonna kill me. gonna kill me
 i need to go to sleep got work early asf but ima stay up and smoke these blunts
 damn my car still smells like marijuana  my mom mas gonna kill me. gonna kill me
 damn my car still smells like marijuana  my mommas gonna kill me. gonna kill me
 i wanna smoke but i dont wanna let mandy down
 the let him hit the blunt  is even send bro home with some weed 
 just wanna smoke till i die
 @justinbieber im outside your crib bro come smoke this blunt with me
 all i wanna do is smoke with yaaaaa
 i just wanna smoke some more weed 
 she say she wanna roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 when you wanna smoke and cuddle but the person you want youre mad atltltltltltlt
 i wanna listen to the second half of nights while i smoke and all off the earth
 time to smoke  eat and chillax
 i wanna smoke but ion feel like goin thru the process
 if you ever wanna get me a gift get lipgloss  alkaline water or weed
 so i cant sleep  amp i wanna smoke a blunt. but i know if i do  ill get the munchies right after and wanna smoke again after i eat. 
 i wish we could fuck  smoke weed amp sleep all day. but i gotta get this money.. .
 she love to smoke n fuck
 my socials and weed really have to go though .
 cant wait to be in the land of good weed  in n out and liberals
 i jus wanna smoke my weed amp make my music .
 wake and smoke
 i love when people think im a slut and all i do is drink and smoke so cute.
 hailey literally just woke me up to smoke its fucking 439am but i aint trippen cause we bout to wake n bake gelato 
 yeah like chill out bih smoke a blunt 
 wish i woke up earlier so i could smoke a blunt before work
 cant wait to go home and smoke a blunt
 yesterday makes me not wanna smoke like at all man
 maybe this weed will help me go back to sleep 
 wake up let shawty take a shot of don julio  smoke the j while the sun come up then get to the 
 my lil patna just wanna smoke a nigga @bmrvldeckbmgdte
 well back to being annoyed and hungry all day. cant smoke hookah  too 
 toyotaofboerne is nowplaying smoke break by carrieunderwood cubevenue
 cuh its too cold to go smoke rn im solid in my cobija
 i fell asleep with the rest of my weed on my bed. im hurt.
 i only fuck wit weed. @1vldecks8bmg 
 i think im gonna smoke tonight cuz i cant wait any longer
 babygirl just wanna smoke a pound
 gonna smoke my life away today
 sorghumglazed smoked pork belly recipe coming soon to  
 i just wanna chill  vent and smoke blunts.
 how long do people wait to smoke after their wisdom teeth have been removed because mine were done yesterday and i want a blunt 
 now that my morning went from a 10 to a 0  im just gonna smoke this l in peace
 if you need some pressure i got the best weed man  im going back to sleep bye
  if you eat coochie one day  sucking balls the next no you cant smoke with me bitch that nastyyy
 i just wanna smoke a square right now just got up frfr...
 i just wanna smoke the gas and lay up
 im just tryna drink some iced coffee and smoke a blunt rn
 im high key sad im leavin la  imma miss the weed 
 lmao fuck everyone time to smoke a fat bowl
 @elliotkort nice ill pass that along. cider will be a smokestack release in november.
 need a man i can smoke amp lay low wit 
 i just wanna smoke unlimited weed and stack unlimited cash with my niggas
 go to sleep. smoke. go back to sleep.
 drink  smoke  vibe  fuck  chill  drive  talk  think about it.
 lets smoke a blunt while listening to gates and talk about our problems ma
 ride around n smoke all day youratrashcan
 i just wanna cuddle and smoke and watch tv and listen to music all day.... wow paradise
 smoke weed and listen to jazz in the am
 i need a girl to roll the blunt to smoke with me i need a girl to make all this shit easy
 during his talk you could see peoples eyes growing to the size of whales eyes  and smoke coming out of their ears. 
 acid rap makes me wanna chain smoke newports
 setting some rules for this house and smoking because i do not wanna breathe in cig smoke while im trying to quit it defeats the purpose
 i jus wana xount bands. n smoke dope
 that smoke sum amp lay up wit your baby girl type song 
 smokin an l .......never forget to smoke an l 
 wow  i tell you sumthin there  folk.  its a wind advisory  that wind is a whippin out there so watch it  dont get whacked with a weed whip
 i cant wait to go home and smoke a blunt
 my cat was just sleeping on my chest while i smoked a bowl lmao lifes good
 these stupid cunts are pissing me off they know absolutely nothing about weed besides its gonna kill you bitch life is gonna kill you
 ew i just noticed someone texted me last night like lets leave and go smoke hookah i dont smoke hookah
 im teaching this welding class and all i wanna do is smoke a blunt lmao
 ehh whatever. he see it or he dont lol gonna go smoke and finish this beat tho zen 
 getting home to my weed  
 gonna smoke weed and listen to king crimson today
 go smoke 
 current weather in lehigh acres smoke  81f 50 humidity  wind 8mph  pressure 1025mb
 current weather in naples smoke  81f 48 humidity  wind 9mph  pressure 1025mb
 i just wanna wake amp bake  but two things.. 1. i dont have a dutch and  2. i dont wanna smoke alone for once
 take another dab blow the smoke out like its hookah
 and finally out of work get to go home and smoke a good one to the dome
 i just wanna go home  smoke and drink to myself. i feel like ive already had my night of fun but tonight is another round hehehe
 all i ever do is smoke alone match a fuckin blunt 
 i cant even frunt tho  all i wanna smoke rn is a blunt lolol
 listen  90 percent of these college guys are gonna spend it on tats  weed  kicks  xboxes  beer and swag. 
 jus gon roll this weed.
 i smoke that gas outta blunt  i get whatever i want
 how many cigs do you have to smoke in one go to fuckin die lol
 only when they get to say we gonna smoke em outta their holes 
 i roll it up and i smoke it all
 i finished and i still wanna smoke some weed gt 
 @tyroneeee nah i dont fuck with bagels  fuckin i got some bud if you tryna smoke in an hour or so blunt blunt
 @prodbycwills when are we gonna smoke homie
 wanna smoke an l somewhere dope
 i just wanna smoke a blunt 
 thats exactly why i wanna smoke again  
 i wanna smoke
 bout to work on this music and fire up some weed wit @screwmaneflame
 i just wanna smoke and fuck.
 so thats what big worm meant when he said he aint wanna have to fuck smokey up
 can yall imagine the smoke session between @nbcthevoices judges @adamlevine @blakeshelton @gwenstefani @aliciakeys.... hahaha
 bouta smoke amp get back in bed 
 cant wait to see chlo tn i get to smoke with her for da first time out of these 801 years weve known each other 
 about to smoke a fat ass blunt and chill at somebody pool
 who wanna smoke
 work  sleep  school  smoke  die repeat
 someone smoke an l
 just got home from work im tryna smoke a dutch 
 was so frustrated in my first class i had to go to my car to smoke a bowl 
 chest full of smoke 
 i just wanna get around a whole room of different artists and just smoke some dope create beautiful music and vibe out.
 kinda wanna smoke..
 i just wanna chill drink smoke fuck
 ready to go home smoke and relax . im tired af
 ion wanna get my tooth pulled but dis bih gotta go  imma just go friday amp get it ova now how many days or hours i gotta wait 2 smoke
 and smoke a blunt or two ...
 nice day to smoke a blunt outside 
 i can not wait to just stay in and drink some wine and smoke some weed this weekend 
 i wish i could go back and say fuck jail and just smoke with you. 
 cant wait to go home and smoke 
 time to get ready so i could go home to smoke 
 bout to take my lunch smoke break
 my moms like u only gonna smoke on the weekends right..... mhmmmm@
 need to go home and smoke 
 you shouldnt drink pre workout and run. shut up brenda  go smoke another cigarette and fuck us all.
 i just wanna smoke with nate today and finish writing my short story thats the only goals im setting gotta aim low
 i just wanna smoke a blunt  stuff my face  and make some moves.
 i just need to smoke a fat bowl right now but i cant.  lord please help me get through the next 3 months without killing a bitch
 i just wanna sex  smoke and vibe
 the rig goes back to its owner today rip it was nice while it lasted but now im stuck with a gram of wax i cant smoke  
 i cant wait to smoke a mf blunt
 who wanna smoke when i get off tho
 ill smoke you out  eat you out  then take you out to eat.. bihh im so woke i aint eva sleep hahahahahahahaahahahahahah
 headed to colorado and gonna get some weed finally bout an 855mile drive for some shit 
 toke and eat a meal  smoke and jus chill   burn wit someone real .
 who in downtown wanna smoke and lmk
 that shit makes me wanna smoke a blunt so i can have some type of clarity lmao
 i swear ive already had the worst day and i get in the car to buy weed and my fucking 20 flys away into the wind
 time to smoke this blunt
 my life problem today  i hate him but im finna go smoke a blunt on the beach  
 ready to go home smoke and take a nap
 roll dat weed up n smoke it
 no fuck this hiding imma smoke a bowl  have a shower beer  and maybe go to the craft store i dont wanna spend another day in bed
 im just gonna lay in bed and smoke for the next 24 hours
 go smoke a dick you fucking cunt. 
 work and smoke
 she says she wanna roll with me and smoke up all of my weed 
 i wanna smoke weed and go to lunch
 i keep errthang neutral i jus wanna smoke a leaf 
 happy birthday @easymoneysnipe enjoy ya day and dont let anyone ruin it. were about to smoke the biggest blunt when i get back home
 im craving a blunt but i cant smoke them rn theyre too harsh on my throat 
 @maditattat wait........ do you smoke weed
 really wish i could just smoke a blunt but i cant 
 current weather in lehigh acres smoke  76f 60 humidity  wind 8mph  pressure 1023mb
 current weather in naples smoke  76f 78 humidity  wind 7mph  pressure 1023mb
 im tryna smoke a blunt  eat some good food and chilllll
 if u know me  i dont talk till the blunt get smoked
 go hardddddd or go home   @ north hempstead aquatic activity center in new hyde park  ny 
 roll up good weed 
 i wasnt going to get out the bed just to go down stairs because someone let smoke get to the fire sensor.
 @globkeg1 im off tomorrow we should smoke
 i wanna smoke so bad
 just wanna smoke a blunt so imma do so
 @norml whats up with this nhhouse bill marijuana decriminalized in nh
 or am i forced to smoke in my car
 @macvegas like yes lmao i have to break  down  roll  find lighter like its too much i just wanna smoke it 
 like im really lazy . i have weed and a shell and i dont feel like rolling up  but i wanna get high and watch a good movie
 i just wanna smoke one so can you roll up and pass it
 when your go to weed man is out of town ... 
 cant wait to get off and smoke the fattest blunt of my life 
 its been a long month and i just wanna smoke
 so do you wanna smoke or not 
 20718 smokey sage dr  katy  tx 77450  299 900 4 beds  2.5 baths 
 my grandma i know you girls smoke weed  im fat but im not stupid
 party  go out with friends  smoke a blunt or two  sometimes 3 if needed. 
 wanna play 2k but i wanna smoke
 mmmmmmmhm who wanna smoke
 really just wanna lay up smoke amp play the game 
 palmillabeach blackmarlin is nowplaying smokestacks by layla cubevenue
 @dragonflyjonez piss test him all you want  hes gonna smoke when hes ready
 @lordrockwell305 nah i wanna smoke imma pull up in a bit
 i wanna smoke so i can sleep but i dont like smoking wo kayla so like..... fuck my life lmfao
 when i send shells  no donatello you get smoked like purple @ fort leonard wood  missouri 
 no one wanna smoke rn  guess imma have to face this blunt and these dabs by myself den 
 fuck around wit them fuck arounds  amp you fuck around and get smoked
 shiprock tomorrow  who wanna smoke some 
 when you smoke it kills the eggs  your kids are gonna be retarded
 i wanna smoke with new people
 i never was that kid that said  ill never smoke   been the type to be all like  i wanna get high as fuck 
 i just want to go home and smoke some bowls. then take a fat dab week is going by fast 
 or smoke a blunt 
 i can wait to have this much weed 
 my money goes to weed  gas and food
 just wanna smoke ..
 i cant smoke in on trial 
 never smoke a blunt with that bitch again
 i really just wanna smoke
 cant wait to smoke a blunt after work and not gaf
 im tryna get off of work and smoke a fat ass backwood
 im 38 hot rn im just gonna smoke and go to sleep before i flip shit on somebody 
 if a bad btch roll them for me ill smoke em. lol we gonna get high 
 i could go the rest of my life without talking to anyone who smokes cigarettes. 
 me im just gonna take a nicely timed bath  have a couple glasses of wine  smoke a bowl  watch some broad city a 
 usa model new immigration laws after cannabis why not model health care after canadas corporate shareholder thieves 30 billion profit
 my supervisor always says the faster i load the faster i get to leave and smoke a blunt to motivate me
 i need a girl to roll the blunt  to smoke with me 
 i just wanna smoke shower and go to bed
 sometimes i wanna give in to weed and smoke peer pressure
 i just wanna smoke some weeed
 she just wanna smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do
 i dont even smoke but ill ash some kind of blunt on ppls opinions. be gone w the wind  
 wanna smoke  
 who wanna smoke and be productive rn
 i can wait to smoke weed and sleep for the next 12 hours
 on a work trip but lemme go smoke a solo blunt and buy snacks at the 711
 take a shower smoke a blunt then chill amp enjoy my high
 i just wanna sit on the beach  smoke a sweet  and talk about life with someone 
 who wanna smoke
 anyone wanna smoke
 all my money goes to weed or food ugh.
 low key wanna smoke some hookah
 babe im gonna smoke when i get home  can u buy me wraps no alexys you dont want your probo extended do you babe pls swishers
 when i get back home i jus wanna record and smoke and be around hoes.. dassit
 just smoked a blunt  lol
 just smoked a blunt
 i just wanna smoke weed with my new gun i have no love all dat shit lost
 boutta smoke this fat blunt. 
 bro i just wanna smoke fuck 
 no one wanna smoke so im goin tf home
 gave the cab driver a 5 tip to let us smoke a blunt in the taxi
 i wanna smoke
 i didnt smoke at lunch    took all my power not to roll one up
 still wanna smoke good dope w larry 
 im supposed to be relaxing and trying to go to sleep early tonight but im listening to chief keef and kinda wanna smoke a bowl lol
 hundo down i4.. i just wanna smoke amp rest.
 why do i have to learn how to roll when i only smoke when im around ya amp ya always ready to roll lets just get to it
 im just trying to smoke a blunt thats all
 rlly wanna smoke and fuck
 i wanna smoke some more lmao
 if you wanna smoke while youre pregnant thats your choice but i will not smoke with you period . not passing it or nothing 
 i just wanna sex  smoke and viiiiiiiibe baby.. i want you by my side
 i just wanna smoke a fatty and zone out.
 guess ill just go home and smoke
 lets go to the park and smoke 3 or 7 bowls
 i need a relationship like jordyn and aj cause all they do is smoke  watch shameless and eat a bunch of food...
 about to smoke then take my black ass to sleep
 i need a pipe i be lazy to roll sometimes i just wanna smoke a bowl.
 finna smoke this blunt   eat buffalo chicken sandwich and call it a night
 anyone wanna come over and smoke hookah 
 gonna watch cruel intentions n smoke hella bong packs
 ima go home  smoke this j and mentally prepare myself for tomorrow
 kinda wanna go get some weed and go to the fish tables
 after 7 days of no weed smoke i learned its impossible to sleep but u get ya shit done
 lay down and rethink my life for an hour or....... get my sick ass up  smoke a blunt and put all my worries aside
 @mike902 yo wanna smoke macdonalds and eat cheeseburgers soon 
 @justjamesgill yea i just dont wanna be around it if i cant smoke wtf 
 i might miss ya... but watch me smoke this blunt amp forget cha
 trynna smoke a blunt on my way home but my car already hella smells and i want it to go away 
 all i wanna do is smoke a l and ride a fine niggas face 
 i just wanna smoke  idc about doing anything after that
 come smoke this blunt with me bro
 gonna roll your opinions into my blunt and smoke them away w the fucks i dont give 
 y dont u smoke da blunt then come cuddle w me 
 never have i ever wanted to smoke a fat bowl so i can pass out until now 
 about to smoke an l  and go to bed with my babies
 im just tryna smoke and throw some neck and my nigga wanna be calling everybody but me rn
 this joint is too long i cant smoke it all
 i really wanna smoke so i can sleep but i dont wanna walk outside to my car cause its cold
 i just wanna play spyro and smoke a blunt
 all i smoke is loud  its gonna slap you in your ear
 my co workers typically run to mcdonalds on break or have a smoke break.. me i make a bed and take a nap
 someone come lay in bed with me and smoke
 just wanna smoke till my eyes close on their own..
 am i gunna be too tired to smoke a bowl when i get home
 and then its like do i wanna waste the high and go to sleep or waste the weed and the high
 who tryn smoke one
 want to smoke but too lazy to get up.
 i wanna smoke sumn rn fuck it
 all i do is smoke  work  and stay at home. 
 lol was gonna take a tolerance break over spring break but i 4got my frens back home smoke 2
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gon forget you.
 cant wait to get home and smoke myself a blunttttttt
 just got home from work and immediately go for my weed ... yeahhhhhhhh. its been one of those days
 @aquafare @thejournalista move away from greasy food  eat fruits  drink water  dont smoke or so so minimally...
 why do locals always wanna smoke with me at this time.
 literally so comfy in my bed.....i dont wanna move and smoke a cig but whatever dude fuck it and u
 couldnt sleep. smoked pot. cant sleep. smoked more pot. now just really stoned and frustrated.
 going to smoke this blunt without him since he wanna go to sleep on me 
 lets go smoke by the lake
 still waking up at 5 on my off day smh...i really really hate my work schedule guess ill smoke a blunt and watch a movie lbs
 once i smoke this dope im go forget you bitch can you hear me 
 well i wanna smoke now
 @evrybdyh8skeesh wanna smoke my dush
 i just want to chill smoke and eat good food 
 ever just wanna sit down smoke a blunt and talk about life i enjoy those times.
 imma go to the gym  after i smoke this blunt tho
 every morning i get blazed ayyy women weed and weather if you bored come and join the wave ayyy
 im trynna smoke me a fat ass blunt before i get on this game plane.
 somebody smoke with me before i go to work 
 im early for work amp i just wanna smoke 
 the fact that i can just roll up a blunt and smoke it with my mom is a blessing 
 @jss98rock they mightve had good suff back then but it cant compare to todays weed with all the technology that goes into the grow process
 thundercat n smoke
 smoke my weed. eat my breakfast. my girl reads our horoscopes   out loud.
 cmon theres way too much smoke not to appt an independent comsn to get to bottom of this  trumps team were workin 
 im at work  biggie smalls on full blast as i work on compliance for medicinal marijuana for a pharmaceutical company.  legaldrugdealer 
 great morning too smoke a blunt and watch atl 
 soooooo im not gonna smoke the whole month before my birthday.. just bc 419420 im trynna be outta my body 
 let me go to detroit just to smoke
 i smoke the gas out the blunt
 i wanna cuddle and smoke buddy in one 
 only job offers is flipping pussy or marijuana or both but she dont wanna do either
 i cant wait to smoke on my lunch break i really need to calm down cause im too aggy
 i only fuck w them girls that smoke alone and listen to channel orange
 i was going to let myself have another lazy day in bed  high off hella vicodin  codeine and weed. but nah. ill just be high and do work boi
 30 day challenge starting tomorrow. no more weed.
 wake up  smoke up
 holy smokes did she stay blonde or did she go brunette swipe left to see this huge 
 ripbig its the ones that smoke blunts with ya  see your picture now they wanna grab they guns and come and get ya wemissyoubig
 its spring break i wanna smoke weed and go swimming yay
 bra i need someone to talk to but fuck it ima smoke this ft and go bout my day
 only been at work 2 hours and im already over it ready to go home an smoke a fat ass personal blunt
 i just wanna smoke a blunt on the porch while my lady does yoga in the yard an my sons ride theyre bikes up and down the street
 tom is doing some flame weeding.  in order to prevent weeds in our direct seeded beds  we make 
 its the that smoke blunts wit ya  see ya picture ..now they wanna grab the guns and come 
 just want to smoke and l and get lunch lit donewithwork 
 babe said no weed this vacation you best believe im ready to go home and smoke my ganja 
 babes at work and i wanna smoke a blunt and go to the gym
 who wanna smoke    hmu dm @ hartsfieldjackson atlanta international airport 
 oh theyre gonna smoke illinois today
 really not feelin it today....i wanna go home and smoje a lot of weed.....ijs
 anybody wanna smoke w me that isnt at school
 chicago niggas the type to smoke a reggie blunt and smoke a cig afterwards to get a better high
 my dad always thinks im gonna smoke when i go out
 nice day to smoke a fat blunt
 if she aint got ass i dont wanna smash no thank you weed so good i dont wanna pass
 i just wanna smoke amp chill out can we do that..
 just wanna lay up and smoke . thats all
 today would be a good day to smoke a blunt on the beach
 @aaronbiscuits smoke a blunt
 im about to go work a double bc im bored aka go eat strip club food n smoke weed on the back deck 
 javi always wakes up while im getting ready for work just to roll up and pack me some weed for the day lol its the little things 
 @sticknmov3 is it a synthetic weed because i dont fuck with that shit that shitll kill you  and ive had some horrible trips from it. d
 i hope these 4 hours go by quick bc all i wanna do is smoke n sleep
 this bitch wanna smoke all my weed.
 anyone else overstuff their bowls with cannabis for photos and then have to smoke two bowls in a row 
 i wanna smoke
 i just smoked a blunt with your gf
 that feeling when a smoker gets into your ride to work and it smells so bad it makes you gag 
 i really wanna stop smoking cause im tired of having to pick up weed
 food  weed  liquor  sleep i can go on amp on 
 i need to go smoke weed rn about how hype i am to go to new orleans today lol
 come smoke some hookah at the bar | theqgso is the move tomorrow 
 come smoke some hookah at the bar | theqgso is the move tomorrow 
 come smoke some hookah at the bar | theqgso is the move tomorrow 
 all i wanna do is smoke a lil chronic
 coming at you  sxsw with @jacobsullum amp @kennedynation to talk reporters perspectives on marijuana legalization. 
 might smoke 1 today   just for da fuck of it
 nobody wanna link up shoot smoke or anything weather is poppin amp im leaving for texas tomorrow  so fuck w me yall 
 im gonna buy one just to smoke in 
 i just wanna play backyard football like the old days and smoke an l to be 100 with you all.
 go lecture your 1314 year old son that doesnt even listen nor go to school   but stays home and only smokes weed .
 i just wanna smoke amp relax.
 anyone wanna smoke that gas .
 i dead ass cannot wait for autumn to get older so we can casually smoke ls together
 haze gt smoke temperature up 80f gt 81f humidity down 47 gt 42 wind 4mph gt 5mph
 i literally just wanna get drunk and smoke a blunt. thats my mood rn
 all i wanna do is watch scary movie 2  drink wine  and smoke a blunt with my home girl @kelseymakofsky 
 finally outta work bout to smoke and go to sleep when i get home
 forget the telly  we just go to the crib amp watch a movie in the jacuzzi smoke ls while you do me. 
 i just wanna go home n smoke a bowl 
 definitely wouldve smacked that blunt out her hand and the car get the fuck outta here wasting weed bitch  
 lets just stay in the moment  smoke some weed and drink some wine
 i just wanna sit on my porch w you and smoke a fat ass blunt while you tell me everything about you
 perfect day to smoke a joint by the beach .
 @kurtjmac youre gonna go through weed  mount shasta is worth photographing  i used to live there before moving to los angeles.
 i wanna smoke weeed
 i just need someone who is always down to smoke and take naps
 just gonna leave it up to natural selection to weed out people who eat hot dogs
 i just want a girl to smoke and cuddle with 
 fin smoke amp lay down 
 i just wanna lay up and chilll  smoke  eat ampdrank 
 @cat1pro i wanna go there i need a lil smoke
 wanna smoke and go to south street for some food but all my friends work late tn
 can it be 5. i wanna smoke a fatty
 haze gt smoke temperature up 80f gt 81f humidity down 65 gt 54 wind 10mph gt 13mph
 wanna smoke but not by myself
 pitt county sheriffs office got 25lbs of marijuana amp hundreds of xanax pills off the street. way to go 
 im so ready to smoke my shit and calm my nerves
 anyone wanna help trim weed tonight
 i wanna smoke.
 gonna treat myself to some sushi n smoke by the beach 
 just wanna smoke a blunt amp go get my toes done.
 do i wanna take a nap or smoke before work 
 i just wanna smoke a fat blunt  go long boarding  and enjoy my day
 i wish my friends would hmu and say hey derek come over and let me smoke you out but thats not gonna happen
 im trina smoke fat with someone
 so imma just smoke inside then go wash my laundry.
 i felt like rolling a l today. i usually smoke my bowl.
 i also just wanna smoke a bowl but i cant do that either
 someone lets smoke and go get food.. im bored as hell.
 just gonna smoke this j and chill for the rest of the day
 @rumworm @yewmeadow i just wanna smoke my weed  
 than u smoke a blunt and move tf on
 i think im gonna pass on the chain smokers and save that towards next weekend.
 if i dont smoke a blunt in the morning im gunna be so sad lmao
 roll it up roll it up bout to smoke out
 i wanna kill this man his cigarette smells so beautiful an i cant smoke. 
 @richardschiff aftr diagnosed with type2 this is my daily lunch every damn time i have 1 of these bowl of weeds i 
 does any1 wanna smoke w me and allie
 high key wanna go out tonight  high key want to just smoke  eat tacos amp watch spongebob all night wthe homie or the man i dont have.
 nissan sanmarcos is nowplaying just smoke by mumfordampsons cubevenue
 im never in the mood to smoke anymore but right now im craving a nice fat blunt.
 not gonna smoke this whole week amp then once i get back to pitty imma smoke 4 joints amp be fadeddddd
 just wanna smoke  its always bs
 i rather smoke this blunt and say fuck you tbh
 wanna drink wanna smoke wanna feel it in my throat
 i wanna kill myself via weed overdose
 i just wanna smoke
 theyre gonna always use the incomplete studies excuse on climate change and medical marijuana forever 
 a weed gummi is a nice way to get off work
 im trying to smoke a blunt and watch the rain
 dont ever smoke then take pre work out 
 gonna smoke hookah and practice scales on piano for 12 years.
 this is that sit on your porch and smoke a blunt type weather.
 all she wanna do is smoke that broccoli . 
 aye who wanna smoke wit me just bring a dutch
 like i dont wanna smoke alone 
 just wanna finish this test and go home and smoke
 im gonna go eat a veggie burger amp then get ready for work amp smoke with daniel.
 i just wanna smoke a pound w my baby
 lets smoke a blunt for big
 @geontamiller smoke a fat ass blunt
 gonna smoke some weed amp chill
 i reaaallly wanna smoke 
 i absolutely cannot wait to smoke a backwood in the muir woods
 they all smoked out so they gon be dead by then anyway 
 i dont wanna get up but i wanna smoke... 
