 @americanna no i am here getting ready for my smoke. and u
 brb gunna smoke this backwood and cry 2 horse head 
 fuck it ima smoke this gas and plot on where im trynna be. no matter what ima be good
 you smoked em with the wheats buzzin  
 @dopeitswilliam @andrwsup you pulled up just to smoke kevins weed and left
 flashback 2 years ago  by mount shasta longboard @ weed  california 
 flashback 2 years ago  by mount shasta longboard @ weed  california 
 night sky at weedon island now available  art florida @pinellasextnr @pinellaspark1 
 i just smoked a blunt with ya gf
 this is how i felt when a certain someone  cough cough @lauritarodi97  spilled weed all over the car  
 i have a blunt rolled but might just be to tired to smoke it
 gronks girlfriend is a smoke
 ima sip it until i feel it  ima smoke it till its done
 @lonewanderer126 ima just smoke some weed and ill pass out instantly. i freaked out while i was recording a video and had to start over 
 @ricow @tynigh its only been classified as snipe since maines weed success.
 when you sell alien weed you get to fuck alien bitches just the way life goes
 well i spread my weed out . a dub two for me  
 @garyvee how do u feel about investing in marijuana companiesmarijuana stocks appears to be the nextgold rush or dot com. askgaryvee
 yesterdays 7 hour smoke session on the webergrills performer.  heres the beef getting ready to 
 a simple way to weed out selfserving people with one straightforward question. @betsym  via @inc
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend.  
 another day another year of life. just 23 nothin special bout to smoke this gas and get back on my grind happybdaytome
 sisqo smoke... studioplaceofficial blessed to be able to be behind the scenes for 20 years 
 @joenbc yo scotus gop anticonstitutional nixon dea war criminal dea fascist anti21st amendment anti usa hemp founder .pro injustice usa
 @rustedrussell and then she fails to do that by diving into the weeds of an extremely specific  boring problem
 ya i had a drink  ya i smoked 
 @fortebowie im bout to  smoke a blunt dedicated to that tweet
 thinking of frying mushroom  dairyfree smoked gouda stuffed ravioli in coconut oil on linguini  topped with garlic chili sauce daydream 
 eventually ima get up to go smoke.
 @brianphickey @mattfriedmannj @isaacavilucea @freedomisgreen plz read this its about the constitution not cannabis 
 have a smoke with your old boy george m. 
 stay scrapped if you gon hang out hea amp smoke green
 so i smoked resi at noon  amp now im cleaning my car amp listening to rupaul 
 first 15 min of lifespan arguing about if marijuana should be legalized why
 @cheezuscrust awesome  especially love the part about arranging for cigarettes. freedom  schmeedom  i need me smokes
 we stay smoken kingcali9to5hustlenewmoney ackiller fuegobios wesmokeweed weed weednation 
 .i be rolling gram blunts and everybody here be like so you kansas niggas smoke big blunts huh
 yall all follow and fuck the same thots  fuck with the same lame ass hype beast of jacksonville  smoke the same mid ass weed
 accident blocks center lane  left lane  left shoulder on 610 w lp sb at post oak blvd.  stop and go traffic back to hempstead traffic
 @foxnews @tuckercarlson @joseiswriting tucker carlson to fox news we are going to need a bigger smoker
 @bigdealnach smoke this it might change you back to normal 
 @nynyla its not weed
 a little @cartonbrewing idipa to compliment this smoked beef roast on the @biggreenegg 
 i have two pounds of thick cut hickory smoked bacon in the freezer. i would be willing to let one go for 1k. dt me. baconshortage
 @cpaulj if you include  of cigarettes smoked inside of a racing helmet as a criterion  trickle is the alltime champion in a walk.
 and we smoke fonto not no zig zags
 the day after i smoke..... knowing damn well im tryna get a job interview ..... 
 yeah i had a drank ya i smoked
 nearly 14 of indianas adult population are smokers. 
 bitch im seeing reindeer out this mf what kinda weed is this
 between smoke and sound  is where i hide.  housemusic futurehouse newmusic bronx 
 who got smoke in orlando please hit me
 hit this weed cause it might calm you down  ill rub your feet listening to everything you talkin bout
 wholly smokes this brew is on point. great  kettle soured flavor and ... berlinner weisse  photo
 @mmaryyjane ons weed w u
 @imillhiser @malcolmnance correction to smokescreen russian relationship.
 hit this weed cause it might calm you down...... ok 
 sheon got weed but everytime she text me she use pounds baby 
 it sounds like an avid smoker or marge simpson... or both omg 
 longest i ever did homework man. cant een smoke cause ima forget everything by the first hit
 smoking weed while she eating other bitches cause ima stoner 
 3rd amp 9th i used to smoke weed a lot back in the day  yknow
 get smoked out then bounce 2k17 lmao
 were about to smoke a foot long blunt... 
 shower  smoke  clean then study
 yall out here smokin a blunt driving yalls car around town but could get easily pulled over nonsense and ur life over off weed. yall dumb
 shower  smoke  read  and off to bed
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down i rub your feet listenin to everything you talkin bout
 twelve joints of weed @milesstroth @packtheater onenightonly
 yes. i smell marijuana. loud on this plane
 hit this weed cause it might calm ya down   ill rub ya feel listenin to everything you talkin bout
 i dont smoke but i might roll one
 i literally smoke 10 blunts today 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend 
 exit ramp accident on 610 w lp nb after hempstead traffic 
 exit ramp accident cleared on 610 w lp nb after hempstead traffic 
 wow we imprison young black men for selling weed  but we allow immigrants to steal from the government with no con 
 accident reported in eastmeadow on wantagh pkwy nb after hempstead tpk traffic 
 run up on me ima stoner so i smoked em 
 our new gouda flavors are delicious mango habanero  honey sriracha  and hickory smoked bourbon.  located at your lo 
 dont smoke  dub.
 shouldnt have smoked that backwood amp those blunts before bed..
 i just smoked a blunt with yo girlfriend...
 @flavsnb bruh  when mero did extremely oasis voice someday you will find me smoking weed on tremont i was fucking weak lmaooo
 if you cant accept weed then it wont accept you
 @sarahwpoljanski @samcraggscbc a real brt is segregated from traffic in its own lane. remember the bus only lane  up in smoke. hamont
 right after he walkin over to that gazebo overlooking the palisades and smoke a fat blunt @spencrgoodman 
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm ya down
 ma yur mcm afraid to smoke weed he said wat if i get a bad trip lmao
 finally smoked some loud with my parentals last night
 this guy just walked by me and absolutely reeked of weed.....in my teaching class hahaha
 @johngranato @theraheel the word on the street is tracy needs a weed connect in htown... everyone knows la raza got this
 another pic of black smoke billowing from old mill on west blue ridge at old buncombe in greenvillecounty 
 big machine on set shooting a big machine we brought the elements  sparks  smoke and rain came 
 damn im so happy aileen and i are going big now on our weed. we can finally roll up hahaha
 @totaltrafficla holy smokes  alameda st traffic is the worst   3 blocks in 25 min
 accident  right lane blocked in fortworth on 20 eb approaching i35w  stop and go traffic back to hemphill st  delay of 2 mins dfwtraffic
 ima smoker ima smoke up
 ya mcm made you put 5 to the weed
 its the ones that smoke blunts with ya
 @zrau @edsbs you have the smoked meats we can distract the wolf with  so i accept no i have not
 cant say im back smoking weed. but i did take a couple hits this week 
 takes a baby step to change ya life and i aint blowing smoke up ya ass
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 might as well smoke while i can
 two types of people.  me let me take a shower real quick  just got done running.  roommate i should shower too  i just smoked weed.
 @tmonroe22 i wonder if its a coincidence that those are all names of weed 
 bill walton just said he liked zig zags during this ucla game he smokes all the weed
 worst car pool. strong smoker scent  inconsistent driver constant jerking  dude with long legs kicking me in the back. sflife
 and what has brandon weedon done to show elway should have kept their 1st rounder instead of trading it to new engl 
 my little brothers on facetime with his girlfriend and she goes jalen you know your sister smokes i see it on her snapchat 
 bitch  ima damnear smoke in ma room slide  
 driving around smoken that loud amp mobbin oracle with the boys
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 love when teeny calls me randomly to smoke when shes off work 
 in 5th grade i found weed in my brothers drawer amp cried
 trying to smoke and play 2k  
 supreme judicial court hears case of woman fired over use of medical marijuana 
 .@feudfx @ew @susansarandon i had a feeling susan didnt smoke...cigarettes. arent they fake healthy ones feudfx
 we stay in the studio for hours and hourszz... dogs cats weed parrots we have everything comin thru
 its the ones that smoke blunts with ya  ripbiggie @ brooklyn  new york 
 when you tryna smoke a blunt but darron steals all your fuckin lighters 
 i can smoke 3 blunts back to back to back by myself cause it takes that many to get you high ol noninhaling ass.  lol
 obstruction on roadway in hamilton on hempstead dr at winton rd traffic 
 i just might smoke a whole quarter  ya ya
 one northern michigan town could trade a prison for weed 
 alec is vaping under my bed and the smoke is rising up and all i hear from under is ill send you an o haha
 fln... love a nice smoked beer before bedtime... and this even has honey. very tast... class war 
 ima sleep in some more then hit the weed man
 college students who use large amounts of marijuana and alcohol might be high  but their grades are not im dead  
 nigga be hitting phat ass blunts but barley any smoke be coming out
 tryna hit a smoke sesh is no one down
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend 
 in 9th grade  this boy from class amp his cute friend wanted me to skip w them to smoke. couldnt have been more hood amp sunset than that
  bampc marketbbq specials today  smoked salmon  smoked ribs  amp grits come see us @ 900 rosa l. parks blvd. 
 @lizzylizzyloo65 or when you smoke 9 blunts and forget everything
 1000lbs of fajitas  smoked jalapeo sausage. i hope heaven tastes like this borderolympics 
 yall already know what them smoke boys about to do today  stay tuned 300  thesilsbeeway
 @benhooperwrites release the cracken smoke some weed
 @silveycorp @billsimmons dumb take. if marijuana was allowed  youd have players not losing their minds or getting addicted to opioids.
 accident  two lanes blocked in baldwin on the southern st pkwy eb approaching eagle ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave traffic
 mack 11 smoke ya baby dad like some hookah
 @bbcmarksimpson if a pile of tyres catches fire  it cannot be put out. thick oily black smoke  often for months. no 
 offramp closed in northvalleystream on the cross island pkwy sb at the southern state pkwy  stopped traffic back to hempstead tpk traffic
 closed due to accident in northvalleystream on the cross island pkwy sb at the southern state pkwy  stopped traffic back to hempstead tpk
 accident cleared in baldwin on the southern st pkwy eb approaching eagle ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 4 mins
 i love living in a city where u can smoke blunts in front of bouncers and eat burritos in alleys at 2am wo being afraid of getting stabbed
 everybody fw my smoke so much might as well just be my smoke too lol
 the nfl should allow players to smoke weed to deal with pain
 it is against the players best interests and should be stopped. the players should demand medical marijuana rights.
 yall tripping thinking im finna come 2030 to smoke 2 mf blunts 
 state police found about 65g of marijuana  3g of cocaine  a scale amp about 8 200 during a traffic stop thursday. 
 finna shower then smoke one 
 someone just smoked weed in class... welcome to chs
 according to these documents the warrant is active until march 14th at 1159pm. police can enter cannabis culture a 
 @loreestark @pantsuitpolitic fascinating framing of this issue. as a former smoker it hits close to home. though price never deterred me.
 ima smoke one  then ima roll one.... ima smoke one  then ima roll one.
 bottom line  smoke weed 
 chromic con marijuana amp comic book convention welcomes the very talented holly amorous to las 
 bby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 nor will they in the future. lifting drug restrictions  and universally legalizing marijuana could easily assist in 
 disabled vehicle  right lane blocked in galleriaarea on 610 w lp nb before hempstead  stop and go traffic back to 69 the sw fwy traffic
 stall cleared in galleriaarea on 610 w lp nb before hempstead  stop and go traffic back to 69 the sw fwy  delay of 14 mins traffic
 stall moved to the right shoulder in galleriaarea on 610 w lp nb before hempstead  stop and go traffic back to 69 the sw fwy traffic
 a couple insights from our communitys cannabis rituals   ahlot cannabis infographic acmpr 
 till the smoke clears out  am i high perhaps ima rip this shit till my bone collapse
 stall blocks a center lane in harris on 610 w lp sb at woodway  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 6 mins traffic
 stall cleared in harris on 610 w lp sb at woodway  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 6 mins traffic 
 et   soon as you hear the drop no guessin g  you know its me  might smoke one might smoke 
 every friday its go hoop clean smoke then play 2k
 shower  clean amp smoke 
 i just smoked a blunt withcho girlfriend
 system of a downs shavo odadjian  the smoke box part 1  @shavoodadjian @brealtv @breal pimpsterband thanks
 system of a downs shavo odadjian  the smoke box part 1  @shavoodadjian @brealtv @breal pimpsterband thanks
 well ill check back in a few days when the smoke clears. gopackgo
 just conqueredthis with quinn.in.cle  holy smoke... bestrunever 
 an old man amp his wife at chilis saw @maddyduly and i vaping in her car and asked if we had anymore weed to sell. 
 yes its a great day indeed in vegas get over to my favorite oasis medical cannabis for 
 bout to hit up the smoke shop 
 stop and go traffic in bellaire on 610 w lp sb from hempstead to fournace  delay of 17 mins traffic 
 i only have 10 vodka and no weed uh why am i cursed
 pork loin on the smoker.... absolutely killed it nofilterneeded allthingsbbq 
 gut it  hug it amp stuff it  lets smoke a blunt.
 gut it  hug it  stuff it  lets smoke this blunt.
 @morgrogers koda smoked weed one time... 
 hit this weed cuz it might calm you down
 @aileenclarisa @suaveflexsuave @melissaaageee ol big i dont smoke head ass but definitely hits the weed with us
 march 26 is a pass to smoke a blunt.
 today last day to submit comments for medical marijuana retail app @ 138epender in chinatownyvr 
 whats the first thing you do after you cross the checkpoint smoke a blunt.
 lets smokeeee
 just smoked at my old elementary school playground w my b. sad
 who finna let me smoke they head back thoooo
 i got weed but if i smoke it imma be sooooooo emotional  not doing it
 im here now..come smoke with us and get some deals on new merch 
 @ericbolling @kellyannepolls  @foxnews this left lunatic is smokin what ovomit smoked.  no reasoning just insult amp accusation  losers
 about to smoke a bling to myself
 bannons plan to weed out non aryans pivate prisons  deportations  the gop gang  is moving faster than hitler 
 after this shower im about to smoke a blunt to myself
 we smoken in my room today  hotbox lets gooo
 in the first half unc looked like the best team in he country. in the second half  tar heels getting smoked. such a great game.
 you ever smoked weed end at the end of the blunt you unroll itto see if its still weed in that mf
 omg babe @xdatenshibluex what am i gonna do with all this weed up my butt @jarodhanshaw
 let us smoke up the ounce  bounce till im leaking semen on yo couch
 tell they ass uh uh i smoke to much 
 stay active  eat healthy and smoke up 
 i just smoked a blunt con tu novia
 the best feeling is buying a lot of weed and knowing later u can smoke the fuck down and not have 2 worry about how much u smokerunning out
 we all need to calm down and smoke some reefer
 aampe livepd uh oh found the canned marijuana. busted
 you might smoke but do you smoke smoke
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 be very worried about rinocare  paul ryan is blowing smoke up our asses and wanting us to believe the house is on fire 
 to much weed smoke in here for a slime  
 this girl o follow on snap chat smokes like that and she be claiming shes sooooooo high 
 i need to meet @postmalone and smoke w him agh 
 oregon economist beau whitney releases cannabis jobs report  via @mjheadlinenews
 i hit weed
 ken  that wasnt weed. 
 first night here  im about to smokeeee out and sleep like a fuckinggg babyyyy
 i keep trying to do this king of space weed thing ironically but apparently the way to get rich in nms actually is to build a giant growop.
 this my last half oz ima smoke then im stop
 bang my my line if you trying to smoke this blunt
 finna smoke d shit out deez roaches den go hunt for a cigarette then return
 salute yall your fake ass overgrown weed backyard photoshop to
 finna smoke just cause 
 smoke weed see galactic nature elemental fairies   eat acid see god  smoke dmt transcend into exoreality alien sou 
 susan amp cory are serving up your favorites today burritodogs  wranglers  chicago dogs  amp more botd smoked chedd 
 shower then smoke
 lets smoke some blunts
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend 
 medical expert marijuana should be first line option  not last resort 
 just smoked a wood with my old baby sitter
  vice versus love.  i get higher  when we kiss your smokey eyes  they do the trick  nicotine 
 alright boys  smoke em if you got em sdcc2017
 i done smoked all the200  1516 cannabis cup winners in i can merch
 i want to smoke a bling now
 somebody smoke one with ya boy
 accident  left lane blocked in hempstead on the southern st pkwy eb at grand ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave traffic
 accident cleared in hempstead on the southern st pkwy eb at grand ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 8 mins traffic
 hit this weed cause it might calm me down  rub my feet and listen to everything i talk about  @nasiimpapa
 people that smoke blunts always have those cheap ass lighters. getchu some raws and a bic lighter.
 if you give a millennial a cookie  hes going to ask for a glass of locally sourced hemp milk.
 blowing nothing but   smoke fah ya baby 
 government is worried about the level of thc content in weed  but its legal to have devil springs and moonshine that can kill you
 boy hit this weed c| it might calm you down
 big game for todd cunningham. came in 118 in spring. smoked a double off a 99mph fastball from cabrera. tied game in the 9th on a single.
 bro where u get this weak ass weed  me 5 minutes laterhttpst.coeumsroc2ak
 this year is the year ive smoked the most blunts and its only march lets go 
 @vinwarrior23 so you can like this weed  while i spit this rap and tell you bout a player from way back
 back by popular demand  foodporn chicago smokedmeats @ green street smoked meats 
 steaks are sitting with homemade rub later will be on treagergrill where will cook and smoke how we roll on satu 
 lincoln city fans set off smoke bombs forcing tube station closure  @mailonline
 bra i den smoked bout 8 blunts back to back
 daytonabikeweek  17 roadglide w 6.5 dark black smoke spoilerwindshield. fltrx fltr roadglidenation 
 @speakerryan dont blow smoke up our butts  american people want obamacare repealed and not replaced with obamacare 2.0lite. do your job
 la people will just chill in traffic and smoke and be content and sfoakland people will stab and shoot ya ass if you cut them off
 do si dos from matrixnv @ thrive cannabis marketplace 
 medford  nj dwelling fire 2 old mill run. originally reported to be smoke in the garage. f2520 arrived and placed all companies service.
 hit the weed it might just calm you down 
 stack my cheese. smoke. play 2k.
 i keep my circle tighter earth  wind  fire my bitch  my weed  my lighter
 think ima smoke myself to sleep 
 all niggas do is smoke weed  play 2k  and lie
 amp ima roll one.. amp ima smoke one.
 @littlelazer i now complain about smoke levels. feel you.
 bae hit this weed it might calm you down
 so grateful my smoke and little man got to spend my birthday with me  thanks for flying cross country to hang out 
 ima smoke till i croke
 im down to smoke 12 blunts as soon as i get into jax. hit the ground runnin
 its so loud you hear that smell like the weed loud you hear it its loud turn it down
 2k amp weed smoke
 dubstep and weed go soooo well together
 ya mcm smokes shows
 do they have a smoke machine at the sprint center for the players to run through for the starting lineups
 ya mcm sell weed and he think the feds watching him 
 im weak this nigga deadass told me walk to whitcomb from fairfield to smoke  idgaf how close it is  its brick asf amp i got my own. 
 might as well smoke another blunt now
 baby  hit this weed cause it might calm u down
 lol when the weed finally start to hit 
 @xxamaanndaaaxx lets smoke soon
 i just smoked with my mom and my second grade teacher yall 
 @johnbro92587318 require all citizens who want marijuana to apply for medical marijuana in order to know the amount 
 @homesafeil uhh @yurawizurdhari and i smoked weed behind your van before the show
 ima just smoke by myself 
 rain in the forecast so i had to go redneck for the 40 pork shoulder smoke. @pitbarrelcooker 
 breaking. hamont  fire crews on scene at arvin st for chemical fire.   heavy smoke  visible .  more to follow 
 baby hit this weed cuz it might calm you down .. 
 son im finally home  my head is throbbing right now from all the backwoods ive smoked today.
 i hate when boys try to down play my weed cause imma girl but soon as they hit it.. 
 hit dis weed cus it might calm u down 
 the weed loud  oh you said some
 hit this weed cuz it might calm you down
 @bbc4you05 smoked 2 blunts
 @gottliebshow @matteomiguel someone take the weed away from hippie walton.  zags play in easy conference yes.  but beat arizona and iowa st
 if we are going to allow people to smoke marijuana  are we not going to allow them to work
 holy smokes. arrived to over a thousand people in line to get into our createcultivatesxsw and 
 enter to win scotts turf builder weed and feed fertilizer  ends march 12th at midnight 
 enter to win scotts turf builder weed and feed fertilizer  ends march 12th at midnight 
 a simple way to weed out selfserving people with one straightforward question. @betsym  via @inc
 @jodieemery sorry to hear about the raids on cannabis culture lounge. continue the fight  stay strong amp keep up the great work
 dutchtr crisis either too much weed or eu right wants erdogan to rule supreme. so that they can hide racism behin 
 bruised my foot i needa smoke some weed
 what you doing 10 mins after you smoke this 
 come over so we can smoke blunts amp reminisce on old times
 accident blocking intersection in woodbridge on old brg rd both ebwb at smoketown rd dctraffic 
 old people next to me so i hear april 20th is a big ol marijuana holiday dead
 its fucking nice out. dm me or hit my line i got loud im tryna smoke
 accident cleared in woodbridge on old brg rd both ebwb at smoketown rd dctraffic 
 @jradmke your boys smoked millwall today...whoever that is...
 braiden said  this boy at my school is gonna die before he   turns 18 hes in the 8th grade smokin weed  
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm ya down. 
 been in the car all weekend  i need my shower  my smokes  an my mf bed  asap
 i just bout spilled all my weed i wouldve been hot
 might smoke em  
 when the smoke gets in your eyes  hiphopartist hiphop music newmusic rapper rap 
 about to hit this weed
 hit me for the smoke 
 daz amp wc  roll and smoke
 fully plated breakfast  mtl smoked meat  thick cut bacon omelette  lemon coconut fat bomb and 
 im just chillin playing 2k and i randomly start smelling weed
 back in the smoke 
 @petegenovese final stop @eightsandbeer great space 16 beers on tap. best variety of the day smoked wheat amp bad ho 
 fired up the smoker finally
 i smoked a nice one   out ya boy to sleep
 whiskey and weed  should be a country song
 @ugkait or smoke a blunt
 @miranduh98  u stay smoking dirt with yo big ass fore head and grandma titties. i smoke more gas than you ever have in your life 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 @jeffgluck joey couldnt get out of the pile fast enough.  something else smoke amp kyle can agree on. joey runs when hes confronted.
 man im bout to smoke 20 blunts tonight.
 @littlecaesars stopped at your store at 965 s. 27th street in lincoln  ne and they ran out of the smokehouse.  so much for hot and ready.
 fuck yo loud nigga my weed on surround sound
 baby hit this weed because it might calm you down
 and dont ya baby momma roll my weed 
 when you aint hit the weed all day and you finally do . 
 prayers for unc greensboro to absolutely smoke cuse.
 this jigga zay bout to smoke a roach blunt roach 
 trust your gut  where theres smoke  there is fire. foodforthought
  weed is an emotional crutch. 
 man wearing pajamas that reeks of weed waiting in extremely long line at walmart with one lone box of capn crunch. respect.
 i just smoked a blunt with yo girlfriend
 @innovationtrek they do.voter blocks  econ concerns are why pro pot obama kept cannabis sched 1 despite patient outcry. money and favors
 if u tryna smoke and freak  fwm
 or ill give you all my weed and you can run me over. i like this option more
 who tryna smoke wit ya boy via facetime
 k homeworks done lolz i can smoke now
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 ima watch iron giant 1999 and smoke this blunt
 @kellyannepolls  italian  it just gets better and better  i am a huge fan  you smoke in every interview i see on on fox very often.
 @kellyannepolls italian  it just gets better and better  i am a huge fan  you smoke in every interview i see you on fox very often. love
 times like this i wish i smoked weed to release stress and calm down. buttt i dont so netflix till i tap it is 
 @lirr west hempstead branch train collides with car. 
 your mcm smoke newports to clear his mind
 accident reported in queens on the cross island pkwy sb approaching hempstead tpk traffic 
 accident in queens on the cross island pkwy sb approaching hempstead tpk  stop and go traffic back to jamaica ave  delay of 3 mins traffic
 i turned in the wrong paper  and its sb  anxiety time to smoke it away
 im real af i couldve easily went to my local dealer for my weed but instead i drove 2 hrs just to get some from my brother
 @paperfrank can smoke on twitch without getting reported
 nypd boxing smoker is back for 2017 . thursday  316 resorts casino queens @boldestsports @fdnyboxing @espnboxing 
 corn weat soyb soft agri continue to get smoked after early march pump 
  bampc market bbq specials today  smoked   smoked salmon  amp grits come see us @ 900 rosa l. parks blvd.  
 ima smoke this joint then ima break you off
 hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 last thing cleveland needs is another great player that cant stay off the weed 
 roll anotha loud pack... you smoke strong but i doubt that....  
 hit the weed cause it might come you down   i rub your feet listen to everything you talking bout 
 hit the weed cause it might calm you down   i rub your feet listen to everything you talkin bout 
 yo mcm smoke mid
 @position410 my acid reflux magically disappeared when i stopped smokin weed.
 mount pleasantarea man gets 25 years in prison for senseless killing over marijuana  chsnews
 ima smoke one for my dwagg big 
 your mcm smokes jackpots.
 mount pleasantarea man gets 25 years in prison for senseless killing over marijuana  via @postandcourier
 ...fit only to give solidity to smoke. persius
 accident  two lanes blocked in northbellmore on the southern st pkwy eb at bellmore rd  stopped traffic back to hempstead ave traffic
 accident cleared in northbellmore on the southern st pkwy eb at bellmore rd  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 22 mins
 ima roll you up and smoke you  
 accident in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy sb at southern state pkwy  stop and go traffic back to hempstead tpk  delay of 8 mins traffic
 i smoke weed never sober
 12 weeds are the scabs of the earth.  henbit  chickweed pressure extreme with high p soils.  this wheat took a hea 
 a mistfit ive been addicted to the weed smoke
 cannabis expert ethers government weed  
 ill lmao it last like 10 mins  well smoke and be back to norm 
 alright its time to smoke a blunt
 accident  shoulder blocked in hempstead on the southern st pkwy eb at meadowbrook pkwy  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave traffic
 dear cyclist putzing down the center of the lane  sans helmet with 1 hand on the bars so you can smoke a cigarette youre doing it wrong.
 ya boyfriend smoke that reggie ima spark that loud with you
 you are the father of all the weed babies 
 ma ya mcm put in half on 2 grams with his homie.. they smoked 2 blunts amp his homie left with the rest of the weed.
 @brianlilley are carleton university students afraid of the scales they use to weigh thier marijuana
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend 
 mushroom amp barley miso ramen with smoked dulce and spicy red cabbage  homecooking homecook 
 me and lauren lets cut back on smoking weed us 2 secs later 
 smoke before showering then smoke after as well 
 watching alien for 1st time...they had a cat on board amp smoked in the spaceship the actual alien is the least shocking this in this movie.
 fresh cut grass you might smoke a lady bug. 
 got a bottle of wine amp some smoke. finally back in town 
 enjoying cory weeds  slumber on the mellow jazz channel by @jazzradionow the hip sounds of cory weedssnaps 
 been waiting for some brave dem to clear the smoke amp insist on answers fr. trump no one w guts but rachel has don 
 great weatherfirst hickory smoked tritip of the new year. smoked with @kingsford charcoal to perfection with my 
 well who got weed on the sw side of houston
 if jit dont get here w the weed in .2 seconds ima snap
 they practically smoked us out of this apartment the last few days and when the winter storm comes to town... the heat stops. what...
 @edsbs old man weeden and the cowboys
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down..
 bae hit dis weed cause its gone calm you down
 this loud pack  ya weed crying
 @robog trying to get smoked in 2k
 accident  right lane blocked in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy sb after southern state pkwy  stop and go traffic back to hempstead tpk
 next great investing opportunities will be in artificial intelligence  drones  and marijuana
 i just smoked a blunt w yo girlfriend
 accident reported in hempstead on the southern st pkwy wb at hempstead ave traffic 
 spring break done correctly. smokeacigar partagas @ smokers haven inc 
 welp might as well smoke since i have nothing else to do
 baby hit this weed it might calm you down
 when in doubt smoke it out
 you have to smoke in the bathroom with the shower on .... and a can of lysol  
 wicked pumped that i left my grinder with my weed in it at averys and my mom wont even give me enough for a bowl pack 
 ive never been in an accident but my car has been smashed by wyoming tumble weedstrees
 this weekend the kids and i pulled over to check out our citys locally sourced weedeaters. westsacgoats 
 @tybunz i smoked a filtered one on lunch and still feeling it so ima definitely try out the other for sure
 your mcm smokes like this 
 i do not sip on no bottle now just smoke on alota loud
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 we smoke out of packs baby
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend
 your mcm smokes government weed 
 now that my weed is so loud  you can hear it down the street
 how ima smoke that my guy 
 i might cry over weed in texas
 bout to grab a lil weed while in orlando and hit this road 95south back to broward
 accident blocks 2 right lanes and a right shoulder on 610 w lp sb at post oak blvd.  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 9 mins
 alright @coronaextrausa do yall brew your beer with weed or what. i need answers.
 all ya do is smoke blunts on snapchat all day
 stop and go traffic in bellaire on 610 w lp sb between hempstead and fournace  delay of 17 mins traffic 
 i dropped the blunt in the shower never again will i try and smoke in the shower
 my marijuana levels are low i must recharge
 lost my weed  so ima just go to sleeep 
 @misskimari if only i smoked thanks tho 
 i either smoke back to back joints or back to back blunts
 it is a known fact that if u smoke a cig during traffic  itll make the traffic go away
 can you hear that smell  the weed is loud .
 accident in lasvegas on jones blvd at smoke ranch rd vegastraffic 
 duh. the alcohol industry is the secondary reasoning behind marijuana prohibition. the first being mass black incar 
 smoke weed to calm my nerves
 loud weed amp loud music 
 how many damn coincidences does it take for don john supporters to see hes chest deep in russias back pocket follow the smoke maddow
 jalapeo smokehouse almonds r sooooooo good
 more smokescreen while the gop attempts to dismantle obamacare. stay sharp  dont let this shock amp awe leave you un 
 might smoke a blunt or 2
 anybody noticed my smoke bubble popped 
 and when the smoke clears....she appears....shunrich built to survive  @ tuskegee university 
 @dianedelicata @tonystewart i liked smoke too.
 fwm and get smoked fwm and smoke too
 if you sell weed downtown chicago  off yourself.
 im a big weed girl now yanno blazeup 
 im bout to text all the niggas i ever smoked up like hey big head
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 colt 45 amp two zig zags  baby thats all we need. we can go to the park after dark smoke that tumble weed.
 @lavarball how much medical grade weed do you smoke beat jordan  zero shot. and your youngest son cherry picks  doesnt work in the nba
 shower after this weed
 whoever run up on me gettin smoked 6shotmafia
 i cant spell sober ima smokerrrr 
 baby hit this weed cause it may calm you down
 at least i got to smoke rn. back to cleaning.
 my city might be the most dangerous in cali but we out here got weed on every corner 
 when youve been the designated driver on a tour of a cannabis farm and three wineries  its time to cut loose  
 bout to smoke a dub to the mit
 what the hell is going on in japan cuba getting absolutely smoked. worldbaseballclassic
 just smoked and did a line in some strangers car and currently ignoring an ugly at the bar. what a night.
 its like u have the option to go on a jog or smoke crack cocaine @jacqueh11 
 hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 you know the weed just some coo out here   im never in the mood to roll up   when im in fairfield tho i roll up instantly
 anyone want smoke i got two blunts rolled
 dim lights  thick smoke  and loud loud music
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well go to a weed farm and work for it.
 its a great day to not be a smoker outside huddled in a circle 
 los angeles clears way for recreational cannabis amp sets example for big cities with measurem  @bluntnetwork tntpr
 might as well smoke one 
 ya mcm entered the drug game with his income tax money and smoked all the profit
 i tried to steal my brothers weed n it back fired so hard all of it spilled on the floor
 cleaning out your car and finding weed gtgtgtgtgtgt
 so smoke with me baby lay with my baby
 dushawn you need to calm down. smoke a blunt or take a jog around the park
 almost to 1 000 plays fwm amp bump this today. smoke a wood or sumn ya dig. 
 i dont be knowing what the fuck goes on inside my brain so i smoke weed to alleviate that i guess.
 loud smoke  
 loud smoke  
 i can finally smoke again tomorrow 
 finally a day off now time to smoke a blunt been a min since i had one
 @potus @tuckercarlson @foxnews nothing 2 enjoy.  interview williterate braggart will b nothing but smoke  mirrors  
 its a smoke off between each row in the van rn
 im a team leader at the american  inns of court. our team is presenting about the new medical marijuana law in ohi 
 baby  hit this weed because it might calm you down. i rub your feet listening to everything you talkin bout. onething kevingates
 @usagsessions resign for perjury   are you a doctor now  show the research on the evils of cannabis .
 stall moved to the  right shoulder in galleria on 610 w lp sb at san felipe  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 10 mins
 vegas so far  hobo w sign aliens abducted my weed so i need a shitload of cash to pay the ransom.
 stall cleared in galleria on 610 w lp sb at san felipe  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 10 mins traffic
 @mrdemetrius54 the beautiful city of hempstead  tx 
 prison brake weed and a curling iorn is how my night is ending
 march 15th. ill smoke to that
 fwm and get smoked   or fwm and smoke too
 @ozmr28grams on 103.5  roll one smoke 
 the verdict on reefer unit  dead battery...alternator fine...its humming along  once again...found leak in brake lines  should be fixed soon
 back in high school  smoked weed when i cut class n now im an addict
 so to the all the weed pages that follow me 
 back for dinner. couldnt get the smoked baloney off my mind. @ bradys @backyard bbq in safety harbor  fl 
 finally off work headed home to shower and smoke a lil 
 getting smoked by the frying belichicks... 
 broooo  this midterm in weeds class finna break a nigga 
 @kcslater  performing live march 24th up in smoke 222 s. broad st. kcslater soapbox   
 watching himym and guess what march 2017 is the last time barney smokes a cigarette thefutureisnow @actuallynph
 all you smell is weed an rubbers. if i hit ya baby momma ima motherfucker 
 when she hit you up to smoke her weed 
 so to @ellisrose  grandma for pulling over and letting me roll up and smoke
 im smoken everywhere i goooooo 
 @ziriaaaa @darianindacuttt @vibewithkiraak w ziria we might   cadarian fuck no he smoke too much kira    maybe 
 boys drool  weed rules. now go pack yourself a big ol bowl.
 i been kicking shit with ya girlfriend i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend
 coverstory how the ultrarich smoke weed @vice @viceland @motherboard @cherylshuman 
 @viankavianey ima smoke til i die ima break down that swisha ima fill it up with weed ima blow it like a whistle
 i damnear smoke too much .
 you think they have weed in heaven
 feel like i den smoked 20 blunts in this damn club
 sooooo i got like 5 blunts coming back to crib of texas dope.  who to smoke it with
 when will @vice smoke me out
 there is weed in heaven. 
 baby hit this weed and let it calm you down.
 highest grade marijuana directed from the farmer...
 @vice @buzzfeed im a gemini great conversationalist  have bizarre interests looking @ you vice  and just really love weed
 shower amp smoke ritual like fuck rn
 i wish our state level educational governing body had the same level of resourcefulness as a stoner trying to find weed
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well go to a weed farm  and work for it.  you have to pick me up   text me now   derek
 might smoke dick but never crayons
 accident. two lanes blocked in woodbridge on old brg rd eb between minnieville rd and occoquan rd  jammed back to smoketown rd dctraffic
 might as well smoke and play cod
 accident. shoulder blocked in woodbridge on old brg rd eb between minnieville rd and occoquan rd  jammed back to smoketown rd dctraffic
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend
 tbt to that one time when i had two days at mount shasta in weed  ca and it was clear skies the 
 going to smoke a blunt w my baby at his job then gym
 if u just boom to smoke not just enough to re up just stop you wasnt built for this. if you have no long term goals your a dub
 shawty roll up  ima smoker. we flyin high  they below us.  cleanculture  cambergang 
 bout to smoke this motherfuckerrr
 most of the blunts i smoked yesterday  i faced em
 thats a big weed.  acastev22017  acasotier  adventurecycling @ glamis sand dunes 
 whos tryna smoke after i take this midterm  hit my line
 @aaronendsley i intend to. i just turned it on and no smoke d
 yeah ima hit the lake for these edits and weed smoke  i might run that bitch too
 if a female smokes im automatically turned off 
 be my girlfriend and well go on long cruises as we smoke blunts
 all there is here to do is spread ya legs or smoke ya life away 
 @prisonplanet @nicklynjohn his uncle snoop is a big tall turd smoke dopingidiot put his ass back in prison snoopused
 if you snapchat me tryna preach some bullshit bout weed just know ima read it  laugh my ass off  block you  then roll another backwood
 @beautifulsavag2 @packingranny @janmorganmedia  yes 2 weed out snowflakes from application pool  
 this weed toooooo fucking loud.
 ima smoke it till its gone
 i dont smoke but i might roll one 
 myluckycharmis this blunt im about to smoke 
 i am a strong supporter of weed
 @vice i wouldnt go for ditch weed  but low thc farm cut is ugly but cheap and wont take you out. i get it.
 baby all i smoke is 
 @3230poppystreet its just packing. those smokers slap their packs. stoners roll their joints. we dippers pack our cans.
 the smoke column on greenupfire located on .@bigcypressnps  usfws  flfire 
 former nfl player chris houston discussing cannabis treatment for profession players in recovery at hemp amp garden 
 @smolbatprincess @areyouokayalex @fantabbilous im absolutely getting in on this. were going to put on sheet masks amp smoke 
 me and emilio just smoked like 6 bowls and were ab to go back again. brb
 mom did you see the place on cape pkwy that prescribes medical marijuana  dadyeah  i think im getting a crick in my neck
 im not trying to be that guy or anything but i might bring legal weed to lansing.  might 
 im smoke this joint then ima break you off.
 my boy @jccaylen just smoke 3 blunts at once. goat  
  big smoke
 @ddnalepoc @jchelaa @dwelllsss we getting smoked  
 smoke a little weed on a thursday night 
 im not gay but what i look into a girl is big ass big tits and they smoke loud  
 baby it go down when you mix head amp marijuana
 @gorostietaedwin ima smoke you 
 alright ill ress up  ive got weed @ annonymous 
 thanks  weed. 
 hate being sober  ima smoker
 knowing how 12 works he prolly smoked it.... 
 im not into weed.  but that is great.
 alright ill fess up  ive got weed @ annonymous 
 rub my back while i smoke this dope
 if mfs come to jersey on that stuntin shit mfs getting smoked my city show no love 
 when in doubt smoke it out
 oh what kind of ultrapure alien weed are you vaping these days
 ima smoke it 
 this weed really calm me down
 might just smoke a bowl and hit the hay.... prob the best decision.
 possible imparement to driver by marijuana
 @braxtoncaudill bruh our head manager smokes loud 
 pros cheap or maybe no rent at all  1520 mins from seattle  and if youre a weed smoker u can smoke it legally. cons living with me
 ima sip it till i feel it and smoke it till its done.
 summer lacrosse leagues are being organized for the town of hempstead residents entering grades 
 i finally got my weed 
 might smoke a pound with latto 
 clear heels limited sizes left ..  smoke black in store today..   visit us at 3309 s holden rd 
 ima smoke amp go to chickfila right about now
 willingboro  nj dwelling fire 48 courtland lane. first due pulled up with medium smoke showing from the garage. used all hands  now uc.
 breaking smoke seen billowing on @citygrandrapids sw side near the padnos on emperor st. amp national ave. we have 
 @therealelp have you finally smoked some weed
 i really stopped smoking as much as i use to  not cause i needed to but i just couldnt allow the weed to smoke me out
 @flatbushave most def if you getting smoked up on the l you 2 peating or you not gonna see the blunt for a min
 dupont crop protection colleagues providing guidance on weed resistance and herbicide programs to conquer resistance 
 hit this weed cause it may calm you down
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 st patricks revenge our smokin mary with jamesonwhiskey localbacon and a smoked paprika 
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well go to a weed farm   that i can stay at   ask for derek  
 500k to teach text people not to smoke   500k on the sights and signs of medieval period ... we wont cut that but will mealsonwheels 
 i walk into most cyphers knowing my weeds the loudest. 
  im the new smoke show  the gravel flyin when your slidin down that ol back road. new music here 
 @romefortune ravioli red raspberry winnebago that i rented in the winter when i met her in jamaica. said do you lie to drink  like 2 smoke
 crispy ninam ranch pork belly with pipian sauce amp smoked pepitas at bracerococina. mexican 
 happy st. patricks day. alecbradely smokeacigar filthyhooligan @ smokers haven 
  original thought process rather than smokescreen swarmyness.what a shock. what a relief. usafirst
  original thought process rather than smokescreen swarmyness.what a shock. what a relief. usafirst
 @brianstocking i get thathes my favorite nba player since birdbut they often weed themselves out when theyre not very good by year 12.
 i agree that @nerdlandmovie is a great one to smoke to 
 @ralphlaurendonn fuck the smokee  lets ride downtown with the boards ima hit you up
 jerseycitylawyer maine delays effective date of antidiscrimination provisions of recreational marijuana 
 to smoke this bowl before work or deal with these mfs sober 
 medical grade weed plus piss grade beer
 aint hit no weed today 
 closed due to accident in franklin on dempsey rd both ebwb between s hempstead rd and winfree traffic 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm u down
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 home alone till 1 might ass well smoke a couple of blunts
 roll my weed while i rub on ya ass 
 closed due to accident in franklin on dempsey rd both ebwb between s hempstead rd and winfree traffic 
 hit this weed because it might calm you down
 we cant spell sober  we smoke strong boy
 snoop smokes 81 blunts a day. i take 2 hits and pass out.
 i stay to myself and smoke my loud 
 im tryna roll up some blunts and smoke them shits
 accident  center lane blocked in memorialpark on 610 w lp nb at hempstead  stop and go traffic back to i10 the katy fwy  delay of 3 mins
 hungry @ smoke bbq in charleston  sc 
 ill smoke for ya  
 someone is smoking weed sam ya i heard the loud hahahha what
 nice to be back in your orbit boys. i think you might understand the show better than we do and the smoke is just 
 accident in manheimtwpyorkco. on smoketown rd both nbsb at tannery rd traffic 
 i done smoked 3 blunts 
 my nigga stop letting bitches smoke ya weed for free lls
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 u might get smoked like this newport
 @vice weediqute is my shitiqute
 my friend gone be mad when she get out the shower cause me amp the baby finna be knocked on her bed  we suppose to watch this movie amp smoke 
 might get smoked like a ciggady
 to my boy just smoked a blunt in the bar  im weaaakkkkk
 what about a great british bakery show but its ppl who grow weed
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 ima go smoke again n a min than dance to some dancehall 
 shower   smoke   sleep 
 smoke  shower  then smoke again 
 the weed is loud
 up for no reason so i might as well go watch the sunrise  and smoke a cigar
 i should go to the gym but ima just smoke this blunt and play 2k
 this mf texts me can i get some bitch sex or weed lmao tf
 my head is throbbing like a motherfucker. i should have smoked.
 theres no more weed myleastfavorite4words
 ion care about ya ex girlfriend  come and smoke a blunt with ya girlfriend
 @dailyblazex city a weeds thanks for ya follow
 my cousin literally text me i got the gas tell all your friends  thanks as if i smoke  she not bout to get me caught up
 mine is this...the original tomb raider series is bad and the remake absolutely smokes them. 
 myleastfavorite4words im out of weed 
 hemp against the machine  uma banda que toca musicas do rage against the machine com letras do planet hemp em cima
 woke to the smoke filling my place at 3 a.m. everything smells smokeysmokey today ....going snooping for firemen  thankful
 @dontbejaelous cut up today . enjoy your 21 g. smoke 21 gs 
 @ohgoshtyra i damn near was finna hit u up to smoke too 
 someone smoke with me pls  i feel a hangover creeping up  and i want to stop it before it hits me
 stats reb a ryan 10 hemp 11   tovers ar 5 hemp 8   blocks a ryan 2   hemp 717 a ryan 1021
 me and cliff bout to smoke this dope dahighway
 ill never forget when addington told us that black tar heroin is cheaper than weed
 im told 610 cars are on fire at franks auto parts. black smoke billowing over the milwaukees southside. no inju 
 ima smoke these cops and this blunt
  we outta weed now    me after the 10th blunt   myleastfavorite4words 
 2nd half stats reb a ryan 8 hemp 13   tovers ar 4 hemp 8    block ar 1 hemp 1    923 hemp field.   ar 1120
 jase made me get out and take pics w these weeds even tho i just had on pajamas and no bra 
 @american1765 sorry  bimbo... this is here and now  the 21st century. your redneck reefer madness is nothing but a bad joke from the 20th
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm ya down .. 
 accident in wantagh on wantagh pkwy sb at the southern pkwy  stop and go traffic back to hempstead tpk  delay of 7 mins traffic
 getting ready for a little birthdayhousewarming party with some smoked baby back ribs and 
 i smoked a blunt with soulja boy. hows your saturday going
 i dont smoke but i might roll one.. 
 i have the flu and i threw up from 3am to 4pm and it stopped when i finally smoked some weed so ya it works
 @patrickbrown17 holy shut the smoke was so dam thick on west broad st we couldnt see going through town pawfire just called in west fire l
 vaping  its marijuana out of a machine 
 and weed wacked.
 great great record for them and they smoke live 
 accident  two lanes blocked in valleystream on the southern st pkwy wb at fletcher ave  stopped traffic back to hempstead ave traffic
 one day ill have very own ranch with all kinds of animals happy ones. im gonna feed my cattle amp horses cannabisjust kiddin
 i hate being sober imma smoker
 i spilled some catnip and my grandma yelled at me for wasting the weed .
 accident cleared in valleystream on the southern st pkwy wb at fletcher ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 6 mins
 this might be the night i smoke 
 brb bout to riding around listening to free smoke just because
 let me run back free smoke
 if you smoke  get ya own kush..dont hit a nigga blunt 
 mannn. i just want to smoke a phat ol blunt rn 
 nigga cliff been dead since earlier we smoked 6 blunts
 i smoke blunts on ya head . while you bitchin
 your mcm smokes corn and reggie
 hemp oil vs. cannabis oil  who wins  luvcures @ living ultraviolet inc. 
 i just smoked a blunt w ya girlfriend
 when the weed hits you 
 the smell of weed is strong.
 all we smoke is loud until im quiet
 beauty and beast or netflix.. your fears away. rap battle..smoke weed..whatever make you function..
 i had to run free smoke back because 
 archbishop ryans amin bryant chipped in 7 points  4 boards  2 assists and 2 steals vs. hempfield. @ryanbballfan 
 ryan soph jaquill stone notched 7 points secondquarter trey  3 assists  3 boards and 2 steals vs. hempfield. 
 your mcm still coughs when he smokes 
 finally finished cleaning my house now to smoke a blunt and relax
 if you want stop smoke some blunts partake in some remy at the crib bang my line.
 i just smoked a blunt with yo girlfriend
 bout to smoke this whole 8th to myself 
 i be stuntin im in my bed finna smoke
 i spilled weed amp guts all over my bed  fuck me
 @airieannalane well looks like i just have to smoke a few blunts  thanks drake
 i admire my blunts for i smoke em o
 i admire my blunts for i smoke em
 sunday spotlight candymaker takes expert skills to medical marijuana industry  edibles weed cannabis newmexico
 when you roll the blunts  but cant smoke em ltlt
 shower smoke sleep 
 the weed is loud
 im trying to smoke one of my followers and stroke them guts out after
 @iamlegand97 nobody  smoked athens dry
 rolled me two blunts to smoke in the tub  we outchea
 ima just smoke this blunt and play this album
 cfds ventilation unit clears smoke from large structures. 
 cfds ventilation unit clears smoke from large structures. 
 baby just smoked 
 @radalcoholporn uh... i smoke weed so i dont have to surround yourself with vodka. xd you should try it.
 deja vu all over again...and again...and again weed killer roundup faces new doubts on safety in unsealed documents 
 and smoke blunts 
 @jruthmitch @dominiquelynn when she kicked over the bong everyone sees it amp brakes it convinces them it wasnt her  they smoke her up
 your mcm smoke reggie stem blunts 
 @historyinpix great pic but how can you type and smoke at the same time 
 bruh  this man deadass just texted me i quit weed today  and jerking off  lmaolmaolmao bye
 @ the same time i need a friend that is down to text me all the time amp not be boring amp smoke occasionally amp be a fan of nba or nfl
 and all i smoked is weed i could only imagine how nicotine withdrawals are
 ya mcm smoke like this 
 boulder is covered in smoke today over 1 000 homes have already been evacuated  @ nobonorth 
 93 smoke strong 
 me on march 25th when he comes im so pumped. i rolling a backwood for smoke and pump please take it  
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you downi rub your feet listenin to everything you talkin boutstraight out the streets im grimy
 the park and smoke 
 yalls  blue dream is just another name for trash weed
 fwm and smoke to
 i smoke 2 blunts before i smoke 2 blunts and some 2 blunts after 
 @itschubbzy smoke reggie blunts
 when we have our class reunion its gone be a big geek session cause everybody smoke now 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 when the smokes clears and the hype is over im gone be the one they wish they didnt try to 
 | ima drink up  ima smoke some keep it moving  it was nice to know ya boy watch me leave you ghost to me 
 being able to smoke weed freely in public is such a great feeling
 cassies into weed. 
 and i smoke so much thrax
 erie smoke blanket from a forest fire just outside of boulder today is a stark and salient 
 someone will have graffitied over this bout 3 minutes later with a penis or cannabis leaf or something 
 i hate driving for weed why dont ya deliver
 not tryna smoke another wood my lung might fall out
 john sanders teaching a cooking with cannabis class today. picture taken by kysa. you go john. cookingwithcannabis 
 same ill smoke ya out 
 3.5 blunts what a smoke nigga  
 shoutout @vice for putting boubacar traore in the kings of cannabis segment
 my nigga smoke with 1 lungif he cough  he might die
 be back in town in about 2 hrs who trynna smoke
 @dallassansom @shellong66 @carrimanion @rookieb @breenacres lets line em up on the hiway. my money the denali smokes your nana vans
 flavors for ya best weed in the town exotics and loud platinum og sour  tahoe kush 8ths 3540 
 some one i could talk to an smoke blunts with
 finna smoke this loud amp clear my mind amp relax 
 shower weed is the best weed. 
 post photo shoot supper. @ parkers smokehouse  @parkerslincoln in lincoln  ne w @mcberch 
 family in town march madness cabo fish taco  midwood smokehouse chima steakhouse  butterbeer pancakes 
 i just smoked a blunt w yo girlfriend
 how many blunts have we smoked  not enough
 accident  right lane blocked in hempstead on the southern st pkwy eb at hempstead ave traffic 
 smoking a blunt while waiting to smoke while finally listening to this more life
 uh 12 weed need some weed to smoke
 50 mins till i can smoke a fat ass bling
 pretend to smoke a cigarette  
 duke aint let black people on the team until 2012 so its fitting that they run into a mf named sindarius and get smoked
 there might be some weed in this blunt
 ima get off for a few and smoke one
 finally  i can smoke a blunt worry free
 so i hit up my weedman to get my regular order cause im stressed
 habernasch came home a little early as the sunshinefire smoke has died down. still have to run the ac and close wi 
 college is great you can just walk down the hall for aderall or weed
 i smoked a blunt with a blood and two crips today i threw up my owl sign cause omerts brings the streets together
 @mcfaul feels like we are being prepped to accept smoke without fire  desensitized to a new normal. dream of a day integrity returns
 finally back home bout to smoke me on 
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well go to a weed farm  and work for it.   you can pick me up   tonight now  derek  text me at
 just smoked a dome blunt  ran out of blunts. want to roll another  need more blunts  sos
 smell of smoke strong right now sunshinefire mapletonhill
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  i need you to pick me up  in a car  and take me to a weed farm   today   in  6 days   that i can stay at
 good lean ima dranker good weed ima smoker head on a boat out in boca     ha  
 i hate being sober ima smoker
 @kcslater  performing live march 24th up in smoke 222 s. broad st. kcslater soapbox 
  my girlfriends trying to figure out how to bring weed to cancun  nahh yo 
 you like to smoke that lala ... amp roll that fire
 where there is smoke there is fire.  no such thing as coincidences. russiahearings
  bampc market bbq specials today  smoked   smoked salmon  amp grits come see us @ 900 rosa l. parks blvd. 
 @3godd you might as well come now cause i wannaneed to smoke you my life line with the transpo. lol 
 @southernliving i strongly recommend a trip way down the bayou to @houmacvb louisiana and visit big mikes. try the grilled smoked boudin.
 dear driver im front of me  you might want to get your weed tested if im receiving a contact high driving behind you dammmn
 we smoke the loud like nicotine
 @kcslater  performing live march 24th up in smoke 222 s. broad st. kcslater soapbox 
 hit the weed once amp got cross eyed.
 ma ya mcm always got weed but his pantry empty
 ill roll ya weed baby give ya what ya need baby 
 i be breakin down pounds off weed  ima trap queen 
 chicago is a great place to not feel bad about being a scumbag. did you smoke cigarettes in the shower well it was a tuesday .
 i might be the only person i know thatll go from listening to red hot chili peppers to smoke camp chino in one playlist
 big news coming up on todays wampb smoke circle stay tuned
 @bombasslonyee trrruuu fuck em just gotta hit that weed and stop giving a fuck
 we sliding like a mf taxxiiii   had to stop amp smoke good gass w the bro  @ lincoln park  
 the weed in texas is on another level.
 i just smoked a blunt w your girlfriend
 @engvallpodcast hey bill  smoked pork butt w mustard and this rub called rub your butt @lowes   amazing pulled pork. rub night b4
 are you kidding  @thejuanwilliams you mentioned precedent and then tell @ericbolling hes out in the weeds because he cites precedent wth
 ificouldmaketimestandstill i go to a medical marijuana shop and steal all the weed
 major major fire in overland park  kansas affecting dozens and dozens of homes. smoke showing on radar. 
 @bmsnetwork isthe the pussy madison show now anti weed
 @rosscavittwsb i woke up to the smell of smoke.
 baby hit this weed cuz it may calm you down 
 naan stops new single lazy susan drops 322  catch em live with ro hempel this thursday 
 back to working out and getting fit  lets go baby   @ north hempstead aquatic activity center 
 hit this weed it may calm you down 
 partners hemp factory our cannabinoid extraction laboratory will be built  luvcures 
 placed scotts weed amp seed before its time amp killed the grass instead of the weeds. weeds are doing great. brown spots r getting fewer.
 @hollybell8 haha. the smoke traveled down to southern kansas.
 @tuckercarlson putting another one in the smoker..
 @ayyepap you gon marry me or ima smoke yo ass 
 yoooo check my texts i must smoke weed weed imustsmokeweed 
 rub my back and smoke a blunt
 if both of them smoke weed  might as well match for the 1 time  
 thats the only damage. no leaking  or smoke or overheating
 if you smell weed in the subways follow the smell and you just might get smoked out 
 man  i hate being sober. ima smoker 
 this weed so loud it has me depressed
 @sooflly i shouldnt smoke them mf my head hurting
 bounce  bounce smoke a ounce  
 ima pass out after i smoke
 im positive humboldt park was ready for smoke
 every time i hear kodaks line you cant smoke no black amp mild with me on no flockin i think of @deezywe
 i am not a smoker deadass living with baby lungs i start tweaking like a mf . gimme that henny thoughhhh
 the hov line on free smoke is epic
 shower smoke then sleep
 if i lost my hips lmaooo id be built like that old school auntie that smoke newports amp wore stunna shades amp baby phat.
 @joxn alder smoked. close
 i just smoked a blunt con tu novia.
 circle k sold me blunt wraps picked up some taco cabana bout to grub and smoke a blunt
 i smoked and wrote two fire ass songs back to back 
 goodmorning hempstead today is the day to vote row b and finally make don ryan mayor 
 more smoke. might actually be a fire. dumptrump resistance 
 accident in easthempfieldtownship on hempland rd both ebwb at centerville rd traffic 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 irony. treasonsgreetings for all. build the wall around the russiawhitehouse till we smoke em all out. russiagate 
 i only smoke blunts if they roller proper. the notorious b.i.g.
 i havent smoked in a min happytweet
 welp imma have to quit smoken for awhile 
 when the smoke clears...ealu
 all i care about is money and the city that im from  ima sip until i feel it ima smoke until its done
 ya mcm skipped out on gettin his oil changed to buy 2 grams of weed
 when @itsmarieeee hit ya up to smoke a blunt  
 @softykjr the nba is never going back to the key.  just a smokescreen by mayor and his minions.
 your mcm smokes mids
 afroman colt 45  me 2 zig zags baby thats all we need. we can go to the park after dark smoke that tumbleweed 
 im up this early  no reason. might as well smoke amp hike
 @spectrorect @doctorsoop do aderall and smoke cigarettes with me
 i wonder if nfl players would trade playing on thursday nights for excluding marijuana from the banned substance list. @chrisharrisjr nfl
 would you accept this date with me and we smoke hella blunts before and after @katycrouse 
 @chelseahandler smoke a bowl with ya boy
 event alert wicked weed tap takeover at the glass jug on april 6th 410pm  @glassjug @wickedweedbeer
 why is finding weed nearly impossible these days
 why has jalin turned me into a smoker 
 milwaukee weed man be un consistent with loud 
 get ready monarch elementary students.. pork butts are going on the smoker now for tomorrows lunch. @johnnycarino 
 @tylercondrey93 smoked marlboro reds and touched me far too often lol
 how much nicotine is in weed
 @holdmybluntt ty for your follow. wish the us wasnt ready to fill prisons with folks who use cannabis. its so the rich can make more
 and she replied with you can smoke outside 
 accident in hempstead on the southern st pkwy eb before hempstead ave  stop and go traffic back to central ave  delay of 9 mins traffic
 shout out to the great weed men in the world. yall make this place great.
 in 3rd grade when we smoked paper w our retarded asses  
 .@phillymayor .@freedomisgreen  lets make philadelphia the east coasts diverse cannabis sanctuary. cut the feds of 
 i just smoked 3 cigs back to back im going to d i e
 photo mount bromo emitting smoke 
 accident in northwestlasvegas on rainbow blvd at smoke ranch rd vegastraffic 
 gibson how is marijuana consumed bangley not usually smoked  tinctures  oils  edibles.. fields state is deciding what is allowed
 meek mill taking another l with free smoke.
 @fourtoedjones @b2thegacsa go smoke a bizzole
 im about to take the longest shower amp find me some weed
 follow smokepurpp new account @lilpurp1017 and tell twitter to give his old shit back 
 hit this weed it might calm you down
 kissing my baby back ribs w some jack daniels smoke.... @ renes smokehouse 
 i smoke blunts in your mf honor
 swear with all the blunts i smoke  my roaches alone be 2 to3 good ass roachie blunts
 afroman said colt 45 and two zigzags baby thats all i need we can go to the park after dark and smoke that...  me 
 i cant spell sober ima smoker shak he drinker scrap on molly water 
 if i take this job imma be staying in chico  weed  ashland and medford. 
 i finally got my mom out of hers. and she lets me smoke now. outside lol 
 32020 old hempstead rd  magnolia  tx 77355  174 240 
 dont get angry when my moms smokes pot  hits the bottle and goes back to the rock
 loud smoke in the 
 drank and ill hit da smoke 
 right now in my life   everything is about growth.  if it feel like a weed   ima cut it out. 
 lets smoke later
 now why did my smoke alarm just randomly go off 
 lmfao cause omm ill br a smoke cracking ass nigga 
 @themattbowers who smokes the blunts we smoke the blunts
 so my homeboy hit me to smoke an kickit an then never hit me back 
 smoke weed after staying sober all night 
 @edwardnorton five planes more @redhourben no more five plane @010the yeah take that plane out i send weed cookies via the frig it full tu
 @edwardnorton coffee @redhourben i steal some water @010the had it all in like a minute then a soda to calm down a hit of weed not a toker
 @sparksnugget rooms facing loud railyards  constant noise from surrounding rooms  non smoking room with constant smoke coming into it.
 my foot is smoked man
 hit the gas the gas watch me levitate...once the smoke clears we evaporate...
 i just cashed out so i might smoke ya bitch out
 lets get this right @nfl  players rape  beat up  hard drugs  but @kaepernick7 helpingprotesting or weed smokers 
 baby  its 3oclock in the mornin  go home.... the baby turned and looked at me and goes  nigga im sellin weed  got a family to feed 
 @sethsuida i might be on the free smoke train
 @droozilla remember g20 in quebec city like 20 years ago. cnn on scene in  riot  they showed big smoke and punk rockers. wold panicking
 bout to smoke 1 and gone release the  fcuk it 
 @camtrups @samsuxx did you guys end up finding a new weed den
 follow hush hemp on linkedin 
 follow hush hemp on facebook 
 holliston ma on cold spring reported smoke in the dwelling
 follow hush hemp on instagram  
 holliston caller is a postman. delivering mail noticed alarms and smoke in the dwelling no occupants around
 ima smoke loud when the feds watch 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 i hit that smoke with you
 maybe we can weed out rescue groups that just steal dogs now 
 @pudgeo87 ima hit you when i touchdown in june. have that smoke on deck phew
 big smoke
 great conference. learned so much about cannabis industry. not much different than the turf growers. at @flysfo 
 everybody follow the top smoke @dancirelli
 new menu testing going on right now smoked @islandcreek w pork shoulder  vadouvan hollandaise 
 i get to smoke blunts with haley later 
 when in doubt smoke it out
 @jessedain @theonevortex @vinnylingham @tuurdemeester @cars4ever u r not capable of knowing when smoke clears to time reentry.
 being tall is great   until you smoke your head on a shower rod
 chain smoke the loud till i forget my name
 @wsazbrittany ask him if he believes marijuana might alleviate the need for opiates.
 @chinadelaghetto prays for reefer and penis
 @tmksespn context for prior tweet. while gambling he smoked cigars and drank. he couldnt survive doing that in todays nba.
 i want to smoke at a park   whos down 
 try our house made brioche stuffed with mushroom duxelles and smoked ham. gudrun steveston richmondbc vancity 
 stop and go traffic in bellaire on 610 w lp nb between fournace and hempstead  accident cleared at hempstead  delay of 17 mins traffic
 stop and go traffic in bellaire on 610 w lp nb between fournace and hempstead  delay of 17 mins traffic 
 rollin fatties  smokin blunts. whos smokes blunts we smoke blunts
 if you smoke   fwm 
 @foxnews @thefive @bretbaier specialreport my my my no surveillance first deny  2nd incidental collection  3rd smoke has turned into fire
 two cars stopped to let me jaywalk on the way back from the weed shop. i am home.
 more smoke. its a dumpster fire now dumptrump resistance 
 sb 5 @ smokey bear  traffic collision w overturned vehicle back on wheels chp 
 sunset through the smoke from beach blvd jacksonville fl @actionnewsjax @firstalertwx @wxgarrett @mikefirstalert 
 sunset through the smoke from beach blvd jacksonville fl @actionnewsjax @firstalertwx @wxgarrett @mikefirstalert 
 your mcm smokes all his reup 
 @reckless the rcp report you cited extensively documents and cites info about smokefree nicotine 
 you guys are so hype  smoke some weed
 stop and go traffic in bellaire on 610 w lp sb between hempstead and fournace  delay of 17 mins traffic 
 i need more girlfriends that smoke 
 @djbreezeog lil bro got everything smoked boudin links. pepperjack  boudin links. amp last but 
 @braincandylive were watching you at @saengernola  my kids want to know how did you build the giant smoke ring machine
 @braincandylive these 2 want to know how you built the giant smoke ring machine @saengernola 
 toperope german @wweneville did on 205live woulda gone more fluid if the giant heads in the sky didnt have him take a 15min smokebreak
 @ac360 @carlbernstein i totally agree its a smokescreen
 might hit the gym tonight after i smoke.
  believer one deez dayz we gone smoke out guerito chulo 
 cant hear ya bullshit cause my weeds too loud
 the weed loud oh you said sum in the spot finna roll one  @boochieboo1044
 @mikefirstalert you said @5 the smokeheat was creating its own weather. did this aid in the showers you mentioned in your 1000 broadcast
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down..
 baby  it goes down when you mix henny amp marijuana 
 all i do is smoke big cigarettes.
 3rd edition of my little black book of marijuana later this year will include states legalizing since 2nd edition i 
 her music is great to smoke to an drawpaint togtgtgt 
 ma ya mcm gonna ask you to go over to smoke and play zombies.
 @kcslater  performing live friday march 24th up in smoke 222 s. broad st. kcslater 
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 youre not from portland unless you smoke farm raised free ranged blunts. its 2017 guys
 i smoke big blunts all day  you okay w that
 met ryan seacrest and his smoke of a girlfriend nbd but kbd
 when the smoke clears... ill be right here
 and somebody just asked for weed. i might pretend im sleep 
 guess ima smoke two blunts to the head
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well go to a weed farm  and work for it.  ask for derek  youre driving .
 lets smoke hella blunts
 @katyperry heavenly face....not only commending you katy....for doing such a fantastic job staying clear of cigarettes and weed 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 my team has a veganic line of cannabis we grow veganorganically grown and we finally have it dialed in. this batch is fire
 sheriff 2 pounds of marijuana found during traffic stop cc @heraldcourier @wcsovapio 
 all they do is smoke blunts and have sex in the bathrooms then go back to their computers
 best line from the @nytimes interview with @johnmayer im actually very thoughtfully entering cannabis life 
 how i feel after i smoke weed i need a shower 
 the fire is at timber ridge farm. smoke is still coming out as crews work to contain it. wgme 
 moss beach smokestacks itty bitty lifeinmarina @ fort ord dunes state park 
 lawmakers propose legalizing recreational marijuana in illinois  32317  illinoisnews wzoe  
 @kaytecesare i do it in big doses so i can smoke it all in one sitting
 got a lot of weed ya can smoke what ya want
 @mguhl53 mr. galvin  have you ever used a ouija board mr. galvin weed yeah ive done weed before
 fun times at the park with the lil fellas my shoulders are smoked 
 kmr smoke machine. kylemohanracing @fredricaasbo rematch. looking forward to a great year of 
 i want alll the smoke
 accident  left lane blocked in eastmeadow on wantagh pkwy sb at hempstead tpk  stop and go traffic back to old country rd  delay of 7 mins
 what possessed me to smoke my brothers blunt just now 
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well go to a weed farm  and work for it.  well set up a weed farm.  ask for derek  
 @mfjen smoke 420 blunts
 me  penis  and weed  
 @malcomvetter @seantmalone @verisgroup thats what happens to fraudulent companies with a toxic corporate culture built upon smoke amp mirrors
 @evecorley08 calm yo ass down smoke
 like this tweet if u smoke weed im trying to get to 200k and for some reason i have a huge weed head following so this might work
 first rack of baby back ribs out of the newold smoker marin bayarea oak realwoodsmokers 
 headed to the park to smoke one.
 how often do you smoke weed
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 stop by our smoke shop in westportkc before the kubball game kansascity 
 tall girls wear heels on the first date to weed out the unworthy
 and another 500 000 people loiter and smoke cigarettes on @appletonpublib sidewalk 
 you guys do not want this smoke kingdomdarts dartwars alright thatsit toomuchsauce tmoky 
 @speakerryan best presser ever  pretty sure robot ryan just blew a fuse. i saw smoke pouring out from under his collar. suckitupbuttercup
 march 28th is national weed appreciation day
 zag nation can finally relax holy smokes. to the elite 8
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 .@bourbonhouse servin two great tacosal pastor on flour tortilla and smoked butternut squash  mushroom jerky  wil 
 california weed got the world beat  yal niggas aint yal 4 feet  happy gday big sauce 
 el bars backyard is like a playpen of smokers and the bouncers are the teachers aids shushing them every 5 minutes
 @joshukorutesu @gallegojack @jeffxgeee @andyyumms @kobemalosi yeeehaa smoke a blunt 
 @joshukorutesu @gallegojack @jeffxgeee @andyyumms @kobemalosi lame ass foo smoke a blunt weenie
 so uncs road to the championship game will include butler  one of ukucla  and then likely kansas. holy smokes.
 kinda messed up how i have to smoke amp take a shot or two to feel calm..
 going to the rock with my boy to relax and smoke a couple blunts 
 whatever direction my life go in i just gatta smoke and accept
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm u down
 nobody wants smoke w k dot  debate ya homies
 me and evan waiting to smokeeee these blunts lmao
 up amp horny..the usual. ima go smoke myself to sleep
 accident reported in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb approaching hempstead tpk traffic 
 accident cleared in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb approaching hempstead tpk traffic 
 this is how it goes when i tell @jacknagy259 @ndrc22 and @cbdoublel22 that i could smoke em. roll through kp boys 
 on what how to smoke weed and steal ha whatajoke thuglife 
  @tonystewart @tonystewartrcg ty 4 update on smoke take anything factual we can thanks 4 explaining ill handling
 operation rolling thunder ended last night. more than 139k  105k grams weed  8k grams cocaine  4k grams heroin sei 
 @emilystaton smoke weed
 his some weed from my little brother so he wouldnt steal it and 2 months later i finally remember where i put it 
 great presentation  comprhensive tribal smoke free policy @raewithane @canlicoalition great work you have much to 
  bampc  market bbq specials today  snoked ribs  smoked salmon  succotash come see us @ 900 rosa l. parks blvd. 
 chillax n smokeeee
 when the trumprussia smoke clears  the only one left in the line of succession 
 lemme just smoke my blunt amp calm down
 interested in a pit controller for your @officialprimo or @biggreenegg smoker  kickbooster via @kickboostr
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 cleaned up the crib now shower and smoke one 
 im trynna smoke some hookah with some loud in it habibizting
 best part of writing a paper on marijuanna for uni 1 knowing how well i will do 2 knowing how greatrewarding the smoke will be after.
 blocked the weed man because he texted me back k 
 commenter 3 im worried about the unsafe consumer  not smokers who will do their best to follow the laws.
 im trying to smoke and then head over to the con so i can reg 
 im w alll the smokeeeee 
 its so nice  if you hit me today ill smoke with ya. stoner shit
 keep calm and smoke 96 @  
 someone smoke out ya boy 
 pretends to smoke cigs so i can have 7 min breaks and just sit in my car 
 2017 goals late  pass 7th grade  get my cousins number  eat some ass  see a tity  smoke the wheat
 @yungnatedogg taco on god i thought i gave u that hoe but i lowkey said that out of pure tom brady happiness  ill smoke you out dis week
 she goes in there and smokes a line of coke megan
 el trabuco 1844 the expert and novice smokers will enjoy the rich texture and aroma of 
 @presgaslight this illegal immigrant situation is very alarming  the two big news stories  the hempstead  ny one is close to where i live
 special skills include pointing out which car on the freeway is smoking a blunt because of the weed i can smell while driving home
 el trabuco 1844 limited edition  the expert and novice smokers will enjoy the rich texture and 
 @youtube yes i did smoke crack and crystal @courtneyfriel but i built my own business @micahktla and kept it for 30 years @stevegdla
 this vape got me at the perfect level.  not too fried and not sober. cause that shit i smoked wit ave had me fried
 i smoked w him once at his place and when he got hgh his southern drawl came out even more and im crying rmring that night rn ughh .ooooga
 come down to prophit apparel @ 6012 smoke ranch rd 80108 
 put that in your pipe and smoke it obamacare dumptrump 
 accident in eastmeadow on wantagh pkwy sb between hempstead tpk and before the southern pkwy  stopped traffic back to old country rd
 accident in eastmeadow on wantagh pkwy sb between hempstead tpk and before the southern pkwy  stopped traffic ba... 
 so scrapp from lhhatl gets prison time for weed but these white boys get a slap on the wrist for raping people. yallchristianstho 
 @edmangano what now ed did you see alien not released to ice raped a 2year old babystabbed babygirls mother in hempstead @tuckercarlson
 ima smoke this bleezy first tho 
 finna my smoke these 3 blunts with my sister 
 accident in clark on decatur blvd at smoke ranch rd vegastraffic 
 hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 hahaha a lot of smoke on the right.  paul ryan obamacare is the law of the land  
 olli smokes  what a snipe @golondonknights defendthethrone
 sip n smoke. somebody hit up my phone 
 this nigga k jigga act like he cant smoke without listening to teenage fever 
 @nachopicasso how bout we smoke before your show in chicago 
 what a game of runs. @uwwbb smoked msu in the firstthird quarters  msu turned the tables in secondfourth. time for someone to get hot.
 i got 1 nug leff but ima roll up a bloontski and smoke this muhh fukka inna tub
 dammmnn i needa smoke this sober life aint for me
 take me a shower then smoke a lebrity
 accident in lasvegas on torrey pines at smoke ranch rd vegastraffic 
 lonzo just threw a 50 foot dime and he smoked it 
 i seen some of the ppl i know in my fake girlfriend inbox ...  free smoke
 heading to nikki beach tonight  only sliding to see them boys @loudpvck lets smoke some blunts guys
 accident in northwestlasvegas on rainbow blvd at smoke ranch rd vegastraffic 
 bridal shower and a weeding tomorrow  
 wooooh smokeeey  
 @jfluffyduffy @ksjulius hows your weed farm
 im bout to smoke slme reggie lmfao
 mmmm cant hear u. weed too loud
 what holy smokes  what a march madness ending
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend 
 i hate being sober  im a smoker 
 573 smoke outs later and i got the follow back from @gelpkeharry 
 at least i can finally smoke tomorrow
 it really dont take that long to smoke two blunts 
 why did i agree to smoke 
 alright so update i smoked myself to sleep at like 5 finally  just woke up and still tweaking lmao yyyyy
 the last generation that have the right to smoke cigarettes. after every queer march its back home to the town of 
 im knowing to always have some of the best smoke in this town.
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well set up a weed farm.  well go to a weed farm  amd work for it.  ask for derek  
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well set up a weed farm.  well go to a weed farm  and work for it.  ask for derek   . 
 just noticed i got twenty plus weed account follow me
 the weed to loud   turn up the volume.
 hugging a cigarette smoker. the one hug will cost you nothing the other a hug will cost your city six million dolla 
 all the 3bets ive folded to 2 @lukeemling  i finally floated  check raised turn amp smoke bet the river big 4 a fold 2 show an airball 52
 rivierabeach structure fire 500blk w 24th st  rbfr units onscene of a 1story home  heavy smoke showing  active fire inside  fire
 sober in a sauna full of blunt smoke
 was going to put myself 4th in line at this very busy express oil but kindly let the car w smoke billowing from hood pull in first.
 this weed calms me from mayhem but im built for war like saiyans
 unc is getting smoked right now
 fgl shouldve released smoke as a single. such a great song
 finally nice enough to get out the @rectecgrills mini to smoke some ribs   pelletgrill 
 might as well smoke a blunt 
 happy birthday to this smoke show  @jhuneyyy @ the madison 
 does weed have nicotine in itmeghan
 its the ones that smoke blunts wit ya.
 spring brake beach   booze  weed  bongs   thongs  big ol titties and testicles  surf and turf  red lobster   abs   volleyball  red lobster
 hi guys go follow my weedstagram 
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well set up a weed farm.  well go to a weed farm and work for it.  ask for derek  
 @sinisteragent @kentsutherland smoked paprika is basically everything i cook.
 nhl and mlb players get fines for failing drug tests cause of weed not suspended nba and nfl should do the same
 smoked if you gottem johnny  nothing like a quality smoke to clear the head and do some great thinking  i am so b 
 i smell like popcorn  the great outdoors  perfume  and bbq smoke. great concoction.
 b11 with two outs  chisholm smokes a double down the left field line prairie up 66
  once again  big smoke big drank its kinda warm in cleveland enjoy the weekend ctgenius  
 ima keep smokin till all the smoke is goneeeeee
 let me smoke this gas with my imaginary bae
 if my sandwich tastes like weed the attitude ill have wil be tremendous
 i aint giving out free smoke but smoke is 40 off right now at 7669 melrose ave 
 finally got some weed
 drinking a rising smoke by arrowood farms @ the tavern at the desmond  
 dinner tonight smoked turkey  @ycats29 s corn bread stuffing  brussels sprouts   and jalapeo hominy. 
 rain  fr might drop new song  finna smoke in this weather to bones... so might not
 antelope steak  smoked whole grain mustard glac  chili brussels  jalapeo and bacon grits. 
 my smoke do tricks.
 living and loving back on the farm means weed pulling.  forgot how sore and weak your hand can get.
 canada on some next level weed shizz @ downtown vancouver 
 wanhanen down swinging to start the b3 before wade smokes his 6th double to right center for tcus first hit. tied w barzilli for team lead
 ioun smoke but baby roll up
 and then he throws off the pumpkin head  dons a dragon costume  starts a smoke machine  and end 
 started smokin weed....in the 8th grade 
 we stopped in bens chili bowl for half smokes and beef hot dogs with our cousin  and mrs. ali 
 budaman with 1 lineup smoked the multi entries i might have. to play nba a little more 
 @teflondon305 new album  great smoke music
 accident  two lanes blocked in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy sb at southern state pkwy  stop and go traffic back to hempstead tpk traffic
 if u smoke ima automatically fwu
 uh... ma  ya mcm smoke cigarettes lmfaoooooooo.
 wait ima have to smoke one more
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 ima to smoke 3 blunts to the face
 most uncomfortable smoke break. you telling me about your childhood trauma amp im waiting to ask when the alien abduction fits in
 sitting here in a weed filled blaze. what a gift that the land has gave. ill b smoking till i hit my grave. with a 
 @paulkrugman totally agree. ryan is all talk with zero ability to follow through that with anything. he is completely lost in the weeds
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 where theres smoke  you dig a little deeper like @indystartony did in this great piece of investigative journalism 
 @jhaystrand damn ol barry looks like hes back on the weed as hes been spotted hang with snoop again
 nicotine does not kill smokers  the tar from burning tobacco does. vapor is tarfree. do the math. 95less ecigs vapingsaveslives
 photo mount bromo emitting smoke 
 ima just roll my weed 
 a rescue unit with the fire department was driving by and saw smoke. did a great job getting everyone out safely
 pot roast marijuana grow operation takes a hit in bronx basement blaze 
 sx photogenic  athenathegoddess snakesofinstagram crb columbianrainbowboa @ hempstead long 
 came down from heaven   smoked 97
 when you smoke out raja and shes down to take selfies with you bayarea queen @ downtown san jose 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 bout to go hit fashion show mall amp the weed store.
 low grade ass weed 
 firing up the ol smoker for the last time at the fridley abode. smokedmeats lazysunday @ 
 drinking a smoked wheat by @eightsandbeer @ eight amp sand  
 kotsars girlfriend is a smoke
 come taste hemplify hempextract cbd at @erewhonnatural venice beach march 30 and calabasas march 31  both 112pm 
 @fems2good4trump  trump.pence. boys.  do.  smoke.  screen.to.make.    back.  it. look.at. dog steal. you blind
 frying smoked pork arancini this afternoon at no246atlanta fcancer @ no. 246 
 more easily identifiable waste at @mta  this time @lirr. this west hempstead train sits at valley stream instead of 
 smoke the weed like nicotine
 @usrealitycheck and...in the weeds once again
 we only smoke big kush
 the bestie is back in town and we finally get to celebrate her 13th birthday holy smokes kid 
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well go to a weed farm and work for it.  well set up a weed farm.  ask for derek  
 i need weed in the west valley someone hit my line 
 trump smokes blunts baby 
 im bout to hit a smoke drive ill see it coming 
 what rub our sause do you use for smoked beef ribsaltonbrownlive 
 this product they call march madness just might work out. holy smokes
 about to smoke 21 blunts back to back 
 @furrikko @superscourge300 @teamrandom21 you smoke too
 emma watson is a smoke show 
 shower flow smoke sleep 
 ii smokeeee my head off out wet lil btch
 you can smell weed every 10 mins in chicago 
 getting more comfortable with my @biggreenegg for daily cooks like  and steak. nice amp juicy and great smoke flavor 
 bukoo gars with no weed  great 
 @retrogaydad ignoring the sext part  my moms bf is trying to impress me so hes giving me 3oz of weed.   approved
 @susansarandon are the cigarettes you smoke on the show real feudfx
 cassie needs to hurry her cute little ass up this blunt wont smoke itself
 lmao im convinced if you not from chicago you smoke lil ass blunts. its merched
 about to go buy a dog if that nigga cross me ima smoke his ass
 to we found ourselves chilling in the den with the lights dim drinking beers and smoking weed  listening to 90s rnb from vinyl
 bout to smoke this blunt and play 2k till i crash
 if ya wear vans you smoke weed
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 im about to smoke a blunt in the shower and not gaflay
 tryna slow down on weed cuss this baby back to work 
 the god damn cat spilled my weed
 im trynaaaa smokeeee
 first thing said after getting in an accident today @fennecpuppy hide the weed me i already did
 ima sip it till i feel it  ima smoke it till its done.
 baby hit this weed it might calm you down  ill rub your feet listening to everything you talkin bout...
 @metv thanks for the old gun smoke episodes  and all your programming  its great
 fascinating from @minabloom gt 41 percent of humboldt park residents smoke  survey finds  
 @jstk @prisonplanet i thought it meant doing weed
 @atlwrika01 @bigdaddycane420 i gave a girlfriend a glass dick bong at her bridal shower. we all smoked from it. made great pics.
  rt @nydailynews pot roast marijuana grow operation takes a hit in bronx basement blaze  
 what i smoke might steal yo hoe
  pot roast marijuana grow operation takes a hit in bronx basement blaze 
 yeah ima go get some mf weed
  bampc market bbq specials today  smoked salmon  smoked   amp grits come see us @ 900 rosa l. parks blvd. 
 i create beasts what can i say this lady smoked this cardiostrength circuit then we went and 
 espn might as well let their employees smoke weed cause they forever debating it on first take
 no such thing as a routine car stop. 3rd watch officers seized nearly 12 a kilo of marijuana and a loaded firear 
 accident  left lane blocked in galleria on 610 w lp sb at san felipe  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 10 mins traffic
 disabled vehicle  left lane blocked in galleria on 610 w lp sb at san felipe  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 10 mins
 let no female smoke for free 2k17 not even your girlfriends nigga the smell of double text and hoes is strong this year stay strong my guy
 incident cleared in galleria on 610 w lp sb at san felipe  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 10 mins traffic
 wouldnt be surprise if ol jerr got a tunnel to his closet. he prolly smoke more than the players. 
  bampc market bbq specials today  smoked   smoked salmon  ampgrits come see us @ 900 rosa l. parks blvd 
 burning ac unit  dog shit  cheys blunt smoke 
 boutta graduate soon from all my teachers telling me that my weed to strong 
 alright time to smoke 
 now  either someone on the gold line has been sprayed by a skunk recently  or is carrying the best. weed. ever. mondayiskillingit
 behaviorally you become more calm  mellow and relaxed. ever been upset and smoked a blunt and felt relief
 let illinois get legal recreational weed... im back in chicago like whats hannin
 preregistered for @minnesotadfl @mplsdfl caucuses  great option for ppl like me  but arguably weeds out esl recent immigrant mplsmayor
 yeah we got big bones.. big beef bones  brown sugar  paprika cured  smoked w charred  glacd 
 you be dizzy when you smoke with ya mcm because he rolled up more fronto than weed 
 nigga be rolling backwoods with a .5  might as well smoke a rello bruh 
 ryan closes w his favorite line im hempstead born and im hempstead bred. and when i die ill be hempstead dead. raised on terrace ave.
 ryan closes w his favorite line im hempstead born and im hempstead bred. and when i die ill be hempstead dead. raised on terrace ave.
 ive recently noticed a growing amount of hempstead students that have to get babysat by teachers... sad
 ima sip it till i feel it and ima smoke it till its gone
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 @marykray i smoke woodchips
 finally someone else. an come out to a loud bell and smoke.  undertakerretires
 finally someone else can come out to loud bells and smoke.  undertakerretires
 deadline for abstracts for the @acsnatlmtg cannabis chemistry symposium in august is approaching send me your abstract or submit online
 best brisket ive ever had in madison. @ north and south seafood amp smokehouse  @eatnorthsouthwi in madison  wi 
 when in doubt  smoke one out
 this comment from reddit about why marijuana remains illegal on a federal level 
 i just smoked a blunt wit ya girlfriend
 accident blocks 2 right lanes in brookhollow on 610 w lp sb at hempstead  stop and go traffic back to hwy 290  delay of 1 min traffic
 accident cleared in brookhollow on 610 w lp sb at hempstead  stop and go traffic back to hwy 290  delay of 1 min traffic
 if i got it ima smoke it...
 love my woman thick amp my weed strong
 i graduate dbt iop on 420 lets fuckin smoke   nicotine
 ur mcm smokes cigarettes
 if you just hit me up to just smoke im not going to text you back im getting like 1 000 message of the same shit
 accident reported in westhempstead on the southern st pkwy wb before hempstead ave traffic 
 smok big weed
 when you smoke but trynna stay sober 
 yea that happens to me with papersampdutch. what blunt or leaf you recommend to niggas that barley smoke. call me a h 
 cardboard shit.   you might as well smoke a swisher lol
 free smoke u hea me...datway
 mcm holy smokes @cockyboys  thank you for sharing this gem. sign me up for everything @adamramzixxx is serving 
 big smoke by teezy the heartstoppa  teamheartstoppa 
 @swankbaank but didnt you smoke that swisher at barona back in 2k15 my boy @celisomar16 can confirm
 15 mins to weed this damn thing 
 15 mins to weed this damn thing 
 15 mins to weed this damn thing 
 15 mins to weed this damn thing 
 if unc doesnt smoke gonzaga   they will bring shame to carolina basketball and this is coming from a duke fan
 i smoked a bowl at the bus stop and no one noticed it ninjawin
 can someone just smoke a bowl with me ill get ya back later
 he like his babygirl thick and his weed strong
 @enigma7 i stopped watching to smoke a blunt
 need a smoke sesh w my baby again
 done smoked 4 blunts back to back 
 done smoked 4 blunts back to back 
 ya mcm smokes swishers...no weed in it 
 smoke weed and play 2k 
 might as well smoke one before bed
 i dont smoke so ima go head n sip some for ya boy longlivejmoney
 i know im too high lmaoooo i been hittin an unlit blunt for two mins looking for smoke
 hit the back if you need dope smoke
 anon im about to dip me fasho peace homie 2 min later anon walks back in i guess ill smoke another bowl before i go i love it
 i need my lil baby to know how to roll my weed in addition to knowing how to listen of course
 think ima cut back on the weed and liquor for the next 3 weeks
 @tuckercarlson @davidtafuri @foxnews its smoke and mirrors and needs to end so we can move forward
 today crime spree in raleigh co. leaves 2 dead  med. marijuana bill amendments approved  budget debate in charleston  and unc is the champ
 @rosstuckernfl if nfl players want to use marijuana for healing  let them.
 over eight  obama undermined our government at the highest levels of the country. we need to weed out these criminals  take our country back
 go doggies 3 and weed 5 @ summit view church in kansas city  mo 
 accident  right lane blocked in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb at hempstead tpk  stop and go traffic back to sunrise hwy traffic
 theres enough weed on my back seat to roll another blunt thanks to @bethanymathieu 
 accident cleared in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb at hempstead tpk  stop and go traffic back to sunrise hwy  delay of 14 mins traffic
 i smoke that loud cause i aint tryna hear  ya bitchin 
 smoke my weed and stay in my own lane 
 bill to decriminalize marijuana in texas clears first big hurdle 
 @macytoddmusic ivegotafeeling perfect ending to this smokey original song. do not pass up her 
 ima smoke weed
 @l0verebel he smoked him lmfao but agree to disagree
 @houstontexans should have traded for romo. you allowed cbs to steal him. your waiting game  epic failure. go brandon weeden romo nfl
 had fun racing @aznfarmtruck on streetoutlaws fastandloud on the @discovery channel  @hannahmaloof u smoked em 
 im getting my bangs cut thursday then im ordering limecrime blue smoke unicorn hair im finally dyeing my hair after six years
 i just noticed i have a 2 hour gap. smoke and eat  or hit the gym 
 whos in chicago and wants to smoke 
 finally found an organic weed shop tho i had to buy a whole 8th
 i just smoked a blunt with yo girlfriend.
 students response when asked about his dramatic grade improvement soon as i dropped the weed  things got easier again noshitsherlock
 so kansas city about to legalize weed 
 accident blocks 2 left lanes and a left shoulder on 610 w lp nb approaching hempstead  delay of 12 mins traffic 
 accident cleared on 610 w lp nb approaching hempstead traffic 
 @katiehonan something up on northern blvd. smoke and a smell  according to my fb friend.
 ya mcm recently got into investing stocks. he put his  towards apple  nike and some weed stocks lmaooooo
 i bought my highschool plak just to roll on it they said i couldnt do it so i smoked a bowl on itstrikestrike 
 all i smoke is loud yuh its gon blast in ya ear
 so @joebudden still got me blocked from when i clowned his ass for getting smoked by @lilbthebasedgod on tshirts amp 
 this job might be a great fit for you bilingual spanish assistant manager  storekiosk  hempstead  ny...  
 accident in northwestlasvegas on rainbow blvd at smoke ranch rd vegastraffic 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 im a expert drinker i think meettheexpert017 nrashow2017 nra chicago @ old crow smokehouse 
 im a expert drinker i think meettheexpert017 nrashow2017 nra chicago @ old crow smokehouse 
 ima just smoke the trippy stick on this one.
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well go to a weed farm  and work for it.  well set up a weed farm.  ask for  derek
 accident cleared in galleriaarea on 610 w lp sb at 69 the sw fwy  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 14 mins traffic
 they have marijuana vending machines
 koltes smokes a liner right at the third basemen who turns a double play to end the inning. thunder cut the mainstreeter lead to just three.
 @ac360 often where theres smoke  theres fire
 lets smoke some blunts
 @tuckercarlson the left just want smoke for hrcs removal of gov server making the emails easily hacked and she went from 3k to 60k emails
 might as well smoke all i can now since i wont be able to when i get my tooth taken out .. 
 we did it babe mattpickedalilley claragetseven @ smoke tree ranch 
 @tuckercarlson he just smoked you tucker
 @nickdevlin listening to the immaculate smoke shannon broadcast.
 like my bitches thick and my weed strong
 im feeling like big worm might pull up an smoke a nigga 
  great song we you weed
  great song when on weed
 your mcm smokes weed for the taste 
 sugarkush @ livegreen cannabis 
 convinced all niggas do is smoke weed   cheat amp play 2k all day 
 name felipe smoke species comic relief  aliases fake oracle  fake huntress  powers puss amp purse   
 when the smoke clear  ima be the one... @ downtown memphis on the river 
 @brindaspencer i heard aliens roll up the best weed lol
 going to bed. hit the weed for me .
 ima relax amp smoke this aint me no more 
 @jakebarker smoked em.
 might ass well smoke one
 time to smoke another blunt.
 and dont ya baby momma roll my weed 
 i know after i smoke these two blunts ima be dead
 big smoke 
 loud awesome party 38th amp pinkney street. caller to 911 says there is a loud awesome party and they are using the marijuana.
 i miss when id smoke blunts more often  
 we do not stop for smokescreens. we stand strong. 
 soo... another name for weed in chicago is mohegan 
 my roommates tryna have a dinner where everything is weed infused. lit. stay tuned
 from the economist espresso weed capital investing in cannabis  
 we can no longer be afraid....as i sit and smoke this blunt on the 
 percs and weed still da same white boy from 7th grade
 f3h 7101 smoke ranch rd  small fire in attic by exhaust fan  out  e43 handling  all other units released  no injs 
 cause obviously weed just isnt doing it for you  so you level up. 
 @corybooker @freedomisgreen and i have been working on marijuana decriminalization in camden  nj. please help us to 
 i smoke an ounce  i got that bounce  i got that pogo flow
 esk 6th grade weeding the beds and moving strawberries at beardsley farm. saintsserve @esksaints 
 heyo this is me laying in a pile of weeds. how you doin  
 your mcm set aside 10 for weed.
 wow 3 firemen are in my house checking the smoke alarms and i am 
 ahca 2.0 is all smoke and mirrorsregulatory uncertainty alone will push insurers out of the market and collapse certain state exchanges.
 i only smoke loud when i pass thru
 this weed shop hooked me up with some cannahoney to roll my blunts with 
 @maryannfreeland @phyllishart16 @rockprincess818 they are cleaning and cooking and delivering weed narcotics
 this is some smokin weed. @wickedweedbeer turns out slew of great brew. craftbeer 
 once i smoke imma forget to text bike anyways 
  just weed a do ya 
 waiting on the smoke like  @ chicago  illinois 
 bout smoke den go ina house
 how long until the nfl allows players to use cannabis   viarespectmyregion seahawks seattle
 accident in northbellmore on the southern st pkwy eb at rt106  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 21 mins traffic
 fwm and smoke too 
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well set up a weed farm.  well go to a weed farm  and  work for it.  ask for  derek  
 dps seizes more than 300k in marijuana in traffic stop supportrealnews  
 wouldve been a great day for a smoke sessh
 exactly i smoke everyday but be hype af  when i hear 420  tf 
 in traffic wit no blunts or weed   gwillafg drive the mf faster cuh im tryna smoke . 
 @obssales 288 2yo liaison colt. his only sib  tia flor smoked the boys at keeneland  is stakes placed  and now 
 now that marijuana is decriminalized in kansas city. its ls me moving back to buffalo.
 got the weed ... no blunts..
 roll sm damn weed up w my feet up
 i cut back from weed amp i feel great yo
 @thesportscircus @ktnv smoke shops bring a bad element to the community is that a theory  or is it based on some type of factual evidence
 @katiestatesman why is it expensive its a weed. enforcement causes price to go up and could be moved to k2. city 
 alright im about to go smoke pot
 who tryna smoke wit ya boy
 great smoke 
 when you finally smoke the kief youve been saving up 
 @rakcity27 his timing is off a bit and hes hit into some bad luck too hes smoked about 3 or 4 balls that were hit right at someone
 teamnuggets cuz my 2k17 player is a denvernugget  and i really dont have a fav nba team besides weed is legal in denver iloveweed
 just found some old ass weed im@bout to smoke it
 when the weed loud af 
 @caseypatton22 @tracewolfgang @hillaryclinton she should be in prison im smoke a b at her grave when she gone
 am i the only one who instantly thought of weed  
  seriously a crack smoker started the fire under atlanta i85 that eventually caused its collapse and closure
 who hes not i. i smoke strong on that popeye.
 wya where ya at. lets smoke 
 popcorn dipped in habanero ranch weed gets the brain moving
 might as well smoke
 if you have no job  you cant afford to take out loans  smoke loud  or try an date bitches  get ya money right pussy.  lessonsformysons
 if he smoke 4 ks he a bum
 arcades  weed  heaven
 heart stopped for a min bc i walked in my room amp my parents moved my dress amp i thought i saw this old weed stem but 
 @cutaeng weedline
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well set up a weed farm.  well go work for a weed farm.  ask for  derek  
 when in doubt smoke it out 
 im up amp im in traffic who need weed
 hopefully big bro has some loud we can smoke after work. 
 new hype song  roll up amp smoke  murphy lee 
 .@rebekahbydlak wrote about @mattgaetzs attempt to reschedule marijuana  and she has a great disclaimer at the end. 
 i got weed on my head but dont call me a weed head @lowellfarms @milloux weed flowercrown @ 
 better hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 i just ordered a beekeeping suit amp smoker  so theres that...  chicago urbanbees
 @perel67 i hear you  but old already pay 3x the young amp smokers face big surcharge.  should we let insurers vary premiums based on bmi
 so now i know what all this smoke here is about. everglades holiday park now being evacuated. this bears watching c 
 so now i know what all this smoke here is about. everglades holiday park now being evacuated. this bears watching c 
 thurs half sandosoup lunchspecial is @rebelyellbourbon pulled pork  smoked slaw  on dongphuong french w chicken 
 why are you worried if we smoke
 @cigarweekly @jefslat @stevesaka yeah great smokes. love em. 
 i just had an interview and she goes do you smoke. of course i said  smoke whatttttttt lmfaooooo
 @nicoamenta14 happy birthday dog smoke up and heal up that shoulder haha 
 i say hit this weed and let it calm you down 
 i say hit this weed it may calm you down 
 its 1 thursday enjoy your favorite large  eisenburg hot dogs for only 1 will you choose all beef  smoked chedd 
 got niggas in whole prison over the same weed they sell all over the country legally but do they get a olive branch no
 they finally stopped. they back like everything all good. meaning they gon smoke and fuck and be arguing again in a few days 
 damn i hate being sober  ima smoker 
 accident in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy sb north of southern state pkwy  stop and go traffic back to hempstead tpk  delay of 8 mins
 accident  right lane blocked in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy sb between hempstead tpk and southern state pkwy  ... 
 there are some dedicated smokers at work. going outside in the pouring down rain for a cig
 my favorite dispensary of the city  of crosses... mjexpresso .... medical marijuana family hit 
 accident  shoulder blocked in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy sb between hempstead tpk and southern state pkwy  st... 
 cut outta class just to smoke blunts
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well set up a weed farm.  well go to a weed farm  and work for it.  ask for derek  
 when the smoke clears campaigncampaign newwave 
 ur mcm plays sublime when yall smoke 
 i smoke weed  thingsiwontapologizefor
 finna go smoke a blunt on somebody grave
 loudmoufmusik presence    smoke 2 this on april 20th @ cabana nightclub downtown vancouver. 
 loudmoufmusik presence    smoke 2 this on april 20th @ cabana nightclub downtown vancouver. 
 a lil grill smoke on this windy but beautiful thursday ...
 if i jordan id smoke loud at the game
 when in doubt  smoke it out
 for all you cardcarrying cannabisconsuming canuckleheads out there. 
 accident in eastcocalicotwp on reinholds rd both nbsb near smokestown rd traffic 
 your mcm smokes menthols and listens to the allamerican rejects
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 then theres the weed aroma as well  
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 call me text me  1 231 4992394  well set up a weed farm.  well go to a weed farm  and work for it.  ask for  derek  
 im  42  shes  29  and well go to a weed farm  well set up a weed farm  farm and make 2t.
 @kotokanan @zldyk @krissily bet if i played more overwatch id smokenur ass kiddo
  bampc market bbq specials today  smoked ribs  smoked salmon  amp grits come see us @ 900 rosa l. parks blvd. 
 me encounters feelings me smokes 17 blunts consecutively
 litty rt @only1modelhard today is a day to just lay up and smoke blunts back to back 
 cannabis  its more than just to smoke gls2017 
 yeah  dont fwm today. not till i smoke. 
 obama moved that line until he skated out office doing nothing but blowing smoke out his ass amp schedule next golfv 
 ya mcm still smoke javas and you think its cute 
  pvthemovie 23377 fm 1098 rd hempstead 
 hit this weed cause it might calm you down ill rub your feet listening to everything you talk about
 @bestbuy we smoked a pork shoulder amp they make incredible pulled pork sandwiches   gamedayeats  sweepstakes
 lawsuites are aofg another opportunity for growth. karyn wagner of paradigm cannabis womengrow 
 @cnn is harley renaming the fat boy  as the humpty dumpty trumpty  model. its loud and yellow gets terrible mileage and smokes. suits him
 rip gunna back to back blunts back in the day smoke had the mac in the back pack 
 woke up early to hoop and got rewarded by randomly getting smoked out
 correct me if im wrong  were these people just driving through van with their weed and not actually selling they were staying in a hotel
 lets smoke a blunt in a platonic after workout shower
 every machine can be a smoke machine if you operate it wrong enough
 accident cleared on 610 w lp nb at hempstead  stop and go traffic back to westheimer  delay of 12 mins traffic 
 wandering ques smoker. nycs kosher brisket king smokes in yonkers. @ lincoln park jewish center 
 my dream business is a cannabis amp winery resortspabed amp breakfast.
 heaven  bbq  @ bl smokers barbecue 
 @traficantecigar ill follow you back as soon as i get comped with a box of your premium smokes 
 ill smoke a dub in the tub
 ready to hit up this weed store
 needed some weed and called hector for a farm  realniggasknow2 finally done  @ boston  
 theres no question. on thursday  we smoke. @ cameroon cigars 
 i want to open my own upickutrim weed farm
 @futurecolby10 @jeffersonbrownn @loganhare3 you wish colby  me and tate are gonna smoke yalls ass
 alright  who has weed
 @barclaycigar yes   i usually smoke the myfather lebijou great smoke
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 thick smoke keeps a clear mind. thedetour  @ circle house studios 
 doubt anybody smoke more than us in denton
 @theeboardroom yup. and if bruh signs an eo for that sht itll prolly include sht sanctuary cities and weed. hit progressives all @ 1nce
 @wkndpartyupdate one of the best teaching experiences of my life. she smoked the thinnest slims all class. ashing in her grade book 
 the green line aways smells like piss or weed 
 im trying to smoke after this orientation so who slangs in van nuys
 emma where did you guys smoke me weed
 uh i go play basketball uh o smoke blunt before
 uh i go play basketball uh i smoke blunt before
 @silvershaug or........ smoke sesh then a giant orgy
 accident in clark on decatur blvd at smoke ranch rd vegastraffic 
 bet weed dealers are cleaning up lately
 @jillianturtle weed
 baby hit this weed cuz it might calm u down
 idgaf ima smoke my weed can a nigga pass me a lighter
 should i smoke and then shower or 
 @lbuddy84 i feel like the shower might counter act the weed. imma shower first.
 absolutely extraordinary...and with the smoke  boymeetsworldtour theboymeetsworldtour @ 
 ya mcm makes u throw down to smoke w him
 jan brewer closed down the road to where she burned many immigrants i see you  god said smoke killlleeerrr weed 
 @2savy amp said do you smoke boy what  get out of my textssssss
 i guess ima just smoke alone
 well its a colder night than i hoped but warm enough to enjoy this great smoke after a kick ass 
 fantasizing about this weed im fenna smoke brb
 shower. smoke. and clear my head
 the urge to smoke weed is strong in this one
 ryan karl getting smoked right now
 @bofrights @kittenninja42 told you vice loves weedhttpstwitter.commsbrumfieldstatus827298177049100288
 i smoke the best weed in dallas hands down if you really know i stay with grade a loud 
 burping smoke clouds from this loud weedburps
 huck cliffs amp smoke spliffs
 holy smokes my blog just turned 2 years old chocolatesandchai
 hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 when i smoke this l ima forget about you
 mmmmmm  drinking a big butt smoked dark ale by @cestwhattoronto at @cestwhattoronto    photo
 being the thick ass lightskin that smokes weed 
 @siug yo each their own  adjusting to weed wouldnt be a bad idea tho. pain meds can get sketchy
 i like exhaling great cannabis as im sipping great whiskey. the flavor is awesome.
 i blocked my little brother cause all he do is talk about weed
 i said a dub of weed1 
 ima go smoke a stogey now 
 great smoke 
 bout to smoke again lykabihh
 5 days sober from weed 
 people that smoke at pattison behind  my house  i advice u too stop.  i just saw a cop park  and pull out his scooter and head to the bayou
 coke 45 an 2 zig zags baby that all we need go to the bar after dark smoke that tumble weed
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend 
 ima smoke ave nigga baby i aint whatcha want
 money so loud i smoke it
 bae hit this weed   it may calm you down 
 .@ny1 @jamiestelter expected big delays on the downtown 1 train due to smoke conditions uptown. taking 2 to wall street nyc mta delays
 camden city council  cannabis decriminalization in the city of camden  nj  sign the petition  via @change
 love it when they call me big poppaa only smoke blunts if they rolled propaaaaaa
 big ol bet. the bad ones are weeding themselves out 
 dont miss clara hemphill  @insideschools founder at one of her free informational events  
 was n n the machine sharen i need ah pimp my ride i stopped smoken ciggerettz
 spent grain to @simmonsfarm   pork belly comes back to us  cure and smoke @seansrevival   full circle. 
 always a great time spinning at smokehousetavernlowell. ill be back february 17th  but tonight 
 over this hw  ima get up shower and smoke and work on this shit when im bored again.
 just hit dis weed and let it calm u down..now let me gently rub yo feet and listen to just wat chu talk about 
 ld433 new an act to allow municipalities to apply a local option sales tax to the sale of marijuana 
 ya mcm is skinny as fuck and smokes weed all day
 how you hit me weed
 a scale for weed duh 
 ima pour it if she drink ima pass it if she smoke
 all i smoke is loud man iss gon blast in ya ear
 baby hit this weed because it might calm you down
 giant julio on a smokestack atl riseup @ downtown altanta 
 i dont think we should introduce marijuana to the game of football. should nfl players smoke pot just one que f 
 @chuckgm6 @binaryagent @prisonplanet @drmistercody where theres smoke  theres fire. soros does have his hands in alot of cookie jars...
 when you text 5 diferent weedmen and not one responds. lol alright yall. right on 
 @the1theycalljc i been getting more shit done lol thats all i noticed so far but when you finally do smoke its a great feeling
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend
 @stephenjus @henricoleman1 @skreennaym last smoked pork butts i did 2 make bbq pulledpork. doing 4 10 lb.  butts. 
 @bunnylikespie i mean i smoke blunts
 girls bkb wahlert 413 at 5a no. 15 hempstead 116 to tip. boys to follow. watch our livestream for free at 
 @jncoapparel @ikasey those deep pockets were great for storing my pipe and a quarter ounce of weed back in my high school days.
 lincoln fouled by bryce hempel his 3rd
 super bowl 1 when a qb like lennie dawson could steal a smoke @garyvee @ajv @vaynersports 
 no one wants smoke on 2k 
 12 stats reb leb 18. hemp 10. tovers hemp 2 leb 4. blocks hemp 2 leb 0
 wow back to back threes tied at 47.  113 to play hemp ball
 what i smoked pig shoulder and head. firefirefire smokesmokesmoke buildingtheperfectmonster 
 back when i barely smoked amp didnt have a job alllllll i did was play black ops 2 amp 2k  im too nice @ zombies idc i miss that gameeeee
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend.
 prework smoke  we on break bout to go live on cams dot com @70screwxxx @70screwxxx 
 i need to smokeeee 
 the original finger smoker 
 absolutely despise hempstead and its parking laws
 @lmc055 @metsprospecthub @lets86it smoker was a rookie last year  right and edgin pitched all of 10 innings.
 raddle on the back slipply sladdle scate tichi got it back suci in a rap smoken scooby snakes dobi dat on it snap moven fast quick
 hit this weed   cause it might calm you downnn
 that  do want to smoke text  
 first ima smoke dis blunt.
 might as well smoke weed
 @younow @hunterrowland @sanniofficial @maxandharvey @imgmodels @chasehill @glitter4ever17 @souljaboy so weed is a loud now hypocrite
 drippin on first friday  and im smoken dat loud in public  @ downtown las vegas fremont 
 more smoke amp mirrored from don the con 
 super bowl cook in atlanta. what temperature for smoked falcon patriots falcons superbowl sb51 @espn 
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend 
 drinkoftheday is liquid marijuana follow facebook@scottybsbarandbilliards and instagramscottybsbar for other 
 the weed beast 
 ya mcm tweeted rise and grind but stayed inside all day smoking weed amp playing 2k with his boys
 on valentines day all im tryna do is look cute   smoke some giggatree den hit up the all you can eat
 we now carry cannabismaxximus products stop by and shop  mmj weed weedstagram 
 @paulmiller22 @ktricky27 paul you know damn well wed smoke you
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 ill smoke with ya 
 the great barrier reefer madness takeafilmdownunder
 @woodydelles holy smokes @uniquehifi @edguygz @goc1978 @mometaltrax @m6nster @theintestine @racarter378 @80sglammetal1
 after a three month hiatus from cannabis  we are back  cannakidextraordinaire cannabis acmpr bedrocan 
 big rig blowing smoke. in delano on hwy 99 sb at woollomes ave traffic 
 some awesome is about to start cooking for tomorrows game smoked pork @webergrills wsm superbowl 
 when u smoke 10 blunts 
 whatever ima just smoke a bowl .
 its about that time. superbowl2017 superbowl smoke. 
 wings for the @superbowl on the best smoker out there @traegergrills 24hoursandcounting 
 great barrier reefer madness takeafilmdownunder
 having a smoke and beer at halftime in super bowl 1 superbowl superbowl2017 
 whos tryna do something hit my line go out to eat  nail done   mall  smoke something
 how internet hysteria turned smokespouting pyrotechnic device at cheesecake factory into an imaginary bomb 
 about 8lbs of pork butt  dry rubbed for tomorrows smoke  biggreenegg @ behrens ranch 
 loud music  smoke  beer and smiles. and love street. superbowl @ 
 review 1 626 smoke where ya baby daddy at 
 ion smoke or play 2k 
 @kevinlamendola not really. march madness sure. but its on in this bar. az getting smoked
 great barrier reefer madness takeafilmdownunder
 i need a gf who can smoke on my level  bichick stonerchick
 @redhourben smoke the joint benny boy.
 when your not in ya city and run out of weed 
 @thenicksterda get a weed wacker and shave for starters
 hop in traffic with my baby nuk and smoke
 after i smoke one ima forget you 
 kousin finally finna smoke  this shit finna be funnnnnnnny
 i literally love brenden he came to giant and smoked with me on my break 
 @gapasturedbirds @griffinbufkin ive renamed my variant rootertooter rolls. pork jowl turnipsbeps and smoked boston butt.
 dearmiller is the auntie who lets you smoke on her back porch before youve graduated high school. @blackandsexytv
 whos tryna smoke these blunts w me
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend 
 finally home with a bunch of weed 
 shower smoke sleep
 central prairie smoke dot com 
 horrible pictures but  20 lbs of pork shoulders are headed to the smoker  porkshoulder pork 
 ill smoke by myself then since kaela dont know how to text back
 i was so hype when my baby troy told me to come smoke with him 
 hit this weed cause it might calm you down ...
 how does one go about getting a @sarahbaska follow. i will smoke a blunt and ponder this until i figure it out
 @ sober madison  thnx for leaving me chips amp queso for after i smoke.  bless up.
 so might as well smoke cigs  
 when im doubt smoke it out
 when in doubt smoke it out
 just about 8 hours later and we are in business with a smoked pork shoulder cant wait for superbowl  to eat this 
 station 2 responding to cornelius for a smoke odor inside  21320 block of nautique blvd  use caution amp yield to responding units moveover.
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend
 is music ever so fucking great to you while you all smoked out that tears well the fuck up hahahaha duudeeee
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 this cali weed another level 
 wyd after u smoke this  5 mins later 
 @kmaclr ima smoke some weed
 on dat note ima smoke this phat ass blunt ... but dats normal.. goodnight 
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 another great night at the weed  aaronwatson @ tumbleweed dancehall amp concert venue 
 @zanex roll up weed 
 when ya get weed stuck in ya teeth
 super bowl would make a great name for a marijuana dispensary.   superbowl  superbowl2017
 throwback to qb len dawson having a smoke amp a drink during halftime of super bowl 1  @nfl @superbowl superbowl 
 i hit the bowl and it sparked weird. so just in case it wasnt weed i made tabby hit it too.
 the eulogy just never end for osogbo weed. the best in our great nation 
 im tryna go downtown but this fucking traffic bro  ima just sit in the crib and smoke
 i smoke loud in the shower
 @kendu56 my fists smoke that big head of yours 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm ya down
 run 3  in my hoka bondi 5s. longer run today. expecting a great run. weedoggie omegasports 
 but ima smoke regardless 
 come see me at the smokehouse for all your superbowl needs love ya 
 watch who ya smoke with and run joke with
 can only smoke on giggatree in great weather  
 might as well smoke an l before i take on this super bowl sunday
 @daddyrah blackstone smokehouse on raeford rd
 let the games begin smoke is on until then. biggreenegg @ behrens ranch 
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 your superbowlsunday  sundayfunday caprese  portobellos  smoked ribs  amp nakedwinery. superbowl foodie 
 your superbowlsunday  sundayfunday caprese portobellos  smoked ribs  amp nakedwinery. superbowl foodie 
 @johnelway wyoming put murcery in my teeth 4 44year at age 5   ben franklin had me to use pot i do not smoke or take va madication or drink
 @swuice 2k and weed can go
 lady gaga doing the pepsihalftime show at the superbowl or as i like to call it  an extended smoke break to calm my nerves.
 whats on your smoker today baby backs on mine. smokemeat pittsandspittsbbq @pittsandspitts @ 
 take 2k and the weed 
 well guess ima smoke a blunt and go to dennys by myself
 br weed so poo compared to atl weed 
 bout to smoke cain amp jakes baby asses in go carts 
 read a book smoke some loud
 @tonystewart rig is the first to arrive at bubba raceway park in ocala with the 410 winged sprint inside  smoke set 
 chicken hit the smokesuperbowl patsnation whodatnation westbanksmokers algierssmokers 
 retweet if you think nfl players and other athletes should have the right to medicate with weed superbowl nfl 
 rt if you would smoke this superbowl      superbowl
 kleiner smoked him though. what a hit nyr
 got some blunts but no one to smoke them with 
 @racingwithbruno great call on white smoke  he would have cleared by 5 lengths if he broke well. readtheworks
 items 3 amp 4 smoked hotdogs and mushroom caps khaliseeofthegrill superbowl riseup @ ashlin 
 bout to smoke blunts to da face
 i slaved 16.5 hours to smoke this pork butt. ready for sb51 superbowl fb 
 bro who trying to smoke before the game hit my line
 number 4 i think  smoked cheese dip. khaliseeofthegrill superbowl riseup @ ashlin park 
  play 2k  smoke  
 an epic event calls for an epic smoke. epicfamilyepicmoments @ 
 @dunlapsports @hpbasketball brady sprains his ankle. grappo comes in and smokes them.
 200 wings on the smoker. lets go falcons riseup at @riasbluebird in atlanta  ga  
 all niggas do is lie  play 2k amp smoke weed 
 i want to smoke a superbowl.
 @smoothstreamstv holy smokes  great great great quality in 1080i 
 you run up on me ima smoke ya 
 120 smoked wings from mmwreckerrecoverymeister superbowl on the 
 superbowl smoke out cigarsocietyofsouthflorida treslindascubanasstreetteam 
 tom brady getting smoked on the big stage is a beautiful thing. riseup sb51
 garrett lit a candle in his room  five mins later the smoke alarm is going off
 tom brady smoke weed
 holy smokes superbowl
 my goal is to weed out my real friends  by tweeeting riseup superbowlli
 @blackbecky @soccerizlyf nah... they had they 3rd string rookie qb. patriots got a trump supporter who getting smoked off the board 
 tom brady need to smoke a blunt on half time and figure out how he gone fix this superbowl atlvsne
 lady gaga smoked that show pepsihalftime sb51 superbowl houstonsuperbowl
 when you take a hit of weed and it hits you  
 just smoked the strongest stogey of muh life during halftime
 boy  the snoop and martha commercial just skirted the weed line
 alright pledges  its time to smoke a super bowl if you truly want to become brothers. superbowlsunday 
 alright pledges  its time to smoke a super bowl if you truly want to become brothers. sb51 
 me as a giants fan watching the pats get smoked superbowl 
 aikman looks like he just smoked a big blunt. superbowl redeyes
 @7e52fbeeddc74f4 thanks for the follow   smoke will be missed 
 holy smokes patsnation
 falcons fever superbowl riseup @ smokebelly 
 this game and twitter right now...holy smokes. superbowl
 ill smoke to that.... superbowl superbowl2017 pepsihalftime
 they might smoke it 
 ima smoke this blunt with a smile on my face
 superbowl 51 post smoke out sb51 420scope 
 thick this in your pipe and smoke it @nfl. gosteelers @steelers 
 ion wanna hit yo weed if the blunt aint bigger than yo fingergrapes superbowlsunday bigblunts 
 big week ahead for our company. @rogerford amp @jessesalyer headed to @kentuckyag for hemp orientation. sekyhemp @bioenergyky
 ima sip until i feel it amp ima smoke until its done
 ima sip until i feel it  ima smoke it til its done
 baby hit this weed cuz it might calm you down
 tom brady smoked yall wallets 
 big smoke 
 im glad gucci sober more weed for me
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down  i rub your feet listenin to everything you talkin bout
 walmart for water  smoke a little of this blunt  shower and snooze.  ya hoes
 i jus smoked a blunt w ya girlfriend  
 ya mcm smoke marlboro reds
 ima just smoke my weed and stfu 
 @rawwlife smoke then shower 
 just hit this weed cuz it might calm you down
 honestly what did they smoke before this interview 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down. i rub your feel listening to everything you talking bout 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down  i rub your feet listening to everything you talking about 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down. i rub your feet listening to everything you talking bout 
 aye hit this weed cause it may calm you down ..
 its the ones that smoke blunts witcha 
 @emdeem @realdonaldtrump @nfl what a dumb fuckin comment. how much crack did you really smoke
 that truck is a real loud diesel black smoke they call me redneck jesus
 finally smoked you out
 hype for the chain smokers w @denverbrooke
 @masterbuilt @sucklebusters our smoked brisket with a rub of mustard and spg was worth the 12 hour wait smoked 
 accident reported in nassau on the southern st pkwy eb at peninsula blvd  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 5 mins
 overheight vehicle in nassau on the southern st pkwy eb at peninsula blvd and before grand ave  stopped traffic back to hempstead ave
 incident cleared in nassau on the southern st pkwy eb at peninsula blvd and before grand ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave
 accident  center lane blocked in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb at hempstead tpk  stopped traffic back to babylon tpke  delay of 34 mins
 accident  center lane blocked in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb at hempstead tpk  stopped traffic back to merrick rd  delay of 41 mins
 accident cleared in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb at hempstead tpk  stopped traffic back to merrick rd  delay of 41 mins traffic
 west coast smoker is a great driving song
 earlier accident in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb at hempstead tpk  stop and go traffic back to merrick rd  delay of 15 mins traffic
 coming up at 955 on wbz  a superbowl poem holy smokes  ma  im goin to bedthe new england patriots are deader than dead.
 did you watch the superbowl mitch  i took one hit of weed and cried because of a document.. i mean yes
 wyd 10 min after you smoke this 
 great @audi. now apply that to this 21less b.s. amp your whole premise of this ad goes up in smoke. @tueborfrog
 literally ji like havent smoke in uh min now  nd i feel great 
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down.
 i literally smoked until i couldnt eem roll no more  i aint neeeeever been so devastated
 i just smoked an ounce in 3 blunts @youngdolph
 baby got this weed cause it might calm you down
 @spindaclouds thats cause you be stuffing a qt in that ho with a smile on your face. great for the efficient smoker tho.
 .@alialmamouri shiite clerical succession isnt like catholic papal conclave instead of a few days amp white smoke  can take years
 hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 @waitcho15 well if they smoke inside whatever  but when they do it on sidewalks or bus stops  nah
 @connorharmon25 ill smoke down with some aliens for sure 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 crime starts at home  homey. tobacco is the cause of crime in most houses. pearpressuse child smokes  parents denied child steals
 if i cant hear your smoke is quiet not loud 
 @londowell lon  did you see my wolf turds i made them last night in the smoker. real tasty. stuffed jalapeo peppe 
 @apodlaskowski he will steal all of your marijuanas
 i smoke dubs in my favorite shirt.     @swellzthegod
 @crazydukefan @spann  be careful if it stars getting hot.  i might be smoke not fog
 @mta smoke on my car on r w line as it arrived in union sq station at 334pm.
 once i get to 116th on the eastside of 5th  weed hits my noise instantly
 hit the weed and just drive
 she hit me with the late night text like baby are you down to smoke i said i aint got none she said go by some i said bitchhhh
 i just smoked a blunt w a girlfriend 
 i just smoked a blunt w ya girlfriend 
 ima smoke this bowl outside because i can
 drippin on first friday  and im smoken dat loud in public  playing my own records datway 
 @onlylawrence geek smoker
 @katherinemccoy it hasnt. they are all just blowing smoke out their asses promising deregulation. im investing in a respirator.
 ya mcm smokes weed cause he thinks its cool 
 @atristen im down to smoke later just text me 
 california weed is just too strong 
 my ex boyfriend had giant ear lobes and smoked marlboro 27s
 about to go smoke.. brb
 @realdonaldtrump should weed out hate in @whitehouse rose garten... great therapeutic hobby to clear the head.
 @yosephyirga11 cause i smoke now and like za
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 real news heathrow goons smoke great value blunts
 hows ya name take off and you get smoked 
 when the weed hits me 
 ive seen kubball likened to baylor pennstate and now oj simpson. yet all that has come out has been a marijuana 
 if you buy these you might as well eat the weed dry 
 @shakeitcalli @nchick80 kips in chicago july 15 for the windy city smokeout.
 i thought he brought me in the closet to play 7 minutes in heaven  but no. its just to smoke a blunt. 
 i thought we stopped letting these ugly hoes smoke for free last year. maybe theres a reason why hes just a mcm a 
 why you buy a zap of loud on the 3rd smoke a blunt a day til the 22nd but cant pay yo bills 20days 20blunts out of 28grams smdh
 1 min if i smoke 
 @killmefam weed@@
 might as well smoke the tobacco too 
 @cooooourtney and you smoke k2
 when the weed hits @arendrox 
 roll my weed for me baby.
 hit this weed cuz it might calm you down
 can a mfk call   text me or send a smoke signal or sumn. gooodddaam
 @garyvee havent written in a while  been crazy  which is a great thing do you recommend investing in marijuana stocks or companies thanku
 so yeah imma have farm and on farm imma grow marijuana
 ready for my boy dale jr to smoke the track and come into victory lane circle   oh yeah
 a simple way to weed out selfserving people startupscaling greatquestion  when recruiting  via @inc
 dim lights  thick smoke when i noticed you in here tonight girl i just about choked
 even i could have smoked brady in the 40  
 @americanna wishing you wellness. cannabiswellness
 i need weed sushi and a really long hug from my baby
 when mid level weed gets you right potheadproblems
 the smoker you drink  the player you get asdrunkmewouldsay 
 cruxcigars ninfamaniacdark for my afternoon smoke. great flavor  double perfecto size. 
 me @roscoscomoney live in concert along side @devindude420 march 29th so ima need all my smokers 
 exactly i was going to smoke anyway might as well pass it to somebody 
 ima sip until i feel it ima smoke until its done
 huge cannabis farm discovered within grounds at legoland 
 @kfcbarstool which is more likely you liking tom brady or @lenadunham being smoke of the day
 ima try not to smoke until thursday...lord be with me
 drippin on first friday  and im smoken dat loud in public  playing my own records datway 
 baby hit this weed it might calm you down ill rub ya feet listening to everything you talkin bout
 @falkentyreuk @rockinghamuk @officialbtra 4 rear tyres  twice the smoke
 been hanging for the last 10 min waiting on this interview. cutting into my weed time
 im really tryna smoke blunts and hit up chipotle
 getting off work going home to shower and smoke and laying my black ass down
 i smoke that kush. first name bubba. first name young. last name stunna.
 ima come smoke some blunts in here 
 @jailer1213 @kellyannepolls life sentences for some weed  while a white stanford swimmer gets six months for rape  equality right
 big black smoke coming out of shop at 3rd n and n 10th st. no fire on scene yet. 
 @hankstserdude56 here ya go greenery references are gr8 as snoop reaches in2 pockets for his weed bagsofunlimited  
 i might miss ya but watch how i smoke this blunt and forget ya
 playing classic hiphop at oregons first cannabis bowling tournament. shouts to @dailyleafdeals
 when the weed hits 
 hit the weed it might calm you down 
 @siut666 bitch go shower so we can smoke
 mesquite smoked fajitas 
 dude on the bus with a hat that says i graphic of marijuana leaf loud. i weed loud i pot loud i reefer loud
 when you smoke sympathetic weed 
 stop in and try the new smoked habanero spice at our favorite pizza joint florenciapizza 
 finally off now i can smoke amp eat
 nfl logic lets praise players for drinking beer with fans but if they smoke weed one time  suspend em for a seas 
 12 stats. reb hemp 21 mccaskey 8  tovers hemp 5 mccaskey 3. blocks 1 each
 ryan moffatt 10 points at the half for hemp
 you might smoke dick it all you listen to is katy perry on your subs
 big weed 
 when your off so you can finally go smoke that blunt saveme yes workflo gay gayman 
 @asialinnea yall cant compete with us yall got smoked sunday everything from the end of the 3rd on was scripted
 just served yoda spinach  kale  pineapple  mango amp strawberry with hemp amp agave. 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down  ill rub your feet listening to everything you talkin bout
 the chili peppers always have ass kicking openers. ive seen pjam  pumkins  stp  snoop foos amp tons more. @tromboneshorty smoked em all
  ha lets smoke again text me
 i love 3rd ward cause niggas blatantly sell weed and smoke blunts at this gas station and get no trouble from the police
 56 minutes with smoker lungs. sindarius thornwell is not human
 ima sip until i feel it ima smoke until its done
 great game tonight smoked em stlblues
 get ya ass smoked like a blunt of purp
 and now we have someone to comment about marijuana yakcc
 bae hit this weed cause  it might calm you down   i rub ya feet listing to everything you talking bout 
 these mfs done smoked from oakland to tracy amp back 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 you ever smoke yourself sober
 whos up with ya boy smokey
 ima start a go fund me account for weed
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend 
 finna go smoke brb.
 had to sit outside my hall till my ra got an all clear from upd to go back inside my smoked up room... 
 i just smoked a blunt witcha girlfriend
 @tuckercarlson @brithume the can a ll smoke more weed sing cumbyyain their berkinstocks
 firefighters are on second level of home assessing. no active fire  smoke. @wkbw 
 i just smoked a ounce in 3 blunts
 accident  right lane blocked in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb at hempstead tpk  stop and go traffic back to sunrise hwy traffic
 accident cleared in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb at hempstead tpk  stop and go traffic back to sunrise hwy  delay of 14 mins traffic
 we got roaches we might as well smoke em 
 a k9 unit dog just walked by me and i wonder if he can smell that i smoked last night like  how strong is his nose
 @bourbonhoney i got a 100 boyyy ima smoke a blunt
 @stevedeangelo i just wanted to thank you. you are a giant upon whose shoulders we stand. cannabiswellness hempbatterplanet
 at the wild side smoke shop on 1731 plymouth rd ann arbor mi getting hype with j dilla on a 
 all this loud might as well smoke it all... then fuck
 dim lights  thick smoke  when i noticed you in here tonight girl i just about choked 
 ive been swallowing my nicotine gum now my butt wants to smoke
 seeing them smoke on shameless in chicago at the lake front brings me back 
 theres a sonic being built on hempstead turnpike its litty boy
 dim lights  thick smoke  real country music    @brucerobison @charlierobison @jackingram
 sandiego here is a lunch option for this week. @cowboystarsd house smoked tritip sandwich  
 good coocs what i smoke bacchoods what i roll
 fwm n get smoked fwm smoke too
 i smoke 2 blunts before i smoke 2 blunts  and then i smoke 2 more
 diamond roll 2 grams in 2 blunts and complain about no more weed  but i can roll 4 blunts and be good for a minute .
 @jaketapper great job with kellyanne interview the smoke is hovering and its not going away truthcnn behind u 100 notyranny
 great day to smoke some weed
 @shaqnorriss yes aderall and weed 
 who wants to get up and smoke hit me up  im in reseda.
 my baby smoke loud he dont do reggiemy mama irra
 ima just smoke this fatty and forget about a few things ..
 this is it. the year i finally smoke weed with my friends 
 hit this weed it might calm you down 
 i have no reliable data to give to smokers that want to vape instead. should my toolbox include this option 
 legoland weed farm @suestannett @kerstinlis @nellybelle3379 @sweetlucille86 @thetruenegan @mooredog82 @shoi77 
 might as well gone and finish the rest of this weed 
 @judgejeanine  ol pokeahiney send off heap big smoke signals to socialist base 
 @scdiet yall he smoken with rhw popo 
 accident partially blocking exit in fortworth on 20 wb before mccart ave  stop and go traffic back to hemphill st dfwtraffic
 accident  right lane blocked in fortworth on 20 wb before mccart ave  stop and go traffic back to hemphill st  delay of 4 mins dfwtraffic
 accident blocking two right lanes in fortworth on 20 wb before mccart ave  stop and go traffic back to hemphill st  delay of 4 mins
 accident blocking two right lanes in fortworth on 20 wb before mccart ave  stop and go traffic back to hemphill st  delay of 4 mins
 dammmn a jawn too watch these @nba. games amp smoke some thoink would be good
 fantastic  informational flick on marijuana. educate yourself. @theculturehigh 
 accident cleared in fortworth on 20 wb before mccart ave  stop and go traffic back to hemphill st  delay of 4 mins dfwtraffic
 great time with the cannabis community in austin. sb269 hb81 yoursenators showup feb9 
 keep the blunt in ya pocket loc cause @snoopdogg is all about the zig zag smoke
 @davidmastio @tuckercarlson @cnn @foxnews damn tucker you just smoked that usa today boy mastio. he brought nothing a pure wimp congrats.
 i got 2 blunts... who trying to smoke em with me
 finally got some weed
 all i smoke is woods  back to back im never sober 
 daily mail  drugs farm found at legoland as cannabis plants discovered 
 pic on the left is downtown la right now. pic on the right  same view on a normal night. peasoup fog thick as smoke. 
 do i want to smoke this blunt during or after my shower 
 my grades are  the weed is 
 we win all the smokers.. trivianight smoker shocktop smokedmeats geekswhodrink thealehouse 
 after everything today i gots to hop in this shower before i smoke
 the calm before the storm. februaryadventures @ hempstead lake 
 ima smoke dis fire
 im tryna smokeeee
 i smoked out of my cone finally....
 let the smoke clear.  commercialpier lauderdalebythesea ftlauderdalephotographer 
 im just going to listen to old music  smoke a little  sip on this lemonade and pretend like my life is alright.
 furthermore i only oversee one 49 unit non profit complex. tenants who already smoke are grandfathered. they are un 
 wholly smokes  @haydenomart 
 finna smoke another blunt so i can gts
 that bobby roode promo wasnt very good  but the smoke from nxt arrival made a return which is great wwenxt
 right after i smoke  ima cut this naruto on and its the o
 run up ima smoke em aint no fighting im zero dark 30 i cant fight him  ...
 this weed so loud 
 this weed so loud 
 baby hit this weed coz it might calm you down
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 might smoke a blunt when im back
 to smoke a blunt or to not smoke a bling
  weed ova girlfriends.
 @mackhigh you smoke k2 dont you 
 i smoke so absolutely not 
 heavy smoke and active roof flames at fireplace and stove store on camp rd hamburg @wkbw 
 accident reported in queens on the cross island pkwy nb at hempstead tpk traffic 
 @therealtrizzo @hammernation19 follow the oak to the smoke.  charles
 violently anti even medical cannabis undeep south culturevalues    whitegentryevangelical head so far up 
 sometimes you just need to wake up and smoke a thoink thoink... and reminisce on the good times
 i want to smokeeee
 boy might as well smoke corn. 
 ima smoke it all
 breakfast. puzzles. cannabis. champion cbd mmj acmpr cannabisoil bedrolite bedrocan seizurefreedays 
 cleared incident on i495 eb from 164th street to new york city and north hempstead line
 cleared incident on i495 eb from 164th street to new york city and north hempstead line
 brb as i smoke some loud as ive said too much this morning 
 smoke all my weed yesterday  now i have to go to class sober
 i might just not go to my 830 class and go smoke with with bae 
 ok well ima smoke so
 i feel like when i take a really big hit my boobs inflate with smoke @ellusog 
 i just smoked an ounce in 3 blunts 
 if you smoke like i smoke  theres no being sober 
 ima smoke a zip today
 i just want the simple things  to smoke w me baby  to lay with me baby  to laugh w me baby..
 dapack smoke so loud @fuckgio
 accident in easthempfieldtwp on centerville rd both nbsb at hempland rd traffic 
 your mcm smokes swishers 
 @harlan @prisonplanet hell probably stop the marijuana freedom that states can have and piss a great number of people off.
 today is the kind of day you go to a park and smoke blunts during a nature trail.
 ready to live on a marijuana farm and complete my dream of living in a tiny home in the woods with bae
 im tryna kick back and smoke a few blunts wit some old friends.  reminisce on sum old memories
 firemen on the scene bc smoke in metro tech station. appears all clear now 
 our smoker is full of locally caught mullet get it every thursday for 8 with two sides crabbybillsirb irb 
 this niggq just said ima true black smoker 
 liquor  weed  amp fcking often
 former nba player stephen jackson says he occasionally smoked marijuana during career i smoked before games and h 
 baby hit this weed so it can calm you down
 you should not be doing years in prison for selling marijuana you should not be doing years in prison for selling marijuana you should not b
 the gaaja by @mbombaycigars now at blue smoke with the core lines and kesara as well. 
 @depresseddevin bring me a pizza i might smoke you out
 white and smoke two tone choli  @ irie tribal dance company 
 gassing up the beast for the drive back to the big smoke toronto @ esso 
 accident in valleystream on the southern st pkwy eb between corona ave and hempstead ave traffic 
 @thedrugtribe @lifeasadabber  crossing broccoli with weed  great idea
 if you in reseda hit me up if you tryna smoke  pulluponakid
 i juat smoked a blunt  w your girlfriend 
 i just smoked a blunt  w your girlfriend 
 more with the giant helmet one time showing their tiger spirit  they got too spirited with the smoke. 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm yuu dwn  i rub ya feet listening to everything yuu tlkn bout 
 amazing food  @ hanks smokehouse  southern grillery in mcgaheysville  va w @haileyemory @sextinaquafina 
 finally smoke time
 i enjoy critics they help fuel the fire  plus i smoke too much loud to even hear that noise 
 accident cleared in galleriaarea on 610 w lp nb at hempstead  stop and go traffic back to 69 the sw fwy  delay of 14 mins traffic
 roll up some weeds i smoke hella blunts
 where the weed at in cleveland  hmu loud only
 accident cleared in harris on 610 w lp nb at hempstead  stop and go traffic back to richmond  delay of 14 mins traffic
 accident in easthempfieldtwp on centerville rd both nbsb near hempland rd traffic 
 east 14th st  con ed smokestacks @conedison  twanerphotography nyc eastvillage coned 
 hurry up and come back so we can smoke together best text i couldve gotten from @aleexxcooke
 me and cliff bout to smoke these grams
 @ochocinco then stop west at the land to get smoked  i need an easy dub babymoney 
 @kellyannepolls this is only another smoke and mirror parlor trick. a failure of execution by the executive fifth grade branch.
 all ive done today is smoke blunts amp binge watch ahs coven
 i just smoked a blunt wit ya girlfriend
 baby hit this weed cuz it might calm you down
 fucc it ima smoke these roaches
 now aunt ass finally left i can smoke my blunt 
 we just spent a good 50 mins calling every smoke shop and circle k for mango pods 
 who tryna smoke and then hit the gym later
 mdta police found a pound of marijuana  a scale and two loaded guns  one of which was stolen in a traffic stop. 
 just smoke cocaine  whatre you afraid of
 57 unit  3 sto apt bldg  6 injs  2 burns to umc  4 smoke treated on scenereleased  51 people displaced  under 
 final 100k dmg  2 people in hosp cleaning jewelry with gasoline also smokers  6 injs  51 displaced  crews pic 
 its really just me when the smoke clears.
 alright cock smoke
 i want to be a gallagher q gallagher i smoke weed and steal but im a great big brother
 ecigs cut smokers levels of toxic chemicals  vapelife
 blacksburg va i need weed
 @volpromos @volhoops doing her best smokey impression. smokeysquad 
 my plug finally answered  marijuana here i comeeeeee
 on the @viatransit bus  going to smoke to wrap up ...we turned up entrepreneurlifestyle 
 all i do is smoke weed and hit my bops
 jahlil tokafor only smoke big blunts
 fwm and get smoked or fwm and smoke too
 i need to smoke cause i might just go crazy at work
 im curious tho. what yall smoking that allow yall to smoke 3 amp 4 blunts back too back lol
 you need to hit this weed it might calm you down 
 cali weed is like a whole other level of high  ill smoke one blunt amp basically black out 
 market basket smoked boudin the goat. gtgtgtgt 
 might slide down on 94 and smoke and go to work just might
 @highrollercyrus thats my line chump get ur own weed
 i often drink topo chico. and when i do  i drink from my @goodbullbbq koozie. great pulled pork and smoked boudin t 
 @pookerella @hempsteadtown old country rd is a mess yet hempstead tpke is clear   
 great visit with tristan from @persephonebeer the smoked porter is 
 got my nicotine buzz back when i smoke a cigarette now 
 accident in easthempfieldtwp on centerville rd both nbsb between columbia ave and hempland rd traffic 
 as someone who smokes weed with @nba players but doesnt follow the nba  tell me  why all the hate for james dolan is he a trump supporter
 @volpromos @volhoops heres my moonshine an actual half sister of smokey x 
 @volpromos @volhoops heres my moonshine  an actual 12 sister of smokey x smokeyssquad 
 your mcm smoke swishers
 your mcm smokes dabs outta crackpipes
 ppd smoked cliff
 might as well smoke 
 7lb pork butt rubbed with @code3spices 50 rub about to hit the smoker chinsbbq 
 when in doubt smoke it out
 kelly anne conway  ate a chihuahua sundae. breath mints  and a smoke @kellyannepolls @realdonaldtrump 
 he might as well smoke a cigarette too 
 ever wonder why smoke plumes level off explanation here   meteorology 
 finna smoke these 4 blunts and call it a night
 the weed is strong on this one... @965thebuzz
 i just smoke a blunt with your girlfriend
 novelas ampamp loudest firest weed 
 babe hit this weed cause it might calm you down. ill rub your feet listening to everything you talk about
 but. blmatsu shippers practically got smoked out of a hole and were ruining the fandom and the show at what place does the line get drawn
 nycmissed bummed a smoke  m4w ditars blvd  astoria 
 my weed on ten come take a hit
 chicago s danandshay @ joes on weed st. 
 all i smoke is loud
 i just want to smoke some great weed and build a time machine.
 curling has the most smokes of any sport except maybe volleyball
 and smoked 4 blunts 
 i just smoked a blunt w ya
 ima cut you off quicker then i met you  wipe ya name off my schedule  and after i smoke this blunt ima forget about you 
 god probably smoked weed  its alright
 i can merch i smoke like 13 blunts today
 ohh baby baby smokey robinson   all time favorite oldie
 i wish i had my old twitter i had that smokepurpp follow 
 idgaf better smoke amp calm ya nerves.
 tryna stay calm with a mad weed habit
 might as well smoke n drink your life awayyy. 
 i have the confidence of a grade 10 whose smoked weed twice talking to a grade 9 whos smoked weed once
 brother have a great weekend and enjoy some great smokes  
 and smoke 23 blunts before we go 
 he might as well try to smoke the gas. 
 join us today at @miuracigars after two and talk about our passion lets enjoy some great smokes by @epcarrillo 
 i smoke another 
 @fraxiommusic haaahaa chic ken smokeing
 bae hit this weed cuz it might calm you down  i rub ya feet listening to everything you talkin bout
 when u smoked 10 blunts n ya boy pulls another one out. 
 your boyfriend a alcoholic but guccis a reefer cheefer... your girlfriends a penis eater i swear she a people pleaser...
 accident closing exit in fortworth on 20 eb at i35w  stopped traffic back to hemphill st dfwtraffic 
 this is not an option n if you do not smoke this we have a problem wayne brady 
 @certifiedjarvy ran from that smoke in 2k this year tho 
 qqq has entered a blowoff phase iwm should follow  smokestacks stragglers 
 photo mount bromo emitting smoke 
 im at hermans smokehouse in topeka  ks 
 accident in hempstead on the southern st pkwy eb at grand ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 8 mins traffic
 only smoke big draco blunts
 no doubt one of the perks of my job. thanks to the  folks at the jefferson country store for this delicious smoked 
 i smoke bout everything.
 nyc l train stopped because of smoke fire in tunnel.
 mom smoked the boys with four bullseyes take that 8th grade boys 
 willingboro  nj dwelling fire 6 marchmont lane. engine 1613 on location with smoke showing from the rear. all companies in service.
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down.. 
 is happiness a trap when labeled with the fire no smoke to hit panic. no signs otherwise. we fall. over. let the burner keep names tonight.
 all these hits swear they trappin cause they sell a lil weed 
 ya i had a drink  ya i smoke
 your mcm smokes flavrx
 who smokes the blunts we smoke the blunts.
 people are hollering so loud amp so in their feelings about what i allegedly said about marijuana. @wesleymuhammad thepotplot weed
 brb bout to smoke a dutch treat  moonrock blunt with wax on top then go for a hike. double high ya dig
 girls bkb great playoff tuneup tonight as class 5a no. 15 hempstead 146 visits 4a no. 7 western dubuque 191. tip in 12 minutes.
 @redneckfortrump smokes all i did was giggle at your sign pic and whatshisnuts @arktinenjenkki blocked me 
 brush fire  smoke in springhill on us 19 both nbsb at hexam rd and centralia rd traffic 
 lemme go smoke amp calm dwn
 until she hit the ganja  then she must be sumtin to me 
 smoke then shower or shower then smoke 
 great beer and smoke  
 brush fire  smoke in springhill on us 19 both nbsb at hexam rd and us 98 traffic 
 accident in clark on decatur blvd at smoke ranch rd vegastraffic 
 @thejoint42 can ya play richie spice marijuana
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 should i play call of duty or 2k after i smoke 
 we bought a bong and im stoked to finally not smoke weed like a plebeian
 heavy truck accident blocks exit ramp on 610 w lp nb at hempstead traffic 
 heavy truck accident blocks exit ramp to hwy 290 on 610 w lp nb at hempstead traffic 
 @360ffb bruh me and leveon about to smoke a full ounce of weed and talk about how great he is on my fantasy team
 chili pizza because the weed told me to
 all i care about money and city that im from ima sip until i feel it ima smoke it till its done
 room spinning finna yak if i dont hit a blunt but i cant smoke finna fuse like a nigga trunks
 might just smoke my other blunt 
 finally about to smoke
 pull up w my own weed amp a bic lighter 
 i might smoke this and forget you....its the pack
 your mcm smokes weed 
 lets run that back and smoke this 
 i passed out. but ima smoke. then pass back out.
 accident  two lanes blocked in queens on the cross island pkwy sb at hempstead tpk traffic 
 bby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 hits weed
 brush fire  smoke in springhill on us 19 both nbsb at hexam rd and us 98 traffic 
 no doubt shes smoken an its not weed 
 i found the good weed finally. thank you weedgod
 hit the back if u need dope smoke  send a shorty only 16 serve you what you want w a 44
 i want some cookies from berners weed line like his shit looks so fiyyaaaa 
 ribs with memphis rub steven raichlens recipe on the smoker. will complement supper with some 
 about to walk to the park  smoke my weed amp clear my head.
 get your smokers and ear plugs ready. black metal bbq is coming to your town @ kansas city 
 imma finish my room take a shower and smoke 
 i agree. no more smoke. 
 accident in floralpark on the cross island pkwy nb at jamaica ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead tpk  delay of 3 mins traffic
 youwasntthere @ oasis cannabis superstore 
 ima sip till i feel it  ima smoke it till its done
 brush fire  smoke in springhill on us 19 both nbsb at hexam rd and us 98 traffic 
 once i smoke this blunt and sip this henny ill forget ya
 the weed loud turn it down
 @wizdonnnn ima smoke in the shower 
 who wants to smoke some loud on ya boy
 hit this weed cause it might come you down
 just finished a @youngamsterdam smoke break interview with michael gomes. stay tuned  payattention 
 hit this weed cause it might calm ya down  rub ya feet listenin to everything you talkin bout
 baby hit this weed  it might calm you down
 i cant believe the dick smokers won a grammy meanwhile sia has been writing hit after hit for years now 
 aint a smoker   but if they tell me to hit it  ill hit it.
 going to smoke a big basin with a baddie
 its fucking nice out whos tryna chill smoke loud  you feel me i got loud hml. either dm me or hml bro i got loud im tryna smoke.
 so ............. rolls up your weed  antsyways
 i never smoked 6 blunts back to back
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 i might miss ya but watch me smoke this blunt and forget ya
 @siemenswhistleb there were 3 growstores when i first moved here  all 3 closed  i think its all in the big mmj plan. smoke but no grow.
 @siemenswhistleb there were 3 growstores when i first moved here  all 3 closed  i think its all in the big mmj plan. smoke but no grow.
 correction smoke fat blunts 
 @themusicpimp the smokesellers
 yeah cause this is a great way to advertise marijuana  thx 
 when the weed hits 
 ima sit back and smoke these blunts
 shower and smoke a blunt cause i can
 a decadent cannabis strain to try that plays off your energy level. 
 hit this weed it might just calm you down
 southern smoke
 ima smoke one.
 @thewisechoice17 ya and thats only higshcool talent  only a fraction make it to the nfl... and they smoke the other international teams
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm ya down
 the best rapper in atlanta and some fan who allegedly smokes penises 
 @theblackwook i just smoked and had a bowl of chili too were twins 
 i might miss ya  but watch me smoke this blunt and forget ya 
 and he replied with im in the weeds im dead 
 wish i had a blunt to smoke while listening to same ol mistakes 
 i just smoked a blunt w ya girlfriend 
 when yo plug in chicago hit you up with that  smoke  
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 @kikiandfriends1 @goblinelle @smokeymartling @shineboxxbatts @ryanlever @youtube is he vaping weed what a dink.
 good drank good smoke fwm @wetrapmusic @cliffa2geeked60  follow me 
  bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down  ill rub ya feet listenin to everything you talkin bout  
 @anderson6benton he dont smoke blunts
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend.
 @lirr who is responsible for snow removal in the town of hempstead lots them or you
 be careful as you pass i64 west at mercury blvd. crews extinguishing trailer fire. heavy smoke in roadway. 
 im outta weed and its snowing  great
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend.
 just completed notary on agreement to build a marijuana farm development  adayinthelifeofanotary
 i smoke propane too often. its true.
 penis weed weed penis
 hocus pocus hows that for a smoke trick couldnt pay attention now i can afford focus congratulations @chancetherapper
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 sea moss gold  herus mighty moss  with and without spirulina. hemp bar  patchouli lavender and hemp.  dm or txt 
 southern rockers blackberry smoke fly like an arrow into kirby center in wilkesbarre on june 23 
 no guarantee smoke is able to bounce back from his sickle cell so far amp jj is 160 lbs and more of a wr3.  desean is 
 @jforson5 @fbgxpurp uh oh  j5 we been had smoke 
 go smoke me a few blunts
 a simple way to weed out selfserving people with one straightforward question. @betsym  via @inc
  when the dust settles and the smoke clears  when the silence breaks  its you i hear  
 i smoke more weed then your mcm sells 
 smoke weed and expect a couple texts talkin bout what im doing today. me bitch. im doing me today. 
 holy smokes @loudobbs @oreillyfactor @seanhannity @ericbolling @trishintel @varneyco @foxandfriends @foxnews 
 i hate when a nigga walking and someone driving scream out i got that loud pack. how loud  is you gon stop ion even smoke
 when your weed cashed 
 30 more mins then i can smoke this wood 
 ima smoker 
 va. lt. gov. ralph northam  a doctor  wants to decriminalize marijuana  
 accident in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy sb between hempstead tpk and southern state pkwy  stopped traffic back to stewart ave traffic
 accident in hempstead on the southern st pkwy eb at rt106  stopped traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 59 mins traffic
 accident in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy sb between hempstead tpk and southern state pkwy  stopped traffic back to merchants concourse
 im bout to just smoke these blunts to myself
 accident in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy sb between hempstead tpk and southern state pkwy  stopped traffic back to the northern state pkwy
 accident cleared in hempstead on the southern st pkwy eb at rt106  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 21 mins traffic
 accident cleared in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy sb between hempstead tpk and southern state pkwy  stop and go ... 
 alright. i really have to start cleaning my system today. no more weed for a while. 
 is it a marijuana farm between chester and rock hill its always a strong weed smell when im on 77.
 that soreness you have on your neckthroat cause youve been hacking like an old lady who smokes 6 packs a day.
 smellin like dolce gabana i could probably hit ya baby mama  blowin on a pound of marijuana
 we made another friend. we got him a great settlement for his smoke loss. 
 when the weed finally hits you ... 
 slime dont want no smoke on that 2k or madden @kwameoneil  
 k but we still about to smoke  
 not buying weed again until march 3rd. i think i can do this.
 plans for valentines day .... smoke a couple ls and play 2k 
 @badgalreirei my sefid boy is da real expert he smokes and drives which i find it impossible to do while im high as a kite
 its loud in here. holy smokes. kubball 
 the need for nonopiate painkillers in the nfl pushes cannabis into the spotlight @sportsmoneyblog @nfl @forbes 
 the need for nonopiate painkillers in the nfl pushes cannabis into the spotlight @sportsmoneyblog @nfl @forbes 
 bryce hempel with another big block
 him bae can i go smoke amp play 2k with the squad   me 
 ima go run and smoke clear my head
 idk if to hit up the gym or just smoke a blunt do a line and call it a night 
 theres a strong smoke odour at the south end of the nqrw platforms at tsq42. smoke too. potential track fire
 @kylejordannava weed
 its the wrong holiday but weed can do that to you 
 offering rentabae services. comes with a bottle of wine  weed and a foot rub. dm for other a la carte items and packages.
 i smoke too much to clear the river of my thoughts. and i aint from chicago but i do not fuck with thots.
 @rupaul yasss  mawma ru.  where theres smoke theres   . investigatetrump treasonoustrump
 ohio fentanyl death grip expands beyond heroin to include cocaine  marijuana  via @fox8news opioids mortality
 @stupidmenthings @kellyannepolls plus  she obviously smokeslook at that goddamn hideous face of hers
 ima just smoke this blunt and pass out 
 be blunt  it clears up a lot of smoke
 a simple way to weed out selfserving people with one straightforward question. @betsym  via @inc
 @kaylaaedwardss @finemaltoddball its a big ass smoke circle
 i might as well give up on getting weed tonight huh 
 he might love you now but hell love his weed later
 all i care about is money n the city that im from  ima sip until i feel it n ima smoke it till its done
 aint no sleeeep finna take ah shower smoke den wake my man up
 is weed legal yet just askin itslate
 i geek on ya nigga  smoke ya weed witcha nigga. 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down i rub your feet listenin to everything you talkin bout
 baby hit this weed it might calm u down
 your mcm smokes weed.
 this guy meets all weed vaping stereotype criteria. well done @vice 
 one thing kevin gates when you just want her to hit the weed and calm down so you can smash aamurys17
 im back in the saddle  again now to weed through my inbox. work 
 my girlfriend and weed are my happiness 
 my father cedero deluxe eminentes. smooth and impressionable great morning smoke. myfather 
 soon we shall dine on the smoked flesh of various farm animals... 
 accident. three left lanes blocked. in greaterheights on 610 n lp eb at shepherd  stopped traffic back to hempstead  delay of 20 mins
 lotta bull menu will have pulled pork  jalapeo cheddar sausage  smoked chicken   baby back 
 accident  right lane blocked on 610 w lp nb after hempstead traffic 
 accident cleared in greaterheights on 610 n lp eb at shepherd  stopped traffic back to hempstead  delay of 18 mins traffic
 accident cleared in greaterheights on 610 n lp eb at shepherd  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 12 mins traffic
 accident cleared in greaterheights on 610 n lp eb at shepherd  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 8 mins traffic
 some one come smoke this loud with ya boy
 my phone on 3 my mf charger is mia  ima smoke n figure this out later
 same here. i smoked when they came through for the holidays  
 epcso 109lbs of marijuana found in traffic stop. 
 bae hit this weed  it just might calm you down 
 ccp is the most smoked placed on earth
 todays prescribed fire smoke column at savannah nwr  usfws firefighter rob wood  rxfire scfire goodfires  
 amp smoke ya weed 
 happy valentines day to the blunt ima smoke later 
 accident blocks 2 right lanes. on 610 w lp nb at hempstead traffic 
 accident blocks 2 right lanes. on 610 w lp nb after hempstead traffic 
 i need a girlfriend so i can smoke this with her 
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 should be doing my hw but instead im getting weed w wil and chris haha
 things i learned in acls in haiku  shock shock shock shock shock versed appreciated the pads indeed smoke  nurselife
 @mahoudreams dj butt weed
 accident cleared in harris on 610 w lp nb after hempstead  stop and go traffic back to richmond  delay of 14 mins traffic
 yo they getting smoked you shouldve tuned in  
 ima smoke 1 just for u babe  
 i smoke that loud loud.
 finally back in cali smoking loud and dont gotta worry about going to jail for a bowl of weed lmfaoo
 im tryna smoke some blunts and hit the fair soon
 i hate being sober ima smoker   
 stop and go traffic in bellaire on 610 w lp nb between fournace and hempstead  delay of 17 mins traffic 
 @meridianpint  brookland pint  smoke amp barrel closing kitchens thursday in solidarity w immigrant staff  nice 
 i need weed amp a hug but mostly a hug
 ima just smoke this bowl
 you should never smoke in pajamas you might start a fire and burn ya face
 @mayraavelazquez oh yes  we stopped at circle k and then went to someones house to smoke right  that was a good night
 finna only smoke papers for a min
 no girlfriend today but i got weed. 
 if anybody trying to kick shit with my boy @pullyohoe amp smoke some good gas hit my line 
 @neondesert leak the line up ill smoke you out
 @chuuuuurrcchh if i was single id just smoke a personal blunt and eat a shitton of sees candy  kickit w my girls amp be content
 ima walk the trail amp smoke 10 blunts just to clear my mind amp forget about you ..
 finna roll and smoke 3 stunna blunts and thats how im ending my valentines day... i need to hurry up though im trying to be done by 12 
 finna smoke and grab me an oreomcflurry to end this holiday 
 oomf smoked k2 and said he couldnt hear the music 
 cigar smoke to close the evening. cigarsocietyofsouthflorida botl sotl blackcigarowners 
 @davino1959 some male cannabis plants that can end you up in prison  
 im watching weeds finally
 i text girls how i text my weed man
 you smoke  dub
 the weed loud   turn it down
 she going to jail.....she getting smoked 
 if you smoke cigarettes you can hit the doooor 
 you smoke that you get sober 
 @katiephang border patrol agents arrest 18  seize close to 400k in marijuana  
 .@mmflint...love the relentless drum beat. accept nothing short of impeachment. where theres smoke theres fire.
 may your weed be strong and plentiful.
 let me go smoke cause i can see ima spazz out
 northam cites @aclu in statement on marijuana decrim. and calls for change to tackle this serious issue. cjreform  
 since im up  ima smoke this blunt
 .@nyspolice 28yearold man found with more than 2 pounds of marijuana during i90 schodack traffic stop 
 the only thing i have to do today is score some low to mid grade marijuana. dayoff
 @marielcarbone but enough about hempstead
 i hate being sober  ima smoker 
 watson just faced something as close to as an nfl defense that you can get at the college and level and smoked them 
 @fvckmarc aye im finna go smoke a square with the white boys brb
 finna take my ass back to sxhleeeep after i smoke
 this strong ass weed you not even getting high
 life is a big ass l might as well smoke it
 the weed strong
 if you love to smoke fwm
 i need to smoke before i chokeslam somebody by accident
 big weed  big blunts  big ashes
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend  i got @kdrevm wearing my ass on her chest 
 accident in hempstead on the southern st pkwy eb at peninsula blvd  stopped traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 15 mins traffic
 lls yeah i smoke roaches
 ima get jballer to smoke w me one day. 
 yo anyone got a smoke machine i can borrow
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend 
 hmm  a giant slingshot to fling marijuana over the border wouldnt that be a...wait for it... potshot  
 this idiot on fowlers show just said ive looked at who the alabama players follow on twitter and they follow people who sell marijuana.
 martincounty kannerwildfire view from pratt whitney rd. smoke is thick with limited  visibility 
 im in roanoke  va amp i need weed now.... fwm.....
 start a weed farm bro  @8mileloko 
 where the boys at that like to go to ballets  museums  and operas  but also smoke weed and attend hiphop shows 
 @ohhpriscilla @miguellrodzz old people smoke the loudest
 ima smoke his ass 
 they dont want no smoke. cross that line and once again its on 
 @chronfalkenberg just cut this column out and will file. i was a smoker and im 72.
 smellin like dolce and gabana...i could probly hit ya baby momma...blowin on a pound of marijuana
 this what your mcm smoke 
 your thinking bout jacking me nigga your kidding me might get smoked like a ciggady a shot to his head he was left j f kennedy @bankriggidy
 have ya ever said ima smoke a little before work and u just end up showing up dummy faded 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 although the only specific examples i can think of are carson kelly and alex reyes  and reyes was just weed.
 ive been within 10 feet of brad pitt and paul mccartney. but i smoked a cigarette with allison janney once. so. th 
 southern smokers
 ill be right back  my weeds here 
 @heartbread over the line smokey
 rt @hatfieldadam @legalizepotusa @womensmarch can we all agree that we need some legalize weed marches lets get this done. legalizeweed
 not too smokey but def there. hit the spot  drinking a fore smoked stout by @darkhorsebrewco @ old skool   
 omc smokehouse is now open in lincoln park by @frostriver1910 @bentpaddlebeer @hemlocksleather and @damageduluth  
 been a coo min since i kicked back and smoke a blunt
 unc smoked nc state
 when i can just lay back  smoke a blunt  rub my back or somethin  you know im sayin let me vent to you sometimes baby.
 to go buy weed or to stay sober  decisions decisions 
 she sings  i smoke  @ the blvd 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 @ygktraffic @phillstaf kfr on sydenham street. overheard a fireman say smoke needed to be cleared. 
 @stayclassybabe ima hit up my weed girl
 a simple way to weed out selfserving people with one straightforward question. @betsym  via @inc
 @realitycheck923 dont go on air claiming to help weed out the truthamp u missed the big reason his support dropped off ugottadobetterbro
 big smoke 
 all we smoke is loud anti quiet. catch a opper lacking and we hit em up
 yo mcm smoke grape swishers
 first i drink  then i smoke paul stanley @paulstanleylive kissworld2017
 might as well smoke since im up.
 i70 traffic stop on wednesday nets seizure of 60 lbs of marijuana worth roughly 200k. wthrsunrise 
 @liljeffsonny eyes low cause  never sober cause im a mud drinker and a strong smokerrrrr
 @cnn this is a total smokescreen we demand more intel regarding @potus collision with russia  not ego stroking rallies. resist
 this weed is loud
 htx decriminalizing marijuana on march 1 free link 
 hit this weed bc it might calm u down  i rub your feet while i listen to everything u talk abt 
 thanks david powell for the great talk about weed control fsagr17
 amor  fogo  e tosse  a seu dono descobre love  smoke and cough are hard to hide   i follow back. te seguire . rtgt durazopromo txs 
 im ready to tear into these stuffed rolls from @stlkolache ive got smoked brisket  sausage amp gravy  jalapeo pop 
 i got the best gas in the south guss i smoke phat one with my bros and head to studio afther school baglifegutta newmixtapedroppingsoon
 can you smoke an riiiiidee with a player like me and youuu
 baby  hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 ya mcm smoke cigarettes and take showers once a week
 i just want to shower after i smoke 
 weed smoke bout to ether me
 ironically i never have weed 
 i just smoked a blunt with ur girlfriend
 accident in freeport on meadowbrook pkwy sb at sunrise hwy  stop and go traffic back to hempstead tpk  delay of 14 mins traffic
 accident cleared in freeport on meadowbrook pkwy sb at sunrise hwy  stop and go traffic back to hempstead tpk  delay of 14 mins traffic
 hey @tonystewart guess what i just saw . thank you @rushtruckcenter for supporting smoke amp @tonystewartrcg 
 your mcm smokes mids and doesnt hit your g spot
 @billmaher about to but tix for your show in chicago. noticed there isnt a vip option to smoke a joint before the show not an option
 @mobilemiken @spg completely agree  should be an option like smoking room or smoke free
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 ima smoke another 1 and make these moves but that hit home my dude
 i smokeyou smoke nicotine
 whos hungry for some stuffed flanksteak smoked on the webergrills onetouch premium. stuffed 
 control ya boyfriend for he get smoked
 just ran into tot ass talkin bout i got that thrax you tryna smoke one duhh hoe im a junkie
 the smokey den yall... its a killer
 lmfaooooo what. weed k tho 
 ma your mcm calls your ex big bro so he can smoke him up
 just smoked 4 blunts back to back
 since yall barely finding out about smokepurpp go watch our video with him it just hit 80k  
 acoustics are so loud water must be pumped in to combat the heat. white smoke at liftoff is actually steam from wat 
 i smoke loud  blow dank.
 start to finish the stuffed flanksteak smoked on the webergrills onetouch premium.  stuffed 
 i can finally smoke again 
 @ryandeaton3 weed farm 
 im in echo park smoke me out
 ima sip it till i feel it ima smoke it till its done
 players should never party around the prossay bowl games. do it at the combineyoure too dumb to play anyway. you dont smoke pot in a rm.
 ima smoke some weed and go to ducy
 welp  guess i stopped smoking weed for nothing. this gig doesnt require it and its flexible. i kno ya cant wait till i calm my ass down.
 om fen give everybody in traffic sum fkn smoke rute now
 when the smoke clears........ @ centennial park 
 you tend tu nub memorable smokes  
 i smoke blunts so i can have roaches
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend
 @ogbastro smoke some blunts
 im gonna smoke some pot and send it straight to my cell membrane absolutely dead
 fwm amp get smoked or fwm amp smoke too
 .@ucfbaseball was so  last inning  they left smoke hovering over. 
 throw me a fastball smoke from the mooooound 
 ima always smoke weed.
 follow the smoke 
 i just smoked a blunt with yo girlfriend 
 follow the smoke........ 
 bby hit this weed  cause it might call you down
 when i finally learned how to roll my own blunts ive never needed anyone to smoke with me. 
 stuffing hollowed out logs with weed. pretty clever. 
 who tryna smokeeee
 ken how many cigs did you smoke today  ken 
 finally rolled up my fat ass aj and smoked  annnnnd currently relaxing before tonight
 t7 kaleb king @kkong4 smokes it to left center thats his first hit of 2017 2 outs. 8 different blueraiders 
 galveston county needs to follow in the foot steps of harris county and reform its marijuana misdemeanor laws.
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 chelsey is being weak for not letting me smokeeee on the way back from minot. 
 ima drink up  ima smoke some  keep it moving  it was nice to know ya
 just passed a weed farm it hit my senses
 roll another one smoke another one
 son after i smoke amp shower its curtains.
 @historyinpix i see lennon lighting a smoke while chatting with dylan  and the back of mccartneys head.
 i skanked my hear out to @lessthanjake drank beers and smoked weed w my best friends its been a great birthday
 ima smoke more 
 we smoke frontos not no zig zags
 where theres smoke  theres fire... follow the smoke   diamondback luke cage amjoy
 my little brother stole my big jugs of weed but i got something for him 
 1.8 mill ma marijuana voters like @senjehlen instead of bad statehouse prohibitionistshttpst.co9wltoihsve 
 when the weeds too loud   saturdaymorningcartoons  cbcon @ moab diner 
 so anxious to see my love knowing im finna get smoked
 on our way to the great smoke @epcarrillo amp i join us for a great time  
 pork shoulder is on the treager smoke away  
 i wanna be such a cry baby 2day  i no feel good  instead ima smoke a few more blunts bae amp play my day out boss yall stay blessedup 
 im at hermans smokehouse in topeka  ks w @luvnlifelori 
 when you exfoliate your skin amp smoke blunts 
 february and in the 60s this is great  about to smoke a giant bong or to because its so nice out. 
 february and in the 60s this is great  about to smoke a giant bong or two because its so nice out. 
 thanks paul ayers  very nice.....  drinking a big butt smoked dark ale at @cestwhattoronto  
 close up of yesterdays bacon wrapped jalapeos stuffed with earlyshoney country smoked 
 25 off deportations are initiated from marijuana arrests @ssdp luncheon isflc17 
 baby hit this weed cuz it might calm you down
 the day has started at the great smoke and it will end @primecigarmiami tonyguerramiami 
 when the weed is too loud 
 so ima chill and smoke till then
 with massiel from myfathercigars thegreatsmoke cigarsnobmag tonyguerramiami @ the great smoke 
 follow wrestling sectionals today at hempfield.    
 @madelinefuhrman i remember lucy amp desi smoked on the set while remembering their lines as with some shows clear as day
 my 21st birthday when i smoked 21 blunts gtgtgtgt
 i might miss ya... but imma smoke this blunt and forget ya 
 you not a smoker if you can finish a meal sober.
 accident  two lanes blocked in southfarmingdale on the southern st pkwy eb at grand ave  stopped traffic back to hempstead ave traffic
 once weed is totaly legal they will have awesome superbowl ads
 the founder of mens snarehouse has smoked it for 51 
 i need to smoke a blunt with my girlfriend  @jbdxoxo 
 an area where dedicated smokers smoke. @ afiniti 
 accident cleared in southfarmingdale on the southern st pkwy eb at grand ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 8 mins
 i want that weed loud as me
 i just took a flick with your girlfriend i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend  thass my girlfriend  
 medical weed baby thanks for fucking up my back job
 simply southern smokehouse is just amazing a total must place to eat down right southern soul food with southern flavor amazing
 i might smoke today
 baccala  smoked potato and baccala  ravioli arso the use of burnt wheat as flour for the 
 bounce music mixes and weed.
 3 miles done. need a drink and a smoke. after a shower of course.
 blunts amp joints smoked daily
 might just smoke and call it a night
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm u down
 swear dont nun sting more then when u hit the blunt amp the smoke get in ya eye. 
 who tryna smoke this wood with ya boy 
 i only smoke that loud player
 im at poogans smokehouse in charleston  sc 
 might as well smoke a cig 
 @anglophilejess holy smoke i had no idea you were on twitter thanks for the follow
 i just smoked a blunt with yo girlfriend
 bought a new baby to smoke out of  lemmee tell ya. majestic 
 fwm and get smoked or fwm and smoke too
 sheon got weed but when she text me she use pounds baby 
 needbabe cuddling while drunk  might do something nasty then smoke a blunt 
 mines well smoke another j
 @kvrxngton 56 grams a piece 2 heads minimum 2g blunts  you go to sleep you tap you skip a blunt you tap and if you tap you lose ya weed.
 i just smoked a blunt with a bouncer listening to coolio hows your night
 i just smoked a blunt witcha girlfriend  
 i just smoked a blunt witcha girlfriend  
 finna smoke this one for me  cause i love me.
 @krisgriffen ima just smoke it lmao
 when you smoke nothing but the best originalconesusa  swyd amp go follow originalconesusa 
 waiting for liveatdaybreak with @juliafello and @bniznanskytmj4 smoker is fired up ready for a pork butt  pulled pork kind of day here
 terps assist cannabis in healing @jena4n @americanna @drbigbudz @hippieoflove @mooshushu @errlcup 
 the dust settles amp the smoke clears. 4 wildcats headed to state. nise lane  eloni sowell  larenzo mays amp rodrigo hernandez represent humble.
 hunter is easily the loudest smoker i know  maybe loudest in new england. it shouldnt wake up everyone in the apartment when u smoke a bowl
 a big leaf blows into your booth   are going to smoke with them. yes @americanna @jena4n @drbigbudz @errlcup 
 the orange line really needs to be renamed the green line because it constantly stanks like weed all the time now. not that mind but...
 hit this weed cuss it might calm you down
 dont forget about dabntag yall during @hightimesmag cannabis cup in lasvegas march 4th and 
 real life smoked 15 blunts 
 trevor  cory smokes 
 im a weed pulling machine
 because if i smoke another blunt  
 theyont want no smoke w big gucci soulja 
 worked the 95 with ya had a smoke a pound with ya
 loud pack on and we smoke one.
 probably going to shower amp then smoke another bowl 
 @blegit72 salute bro its rich from the weedbus
 great weather for some smoke 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down i rub your feet listenin to everything you talkin bout 
 @annadecarlo we should smoke some big weeds soon
 its finally happening @ ebf smokehouse 
 my weed strong as boulders and rocks  ya know im so high.... i could have swore i saw pac 
 why does the nfl deny their players the right to use marijuana instead of habitforming opioids 
 baby hit this weed it might calm ya downn 
 checking out the smoke exhibit before it ends. alwaysrac14g at @nascarhall of fame in charlotte  nc 
 waking up to spilled weed and champagne
 @gregbattiste @madison420ivy madison can smoke weed very sexy
 after i smoke dis blunt   ima forget about ya 
 i smoke the backwood with tree ya diig ya bastard
 finna smoke my last few blunts
 my hair long  my weed strong so they starin.
 couples smoke. cigarsocietyofsouthflorida treslindascubanasstreetteam treslindascubanascigars 
 dayofremembrance our country couldnt weed out all the japanese spies in ww2  so unfortunately all had to be round 
 her weed smoke thick i call queen of chiefing
 when the weed hits u 
 are cities in states that allow marijuana in violation of federal law also sanctuary cities
 on sundays  we smoke   ari
 you smoke baby you a keeper
 i want a girlfriend that i can smoke with
  weed spot @ montreal  quebec 
 applewood smoked turkey burger courtesy of @webergrills and @kingsford ... just wish i could tweet a smell 
 im kind of glad the masses dont follow @nhl hockey. it weeds out the idiots that follow sports based on how popular they are. hdia
 ima smoke a blunt
 my lil cousin said hes afraid to go to the park sometimes because mans smoke bare weeedddddd
 imagine nba player smoke sessions bro 
 nba allstar game  sushi and weed. sunday nights alright
 she smoked him holy shit lmfaoooooooo 
 k no one wanna smoke ima face it
 smoke. shower. smoke. meditate. smoke. sleep. 
 lil smokey bout to start a forest fire with that mix tape. beast mode activated. 
 being a millennial is very hard the weed is too strong  and the tvs far too complicated
 husband noticed smokey and the bandit truckthewalkingdead 
 nicely smoked. great full flavors thanks  @tavour  drinking a beast moans @ casa de broz   photo
 smoked @fergoliciousbbq luv rub seasoned tomatoes ready to be pured and added to a smoked bloody mary  rubsumluv 
 2k amp weed 
 she smokes blunts on blunts 
 very active scene. heavy smoke. foresthills explosion 
 i might rewatch weeds 
 racks bustin out a nigga jeans  might as well go and blow it. smoke the loud like nicotine  talk drugs and i record it
 ima just smoke this l and write all night 
 jrue holiday  ad amp cousins.. holy smokes that big 3 is wild 
 bout to shower and smoke this b
 i just got out from work. its time to finally relax and smoke out with bae.
 i cant even smoke right @sacramentokings just duck up im trading my player on 2k right now
 ima drink up  ima smoke some keep it moving  it was nice to know ya
 i smokeeee  i drankkkk  i i i drankkk... 
 @baddiecami it cost 11.07 to be happy   blunts to smoke on
 @naomismallsduh @sellymelissass k wait shes a fuckin smoke show 
 shower  smoke  sleep
 nba players think the earth is flat. they also smoke their body weight in weed. coincidence  @benmaller
 @fox29philly these twoare just acting like they love each other  smokeyy amppryia. 16 years strong. 
 dense smoke and fog. in polk on cr630 both ebwb at hwy 60 traffic 
 painters here today to do some touchuprepair work. arrived at 845. have taken 2 smoke breaks and a coffee break so far.
 comments on virginia if you think walking behind a smoker is bad  try driving by the factory that makes cigs  also their ezpass lane is
 @nba @nfl a huge  of the players smoke dope  use steroids slap their baby mamas around. they are in no position to 
 i clicked on this thinking thered be a recipe for weed tacos. 
 i might smoke 2
 if i can find me a cute blonde girl that hits up shows and smokes as much as me that be great...
 @thinkprogress of course not but milo isnt con in the traditional sense. i hope true cons can weed out and redirect the altright movement.
 thick black smoke billowing from across the potomac. view from old town alexandria. @abc7news 
 drove to galveston w ol boy and brandon just to smoke a blunt lmfao wow
 thick black smoke billowing from across the potomac. view from old town alexandria. abc 7 news  wjla 
 hit me up if you want to smoke after today im outtty
 i need smoke and back rubs
 indywingsweek day 1 a smashing success @redemptionales. mango jalapeo on those smoked bad boys 
 spent my entire morning cleaning  now time to shower and smoke 
 @yaeeee can we please smoke today  think i might purchase 2 blunts cause i cant and im finna get drunk by myself. im pissed off
 @thebanqu3t ima murder the gym around 1 ill hit your line  smoke a backwood or something
 accident in southfarmingdale on the southern st pkwy eb at grand ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 8 mins traffic
 accident  left lane blocked in southfarmingdale on the southern st pkwy eb at grand ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave traffic
 enjoying the great day. baby back ribs on the smoker.  @cindyhoffmann6 @gmgrills 
 best thing to bring back as a souvenir from az  is the weed
 @ndjoyce what i just said he absolutely smoked during his playing days.
 we are now on snapchat snap to add smoke hole resort and follow our storiessmokeholeresort 
 when the smoke clears  
 @audiaanthony nah i only smoke penises
 follow smokestackbrand now  smokestackcarclub smokestackracing  smokestackglobal 2017 
 @foxnews holy smokes  im flying cross country in 2wks. wonder what weirdness i will encounter
 sampha process lps back in stock today. a smoker  @ radioactive records 
 we dnt run frm smoke we run 2 the smoke. @ the vortex l5p 
 ran out of my smoke from chicago guess its time to go back to the homeland 
 your mcm smokes mids
 my text task after i smoke 
 meet scifi legend carel struycken at the worlds first marijuana comic book convention chromic 
 my girlfriend is a weedhead 
 this crew built a smoker out in the desert bbq saltonsea slabcity latergram @ salvation 
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 is there any one to smoke with in v.a
 forget about it when the weed hit you
 aliens abducted my weed dealer  need a shit ton of money for ransom
 you can hit my line  if you aint on shit if you tryna smoke  you can hit my line
 only in smokey point will you see someone riding a bicycle in the bicycle lane going against traffic 
 finding ganja in charleston is going to be a task and a half for a good ol loski i guess
 meet my boy smokey @ castlewood state park 
 boutta grab some of these hemp blunts and go back to the pad
 i love smoke tricks.
 i finally opened this bag of smokedgouda flavored chips i impulsebought at target over a year ago and im angery over how good they are
 i just smoked a 20 min perso gah damn ...
 2 dubs of dat dykman weed
 why eveytime i see someone smoken a wood i need to roll up another one
 thank you my brotha smoke a big back for me 
 just made my first liquid marijuana and he ordered another. im a beast at bartending.
 i jus smoked a blunt wtcho girlfriend
 @reallilscrappy @scottybyrd scrappy follow me they hacked my old shit im done to smoke if you ever in the 304
 @jeffrueter @fiftyfiveone cant wait for the smoke to clear from this one.
 well no i have a reason to go smoke
 well now i have a reason to go smoke
 stuck between being a weedhead again amp getting my bf to be sober w me 
 ima smoke forever like.
 when you hit that marijuana 
 im sober  no more smoking weed 
 the weed loud oh you said something
 this is the nba version of scraping out the bottom of the weed pipe looking at players headers  
 roll on ya room amp smoke outside. 
 im just tryna smokeeee
 thick smoke.
 ima smoke your weed with you but ion like any of you boys    noguilt noshame
 ok smokey text me back  invite me over ...
 nofilter .  palmistry kept the smoke machine going the whooool time  @ rickshaw stop 
 @repeatz95 inv me to a dubs sweetydbv ima smoke real quick
 im about to shower  smoke  and phuck this food up
 might as well smoke a blunt and lay down
 smacked bitch i smoked 2 blunts 
 @plutodagreat smoke be all over cant be smelling too loud 
 bad ass bikers these nola women ride motorcycles in heels with a billowing plume of pink smoke at their back.  
 @thatjaybartow @andygrazsny @finyank13 tunsil is a beast i just hope he stays off. the weed
 @thatjaybartow @andygrazsny @finyank13 honestly just chill until nfl stops pretending it cares about weed in next cba
 back in the big smoke 
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend
 addy goes out this friday starts @11 jersey theme.  byob  byow  dj jkrill  light and smoke. be there 
 noobs on 2k get smoked  2k17 
 i might miss ya  but watch me smoke this blunt amp forgot ya
 tryna get through orientation and these dudes have to go smoke a cigarette every 5 min..
 cvsi futl cgrw  3 weeds to watch close as march approaches.
 i just took a flick with your girlfriend  i been kicking shit with your girlfriend  i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 your mcm smokes for the aesthetic
 this weed not loud enough for what im feeling.
 first stop on the @spartanburgcvb historytour spartan mills smokestack  built in 1888. scgovcon17 historyiscool 
 about to go smoke and just clear my mind
 this bitch deadass hit my line thinking ima smoke her out biihhh please
 accident reported in eastmeadow on wantagh pkwy sb between hempstead tpk and the southern pkwy traffic 
 bay hit this weed cause it my calm you down 
 ima smoke then periscope what yall on today
 i only smoke blunts 
 what you see after the smoked meats show on february 24th  at bubes brewery. connected alien 
 trynna smoke 20 blunts for my 20th birthday 
 bless the soul of whoever turned my wallet in at the bus station  if i knew who ya were id smoke a fat blunt with you
 @justcallmemav for a hot second i thought the neighbors might call 911 bc of all the smoke billowing from our backyard. and i thought of him
 you only hit up people to smoke couldnt be me
 me later when i smoke these blunts 
 i follow soulja boy on snapchat he drink lean and smoke weed everyday 
 comment with your snapchat names follow me  ganjafolarin
 bae hit dis weed kuz it might kalm u down..
 this weed is screaming its so loud 
 get the entire been dabbin oil rig line at cirrus smoke shop. great glass at great prices 
 tfw one of your looming todo items fixes itself cause your smoke alarm and outlet in the bathroom magically work again. torontohydro
 i walk into city and emma goes  hey do you want a cookie with weed in it so tonight is sick.
 ol skool que just rolled out our new smoked pork belly sundae with mac and cheese come and get 
 and i might just smoke your bitch ass out
 ima smoke weed till the death of me 
 im at poogans smokehouse in charleston  sc 
 @rambledahdoo well ima smoke my own weed and you gone smoke yours simple.
 knowing that i should really be cleaning  i grab the bag of pizza rolls out of the freezer and smoke another bowl lazystoner
 @rambledahdoo  ima have a five pack anyway so you rolling your weed in the backwood. and you can save your gars for the perso
   join us in atlantic city  nj march 1819 to meet the experts of the cannabis industry at harrahs hotel amp resort.
 giveem an ounce of weed and a deadline to have x amount of money... 
 what do i need to smoke to enjoy future cause this set at rolling loud is going to be hard on me.
 i smoke the loud loud loud up in hollywood
 art show party @ smoke tree ranch 
 ya girl is finally a legal marijuana smoker 
 my dad just randomly sent me an article about the recent marijuana charges in elmhurst 
 weednation weed wesmokeweed 420 sfvop sfvog hightime weedlife 
 baby that baby too crazy  put me to sleep like a baby  i like to smoke w jamaicans
 smh everytime i get weed from this nigga he take 30 mins to bring it out.  then try to talk to you for another 30min after he give it to u
 bae hit this weed cuz it might calm you down 
 hit my line or dm me im tryna smoke 
 dont let this weed hold back from ya full potential
 bae hit this weed cuz it might calm you down ill rub ya feet listening to everything you talking bout 
 great smoke 
 finally got myself a weedmaps lanyard 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 richmond va virginia likely to ease rules on marijuana wwbt nbc12 newsjan 30  2017
 when the cops show up not just because the weed too loud but you just loud lmo
 but the migos aint want no smoke with big soulja 
 structural and functional effects of marijuana on the brain  va @practiceupdate
 about to smoke with @kamafuckinkazii @weeweesnarf
 him n his girlfriend self opeyens herez ah track now take me back to the mf club crazy mfz wherez the weed mf lol
 great mixtape to smoke too @thejuelzsantana  
 @hxranslatte the weed has been smoken... 
 march 1st no more arrest on a bs weed charge
 who sells weed in oak cliff
 job interview what skills qualify you for this job flashback of doing vape pen smoke tricks to dubstep drops uhh.. salesmanship
 in the smoke of the sting performance with washington national operas jarrod lee at @dcpl  
 hate being sober  ima smoker
 damn i was able to go to the gym  make myself an omelette amp shower all before 9 i need to stop being such an adult and smoke some weed
 smoke weed cannabis weed smoke stayhigh fly follow followme 
 make amurica great again was the biggest con ever  smoke screen for the bigger picture...line their pockets w  
 firefighters were called back to 3908 franklin ave after passerby reported seeing smoke. overnight fire is still 
 at school. hanging out. that thing called cannabis. thanks  cannabis acmpr cannakid bedrolite schooldays  
  dante for knowing i cant smoke amp keep sending me snaps sayin its my hit 
 legalize weed and the hopi might let you in on the loot.  robbersroost
 cabrera the gawd.. smoked em... ha 
 @marcmarinelli we have your stallions and smoke machine ready for your entrance sir.
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend 
 im so blasted.... thinking bout the other blunt ima smoke later lmfaoooo
 im a hell of a smoker  and a bit of a drinker... i know ya name  ya name is unimportant
 i just smoked a ounce in 3 blunts
 @flowkana  wants to turn this winery into a cannabis education center 
 i hit jordan up and said u got any weed to smoke and he replied with maybe why now im very angry
 when the weedman say he gone pull up in 5 min and its been 6min 
 aint no way 2 or 3 blunts coming out 1g you might as well smoke the damn cigar
 baby hit this weed it might calm you down rub yo booty listening to everything you talkin bout 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend.
 got to class late so i had to sit with the group of students who shower in cigarette smoke and drakkar noir
 accident blocks a center lane in harris on 610 w lp sb at woodway  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 6 mins traffic
 a 14 year old literslly just said to her 12 year old sister hold on im going to go smoke quick ill be right back.. what
 accident cleared. in harris on 610 w lp sb at woodway  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 6 mins traffic
 hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 your boyfriends an alcoholic  but guccis a reefer chiefer. your girlfriends a penis eater  i swear shes a people pleaser.
 i can ripp my owm weed 
 kourt threw down stuffed now bout to smoke this black finish my homework
 stop and go traffic in bellaire on 610 w lp sb between hempstead and evergreen  delay of 21 mins traffic 
 sooo the atampt servers are down in hempstead... i just had to drive to houston to text my nigga back 
 my weed to strong nigga
 when in doubt  smoke a joint
 last one....finally. @ town of hempstead in ny 
 i accidentally called anthony and he called back two seconds later and was like whatcha need pizza hugs smoke sesh
 confessions of a budtender your weed might weigh more check it out   boulder cannabis 
 have smoke that make ya eat make ya sleep make ya trick make ya treat 
 i want to see my country ass friends that have girlfriends that cook pecan pies while they smoke the briskets
 bitch i smoke too damn much to b worried bout u
 love when players in off season just go out and run smoke 3 on thier own relentless reload 
 having a smoke on the sidewalk.  greenfield pittsburgh  shot 220 itsjakemurray   picoftheday 
 former nfl player marvin washington advocating cannabis for athletes in pain at mita az @mwash52 cannabis4pain 
 uniondale mva car accident with fire hempstead turnpike and california ave
 dncdebate candidates are doing a fantastic job if i was running as a candidate legalize  marijuana and take back our country rerestusa
 smoke great weed only
 over 7k in cash  jewelry  edibles  pounds of weed  dabs  even my fucking vans.
 when the service is out alll around pv   waller  and hempstead
 i swear ima smoke these blunts and forget about you 
 so much smoke i might as well be a chimney. 
 before i ever get stabbed n the back or slit by the throat im going out pistol and smoke.  like bro  riplildonnie 
 in 6th grade i said italian dunkers with a side of marijuana instead of marinara over the intercom for morning 
 i smoke amp im still emotional.. 
 im bout to smoke some resin and write some of the worst poetry ull never hear
 ima smoke this l 
 in 7th grade i almost got expelled from all schools in illinois for 2yrs bc i had weed amp a pipe in my shoe but ende 
 den dont smoke it 
 i also got susoended 9th grade for some weed 
 one day ill smoke big blunts w the loml  
 turned your bitch to a paul male smoker
 whyd i smoked 2 blunts to the face
 finna smoke amp shower
 hit dis weed cuz it might calm u down.... i rub ya feet listening to everythang u tawkin bout.. 
 i swear ion smoke but i might just have to hit all these blunts tonight
 accident  right lane blocked in salisbury on wantagh pkwy nb at old country rd  stop and go traffic back to hempstead tpk  delay of 7 mins
 non smoker  good energy level  testosterone level is 1000. next step
 @carooquick onfg  roll it and lets smoke half a blunt in the back
 @tpcarney  proposed weed out hate to @vp  to bring country together. 3.2 min into clip  
 moderate smoke condition checking for fire 
 @ericherring @somalitribe @somalianalyst where theres smoke there isnt always fire  but there often is
 should i smoke then get in the shower or get in the shower then smoke
 jasper smoke a blunt  fuc a bitch  me in the butt im bossin 
 @zonemadison wisconsin line moved to 7.  they both average in the low 70s. i smoked up in the 70s now i smoke up at any temperature
 i had good grades cause i sold my teachers weed  
 @yaboychefbaker ganja is not dubstep he occupies 30 of my soundcloud
 @crueibloom whos tryin to smoke loud i got loud.
 fwm and get smoked or fwm and smoke too
 damn pressa  smokedawg  and puffyls really making big moves..
 shoutout to a amazing old smoke buddy @jonesz574 go follow her and all my pothead followers go follow her for me. cloud9  
 in 11th grade i smoked with the locker room manager before a football game 
 a good day to smoke some big loud 
 what a great night wed like to thank our cannabis amp cocktails panellists amp guests for a stellar event. stay tuned 
 my weed so loud  it will scream in your ear @daniellelynn181 @nickabutler @shanevogler @thestorysocodz @tmo996 
 @onelifetogive @freebeacon tough to follow this one a 3rd bathroom type guy  a coked up amp smoked up montel amp the most miserable host on tv.
 @shgtus . tu for pullin the weeds
 dear @philjackson11 do nyc a favorampgo back to your wyoming ranch and smoke pot and relax. youre sabotaging the knicks nbatradedeadline
 accident. only the left lane gets by in fortworth on 20 eb at i35w  stopped traffic back to hemphill st  delay of 5 mins dfwtraffic
 she admitted exposing 20monthold kaylei carter to marijuana butts left un an ashtray at the apartment where she w 
 @jenniferjjacobs @spettypi session does not allow weed.that will go over big
 @hnunez89 thanks hannahim coming through later with some top shelf feel free to smoke ya boys one time
 @djones97 @loveeejasss now look at all of us  smoke big blunts
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 why would weed be the line 
 no immigrants. no protests. no marijuana. no lgbt. no racialethnic minorities. no constitutional knowledge. no tolerance.
 okay ima smoke
 @randomsubu @hillaryclinton those who now march over immigration  and didnt vote knew the stakes. so did the weed heads.  enjoy the bust
 coincidence that the same day the talk about having more forprofit prisons that they want to attack the marijuana community triggered
 so ima still smoke it  
 likening the opiod crisis to recreational marijuana usage might be trumps dumbest stance yet and thats saying a l 
 sessions supports private prisons. illegal immigrants in detention centers amp potential crackdown on weed. legalized slavery. thanks  13th a.
 expanding private prisons  cracking down on marijuana use  a coincidence.
 yeah. we have to do what we can about this. it would be nice if we could fill prisons with pedophiles not weed smokers @ivyn19641 @vice
 this year  the illicit marijuana market is estimated at nearly 300 million in oregon.  
 @govmaryfallin raise the price of smokes amp we get more crime. tax  big  oil its the big giveaway
 what kinda loud did she smoke 
 increasing private prisons and criminalizing marijuana to lock people up and pack those prisons does not make america great
 lets smoke some more blunts  my5wordhappyending
 its time to get back on my weeds hype  ive been laggggggin on this show
 if i dont smoke soon ima spazzzz 
 i also accept weed as payment 
 your mcm smoke wit these 
 won 40 in 2k today  who want some smoke 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 3rd hand smoke kills
 thursday is over  wahoo  @ north hempstead  new york 
 got a delicious tritip soaking up some smoke on the @biggreenegg  my mouth is watering lol 
 babe hit dis weed cause it might calm ya down
 @wmmcgregor thanks for the follow happy smokes
 @realcigartalk thanks for the follow happy smokes
 @thetinsociety thanks for the follow happy smokes
 @andreaswipfli thanks for the follow happy smokes
 @cigarjavi thanks for the follow happy smokes
 why do boys wiggle their hands while they smoke blunts 
 its bad enough that the @pelicansnba are getting smoked  but im stuck looking like a giant 
 finna take my shower and smoke this blunt
 @arimelber @maddowblog also trying to make a lot of americans into lawbreakers to fill the prisons. immigrants  pot smokers  poor people.
 .@thegranada .... can you lay off the smoke machine coughcoughcough helpme
 @lmildwater @tedsmarijuana weed stirs more comments than politics. some comments are good.
 in 8th grade i got expelled for smoking weed in the bathroom  
 ima have to smoke sumn this weekend. 
 i dont smoke but i might roll one.
 alll im trynna do is smoke a backwood or two while listening to this new future album and no ones fwm.
 @drewvision @jamesonwhiskey this is the smokers lounge  kindergarten is on first floor
 @royaltenoch spensa i hotboxed my car at my pad you know just smoke a bowl and then hop in the shower sunday for a fact tho
 this app will test whats in your weed  daily vice  vice video  via @vicevideo
 shower smoke schleep
 shots and marijuana will be the keys march4 jerseyshore 
 @rosie private prisons for marijuana users.then use inmates in the fields to replace undocumented workers. great scheme by trumps traitors
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend
 @karaswisher great trump traitors scheme. private prisons for marijuana users and replace undocumented workers in fields with inmates. sick
 @maddow private prisons for marijuana users. then replace undoc workers with inmates in fields. trump traitors great scheme to maga sick
 @lawrence private prisons for marijuana users. replace undoc workers in fields with inmates. trumps traitors great scheme to maga. sick
 @wendellpierce @waynesutton as does criminalizing protests  detaining vs deporting immigrants  convicting marijuana usersdealers resist
 @mmflint private prisons for marijuana users. then replace undoc workers with inmates in the fields. trumps traitors great scheme sick
 @occupydemocrats private prisons for marijuana users. then replace undoc workers with inmates in fields. great scheme by trumps traitors
 another sleepless night   might as well smoke 
 couldnt take any ls in 2k tonight @nolimitdt2x5 they dont want no smoke 
 flashback to when me and @choicechodes smoked a dub and turned on fox to see this 
 into this new show called weeds. pretty alright.. 
 who trrya smoke text me 5618597296
 @imnotstoopid he walked up by the smoke circle on the side of our house  i yelled his name and he started rolling on his back like a dog 
  hey numbnuts  prisons full of targeted black amp be own youth who smoked a joint. do your research @realdonaldtrump
 @potus obamacare amp tax reforms   not bathrooms amp weed. that is all  thanks for listening.
 the great marijuana debate in 7th grade.
 the future needs of the federal correctional system require private prisons  i guess  when they target marijuana. 
 @stephenstephan 33k overdose deaths in 2015 from opioids  vs. marijuana at zero.  this is a states rights issue  prohibition is over
 invest in private prisons. crack down on state legal weed. pass anti protestor laws. watch the  roll in. 
 why are people so afraid of marijuana
 me and kyle rutan hit a lick for an oz of kush with a plastic gun . invited dude in.. he layed weed on table and we pulled out the draco
 govt announced return of private prisons  promises to crack down on weed.   largest prison co donated 125 000 to t 
 trumpsessions rushing back to the good old days.private prisons that will be filled with marijuana arrest.old white men ruining the country
 the business of cannabis is a freight train going full speed.  i dont think it can be stopped. the war on mj is over.    endwaroncannabis
 pine ridge ranger district burns piles at outrider today  by chadron state park. smoke may be visible from us hwy. 385 and the state park.
 he thinks the prisons are full of deplorable immigrants and they are overstuffed wblack  brown marijuana users. r 
 the weed to loud turn up the volume
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 baby hit this weed it might calm you down 
 @tommytwotone80 @trumpregrets  you voted for a con man...not to worry  im sure youll get your weed back in about 4 more years...not
 @boswomensmarch im ready for a 420 march in protest of protecting recreational marijuana legalization resist theresistance cannabis
 @rawleyivan supposedly the private prisons have population mandates.. him clamping down on recreational weed will for sure help.
 @nascaronfox @tonystewart @disupdates @heytammyt and i were there in 2008 for smokes win in victory lane
 great call @coachjoesloan   bristers smokehouse is the real deal trustthelocals
 i only smoke loud green
 yaaas finally some one to kick it and smoke with  
 im finally about to smoke 
 paul smoke  decentralization expert @nyuniversity speaking on localizing the sdgs globaldeb isa2017
 enoing in the great smokeys 
 sb state st. closed madison to adams for fire crew staging. smoke appears to be coming out of the palmer house hilt 
 @patmcafeeshow do you think nfl players should be able to use marijuana for medical purpose have you smoked since you retired chatwithpat
 maybe if you stop snorting coke and smoke a lil weed ur calm the fuck down and maybe ur wife will come back home..turd
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 pos hugo bastista amp victor pena motivated to step into the ring and box in a future nypd smoker  
 @absurdistwords so hes saying we need to grow more reefer at home  then   great
 im ready to smokeeee.
 cooking for 3 different families today   thank heavens for phish amp great weed 
 damn homie. good luck ima smoke 1 4 ya 
 1 smoke shop  everything you want here 5422 w atlantic blvd margate fl 33063 tel 9549789301 open every day from 
 hit this weed cuz it might calm u downnnn
 @jellyroll615 come down to prophit apparel on 6012 smoke ranch rd  las vegas  nv 89128 for some free stuff  
 crack down on marijuana  loosen up on for profit prisons  and the capitalist machine marches on
 i agree same thing with weed 
 we have regional dry van amp reefer spots available. good pay  good miles  great company to work for. follow amp dm for details.  truckingjobs
 @realdonaldtrump i hope the spicer news conference claiming marijuana amp opioids are similar is fake news. if not spicer is an ignoramous
 finished the echinaca weeding amp shearing. now to dump on compost pile. 
 accident blocks two right lanes in fortworth on 20 eb at oak grove rd  stop and go traffic back to hemphill st  delay of 6 mins dfwtraffic
 if i smoke this blunt  then i might forget ya 
 watching the 5 tonight. big question for legalizing weed is how do you stop the driving and smoking. no  reliable test yet.@ericbolling
 uh oh  my big boy wants and gets his own now  another free smoked 
 accident cleared in fortworth on 20 eb at oak grove rd  stop and go traffic back to hemphill st  delay of 4 mins dfwtraffic
 i aint been able to smoke. interview after interview. my ass ended up takin a drug test for lowes yesterday @triggaty5
 i count 5 helicopters over the uws and theres smoke uh oh
 i spilled some weed killer on my hands and accidentally touched my face. kimjongnam
 who trying to smoke blunts and hit the auto show
 this man only hits my line to smoke em out  bih if u dont get ya two job having ahh tf outta here boyyy
 @mattmasur had 2 agree with you on private prison systems for profit and the med marijuana rolled in with opioids that big pharm have  on
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend 
 your phone or ya weed about to hit the ground   which one you saving 
 @naschools very classy deed this evening at girls playoff game vs hempfield.  great effort to allow a player score  good luck tigers
 @naschools very classy deed this evening at girls playoff game vs hempfield.  great effort to allow a player score  good luck tigers
 bae hit this weed it may calm you down 
 between prison privatization amp the marijuana crackdown   @realdonaldtrump administration is taking our incarceration epidemic to new level.
 its the ones that smoke blunts wichaaa
 and got smoked by the great one 
 ima need to smoke after this game smh dcfamily
 little clumsy baby. @ froberg vegetable amp fruit farm  greaks smokehouse 
 when you finally get food amp weed 
 wowwwww aaron berry smokes the layup after the steal @lpchawks wishes they had that one back
 allow me to officially welcome back our giant center teams of mennonite  lebanon  and hempfield with this 
 @slone presenting @vp weed out hate yarmulke 
 thots of a feather smoke penises together
 dear 7th floor  if you could turn your smoke alarm off thatd be great.
 when the weed loud af 
 i smoked 2 blunts with the loml cause i love him 
 i smoke weed because life is great and i loves me a blunt to celebrate how great it is.
 let me hit this weed 
 i smoke because it calms my nerves.
 i feel so great   life is great  weed is great  music is great
 drink  smoke  shower  smoke 
 amp i foot rub while i smoke 
 im driving in circles around lax so mikayla can smoke all this weed before she goes through security... ring ring
 now hit this weed cause it might calm you down  i rub your feet listening to everything you talk about
 up buzzin smokein these thonks up
  smoke loud  like nicotine 
 10lbs of pork butt getting ready to go in the smoker at 6am maineyeti maine bbq porkbutt 
 baby girl ima smoker  lay ya downamp ill stroke ya
 i smoke blunts back 2 back cuz my nerves bad
 sending dennishastert to prison for 15 months for pedophilia vs minorities to prison for weed is bullshit x1k.   
 sending dennishastert to prison for 15 months for pedophillia vs minorities to prison for weed is bullshit x1k. 
 both yal is corny slime snake mafuccas. i see why ya relationship goin smooth. ya the same person. ya nigga is a whole hoe he ah get smoked
 cold breath heaves heavier with clove smoke billowing ...  poetry amwriting amhellville hellville yournewfavoriteauthor vegas
 hahahaha.  so great on so many levels.  thanks for weeding out the dumb ones  dan. 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 @adamcarolla @adamcarollashow im listening to lilytomlin being interviewed on @npr and i hear the chirp of a dying smoke detector lol
 good seeing my boi solo out  fuck 12k smoked phat yesterday with the team
 the top 4 nfl players who smoke weed its no secret these high paid nfl stars love cannabis 
 well im up now might as well smoke
 ya mcm will smoke a blunt w 5 random people he just met but wont eat the heel of the loaf
 i gotta hit the club... i been on weed maps and it all looks like butt niggas charging 60 a 8th of some blue dream
 brenden this weed is called wizard dick mewhy brenden cause it fucks you in the ass  @bschnides95
 can i smoke weed in the shower
 block they number then smoke a couple blunts 
 rollin up a dumbbell all i smoke is strong
 @truthsself @staywithwilders wheres theres smoke theres often fire. any legitimate potus should have the thick skin to withstand.
 nearly 2 hrs into town hall  very few people have left  still standing room only. dedicated citizens. now talking abt marijuana.
 can i hit that weed  or can you pass it   
 the lady who is renting this condo to ryan and i just smoked me out 
 @kiefchiefer i.. live in colorado but when i smoke weed now i stopped for years when moved to kansas  i get bad trips. 
 she do coke and hit my line  smoke my dope and waste my timeeee
 hyvee chili is my favorite so far. but i smelled some smoked beat somewhere. @ sertoma chili 
 simply southern smokehouse is calling my name .. 
 @dwillboi nba 2k17 lol and then a smoke sesh
 we smoke 6 blunts in a seash
 i smoke great weed tbh
 the weednd ran that coming out strong 
 bayhit this weed it might calm you down @ meridian  mississippi 
 @cigerelle or u can smoke me out phat hahah
 @jonesjk24 with the smoked hit to left and scores a run on @espn3 beatunc 
 @tdeanda28 @illmatickid yall are both wrong.  you are going to end up dead might as well smoke a red 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 baby hit this weed it might calm you down
 go to the gym  hit some good weed after nd then hit the movies 
 @highrollercyrus loud pak loud pak has me ova for some cuddling and ganja
 im excited to smoke down with @shittyshots tonight and do our potcast  stay tuned...
 blunts and elotes at this smoke sesh  
 anyoneeee tryinggggg to smokeeee an l
 well soon learn if potus trolls a bluff w the inevitable smokescreen of boycotting whcadinner no doubt hell surge back if whcd is empty
 accident  left lane blocked in fortworth on 20 eb at hemphill st dfwtraffic 
 @michaellibbie @vp reading weed out hate inscription and then hugging me for it 
 mwusca  marijuana legalization and your teen  one thing that remains clear and constant is that marijuana is not 
 damn  i was hype. pass me da green  need some weed with my hennessy master p
 your mcm smokes swishers
  smoke billowing from japan nuclear plant  fire reported near reactors tepco unaware of cause of smoke
 a celebration of brady nowell tonight at @thecubbybear for sublime tribute  second hand smoke  red hot chili p... 
 closed due to serious fire in nassau on penninsula blvd eb between hempstead ave and before ocean ave traffic 
 roll up smoke thweep
 finally happy to relax amp smoke an l 
 does this tweet include marijuana 
   @alekbee has to do defend his countrymens ability to smoke 4 packs a day and build an nba team atthesamedamntime
 its the ones that smoke blunts with ya .
 first try at javelina smoked jalapeo sticks and oh my god these 
 yall we done smoked 20 blunts amp its takin me everything not to tap out but im over here tweakinnn in my head 
 keep calm and smoke 96 buy tangier tobacco online   or visit our store in 
 when emma is in her volkswagen beetle with a bunch of weed plants  batesmotel
 finna smoke one more time den hopefully im sleep
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 liquid marijuana and slot machines 
 shower then smoke or smoke then shower 
 i be so hype when i know im about to smoke.
 qball smokes weed to fit in
 mwusca   marijuana legalization and your teen  one thing that remains clear and constant is that marijuana is not 
 and my girlfriends here with weed  400.  a car
 ima take a shower and then smoke a square out my window thuglife
 @babysydddd smoke up 
 weve got some big news yall  sunday brunch has officially launched at smokebelly you can now 
 the down side to pet owning. suspecting smokey got hit by a car as he couldnt move his back 
 @lalalakiaa i might smoke weed occasionally
 me and hannah finally smoke together after all deez years 
 ima do this since i dont smoke 
 this last week in colorado has been so great and its not easy leaving so ima just go smoke this doobie and cry
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down  ill rub yo feet listening to everything you talking bout 
 @altonbrown another successful everydaycook recipe. smoked pork butt turned out perfect. no need for sauce thank 
 i roll the fattest blunts when i smoke alone 
 i get hit up @ 4am asking if i want to smoke. yup we smoking alright. 
 accident in lasvegas on n michael wy north of smoke ranch rd vegastraffic 
 all that work to get it back to evens now up in smoke. marchand with redirect in front sails the puck right over lehtonen.
 as @sensanders takes another hit from his publicly provide hemp amp bong 
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend.
 great to see michael back on the mound. cs beat smokey 112. micha l pitched two innings  no runs or hits. one k an 
 accident  shoulder blocked in baldwin on the southern st pkwy eb at eagle ave  stop and go traffic back to hempstead ave  delay of 4 mins
 @realdonaldtrump plz include decriminalization of cannabis. prohibition wasis based on lies. we love you and trust you. thank you  n god bl
 eloy smoked that off salazar  great to see.. stud
 also goes  great with brisket chili.  drinking a dreadnaught by @3floyds @ smoke justis   
 a fabulous vaginamonologues show  great job  ora @ the smokestack 
 when the weed hit you and your friend call your name  
 jailing marijuana usersdealers is a crime in itself  not to mention the waste of law enforcements time  prison space  amp taxpayer dollars.
 i just smoked a blunt w your girlfriend
 @crankyoldbag some strong weed ya gat there
 accident  two lanes blocked in hempstead on the southern st pkwy wb east of hempstead ave  stop and go traffic back to grand ave traffic
 scale to weight ya weed baby  
 to many people talking bout this movie  might as well smoke and then go see it.
 @tonystewart congrats smoke took you 19 years but theres your daytona 500 baby
 @tonystewart congrats smoke
 i got 3 dags of weed today those foos getting worked for there crv
 baby hit this weed cuz it might calm you down
 i only smoke blunts if they rolld prahpuh
 like  i stopped smoking squares  weed  amp stopped drinking amp she assumes its bc im pregnant
 my weed foreign im smoken that sebsi jwinta lkeef hasheeeeesh
 bout to smoke without kashirah in a min
 ya mcm smoke swishers
 bfd arrived on scene on old castleberry rd. heavy smoke showing.
 @spikevalentine i just put in a 6 lbs pork shoulder into the smoker for the night.
 the nfl pumps their players full of opioids all season long  but a player is caught with weed and theyre suspended games firegoodell
 the two guys in the back of this eride smell so strongly of cigarette smoke that its making my eyes water.  quick summary of being an hsp.
 got weed with no blunts
 mangoes and weed 
 i got the iris  i smoked my cigarette and now ima pass out. i fixed my sleeping schedule thank godddd
 i got the itis  i smoked my cigarette and now ima pass out. i fixed my sleeping schedule thank godddd
 hit after hit. filling the emptiness in my chest with smoke
 follow me on snapchat for all weed based activities @ idkhali art
 great weed. 
 one week and i can smoke all the blunts i want to finally 
 i just smoked a blunt w ya gf
 rub on butt and smoke on woods thats how i enjoy spending my days off .
 i only smoke strong 
 auto accident with entrapment uniondale ave and hempstead turnpike. 
 im finally back home time to shower  smoke a blunt  amp pop a pill  dallasround2
 @bbyphat222 happy birthday mama   hope u had a great one and smoked hella blunts 
 i finally have some money weed  chumash
 i hate that i agree with cubanto potus.keep your hands off my weedmotherfuckers 
 i might miss ya  but ill just smoke this blunt an forget ya
 @tyberiousductor im not big on weed but ya its somewhat nice knowign i have someone within reach for  420
 wait nahh. i wana smoke while getting a neckback rub  then head. yeaaa. that order. 
 @destroyfrog im gonna smoke big bongloads with mango mike
 i dont smoke often but when i do.... @ logan square  chicago 
 bout to hit the weed man  and head to austin.
 hit this weed baby it might calm you down 
 aint hit no weed in two days out here ima go crazy
 @stevegod none i forgot i smoked it all  i might cop later though
 another glorious monday morning to consumed by the giant smoke cloud that is richmond va 
 i say hit this weed and let it calm you down 
 for me not to smoke i have to stay active
 my grandma and mom had a convo about weed lmao.  mom  and loud are the same thing ma. gma uh uh  that  newer than loud me 
 not that get out huh  rt @tweethuggin might smoke sumn and go to da movies
 all neffs smoke weed  its great
 my brother @babygrowsdank birthday today  might just have to smoke a wood for u big bro
 ima smoke a square now
 @tihydp spent yesterday tending the smoker and listening to the endure. great stuff. @cuckenjohnson was spot on too.
 brb i need to smoke some weed before i go insane
 great food  great weed  great weather  women finer than j.lo california
 @tonystewart great work yesterday smoke 
 sandwiched in a tight blue line train going home..only positive was strong weed smell emanating from the back..fridayfeeling littlethings
 baby hit dis weed it might calm you down   i rub ya feet listening to everything you talking bout
 ous aviu smokes a line drive  but natchitoches native @madelynpaige14 stabs it out of the air.   no. 9 ou 1  nsu 0 in b4. two outs.
 @lbell26 go smoke another joint dink weed.
 ma ya mcm smokes pall malls while listening to blue october
 lttaygt oops i did it again... i klined your bot... and then smoked some pot.. oh baby baby..
 when i dont smoke weed for a while amp i finally smoke again i have prophetic visions.
 didnt they give scrap deleon like 8 years in prison cause of weed bruh
 thanks colgan i just love the thick layer of smoke and the smell of burning trash
 3 kilos of cocaine  30 lbs. of marijuana  181k found in north jersey drug mill bust prosecutor 
 people be askin me to sell them a smoke i point to the gas station nearby and go  there ya gooooooo busta
 this mom of two in my drawing foundations class is wearing jean overalls with a weed patch on the back and i salute her
 pemberton  nj dwelling fire 211 palm ave. chief 1800 on scene with smoke showing from the roof. first due leading off with a 1.75 line.
 i do not wanna smoke blunts with em.
 accident blocks 2 right lanes. in greaterheights on 610 n lp eb at shepherd  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 8 mins
 ok but why is all of manassas smokey as fuck
 accident blocks 2 right lanes. in greaterheights on 610 n lp eb at shepherd  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 10 mins
 accident cleared in greaterheights on 610 n lp eb at shepherd  stop and go traffic back to hempstead  delay of 8 mins traffic
 we finna smoke strong 
 niggas be smokers but only know how to roll blunts and only smoke blunts  nigga gtfo on baby shit.
 va horrible drivers  wannabe rednecks  and weed. 
 i wish my wife would smoke while shes pregnant with my future back to back mvp  5 time nba champion and 4 time nba all defensive team.
 hit me for smoke 
 i shot a .22 today  smoked blunts  went to prison city brewery and now im drunk in the car back to cuse. its not even 5 yet. sos
 henbit is in full bloom control this pesky annual winter weed with a broadleaf herbicide. 
 dallas is entering a renaissance. if it keeps growing in this way with music and art and food and weed  i might change my antidallas stance
 do yall like to smoke before you shower or after
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 bout to smoke a big one
 ima smoke my weed and enjoy my life till its all over 
 lmao the rosa about weed.
 your mcm smokes mids
 finna smoke a lil before tho brb
 newly married new paltz legal immigrant facing deportation for 13 yr old marijuana misdemeanor charge. 
 level up your smoke in 2017 rawpapers only byetobacco  
 awwh shit its about to be some smoke in the city lhhatl
 smelling smoke at 29th and ridge  guessing hutch fires  stay safe
 ima sip until i feel it ima smoke it till its done
 babe hit this weed it might calm you down..
 ur mcm smokes a .5 wit 10heads on it
 quick stop back to the car to smoke then back to disney 
 but hes a one trick goroute kind of receiver. whether or not kapgab could hit him deep is a smoke screen. low  pass plays to begin with.
 text snap smoke signal 
 tryna smoke some loud ya feel me
 baby hit this weed cuz it might calm you down
  smoke rings at mount etna  active volcano in sicily  italy
 when weed hit and you having a stroke  
 i just smoked a blunt with my girlfriend
 wtf this makes me mad you shouldnt smoke while pregnant. you should be 100 sober for the sake of your babys hea 
 brothers dont shake hands  brothers gotta hug. @ smokey glen farm barbequers  inc. 
 i need you to smoke with me baby
 i havent really shown twitter my smoke fired stuff. well  here ya go  
 okc strong smell of smoke likely from fire on okks state line nw
 getting weed sent to you in a ranch container
 well holy smokes. 
 roll up that weed i like it real loud
 @anncoulter after all the smoke clears these democrats are going to look foolish  i doubt if theyll ever win any level of government again
 shower then smoke
 do i smoke another blunt or do i smoke out of the bong
 drugs have there pros amp cons like anything else in generalprofessionals amp convicts smoke bonds of runs at home getit legalsteroids pa
 @yourdoguniverse someone in the comments said it was the way the sun hit the smoke 
 high thought ..... waterproof blunt wraps so you can smoke in the shower 
 im up. might as well smoke some weed. 
 seen a smoker hit the pipe nd watched em hit the stanky leg.
 @ikwerreman if u agree with carson its not pammy..dat na breakfast weed
 when smokes calm your breath.
 @tjneargarder @wikipuff88 @americancasual1 ill be that guy those are smoke machines.
 are any of the countries home of white descendants yet these countries have large muslim populations. its race not religion. smoke screen
 @bretbaier any fire to the new wiki smoke today
 @phillymayor very quick to support to pot smokers in rittenhouse sq  how bout your public condemnation on these flashmobs in center city
 police teen high on marijuana when she nearly hits cop 
 i think ima be single this holiday season again. well family  an old acquaintance  beer  weed and lots and lots of free range penis
 i just smoked a blunt with your girlfriend
 i might hit this weed cuz it might calm you down 
 @cnnbrk there is the cliff  there is the smoke u never inhaled.. and be aware that there is a .. well  technically its washington that is
 910 i get too fried when courtney and i smoke and i space out for like 30 mins and shes talkin and im listening but all i can do is
 i got 100100 on my bio exam ima smoke a blunt to celebrate
 bae hit this weed cause it might calm you down.
 @fazeblaziken aye lemme join faze clan i cant trickshot but ill roll yalls weed up
 ima just smoke it away 
 finally getting my peacock hair smoked off 
 here is a view of smoke along the southern horizon as viewed from the dodge city wsr88d tower. kswx 
 where boredom amp ganja meet follow me on snapchat  huggiemcfly 
 if you smoke prerolls... stay in your fucking lane 
 ya wcw only hits u up when she wants to smoke 
 hunch punch...ole smokey moonshine its here big 
 thanks marijuana business magazine for letting me share these cannabis investment insights  @mjbizdaily
 big fire in sw florida  smoke into naples @ the ritzcarlton resorts of naples 
 yall so afraid to fall in love ya just weed ya selves out lol
 thick smoke in the air on the ks ok line pray for these ppl 
 bridge smokes a double down the left field line to bring in a run.
 should be a good discussion tonight with @mjanders1 at agronomy in the field on weed mgmt and herbicide resistance 
 my girlfriend just left me to smoke a my mom 
 my girlfriend just left me to smoke w my mom 
 leadoff double for dbu. smoked over wades head in right.
 baby hit this weed  cause it may calm you down 
 this weed so melo  ima name it carmelo anthony
 i hate being sober  im a smoker 
 it might just be the weed  ill smoke more to be sure.
 cup of calm  smoke some weed okriley
 they bout to smoke ya boots sis 
 @vellidastranger @almightymixx i actually been on backwoods since mac dre said i smoke backwood blunts cause they the most expensive
 i just stopped cleaning mid scrub to go smoke 
 ion smoke but i might roll one .
 denmark vessey  dont smoke k2 @ wicker park  chicago 
 shower  smoke  amp sleep.
 im antibelmont. the crossisles pkwy and hemp tpke are already hell.this would this would increase the traffic in m 
 now that my weed is soooo loud you can hear it down the street
 ima sip until i spill it ima smoke it till its gone
 bae hit this weed cause it calm you down
 my partnas having a smoke session byow blinn18 blinn17
 so what do you do if you dont smoke and party  me study and not text back.. bye.
 hit the weed then pass out  homie you a amateur
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend
 thanks brother and without a doubt this is @epcarrillo most memorable smoke  
 @tedcruz ryan is boehner 2.0 figures he spends the week in smoke filled back rooms with the crony health care insurers. non starter
 @dellcam   oh great  another smokescreen. 
 instantly good weed 
 in alien covenant they good looking for the best weed in the galaxy but the xenomorphs aint having none of that 
 gotta smoke it all  hiphopartist hiphop music newmusic rapper rap indieartist 
 lmao yall wild its not the weed thats unhealthy its the smoke entering an undeveloped babys lungs . 
 i smoked a blunt after sex one time and it was great jamila
 just smoked a join wit yo girlfriend
 how often do i smoke
 i learned that the nigga that smoked with ya well smoke ya
 i certainly agree with that.  at the moment the pale of smoke is hanging over the obama wh.  i think the flames wil 
 im bout to cut back on smoking i smoke too much
 accident reported in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb approaching hempstead tpk traffic 
 reup in the trunk blowin smoke at traffic stops
 whenever the smoke is thick enough for @collierschools to man up and cancel school 
 hooooly smokes giants
 being able to text alyssa and ask her to smoke is a great feeling
 accident cleared in uniondale on meadowbrook pkwy nb approaching hempstead tpk traffic 
 i stopped smoking girls out in like 10th grade  bring your own weed ms independent
 heads up medical marijuana dev application for 138epender in chinatownyvr. comments due mar 10. no translated no 
 so i guess cowboys need to sign big dbs and great pass rushers who dont smoke pot
 ok ima go to this interview and smoke through the pain
 found out i smoked 2 blunts while blacked out 
 ima smoke a blunted with panda today 
 @shayyayy when the weed hits you
 fresh out the shower .. now i need to smoke
 amp your mcm smokes cigs  
 cuando te quieren dar un birthday blunt  now that your 18 you can smoke right   its vegan
 its a beautiful day to do homework  get cute amp smoke blunts at the park
 i75 closure reduced now closed mile 10180 collier blvd.  sr80 still active smoke and fire along 
 i see he finally caught smokey slippin... 
 me one millisecond after obtaining a medical marijuana document 
 i just smoked a blunt wit ya girlfriend
 honestly she can catch a smoke out 3times after the 3rd if theres no compensation she better match or throw down 
 what ya smoke with
 when you run out of weed at rolling loud that day and they start throwing out joints last year @rollingloud 
 nearly 9300 feet near st. peters done and small plies of smoke at times can be seen. @koaa 
 just curious...how often do you smoke weed
 trojans will play winner of hempstead and cr kennedy thursday at 245 in 4a semis iahsbkb
 ok  when will it b my turn 4 @sup3rfruit 2 follow me im a good bee  i eat my veggies and only smoke on thursday
 women who smoke are fuego  bitchwhatever
 into smoke im turned and rise following them up
 @wondermann5 cmon smokey eye and an off the shoulder shoulder pad
 if the bitch smoke blacks she will steal from ya
 accident  left lane blocked in hempstead on the southern st pkwy eb at hempstead ave  stop and go traffic back to franklin ave traffic
 move in silence   smoke loud
 stop and go traffic in bellaire on 610 w lp nb between fournace and hempstead  delay of 17 mins traffic 
 derrick diggins just lebron jamesoniguadala blocked a hempstead breakaway layin attempt  most impressive iahsbkb
 medical marijuana revenue is a sore point. budgeted 850k  short by 848k. oops @wbng12news
 willingboro  nj dwelling fire 20 medford lane. chief 1600 on location with smoke showing. engine 1613 in service with a 1.75 handline.
 baby hit this weed cause it might calm you down
 always smoke the loudest loud but im always ready
 ubs  summer hemphill and cassie oursler stuff ball state cardinals center renee bennett . 4747 in the 4th. 
 but ill finish this blunt of freshly prepared marijuanawhich is the loudest of louds might i say expertly rolled with hands that produce.
 should start back listening to wiz k when i smoke
 marijuana and driving see me and @irplawyer at tomorrows @clebc presentation cannabis marijuana march 9  2017. 
 shoulder fired missiles leave a smoke trail that says dan is here...  @dwarfclone @vekafitzfrancis @bosseone2 @rantsoutloud @pavlovzcat
 im lost as fuck right now. might be the weed. 
 partagas benji 46. bluesmokeofdallas texansoftheleaf partagascigars @ blue smoke of dallas 
 nice canned response  we cannot comment on the authenticity of purported intelligence.. no denial  i see smokej 
 paul ryan is all smoke and mirrors. he is way too slippery.
 @cakinit @callmedaishaa it take like 20 mins. depend on how much weed they put in it. cause for the 4th i was high like 15 mins later
 driving to mount charleston just to smoke 
 girl come take this weed and let it calm you down  i rub your feet listening to everything you talking about
 had a terica momentbaby hit this weed cause it might calm you down 
 love how anytime im in brem all my  boys hit me up to smoke me out like yass
 i just keep ignoring the constant beeping coming from my smoke alarm hoping it will go away. it doesnt.
 finally switching to marijuana
 just tryna chill and smoke some blunts with the girlfriend i dont have
 @samkalidi hmm... i am too old for most of these toys  and our priests and nuns just liked to smoke and drink  thats what turned them on.
 mfs tryna get dey education and smoke blunts innat mf  
 another great smoke after a crazy week on the road. one in vt and 
 post malone last weekend. threw out free weed midshow. postmalone @postmalone @ the 
 holyfeild by @postmalone and good weed. 
 mfs be playing and wonder why when the smoke clear they have no one 
 @theutopiansoul but you did have weed 
 like chris brown said all i am worried is about my work and my weed. aint worried about none of these chicks.
 shoulders and front squats w @mattmcvey1  he smoked 315 on fs.
 heads up smoke has ft christmas closed for about a quarter mile starting @ phillips rd going sb. 
 the next big thing will be the weed that counteracts opioids... @jss98rock
 accident reported in eastmeadow on wantagh pkwy nb at hempstead tpk traffic 
 accident cleared in eastmeadow on wantagh pkwy nb at hempstead tpk traffic 
 found some great weed tho 
 everybody smoke something  pour up something for the boy b.i.g ya feels me dawgg itsallgoodbabybabayy rippoppa
 @2greasly lmaoo ima smoke ya hairline you keep playing
 stfu courtney u cant even smoke 2 blunts baby lung ass bih
 we only smoke stuffed crust
 i only smoke big gas......but i will hit a 10 blunt im aint  boujee
 finally wont have to worry bout getting arrested for having weed 
 hello well b @garmin  on turner rd 2day 4lunch 10302  5038518157 4txt orders smoked pork ampsemi sandwiches wil 
 another traffic stop marijuana bust. wichitafallsnews crime 
 noah hemphill  sr. 3b a 1st team all conference w.415ba | 39 hits | 17 rbi and is a solid performer and leader of 
 its the ones that smoke blunts w ya
 gotta have the smoked meatloaf on thursdays @ queen city q the q  @theqclt in charlotte  nc w @msippi 
 @felixnavidad lmao dont forget to bring weed during sx
 you smoke that back yard bush i smoke that medical kush loud  bookofswizza
 @kathleenq @ericbrownzzz apparently some dude got busted for weed and denied it  so cops searched his room and found cocaine
 @kathleenq @ericbrownzzz like wtf bro you might as well admit to the weed  because you also have cocaine in ur room dawg
 2k smoke @blvcktrvil
 baby hit this weed cus it might calm you down...
 all i smoke is loud 
 fight resistance 7 always clean tillage  seeding and harvest equipment when leaving fields that are infested with herbicide resist. weeds
 go cart riding   smoke bout 2 blunts and vibe 
 coincidence. medical marijuana proposed on 138epender in chinatownyvr. violates @cityofvancouver bylaws. 
 i just smoked a blunt with ya girlfriend 
 liv getting thick cause of me. all we do is eat and smoke lmao
 @jasonnkazi i pulled weeds for about 45 mins
 finally im going to go visit my uncle mando and smoke this blunt w em
 well might as well smoke it up shid
 @therealkiss but i can only daydream chase cream and smoke good green no time for you jellybeans wearing women jeans so big tell pac yaamean
 i want a mansion with 10 bedrooms just to smoke my blunts insideeee
 well  we all escaped but john and the vets smoked their room and had 17min left superstars 
 bitch be high after 3 hits amp ima smoker. tolerance high dab
 we get it you smoke  you dont have to post a story on ya snapchat after every hit
 wish i had a blunt to smoke in this dumbass traffic
 where theres smoke. subscribe to my @youtubegaming gaming channel for more content  
 your mcm smokes double apple
 ya mcm smoke huff outta chocolates 
