 why do smokers always smoke after sex its only natural that after the greatest pleasure in life one reaches for the second greatest 
 caller says four occupants of a malibu are smoking the marijuana  25th amp z street
 @helenaironline the court also found drying begins when the bud is cut from the stalk of the marijuana plant. the court is blowing smoke
 burgundy  halo smokey eyes. check previous post for the mini tutorial @blackopalbeauty true 
 the other day i smoked  i got so high that i came to my senses 
 this is whats going on if we dont pay attention. the trump circus is a smokescreen 
 even though i hate to admit it  sometimes i smoke cigarettes. the christian folks say i should quit it i just smile and say god bless
 i really only smoke blacks when im getting high or drunk but here i am completely sober stress smoking a black lik 
 predictable hatchet job  you could see the smoke signals from miles away 
 had to smoke a black. im stressssing
 double four leaf clover pendant. for sale. will put on hemp or chain if preferred. 25 
 double handmade natural four leaf clover necklace on hemp  cha by fernwehfreya   via @etsy
 i wish i could smoke weed in the library
 wish a nigga would like a tree in this bitch.  and if a leaf fall put some weed in that bitch.
 wish a women would come over amp smoke a blunt with me
 bae come to dallas lemme take u to eat wings in the south and smoke some gas  @tydollasign we belong together
 lucian piane apologizing amp blaming his craziness over marijuana right when rupuals drag race hinted about its seas 
 five leaf clover necklace on hemp  chain or recycled shoestrin by fernwehfreya   via @etsy
 if we cant... thing we cant smoke. your nasdaq thing. you know  @littlefootlo   yes  she is cut off
 six leaf clover necklace on hemp  chain or recycled shoestring by fernwehfreya   via @etsy
 @richisaacs shes a crackhead rich clueless crack smoker.
 @soulcunting  cotton and pulp shut down hemp. pharma thc. and they want us in jail for prison investments. i wish them anal warts and pain.
 when you wish the weed could just roll itself 
 .@tuckercarlson  wow  tucker. jose smoked you tonight. you seem to be processing things at a slower rate than most people. mouthbreather
 everything except weed  
 he does this every time he either eats our roaches or eats her weed bags
 he is from colorado and they do smoke a lot he f pot
 @dolothebandit weed isnt tainted in the states that its legal. its possible to have control over local crops. 
 i need some new music to listen to while i smoke. 
 all black everything im rich off weed
 yes it is i.. greatest in the universe i suppose  now  though i accept no worship except being lit via smoking weed. lt3
 sb243 engross to amend the arkansas medical marijuana amendment of 2016 and to amend the department of career ... 
 you prob smoked the poor dog out 
 we all smoke together and shit i never though thatd happen  
 why are they protesting against david beckhim smoking weed in front of his children
 jeff sessions provides written responses to marijuana questions from senators  via @marijuanatimesx
 seattlefree free love seat seatac free love seat. it is inside a smoke free pet  free house. i can help you 
 djtsemi master @ smoke amp mirrors  king of liars. wants to be monarch whole world laughing @ you except ones who 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  
 @joenbc trump effed up the announcement of the supreme court  for the supreme court. why r u blowing smoke up his ass 4 doing a good job
 listen to smokey world is ours ft  ras haki by marvo keith  np on soundcloud  
 trying to smoke a couple swishers with @jxmmi  big dream prob never happen tho 
 make sure you subscribe to my artist page spotify @ mampf smoke shop 
 its time to smokeeeeeeee
 and medical marijuana is next god help us  i mean legislators. no wait  same thing. 
 sb1481 new appropriations medical marijuana fund 
 @smilingbagels i got ls on my record  weed on the vinyl
 what are hearings for if not to weed out undesirables on facts rather than on politics. gop and trump true to form. lying to the hilt.
 in this weeks cover story  we go inside the valleys hot new industry  from seed to weed 
 @realdonaldtrump @aflcio apple @timcook is suing the gov cause 785m is not enough wants cheap tech labor compassion is just smokescreen 
 scotts miraclegro is betting big on marijuana and hydroponics  but how will the new president trump treat pot 
 permission to have a smoke... why not
 city of san diego council approved marijuana regulations  but still doesnt know what to do about the supply chain. 
 he has four years to smoke out his opposition then force them out of their position. 
 @stormintime @senatorcardin @epa epa is all thats between us and pcbs  acid rain  lead poisoning  black smoke pollution get with reality.
 some people would be so much more attractive if they just put down the weed and weapons and went we school and joined a fraternity
 me before everything ok  but can we smoke first
 where theres smoke theres a fire. never stay where theres a potential for you to be treated like a second class citizen. you are worthy.
 does @senwarren know about recent signing of @buffalomeat10  someone pls send a smoke signal  @dickyoungsghost @kassydillon buffalomeat
 downtown reno to get new marijuana dispensary 
 handing out free smoke
 @jinavegalopez its not fair  this is a weak ass mania card and that was the best story heading into mania. now its up in smoke this year.
 i heard this on the radio on the way to pick up some ganja and this guy came up to me outside asking me to buy for him because he didnt
 what r some of the words u guys are using today for marijuana   lemme get some of that green.  ...
 me try to bring weed to disney world why mother i would never 
  we never get to smoke together  and btw david ate your food
 but we were talking about gas  actual gasoline though but that marijuana
 but we were talking about gas  actual gasoline though not that marijuana
 @senwarren granny warren you got to get a bigger bull horn believe dems blowing smoke up  theres no way theyre backing you for president
 believe charm bracelet with black hemp cord hempcord handmade slidingknot charmbracelet friendshipbracelet 
 stopped drinking at 6. took a nap. now hungover. smoke that away amp what do you have left the perfect abuse of two substances fuck u i win
 sosa went fed on dope smokes
 does smoking weed and studying the bible go together
 you got me in with the weed people. theyre worth than people who study abroad or atheists
 @callmekits i was so terrified of getting dry sockets that i didnt eat drink or smoke for like a month amp i lost like 20 pounds 
 @derpathesherpa never have i ever seen a backwoods twisted nicely. every time ive smoked one they run and just hit shitty
 we smoke together  
  malia if i catch you in bk smoking weed im beating your ass 
 greatest feeling ever next to sex  food amp weed rt @baskgod racist whites getting laid to rest in public gtgtgtgtgtgt 
 greatest feeling ever next to sex  food amp weed rt @baskgod racist whites getting laid to rest in public gtgtgtgtgtgt 
 scrolling through twitter and thought i saw some cake balls but in reality it was a pic of weed and now im disappo 
 we cant forget about this this is the only story that really matters. everything else is smokescreen. 
 i think i would smoke weed if post malone asked me to  guess that friend
 best quote from shameless i havent abused marijuana like the rest of you  so yes i remember
 @leeiillaanni does anyone else notice the smoke dancing
 like joan cant smoke with me or cop or nothing like he too burnt out amp that shit affected my school shit...too far
 once i gave up weed for a week for a boy.. i smoked weed  came to my senses  and left him that day.
 one time i gave up weed for 1 week for a boy.. i smoked weed again  came to my senses  and left him that same day.
 @russyjb @micamaryjane ls on my record weed on the vinyl 
 listen to lakes amp rivers ft. town by niecy blues np on soundcloud  this joint would be great to smoke to
 that weed genie showed up
 wish i had some weed so i could actually sleep
 wish i had some weed so i could actually sleep
 if i could be granted one wish it would be to smoke weed with @rihanna
 @blahblahlps @caspersky so if u lay out weed for a whole mile does that make it the green mile
 i got asked by a yt if i wanted to see not your negro on friday aaaaaand im not sure if i should smoke her up amp marry her or run...
 my mom deadass just gave me weed earlier tonight
 the whole world needs to come together and just smoke a blunt
 how did this lead to blowing smoke through a lifesaver
 @shakes320 @hdfree weeds that need to be exterminated amp believed in eugenics to rid the world of undesirables. hillary clintons hero was
 @beauwillimon @tonx everything is a goddamn smokescreen for everything. its how you do fascist takeovers
 @justintrudeau how about ending the weedban at the canadian border for us medical marijuana patients @cbcnewsbc @cbcpolitics @samriddle
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you start your morning off  gas up to this
 i got ls on my record weed on the vinyl
 is getting into the honest business of marijuana sales a realistic thing for me at the moment is the big question 
 @bigchilldjones @rudeboiinc  yeah i knew i should of listen to smoke ....
 a flower never blooms if it holds on to weeds below
 you mean to tell me a college kid who plays football smokes pot oh no the world is ending.
 people are complaining about my posts. sorry  but when i smell smoke i yell fire
 @tamronhall will miss u on the tube  chill out and smoke a dube..  you will get another job soon..shithappensforthegoodsometimes fuggem
 firefighters continue to spray water in the second building that caught fire. at times  black smoke rises from the 
 how am i just now getting hip that yung simmies yung smokey is on spotify. one of my fav projects ever
 wish i had a girl to smoke all my weed with
 alright tbay  you asked for em. @baymeatsbutcher brought back our smoked chicken just on time for the super bowl. 
 @isthismikep heard you got smoked cuhh
 thus  the 7v1 on me and they still lose  why they fear cannabis and the spiritual iq it opens up. hehehe
 took 3 xans yesterdayamp smoked amp im still fuuuucked up
 native morgantown wooks pulled over and given 50 citation fee for possession of less than 10 grams of marijuana da 
 good question. president needs to weed out the supposed supporters  enemies within can bring you down. 
 everything is grey  his hair  his smoke  his dreams
 sessions once quipped  those guys who belong to the kkk were okay until i found out they smoked pot. he qualifies for the 4th reich as ag
 got off work  smoked a blunt  taking out my braids and knocking the fuck out to @xxxtentacion
 after a six year battle  ptsd may make the medical marijuana list of eligible illnesses. 
 after a six year battle  ptsd may make the medical marijuana list of eligible illnesses. 
 i done smoked with the best of them  shot at the rest of em
 just watched this video of a guy smoking weed to treat parkinsons and some how im crying why am i like this lol
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you light up   play this 
 i have way too many records on the way holy smokes 
 who want smoke with the twins 
 i stopped using snapchat because all people do is lip sync  black screen depression quote and smoke basically everything i dont want to see
 i stopped using snapchat because all people do is lip sync  black screen depression quote and smoke basically everything i dont want to see
 can i get tht on demand weed delivery 
 @colliscool is a marijuana leaf 
 heres how the vote went on amendment to reschedule medical cannabis. 
 @fatkiddeals smoke sessions just got more interesting
 many in cambridge support a medical marijuana dispensary at harvard squares red house 
 i wish i could smoke 
 forget the tele  we just got to the crib and watch a movie in the jacuzzi and smoke ls while you do me ripbiggie20yrs
 man  do i wish i had gone into smoke and mirror sales.
 just want to smoke and listen to debussy
 march 13th david knights 1000th tapping wicked weed freak of nature
 @msmeowkinz lmfaooooo my fault im about to smoke and send u some voice notes 
 love this pic of the five of us @ joes on weed st. 
 wish i could spark up in this car lmao im ready to smoke
 @vlunk @dseaman @cernovich smoke some weed bitch
 the right kind of smoke for annettes award gala.  makeup browsonfleek brows skin 
 @easeworld happy born day e smoke a gorilla finger for me
 while smoking cannabis could have you jailed  medical marijuana has been blessed by law in the philippines 
 supervisor judi bosworth of north hempstead tell friendship city  haman  korea  that were opposed t...  via @change
 @angryblacklady yes  interesting how everyone just seems to accept mafialike medical pricing. smoke and mirrors.
 justice and i need snacks and we will smoke out whoeveeeeer brings them to us first. ready goooooo
 @mikejoneswapo so you think theyre lying on him fabricating all this drinking stuff it never happened deformation smoke and fire  httr
 its high time weed at harvard  via @thecrimson harvard weed students cannabis culture history library
 i gave in and got the marijuana card  but it was so worth it. 
 our weed delivery yesterday took five and a half hours. they waived the delivery fee and threw in a free gram of wax though still mad.
 why so serious whilst sleeping and manages to still be a smoke show at all times my stars im lucky 
 when your roommate leaves you a bowl because she wasnt home to smoke with me  lucky affff 
 @coachhicks the first pot i ever smoked was post game with a group amp him  it was hippie culture  not deadhead tho
 listen to father son holy smoke by smino np on soundcloud 
 i wish it wasnt windy so i can smoke this swisher 
 we smoke together. 
 asking if i wanna smoke doesnt attract my attention anymore and i guess that shows maturity
 @botgle weed
 some white ppl always talking about us black ppl how we do drugs so wat weed is nothing it may get u high so wat leave us black ppl alone
 hey @funnyladymars amp @cadavresanglant   listen to who needs medical marijuana by 98online np on soundcloud 
 @funnyladymars @cadavresanglant   listen to dr.  jahan marcu  medical marijuana by 98online np on soundcloud 
 now that im awake time to listen to sad music and smoke my brain away
 this beat deserves hennessy  a bad bitch  and a bag of weed. the holy trinity
 im so tempted to steal his weed hes lucky its lent  lmfao i love @daalbanese
 i wish my parents would smoke with me dissappointments 
 in pioneering study  israeli scientists are targeting autism with cannabis  parents are lining up for thew new trial  the 1st of its kind
 i can never eat in the morning. like neverrrrrr. breakfast never been my thing unless i smoke first.
 moving up in the world to smoked cheese using the amazenn smoker tube with apple pellets @kamadojoe 
 residential  singlefamily  fire  smoke prealert  howard county frederick rd  disp e152  c15  c151 @lisbonvfc
 @shortpresents happy frrriday  kayla how excited are you for your trip to the big smoke rolluptherim
 smoking weed from colorado makes me never wanna smoke weed from here again. 
 @henrybouldin they have weed everywhere its not very novel
 harvard square medical marijuana dispensary gets closer to reality 
 my cs 375 teacher how many of you have smoked marijuana comedy
 hov wanted no smoke with wayne  why we never speak on that
 sf1928 new medical cannabis health commissioner authority to add qualifying medical conditions or delivery form... 
 drinking weed video out now shot by @highdeasprod tukitoker link in bio  coming soon @ 
 tonight twoblokesbrewing we literally took bbq and made the most delicate smokey shio broth @ 
 by flowers she means weed.  
 this dude at court was wearing an american flag tee with the stars being marijuana leafs. awesometown at its finest
 my heart is black from all the blunt smoke 
 koolin bro prolly smoke sum u kumin to da bountry 
 ever read north dallas forty@nfl  @ufc will never let players smoke pot they are in big pharmas pocket.also oxy c 
 flashbackfriday even marijuana beat hillary on nov. 8th so glad @potus trump won  hillarylost some 
 @girldrummer69 @cheneydick2 @wickedarmstrong all i do every day sit alone listen to music amp smoke cigarettes amp pot i dont even jack off
 everything is grey  his hair  his smoke  his dreams
 if youre going to whistle at me  please do so precigarette puff amp dont blow smoke into my breathing air. im rejecting your compliment.
 remembering when i couldnt smoke in the building. now the executives is dancing on the ceiling
 sandiego whats with all the black smoke 
 the time of deep weeding is about to begin. followed by a great replanting. 
 only 5 miles across the colorado border and ive already seen a weed dispensary 
 @econmarshall @economistmom other plausible culprits include planned parenthood  marijuana  and transgender bathrooms
 as a kid dragon tales made me wholeheartedly believe industrial plants that billowed smoke were obviously cloud makers and that only i knew.
 just saw an ad for cannabis tasting tour in colorado 
 tune in fridays at 4pm mt to jimmys joints  a realistic view of cannabis. listen as jimmy 
 grace what is your screen saver is that a marijuana leaf  why would i do that   you surprise me sometimes 
 @bcavello @fiverr  ooooh  do you chain smoke parliaments too 
 i hope all those gary johnson voters enjoy the federal crackdown on weed.    
 @aggy whats your favorite weed 
 @978jayp hold on i have to pick up some weed first and then ill post a pic lmfao 
 .@okeesheriff busts 2 guys in major marijuana grow operation. 1.4m worth of marijuana found @cbs12 6pm 
 im sorry sir but you cant smoke your dank on the kids playground but if you go 100 ft away from the playground you amp i can both smoke
 @brianlilley @cbctoronto true or false. does former toronto police chief blair amp current mp own weed dispensaries or not cdnpoli topoli
 vote smokey  
 the world is really so much bigger than minuscule every day problems  smoke some weed  relax  nothing is ever that serious 
 i drink. smoke or listen to music. but definitely not crying. 
 i want to go back to when i only wore black listen to depressing rock music and smoked cigarettes i though i was so cool 
 lets link up  smoke some gizzle  and catch the game @trybeingmodest @mdugan12
 @ashleymoreau1 the weed
 @sascat @momgladewater @natashabertrand believe me  i saw thru all the smoke and mirrors i want with the previous usurper...hence  trump
 girls 6a end of 1st north allegheny leads hempfield 115 @pgvarsityxtra @msasports @jeffreinhart77 wpial piaa
 everything is gray. his hair  his smoke  his dreams
 half og leads 2416 led by hempfling 9 points
 6a girls halftime north allegheny leads hempfield 3211 @pgvarsityxtra @msasports @jeffreinhart77 wpial
 @julieborowski get somebody besides gary johnson. he may have been good for new mexico  but hes gotta stop smokin weed and mumbling...
 @jjensenrf oddly enuff  i didnt smoke weed til college amp even then not much  so my main flashbacks are to a moody 
 girls 6a end of 3rd north allegheny leads hempfield 3823 @pgvarsityxtra @msasports @jeffreinhart77 wpial piaa
 smokescreen all smokescreen 
 life would be much easier if i could just smoke in bed
 @grayconnolly  gray  send me australian smokes  thank you
 @imthomasgibson this is smokey. my husband and i rescued him from a bad situation where his bio father would hide h 
 @imthomasgibson this is smokey. my husband and i rescued him from a bad situation at 9 12 weeks his bio father wou 
 wish i still lived at my apartment so i could smoke inside
 been watching juicy js snapchats while hes been on tour and detroit by far gave him the most weed lmao
 our uber driver just asked @traven11 and i if we wanted to smoke crystal meth..... uhhhh no. welcometonyc
 so to @sstokes202 comin through with saltine crackers  sprite and weed
 i hate waiting to smoke like i wanna toke now cual es la hpta demora these are the times i wish nvm lol
 that smoke is the dream  and the mirror is you  the dreamer .
 @huskey2011 @seanhannity @saracarterdc @newtgingrich yes fox acts like hes worthwhile. needs a weed eater taken 2 that wad of wire on lip.
 hennessy and a bag of weed
 when @antoniobrown is at hempfield and i didnt even know
 pr220167 new medical marijuana labeling and candy rulemaking approval resolution of 2017 
 my roommates smoke theeeeee worst weed ever
 @coldafcardo im tb shawdy getting free weed. datz how she gettin it  centralrys17
 lmao follow back  rt @rodpigwit @coldafcardo im tb shawdy getting free weed. datz how she gettin it  centralrys17
 i have gorilla glue and cherry og at my disposal............i think imma smoke
 wish the smoke shop opened earlier 
 suggesting to smoke is like making the first move bc u never know if youll be rejected or not
 our uber driver smokes weed and just took a jello shot
 i gave up weed for lent ....
 my new alias is yung weed
 oooou she got that smoke 
 i hope jeff sessions comes to his senses when he comes to colorado about marijuana
 mama she tryna taste the yayo.. we say yo  what u need we got d.. we got weed.. we got eeeee
 @carlruiz @davidchang really otaku ramen in nashville smokes his ramen and buns. though his kimchi and sprouts are amazing. tell roland.
 @jodieemery did @tps really take this womans underwear if so why made if hemp 2 humiliate can you have it returned its not gitmo
 someone on this airplane has been smoking some serious weed 
 @steelcurtain4 he got smoked a lot last season. if we lose cockrell it may be our only real option
 lmaoo my son tim deadass rolls 80 worth of thc every time we smoke.
 all i smoke is gpsgreat potent smoke.... foodforthought
 congratulations to cyclone carson weed..lifetime best in the 50 free 26.20 and flags. finalist
 b.h. obama was all smoke amp mirrors. never feared being criticized  or second guessed. i can absolutely believe he t 
 i miss the times when my friends and i would smoke butthole together.
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke
 remembering that moment when i ate a weed gummy and i threw up without crying  if you know me when i vomit i cry for like 10 minutes 
 @asvpxrocky lets smoke some ls rocky
 im at charter township of hempfield in pa 
 hmmm...was firing all those other ags just a smoke screen to get rid of @preetbharara does he have the goods on 
 lets help america grow with green   the hemp plant is a new beginning for green business in america 
 im at charter township of hempfield in pa 
 babycatandfriends dear bc my smokey crossed otrb during the night. his injury was just too much for an old boy. than you for ur love.
 stepdad i think lexi smells like smoke.  ava no  no shes doesnt.
 best weed from the tour has been in oakland
 @minisquish @mrlovelyday finally made it to that welsh place in brooklyn. minty peas and smoked haddock. the verdi 
 enjoying a dblcigars atomic ant formula .. so good for a short smoke  @ mugs pub 
 i purchased a weed killer called dr earth which states it is people and pet safe. after using it id have to say the weeds are also safe.
 would you believe me if i said there are bigger and better things out there rather than just sitting on your ass and smoking weed everyday
 @calledit  so many thing about this video... she using a swisher...wasting smoke...the whole gangsta bitch vibe 
 i wish we had more smoke shops ive steady been looking for the wiz loud packs  i wish reggies shop woulda never went back to colorado.
 smoke a dickensian novel where sin manifests externally as smoke and soot with a magical realist flourish. 
 im just tryna smoke and listen to music 247
 im at warwick hs four hours before @wmallenbball tips off against hempfield in @piaasports 6a boys basketball. 
 help your kids understand what they could lose if caught with retail marijuana. learn other tips from @my719moms an 
 i dont smoke though but funny 
 after years of asking her  my cousin finally agreed to smoke with me yessssssssss
 unpopular opinion time.  i wish booze was illegal and marijuana was legal. 1 kills your liver and wallet  where as the other one is a med.
 getting smoke in your eye is the worst
 i heard smokey grey uniforms are a fan favorite  
 this medical marijuana though 
 the smokescreens the chokes and the screams u ever wonder what it all really means
 im so blessed to have my freedom..  so what i cant smoke no more boy i could still be in a 12 by 8 foot long cell but god got plans amen
 its saturday  if you didnt have fun last night  now is the time  come smoke a hookah and listen to awesome tunes..
 did you really visit colorado if you didnt go to a weed store 
 so is this a smoke screen the firing of us attorneys to give @realdonaldtrump cover 
 pork is rubbed and waiting for smoke @divaqbbq @moecasonbbq @tguelde @lordofq @killerhogsbbq 
 i wish i could smoke cigs on the train
 just finished ginga denetsu weed. very good anime. @kerothewolf  you got good taste in anime.
 wish i could smoke
 ill smoke the world about you
 im in the front sear of chris car wasted coffee and smoke in one hand beer in the other cypress hill pumpin.. powassan
 drinking a nitro imperial smokey by @resurgencebrew at @resurgencebrew   photo
 tgirvine smoked ribs.balsamic glaze.roasted lemon oregano potato salad.creamy apple fennel slaw 
 wish i could smoke with him 
 . @wmallenbball scores final 4 points of 1st quarter but trails hempfield 1711. black knights hit 3 3s. bless jones 5 for allen.
 if i could smoke on my break i would
 allen took first lead  2221  on @dreambig04 3. hempfield now up 2523 with 230 before half.
 @kenjilopezalt finally made your pork chile verde and its fantastic. great job  as always going to smoke or sear the pork first next time.
 hempfield leads @wmallenbball 3023 at halftime. hempfield almost increased advantage to 9 but officials ruled shot came after buzzer.
 talek williams 9 and tyrese martin 7 for @wmallenbball at halftime. ryan moffat and david martinrobinson 8 each for hempfield.
 me as suffocating at the casino bc i cant breathe bc the smoke
 . @wmallenbball on 92 run to close within 3934  117 3rd. timeout hempfield. allen has forced five tos this quarter but has missed 4 fts.
 dynda is lowkey a smoke
 jare amp i just ate some weed c
 i have no weapons i just know karate lol hes wearing pantyhose bc a medicine women helps me with my marijuana lol what livepd
 hold on canaries score 6 quick ones force tos and close within 5451  125 left. hempfield ball.
 time to listen to some reggae and smoke some ganja
 another hempfield turnover  @trealwilliams hits 2 fts and its 5453  110 left.
 hempfield makes 2fts  allen misses two shots and @trealwilliams fouls out. hempfield with 4fts in a row makes it 5853.
 @kalanilanii i swear we didnt do it but im sure who ever did vanished in a cloud of smoke   
 i wanted to smoke but realized my boyfriend took his weed so imma just smoke these roaches 
 why was there a candy bar in your bed i smoke weed
 my first boyfriend  guy who took my virginity amp everything  was jamaican. we used to just drive thru the woods smoke weed listen to reggae
 @issachampp i wish you could smoke this blunt with me
 wish i could smokeeeee
 once i smoke everything turns a1
 @kailsovl better question is did they say not to smoke in the bible
 erry time i smoke dis gorilla glue my lil shit say itch 
 the worst thing ever is having weed and nothin to roll up
 everyone involved in this @floydmayweather v. big show match @ wrestlemania24 did a great job. smoke and mirrors at its finest wwenetwork
 @joewarmington cannabis is reversing my wifes huntingtons disease also. first patient to get better with hd ever. im helping many now.
 huge win for hempfield saw it live amp was super impressed black knights down the stretch... 
 i could smoke but i just have no desire to.
 supreme pharma bulk cannabis sales launch slowed by health canada inquiry on nutrients  cannabis
 i was lining up my dads hair and he told me its the same as using the weed wacker after you run the lawnmower on the yard
 i wish i had friends that liked to smoke the way i do 
 real buds buy u candy and weed when ur sad i am 4ever grateful
 my buds give me candy and weed when im sad and im 4ever grateful
 first question my bestfriend ask when i text her is you still got some weed left 
 @fndinya @marshawright i was weed them out  the world is black and white the gray is what fade us away color blind  
 city of stars  just one thing everybody wants. there in the bars... and through the smokescreen 
 i let my black hair grow and the smoke of the drug
 i did not just smoke with my gm
 your time on earth hollow and your faith is weightless  the smoke of your sponsor has consumed your senses  your spiral can not be stopped
 @weedssouthvan @jodieemery @sunlorrie @marcemery3 @order all @justintrudeau needs is give actual marijuana people a voice in process
 @weedssouthvan @jodieemery @sunlorrie @marcemery3 @order all of the concerns of people opposed to marijuana legalization important too
 they did remove lobbyists using smoke and mirrors... @cspanwj
 waited for you to get here so we could smoke this blunt together aw 
  from steel to weed the braddock story
 if he get smoked fr then what
 you ever smoke a roach out a bowl amp hit straight tobacco
 from friday morning.   @ hempfield township  westmoreland county  pennsylvania 
 my whole dream was literally just me smoking weed the entire time  and i didnt even get high. wasteful dreams.
 canadian researchers to study cannabis oil to treat kids epilepsy  al  enough studies. its undeniable.
 my brothe gave me 5 out of the kindness of his heart and i bought weed w it 
 @aggy if you was in brooklyn i would of took you to come over and smoke this 17 gram raw super natural joint . put you to sleep quick
 @aggy if you was in brooklyn i would of told you to come over and smoke this 17 gram raw super natural joint . put you to sleep quick
 fwm my custys smoke the good i smoke and i got my medical card i only be smokin up that medical kush
 when we took a pick on the court they said come on smoketown over here  
 first flower blooms in my yard  the weeds though... ive got my weekends booked for a loooonnnng 
 @forevertennille heard i know you still smoke em though 
 me and the fianc talking about investments  savings  and supplementary income.   turns on weeds
 my dad fr wants me to smoke him out ahahahahahaaha finally
 im at smokes 4 less in pleasant valley  ny 
 supervisor judi bosworth of north hempstead tell friendship city  haman  korea  that were opposed t...  via @change
 my uber driver just gave me the best advice smoke a blunt and tell them to fuck off
 @foxnewssunday cant you do a show out lining facts of replacing obamacare all this procon debate  we need 30k ft view  not weeds @foxnews
 my mom just asked me if i smoke because she found a lighter in my wallet and i cant stop laughing
 im just learning so much about cannabis amp its history.  i know the plant is native to northern india amp pakistan
 harper is seriously a pain in the ass. she chews up everything  runs into a thorn bush  eats chocolate amp weed. whats next harper 
 @andiecarty @hcarne @imzackblack i mean personally i would just be coolin and smoke on it but i cant speak for everyone
 prolly binge watch weeds 
 greys anatomy  shameless  orange is the new black  wentworth  prison break  scream the series  house amp weeds 
 i think i need this in my future house  @ smoke shack 
 never give up on your dreams. just keep sleeping  @ hempfield township  westmoreland county  
 chicago got some of the worst weed men
 youre getting three stars not five because you wouldnt smoke with us
 all this marijuana in the world and im not smoking it 
 mike brown didnt commit robbery.  but he was black amp had weed.  and in the us   harassment  jail  death   
 when you get exactly 420 ft of hemp wick winning
 always smoke cigs wearing long sleeved black shirts at the pool
 i did the colorado cannabis tour in december 2016.  i highly recommend you do this tour if you 
 fun little slono clip from kushstock amazing times filming with the cannabiscapitol crew 
 ill smoke my nigga out with question though 
 ill smoke my nigga out with question though 
 ill smoke my nigga out without question though 
 when herbicide affected the crop and no the weeds 
 i cant raise my right arm straight in front of me far enough to smoke a cigarette with it  the shoulder just will not stay in its socket.
 pot for pets owners treat sick animals with cannabis  via @@hightimes
 this weed gave me wings so i can fly.
 i want to smoke a blunt and have my boooty rubbed
 where can i obtain medical cannabis a maryland patient can only obtain legal medical cannabis from marylandlicensed dispensaries. richmond
 i wish my friends didnt smoke cigs 
 limit marijuana grows in residential areas  via @denverpost
 breaking apartment fire at woodland hills in north druid hills  heavy smoke coming from building. no injuries repo 
 light skin  straight hair  blonde  blue eyes  all recessive genes. if any race is inferior  its white people. nature herself weeds us out.
 supervisor judi bosworth of north hempstead tell friendship city  haman  korea  that were opposed t...  via @change
 springtime yard work weed spraying and clearing. @ christian valley 
 wow i got playboy bunny and marijuana leaf nipple piercings im super excited now  
 @nytimes all the smoke has cleared amp after the official narrative we still are left with question marks    one
 @guardian mccain is still using smoke signals. ignore him.
 5 star weedwinefoodbitch
 free smoke availa6le 
 if the whole world just smoked a blunt do you know how calmer.. shit would be
 she wasnt satisfied so she came to me.  wanted to smoke a blunt while she showed me her back seats.
 i wish i had my car... i would have been smoked by now
 i wish i had friends to smoke with..
 a flower never blooms if it holds on the to weeds below . . 
 each time ive gone through baker city its smelled like weed. i think they should rename it baked city.
 yo i get pulled over in camden for a headlight. next thing i know  im being searched and now have a court date for 10 worth of weed.
 i wish i didnt always have to smoke by myself 
 ribeyes brazilian steakhouse l vs brown sugar bourbon r  both @mccormickspices . smoked on @gmgrills amp reverse 
 my ds anime and weed the only things keeping me all the way out the void. im like knee deep in that bihh doe.
 tiogawoods dr engine 50 reporting source of smoke is a woodburning stove inside the building. balance of assignment released.
 @gigilucy loooooool so guys cant smoke 
 @valerieagrande  gave steph some of her weed 
 smoking weed amp listen too  post malone  congratulations 
 all i wanted to do was smoke tonight but no one can ever come through.
 after prom room..... 1 weed brownies  2jello shots  3 bluntssssss  4 more alcohol  5 foodddddddd 
 thank you  amp i cant smoke for the rest of the semester now  
 wish tasia was up so we could smoke the blunt
 times like this when im so awake i wish i had weed
 that one time when @cmcclarney smoked everyone in catan then led us in worship with his tiny 
 gm e1 time to smoke pot and fall back to sleep 
 commercial bldg  smoke detector activation intercoastal ct new market colonial equipment co disp e152  d15
 i wish i can smoke in a igloo
 i think medical marijuana has been proven to be a huge help in many illnesses and should be legalized nationally 
 @cuomochris chris  amazing interviews cutting thru their smokescreens please run for president
 pink hair smokey sorbet  color by david  cut by taylor fourteenjay  thanks so much for being 
 ahca covers herbs.  does that mean medical marijuana 
 if only this was realistic amp weed could get wet 
 @omanreagan i believe its mean to weed out first year biology students  especially those who want to go to med school.
 took me way too long to listen to dont smoke rock
 @alexmcclame white smoke  best quote ever
 a painting with your meds an art gallery pops up inside a cannabis dispensary 
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke  and i swear too much on the regular 
 rs i wonder weed does that 
 rs i wonder weed does that 
 this girl on divorce court saying her husband is stingy with his weed 
 a trinity county cannabis farmer is ready to answer your questions about the cannabis industry this month 
 a trinity county marijuana farmer is ready to answer your questions about the industry this month 
 @yahoonews this is very racist to me also shows no respect for our president trump i believe in freedom and cannabis too trumps not an enemy
 manipulative when angry  treat affected area w marijuana every 4 hours. contact your physician if manipulation pers 
 president trump meet with medical marijuana patients like my sick daughter.  sign the petition  via @change
 president trump meet with medical marijuana patients like my sick daughter.  sign the petition  via @change
 what would a world without weed be like
 its offical  im starting a pandore station for the internet.. so peachful and smoke worthy
 on a smokesky day  in exodus  her fille plucked a sprig of turmeric  green and new. they arrived. no one wanted them. gwstorieseverywhere
 public employee life just had a guy ask me how he could get a job on a county cannabis farm. such a place does not exist  my friend. nope
 my mom acts surprised that i smoke every time it comes up. like girl this is the 10th time i told you. write it down.
 @molllylujah @ska2dancehall i went in there once a couple months ago amphe gave me one of those lil flower glass tubes that u smoke crack in
 can u smoke weed out of a weed leaf 
 i cant smoke out with u i heard you a busta
 a smoker would theoretically have to consume nearly 1 500 pounds of marijuana within about fifteen minutes to induce a lethal response
 dispensary raids raise questions about where pot stands in canada  cannabis business times 
 dispensary raids raise questions about where pot stands in canada  cannabis business times 
 i broke a lucky stoge yeasterday  and my bro was like yo  its prob super lucky now. amp then smoked it before i went to bed.
 this woman got charged with a smoking fee and her story went from neither of us smoke  im pregnant to maybe it was him 
 someone ft me while i make ramen and smoke
 i got a roach just sitting in my bong lmao to smoke it tis the question
 @foxnews @seanhannity  liberals emit smoke as trump cuts epa office of environmental racism. gd 4 u mr president  
 every day another smokescreen to avert attention  stay focused  trumprussia
 caffeine and weed poor mans speedball. greatest thing ive heard today
 investment opportunity in the smokey mountains of tennessee. turn key ready i wanted to share this home with you 
 listen to lor zac every time i smoke  @lilzac
 marijuana helps in many areas but it doesnt help with everything. i cant smoke to help my add. being high makes me even more distracted.
 i do not fuck with the federals i just go smoke on some medicals  calilife highlife 
 youre delusional. fascists and communists are two peas in a pod. where theres smoke  theres a fire. capitalism s 
 hey snoop hide your weed unless you have a medical note from your doctor.the feds will be knocking shortly 
 lavar averaged 2.2 points at washington state but he said he can beat jordan..... what weed he smoking
 bc the govt weed is actually thyme leaves  
 i get weed delivery bc i got no time to go to dps but its cool bc i get bogo 18th so i usually pay 40 or 50 for 14....which is gr8
 doing weed lt
 when your homeboy tells your dad that he had 13 weed plants and the popo showed up
 never fall in love. it will fuck you up more than weed or whiskey ever could.
 @michaell0302 funny part is  pharma prices continue to rise  recreation weed drop in prices.
 hes got no evidence. he shot his mouth off amp now is being called..  it was a smokescreen to take media attention a 
 had a dream that i smoked pot w my dog
 single family  smoke detector activation no fire  woodglade cir new market disp e152  c151  d15
 bro i just smoked the best roach blunt ever
 im sorry but guys who smoke cigs is the biggest turnoff buhbye 
 @hedgeofhedgies marijuana news roundup californias cannabis crop worth 23 billion 
 ltcrash2xsgt smoke time  spidergurl smokes ltcrash2xsgt i wonder y all the sex workers smoke ltinannagt friction
 @communismkills all that weed must have loosened some wallets.
 wish i could get a massage while i smoked. would be my kind of heaven.
 @jswatz i find drinking amp typing go together  like peas and carrots.  i used to smoke and type but there was that whole  pesky cancer thing
 colorado weed   weed everywhere
 me and micelia walk into the smoke shop next door to our job for candy... they hooked it up for the free 
 @drewludwig most are just struggling along  pot smokers and christians.  its our job to be nice anyway.
 @dontbitemtongue @seanhannity @saracarterdc big corps are huge amp control all of this. weed will eventually win.
  blow weed  no stress  yung lion x digitaljungle   
 me and my older sister just smoked weed for the first time together and it was a true bonding moment
 @hunnidsootto  yo ass when we blowing smoke  
 i smoke far to much weed
 wish i could smoke rn but im a dub
 who got weed in the h 
 who has weed or dabs for me. help
 @kiiingsleep @lordsensei4 @soundcloud listen to chicagos very own cvo by smoke np on soundcloud 
 @gryndhouszinclisten to chicagos very own cvo by smoke np on soundcloud  @teelonzo @mymixtapez
 @itzbjj @rapnationlive @raphiphoppromo listen to chicagos very own cvo by smoke np on soundcloud 
 @djscream listen to chicagos very own cvo by smoke np on soundcloud 
 lol if you smoked weed 2 this could be us 
 listen to chicagos very own cvo by smoke np on soundcloud 
 @jazzzzzzzxx @comfade listen to chicagos very own cvo by smoke np on soundcloud 
 wish icould smoke 
 @michellegotbars listen to chicagos very own cvo by smoke np on soundcloud 
 @thesource @giants listen to chicagos very own cvo by smoke np on soundcloud 
 @djvlad listen to chicagos very own cvo by smoke np on soundcloud 
 bill maher the most interesting things about him are that hes an atheist and smokes pot which are always fascinating to hear more about
 hey @nickw1lde what is a good cartoon or anime to watch while stoned so far ive watched bojack  steven universe  and ginga denetsu weed.
 anthony deadass facetimed us because he wanted to watch us smoke 
 listen to smoke on outro by 6fo93 np on soundcloud 
 @chrisvillani44 @bostonherald @senwarren @potus she is just upset because trump didnt use smoke signals.
 wtf why who let me and andrea smoke alone together
 its been a long day if someone wanted 2 smoke a blunt i wouldnt be opposed
 wish i could smoke or drink when im in a gloomy mood
 f3h 2112 santa paula dr smoke showing from rear bedroom of 1sto house  crews interior attacking  pio1 
 @ameidizachalana im still not to good to hit a swisher  joint  bowl  free weed is free weed my guy
 i wish i could smoke right now 
 sometimes i really wish i could smoke 
 brooossss just had a dream that i had unlimited weed and and mountain dew  thatd be crazy bros college dreams goals
 just want to smokeeeeee.  
 i hate when girls post videos smoking and im like are you even getting high you smoke a jay for occassions lmao
 medical marijuana can help us build it back up here in braddock.  lets go full colorado next.  
 lol that wat u smoke 
 to make sure we understand if the story is true  michael brown trading weed for cigs means he didnt attack darren wilson  right lmbo
 if i could smoke in my crib id deadass take my time to move out
 all the weeds amp video games.  shoulda went to bk. 
 its was good to see my old friend from hs and asked me if i smoke like hell yes i am.
 trump about to begin a nuclear response against n korea just as a personal smokescreen. trumps  nextcriminal act 
 @fixyourface you cant smoke a goddamn chalupa though 
 vets using medical marijuana could lose va prescriptions  listen   
 vets using medical marijuana could lose va prescriptions  listen     cannabiscommunity vets mmj mmj
 lost my fuckin wallet leaving the med shop but i had my weed though 
 true but we have to get together like this evil dimension at the trump in ministration smoke pot and beat his f 
 my new company solubrio is the cannabis industrys exclusive distributor of the worlds only 100 pure hypochlorou 
 more from my last smoke firing. got interesting markings by wrapping the piece on the left in paper before firing. 
 opinion court ruling on roundup weed killer is a life saver 
 rise and grind  its marijuana time 
 @sdavidovitch we all have opinion mind to the store with out money i cant buy nothing natures know about smoke singles hot air ha ha
 why cant it be the 40s where we all ignorantly smoke inside
 @votehemp attached resolution is the first in michigan  which lead to passage of hemp law. i alone spent 3 years to convince county to pass
 @votehemp companion work to hemp is my article the high cost of medical marijuana for low income patients page 28 
 what about all those innocent black ppl that are put in jail for selling some weed   which is legal in bunch of pla 
 let it snow winterstormstella @ east hempfield township 
 @seanhannity hey sean the hate and the weed running in their blood you cannot clean dirt and hate so the best way is to ignore bad .
 i wish weed was free
 we are literally sitting in a smoke shack in colorado
 every cigarette u smoke is .01 seconds from your mile time. chainsmokes
 betrayal counts as talking to somebodies smoke or enemies
 @mactrillerrr shes probably one of the worst ppl to smoke with. can you imagine having to record her dancing after a session like g 
 mt. pleasant to pursue opting in for medical marijuana businesses. 
 enter to win tickets to friday of  windy city smokeout 
 naomi prolly the only person who dont fw my smoke
 a flower never blooms if it holds onto the weeds below
 uh... when your supervisor posts a picture of weed on their ig. 
 im five days away from 37.. and i hate getting idd for smokes..its like kid.. mathmatics calculate i could b your parent
 not really on his blow smoke up asses about conservatism while using govt instrumentally to the material benefit of my supporters brand.
 no fr what is rapper weed  
 @summit1g working on it using a reefer nice
 @bornagainwarior not many smokes left.. i got some patches though
 @ursirennyxx yes i do goddess. i didnt look at the pic closeup. my bad. from far away it looked like weed.
 just lost a good friend from all the smoke crap of 911. im sure mac and gary are drinking a beer together one more time.
 more people are turning to cannabis to help their pets.   cannabisnews  pets mansbestfriend mmj
 i wish i could smoke kush on the plane.
 @mrbeckett81 no need to apologize. was your bro a smoker or a drinker studies after 1990 dont really support link btw us products amp cancer
 any government study on marijuana is chalked. thanks big pharma  tobacco  and the alcohol industry. 
 wish i had  to smokeeeeee some potttttt
 my father is a trip. he is doing his thesis paper on why marijuana should be legal in all 50 states.  but will never admit to using it smh
 wisp of white smoke. or is it a straw cover that has been twisted into a small paper sculpture 
 somebody has got to stand up for the rights of medical cannabis patients otherwise we will all fail 
 99. 9 percent are great and i wish them all the best and thank them. they should help weed out the bad eggs 
 never smoke weed  itll lead you to heroine 
 new gas collective marijuana dispensary opened up in ontario   1131 north grove avenue tell them chilly sosa sent you 
 i really reward myself with weed for just about everything i do.
 same but bitches love being smoke up they wont admit it doe  
 @communistxicana @hthomson15 thats what the article is about  gov. scientists are frustrated because they cant test real weed
 franco harris getting ready to speak to braddock council before it votes on medical marijuana 
 bernero made no mention of the up to 70 medical marijuana dispensaries in the city. otherwise he hit several issues. story to come @lsjnews
 @stuart180 so youre invalidating the whole vapers are previous smokers argument. my point exactly.
 sinfiltros int criticalplus @ medical weed house 
 so as you can see from the two pics above. we have liars amongst us but we will weed them out 
 wish i could smoke an l with my buddies
 @joopjoopsmash yup whats brings you out to weed anyways
 earlytwenties posttherapist appointment midafternoon weedinduced accidental 6 hour nap
 queenie eats my weed but doesnt like to get shmoked out hmms
 president trump will weed out the traitor trash 
 @teeshawaine if i smoked all the weed in the world my eyes still wont be good enough to watch my own mouth 
 when i smoked that buddah  i threw up all over the place 
 i wish @maddow would help me find my weed rec
 @justintrudeau cdns dont want your govt run weed dispensaries. it has always been a private enterprise. cdnpoli
 these pieces were made using a mixture of brown amp black stoneware clays. were talking about smoke firing together in the near future.
 my friends brought me soup and weed blessedttt
 this is a typical trump smokescreen  trap. he leaked this. loser is msm. 
 man how i wish i could smoke a fatty rn
 this says to me that if trees were alive they would kill  dry  grind  and smoke their enemies. cannibalism 
 in my opinion it was still worth it just to see more smoke come out of his ears rachelmaddow trumptaxreturn
 aint smoke all day fr this a first
 i wish i could smoke in the house
 if @stephenbannon is not implicated it is a smokescreen not a fire
 i wish i had weed
 shao be serious smoking marijuana
 i wanted to breathe smoke
 inside the 1 billion marijuana unicorn that ope... 
 lexi deadass blowing this smoke right in my face
 @donaldjtrumpjr you guys are all smoke and mirrors
 i wish i could smoke weed at times lol
 @jambrandon but that doesnt mean someone foreign would boast doing business with him...  they havent.  smoke amp mirrors by dems.
 florida weed is madness lmao written off isnt the word
 pat gave me some smoked fish  lol 
 never smoke weed   never miss an assignment  go to a black college  and stop speeding  
 if you smoke  that automatically voids your right to tell me how to live my life
 our world is a magical smoke screen. @salishlodgespa 
 just wait you schmuck. where there is smoke there is fire. sure is alot of smoke. some of it is comin from your ass. 
 wish i had weed
 itruly believe dat all we need is weed amp tunes to make tha world a better place 
 i wish i didnt have to go outside to smoke
 oddly i date girls who dont smoke all the time
 rlly stopped smoking weed in public all together unless i was on the east or sumthing
 theres water therees weed theres everything ineed
 the us governments lousy weed is frustrating scientists  cannabis pharma
 this is by far the best bud iv smoked in about 2 months my gawwwwd
 bad thing about casinos is cigarette smoke  nasty
 wish i could smoke
 a smell of smoke in the area  5811 oak street.  ofd b3  e34  t34
 unsealed documents raise questions on monsanto weed killer  more regulation  not less demand funds for epa
 fire. 4441 escondido. one man taken to umc with serious smoke inhalation injuries and seconddegree burns. three ot 
 topbuzz inside the 1 billion marijuana unicorn that operates out of a onceabandoned hersheys factory 
 im lucky i have weed at most of the time because i would get a lot worse than i do when i get real low
 trump about to begin a nuclear response against north korea just as a personal smokescreen. too read more click 
 trump about to begin a nuclear response against n korea just as a personal smokescreen. read the resy on 
 responding to a @realdonaldtrump supporter is like confronting a weed sprayed with roundup.  maga @senaterpc
 @greeneyedlilo underlying issues brought out by this reveal is still terrifying. especially whs response  suggests there is fire to smoke.
 b220138 enroll medical marijuana dispensary congressional review emergency amendment act of 2017 
 exactly. providing a smokescreen to cloak real problems. 
 @martinscottd trump is a smokescreen that isnt fighting for either of us.
 @disneybritton yea  unfortunately the story was far more smoke  than actual news
 got chu drinkin out them white cups  sodas  all this shit so foreign to you  thick smoke  chokin...baby  get familiar with the order
 our post on common weed tinctures just went live go to our page and read before throwing out your weeds 
 this is more trump smoke and mirrors. 
 @siriusxmnascar @ppistone @themikebagley tmdnascar @scctx @txmotorspeedway @eddiegossage has smoke show w.@tonystewart best time ever
 @okayred @strhon2016 @purrcival @kdvr @seanhannity @denverchannel @denverpost lots of pot smokers have pit bulls  some vetstherapy dogs.
 she wishes she could smoke the medical marijuana  
 our president @realdonaldtrump just went on twitter to diss a weed smoking rapper @snoopdogg . wow
 no  but i wouldnt be surprised if you made sure he got them. this is nothing but a smokescreen. 
 lol i wish i could smoke in school
 well  yes  willie god did place marijuana in the world
 @realdonaldtrump @snoopdogg snoop is best at opening a bag of weed. ignore the pot dreams he will fall asleep soon enough.
 i have selected few of ppl i like to smoke with fr.
 @snoopdogg when blacks do better under trump than any other president  you gonna apologize go smoke weedamp have a heart attack u dumb nigger
 ag sessions doesnt have a medical degree  therefore he doesnt get to have an opinion on heroin vs marijuana depen 
 soooooooooo snoop dog making a video depicting him pointing a gun at the president is fresh huh gangstas amp weed heads r heros now
 leafs get smoked by the panthers 72 last night brutal no playoffs for the leafs at all if there gonna lose 72 to a team like florida
 black peoples better move to cali.theyre about to get strict on weed to jail blacks.they are going to treat weed if it was worst than meth
 wed be better off wsnoop dog as president. marijuana played the long game and won  now trump says go after the weed ego getting bigger.
 shelby county commission committee votes to support medical marijuana  via @3onyourside
 order our juicy smoked jerk chicken and rice amp peas with our friends ubereats jerkchicken @ the 
 order our juicy smoked jerkchicken and rice amp peas with our friends ubereats @ the jerk joint 
 what happens when a preist  a rabbi  and an atheist smoke weed together   
 order our juicy smoked jerkchicken and rice amp peas with our friends ubereats @ the jerk joint 
 so a priest a rabbi and an atheist smoke weed... 
 president ross participating on browsed days medical marijuana panel @browardleague @flcities @coopercitygov 
 interesting talk at  @aascu conference by @csupueblo president re the schools institute for cannabis research 
 blowing smoke  she aint kno what it was  if you zoe  peep wat she say lmao 
 president ross participating in broward days medical marijuana panel  @browardleague @flcities  @coopercitygov 
 christian is growing weed in my terrarium
 love is a four letter word but so is weed
 went to a dispensery for the first time yesterday. wanted to cry i was so excited. some of the best weed ive ever smoked.
 @00exodus and the closest thing i get to mids are just when the harvest was shitty. premature or old kill. so it smokes nice still
 smokin flocka  you a jackass  all i smoke is gas
 elderly patients have been choosing cannabis over pharmaceuticals. 
  what happens when a preist  a rabbi  and an atheist smoke weed togehter   
 .... as i smoke this gizzle. 
 ld1064 new an act to require that health insurance policies cover medical marijuana 
 everything is grey his hair  his smoke  his dreams and now hes so devoid of color  
 new arrival  black pyramid tee amp smoke rise jeans 
 @mariocotto this weed dart you speak of though...
 wish i would smoke outside
 who has weed
 @longdongdejong @uglygodcay which i could tell them  i smoked lawnmower grandson 5th grade not very good  tastes like shit
 everything is grey his hair  his smoke  his dreams and now hes so devoid of color he dont know what it means
 just a priest  rabbi and atheist smoking weed together  via @mashable
 you cant smoke out wit me i heard you a busta
 only a few days left for dine out stoutbraised shortribs with brussels sprouts  smoked gouda 
 @jasonmillerindc @hale4jesus @washingtonpost i support sessions wholeheartedly he needs to do some research on medical marijuana it works
 starfleet and the xmen approve of medical cannabis 
 dakota leaves everything in my car so like guess who got some weed and blunts for after work 
 i gave in and bought some smokes
 meetings with potential sure feel better than those smoke blowing meetings.  crossyourfingers 
 whats the easiest way to cut my own hair i mean i have a weed wacker that i think would work  quite nicely.
 @d0ctorwinchestr i like the smoke bomb and an already made cake of the color
 okayyyy i have smokers cough now after breathing in flour bluff air for 45 seconds
 question 74 does this health study on smoking cigarettes make you want to smoke a cigarette comedy wednesdaymotivation
 cold smoke. on tap. enough said. at @thevigalehouse amp casino in billings  mt 
 study indiana smokers spend extra 350m a year on health care  via @wthrcom call bullshit ins way of limit care.
 exsteeler franco harris makes run for medical marijuana  site  via @philly.com go franco go you da man 
 got way to used to colorado weed and colorado views
 lol imagine revis  ben  and joey porter walking into a pittsburgh bar  bell brings the weed  and @antoniobrown has it all on facebook live
 @deray blacks cant stop blacks from killing each other  5 sacks of marijuana or 100 pair of jordans.
 believeitornotim ready to qualify you for medical cannabis.
 @realdonaldtrump stop with the wire tapping allegations  stop throwing up smokescreens  you are trying to deflect. wont help. scared
 the first american flags were made from the fibers of the industrial cannabis or hemp plant. 
 agreed. i suspect the ag would be surprised how many regular smokers there are among the bar 
 .@gygaxguild debut criticalhits second pressing clearblack smoke lp  free mp3 download available via 
 listen to @xinblack  smoke mirrors produced by x by ..x np on soundcloud 
 @jarrobigod listen to chicagos very own cvo by smoke np on soundcloud 
 could i watch greys after i just smoked or do you all think ill miss something
 colorado ptsd patients should qualify as marijuana medical condition httpst.cow7xj6ufeu1  cannabis norml 
 on marijuana amp opioids  sessions is not only ignorant but very comfortable in his own ignorance  cc @matthewferner
 obama was not born n usa. lie. obama had me wire tapped. lie. republican smoke screen @cnn @larryelder @realdonaldtrump
 another chalk goes up in smoke. colonys best 2003 at 61 wins the 5th @ggangle1 @theracewaywfd 
 @realdonaldtrump tells carlson more coming in 2 weeks trump has done this b4 to build anticipation and then zip smoke and mirrors @cnn
 remembering the time i tried selling my tv and some guy wanted to smoke a blunt so we could negotiate lmfaoo
 quote every child must have chores  it teaches em dignity of work  amp joy of labor. rod serling amp the value of accomplishment  violet weed
 quote every child must have chores  it teaches em dignity of work  amp joy of labor. rod serling amp the value of accomplishment  violet weed
 i cant smoke weed anymore frfrfr
 @siyyyj listen to chicagos very own cvo by smoke np on soundcloud 
 i just watched a priest  a rabbi  and an atheist smoke weed. i am enlightened
 @yahoonews @realdonaldtrump threw up a smoke screen as a distraction from trumprussiacollusion. impeachtrump
 i wish i could fucking smoke 
 trisha smokes interesting 
 @coachgarnett @dukeburk7 i fully believe it was smoke and mirrors the entire time for team race purposes....my opinion obv.
 santo cant really smoke with his costume on.   bondage
 i missnate dogg. i got to see him at the up in smoke tour with em dre snoop ampcube amp it was the best concert ever amp 
 book  vfood  weed  sea   h i g h love to la  @ santa 
 @williethegreat fr fr  but neither is broke people smoking weed 
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke  @ sleeping bear 
 hb1266 new seal misdemeanor marijuana conviction records 
 legal marijuana everyone is thin but eats waffles  rejected a racist  nationalist asshole for pm  maybe this is the dutch century.
 @tylerwinik exactly.as long as jury arent misdirected by judge through loyds inevitable smokescreen  previewed via his circus antics
 father arrested after daughter eats marijuanalaced candy 
 @danielditomasso @majorcrimestnt the 1st time i ever got high was from inhaling second hand smoke at a concert freshman yr of college. idnk
 the devil will try to plan old seeds where things used to grow but when you get rid of the weeds and plant faith and flowers nothing matters
 caffeine and weed is the poor mans speedball
 i know my liver hates me but heres  liquor marijuana parish 
 i got whatcha need  hennessy and weed...
 holy smokes facetimed so many of you guys on snapchat love you all make sure to add me if youre tryna ft too   bongizzlez
 microwaves in trump towers cleared of wrong doing @huffingtonpost next check smoke detectors  due to trump blowing 
 my grandma asked me if i still smoke weed and i told her no but really im getting baked every night  sorrya gram
 she smoked a blunt that she gave me therefore she owes me a bluntseriously though
 a rabbi  a priest and an atheist smoke weed together. 
 nothing sexy about that scarf or a females skin smelling like black n mild smoke
 the golden star diner in neptune city. rip 2001 they had juke boxes at every table and you could smoke cigs while 
 kubus in greenpoint. they smoke cigs inside so u know its legit 
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke
 so trump tweets outrageous stuff as a smokescreen to whats really going on i get it
 @christian44104 when ya smoked you always had ls in your avis now its a beer what r ya an alcoholic 
 hmu all my custys love this medical i got lmk only smoke the best smoke so my custys smoke that bomb
 everything is grey his hair  his smoke  his dreams and now hes so devoid of color he dont know what it means
 just want to smoke and listen to the whole ultraviolence album all day
 im still litand ate me a whole meal from mc ds got a carmel frappe these are fire when your blown or smokin ima smoke some more medical 
 ouch smoke in my eyes
 this smokes like a dream  
 @floydmayweather  i hope you smoke mcgregor quick. show the world why you are one of the greatest boxers.
 i had wish more weed i
 maybe it was one of those smoke bombs because i heard four more. then police on a megaphone. then a buildings fire alarm going off.
 ag sessions criticized suggestions that medical marijuana could help ease heroin and opioid addiction. 
 i just watched a rabbi  a priest and a black gay atheist smoke weed together. this world is crazy.
 we deadass just smoked a blunt in the movies
 i only smoke kools 
 clarksdale has the worst weed men 
 showed you what it is you disagreed back the fuck up take a shot hit some weed i know you cried about being alone ..
 def saw a golf cart security guard outside sees candies smoking weed.
 just a priest  rabbi and gay atheist smoking weed together  everyone watch this shit right now  
 who else didnt c the bag of weed first  im guilty 
 ab147 new industrial hemp  granting rulemaking authority  and making an appropriation. fe 
 now that would be a wish come true to smoke and chill with these legends 
 i wanna smoke with a priest  a rabbi amp an atheist omfg 
 @nunyajim but we said the four of them could stay  so we stood by our word. while with us i let em smoke all the weed they wanted to........
 @realdonaldtrump many on this thread missing the point. this is  a smoke screen for 45 accusing a former president of a felony. unhinged.
 so our first patient of the day smells like weed and had her pot leaf pants on ...how appropriate for surgery
 ltchrisgt ontario  canada is one of the only places in the world where you can marry a fag but you cant smoke one
 if theres a medical need the 750foot buffer to limit medical marijuana centers wont stop people. roadtrip 
 so a super pac to help get vermont marijuana to a vote and move that business eh  thingsoverheardatthebagelshop
 jimmy buffett and the coral reefer band coming to hollywood casino amphitheatre  via @kevincjohnson
 if medical marijuana and kindness offend you  dont vote for me in 2022.  vote for the guy too  to hold town halls. 
 backwoods and leafs is all i smoke
 i wish i could smoke rn 
 industrial hemp act will be heard in senate ag this morning. @ilfarmersunion amp @ilstewards are here to lead the way 
 industrial hemp act is up now in il senate ag watch it live  @ilfarmersunion @ilstewards sustainableagriculture
 gary  grain farmer from edwardville  il  is speaking in support of industrial hemp act in il senate ag. @ilstewards @ilfarmersunion
 gary  farmer from edwardsville  says hemp is about improving il economy and jobs @ilfarmersunion  @ilstewards
 industrial hemp act moves out of senate ag unanimously @ilfarmersunion  @ilstewards thanks @toihutchinson @ilsendems
 the building i have to enter has a smoker in front of it. i will wait them out. 
 farmers with sen @mccannsam after the passage of the industrial hemp act out of senate ag. @ilstewards 
 plfacts misdemeanor weed convictions could lead to fines  probation  and potential jail time. notworthit 
 literally just applied for a job to grow weed  my dream has come true.. well.. if i get the job it will 
 @sdgbe300 im here  smoke some sd
 couples that smoke together stay together
 she fuckin smoked the vocals on this song  @ canarsie  brooklyn 
 st.patricks day drink special of the day at lil brown smoke shack emerald latte  16oz peppermint paddy with rain 
 just came to the lobby for breakfast meeting and all the smoke and dry air made it worse. might vomit. 
 @attorneygeneral now you talk about medical marijuana like its untested amp cause of crime the crime is to deny pain patients use of cannabis
 @attorneygeneral most drs that treat pain amp other disease want cannabis made available to patients that need it. dont put patients in jail
  press on permalink to see this. parkingtons desease and medical marijuana
 @realdonaldtrump dont let ag sessions deny medical marijuana to patients helped by mm. veterans with ptsd like my sons one day need mm help
 really wish i was near the smokeys rn bc i would be hiking any trail i could get to.
 btw  this is from a video of a rabbi  a priest  and an atheist smoking weed together  i showed my dad and he said h 
 who would have thought students growing weed 
 @codygary well u smoke cigs so youre a crackhead
 its wrong to deny pain relief for patients with severe paindisease opiates now cannabis are needed in every state 
 @wtf1official its kekes secret clone. this one doesnt smoke though
 to pack them so they smoke slower 
 the only gateway marijuana use provides is to our broken  racist  criminal justice system.  
 ld1064 engross an act to require that health insurance policies cover medical marijuana 
 wish i could just smoke amp stay high forever
 will i smoke this hospital patient............ yes
 @feather043 now after being caught in a lie trump is trying to use smoke and mirrors to coverup. he is a dishonest person not a president
 do you know what industry created 18 000 jobs in a year in a single state marijuana in colorado with a  estimated 10k more in 2017.
 stories on the corner as i roll my marijuana 
 yes  civil rights movemnt 60s  a priest  rabbi and atheist smoke weed and talk religion   via @huffpostweird
 @slaidc any chance of sorrow amp smoke ever being pressed on vinyl please say yes...
 @slaidc @slaidc any chance of sorrow amp smoke getting pressed on vinyl please say yes...
 @ciaruhty @itzzzzdeziire im not talking shit i was asking for link. amp because you had double smokes on sovereign
 garth is playing the fader fort pitchfork party high times smokeout sxsw2017 
 looking for the apple smoked gouda beer bread recipe i showed on @rogerstvyork free recipe e book www.onapples.c 
 theres a video of playhouse smoking a backwood and it looks like it was the first time he ever smoked weed its so funny
 h2386 new relative to medical marijuana pediatric patient protections 
 whilst we are being distracted from whats really happening in govt idgaf about fluff  what bills have passed during the smoke haze
 i just watched a video of a rabbi  priest  and a gay conservative smoke weed together. what an odd but surprisingly positive video
 purple smoke and black hoodies  @ city of waterbury 
 wishing i was there today.. the view is the toiyabe range taken in the great smokey valley near kingston  nv... hal 
 times like this make wish i could smoke...
 me and erica are seeing who can find weed fastest on tinder and she is mad bc she has 4 the matches but i am winning 
 wish i could smoke a boston cream rn
 lmao rush hour is so funny  chris tucker acts like smokey to me in that movie hahah
 north carolina women 4 cannabis getting it done at the legislative building march 14th ncw4c yesnccannabis hb185 
 now pay attention you smokers you 
 disturbing and deranged. the weed has completely fried the few brain cells he had left. lockhimup 
 smoking weed under star projectors  i guess well never know what harvard gets us
 780. dont let weeds grow around your dreams. quote.  h. jackson brown.
 whats crazy is i was otw to go smoke amp shorty was like im finna beat this bitch ass can i get in yo carwe pulled up amp she took a l
 weeping at missions not because of the actual conference but because i saw a video of a priest rabbi and atheist smoke weed together
 @ihaconnect @tobaccofreein i did agree with gov daniels finally when he raised the cigarette tax for hip. still over 1in5 smoke reelection0
 @dikstark @brownstailgate not that i want to get into the weeds here  but isnt this exactly what trump talked about why do you hate him
 between logan  the pit bulls and the medical marijuana..... i kinda wish @sirpatstew was my abuelito.  love that man respect
 wish i could smoke
 @biggbosf lol braids are best for big smoke outs
 sf1268 new medical cannabis health commissioner authority to add qualifying medical conditions or delivery form... 
 @smallpuddle years 14 smoke weed year 5 noogie your foes v on brand for you
 when in portland go have ramen delicious savory shiitake ramen with smoked pork....pdx ramen 
 when you have an abundance of weed you smoke to everything 
 if you smoke like this kys 
 nah i always smoke gorilla glue 4 and og exclusively but im trying 24k gold kosher tangle for a taste but its w 
 if yes  then the state must accept five leaf remedies inc. medical marijuana growing and processing application. decision @fox43 at 10.
 @westwingreport @realdonaldtrump its a smokescreen to distract from trumprussia
 a rabbi  a priest and a gay atheist smoke weed together. this is what happened 
 this is such a dope video a rabbi  priest  and atheist smoke weed  
 watch a priest  rabbi and atheist smoke weed and talk religion  
 np weed nap x wiz khalifa ft curreny
 good dispensary have the best green offtop . they smoke shops that look like they suck dont 
 a rabbi a priest and an atheist smoke weed together.  
 might get a tiny hemp leaf tattoo
 just heard the most racist things  smelt a lot of weed  and saw a bunch of weirdos all in 1 hour
 enjoyed speaking to @sfu @sfugradstudies class in presidents dream colloquium about medical cannabis with 
 time to mix that liq with the weed and make some tunes
 sorry @scrowder   but i always smoke weed and listen to u  
 u kno dats smoke for f r e e 
 deadass cannot fw you if you smoke swishers
 pain and ptsd should have also been included to help those using opioids now. medical cannabis could actually help 
 where can i get marijuanas in brooklyn 
 dont forget to tune in to @fox24news in 30 mins i strapped the gopro on as i climbed through the smoke on a searc 
 this  smoke salmon and artichoke pasta with roasted potatoes for liveatfox this evening. 
 i wish i could smoke with my nigga jamel one more time man lol he was a character fr
 aint enough smoke in the world to help me ease my stress ..
 ll boys score a double tonight congrats lmhs and hempfield c u sat @lmhsuperfans @hempstudsec2017
 fuxk this going to bed weedless af again
 i just took a perc took dabs n smoke some blunts still feel like that aint enough
 when the leafs smokeeeeee tampa gtgtgtgtgtgtgt    
 it was too cold to smoke so i took 10 shots bc i had to play videos gamescammie
 watch a priest  rabbi and atheist smoke weed and talk religion  
 @fredwalton216 on the question of the trump campaign conspiring w the russians here there is smoke but there is no fire  at allmorell.5
 @275yungsimmie come smoke we on 6th
 @realdonaldtrump states are missing out on billions and more importantly  people are suffering and dying  cannabis could help.
 a priest  a rabbi  and an atheist smoke weed together. no but actually. i wish they had an imam there 
 idk how i would get through my good ass  high demand corporate america job if i didnt smoke. real talk.
 @whoisryanaubrey real funny but that 40lbs of lead is gonna help me smoke your ass in a drag race
 come vibe with my @ this bonfire and smoke some green eat smore and listen to stevie nicks
 i beat erica in the weed race if you count lollipops
 when 12 thought they took all the weed but theres another 
 this is terrifying. it would help me i guess know where to curl up and die in the event of smoke in the cabin  or h 
 when 12 thought they took all the weed but theres another blunt 
 how do i smoke a cinnabon
 ready to smoke that mota
 i just ashed in ur hair just kidding its still on the weed 
 burning blessings shalom thursdaythoughts just a priest  rabbi and atheist smoking weed together  via @mashable
 ever hit someone up just so u could get smoked out  im sick
 so like.... i could also smoke weed which is forever an option....
 i smoke to forget everything..
 do you smoke weed @relatabietxts @dnrcrew @carlsrts @nightretweets @twitchtvhost @retweetdnr @nightrts @famerts @relayrts rt poll vote
 this very moment i wish i didnt smoke all my weed
 if weed was legal in texas the hype would be a lot bigger but its not
 if i could have all the money back that i spent on weed  mannnnnn listen 
 i deadass thought these boys like smoked out with this flamingo and went overboard with it but then i took a closer 
 someone donated 3.75 pounds of marijuana to goodwill  via @mashable
 he took the time to stuff the swisher amp he dont even smoke.  
 their plans are to weed out the old  poor  sick  and those they deem inferior  so the rich and white can thrive. 
 this dude was telling me about one of his friends who went to colorado and smoked something that made him lose his 
 i posted this last year im posting it again smoke upppp 
 still less smoke in raleigh than greenville 
 off a 5 star   weed allat  
 3 hours till my boy cue card wins the biggest race in the world no more bad luck  djakadam is getting smoked 
 trump smoke amp mirrors nothing substantive thats his plan for america. donaldtrump
 @kyleharshbarger @econtalker @maxmendezbeck 2 does nothing to show that govt is needed to weed out scams. just that it sometimes does.
 im at charter township of hempfield in pa 
 orangebud int @ weed man 
 i remember me and khari would smoke whole 8th before school.. all joints
 i just be koolin with my smoke 
 like half of my christian worldview class raised their hand when asked if they were against marijuana and im cringing
 @nickkristof when you were a child did you scream and stamp your feet when you didnt get your way smoke a j amp shifty.
 roberta and crew plus a bag of old balls for paws  another bag at mp come get some @ smoke rise bath amp racquet 
 sb24 new an act to amend title 16 of the delaware code relating to medical marijuana. 
 i had a dream me and my friends went to a club and smoked a blunt with @kehlani. it was beautiful. i wish i never woke up 
 h2785 new relative to the expungement of records of marijuana arrests 
 free all the black people doing double digit prison sentences for weed first 
 dont argue with me  its always best to rest your smoke shack double on your basket of fries. 
 my parents are sending me such aesthetically pleasing snapchats of the smokey mountains and ive honestly never been prouder of them  
 s.w.i.m smoking weed in manhattan  amp b e l i e v e  m e  a l o n e  sxsw2017 rap swim   stream now @ 
 @trevornoah gogreen4patricksday wcabbie the cannabis leaf childrens stories 4 childish adults savemrliver on th 
 made from raw hemp twine and 100 highly refined beeswax  ital hemp wicks are the ecofriendly  
 congrats to our package designers @hunterstraker on winning a silver pac award for hemplify @pacconsortium 
 congrats to our package designers @hunterstraker for winning a silver pac award for hemplify @pacconsortium 
 just shot my first smoke vid in two months
 vol 1 of new smoke show is out today  give it a download and a listen  countrymusic 
 one bud i wish i could smoke up again is skunk
 my boobs are getting bigger. my hairs growing like a weed. life is good
 so my stepdad made a cannabis tincture birdman hand rubs
 happy st patricks day  time to smoke some 4leaf clovers.
 getting smoke in your eye is the worst
 police are using new mouthswab tests to nab drivers under the influence of marijuana and other drugs 
 long smoke seshgtgt
 @austrusler it would be a disgrace to smoke this weed out of an apple
 @kurapikatxt smonk weed
 this is my goat toots he eats weed like its his job 
 if capt. picard and dr. x use medical cannabis then maybe it is right for you  ask your md for a referral to our cl 
 ld1098 new an act to ensure reasonable accommodations for children for whom medical marijuana has been recomme... 
 our airbnb host gave us weed 1010 
 @jenkinsonleslie @yousmmakushking @mad4mma1 @southernsugar10 @chillzone95 @pmcmma you can still smoke the green  
 the white people in colorado way more friendly than in texas  guess they smoke their racism away
 john took me here @ 7204 twins smoke shop in londonderry  nh 
 university study to look at using cannabis to treat childhood epilepsy dravetsyndrome acmpr @mandymcknight 
 a priest  a rabbi and an atheist smoke some weed marijuana chronic thc  
 sb302 new provides an early start for recreational marijuana sales. bdr 40545 
  smokey   @benefitbeauty brows @jeffreestar androgyny palette amp dominatrix topped wgloss @tartecosmetics sta 
 that was easily one of the greatest chokes of all time. smokes free throw and misses game winning layup.
  smokey   @benefitbeauty brows @jeffreestar androgyny palette amp dominatrix topped wgloss @tartecosmetics  st 
 the portapotty i was just in reeked of weed. and yes im guessing someone baked out in a portapotty. stpatricksday nashville
 @realdonaldtrump merkel may have seemed daft  i believe it is a drug sharia law favorite is marijuana 2help their captives to lie@ resist
 we dont smoke together no more 
 i wish i could smoke more...theres a point where sometimes it feels like thats exactly how i want to feel
 brooklyn smokes brooklynbridge cigarrette funtime nytrip myamericanexperience @ brooklyn 
 interesting jama study this week marijuana users have 6.2x higher odds of acq. other substance abuse than nonusers 
 most crackhead shit i did in my life was smoke a roach with some tweezers. im better than that though.
 a marijuana leaf alex and ani bracelet with legalize it inscribed on the back
 what happens when a priest  a rabbi amp an atheist walk into a dispensary they smoke marijuana together legalize 
 im smoking leafs no weed just leafs
 cant wait till our dc partnerships are set up so we can help women amp poc. legal cannabis cannot be just for white 
 industrial hemp could help illinois on so many sustainable levels 
 out new smokey grey color headboard. still on the floor on in the 
 @joenbc @brianklaas you must know trump is fixing to smoke your boots...
 @joenbc @brianklaas you must know trump is fixing to smoke your boots...
 has anyone ever gotten the ok to smoke in their uber before
 sb117 engross allowing boards of county commissioners to declare the wild blackberry a noxious weed within coun... 
 i wish @reighannn would smoke a blunt with me
 @colebeldingg i can smoke em in the mdx can i in the z
 my first question when somebody ask me to go out... can i smoke in there
 president trump believe you should ease up on the marijuana let the states decide maybe well get these idiots stop making death videos
 hoooo boy bedene got lucky in that last game. went down 040  donaldson smoked a return  bedenes shot clipped the tape amp trickled over
 why does colorado torture patients by having such a horrible medical marijuana registry system @cdphe
 any girl trying to smoke with mee
 we will not make you quit. but you can become a former smoker. hypnosis hypnotherapy  hypnotist  stopsmoking 
 livepd its not weed  its my magical four leaf clovers for st.patricksday
 finally got to try them weed.rar sinsesolchick sinsesol yall need to enter these into 
 for sure need to enter the sundance og from sinsesol weed.rar sinsesolchick into 
 study links medical marijuana dispensaries to reduced mortality from opioid overdose via @nidanews 
 i find this just kind groovy.  a rabbi  priest and atheist smoke up and gab.   via @youtube
 strawhatsighting feeling kinda lucky too ratio 5 to 1  happy st. patricks day  @ otl smoke 
 wish i had somebody to smoke with
 looking at weed threw a microscope takes it to a whole notha level 
 @bentodelivers has been the best to melooking for an amazing medical marijuana delivery service hit these guys up 
 when you smonk 2 whole weeds all to by yourself 
 my hair absorbed the smell of smoke..now i want to vomit. cigarettes are so gross
 some nigga just gave us free weed ilovetexas
 sleeping lessons ft. smoke machine 
 there was irish white folk  hype beasts  soundcloud rappers  amp everything in between  amp all i learned is that weed 
 guy do you smoke blunts meboy i smoke everything   mashaba chiiilll
 when ur weed man knows ur parents are strict but he leaves a discrete package in the mailbox at 945pm  no sus
 medical marijuana amp animalshbo.  amazing way to end my friday night. 
 thats bs.  my son is a grower in humbolt county.  weed is the best med for pretty much everything.  hate pharmaceu 
 ill never smoke weed with willie again.@ashleycamp52 @leeellis82 4 ur friday  
 how is it still legal to smoke inside casinos i need 4 showers
 the war on drugs was  created by the bush family and cartel as a smokescreen so they could run drugs themselves wo 
 smoking weed under star projectors..
 once i smoked a swifer .....swisher
 i wish someone would smoke with me 
 i wish i could smoke rn
 wish a baddie would come smoke with me
 speaks called 12.. that was wack. had to smoke a ft on the way out the door to smoke screen myself. officer morgan the worst hound 
 this was my first ever photo shoot...put it together in my old house. everybody left 100 smoked out. twas a moment for the books.
 @hollandmovement @acscannebraska you already got 90 billion from smokers for the 2 chip programs. will you ever be 
 were smoking weed 911 caller asks why police are knocking on his door 
 @hollandmovement neleg you folks took 90 billion from smokers for the 2 chip programs wo spending a dime on smok 
 this girls tinder bio lookin for a guy who will pick me over weed lmao u know i swiped left
 i must be getting old. the first time i heard lets smoke wax i busted out the vinylrecords 
 the only thing i smoke is fools like you on the bball court
 had a dream that weed was illegal in california again so i invented a burrito that came w a torch so u could caramelize every bite you took
 patrick stewart just came out as a medical marijuana patient and advocate 
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke
 were smoking weed 911 caller asks why police are knocking on his door 
 this is a good reminder about drumpfs smoke and mirrors routine. focus on substance not just opticstweets. 
 just learned about a local study medical marijuana to treat diabetes  really afroherbalism
 live and in color from yhe geigle. hempfield and ryan with a trip to the eastern final on the line @llhoops 
 bro the cut video where they put the priest  rabbi and athiest gay dude together n had em smoke n talk about god is the goat
 a priest  rabbi  and atheist smoke weed and talk about life weedmoments religion socialchange 
 just ate some weed candy boyyyyy
 @cnnbrk repeat what happened on 911  2001.. using nitrate charges.. made sure the building fell once the darklow temp smoke appeared..
 watch a priest  rabbi and atheist smoke weed and talk religion 
 watch a priest  rabbi and atheist smoke weed and talk religion 
 my friends are slowly poisoning me with secondhand smoke
 that video of a rabbi  a priest  and an atheist smoking weed together is an example that everyone should follow. smoke and accept eachother
 @nbcnews @vivetteart   just say no...to ignorant stereotype of marijuana. it does have a medical purpose. decriminalize it.
 @parker24smith smokes a single into left to lead off the second. @socalbirds
 @washingtonpost here is a photo of teenager zach hammond shot in the back by cops over two marijuana joints and kil 
 i wish i smoked i have no other way of dealing with my feelings
 wish i could smoke rn but no gars 
 marijuana  we cant smoke together if you smoke like this. what is that 
 wipe your lips before you hit the blunt no one trine smoke after your wet ass mouth. 
 because 1 straw is not enough on st. paddys  @ baileys smokehouse 
 not to be outdone tyrese cooper smokes the competition in a new mr  us1 mark of 20.55 sophomore class record 
 sjr9 new use of medical marijuana amendment 
 listen to chicagos very own cvo by smoke np on soundcloud 
 bitch i always got weed amp you never have five.
 how do ppl smoke all the time like fr
 goes to pilates  eats sweetgreen  smokes cig
 this pork has been smoked more than the last joint in a fraternity  house @ oma gruenes secret 
 @soragnilab cld you argue over weeds yes. but as a whole its a big positive investment for many communities. 22
 the only time you speak to me is about weed 
 the weed guy finally showed up and holy shit was it worth the wait
 my sister gave me weed amp idek where its at 
 so wait has my question finally been answered does kylie smoke the ganja 
 np rather you than me as i smoke this gizzle 
 more life more everything free smoke 
 free smoke the fav off ml so far 
 drake  free smoke has be a download when it drop 
 free smoke flames though
 black thoughts and marijuana
 a world of weed 
 damn free smoke been my bio for the longest too 
 lowkey ready to smoke again
 listen to smoke it out featuring ghost. prod. by cmplx by dillon yarbrough|ote np on soundcloud 
 free smoke is the best track so far tho
 i cant smoke to nothing ive heard so far.
 more smoke amp gyalchester are   the rest so far is for the billboards and radio and your girl 
 just let me listen to free smoke again
 @drake free smoke is our phrase bruv  @imgetnfly2day @dnorville3  cut the check cuzzy 
 drake went craazzzyyy on free smoke
 i fw free smoke 
 free smokeeeeee.
 free smoke surprised tf out of me
 @onlyhiphopfacts do not disturb  free smoke  blem  portland  amp lose you
 free smoke has a sick beat 
 free smoke though.  
 free smoke knocking fr.
 me during the first 36 seconds of free smoke tf is this shit  me when i heard the beat on the 45th second ooooo fucccc
 need a smile what happens when a priest  a rabbi  and an atheist smoke weed together  via @youtube
 tgirvine smoked  fennel glaze.creamy coleslaw.bbq baked beans @ tender greens 
 the first 40 seconds when drake isnt rapping on free smoke gtgtgtgt
 free smoke madiba riddim gyalchester teenage fever lose you cant have everything glow do not disturb..all id listen to on morelife
 @macncheeeesee honestly just listen to free smoke  teenage fever  kmt and lose you
 drake smoked do not disturb.
 im so fuckin high off this weed treat 
 more life is the best thing ive ever heard my entire life and im only on free smoke oracle reference was mod
 livepd officer like i got candy i can serve you on the block cocaine weed or rock it takes over me  candy ewww.. candy...
 lose you  free smoke  do not disturb my top 3 tracks on more life. subject to change though.
 no smokes in the city
 a flower never blooms if it holds on to the weeds below. 
 fee smoke free smoke
 colorado smells like dreams amp weed.  
 @xxl cant have everything  nothings into somethings  free smoke  passionfruit
 free smoke a banger though
 smoking big weed together. 
 lowkey wish weed rolled itself
 oxford conducting medical marijuana study httpst.coqtjb97jk52  marijuana normal @regulatemass boston 
 my grandma and i are discussing smoking weed together
 ready to smoke a blunt and listen to that more life though.
 day 77 grateful for a phenomenal dinner courtesy of ohiocityprovisions. these smoked chickens 
 really wish i had a blunt to smoke while i listen to this new drake album
 do people who smoke american spirits braid their dick hair
 congrats to hempfield on a fantastic season. if pennsylvania didnt know about the black knights  they do now.
 drake has my attention starting this off with free smoke 
 in this order gyalchester  cant have everything  4422  teenage fever  lose you  do not disturb  free smoke  glow morelife
 listen to smoke it out featuring ghost. prod. by cmplx by dillon yarbrough|ote np on soundcloud  
 @judgejeanine where theres smoke  theres hillary
 hella wish uber eats was out in smokey point. im hungry and cant drive. ubereats
 the vocals at the beginning of free smoke...
 lmao why was i so opposed to smoking weed 
 wish i had friends in vta i can smoke with
 yoooooooo i just put free smoke on in the beats smhhhh morelifemoreeverything
 ive been smoking the finest weed all day. chillsaturdays winning softly
 @tytherobot 20 years holy smoke  i cant believe it.
 i wish i could handle weed
 free smoke was amazing though
 free smoke the best ive heard it. got some more to listen to though.
 i wish uber eats delivered weed
 a rabbi  a priest  and an atheist smoke marijuana together and then they walk into a bar for the start of a joke 
 during my first semester of college  this guy in my math class came in drunk  pulled out a cigarette and asked can i smoke in here
 only heard like the first 10 sec of free smoke and this ho already bumping 
 we got weeds we couldnt control or get rid of so we took pics 
 free smoke favorite so far
 shining was about drake and free smoke was his response
 im on like 10th listen of free smoke 
 i wish i had some ganja right now 
 leaves fampms to smoke a joint amp listen to fleetwood mac in the car
 i gave up weed for lent
 i love wins.   wins and weed go together brilliantly.  halflingsleaf
 aint enough smoke in the world  to help me ease my stress.
 wish i was a smoker like that
 listen to ziggy recado  ganja medley by celebrationsound np on soundcloud 
 obamagate has more smoke around than the media would lead you to believe . 
 for many seniors  medical cannabis is more threat than cure. via david downs 
 everything is grey his hair  his smoke  his dreams and now hes so devoid of color he dont know what it means.
 np free smoke
 super soaker baby i could just smoke a l forget i met u...
 @greatbigtable its tiny too. size of a pack of smokes.
 had a dream my dad asked if i wanted to smoke a blunt  i guess finding his weed really impacted me
 rocking the nf as always even to church  @ hempfield umc 
 the gag is me and my manager used to smoke together 
 we won smokey da bandit amp suave da lyricist are the best new entertainers for the 36th 
 smoking weed does not help cramps. woopi lied lol
  as i smoke this gizzle
 @sraichlen i never stopped using my grills or smoker
 listen to smoke it out featuring ghost. prod. by cmplx by dillon yarbrough|ote np on soundcloud 
 listen to supe dupe x smokewithhutch  hunnid blunts prod. jdigss by smokewithhutch np on soundcloud 
 listen to austin skinner x hutch  xan binge prod. ynab by smokewithhutch np on soundcloud 
 @baegyptian @loserlizard231 thats very true  and i always keep that in mind. im never mean to smokers  its just frustrating because 
 freeee smokeeeeee
 five years smoke free me got some presents as an achievement reward  and now im ready for 
 great advocates for medical cannabis. gave me a few thoughts and ideas. thanks again. dont 
 free smoke is my favorite track so far  
 patients with access to medical marijuana reduce their use of opioids  study finds 
 caveman tirado grade 8 responds to a tough first game and fights back to earn 3rd place at the hempfield classic. way to go caveman tirado
 listen to free smoke by drake on applemusic. 
 ok i went to listen to more life and heard free smoke  thought it sounded exactly like hype  and turned it off. should i continue listening
 my proctor definitely saw the weed all over my table and pile of roaches when i took my midterm this morning  good shit
 i wish i had some weed up in my system because im about 2 seconds away from just flipping out..
 nice bunny can eat our weeds anytime springistomorrow 
 i wish i had weed
 while i could do without the first bit of free smoke  more life is good music.
 police are using new mouthswab tests to nab drivers under the influence of marijuana and other drugs 
 inserts do not disturb  free smoke  amp lose you into my top 25 drake rap songs list.
 i dont smoke weed  but i absolutely ripwasz rabbi  priest amp atheist smokeweed 2gether  via @alaskanhashqueen
 free smoke  blem  portland  glow and do not disturb are the best tracks on morelife in my opinion. dont @ me.   drizzy with another one.
 on the question of the trump campaign conspiring with the russians here  there is smoke  but there is no fire at allmichael morell
 a rabbi  a priest and an atheist smoke weed together 
  pimp c voice  smoke somethin biiiiiiitch @ denver  colorado 
 first things first  gotta smoke it out  
 i just smoked to listen to drakes album 
 free smoke is the worst song ive ever heard by drake.
 kind of odd because every trump supporter i know smokes a grip of weed. 
 my favorites so far sacrifices  madiba riddim  free smoke  and get it together. @drake morelife
 free smoke  sacrifices  do not disturb  lose you  cant have everything ...drake has nothing left to prove to the shitheads hating
 @maddyonomics no we cant. youre deep in the weeds.
 listen to smoke it out featuring ghost. prod. by cmplx by dillon yarbrough|ote np on soundcloud  
 son i blew weed smoke right in the police face yesterday and wasnt paying attention 
 everybody knows you post to eat first then smoke after....
 @speakerryan so  did you smoke any weed when you went to college using your survivor benefits when you werent hanging around the kegger
 at least a dill weed didnt win for rcr
 4422  free smoke  lose you  passionfruit  glow  portland  cant have everything  madiba riddim  nothings into somethings  get it together
 where is the weed man around ft stockton and iraan.... like damnnnnnnnnnn
 to smoke or not to smoke before a 3 hour drive  that is the question
 gas wat i smoke 
 dont not disturb amp free smoke the only songs i fw on more life
 i heard free smoke and fell apart
 @krazeecurlz @carrieffisher oh sorry  wasnt suggesting you chainsmoked. not sure carrie really did  maybe more of a heavy smoker.
 my dreams came true. i just choked like 20 times from smoke
 bannon repeatedly says and does racist things  white media people are complicated  black kid smokes weed  wm he was no angel.
 study study study study study smoke sleep repeat study study
 no smokeeeeee
 @ericchirumbolo ft smoke amp listen sesh when it does 
 nigga prolly smoked before class  
 wait. how did i not know @stevemoakler is going to be at windy city smokeout only my favorite weekend in the city and it just got better
 i ont smoke swisher sweets bih u fckin up the weed
 my roof listen to california laid back hip hop instrumentals smoking weed w my gf 
 whats bunions is that weed
 a mustread for pet owners who use marijuana.  
 when i heard free smoke for the first time 
 a flower never blooms if it holds on to the weeds below
 @wvrachael i see by your timeline that you believe in medical marijuana.  appalachia is a great place to grow.  thats an industry.
 @crigley13 when the first note kicks in after the talking in free smoke
 nah deadass though who smoke gas tryna match
 a smokers death wish dreamscometrue @ ripleys believe it or not 
 wish i had weed
 the way free smoke and no long talk flows together is lethal
 im so bore d i could really smoke my entire 8th today i wish my computer was fixed 
 listen to smoke it out featuring ghost. prod. by cmplx by dillon yarbrough|ote np on soundcloud 
 working all these closing shifts wouldnt even be that bad if i could come home and smoke... gave parker some cah tho so tomorrow we can 0
 nostalgia smoke again 
 make lucky charms weed rice krispie treats and sell them.. youll profit big 
 lose you  teenage fever  and free smoke my favorites so far.
 i just saw a video of a rabbi  a priest amp a homosexual athiest smoke week together and talk religion. amazing video.
 in terms of qualitycontenttalent  1 get it together  2 lose you 3 free smoke 4 4422 5 portland
 hey guys the rabbi  priest  amp homosexual athiest smoked weed together. weed. not week.
 before we left canada  i gave some homeless guy the rest of our weed and he told me im his new gf and that hes in love with me so taken
 pain patients look for cannabis thats got a cbd  higher than thc . we want pain relief so we can go back to work 
 @twozerosixgod you sure u cant venmo weed or devotion
 the worst thing about weed be careful 
 @itsvonte true lol im not trying to smoke tonight though
 i wish bitches didnt smoke crock pot cock
 everything hurts. joints  bones  muscles  skin. visiting mom 81 suggests i smoke some weed because she heard its good for chronic pain.
 to calculate approximately how much weed we smoke in a given period of time 
 wed  secret weed farmers mkt for med patients in ri.
 and the smoke of their torment will rise for ever and ever. there will be no rest day or night for those  . . . 
 that coffee and weed combo though
 intro of free smoke is pitched up vocals of nai palm from hiatus kaiyotes building a ladder  morelife  
 @realdonaldtrump you waste all the countrys time blowing smoke screens to cover your treasonous activity.it does not work but wsmall alts
 we get it. you smoke weed. but do you need to put it on snapchat e v e r y goddamn day. 
 i wish i had someone to smoke with in manhattan
 i cant find hennessy and weed by ccb on soundcloud im annoyed
 @madblackthot is that who does the opening vocals on free smoke please tell me yes
 @realdonaldtrump smoke screen we all heard you tell the russians to hack the democrats
 @beccabeaulieu lets smoke out of a crawfish and listen to some microtonal tunes sometime
 @sydneyjadee a week usually but do not smoke. might get impacted gums and the doctor will tell you thats the worst pain ever
 wait a second the beginning vocals in free smoke............wig off
 shift the blame divert their attention cue the smoke and the mirrors 
 controversy over med marijuana  lgbt counseling in neleg debate on new chief medical officer. watch on net world o 
 who wouldve guessed hempfield was racist  
 of course its not true. it was just a smokescreen used to divert attention from trumps ties to russia. 
 my current favorites on more life no long talk free smoke kmt nothings into somethings do not disturb teenage fever  cant have everything
 @damonbruce are effing serious holy smokes
 recreational marijuana supporters said keep the pot tax low to eliminate black market  then increase after 2 years. 
 @421steph the windows of detection for most drugs are very small lt48 hrs for most drugs except for marijuana. 14 weeks. 2
 of course not deflect the true with smoke bombs. his weapon of choice  he uses many a con man  america supporters y 
 i wish i could smoke
 @aclu so if i smoke pot because its med  will i lose assistance
 welcome spring. each leaf  each blade of grass vies for attention. even weeds carry tiny blossoms to astonish us.    marianne poloskey.
 jerry was dyslexic  his friend todd convinced him to try reefer for the first time. now jerry is hooked... 
 @ericbolling its a smoke screen for hillary  lets talk russia  so we can sweep hillarys investigation under the rug  and move on.
 yes after i smoke  
 comeyhearing we will lock up a black child for selling weed  but a traitors r allowed 2 run this country amp his cronies r not in jail
 all i smoke is gas  ampi you kno this mannnnnn 
 listen to smoke  really want it  by smoke np on soundcloud  pressplay broward 954 deerfield shit..
 free smokes a banger though. 
 imagine a blunt with a cannabis leaf as the wrap instead of a tobacco leaf
 a crackhead prolly found my wallet and smoked all my money up 
 @danechyna what exactly do you mean mexican dirt ball weed
 someone finally breaks through the democratic medias smoke screen.  
 dt amp team have perfected throwing up smokescreens. he is a traitor who is allowed to pick scotus. interesting. 
 np @drake free smoke newat2mix
 if he cuts the epa there will be no planet for your smokescreen infrastructure media attention with that hair i bet you burn easy
 lt3 wish my friends were here to smoke this lil bowl with me lt3
 @cnn anybody checked 2c if there was unusually large  communications between ip address assoc wtrump amprussia wheres there smoke theres
 @realdonaldtrump can a grand jury get past the national security smokescreen  we wantdeserve answerstruth
 so far my favorites on morelife are  madiba riddim  free smoke  and passionfruit.
 seattlefree queen box sprin covington pet free smoke free. guest bed. hardly slept on or used. looks brand new. 
 one of the ladders has retracted  while the other has stopped spraying. very little smoke coming from the building.
 @potus its all a smokescreen to slow down the agenda push on president trump
 a rabbi  a priest and an atheist smoke weed together  via @alaskanhashqueen
 though typically put under the tongue  cannabis tinctures are versatile and can be added to juice  sauces  ice crea 
 monona grove hs smoke alarm activated by a mechanical error  says hs administrator  students safe outside  no fire 
 so...my sister in law gave me a big green weed chocopop...   i took a pic of it  ate half and accidentally deleted the pic...  what the fuck
 @adamriguez do not disturb  passionfruit  free smoke
 chain smokes though this weeks episode of kuwtk
 the wrong side of the issues  and they are winning while we battle with the smokescreen of russia. politics  not 
 wish i could smoke some hookah right now 
 somebody ft me while i smoke this bleezy
 patients with medical marijuana cards would not be barred from getting a concealed weapons permit under sb351 
 @abc also if anyone should go to jail. its fylnn. not the leaker he should be hail as a hero. you trump people smoke to weed
 @thisniggakee weeds  how to get away with murder  black mirror  stranger things  shameless  the 100  greys anatomy  fosters.....all a1
 i wish ubereats would bring me weed
 sends sc of my pea snaps riley  ash lowkey i thought those were weed sticks you made into noodles @rileycat99
 everything is better with a bag of weed... until you lose it
 if your foreign got 200 thousand miles on it and smoke whn u hit the gastht mf a u.s citizen quit trying to stunt on us
 you aint gonna do shit steph.  my wife could smoke you and shes tiny.
 @lou dobbs until we weed out the rat leakers continual issues will plague us day in and out. they r public enemy no. 1. evil @devotedtrump
 a single dr and look at the reduction in pills  mostly pain meds but many others. all because of medical cannabis 
 returned this dudes phone that i found on 6th during sxsw and he gave me a gift bag w a weed lollipop  mints  and 4 hits of acid sxnoms
 hf2463 new health commissioner authorized to levy penalties against medical cannabis manufacturers. 
 our weed guy gave me a joint rolling lesson
 i wish i had some weed to smoke while i wait on this fuckin megabus
 on @wews at 11 gtgt outofstate businessman ready to make green  in parma  urges council to approve legal weed.  
 i wish medical marijuana was covered under my health insurance lmfao
 1. do not disturb 2. sacrifices 3. cant have everything  4. glow 5. portland  ice melts  lose you  free smoke  opinions 
 drake went super saiyan from 138143 on free smoke.
 free smoke by drake   the beginning is just perfect  
 free smoke begins to play  me 
 i may be a non functioning human when i smoke but listen i be having amazing revelations
 i been lowkey as ever. the only time you a see me is walking to grab my smokes .
 the lou getting hectic mugs get smoked even at the zoo 
 if the best weed has like 30 thc.......whats the other 70 
 you ever went to smoke and came back sober 
 wish i still smoked weed..
 so far best weed i ever had 
 @jakekilroy the black smoke is the bellhop
 i wish i had a friend to smoke with at this hour
 if i took a shot for how many times some people posted snaps of weed or smoking weed on their stories  id die from alcohol poisoning.
 hate when he says all i do is smoke weed  bitch i do everything i try everything in life i happen to like this plant marijuana is life
 @bonniexclydedj i went to my car to smoke a bowl before bed then wanted went on shuffle and ive been raving in my 
 @bonniexclydedj i went in my car to smoke a bowl before bed then wanted went on shuffle and ive been soloraving f 
 @bonniexclydedj i went in my car to smoke a bowl before bed then wanted went on shuffle and ive been soloraving f 
 @davidcpoynter yes  really..im not blowing smoke up your butt...you belong in hollywood...
 @swayzesghost @ap thc  the substance that makes pot smokers high a narc definitely wrote this
 @chigrl smoked or baked
 @najneedpac but smoke it all the time
 amp for my first final exam of the spring semester  i must ponder while enjoying the fresh scent of a recently smoked cigarette of a classmate
 .... as i smoke this gizzle.
 @wendymarcinkie1 @natoally  does anybody think trump will use hillary weiner abedin as a smoke screen
 i thought you cant have smoke in a church and the priests could not perform their service 
 favorite tracks no order sacrifices  lose you  free smoke  gyalchester  kmt  cant have everything  glow  do not disturb  fake love
 12.6 of drivers tested positive for cannabis at night. dr. beirness  canadian centre on substance abuse misummit2017
 free smokeno long talkpassion fruitjorja interludeblemgyalchestersacraficeskmtlose youcant have everythingdo not disturb.. 
 and after youre done u get a nice lil weed jar this is really a win win for a 1 
 seriously though  i had a dream three days ago where i met woody harrelson and he gave me a huge bag of weed.
 meritocracy is a smokescreen for the twoheaded hydra known as whiteness and capitalism.
 meritocracy and the socalled achievement gap is a smokescreen for the twoheaded hydra known as whiteness and capitalism.  edchat
 meritocracy and whats known as the achievement gap is a smokescreen for the twoheaded hydra known as whiteness and capitalism.  edchat
 that dont mean cut up   you could have smoked 
 if you post snapchats of you smoking weed on your story. go home
 do u know amercana blunt she is a true trooper with us noose a lot about the cannabis moment. 
 the bay area gave you the best weed and taco trucks known to human existence 
 imo msm  liberals using russia as scare tactic 2 further globalization efforts amp take down conservatism its all smoke amp mirrors.
 with canada poised to finally legalize marijuana  long time pot smoker @woodyharrelson gives up the ganja. 
 sb396 new revises provisions relating to the medical use of marijuana or industrial hemp. bdr 5453 
 grow your own cannabis to avoid black market pesticides. eradicating gray mold in cannabis organically 
 @drake x free smoke  np 
 np free smoke @drake 
 in the supreme court of appeal it is ordered that it is a criminal offense to use marijuana against citizens in any prosecution action.usa.
 in class today i watched a rabi  priest and an atheist smoke weed together and it was easily one of the best things ive ever seen 
 @justintrudeau govt weed will never succeed. take your hst from the sales amp go. or cdns will grow their own.  cdnpoli vanpoli topoli
 @drake hinted at free smoke on wanna know by @santandave1  
 my dorm was an icu for smoke inhalation patients.
 listen to drum and bass off the weed  @djinfo by gerardo velasquez np on soundcloud  drumandbass  hiphop
 @broadly @alyssamastro44 weed always got me through times of no obama better than obama got me through times with no weed.
 kays opens 3rd kaya shack recreational marijuana store and medical mariju...  via @yahoofinance
 how the fuck did i lose my weed.
 someone swoop and lets smoke a dutchhh
 i am acmpr i grow my own marijuana the first place i was a patient @ was tilray when i left i could finally pay my bills amp eat regular agian
 i hate when people smoke but its so aesthetically pleasing
 @marijulover essential oil diffuser for kitchen bedroom  car  aromatherapy pendant necklace jewelry cannabis  
 homegirl comin thru with the smoke
 @cabbitanalytics @feeedthebeast i cannot imagine any level of high that would ever make me think voting for trump would lead to legal weed
 females who smoke blacks are the worst
 interesting times if you are in the cannabis industry. hold on to your hat kids  this ride is about to get real. yyj bcpoli edibles kush
 @panprestige glad to see you recognize the trend in cannabis families excited to see what you have to post
 at 6 on news4jax st. johns county approves medical marijuana moratorium 
 when i would google entire questions i dont smoke 
 candidates wanted1.8 mil ma cannabis voters replacing prohibitionists   norml maconvos 
 frosty weed there is salvation in no one else god has given no other name under heaven by which 
 and all of you weed killers still hatin out there  i urge you to study about the actual plant  instead of spewing marijuana propaganda.
 but reefer madness and racist stereotypes america wake up 
 portland wins 11 times out of 10 because of homegrown smoker. 
 4th grade student my mom thinks i smoke the marijuwanna......i really annoy her  me hair loss
 comm gibson this is medical marijuana  doctors must be trained amp certified bangley confirmed. gibson glad the building is being used.
 navy recruiter really asked me when was the last time i smoke marijuana.  fucccc lmao
 recruiter really just asked me when was the last time i smoked marijuana fucccc lmao
 @jonjonaye agreed. i lost it when hiddleston ran thru the pit of green smoke
 @iucipur @giowop @cuddeh @apple i just wanna smoke weed at a destination ive never been to before whipping expensive foreign cars
 st. johns county approves medical marijuana moratorium  
 am i crazy or is drakes free smoke just a slowed down version of flexicution by logic someone listen and tell me
 i wish i could smoke amp cuddle  all day with benzo
 you cant smoke out with me i heard you a buster
 the prairie heights middle school won the @cdphe protect whats next challenge designed to keep youth from using retail marijuana.
 prairie heights middle school won the @cdphe protect whats next challenge designed to keep youth from using retail marijuana. greeleygov
 @yunglocholla @tharealjhood ant smoke backwoods
 for we are born at all adventure we shall be here as though we had never been for  the breath of our nostrils is smoke  and the beat is a 
 fire with this smoke. comey would never volunteer that his fbi is investigating the trumpvladimir campaign connection without substance.
 j h c i need to put the phone down when i smoke
 watching a battle scene in lotr where it seems impossible for them to win legit just gave me flashbacks to being weeded as a server
 all you do is drink  smoke and act bitter all the time geesh
 @dylanschwartz because everything is better with a smoke blowing dino
 iain smoke in so long i deadass think i could pass a drug test 
 @carypigman trust us who have taken the oath of hippocrates to care 4 patients the feds amp big pharma are immoral on cannabis. research it
 @jeffljlloyd smokescreen or serious look or a little of both nyj jets 
 when the govt dea cdc told pain patientslearn to suffer a lot of us pinned our hope on medical cannabis 4 relief now govt is attacking mm
 what would you do if a girl told you  ayoo you tryina smoke this pussy boy 
 wish i could just quit school and start a weed farm and just tend to my plants  do yoga  meditate and read every day
 about to smoke and study
 personally  i dont do weed  but this is funny d 
 @liveinconcert agreed. thought he wouldnt top free smoke. then gyalchester came on.
 wish i could smoke
 leyland has that grey pallor of a two pack a day smoker. wbc2017
 leyland has that grey pallor of a two pack a day smoker. wbc2017 
 goddamn wish i had some dank pot to smoke right now...  @yourdoggosfavdj
 i wish my weed man took quick pay 
 lowkey drake came at cudi on free smoke
  child w epilepsy in need of relief. let them have cannabis oil. med marijuana giving quality to this childs life.
 lets smoke together
 @hguoekx free smoke  passionfruit  madiba riddim  blem  gyalchester  portland  sacrifices  lose u  cant hav everythng  glow  do not disturb
 peoria officially has the worst weed men. 
 b220138 passed medical marijuana dispensary congressional review emergency amendment act of 2017 
 when goku almost smoked the supreme kai to fight majin vegeta gtgtgtgtgtgtgt
 wish i could smoke some weed before bed to stop myself from dreaming all together but nooooooo
 everything is grey. his hair  his smoke  his dreams. and now hes so devoid of color. ripped at every edge. but youre a masterpiece.
 alicia gave me so little weed this is my joint... this is a joint for ratatouille bro 
 @xanngel u blowing smoke 
 1 do not disturb 2 lose you 3 cant have everything 4 sacrifices  5 free smoke
 wish i had mfers who would smoke me up at 3am when a bitch dont have no weed 
 h3373 new relative to the regulatory authority for oversight of the recreational marijuana industry 
 ugh.  why do people have to smoke ewww 
 lmao. trenton marijuana crusader trolls dr. martin luther king  jr. with letters from mercer county jail. i have a dream... afo
 sb109 passed industrial hemp animal feed 
 @chrislhayes @kassydillon say  chris  how many joints is 30 worth of weed
 @mhgeast ha. believe about 5 of what you read between now and the draft. smokescreens everywhere.
 listen to mal featuring 40oz smoke sumn by jamal mal np on soundcloud 
 @snukasuper now  things like possessing or using marijuana should not be criminalizes.
 h3167 new funding youth substance use prevention through a fee on licensed marijuana establishments 
 and the smoke of their torment will rise for ever and ever. there will be no rest day or night for those  . . . 
 blackincannabis bc backincannabis   @lvgreen420    cannabis equity program city meeting 
 im tryina smoke 
 @mrod79 @daosorio @jcaporoso the smokescreen is they like watson better
 @lyndseyonair hes a poll smoker
 all the ls i took i smoked em
 i want theses cbd of course helps more then thc . i loved when i smoked it  
 dr. stuart gitlow is also a failed politician in rhode island  who is politically aligned against cannabis legaliza 
 not all heroes wear capes  though sometimes adam dons a cannabis flag 
 ld1098 engross an act to ensure reasonable accommodations for children for whom medical marijuana has been rec... 
 its all smoke and mirrors with trump. 
 95 of long term smokers began smoking before 21yrm.meyers tfk  smokers amp former smokers  how many of u started smoking lt21  ncoth2017
 good work @tednesi  @iandon on biggest potential state house story of the year so far senprez paiva weeds possible midsessn departure.
 2 marijuana essential oil diffuser pendant necklace car  bathroom aromatherapy pendant necklace jewelry cannabis 
 kids should smoke though 
 95 of long term smokers began smoking before 21yrm.meyers tfk  smokers amp former smokers  how many of u started smoking lt21  2017ncoth
 i think first question on dating sites should bewould you buy furniture designed by countrymusic star would weed out lots 4 both sides.
 @realdonaldtrump smoke screens never worked on the dems  and your supporters are starting to see the light now too
 one of our banners for our presentation at the world medical cannabis conference and expo in 
 time for my two favorite cs  coffee n cannabis  
 @thedavidcrosby always heard you had the best weed
 @zowilliams big pharma vs big weed great show. dr sebi was right about the alkaline diet. may he rest in power.
 @mikewaszouski michael really just asked if a weed leaf was colorados state flower
 we have moved from smoke to fire. this is objectively the greatest act of treason in us history.  
 had a dream that @bgooty was trappin out his olddd crib and was using an alligator to guard his weed. shit was nuts
 todo verde    hippiec   everything green  los angeles still got the best weed roll up 
 go on youtube and type in  a rabbi a priest and a gay atheist smoke weed together
 @zacpetkanas @damonbethea1 smokescreen. covering up for him.
 court went better than expected now its time to smoke this blunt 
 there was a time when i heard someone say they would rather their partner to smoke weed and i thought that was ignorant.
 @megolas1 basically nunes is creating a smokescreen for trump. there is nothing there. he had nothing what a dick.  trumprussia
 its times like this when i wish karina could be here to smoke with me 
 i smell a smokescreen. benghazi style.  nunes smells. he was on the trump transition team.
 nunes is just trying to help trump and his team try and get ahead of this and lawyer up while throwing a smoke ball
 havent smoked in a bit  maybe thts the prob 
 juicing marijuana leaves. malpanda thevillage blackumbrella hiphopchef igethighandcook 
 @bricefaccento free smoke  lose you  cant have everything
 its ironic my best character in mortal kombat is smoke  then rain
 @zants smoking the actual worst weed ever.
 since woodyharrelson gave up weed i gave up yelling at umpires. 
 all smoke and mirrors bc trump supporters will hear and believe what suits them. disinformation. a longstanding pu 
 how many more times will senate president m. teresa paiva weed lead the ri senate 
 hope someone asks who paiva weed has endorsedchosen to succeed her as senprez is she resigning her seat  or just the presidents post
 paiva weed i will seek an opinion from the ethics commission
 @chriskennedy2 even this smokescreen still says may and possible and just tangential smh fake but liartapgate is real
 my brother smoked my roach i left for break 
 @realdonaldtrump stop with the smokescreen. youre not vindicated. president obama did not wire tapp your tower. worry  its not over
 does it matter that there is no evidence of fire if the smoke is suffocating 
 the potus is controlling this whole mess with his side issuing us smoke bombs come on mccain some hero needs to stop this asap
 @chrisrose @intentionaltalk chris tell 15 if the usa wins tonight he owes leyland a carton of smokes
 @bakedalaska smoke another dube...your a joke. nunes
 we need to fund research for a nonmunchie weed
 id prolly smoke some with em 
 jason warf  southern colorado cannabis council 99 plant limit took effect in jan. we havent given that any time to see if its worked.
 a flower never blooms if it holds on to the weeds below
 nunes just the facts not spin and smoke 
 @margaritaville jimmy amp coral reefers. its your onstage contest hula girl in 2003 tiki tour. need 1 belly up ti 
 im at smokes 4 less in pleasant valley  ny 
 president paiva weeds legislative accomplishments are vast and farreaching   
 attention marijuana dispensaries medical amp recreational amp weed lovers our special edition bad 
 interesting how when ppl are charged with a white collar crime we condemn the individuals.... cannabis is still cri 
 @moarcowbelle yes check out the marijuana industry in colorado wa amp or and look at all of the inventions that came off of that new industry
 if you could choose 1 of your parents  which one would you smoke with
 @justlivetuu i have faith you will smoke by tonight
 of course my longest discussion post was on the legalization of marijuana
 oakland city council votes to end hiring discrimination based on past cannabis use 
 every single time brian loggins passes me in lufkin makes black smoke  i think to myself i wish i was as cool as him
 town meeting votes no on cannabis committee  138  no  8  yes  3  abstain lexingtonma
 city council approves creation of cannabis licensing commission 
 whats the best way to smoke out
 whats the best way to smoke
 white smoke over manhattan brrrrrr   midtown hellskitchen manhattan hellskitchennyc 
 the democrats may try blowing smoke on this but @potus trump put wire tappped in quotes meaning he was repeatin 
 lavar ball smokes mid @lavarball
 on a real note though  how is weed not legal
 nothing screams im a douche like blowing black smoke out of your ridiculously jacked up truck 
 wish i could smoke 
 look out  colorado. trumps coming for your weed 
 @mitchellvii @realdonaldtrump if you look through the msm smoke screen you will always see the truth.
 as opposed to the actual measure which keeps marijuana a crime. 
 town meeting votes to amend zoning bylaw for medical marijuana  99 yes  47  no  3  abstain. friendly amendment  only definitions changed
 @010the taking five for smoke
 russian story is a smokescreen  a diversion to throw off the obama wiretapping amp god knows what ever is in pandora 
 i fw my barbor for letting me smoke this gas  while getting my self a cut at his place 
 everyone needs to see the video on fb of the priest  rabbi  and atheist smoking weed together
 why does weed stay green but other plants turn brown within a few days 
 i gave up weed for lent..
 updated record  3016  wyo is garbage....needed flagrant 1 on utah valley to cover late. team with athletes next in cbi semi will smoke em
 come smoke a bowl with me and we can wat h the woodstock documentary
 i cannot fw you if you smoke swishers 
 kinda wish bubba was here to smoke this l wme 
 @moniquearuda yes because weed is the most holy substance
 listen to ivory black by oliver riot or do yourself an even bigger favor by doing so whilst under the influence of marijuana
 @jezebel sculpture  weed and bon iver sounds a lot like my sophomore year of college.
 drugs and weed lowkey a turn off
 i wish i could just smoke and go to sleep 
 usa  makeamericagreatagain  world champs thankspresidenttrump you know it wbc2017  jimmy smokes  goat
 @carennaffah lmao no the cannabis industry is just wild and my old boss is crazy. im good with uo and the crew  stopped by today
 this is the one time i wish puerto rico was a sovereign state  like cuba or the dr. doesnt matter. smoked em anyway. wbc2017
 do not disturb blem teenage fever free smoke  nothings into somethings
 @devinnunes are you creating a smokescreen for healthcare bill or the quintessential teachers pet no known cleansing ritual to clean you
 @time @mogoris i bet not havent heard him speak a word  45cab r all criminals again trying to cover investigation w another smoke screen
 i wish i was at home so i could just walk outside in my bathrobe to smoke
 @redstate trump my have possbily heard his wires were  tapped possibly by say  the uk  continual distractions from all the russia smoke
 if a nigga smokes me that jus means i had it comin
 all i ever wanted was a girl to smoke a swisher with
 smoking weed under star projectors  i guess will never know where harvard gets us
 all cannabis everything 
 wild in tha street  woman and weed es mi lugar
 city of stars just one thing everybody wants there in the bars and through the smokescreen of the crowded restaurants its love
 h3182 new relative to marijuana product packaging and labeling 
 @sylviethekitty @michaelpallante let us all smoke the reefer we shall bongify ourselves into the stratosphere of a distant planet
 more smokescreens smh 
 shouldnt of given weed up for lent
 ld1135 new an act to strengthen the efficacy of the medical marijuana laws 
 colorado cannabis industry banker shares its story to spur others   im learning how to use twitter
 i wish school wasnt a thing so i could smoke a blunt on the morning and get a big ass breakfast
 the best recipe for maximizing the medical effects of marijuana @alternet  @arizonanorml @mikelweisser @momforceaz
 i wish i still smoked.
 sb1197 new public health  maryland medical cannabis commission  membership  licensing  and studies 
 sb1197 new public health  maryland medical cannabis commission  membership  licensing  and studies 
 atlanta council to consider reclassifying marijuana offenses  @wabenews
 port hueneme city council moves forward with vanguard medical cannabis ordinance. a long time comin
 exercise in  @ smoke rise  georgia 
 sad but true  a week in the field and cages  smoke less... prolly b alright.... but nahhhh.
 only remedy the truth serum weed is in ur body  ur prob on wrong cheap ones pharmaceutical pills drugs tainted y makes buck assbogop pic bb
 @realmuckmaker wall in the whitehouse amp all who enter. smoke out all who r dazed by shiny rubles @merileeeaton
 @marklevinshow there will be more to come  obama has been hidinghe knows trump has him in his x hairs  when the smoke clears  its game on
 trump is killing this trump supporters weed business 
 there are way too many ties between the trump chumps and the russian government. generally  where there is smoke th 
 valerie corral and her former husband founded womens alliance for medical marijuanawamm  the 
 a flower never blooms if it holds on to the weeds below
  a flower never blooms if it holds on to the weeds  below
 bought baked goods from these two random ladies on campus and now i cant tell if i can actually taste weed in them or if im imagining it 
 smoking weed with you was one of my favorite things in the world. and you took that away from me
 i am making oreo rice krispy treats. me dam sounds bomb her yea smoke some weed before you eat them and they are the best thing ever
 nobody smokes weed for the taste is literally the most ignorant thing iv ever heard. there is literally cult foll 
 i really wish i had some weed to smoke here though
 ..just wanted to show off my buns.  @ texas best smokehouse 
 president paiva weed nominates dominick j. ruggerio to serve as the new senate president. 
 paiva weed nominates ruggerio for president for caucus to endorse 
 cant fw you if you get your weed for free
 whats lavar weed man number. 
 russian propaganda is a motherfucker. my husband honestly believes marijuana use will lead to heroin use.
 nows the time america. trumpcare vote delayed. trump doesnt have the votes. contact your rep. by email  phone  twitter  smoke signal.
 donald trump has a bad attitude toward people like myself who like to smoke pot  he has a bad attitude
 @danyorkeshow dems are opposed to cadillactax returning  vs smoke screen block grant issues  
 new  link in my bio listen to shots fired prod. by @84music1 by smoke np on soundcloud @ 
 @jodieemery @heretohelpbc @jeremycolombe @liftcannabis demonizing cannabis heres a new carbcaffiliated study 
 i sure wish @darrenhefty would quit talking like extend beans were the best weed control ever. its not going to work like rup did
 lmao smokepurrp put kurt kobain and gg allin in his new music video  really daw   this whole rock star poser thing is getting annoying
 @greggutfeld sir whats your opinion on the legalization of recreational marijuana yes or no just wondering
 new study confirms cannabis can help beat tobacco and other addictions  via @@herbworthy
 i smoke that shit that made r kelly think that he could fly lmfaooo
 @repadamschiff @puestoloco smoke em if you gottem.
 @petrosandmoney this has gone so far off into the weeds its hilariousi vote to have more off the rails short shows
 uhm i lose weed all the time  
 @sf28430 looks like a damn skull in the smoke. prayers to all affected
 father of four doesnt believe he deserves to sit in prison until he dies due to marijuana. a texas judge disagreed 
 final of ll girls all star hoops at hempfield  the home side won 6961
 this is rascalina. she eats and smokes on wheels she was supposed to be in an exhibit 
 you bought   leased   smoked  ate  slept with and married it. happiness should lead to pleasure. pleasure does not lead to happiness.
 @senjohnmccain why is the @gop still standing by trump smoke is rapidly turning into the fire. time to admit that the gop enabled treason.
 aaannyone that goes to hempfield amp has a pic of your promposal amp would want it to be in the school paper please send it to me 7243932007
 daisy heard the weed eater amp scratched the shit out of me. ok  you win  time to go inside.
 about to smoke  who want to ft 
 colorado weed is way better than california weed.  cannabis
 a smoke with my hero  @ sweeny  texas 
 an 11 word love story  my friends in from sac and wants to smoke you out
 just tryna smoke a l and post up with someone son 
 remembering you have a whole eighth to smoke while cooking is bliss  thisfoodbouttotasteliketheglorythatisgod
 come one come all tues 630 tocc council mtg free pot samples and your opinion needed commercial marijuana sales in to not kidding nick q
 @dbcopa so we can agree in both cases  trump and hillarys  that there must be plenty of smoke for fbi to investigate  yes
 @whritual update everyone was exactly in their 50s and smelled like smoke cant say im surprised in retrospect
 the mvpenis has a smoke show lucky 
 even weeds have beauty. nature @ coffee creek watershed preserve 
 @kilanel @piffyprincess we can have a evan candy smoke session lmao kila heyyyy girl
 this weed has a 1960s hairstyle. nature @ coffee creek watershed preserve 
 idek either smoke again or u got me fd up 
 i just made my first weed delivery order 
 enter to win a dyna glo smoker 
 all i wanna do is finally get my bff to smoke for the first time ever  pllllllzzzz 
 bram had to smoke the shotgun wielding homeowner  didnt he  colony 
 @seanhannity @devinnunes like everything the dems touch they call it one thing which is only a smoke screen fir sonething else. denying dems
 wish i could smoke one more time
 ncaa refs r a bunch of jackass weed smoking pot heads ncaa refs r dope
 who has some weed 
 so frustrated  i wish i could smoke....but the same problems would still be here once i come down from my high.
 sb117 engross recognize industrial hemp agricultural product for agricultural water right 
 @joyannreid @devinnunes he made them up just for trump to create doubt another smoke screen gotta be pudding the feds amp int off real good
 u think i could smoke my phone
 oh they didnt just lose  they got smoked... 
 nunes said on wed that he first checked with the speaker before trump bigger smoke screen  coverup than it appeared. specialprosecutor
 gop smoke screen falls apart devin nunes wont deny the source for his wiretap claim was trump via @politicususa 
 seriously though  down to smoke 
 the only time my brotheramp i get along is when we smoke together
 today i contemplated whether i wanted to remain in the marijuana industry or enter the environmental science fields...
 try to smoke a wood walkin home in the rain lol that shit gon disintegrate. that swisher withstand any conditions lmao
 ive lose my face off of too much weed and yung gleesh walk 
 need a big smoke and a bigger sleep
 i wish i had a bowl to smoke 
 deadass smell weed and hair grease 
 yo the song drake sampled at the beginning of free smoke is amazing building a ladder go listen to it 
 you r wat u eat which means im a smoked lamb shank
 who has weed
 yo aliens invented weed and i pushed too many carts today
 many college students have gone to college and gotten hooked on drugs  marijuana  and alcohol
 sb119 new growing and processing industrial hemp  granting rulemaking authority  and making an appropriation. ... 
 yessss i would easily smoke 5 when i wake up like 
 @troyave win weed black @welcomeovo
 future  zoom gtgtgtgtgtgtgt smoked it
 joe is letting out all of the secrets. no smokescreens for him  
 how da fuxk its friday and i woke up wit s but weedless df
 color and smoke nyc newyorkgraffiti brooklyn  
 i need to listen to free smoke
 i would have smoked some bammet ass weed with chance if we went to high school together.
 just because you smoked me out and gave me beer doesnt mean i owe you sex buddypal
 psa you dont have to post a video everytime you smoke 
 pollinate them weeds  no joke though  the camera on my phone is amazing. i am so glad i got 
 erbody in gravitating toward that chicago lingo..from canada to compton everything on 4 nem   on baby free smoke you goofy lol
 all the rappers gravitating toward that chicago lingo..from canada to compton everything on 4 nem   on baby free smoke you goofy lol
 senate health passes medical marijuana bill  sb 386  in tight 65 vote. to judiciary.
 good sexorganism and marijuana relieves all stress though lol
 not enough weed in the world  
 a weed is no more than a flower in disguise. @ clayton corporate 
 @dustingouker exactly. same with anything really. prostitution  cannabis  and on and on.
 this white boy just tried to tell me a dubb means a win or a 20 sack of weed 
 time to smoke an l and listen to this new kendrick
 unlimited data is the best thing that has ever happened to me besides discovering weed.
 rain  hemp lattes  portland vibes
 lets smoke that bihh  
 lot of smoke out there suggesting otherwise so what is true 
 listen to thru the smoke | jmo feat. 2nd sight | prod. by invaluable by jmo2times np on soundcloud 
 another smokescreen 
 pharm marijuana  dea approves syndros  a pharma cannabis solution  for schedule ii status  via @pharmaciststeve
 pharm marijuana  dea approves syndros  a pharma cannabis solution  for schedule ii status  via @pharmaciststeve
 @seanhannity sick of hearing about trump vs. russa dems need to focus on making america great these distractions are all a smoke no fire
 we got a letter from our hoa bc we had weeds in our yard 
 wait sooooo future and ciara arent together because he didnt want to stop using codeine and weed
 wish i could just get up amp move to colorado with my dog amp smoke hella weed 
 the source of the illness is not marijuana. this headline is misleading.  and gvmt weed is not real weed  
 that friday im free feeling. smoke some ganja and spin some tunes. 
 when we boutta smoke though  
 dr naveed and myself will be presenting amoung industry experts at the world medical cannabis 
 ballin on my mavericks sht  smoke a joint wiz and get a college bihh
 ballin hard on my mavericks sht  smoke a joint wiz and get a college bihh
 @foxnews @tuckercarlson this is why i love tucker get em tuck do what you do best. weed out these idiots amp expose them for what they are.
 or at least not much. last year the weeds took over everything due to the shear amount of rain  so hoping this helps in keeping it clear.
 pass me the green   i need some weed with my hennessy
 tell me how i smoke a blunt a day and can still run a 720 mile 
 treating myself with weed lt3
 holy smoke @rephastingsfl you are my goddamned hero 
 i wish i had weed
 all i do is smoke amp vibe  how can you not fw me 
 i cant wait for this homeless kid that is dependent on marijuana on dr. phil  to become the next big thing for being an idiot
 all drake does is smoke weed and write the same god damn song over and over but he gets a visa jung ho has actual accomplishments but nooooo
 @jchurchradio smoke from a distant fire
 while you were sleeping on us we were building relationships @gunubuproducts smokebuddy 
 and when the smoke does finally pass  we will rise above all the ash
 while you were sleeping on us we were building relationships @gunubuproducts smokebuddy 
 @slootskie @kinggimp theyre sold out already i believe but u might need a medical card to enter since its like a weed eventconcert
 w plenty of smoke 2 go w those mirrors amp they r wavy mirrors so what u c is not what u get. r they dumb enough 2 
 act natural beth theres smoke coming out of your mouth
 i need to renew my med card because i could never find weed in rancho
 when u smoke for the first time @chloecombs4 
 chris gibson and caleb nykamp enjoying the smokey mountains while checking out our 2017 cmc 
 np drake  free smoke
 were slinging roasted pork  smoked slaw with rebel yell bourbon sauce til 10pm @nobourbonfest 
 sb344 new revises various provisions relating to the labeling  packaging and advertising of marijuana. bdr 40... 
 @jimmydore @sensanders  jimmy dore always brings it.  funny with a solid message. weeds through the b. s.
 in the blink of an eye just a whisper of smoke you could lose everything the truth is you never know
 in the blink of an eye  just a whisper of smoke  you could lose everything  the truth is you never know
 @callmehbfno2 nothing i dont smoke
 when your smoke show of a sister wins prom queen  
 i wish @kingddre could smoke with me 
 somebidy need to smoke me out.....im ina parish
 heroes arrive for smoke alarm at 62 highland somervillema 
 and he doesnt smoke cigarettes oh my stars.
 i wish i was old enough to drink and smoke with my family 
 14 billion dollars a year for medical marijuana companies.
 dea approves synthetic marijuana for big pharma company against legalization 
 @theeconomist smokescreen helps politicians 
 yasmin went to a dispensary to get weed and edibles for me  so  of course i took the time to cry and get in my feelings 
 when ur 4x400 relay team absolutely smokes the competition and wins by 60m. proudcoach 
 listen to free smoke by 600breezy np on soundcloud 
 yo in xmen mad innocent bystanders be getting smoked 
  cant believe you smoked never wanted too smoke w| me and kamayi  
 in florida you can literally post up anywhere and smoke
 @realdonaldtrump smoke and mirrors will fool most of the people most of the time mr. president  but not me
 a world of pain  smokey.
 i wish i had some weed
 wish i had more weed.
 my roommate asked me if i took her weed im ganna fight her lmao
 you could put your weed in there 
 i wish i had some weed  the worst
 out lift driver is complaining that the passenger beforenusnsmelled like weed. bro it might be us
 lets post up in my room and smoke
 it took us 5 hours to finally smoke
 @barrytgraham @youngdems4trump @randpaul i have nothing against medical marijuana and it should be available for pe 
 last time i checked  obamacare does not cover my weed 
 check out inside medical marijuana on netflix   this may possibly be the worst thing i watch this year
 @timesofindia @toilucknow a real ips would not tweet like this. he is promoted ips or passed by cheating. yogi will weed them out.great work
 colorado lawmakers urge governor to step in on medical marijuana registry backlog via the cannabist 
 1st horse race in america took place 349 years ago today at newmarket in hempstead plains. long island  ny. 
 got damn weeds gave we some weeeeeeiiiiirrrd dreamz
 @alycebarry  this is the vid of the guy smoking cannabis and his tremors go away. 100 worth a try imo
 i wish weed was legal to the point where i could go to the zoo and smoke a blunt.
 colorado  weed wya.
 i was looking into getting a medical marijuana card but looking at this list idk if i would qualify
 grateful to the @americaredcross  here in sa getting ready to train a volunteers and install smoke detectors in hom 
 aint this some bullshit... dea approves synthetic marijuana for big pharma company against legalization 
 listen to curreny amp smoke dza  10 bricks ft. french montana amp big k.r.i.t. np on soundcloud 
 i believe cannabis clears the cobwebs long enough to learn new things. it showed me that my life was still a life w 
 lowkey wasting yo weed smoking with fuzz it aint even gonna get em high fr lol
 @mikaelaconley would love to connect. i rep joe schrank who founded high sobriety rehab in la using cannabis to treat opioid addictions.
 i got your mom to smoke a joint with me not a fatty though 
 and this is how i weed...shhhh my husband thinks i do it 
  compared to whole plant cbdrich cannabis  industrial hemp is typically low in cannabinoid content
 came to get some cigars and say hi to john and his uncle bill @ 7204 twins smoke shop in londonderry  nh 
 unless your 2mile run time is as low as ours at 4700 ft above sea level  you cant tell us not to smoke 
 healthy competition is critical for  all hemp businesses to strive but we must not forget that we all have the same enemy. votehemp
 saturday morning gym time always better with smokey  diana  four tops ... and strohs beer. motown 
 wish i could smoke a blunt and listen to instruments play 
 all we smoke is purpled weed  make the whole world believe  im fw that shine on me @tecdactb
 listen to thru the smoke | jmo feat. 2nd sight | prod. by invaluable by jmo2times np on soundcloud 
 she took pics with her dogs and they were in a little suit amp they were apart of the weeding like omfg 
 need to smoke this black but 
 to smoke this blunt before or after the gym  that is the question
 not being able to enter cannabis shops improved test scores by 0.1 sd.not clear what the students wouldve preferred 
 @davidjohnson717 heard you smoked the spigg for your birthday
 spending the gloomy day making smoked manhattans. who else is trying to drink the rain away  @bulleitusa 
 @doughravme @truthout  sessions is a bigger dope than the marijuana industry
 attention smokers my flower pots  the neighbors lawn  our streets  the sides of doorways  the entire world is not you ashtray
 coffee  weed and nature shows ripcity saturdaymorning 
 holy smokes what an honor   as usual  i am counting my lucky stars and thrilled just to be nominated.  
 i wish i had more friends to smoke with 
 i asked my trump supporter ass dad if he could drive me to the beach so i could smoke and he was down omg
 exactly. roadtrip @ got weed    weed california 
 you always fw boof ass weed 
 @oklegacy @theeleanordavis some racists are high on weed.indians continue to do what u cant. you wdnt knw whats a usb if not for an indian
 exaaactly why i smoke ganja 
 @stluciferspice dry rubbed wings smoked over apple. almost ready for the deep fryer. @ ridley 
 i smoke to numb the pain ..... but wat do i do when theres no more weed
 who tryna get that 1v1 action in basketball  im handing out free smoke today
 @oklegacy @theeleanordavis hahaha the guy on weed never seizes to amuse now does he 
 asked the dudewhats the best weed for a hangover and now im officially ready to get fucked up tonight
 its racism though. their just hated for the color of their skin. smoke another blunt bro.
 gas station quote of the day  crackhead 1 i smoke more weed then you crackhead 2 i smoke so much weed my poop is green. yeah. that much
 i dont smoke but i fw everything else  
 i lettt my black hair grow amp my weed smoke
 i wish i could smoke today fuck
 rivera smokes grounder into left scoring run. christian hicks doubles into rc brining in maldonado. florida 8  lsu 1. 1 out bot8.
 @shakestweetz aca battle was a smokescreen  hitchcocks macguffin. real story is putintrump fascism comes to america.
 np free smoke  @drake   
 megabus its like being on bart but it has wheels and you still cant smoke weed on it
 lets smoke something  music and weed  sublime rocks  santoria  reggae  rockandroll jointholder 
 i could sense weed from miles away
 bye rain lets smokeout secondvine courtyard tonight  7 10pm. cinnerswelcometoo botl sotl @ 
 gonna be hi off my ass this four20 heading to the weed shop now for some customerappreciation
 @andrewkeef bro no lie they smoke grabba leaves. straight tobacco leaves. i been smoking on games. which is tobacco leaves as well 
 wish i had some kids..ok what prick rolled this emotional weed 
 the weed delivery guy got murdered in my friends upscale loft building and the tenants are complaining
 @usagsessions fyi weed smokers r not lazy uneducated or unemployed amp vote.. saying shit about weed amp us is like what hillary would do. wtf
 lily has a sunburn. i did the only thing i could think to do. i slathered her in hemp and sandalwood. the hippie runs deep in this family.
 i wish i had weed
 frogs double their lead on an e5. brown smoked it  and the throw to second winds up in right. brown thrown out on the bases 924. 40  t4.
 smoke some reefer and shutchass up 
 like how we thought brown sugar by dangelo was about black women and the whole song was about how amazing weed is oldschooldecoded
 finally off work . another bag secured now its time to smoke my weed and listen to my music adultlife 
 hunter must be innocent bc otherwise his hemp bracelet would be soaked in blood.  crimesolver amirite dateline
 to smoke or not to smoke that is the question.
 @destineybleu weed helps me
 everythings gravy when theres ganja
 @weepysweetmonty whats up anime weed king 
 i cant waiiiiiiiiiiiit to smoke a j when i got home my gawwwwd
 colorado taking steps to shield cannabis industry from federal govt overreach. 
 whos tryina smoke
 they should legalize marijuana  i mean whats the worst that could happen 
 another finished product by the better half hemp bracelets. @ rush 
 @justwhitney some times she only smoke tho i be trya turn up fr
 @barikizomg i bet vettel will smoke hamilton on the start and lead the first lap. or crash trying. .
 if the world ends tomorrow would you smoke with me
 @mussellenick ... chemo amp grace of god  shes 11 yr survivor. cdc is studying her. never smoker. nor our parents. she was 40 @ onset.
 friends who smoke together . stay together 
 i forgot i had my tia on snapchat and i just showed the weed grinder 
 last generation that can legally smoke a cigarette . like case law lazy ignorant people are using previous concepts 
 @bcbluecon @rachelnotley was right on point  and compared to hillary clinton  came out shining.  i can smell his pot smoke from here
 i wish i smoked i swear ill be funny af 
 unpopular opinion weed is trash
 @010the once a month five plants how was i to do this if not sold disposed of in fire place it will haha a fire of weed roast mash mellows
 i need to smoke m8
 ..pass me the green i need some weed with my hennessy 
 i put your letters in a box  i burned them all today to see if the smoke could talk j.s. 
 race cars and weed jars
 i put your letters in a box  i burned them all today to see if the smoke could talk. j.s. 
 perfect sleepy time concoction chamomile tea w a shot of nyquil  1 benadryl  2 melatonin  a muscle relaxer amp a hit of weed. nighty night 
 @foxnews  calamity and chaos besmirks every word from trump... but when the smoke clears trump is usually right...  hows them apples taste
 why would you ever smoke weed when you could get higher off jenkem for free
 @senwarren from talking about health care and address these russia issues. there is a lot of smoke. persist persist
 lol theres 5 weed left in the semester
 @carypigman against medical marijuana but youll get a dui over twice the limit with an open wine bottle in your seat fuck you
 antifa terrorists are now complaining about danger amp violence. hopefully sessions pauses his war on weed long enough to imprison these ducks
 nothing screams winning the megabus lottery like sitting next to a large man who obviously smokes. burning all my clothes. 
 muscle  smoke  mirrors    bodybuilding fitness  via @parisreview
 let both grow together until the harvest. at that time i will tell the harvesters first collect the weeds and tie them in bundles
 my dream was fucked up. i need to smoke.
 @h former president barack obama advocates marijuana after legalization  toronto streets full of marijuana smell  blacks up  thefts increase
 @n former president barack obama advocates marijuana after legalization  toronto streets full of marijuana smell  blacks up  thefts increase
 @f former president barack obama advocates marijuana after legalization  toronto streets full of marijuana smell  blacks up  thefts increase
 @n former president barack obama advocates marijuana after legalization  toronto streets full of marijuana smell  blacks up  thefts increase
 @b former president barack obama advocates marijuana after legalization  toronto streets full of marijuana smell  blacks up  thefts increase
 weighing rain after 11 and running to allotment to weed v gym. gym time loses  can do that in rain. weeding harder in rain...
 @feeedthebeast @realdonaldtrump you believed that bullshit jesus christ man dont smoke before you vote
 its a @hooper sunday for me in hempfield township. 
 @gucci1017 tryina smoke when u hit cornell
 a weed or a wish sundaymorning perspective 
 sleepy bully thinks hes a lion @ tonys smoke shack 
 @clnichols6 im really excited and grateful but also so deep in the weeds
 to smoke a blunt or not is and everday question
 i could smoke a whole blunt by myself 
 the chain smokers have some of the worst music ive ever heard
 @realdonaldtrump pulled a smokescreen. he has so much contempt for @potus44 that he wants to see obamacare fail. @katyturnbc @theeconomist
 serious question  what do they do with that weed 
 @naomi martin what a story about kara in todays newspaper i would vote to use medical marijuana for her condition.
 the media will really criminalize a black person for using marijuana like these underage white college students dont show up drunk to class
 so on top of being sick this rain is fucking with my back  ughhhh i wish my dr wouldnt randomly drop me so i could smoke the pain away.
 music amp marijuana   @ brooklyn  new york 
 investment firm cowen amp co. predicts that sales of legal weed could grow to 50 billion by 2026  via @madisondotcom
 i took the hottest and best bath ever  and i set the smoke alarm off 
 my neighbor gave me some weed to take her trash out 
 another wonderful lady that deserves the communitys attention prettypouches  love ya ganja 
 @realdonaldtrump this bill never would have passed in senate. no smoke and mirrors mr. president. get a grip and move on before you lose all
 somebody make weed legal in texas and ban colorado indefinitely 
 blackincannabis bc backincannabis    ganjatribefarmacy    so lit at this hempcon 
 i mean i would smoke in a car to 
 go follow my page for  medical cannabis health tips httpst.cocetvx1rzxm
 sweet  parents left till 6 so that means ive got all this time to smoke and play siege 
 do you know what kind of absolute fiend shit you have to be on to smoke a roach blunt made out of roach blunts made out of roaches fiend.
 listen to busy signal  smoke weed again by reggaecloud np on soundcloud 
 pass me the green i need some weed with my hennessy
 mobile with the smoke wat u need
 know your limits when using weed the stuff these days is powerful not as young as i use to be so my limit is 20 thc works for me. legal btw
 exactly smoke one yute  
 but can we smoke together
 yo all the time in hs either marijuana princess or dimechanel. 
 i wish someone would make a compilation of all the times @jeffreestar has smoked in his videos because that would be cute
 happy airmax day supreme world famous airmax97 @ hempstead long island ny 
 testing could stall access to medical marijuana in ohio 
 my sis wouldnt care if the world was ending  she would have to get weed first.
 wow just heard on @cnn the words probable cause abt collusion w trump campaign amp russians could b political speak but  loads of smoke
 colorado has a plan to avoid a marijuana crackdown by president trump 
 now that i took my shower im ready to smoke  now if only i could cuddle someone after 
 they make their own vaping liquid. my favorite is grape. @ brooklyn smoke shop in brooklyn  ny 
 i need to smoke my weed  get super shmacked and start seeing words and hearing colors 
 experimenting with some hemp based pla supplied by a customer. the additive manufacturing 
 whats your favorite way to smoke
 i had a dream i had smoked
 trumps health care smokescreen as keystone pipeline moves forward and the dems continue to own obamacare.@realdonaldtrump @elinabeauchamp
 whats faster than a speeding locomotive move over superman  its the marijuana 
 wish my weed would roll itself up 
 believe it or not id smoke that within 2 weeks 
 i could eat green curry and smoke blue dream all day..
 not just pot entrepreneurs that are poised to cash in on ma cannabis biz. mapoli 
 5. free smoke drake intros go so hard its really not fair smh  i fw this beat amp the vocals at the beginning  aubrey handled the rest
 holing up in my room with beers and weed to work on these tunes  2 new mixtapes releasing april 17 thanks for being a friend
 if those poor girls who are missing were say a pound of weed or a kilo of coke. the cops prolly would have found em by now.
 her and her boyfriend probably smoke crack together.
 @irelandrhain amp cannabis
 @conniewhitehome  true  hillary had real infrastructure plan  trump has smoke amp mirrors conman.   @dobbinsangela8 @karacalavera @maggienyt
 i wish i could smoke a cigarette and use the toilet at the same time
 seriously though  working in a county hospital has be terrified of drugs and heavy drinking. only things thats safe anymore is weed 
 given that i always mistook that maple leaf for a marijuana leaf... i am glad they went that for that decision.
 rapper weed gone have u rapping 
 i have nice weeds in my garden. pachanza plantstudy weed clover spring olympus 
 exactly. roadtrip @ got weed    weed california 
 i just smoked a tiny bunny and im not sure if i should be crying like any other girl or not
 who has weed 
 wait. why when i used to smoke all i ever wanted was pbampjs or noodles  
 i wish i had weed like @schoolboyq
 need to smoke this half of a blunt in my wallet 
 stigmabase usca   americans are now using more medical marijuana  for their pets  canna companion  a company 
 wish i could tell my responsibilities that im going to the gas station for smokes and never come back
 they they replaced the maple leaf with a marijuana leaf im 
 adichie deploys d separatebutequal bs 2 smokescreen d true spine of her narrative transphobia and hierarchical identitypolitics
 i smoke too many blacks 
 post load out run for bozzre and smokes and snacks for load in on wensday at @wawa in richmond  va 
 @foxnews smokescreen
 star wars the jedi goes out for smokes.  filmaprequel
 h1053 new relative to licensing of recreational marijuana facilities 
 i just ate this weed candy cassmari gave me like last month  im scared
 hotels and cities are starting to blur together this liquor and this weed are starting to work together
 @realdonaldtrump  trumps first sign of acquiescence. an early smokescreen to never mind. adios to trumps wall and travel ban.
 653am oakland fire. smoke is shifting colors rapidly. 
 still out of sorts. a plume of smoke came out of an electrical outlet in my apartment. thankfully i saw it so could act immediately.
 lots of doctors r prescribing medical marijuana 4 arthritis. given that arthritis is inflammation of the joints  
 @chemple2 @usatodaysports @usatoday tell em hemple  mvpthebeard
 colorado has strategy for recreational marijuana industry if feds crack down 
 the weed cotton candy guy hes awesome he made us lots of free cotton candy hes always at 
 smokeyours smokeyourscrew serenamarcus @serenamarcus the weed cotton candy man hes sweet lol 
 dozens of industries could see a boost from legalized marijuana 
 colorado agriculture department set to study using industrial hemp in animal feed 
 recreational marijuana industry poised for takeoff in mass. 
 you might get smoked by police for it  but that shit hot though. 
 i just drink smoke  stay lowkey
 wow. @wvgop asking party members to vote no on sb386  the medical marijuana bill 
 same see a weed some see wish  nature bestphoto photography dandelion photo @ united states 
 same see a weed some see wish  nature bestphoto photography dandelion photo @ united states 
 bill flanigan  a former delegate who last year talked about using medical marijuana during chemo  is at capitol for 2nd reading of sb386
 daily dose of smoke screen. pay no attention to that man behind the curtain. i am the great...whatever. 
 i smoke before i do everything lmao.
 listen to a.c ft. smoke  flash copy.mp3 by smoke np on soundcloud 
 the friendships i have that started with we should smoke sometime are some of the best
 listen to a.c ft. smoke  flash.mp3 by smoke np on soundcloud 
 summit county ganjapreneur wants to expand cannabis  food and wine tours beyond colorado 
 @jamals21 i will smoke a
 whats on tap @ twins smoke shop 
 mybesteverdecision was and is to help you get access to medical cannabis.
 you know ima smoke the whole world boutcha
 ladies and gentlemen watch this show it has some former students of mine and it has weed and singing. these are a 
 its now safe to enter walmart after an ac unit caught fire causing the inside of the building to smoke up @wxxv25 
 i got pulled over and the police took all my weed so tight
 i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 @sleeplessmovie i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 @thr i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 @tedtalks i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 @gheadicus i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 @etnow i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 @jamescburns i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 @joannesandi i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 @krisjenner i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 @mikecochran1694 i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 @barbizonmodels i think its funny when people tell me they are bettering their lives by not smoking weed  bitch you ever heard of snoop dogg
 join us for the free @raekwon meetandgreet at weedssouthvan 6657 main  friday april 7th 
 @bradmcelhinny @wvgop ive said this before  but i just dont get why anyone would oppose tightly controlled legalized med marijuana.
 wth  i made an omelette before i went to smoke so i could eat it after  and i came back in  and im not even hungry 
 listen to smoke  streets aint the same  by smoke np on soundcloud  500 plays deerfield 954 broward shit
 trustee johnson were going to put hempstead first. will hire @hempsteadvill residents first.
 @20committee will viciouscycle cont 1 story abt russiagate 2 trump counters wlookoverhere smokescreen 3 tmw new leak on russiagate
 i asked my mom whats the worst thing she thinks i do  smoke weed 
 as a republican and a christian  i hang my head in shame with my leaders in wv concerning medical marijuana 
 are you high right now  did you even inhale it  i heard you tried to smoke is it true  
 people like rand paul and devin nunes are so easy... traitors stop with the smoke screen. 
 from nbc against hillarys state dept  holy smokes    this is such a big story msm cant even hide or bury this 
 @kdouglasmichael twisted wire sport they eat meat for you you cant smoke your wife follows you and gos crazy
 lmfaoooo they only fw you for your weed brud 
 this is about the trumprussiacollusion story. there is so much smoke  no confirmation can be seen until it clears. 
 @illionaire you see the one where he ate the whole weed candy bar
 you a jackass  all i smoke is ass
 vote for weed 
 listen to drake  free smoke by octobersveryown np on soundcloud 
 lets listen to partynextdoor amp smoke all night
 ag is so full of bigot not letting citizens have access to medical marijuana its 100 times better then prescription drugs
 best weed came from lebanon   @kevinboudin 
 house ed to meet 15 mins after session debating sb386 patient freedom act aka medical cannabis. watch live now 
 i took a few shots in my yard this morning. this is a weed. pachanza plantstudy weed 
 another shot of this small flower on a weed. pachanza plantstudy weed dandelion yard 
 i wish i could go pick angelique up and smoke a bowl with her rn
 dl moody visiting spurgeon mr. spurgeon  ur a christian amp u smoke cigars spurgeon responds  mr. moody  ur a christian ampur fat tgc17
 @keithsny heard you and ron about your smoking. while watching pivotal game i saw you in background. the glow of your smoke gave you away.
 the monday greens  blended matcha with hemp milk  @vitalproteins  and @renewjuicery herbs  
 whats trump stance on marijuana 
  all this is  is a smoke screen   too cover up hillarys mess 
 why is it so fucking hard to get weed in h county
 lets listen to 90s music and smoke
  @twitter @billmaher @rollingstone @mmflint jews lead marijuana  studies. smart leaders way ahead of us wake up world
 me hi californian bruh you tried this cali weedits dank asfyou havent shmoked tillu shmoked this caliweed 
 i wish my bff would smoke with me because that right there would be the best day ever
 in 2014 @nytimes found even though blacks and whites use marijuana almost the same rates  blacks are 3.7 times more likely to be arrested.
 just had a guy deliver me in weed in yamaka on a motorcycle. your move  world.
 a flower never blooms if it holds onto the weeds below  speaks volumes
 could recreational marijuana help pay s.d. teachers  via @argusleader 
 @jaketapper @repadamschiff shiftyeyes schiff has nothing. and now the smoke is clearing.the dems r da 1s in collusion wrussia amp unmasking
 @reachoutmcd there are 2 of these within 20 of the entrance. for smokers please dont smoke what does it mean 
 @thedemocrats trump got nothing but smokescreens smokescreens nothing but smokescreens.dont get divert from  main issues. smokescreentrump
 wish i had some smoke or knew someone with a medical card so i could hit the dispensary here in michigan
 if she listen to black smurf she make her own money and smoke her own weed.
 i literally just got patted and searched up and down because these 3 white cops thought my black ass had weed andor weapons on me.
 i know he doesnt smoke but this is so @shadyjay1908 ..what do u think @thegamechasers @billythechode  
 but did you really smoke if you didnt post it on snapchat
 i will fucc around get the car took my gold took my money took my weed and my expensive purse and shit
 wish i had my own place so i could have a huge smoke sesh and watch the game 
 @brianrtowle holy smokes. ive heard a thousand stories about tim miles since i left the office this afternoon.
 my brother just smoked me in the chest with his wallet bc he thought the underarmor logo was a spider
 people really think that the video of a priest  rabbi amp an atheist smoking weed together is gunna solve the worlds problems
 @highlife216 kid cannabis
 if u got i smoke weed in your bio..............delete
 np dont pass trump the blunt  smoke dza
 lol just lol at anyone who trusted @wvgop to not try to kill medical marijuana. sb386 pathetic wvlegis
 np dont pass trump the blunt  smoke dza 
 @sophiaurista silouette throughthefire though the smoke ever present brings the heat 
 @purentrue1 @somanyidiots @seanhannity @saracarterdc @elilake @bv wheres the smoke... btw libs passing along the 
 literally am making my husband drive me in the rain just so we can smoke amp sing 
 more life  more everything free smoke 
 i wish people would stop asking me if i smoke
 @stephenasmith @firsttake are you dense or just ignorant to the subject weed could replace addictive amp lethal pain 
 i really wish i could sit back in my car   listen to the doors   and smoke a blunt or two .
 me she might have a bad liver lucas what does she smoke a lot
 what do u even smoke candy sticks
 this could be bigger than coffee  hemp the next wonder plant by myclub8  
 see you friday for the @raekwon meetandgreet at weedssouthvan   repost weedssouthvan with 
 someone ft me while i smoke 
 im high now  smoke deep within my lungs
 i am dying without attention or weed help
 kinda want to listen to them while under the influence of medical marijuana
 my opinion don matter u can smoke mango leaves for all i care
 house approves more restrictive amendment on medical marijuana  bill up for passage vote today. 
 some smokes never took art history 
 when you wish you could just smoke the pain away.
 black thoughts amp marijuana
 @cspanwj trump is under investigation  not because he is squeaky clean...if you dont see smoke  its because of the mirrors...believe me
 @tedtalks what if we wanted to host a marijuana ted at our festival how would we go about that cannabisfamilies  pot4parents 
 @cnnpolitics unmasking is just right wing spin. an attempt to put up a diversionary smoke screen to protect trump.
 10 a gram tax  for shitty govt grown weed  black market is going to thrive  more than ever cdnpoli onpoli  
 new shame on ok. maybe @mykafox amp i gave a 6 yr old a contact weed high but she snorted my blush on her own accord. 
 a fight over neg publicity  suboptimal weed amp govt interference stalls veteran research study into rx pot amp ptsd 
 i think its funny how you can tell regular smokers from the rest just by how they hold their hand
 house of delegates vote 9045 to approve medical marijuana legislation senate version of bill still awaiting appro 
 will this federal cannabis act pass  
 if i smoke weed twice a day  i can take zero instead of three klonopin. normally even a reduction in klonopin dosage leads to sicknesspanic
 hb1443 engross natalie m. laprade medical cannabis commission reform act 
 @hightimesmag you must admit that even the slightest hint at a crackdown and there will be a run on weed and hord 
 there is some serious smoke here that is going to lead to a big fire 
 happy nationalramennoodleday try our delicious ramen noodle bowl smoked pork belly  scallion  egg  sriracha  lemo 
 @johnkingcnn i understand exactly what @ambassadorrice a smoke screen  u might fall for this mess  we will not  its all about russia
 @johnkingcnn  @ambassadorrice u guys can fall for this smoke screen but we will not  the whole cabinet are liars  its about russiac
 @cnn @reluctantzealot @cillizzacnn a smokescreens 2 mask the russian smokescreens masking clinton taking votes from 
 today @txhealthplans medical director meeting  @3m and @googles verily. is this stateoftheart or smokeandmi 
 @tuckercarlson just a smokescreen to cover up obama treason
 i will not speak to you if you smoke cigarettes 
 maryland would allow 5 more licenses to grow medical marijuana under a measure approved by the house of delegates 
 paul  yes we must keep reminding. do not fall 4 dt smokescreens. hes the king of deflection. 
 only thing on my record is them misdemeanor weed charges which hasnt hindered me in any way
 its a smokescreen  msm needs to get back on russia  rand paul is a dick jerk  trumps playing like a fiddle  this ju 
 we are the marijuana outlaws... may the revolution begin
 vt pediatrician blaming big marijuana industry for increasing normalization vtpoli
 its cool  i guess. when my cannabis mastermind group comes together  well run the industry with our opinions.
 see @amercanex  makers of the 1st electronic trading platform for the cannabis industry  at booth 312 during cwcbe 
 i wish i had more girlfriends that would smoke with me
 my perception of social media and todays vote in kansascity animals and weed are better than infrastructure and poor neighborhoods.
 his smoke and mirrors is another desperate act on part of the trumps show. 
 trying to see exactly how people smoke dick  never really grasped that whole concept
 that same reasoning is why i wouldve preferred if marijuana was decriminalized as opposed to legalized.
 are pot and weed the same thing  @ricosuavepv11  greatest thing ive heard all day 
 holy smokes i cant wait to see transformers the last knight favmovies
 1216 left in 1st half hempfield leads cocalico 31 in ll girls lacrosse
 i inhale the smoke to enter the void.
 halftime at hempfield where knights lead cocalico 105 in ll girls lacrosse
 @scttnieman hell yeah boy took long enough. to la for weed sales right
 how about a city funded trip to colorado and see how they worked the whole weed sales deal
 so within the last hour ed ambrosino has been fired by the nassau county ida and resisted calls for hempstead supervisor for him to resign.
 the whole foxtrump unmasking smokescreen is transparent of course trump team was of intelligence interest. 
 eleven minutes left hempfield girls lacrosse leads cocalico 179
 @therealredman im a black ganja breeder  colorado  maker of funk dr.s pot amp noble nugz 
 i cant wait to stop smoking weed for a month bc my dr has to drug test me for adderall 
 final score in ll girls lacrosse hempfield 22 cocalico 11
 using toothpicks to hold you over til you get more hempwick justcleggthings
 my final took longer than i thought and i didnt have time to smoke before lab
 the devosprince family is going to be the ultimate downfall of trump  this is the smoke that leads to the gun tytlive
 you better be careful what you wish for in your rice smoke screen  she probably has the goods on you. fbi still loo 
 @jordansekulow @mariabartiromo @nro for goodness sake trump is a russian spy never happened in u.s. history. no smokescreens.
 @fedor420 we get it  you drank a wine cooler and smoked a roach  got the spins and threw up. yous a pussy my mans
 @brianlilley smokey is re runing for the 9th time as opseu president   he had to get some free air before the union sheep vote him in again
 im just tryna smoke and listen to music honestly
 wish i could find weed that doesnt make me tired
 @misssmyyya fr i be tweeting that im sad  whole time im sad my food got burnt or i smoked all my weed 
 @seanhannity @ambassadorrice @jaysekulow @judgejeanine i think youre a russian provocateur setting up smoke scree 
 watching @lexxay29 get weed for the first time in colorado was the cutest thing 
 my dad stepped out for a smoke so i decided to see how many games of @playhearthstone i could win before he got back. 2 372. new record. 
 pr220233 new medical marijuana consultations and patient referrals rulemaking approval resolution of 2017 
 listen to thru the smoke | jmo feat. 2nd sight | prod. by invaluable by jmo2times np on soundcloud 
 my roomate just asked me if i wanted to go smoke a cig everything was going so good up until this point 
 have you ever seen a more perfect elote everything i want in elote smokey  juicy and crunchy 
 if someone drives me to the bank ill smoke u down. serious inquiries only
 if you on brooklyn come smoke me out.
 and we hold court like mason perry oops i meant perry mason the weed got me dyslexic
 pussy  art  and weed.. my favorite things in the whole wide world 
 .@jaysekulow because this is what this is all about. its a smokescreen to keep the shredder in the on position unt 
 bro my weedman just gave me a menthol dutch im calling the police
 @markhoppus i got what you meant by sending me a black guy with a problem that i smoke
 youre getting deleted off my snapchat if i open your story and the first thing i see is you blowing smoke in the screen.
 supervisors give green light to cannabis registry  marijuana registry proposition64 santabarbaracounty
 @stonersalliance colorado weed better than cali weed 
 tensions among neighbors are on the rise in colorado. why homegrown marijuana  
 we have the best cannabis in the city and maybe even world hehe this right here was bout to be 
 cillizza trump just keeps creating smokescreens to mask his russia problem @cnnpolitics  this is why msm is a lie
 lets smoke some weed and eat some fruit together   romanticism at its finest
 nothing better than the ganja.
 h3505 new regarding the granting of licenses for the cultivation and sale of marijuana 
 i harvest blunts and hide them  just to smoke by myself 
 somebody ft me while i smoke ..
 gettin ready for school earlier than i was supposed was the best shit ever cause that meant i could smoke before the bus came 
 ppl who sc themselves blowing  smoke into the camera r so headass gtg
 @nfl @realjerryjones finally an owner supports removing marijuana from leagues banned substance list  cannabis is a neuron protector cte
 @bmblilnell smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @babydsavage smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 its time to remove marijuana from schedule i...big pharma is making record profits off the chronically ill. cancer patients need alternativ
 @sharashay smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @kaycemariee smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @taylorashlynw smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @djslyplanet smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @nineoh smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @rubenxocean smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @suzieesnow smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @supersaveyahhoe smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @sleepskee smoke gambino  parkway anthem offical video 
 @markhoppus i didnt know you wanted to smoke with me
 @markhoppus i didnt know you wanted to smoke with me
 @markhoppus i didnt do anything but started to smoke more
 its called marijuana. it manages the pain of life in general.
 to farmers  cannabis could mean much bigger bucks than tomatoes 
 wecantbefriendif we dont smoke week together
 you have joined the blowing smoke team 
 @nytnational the times both sidesism manifest. the kings of stoking smoke looking for fire.
 @andrewvastlik you want to lock up everyone who has ever smoked pot been publically intoxicated groped a woman c 
 msm figure out the substance amp issues of what youre covering. the real stories are behind the smoke amp mirrors. yo 
 agree sick of fake hearings that never put anyone in jail all smoke ampmirrors they are all in bed together maga 
 @twyofficial this is the first person i ever smoked with im screaminnngggg
 my truck has the best smell on the inside. oilair freshener weedcigscologne
 another dt smoke screen @maddow @gopleader @senjohnmccain @repadamschiff @chuckschumer @themuppets @nytimes @cnn 
 @ezraklein its not a controversy  it is a smokescreen. and you know it.
 why would you ever smoke
 franco harris played for both steelers and seahawks  endorses marijuana for football players @juliansotejm
 i let my black hair grow amp my weed smoke
 that and just overall music to listen to towards the night. things to ride and smoke to. vibe out. everything is a vibe.
 i just saw a video of someone putting weed in their nostril and lighting it..........................guess what race they were
 @starsandstripes @senjohnmccain there is no russia scandal  only smoke and mirrors by dems. but trump found leak. its from high up dems.
 @repadamschiff it will prove that all of this is a smokescreen to cover for trumps unhinged behavior. using govt a 
 ab345 new provides for the vacating of certain judgments of conviction relating to marijuana. bdr 14745 
 i wish it would stop raining so i could smoke my damn blunt bro
 how rufus manages humpday.  dogday @ oysterbay smokehouse 
 @joshmoon lets stick to legalizing marijuana and not prostitution  although it would lessen the ethics committees workload...
 @idiotdems i see youre spreading trump smokescreens like 
 if u still payin 300 for a zip in 2017 it better change the color of my hair when i smoke it
 all i do at this point in my semester is watch anime and smoke and wait till last minute to do all of my homework but its working for me
 @womenpatriots @senmajleader nothing to see here  no smoke  no fire  its all about the leakers rrrrri 
 how i assume my letters of rec will be after this semester every time we finally weeded ms. pasqua out she somehow clawed her way back in
 @ap smoke and mirrors..........nothing more than a distraction from trumprussiacollusion gorsuchnomination resist
 another smokescreen to deflect from trumprussia.  now lets see faux news spin this. will it get as much coverage 
 listen to ganja ft saint mark produced by brandon beats on the boards by delmar jfk  
 @katiecouric @repadamschiff exactly on point ...as always schiff cuts thru the smoke amp mirrors to focus on the big issues
 im not a crackhead but like can a bitch smoke some reefer and still get a job or
 new study may debunk one of the biggest marijuana...  @norcalstoner420
 wish i had friends to smoke with 
 @realdonaldtrump is using @ambassadorrice as a smoke screen dont fall for it susanrice
 the susan rice accusation is more smoke by trump.  lets hear about the russian connection  and its connection with the trump associates
 @mrdontrip have you heard money when the smoke clears by dominic simmonsgermani on soundcloud np 
 if my family had their own show it would be a mix of shameless amp weeds  it would be the greatest show ever produced
 everything is smoke amp mirrors
 omg ur so kewl i wish i could just smoke weed all day and not do anything productive w my life
 if i got my medical cannabis recommendation  why should they deny me a new kidney worthwhile read  @alysonrmartin
 @juddlegum another blatant liefor smokescreen purposes. when do we learn moretrumplies
 songs for your next sesh @magneticmag asked me what i listen to while consuming cannabis. five of my fave jams 
 this  susan rice thing maybe a smoke screen to cover up what obama and hillary are up to right now. i dont trust h 
 pensacolas first medical weed shop to open 
 pensacolas first medical weed shop to open 
 trumps been using smoke and mirrors is nothing new. where theres smoke  theres fire. focus on the russia connect 
 kinda like s gothic place b weedy comedy  im so entertaining im a distraction  tiny and always dancing n bouncing n tapping   spinning
 i wish i could smoke the same backwood all day 
 h3559 engross industrial hemp cultivation 
 dont forget the battle born politics up in smoke tour tonight. 7 p.m. at craft in reno. 
 @fxnusnews president trump will smoke you out   get you on the run and bring you to justice.
 i wish i could smoke cigs in the library
 h3159 new provides an appropriation for the university of florida  medical marijuana efficacy and safety eval... 
 really enjoying @mhintzesqs cle on ip in the cannabis industry so far iplspring
 aids   cbis subsidiary  cannabis science europe gmbh  acquires majority shares of german bio med ... 
 justice has confirmed that he will sign the medical marijuana bill...not exactly what we wanted  but i never thought we would get this far.
 sen ojeda speaking in favor. says medical marijuana could help people with ptsd.
 im just tryna get a cut  smoke ls amp record this song. sorry mikey
 this is why i smoke weed. im too uptight for situations like this
 fluta leads off inning with a smoked line ball into left. man on first 0 outs.santaromita up
 when im sick weed helps
 cant smoke no mids bihh thats bad for your health
 i took a break from weed for a year when trying to conceive my daughter
 over some weed get it together black men 
 we must not forget the actual story is trumprussia. doesnt matter what the manchild comes up with. its all smokeamp mirrors. trumplies
 dear @justintrudeau you admit using weed as mp yet jail those who do same thing until you legalize. you are ultimate hypocrite.  cdnpoli
 should i smoke in my bed for the first time ever no ones home to yell at me. will it air out
 mowing short may seem like a time saver but it will damage your grass amp weeds have a better chance to grow. lawn 
 people should not smoke if they gone act stupid omfg 
 @petmpodcast wish i was going to ft worth to watch smoke tame that dirt.
 win or lose  i just want to take a minute before tonight now that the smoke has cleared and 
 hell ya i smoke weed   w  help the community  e  feed the impoverished  e  avoid drugsalcohol  d  study the bible
 win 1 000 worth of cannabis accessories w @thedailyleaf pax  magical butter machine  more see entry details a 
 want a scorpio pendant and a weed leaf pendant.
 i seriously cannot fucking wait for colorado. working with weed is my dream
 i ordered 6 tenders at smokeeaters and my boy gave me 20 
 @gehrig38 @cernovich @dailycaller proof smoke screen  fellas 
 we sell fronto leaves  hemp paper unrefined shea butter  incense  handmade soap  aloe  and sage smudge sticks. all orders in person for now.
 do you really believe what gms are saying this time of year its all smoke and mirrors 
 am done.   funny story at the smoke shop today though.   well.    bang
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke 
 single family  smoke detector activation  meadow lawn cir new market disp e152  d15
 .@teambasilio in my first retweet  his bio noted he ran the green apple medical marijuana dispensary
 hillary clinton is the most hated woman in america  ivanka  actually a good person and fighting for womens rights clinton just blew smoke
 attention denver  co bud kushions will be debuting the worlds first marijuana budshaped 
 when you wish you could just smoke a fat l
 @senatorschickel @kymedassoc @boonecountyky need to get medical cannabis legalized the data has been here lets wake up ky
 my innocent child who believed the founder fathers smoked weed on a daily basics 
 whats the stature of limitations on selling weed because i have a story to tell.
 celtics got cracked. gucci not showing up for a show... boston took big ls today...... ya wcw still wear weave and smoke menthols though 
 attention denver  co bud kushions will be debuting the worlds first marijuana budshaped 
 whether i see them or not. every time we link up we smoke big  make big  and fw bad bitches  literalstatement
 i could leave it and have no cravings i cant control weed... is a different story 
 scored my favorite smokey robinson cut today at rookys... sf plur jasonnevermind thc 
 today was a really rough day. they raided the medical marijuana shop i manage at. destroyed everything and took it all.
 sign up to win 2 free tickets to the national cannabis festival  via @mycannx
 everyone asked if i smoked blacks  
   notmyheaven @ weed city 
 could never smoke 
 this boy @guyakimoto  went from analog smokes to digital @frygirl 
 @atl smokers lounge rather popular. suspect people pickingbup interesting new habit to pass time  help with caffeine withdrawal.
 @atlairport smokers lounge rather popular. suspect people pickingbup interesting new habit to pass time  help with caffeine withdrawal.
 wish i smoked so i could get high af rn and be in the meanest kush coma ever
 @wakaflocka thanks for telling us about the time you gave your grandma weed brownies  miss u lt3 
 stigmabase usca   should patients be denied organ transplants for using medical marijuana  hed been using 
 bruh i could smell the weed at the dispensary literally miles down the road 
 to smoke   or not to smoke   that is the question
 the answer is yes  smoke 
 putins pr chief has a smoke show of a daughter 
 putins pr chief has a smoke show of a daughter 
 study shows 1 billion people still smoke daily via @axios 
 @nytimes  trump just puts up smoke screens sick man
 sb567 new regulating controlled plants and noxious weeds establishing the controlled plant and noxious weed co... 
 a big weedoggie to runnerdudes fitness race trainers  ben johnson and pat adelman who are 
 grateful for weed every day  keeps me calm  and focused on the bigger picture
 if you 30 and still selling weed dont ever tell me you cant break a 20 fam....  everything about you is up for question now.
 i smoke a little weed  but my shit together though 
 i wish i could smoke  im about to have a damn anxiety attack .
 @fatcorey its just weed
 i gave this kid an 8th of weed for a nintendo 3ds xl. if u do the math. i came hella up.
 gave my girl a weed cookie amp she was trippin 
 nothing better to do than post a selfie i wish i could grow weed id love to take pictures of plants have a good da 
 i have nothing against marijuana but i wish it was legal so i didnt have to see a million post about how it should be legalized.........
 if you only feel in tune with nature due to you smoking weed outside  then youre as shallow as a dirty crusty ass kitty pool cunt
 denver has succeeded in marijuana implementation because every stakeholder has a seat at the table and every opinion is heard  kilroy
 medical marijuana will likely pass in wv but with the current amendments it will probably be controlled by big pharma.  what a shame.
 if i could smoke and sing on the express bus id never get off.
 the wide world of weed  
 bud kushions  the worlds first marijuana budshaped pillow  sewn amp grown in the 
 imagine if prison was filled with politicians and not poor poc who were caught selling weed
 gurella glue they best strand of weed out here...everything else swag
 the first time i bought weed ever was literally inside sugarloaf country club 
 bud kushions  the worlds first marijuana budshaped pillow  available in grape ape  sewn 
 sessions has so far ignored his request for a meeting to discuss marijuana issues. 
 reds prospect posts videos of himself doing cocaine and smoking weed on snapchat  @thejaxshow
 @theviewfromll2 does he truly believe what he says  or is he spinning and blowing smoke to distract i fear the former.
 attention denver  co bud kushions will be debuting the worlds first marijuana budshaped 
 @charlieroseshow no they dont need 2muddy the water is he crazy trump is a big smoke screen 2 lead by proclamations whats up with that
 @marguerd most people in the world dont know whats happening in liby  smoke n screen vision to the world.  dictator trick
 @marguerd  smoke n mirrors trick
 thingsiwontapologizefor not charging you if you do not qualify for getting a medical marijuana recommendation.
 came a long way from the weed game  20 stacks seats at the heat game wolfgang rebels 
 neospeak flynnagainamp greatest smokescreen oall time modstate  @gabecoker @ashleeowens 
 attention denver  co bud kushions will be debuting the worlds first marijuana budshaped 
 i could listen to the sample on free smoke all day.
 @patchybeardpapi same. i also really mess with passionfruit  free smoke  cant have everything  and lose you. this 
 attention denver  co bud kushions will be debuting the worlds first marijuana budshaped 
 eskimos have 100 words for snow. we have 200 words for marijuana. weed  grass  mary jane  pot  etc. whats your favorite nickname 
 @tudestiiino a joint  weed is the better stress relief
 interesting mussels. never seen them done with thyme and bay leaves and double smoked bacon. a bit unusual flavour.
 i wish i can go to colorado an grow weed with my niggas
 congratulations to lesley smoke amp nikita wawatie on winning the awben business grant httpst.cojah6ldatso 
 @shannanity my friend used to chew on straws when she wanted a smoke.
 omgeee you can shoot black smoke out of your truck u r the koolest person on earth
 lets smoke dank until the sun rises
 healthy friendships lead to healthy relationships   not sex amp smoke outs
 lord knows i wish i could smoke a fat ass sweet rn boyyyyyyyy.
 we smoke 100s in seconds when it rains
 heres the answers to the 10 most googled weed questions  via @@herbworthy
 i need to know the price of choca  coke and cannabis at any given time
 @lemang01 @gaypatriot @smod4real wish we could smoke the dems amp shmucky chucky schumer amp shifty schiff
 i love that my girl smokes because that means we can be high together
 attention denver  co bud kushions will be debuting the worlds first marijuana budshaped 
 @realdonaldtrump why would you hire jeff sessions he is an absolute moron. his opinion on weed something he knows nothing about is ignorant.
 with the boo thing finally got her to smoke amp now we off to fridays @kayylamariieee
 ppl with anemia can get medical marijuana.
 @chuckwoolery more smoke more mirrors more spin its not helping captain. if all else fails  deny  deny  deny a 
 game is to be sold not told. you selling dreams to these niggas for what weed
 yes weed 
 @cfammcan jonathan zaid at med cannabis conf to promote patient access to cannabis in a dignified manner stopthestigma medicalcannabis
 how tf did i lose all my weed
 who do not smoke whelp 
 bout to smoke this roach on my patio and enjoy the rain 
 all bernie wanted to do is legalize marijuana amp help college students  instead we get a carrot as president and wwl 
 jacksonvilles first marijuana dispensary begins to take shape 
 @carlmuhlstein robots. what is all this crybaby stuff anyway you should love marijuana. we are going to help you g 
 @carlmuhlstein you know you want that the same as the marijuana industry. distributors are like the mob. time for them to go.
 colorado has a plan to avoid a marijuana crackdown by president trump 
 @tonhe oh yeah.  and everything weve heard so far is easy conceptually.  but there are some weeds to get into.
 good luck amp blessings to 1 of my fav journalistsanchors ever @tamronhall cant wait to see whr u land amp watch your smoke  tamronhall
 my favorite boy and his friend smokey the pony. thoroughbred ottb @ middlesex township  butler 
 i wish they would legalize marijuana in ohio
 no. we smoke together  
 first thing my mom tells me today when she called is you better not think of using your degree in plant science to grow weed 
 forgot i didnt own a toaster so tried to make a toaster strudel in the oven. 60 burnt but luckily the icing hides the accents of smoke. 
 deadass just want to smoke and sip in a comfortable zone with dim lighting  jazzy tunes and good company tonight
 @communismkills @dontrumpeone nancy smokes too much pot.
 i wish we got paid to smoke  we would be millionaires by now 
 im prolly off weed an codeine
 wait its okay if i go to geology high though because geology is science  and science and weed together bc weed is a plant. 
 hf199 new a bill for an act relating to the compassionate use of medical cannabis act  reclassifying marijuana ... 
 true friendship right here not many i would weed for  donnascreations4u silhouette 
 hf198 new a bill for an act relating to the creation of the medical cannabis act and providing for criminal pen... 
 the girl that gave me my first kiss is now a lesbian. weed never changed teams on me 
 i took one quiz sober and got a 75. i took another quiz while blazed and got a 100. tell me again how weed is bad for you
 i wish i had friend who showed up at my door with weed 
 @zoerakaya your avi from a distance looks like your blowing smoke out your mouth
 you would think these racist  extremist trump supporters would want to legalize and industrialize marijuana. hemp makes stronger rope.
 cant get high if you smoke reggies 
 dominic why arent u replying  im tryna smoke 
 @freddyamazin @xoxonico marijuana.... alcohol has let me down a few times and given me too many ls
 ... natgeo   1455 miles to weed  california mountaintimezone milehighclub @ time zone change 
 @courtstevenson literally all i said was i didnt wanna smoke at that moment we could have when u came back so many different situations 
 let my black hair grow blowing weed smoke...
 read the post on @davidburkeprimes smoked rosemary manhattan here gtgt  ctcocktails 
 showgrow started with the belief that the cannabis industry deserves a better dispensary. thats why were here tod 
 one time i pulled my hat out of my purse at workampits knit and green but i saw these little chunks of green fuzz. it wasnt fuzz.it was weed
 @theonolurp you smoke leaves 
 goin to smoke wit the plug at sam houston and post up then ima be in the h tomorrow
 now where is gary johnson supposed to buy his weed this is bullshit bodegastrike
 now where is gary johnson supposed to buy his weed this is bullshit bodegastrike
 now where is gary johnson supposed to buy his weed this is bullshit bodegastrike
 i wish i had people to smoke with 
 @vireohealthny physician registering ny patients for medical marijuana cards call 516 6622246 or sign up live on 
 questions about marijuana drug counselors answering questions until 630. gtgtgt336 6801000 
 must have been one of the rejected minority applicants for medical marijuana dispensary. 
 @billiekaywwe   in far cry 3 i burned weed lots of it with a flamethrower  i burned 5  crops of weed
 ivi do smoke it wasnt me i had a dream to do a song with u to save the world man
 @ad31 u dont smoke though
 listen to smoke  sell out.mp3 by smoke np on soundcloud 
 now there is gary johnson supposed to be his weed this is bullshit bodegastrike
 now there is gary johnson supposed to be his weed this is bullshit bodegastrike
 we are in marijuana county grace
 why is it that wallstreet deceivesmanipulates america wout penalty but kids w marijuana are prosecuted @berniesanders @sistergiant
 listening to tb music  weed  everything
 why would a black person want to live in colorado unless he likes to smoke weed
 i still have the weed braydin gave me the night before he left us amp i still cant get myself to smoke it
 wish i could smoke sooooo fucking bad
 in my professional opinion as an occupational therapist  medical cannabis is a vital in managing symptoms of post concussion syndrome.
 free the weed president trump  for the best drysifter in the whole wide 
  didnt walk a mile for a carmel  found these classic cigerites comercials on you tube  and never smoked by the way
 me and babe r clingy af  we smoke @ the same time when we arnt  together so we can be baked @ the same time so 1 dont feel left out  
 i was listening to @vincentdonofrio on the talk show. i heard it in the wind  and he sent me smoke signals lol..jks 
 colorado weed 
 final from etown in ot. hempfield 57 etown 49 @jeffreinhart77 @lancastersports @hsdsportsscores
 the constitution was written on hemp paper but now its outlawed...our entire lives have been a lie
 @kathleenmadigan @thetrivagoguy @wimtilliams i can neither confirm or deny his use of weed. ive never smoked it with him. not my thing.
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  follow the wave
 @brianefallon @maggienyt @cnnmoney yet he still smoked you and hillary. you must be humiliated.
 when my iphone has a really good camera  time to smoke them terpenes  lets get that closeup 
 wow the rockets smoked that game big time tim hardaway jr was killing in the 4th...blew a 20p lead in the 4th 
 i wish weed was legalized literally everywhere the world would be a better place
 @cdzapolsky1 @hale4jesus @surfpicks me too. students were protesting then antifa came w shields  poles  smoke bombs and started destruction
 the 47th president bout to smoke weed in the oval hotbox
 couples who smoke together stay together 
 pick you color  texture and size  purchase at hemphills rugs amp carpets costa mesa  newport beach 
 pick you color  texture and size  purchase at hemphills rugs amp carpets costa mesa  newport beach 
 @kellyannepolls @potus yall want respect then quit fucking whiningspeaking out of both sides of your mouth using smoke amp mirrors gotcha
 @boatsofhoes yes maam u are correct that those are all sins.tbh marijuana does affect the way you act. it makes you high. not sober minded
 @cbcelestine444 pierres is i dont stir the pot  i smoke it
 my boyfriend and i was suppose to have a smoke session ft date  and that lil wanch put me on hold wtf 
 ltnoppagt weed dont inhale and you will become the next president
 i wish i was a rapper so i could just smoke weed  freestyle  and get money all day.
 i could just be high but i find that makeup amp weed r kinda similar to me. lmao
 that just put me in the worst fucking mood ever i need to smoke
 is this weed kosher
 does kellyanneconways skin begin to smoke as she gets close to a church asking for an exorcizing priest friend.
 people are smoking weed at shake shack what is this   kush shack  
 an hr ago i was thinking about how good pasta woulda tasted if i was high but then ann sent me a pic of me before marijuana and 10 lbs lol
 prolly grab me some smoke
 wisconsin senate could vote on marijuana extract bill 
 serious question who wants to smoke my bitchass out right now
 i wish i was still a weed smoker
 tryin to smoke and listen to this album when im off
 wish i could get a smoke break 
 s0176 new the edward o. hawkins and thomas c. slater medical marijuana act 
 chicken with no head how he run it now   stopped smoking weed i can run for miles
 hemp history  records of hemp farming go back 5000 years in china until 1883 hemp was worlds most important industry 
 hemp history  records of hemp farming go back 5000 years in china until 1883 hemp was worlds most important industry 
 do you smoke pot because weed be cute together
 go over your list and weed it out  there is an enemy within 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you start your morning  gas up to this
 @sarahksilverman just smoke a fatty. everything will work out fine
 @robgeorge @mta meanwhile  i smoked a cigarette on the way to subway and it showed up right on time.
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  
 michele sees dust bunny is that weed no its a dust bunny a weed bunny
 a n x t h e r  b x n g er  big sean  top 5 @ hempstead  new york town 
 i think i could smoke snoop under the table. willy might give a challenge but rest assured i could toast him too. drugs are all im good at
 gorsuch on grass where does trumps supreme court pick come down on marijuana @alternet 
 gorsuch on grass where does trumps supreme court pick come down on marijuana @alternet 
 please be aware that theres a lot of smoke amp mirrors within the fitness industry dont compare yourself to what 
 listen to bello  morning smoke prod. 1v by brianbello np on soundcloud 
 i wish i could smoke while i work i would never complain lol
 a marijuana consultant is now a candidates in the henderson mayoral race.  uh  i have some questions...
 i found a crusty ass roach in my wallet i was gonna try and smoke but it was too far gone
 boston  e21 has smoke showing at bx 1757
 class 53 of the georgia smoke divers is down to a count of 17 students out of 30 on the final 
 currently listening to an older patient tell us stories about the times he smoked weed with his son in amsterdam
 this weed legalization paper is about to be the best opinion piece ive ever written my teacher better love it
 should marijuana be decriminalized  regulated in wv experts speak for  against. your thoughts legislative looka 
 we got to speak at length about the strengths of elmlang without getting mired in the technical weeds. 
 @nytimes  they came after the muslims and i said nothing. then the press   nothing. then they came after my med. marijuana card. fascists
  if she would have wanted  to smoke that other joint last night 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you gas up light up to this
 press coverage of trumps racists amp white supremacists  smokescreen for corp misinfo machine behind his policies. 
 larry fitzgerald says players who know how testing works arent using common sense if they get caught using marijuana. superbowl
 everything you always wanted to know about the cannabis industry but were afraid to ask ft. @scveterans      
 @mnpdnashville just left airport amp down towards antioch looks like blue gray smoke billowing high enough that people r stoppin 2take pics
 episode 40  everything you always wanted to know about the cannabis industry but were afraid to ask   @scveterans   
 if clint smoked me out i can have two more of his toaster strudels  right cos its his fault i need em
 if you need weed in manhattan dude with the mixtapes got you
 i won the megamillions bigspender 4naire @ lucky news amp smoke shop 
 just had the craziest smoke sess 
 americas 6.7 billion marijuana habit  mapped  the washington post 
 i have the craziest dreams when i dont smoke.
 sf526 new palmer amaranth and other invasive noxious weeds elimination program authorization and appropriation 
 @rcafarc snowbird 10 smoke the departure from sainthubert with @the10jet and at11jet for the 
 meet the nuns who grow medical marijuana 
 and the smoke of their torment will rise for ever and ever. there will be no rest day or night for those  . . . 
 whooo hoo zach knows what happens when you spend 30 at cirrus smoke shop you spin and win 
 hb1204 new authorize the production and sale of industrial hemp. 
 watch a movie in the jacuzzi  smoke ls while you do me
 flashback friday to one of the few drives i smoked last saturday. fbf taylormade sldr 
 everyday i just dream about starting a hemp shop
 sb155 new enacting the cannabis compassion and care act. 
 lmfaoo called death  i heard all the cigarette smokers say the same thing how it makes your drunkness rise and you 
 no such thing as medical marijuana. i cant prescribe x mg of marijuana pill twice a day. wish people would stop using that phrase
 watching someone smoke or vape for the first time is so funny because you know exactly whats about to happen
 this beat deserves hennessy  a bad bitch  and a bag of weed  the holy trinity...
 @billmaher good big pharma got me with oxycodone at 300 mgsdaily. my weight was 110. you said  pot  and i stopped  have med cannabis. 
 listen to movin ft smokepurpp prod.ronnyj by lil pump np on soundcloud   
 @mathewisangry @musicmanmike its an obvious smoke scene 99.9 of the time  the new i have a black friend
 come learn more about potential career opportunities within central pas emerging medical marijuana industry. 
 if someone could smoke with me that would be great.
 i fed  clothed  and supplied niggas wit smoke.. u can neva call me broke or unloyal.. ion need no applause but bihh u know how im comin
 i wish i could be super indie and smoke cigarettes and post frilly lingerie pics showing off my edgy tattoos but i have parents who care
 i pass that weed like i study 
 all soundcloud rappers do is cheat  smoke  and watch anime. boop. uninterested.
 all soundcloud rappers do is cheat  smoke  and watch anime.
 @weswilliamsii i love the sunsets colors with the smoke in the air.
 halftime hempstead girls 26  wahlert 20. morgan krug leads hempstead with 11 points.
 8 0 lebanon  boys over hemp llhoops @andybrackets
 enjoying a smoked rosemary manhattan made tableside at david burke prime. lovemyjob @ david 
 @adelinea prob just smoke and chill
 kiera went to sleep and i wanted to fucking smoke
 we like tried to see who could smoke 2 marlboro red 100s the fastest some asshole i just overheard
 lil pump fuck your mother movinlisten to movin ft smokepurpp prod.ronnyj by lil pump np on soundcloud 
 @abbylee493 weeds is my all time favorite 
 bought some weed from the dispensary today called gorilla glue.... rip
 alas  the weeds have always been there  they were waiting for it to rain so the stem could reach the surface
 putin and his orange puppet dont want us to standwithukraine   that why there are so many smokescreens.
 wish i could smoke a post but na
 @shankwendy people who smoke weed smoke it everywhere and anywhere and color of skin is unimportant. just what potheads do.
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  if you gassing up  spark up to this 
  now registering patients for ny medical marijuana cards log on and have 
 @ihate1d2  i just asked tom. he said we had jeremiah weed that night. and i stopped sharing half way through. we didnt empty it though.
 bad i wish i could smoke in my room
 wish i had somebody to smoke with 
 if you ever drink or smoke ill lose faith in humanity. 
 @nytimes why is trump allowed to get away with this smoke and mirrors act
 its been written in these i am teachings that marijuana is evil amp blasphemes i feel that black magic amp fanaticism secretly inserted some of
 g i just found out i can smokeeeeee  on the clocccckkkkkkkk bitcchhhhh
 listen all i wana do is smoke with you
 smokin flocka u a jackass  all i smoke is gas 
 @livalil nothing will happen to him. needs to smoke up for any thc to be released
 i need some weed with my hennessy
 got hide hemphills rugs amp carpets does. name your size amp color combo 
 did you know that hemphills rugs amp carpets now accepts @americanexpress 
 that moment when your mom doesnt want to dope your grandma up on opioids and is curious of how marijuana could help
 i just gave my uncle all my weed 
 wish this weed could roll itself
 me when i woke up remembering i still had weed amp a extra dutch .. 
 music and weed will fix everything.
 ilost a whole pack of weed 
 wow  i really came home and smoked and fell my ass asleep hard amen
 a mouth full of smoke helps me see clearer
 really wish i could smoke
 you are doing it right when your ceo can be nominated for smokeshow of the week and she has taken the compan to the moon @ekanardini
 does cannabis help parkinsons disease  via @@herbworthy
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 post makes want to smoke stogs
 in honor of one of our favorite farmers amp pizza makers we made our smoked pepperon this week. we 
 in honor of one of our favorite farmers amp pizza makers we made our smoked pepperon this week. we 
 of course she sees nothing wrong with smoking k2  when have u ever heard someone admit they smoke k2
 @diegoobrahbrah .... what does that mean bud u want to smoke o no 
 lift kick jacked up blowing black smoke in a mack truck
 i gave takota the rest of my weed bc im such a nice friend amp she starts crying.... is this love
 @realdonaldtrump amen to that  let them put that in their pipe and smoke it  all of your supporters are proud of you  go trump train
 @brocktoon23 a rape that may or may not have happened that didnt involve players amp college student smoking weed. shut the whole thing down
  vibes julian marley lyrics opens minds to medical marijuana medicalmarijuana vibes openyourmind veterans ptsd
 @schultzdrew not with scoot amp @mindirae11 this weekend. i can still smell the stoogie smoke  though.
 posts the one time you smoke weed a week on your story bruhh im lowkey a stoner i swearrrr
 i wish i could smoke my mom out
 @gccstudentsec @wpialbasketball seton  aliquippa  washington are the same size as you guys. hempfield is has 8 wins. norwin has 7 wins 
 i wish i had someone to smoke with all the time
 sativa dream green  i would love to smoke this with you  
 wish i had friends that would smoke me out when im in need of a smoke out. weed is supposed to bring us together.
 dont let this weed hold you back from your full potential
 my favorite girl and i at our favorite place @ kimchi smoke barbecue 
 how many woman do i know here who smokeeat marijuana amp why seriously interested.  wishing polls could be anon cannabis weed marijuana
 @mjstocksdaliy this is ridiculous if your a medical marijuana patient youll always be positive. this proves nothing
 how many snaps that involve weed will @mulattomontana post on her story today
 they say mama u the best @ smoke rise  georgia 
 how you live without weed  serious question 
 so glad a fuckin state cop pulled me over  took my weed and gave me a 75 ticket fuck me hahahaha
 no mo shots for dp.. i smoke nigga
 smoke weed every time its a weekend or holidayyyyy  grown up dr. dre
 mini beef wellington wstout gravy. pairs wthe smokestack lightning imperial stout. pure savory goodness. 
 is it true if you dab all the time and dont smoke flower then if you smoke a lil dower you get ripped
 i wanna burn with my parents so bad. it would be the greatest smoke sesh ever.
 check out our hair on hide laser cut plaid design rug.  purchase at hemphills rugs amp carpets costa mesa newport be 
 love black and white rugs check out this hair on hide design. purchase at hemphills rugs amp carpets costa mesa new 
 wheres the weed at ft stockton
 im at charter township of hempfield in pa 
 i wish i didnt smoke weed tbh
 @smerconish trump will just move on to something even more heinous. its a distraction. smoke and mirrors. watch his tiny hands stealing
 this is happening. slr @ lil brown smoke shack 
 my tie dye crop top from etsy just arrived and it reeks of weed hahahah
 roasted brussels sprouts amp artichoke hearts tossed in smoked honey mustard garlic aioli....yes  
 what exactly is cannabis first of all  zack
 absolutely not @wfkars its a valid safety question just like car seats or inhome smoke alarms or even parental smoking
 @regibrittain stop with the weed use  youre unhinged.
 i went downstairs to get stationary to write letters then i saw that i had weed on my mantle so i got high...these letters are gonna rule.
 h8 that sams preggo bc now we cant smoke together 
 he lowkey got smokeddd  
 city of trees smokeout tonight 
 love the detailed stitching options on our hide rugs  hemphills rugs amp carpets 
 @slate its a smokescreen  he doesnt care about palestinians...
 i wish i had friends to smoke with 
 that moment when someone throws away your weed on accident but doesnt apologize...
 @operator1304 youre projecting your own problems on me. imagining words. no 1 can be illegal  they can do illegal things. ever smoked weed
 realized recently how akin hair artistry amp cannabis industries are in the awesome people they attract. cannabis girlswhosmoke
 @jasonrapert while i agree please never compare marijuana use to the worst dictator ever know.. poor straw man argument
 the world would be a better place if everyone smoked 
 unbelievable twisted history of democratic party amp so arrogant  two much weed damaged their noodles 
 mifflin up 4540 with 22 seconds left in the 4th against hempfield @mdrago59
 imagine a song not mentioning weed  money  or girls within the first 15 seconds
 wish i could have a friend pull up on me so we could smoke a blunt  thats all i really want to do rn
 you know i would smoke the whole world  bout ya
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you light up   spark up to this
 weed lies are the worst.  after your first year of using marijuana  you realize how nontoxic it really is compared to alcohol  cigarettes.
 @hersheys yall new candy smokeable 
 we should have smoked together  
 heres the deal ...  want to know what the worst case scenario for weed abuse is  its the stuff you dont do ...  the stuff in lieu of.
 but  tbh  i can speak to all the negatives of weed ... what there are.  it is mostly innocuous bullshit.  weed is a mainly nontoxic plant.
 graduate together drink together  @ wildwood smokehouse amp saloon 
 kaylen smokes a silver swisher 2017
 hibiscus powder does not belong on top of weed chocolate
 via @wral weed 101 nc hopes to learn new crop from colorado  
 he let me smoke had to give him five stars
 but it helps a lot if you never smoke. 
 the dj is wearing a shirt in harvard colors that says malia and on the bottom it says its okay we smoke too 
 if only alcohol or weed could cure sadness lol that would be cute
 my roommates in the living room n all im tryna do is smoke n spin some records my guy smh
 most people bring chips on a plane. @andreshortensi brings smoked maple salmon...
 i wish there was weed delivery
 i heard someone in new hampshire say they would smoke a 49
 @reboot2365 cannabis cant do that and also the withdrawals from fentanyl are so bad i have ptsd from detoxing off it so many times
 i spent the day with ganja and trance  and didnt think of trump 95 of the time. i look forward to bedtime and having bigly dreams.
 where is parker i want to smoke his weed
 this nigga steph smoked the game winning layup..
 people who only post close up pictures of weed on instagram have the worst opinions on anything ever
 steph just smoked a game winning layup 
 if u fw any drug other than weed we are not compatible
 wish i had my own place so i could smoke inside whenever
 i wish i had some weed up in my system..cause im bout 2 seconds away from just flippin out
 @punkdadey weed junkies are addicts. some functioning some not. i know tons of people addicted to weed who wont admit it
 i wish i had more weed
 i smoked and missed everything.
 @annieavenueee i wish i had some thing to smoke 
 holy smokes. @melissamccarthy as @seanspicer on @nbcsnl may be the greatest 7 min in the history of 
 bron smoke the game winning layup doe lolol 
 @johntory if t.o. council wants education on medical cannabis we are here to help  world class educators available 
 scanner smell smoke in oakwood apt 200 e on east johnson avenue.
 @bigmikeinaustin indeed. these days  i think way too much emphasis is placed on substance abuse when it is typically just weed.
 1221 hemple dr  rosenberg  tx 77471  214 900 4 beds  2.5 baths 
 trump using smoke and mirrors to disguise enactment of his evil policies  no transparency. good morning 
 who whipping breakfast   i got ganja
 i need some marijuana amp i shall recieve some within the next hours.
 i got ls on my record weed on the vinyl keys open doors when the keys are albino now knock in my door when my stars 
 jeff sessions supported the kkk until he heard they believed in marijuana.. is this the guy yall want as our ag not me 
 is there anyone males left out there that doesnt smoke  geesh
 you wish you could smoke like me
 them shits was sitting right in the nigga backyard in the same pots in everything but all the weed was plucked  but she got her plants back
 i wish i could smoke 
 all hillary had to do was sat im legalizing marijuana and she woulda got my vote lol
 i just had a 12 hour dream where all i did was smoke weed with @wizkhalifa
 rip to all the roaches and clips i stashed in my car bc my stepdad took them and most likely smoked them
 nashvilles only... walkthru  drivethru  delivery savory smoked meatstaurant. happy 
 but in reality i didnt smoke any  i better not be getting sick
 @sopandeb @jdickerson its all smoke and mirrors. look left  fake right. garble words and meanings. send out dog whistles. then disappear.
 i hoping that president trump brings law and order the respect due to our police.change judges. weed out obama trouble makers outof govt.
 i showed my mom a pic of ethan amp i amp she said we looked stoned amp then gave me a 30 min talk about what she would do if i ever smoked
 sb788 new natalie m. laprade medical cannabis commission  medical cannabis grower licenses 
 heres why you should be discussing medical marijuana during the super bowl   showgrow 
 on 12 im handing out free smoke. 
 im handing out free smoke though. 
 fund candidates who fight obstructionists to marijuana legalization httpst.coz7npkgzpns @bigmikeadvanced 
 did i mention wavors for sodas an weed ciggerets stating u use this we cant go to space world secrets reviled
 man i wish i wasnt sick so i could smoke this bleezzzyyyy
 @jddell15 but the smoke shack...
 whenever i tell my pops im sick he responds with stop smoking weed. i could have a broken leg and hell tell stop chiefing
 couples that face time and smoke together stay together longer 
 painted for 12 hours  finished four pieces  smoked a pack and a half  and grew one gray hair all in one night
 @gehrig38 saw snapchats of your son partying and smoking weed the other night. great parent
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  
 diplomacy at its best.potus says what he sees.no smoke or mirrors.americans elected a crusader for truth and integr 
 for those who didnt see  shapovalov was broken in the third set and out of frustration  hit a ball which smoked the umpire in the left eye
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke
 @jocelynboslyn @juanabanana27 bihhhhh this is us when we smoke together lmfaooo 
 one dems whi can see thtough all the smoke and mirtors 
 chiefs qb len dawson enjoying a smoke and a fresca at halftime of super bowl i in 1967 at the la coliseum. chiefs l 
 my favorite smoked mussels and saltines @woodsmantavern @ the woodsman tavern 
 mid smoke sesh  coughs   man i cant fw stephanies weed. this shit be killing me  
 what the hell is super bowl nerves and is medical marijuana used to treat it
 but thats when the hornet stung me and i had a serious dream with revenge and doubt tonight  we smoked them out
 @chiamorgan no. this was a smokescreen to cover some of the recent news
 one time we put the weed in the black n mild i came home wrote myself a letter like dont ever smoke again then went to sleep lmaoo
 a cpl that smokes together stays together  
 im waiting till halftime to smoke. cuz i wont be paying attention to gaga
 this girl is literally jade gullery if she had black hair  a lip piercing  and smoked cigarettes. 
 @artiemacfarley @msaccountabilit  ho hum  now you know the trumps do not drink  do drugs or smoke....liar
 mando to smoke during halftime lol
 halftime weed cut 
 i wish weed didnt make you smell.
 are martha and snoop a thing or do they just smoke weed together
 @tmobile just hinted weed several times allthatandabagof
 you cant be serious. chrissy is a smokeshow 
 exactly why they need to smoke they ass 
 science is just a story written by some old conspiracists on the weed drugs 
 holy smokes i had to put on half the clothes in my suitcase and shove cds in my four jackets 
 wtf i didnt smell like smoke till i took my hair out of a bun 
 does seem like there is a corelation of legal marijuana and winning the super bowl @cannabist @grasshoppervape @terrapincare  @patriots
 brady definitely smoke blacks no other way. brady took a hit of that 79 cent jazz at half time.
 all i smoke is swisher
 smh wish i could smoke
 i have a question for my followers that never really smoke before.
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you gas up  light up to this 
 and ill smoke to that win
 eyes low  blowing smoke  need a driver man even though its against the rules  let me smoke man
 i want to smoke and listen to them
 yes all i do is smoke
 bill maher quote of the show  ive got to cut down on the weed.
 who has some smoke
 @orejon26 ok but yall would always send me pics and ask me to smoke when i stopped 
 my biggest pet peeve okay nothing to the people that smoke weed and all that but listen
 @kadenkillpack the only weed i would grow is actual weeds. not cannabis.
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  fire up to this
 now if only my dumbass could find the weed i hid before i left for cali
 if i cant smoke to it i dont listen to it 
 an underdog  married to a foreign smokeshow surprises everyone with a come from behind win...have you heard this story before merica
 lmao no  we can smoke together 
 karina works at a dispensary and always has good weeddabs she knew i had cramps and has me on dabs 
 i swear smoking weed helps you lose weight. lol
 i swear i told everybody that came into smoke shack that the patriots were gunna win
  i just woke up to find myself in dire need of a smoke. sb51 eats at me idk may be the last one for me.
 i dont smoke weed to escape reality  i smoke weed to enjoy reality even more.
 smoking weed under star projectors i guess well never know what harvard gets us
 when they say you choose weed over me but it was always a one sided friendship  i mean i know i was a good ass fr 
 been using cannabis balm to heal my new tattoo...so far its worked wonderfully 
 jaz just made a pipe out of a wattle bottle and candy bc we had nothin to smoke out of 
 wish i could smoke rn
 i woke up about 4 am remembering @barackobama smoked cigarettes when he first was in office  and made me smile.... nothing about trump does
 i would never smoke
 im at brunch at this upscale restaurant and deadass me and my waiter spent 10 minutes talking about weed
 sb800 new natalie m. laprade medical cannabis commission  medical cannabis grower licenses  review of applica... 
 playing catchup on marijuana  via @harvard
 will smoke out 4 braids
 i have often told my students that engineering requires smoke and mirrors.  sww17 brings to the stage how to design illusions for magicians
 i smoke and still run a 1930 minute mile its all mental
 broooo im crying they made a weed leaf out of rillo wrappers  decor hgtv modernart 
 1111 my wish is this mfr would shut up talking so i can go smoke. shutup mondaymeeting pppbbbt
 friends that look crusty and smoke together on facetime  stay together  @jessicahayes20 
 h0207 new an act relating to therapeutic use of marijuana for relieving symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder 
 @thatguyaj i cant smoke in my casa though 
 the constitution was written on paper made from weed
 wish i could still smoke.  sometimes i just need to relax.
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke and i sweat to much on the regular
 wish i could smoke cigars at work.
 some doctors think medical marijuana could be an effective autism treatment  via @wfla autism medicalcannabis cbd
 ahh yes  all the hipsters have returned to smoke in front of the sac once again
 sb5732 new concerning funding of industrial hemp research. 
 i still cant at oomf lying about being high and then googling weed pics to post 
 homeboy went and googled weed and tweeted some 1080 quality pic like he aint have an android. i wanted to cry 
 yes our  jails are overcrowded decriminalization of marijuana  @maryfallin
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud   
 this smoke shop has everything 40  ah
 a neurobiologist says medical marijuana could solve the us opioid abuse crisis  
 green smoke to black  @ williamsburg  brooklyn 
 @wizkhalifa lets move past weed and start rapping about the constitution or will that end left music industry backing
 @pizzamandans yes but can i smoke marijuana out of it 
 @shaunking @nydailynews what is racist there whether it was a white guy or black guy they could be a demon hiding in the weeds which is
 he smokes blacks. 
 florida department of health holds first medicinal marijuana workshop in jacksonville 
 all i want to do is smoke though. keeping it treal.
 david is literally talking to us about weed in orgo lab
 @marialyn no prob smoke it up
 @e40 how do you feel about releasing a drink within the cannabis industry got an sickwidit @rjizzle707
 @mdfldeplorable snowflake when they would burn the jews and the ashes would come out the smoke stacks.  ur copying bannons racist slur.
 @cnnpolitics @cnn what the heck ever. he tells it like it is. he isnt a smoke and mirror politician that we are all sick of
 florida department of health holds first medicinal marijuana workshop in jacksonville  by @jaxdotcom florida policy
 @gailjohnsonwork @cbcstephenquinn the ramenman in the west end has a vegetarian ramen made from smoked kombu and shiitake mushrooms
 hnstly  im starting to think that djt isnt even in control of his twitter. smoke screen. bannon is using in war against other 3 branches
 who has weed
 i wish there was a way that you could verify you dont smoke so you dont have to see any of those disgusting antismoking commercials on tv
 a neurobiologist says medical marijuana could solve the us opioid abuse crisis  
 renewed my medical marijuana card and told the doctor that my preexisting condition was donald trump as president. he laughed  i laughed
 where the weed at brooklyn
 all i do is study and smoke
 lets bring the smokehouse some awards this year. vote for us in the @buckshappening today  buckshappening
 @donlemon  nothing but smoke amp mirrors..what about the economy  raising the min. wage..where is his trump care..all shit  no substance.
 interesting how congress is getting serious about cannabis amid white house uncertainty  via @aliciawallace
 who has weed
 wish k would just smoke 
 hb2430 new marijuana health warnings 
 i mean i could walk to the gas station so i could smoke again 
 @alexislininger i fw weeds one of my favorite shows fs
 the beginning of the memory pool. 100 soy candles  no black smoke or black soot. soy candles 
 @profshroomish at least its smoke doesnt look like it was animated by a 4th grader anymore or else itd lose aesthetic appeal too
 visiting my first medical marijuana dispensary. for work. 
 visiting my first medical marijuana dispensary. for work. california 
 sf205 new a bill for an act relating to the medical cannabis act  reclassifying marijuana  including tetrahydro... 
 you outgrow so many people because as you grow older you realize the toxic weeds in your life.
 someone smokes in any anime ever me
 @hurricanered @midnight weeds get picked. sorry u r a beautiful flower. blossom
 if you like animal pattern carpet and rugs  hemphills rugs amp carpets has the largest selection including custom options.
 if you like animal pattern carpet and rugs  hemphills rugs amp carpets has the largest selection including custom op 
 i follow alot of randoms who smoke i wish i could have a smoke sesh with each one of them.
 wish i could just leave texas and go to a place where i could camp and see stars and mountains and oh legal weed
 its no way im eating the  of a woman who smoke blacks.
 i hate wearing my hair in a bun but its clutch when i smoke
 the only thing that would make this bath better would be weed
 a plume of smoke rises from the twixtset run the jewels crowd 
 wish i had a j to smoke for this playlist.
 @stormkingvapes i heard wi is gonna try 4 medical marijuana
 unpopular opinion the smell of smoke is a turn off
 cory baxter really be rapping about hoes and weed now  so awkward.
 so to kush21 @kush21wa for having me spin at their premium recreation cannabis dispensary in 
 the ops took my weed 
 if theres no health hazards from using the candle you have beside you to light your hempwick pipe smoking is suddenly changed forever
 indeed agreed  proceed to smoke weed
 @kamdaddy dragon has been fighting the world gov luffys whole lufe and saved him from smoker he is way better already lol
 @reallucasneff dude  there is no way i could smoke enough kush to even hear the peeresidents voice for more the 15 seconds at best
 wish i had more weed
 finally our dinner date at momofuku i ordered the pork ramen and darren had the smoked pork 
 i wish i could smoke rn 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you spark up  play this track
 mmj can treat pets  as they have cannabis receptors as well. 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 differentiation of marijuana headspace volatiles from other plants and hemp products using cmv coupled to gcms 
 today  i and dr. judy schaechter will testify at the medical marijuana rulemaking public hearing. childprotective guidance crucial.
 . @realdonaldtrump dont be shocked when jeffsessions as ag turns on marijuana users  violates peoples liberty over a plant god gave us.
 i had a dream where i just kept answering melissa etheridge to the question who smokes weed
 @realdonaldtrump apples amp kumquats your insane rant is nothing more than smoke amp mirrors that only your followers believe. usurperinchief
 just had an epiphany i need a shot of hennessy. two shots for those who envy me. im about to smoke this christmas tree
 im at broward county health department for an amendment 2 rule making workshop. any questions about med marijuana or dispensaries @wlrn
 even promarijuana lobbying groups are against youth marijuana use.  dr. robert dupont cadcaforum
 thanks to @mraonbig for the 3 day windy city smokeout tickets. and its in my birthday month 
 hes not a crackhead he just smokes crack.
 i smoke that loud that made r kelly think he could fly 
 wish i could smoke
 5 looking back  though  im thankful for tucker being written out  cuz mike epps dayday was infinitely funnier than tuckers smokey  end
 senate lays over literally everything until tomorrow. so no delta9 thc hemp bill  and no speechoncampus debate. coleg
 how to pass the time during work...put on a little evolution  eyes wide open and smoke amp fire by sab on shuffle. @sabrinaannlynn
 to the aggressively woke  everything is a distraction or fakeout or smokescreen starting to think you fuckers are pay ops
 is this guys tinder pic really a giant bag of weed 
 listen to movin ft smokepurpp prod.ronnyj by lil pump np on soundcloud 
 i admit im a marijuana junkie 
 jake  kip amp lee headlining festival well be drunkest  fullest at  windy city smokeout @wcsmokeout 
 my professor has spent 3 of our 4 classes so far talking about the legalization of marijuana and its benefits..
 no one should lose they life over some weed
 there is something big on fire on 10th street. first pic is smoke  second im assuming is water vapor. 
 hamilton police bust another medical marijuana dispensary.  hamont 
 @lisa0606 this is the last i heard about the slow process of marijuana being studied for veterans with ptsd.  
 ive thought enough about trump for the day. now i just want ganja and listen to progressive deep house. maybe some reggae.
 take weed out of some of your friendships and tell me what youd have left in common
 hb410 new increase funding for noxious weed trust fund 
 @wtae @beauwtae to give you an idea  penn hills has police and has about 9m budgeted for police in 2017. hempfield twp uses state police
 @wtae @beauwtae coverage and with roughly same 43k population  the new state tax proposed today would only cost hempfield about 1m
 @willywill4twooh @telebusiness our preference too. there are ways to isolate chemicals in cannabis though that could treat specific ailments
 those who smoke together stay together i love you baby 
 i will smoke u down an l if you take me to woodland mall notplaying
 this bihh smoked all my weed 
 @elchucotx @joshobjects @jaketapper @cbrennansports time to weed out hate and bern out the trump 
 happy birthday joe i wish we coulda smoked together at least once before i left @christhisd 
 half the time i cant tell ifits skunk or weed i smell when driving down the highway
 colorado puts new focus on worker safety in cannabis industry  
 colorado legalizes marijuana  broncos win super bowl. massachusetts legalizes and pats win sb. coincidence
 you smoked recycled 
 colorado legalizes marijuana  broncos win superbowl. massachusetts legalizes and pats win sb. coincidence
 @mayoroflasvegas sf has made city college free to all residents regardless of income las vegas should follow suit using marijuana revenue
 hanover news just ran a story how cannabis treats are good for your pets. so thats cool.
 definitely took a moment to smoke outside today
 tucker tigers 2017 tennis   growling  growing  @ smokerise bath and racquet 
 have you heard were now using kygrown hemp 
 ramen noodles  smoked pork loin  curry broth  acorn squash  carrots  mushrooms and soft boiled egg.. best with our 
 meanwhile in house agriculture  another attempt to update the ks noxious weed act is underway. ksleg
 who tryina smoke a l
 i need to smoke this black
 achievement unlocked magic smoke omgrobots
 all those times we stayed in. the way the smoke would fill the room  and wed be dancing in the clouds  like we had nothing to lose.
 major weed post 
 saul smoked all the wax and i was lowkey soooooo butthurt
 unc real after he beat his ass he gave em some dust to get some smoke 
 darren refuses to smoke out of my elephant bowl bc it made him puke the first time he ripped off of it 
 out smokin the lead smoker
 well this is an interesting smoke. 
 comin home to my weed 
 @m0rninggl0ry do what you like. smoke a blunt  listen to your favorite song  watch videos of puppies.
 sitting in the food city parking lot..guy is standing out in the open smoking weed using a bowl..then proceeds to walk his leashed pet goat
 i know lol im a medical marijuana patient so i get no help from the medical community lol 
 new ordinance getting first reading tonight about noxious weeds and invasive plants. its been nicknamed the bamboo ordinance. bethlehem
 smoke hickory amp white oak wood floors at hemphills rugs amp carpets 
 exactly why i dont smoke  
 best smells fresh cut hay diesel race fuel fire smoke
 medical cannabis sponsor encouraged by conservative group poll 
 a couple that smokes together  conquers together @rodmsmith
 im shocked that i actually agree with @danarohrabachers views on marijuana. prob nothing else  but who knows cspan
 @kehlani im buying your meet and greet tickets lol am i allowed to bring you flowers and stuffed animals smoke a blunt together
 how much weed has jill stein smoked
 demarques took all the smoke from my house 
 sb6 engross industrial hemp research rules 
 xray results came back fr. my dr and i have a case of muscle spasms in my neck. i guess there goes any chance of me getting a marijuana card
 your final from jpm hempfield 59 mccaskey 46
 even though i hate to admit it  sometimes i smoke cigarettes. the christian folks say i should quit it  i just smile and say god bless. 
 i could stress myself out abt how shitty my day was today or i could smoke this bowl lmao ill take the latter ty bby jesus
 so we went to go check out the smoke shack in south tampa and we were not disappointed at all. 
 i wanted tacos and she wanted bbq. smokeshacktampa came thru in the clutch and had this pulled 
 thinking smoked brisket  baked beans and potato salad for thursday.  back to the roots after this fancy pancy mussel pasta stuff
 home after 7 in denver. stash is dry walkingdistance shops are closed. first world weed problems.
 @thetrumptrain his social regime went up in smoke by dems peoples
 we all came together to donate smoke detectors in the neighborhood where one of our students loss his life in a fir 
 @ryanatfield trump has never taken a firm position on cannabis over the years.  doubt rigid enforcement anywhere in us is on his mind
 @jordanrolufs @jesserolufs they may not know exactly how far into the weeds i can go....
 @cnn @sensanders @tedcruz thank you panel. cruz has offered zero. hes a smoke screen. bernie is solving everything.
 ifihad3wishes i would have more weed than i can smoke in a life time  world peace  and @missmusemfc would say i do 
 @maddowblog  gimme a break next time pocahontas @senwarren is using smoke signals
 wish i had some weed to smoke while i watch how high 
 @pronounceding 2 out of every 3 smokers does not die from a smoking related illness  actual mike pence quote.
 @shananigans you cant smoke ramen noodles youre so funny and relatable ha
 contaminated medical marijuana believed to have killed cancer patient 10tv 
 1200 usd for 14 days trekking from lukla to base camp which stands 11 300 ft above sea level. good thing i never smoked exciting times.
 when me and leah arent together we just smoke together on facetime 
 caffeine and weed man  a poor mans speedball
 yes please post another snapchat story of you blowing blunt smoke into the camera
 @ananavarro i still cant stand when questions arent answered and a diatribe follows of rehearsed smoke amp mirrors.
 @tobaccofreein lets up the funding to cessation. quitting is hard. im a smoker and i know its bad. 35m helps...
 @loudweeddaily i vote for smoke more. oh wait this isnt a poll i still want to vote 4 smoke more.
 would it be fucked up to smoke a spliff w tea leaves as opposed to tobacco 
 h8 when yacer smokes my roaches  keeeep ya paws off my night time meds 
 @senwarren is all done in 2018.  curt schilling @gehrig38 will smoke your senate seat with a fastball.  boston love 
 both..rather smoke though 
 i need weed though
 couple that smokes weed together stays together 
 half ounce of weed  good food  good vibes at an aesthetically pleasing venue...if its the first date....secks 
 in the book dune everything had spice in it. in my life everything has weed in it. 
 listen to movin ft smokepurpp prod.ronnyj by lil pump np on soundcloud 
 she could always send smoke signals letlizspeak
 @yojudenz we have aircraft that will smoke their fucking muslim asses  i think u r delusional u see  n america were a mean assed bunch.
 aint enough smoke in the world to help me ease my stress
 why i wish i could smoke while in the army 
 45 minutes after we lose the am i find out my teammate was baked on 2 pounds of weed.
 wish i could smoke a blunt with @jake34047477
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 @transit22 what was first track you did with geeze in brooklyn something about weed and laser tag
 so yourself a favor and smoke a blunt and listen to dana williams covers
 warren is just another smoke blowing libtard...when will they grow up 
 i wish i had someone who would be down to smoke with me at all hours of the night.
 listen to get smoked by ruck ration np on soundcloud 
 @9eyedeel more specifically deception  smoke and mirrors to distract attention away from issues of substance
 but i could smoke on the way
 letlizspeak but she must honor her native american heritage by using smoke signals
 just saw a healthy amount of white smoke come out of the left engine on dl227 to slc. everything seems to be fine now...
 had a dream i was riding around in a big truck with @wweromanreigns and we got pulled over and there was a ton of weed in the backseat.
 standing room only for office of compassionate use workshop on medical marijuana in tampa 
 @senwarren is all done in 2018.  curt schilling @gehrig38 will smoke your senate seat with a fastball.  boston love 
 mother at mic says her doc too fearful to order medical marijuana under amendment 2 for her son.
 dictator trump using his smoke and mirrors routing right now to sway attention away from his mess  like the standi 
 sdda plant industry staff amp county weed supervisors answer weed questions @ the watertown farm show. bob feldhus  h 
 an hour into compassionate use amendment 2 workshop in tampa and still no dissenters to medical marijuana.
 she love it when we get together smoke a lil weed but her shxt together
 how do you smoke pot a real life question my french teach asked
 dr. mark hashim says one of first docs approved for med marijuana in florida. has had patients die waiting for approval.
 smoke weed like a crackhead
 elizabeth warren will have to resort to smoke signals to spew her poison.
 @gdpenman so how did you come up with the concept of smoke city
 the same kid has asked the same  question about weed legalization every class
 hundreds speak out on medical marijuana  and they dont like the rules 
 ddt  leaded gasoline  second hand smoke. do you know why theyre dangerous thank the epa. sciencematters 
 @deplorablemelis you can be sure lieawatha warren will be trying to send smoke signals and throwing spit balls while in time out.
 ironically weed helps u lose weight
 ik  wish weed was too 
 ashley kilroy medical marijuana patients can have up to two ounces on them. is that okay to allow for social use
 aubrey lavizzo im a medical user and if we prohibit medical marijuana  then i cant go into the venues.
 some prick told me smoking aint cute  so i picked up my bag of weed and smoked the whole way home. silly prick 
 anatomy professor just told us all that we should be using marijuana
 @thatarabguy fr bro and i will be a weed plant
 @realdonaldtrump hemp has so many different uses besides smoking from clothing to fuel to oil for cooking this is a crop that could save us
 all im saying is i bought weed from a gay kid my entire sophomore year and he never ran out of baggies it was refre 
 i feel like rapping. next time i smoke we gettin on the instrumentals
 .@daylinleach on abortion bill how can we pass sb3 wo having hearings we had 6 hearings on my medical marijuana bill before enactment
 woke up wanting to smoke a whole pack while listening too the story so far until i pass out again
 @mmflint maybe she can speak in her native tongue or smoke signals. 
 arizona could be new testing ground for hemp  via @azcentral good @arizonanorml @mikelweisser @norml @momforceaz
 listen to loud pack zoe slym zoe black ft y.t smokeone  at onbeat studios by mryt561 np on soundcloud 
 what i learned in psych today  if u took gummie vitamins as a kid  u are 2x as likely to smoke weed or abuse other drugs.  whelp 
 my weed has been blessed by a rabbi  has yours
 d.c. has a new weed delivery service  and it wants to connect you with nature. 
 im at smokes 4 less in pleasant valley  ny 
 @realdonaldtrump properly weeding out the evil is not racist just ask anyone who serves trying to locate enemy using civilian pop as cover
 when she says i only fw guys that smoke. @fatlipbastard 
 so pocahontas warren is sending up smoke signals and doin the liberal rain dance since some one made her shut up
 im thrilled that my favorite anime  ginga nagareboshi gin amp ginga densetsu weed are getting so much attention.  
 @braddjaffy @johnjharwood nordstrom not running charity function this is a trump smoke amp mirrors strategy  whats trump really up to
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
  smoke sum yung bull dm me  @ pittsburgh  pennsylvania 
 wpial rifle 3rd place team amp section 3 champs hempfield  @hasdathletics 79965x featuring two 10010xs by 
 support the local upstart cigarette companies and smoke your president does it so how bad can it be
 getting smoke in your eye is the worst fr
 i lost my wallet on the bus and i had weed in there
 i wish i had more gfs in alaska that smoked
 didnt get to eat  nor put my laundry away  nor smoke  nor braid my hair. never felt like a bigger failure tbh
 fuck loudoun county worst people worst weed 
 wish i could smoke at the park in peace 
 @walgreenscvs im sayin not enough doobage smoke in the world
 have you stopped by the pharmacy lately  search us on weedmaps and let us know how your visit was  lt3 
 girls smoke with their crush for the first time and will be cheeeeeeesy the whole night 
 colorados economy is strong  without weed. 
 @wokieleaks1 i literally never saw any smack against the obama girls except the pic of malia smoking weed
 we will never forgive you we all miss you longlivejonathan jworld i will c you when i get there we will smoke a bl 
 woman im prescribed four drugs  including oxy  and i medicate with marijuana because what kind of mom would i be if i took all those.
 @senwarren @senatorsessions @senatemajldr @youtube warten is a complete disgrace and needs some serious mental help smokeahontas
 dr. jospeh rosado every one of my 50 patients has had problems getting medical marijuana. sometimes lasting 40 day 
 cant smoke so i gave my rig away
 check out this webinar the rise of the cannabis industry  cannabis industry
 always smoke the roach
 lmao wish i could smoke with my mommy 
 when i was growing up my only hero was the weed man  savvy sossa   seasonedsossa   shoutout 
 @jacobtyslicki the marijuana leaf
 a quote from tv trump is a lost ball in high weeds. love it
 i need to smokeeeeee
 big bro just gave me some weed 
 two types of christians omg jax just went in the weeds wjctthread
 omg yes. you had a c bc you was smoking weed 
 @tmblnknshp note to all my 16 year old followers stay in school  dont do the weed and listen to blink 182 or something
 i wish i could be high af and i barely smoke
 the words pharmaceutical and cannabis should never be used in the same sentence. leave our plants alone pharma is 
 why is sessions racist again heard he just made a joke to a blk aide about liked the klan till i heard they smoke weed. dumb. racist idk
 bitch and he smoke  star 
 @tenhen26 i like edgy boys with man buns that smoke weed  play guitar  and compliment my smile
 @jameswanless good smokescreen to direct attention away from their privacy act violation  tho
 i have to listen to this if i smoke 
 da bluff amp bankhead got the weed in da city
 wish i could afford weed before friday
 protesting trump. all  yarmulkes are weed out hate yarmulkes order now.
 protesting trump. all  yarmulkes are weed out hate yarmulkes order now.
 did you know you could upcycle hemp string into friendship bracelets 
 i just wanted to smoke a blunt
 aaa weed from sf 
 in a gray world  a bag of weed makes everything green 
 @mekdaddy i wish mfs could smoke long distance 
 ganja  ganja everywhere but indias getting high on a lot more  uncategorized 
 what will be ag jeff sessions first move on marijuana  via @aliciawallace great read battlebongnv
 im replacing cigarettes w marijuana  documentaries  and literature
 interesting look into floridas future in the medical marijuana industry by my colleague @grahamrhunter for @nbc2  
 walking through brawner courtyard and having people smoke when its not even 20 feet away from the doors 
 womensmarch anyone on medical or regular marijuana should be thinking about sessions  if you have medical beafraidveryafraid
 i was desperately in need of that smoke. tbh i feel relief 
 smoke your own smoke and grow your own daisiesmind your own biscuits and life will be gravy @ 
 unlicensed medical marijuana patient
 i wish i could smoke in my apartment 
 wish i was a jedi so i could smoke wit yoda . he prolly pearl the shit out a blunt 
 as such christian men  a worship gift to the soros fat chick army  if ye wish to support them in praise  light up a joint and smoke it.
 sb5754 new concerning the management of noxious weeds on state lands. 
 wish someone could smoke this blunt with me 
 lets smoke some black tar heroine and move to tangiers together
 @peterkretzman trump should spent half the time praying to root out inner weeds as he does weeding out opponents. bad
 @erikaheidewald trump should spent half the time praying to root out inner weeds as he does weeding out opponents. bad
 @stevenzzhou trump should spent half the time praying to root out inner weeds as he does weeding out opponents. bad
 @manuelkb @diezeit trump should spent half the time praying to root out inner weeds as he does weeding out opponents. bad
 @dushanwegner @diezeit trump should spent half the time praying to root out inner weeds as he does weeding out opponents. bad
 @dwdeutsch trump should spent half the time praying to root out inner weeds as he does weeding out opponents. bad
 lowkey just remembered that time i was omw to beni w jaden and he wouldnt let me smoke @420 o had to wait til fuckin 422 @highonmilk 
 any nigga that smoke a roach that far down cant b trusted nahfr  
 @morningjoe @chuckschumer is an anachronism. still using smoke signals with @elizabethforma
 wish i could smoke a blunt with god. got so many questions for that guy
 i would have slept the rest of the weed in that dream 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 a new piece on medicalcannabis dear @ottawacity stop targeting cannabis dispensaries  @unpubott cdnpoli legalit
 @valley308 holy smoke heard last night the east would get slammed been like spring here in new mexico bundleup america needs you 
 @jackiefarnham their smokescreen is only perceived. @larryc2882 @hollyberry872
 donald trump weighs in on marijuana  hillary clint... 
 the fact that trump wakes up and tweets about all his enemies like a soundcloud rapper before they smoke weed
 we just got word....mcentralls game at hempfield thursday at 7 pm is still on. so @mcbaronhoops
 the only thing that could get me out of the house would be to grab weed
 @polioptics ya think hes trying to send smoke signals for help maybe someone in a red cape should swoop in from time to time...or not.
 israel cannabis research leads way  @malifesciences @canopyboulder @masscann @regulatemass 
 @snitfit @andrewluck23  gtgtgt@senwarren ltltlt princess lieawatha warren should smoke peace pipe with jeff sessions  he heap honest pale face.
 someone make a dispensary run with me and lets smoke 
 wish my mouth would heal faster so i can smoke again 
 .@citizensfedup trump is using smokehaze tactics.saying hes bringing jobs to america wbig corp wh visits.his pla 
 everythings comin up weedlord 
 lol when ur a smoker  and can run 2 miles like nothing everyday 
  big pharma hates marijuana   trump wants concessions from big pharma  hmmm.....  wonder what that would entail
 u cant smoke out wit me i heard u a busta
 got rid of those toxic pricks on my homepage. they kept popping up like weeds. feelingrefreshed
 so i smoked with david yesterday and let me tell you the jest of it
 if trump really wanted to deal a fatal blow to the dem party  hed take the fed gov out of marijuana  treat like alchol  let states decide.
 i had a dream about weed im having withdrawals already lmao
 @steph93065 its all smoke amp mirrors the liberal dems are doing any amp everything to bring trump down they under estimate  we the people 
 this weather is unpredictable  but our smoker is not order old blue from @ubereats and get perfectly smoked meat e 
 listen to marijuana by chrome sparks  its so amazing
 wish i had weed
 doing activities like workout together  study with each other   smokedrink together  go for a walk and just talk 
 hmu for some interesting plans  not the usual smoke sesh
 foot stomping bluegrass begins at 700 pm the chasm smoke is still on nitro  frbc craftbeers expandyourrange 
 @pmtrudea when you have meeting with president trump  perhaps a joint venture to legalize marijuana amp win with tax  raised yourpolicy
 my baby said to relax  smoke  and watch greys anatomy so thats exactly what tf imma do 
 @phatbw0y you could get smoked anytime boy lmk
 i want this dog. i shall call him marley. he will smoke weed and listen to reggae 
 i want to build an igloo and smoke innnnn it 
 @mollyknight @senjohnmccain @lindseygrahamsc @potus  yes before we to far in the weeds whos minding the. store if not the. senate wake up
 i wish  my old girl just watches me smoke and laughs  
 @happeningnow john  both werewrong on what drud stated.  he is smoke amp mirrors. get trumps cabinet approved. the dems are stalling.
 @lakeisha128 @cnbcnow @johnjharwood clintons crime bill caused mass incarceration of blacks males with 1 oz of weed you didnt bitch then
 im tryina smoke weed in an igloo
 @aeidinger if @charlesallen takes all marijuana sentencing off bookslike nh ag later supreme souter did wfelony sodomywe trump congress
 this question is hilarious. who even smokes hookah in 2017 
 weak fr doe they turn everything into a smoke out 
 the only reason i would ever vape is so i could take a cool vsco pic with all the smoke morgan @bellmorgan
 really wish aampm was a smoke free campus
 what about marijuana is unprofessional to people in the industry 
 if institutions wanted to better the world for individuals and not oligarchy  hemp would be promoted. 
 @cannabisbiznews if institutions wanted to better the world for individuals and not oligarchy  hemp 
 @america1st @flossygurl if institutions wanted to better the world for individuals and not oligarchy  hemp. 
 @nursingcomunit @truthglow if institutions wanted to better the world for individuals and not oligarchy  hemp  
 @newsciencewrld if institutions wanted to better the world for individuals and not oligarchy  hemp  
 @realdonaldtrump the revenue from legalization of marijuana could rebuild our infrastructure and help with other social services
 @boltfanindenver my argument here is that sessions  who has a known track record of being against marijuana legalization and is on record
 ld498 new an act regarding marijuana licensing 
 this is what @potus @jeffsessions lead @thejusticedept would have you believe about weed  
 hb2064 new removing industrial hemp from the scope of the uniform controlled substances act. 
 uh yes. i could out smoke the dogg @snoopdogg 
 honestly when do you ever need cash uhh weed and snowballs
 yessssssss slay amp smoke that blunt @jeffreestar  @sephora reviews have me dying though  lmaoooo 
 my customers took me ou on their boat gave me moonshine and like 8 grams of weed not kidding some sick ass fools
 @potus @seanspicer edible marijuana also scares me that children will get into it and be very sick  possible labor breathing  from effects
 god plants dreams. the enemy plants weeds.
 @realdonaldtrump... businesses... a smokescreen for trump to do exactly as he wishes whenever he wishes. 
 kellyanne conway talking about nordstrom on fox is a smokescreen to make us forget about dt tweet yestdy   twt is ethics violation itself.
 @pdxdbo @eriniselectrikk she eats that shit because she smokes joints
 the cleanup begins @ south hempstead  new york 
 this mans actions will cause a lot of damage to many immigrants  legal pot smokers  blacks  native americans  pri 
 ls 113 vs. manheim central 113 @ hempfield tonight at 700 pm for the section 2 championship.
 @smittyjr201 the guy just smoked nsd  has trended upwards since he got here and has retooled the staff with instate recruiters.
 my brothers ordering ice cream and i said get me half baked and he replied with find someone that has weed and you can get full baked 
 @samlynn4trump @senwarren @realdonaldtrump where was all of you with obamas last two ags blow smoke where your friends r getting arrested
 congratulations to amy amp david hastings. olathe south 2017 dip off champions. they came big with a smoked salmon di 
 pls dont smoke its the worst thing you could ever do to yourself
 damn steph  chilllllllllll smoke some weed or somethin 
 just for the record  i would have smoked tonights jeopardy contestants.
 today mr skinner heard me say and i quote yeah but if youre fat as fuck   because of your metabolism weed stays in your system longer
 listen to smoke in the roomfeat.  journey steppa and mr. tacks by ko kizzle np on soundcloud 
 city of stars just one thing everybody wants there in the bars and through the smokescreen of 
 @nicolecritestv wearing green to promote a marijuana dispensary story. love it  but shouldnt this story have been at 420
 i want to smoke fr
 dont lose me the more i change.. just grow with me  i go broke  you go broke with me. i smoke  you gone smoke with me.
 about to smoke this fatty though 
 sb891 new constitutional amendment  cannabis  right to use  possess  and cultivate 
 a medical marijuana bill will be heard on the senate floor for a votea first for indiana. 
 @realdonaldtrump to continue  sir im disabled vet with 7 chronic pains and ptsd  and med marijuana helps tell sessions to stick it  sir
 just smoke for the first time in weeks and let me tell you somethin... i.am.lit.
 @saluteav about to hit the med shop and then go smoke  just got off work
 ay my mom just gave me permission to smoke weed in our jacuzzi im hyped as fuck
 heres how marijuana may help brain cancer patients live longer 
 imagine being the first openly pot smoking president and then inviting world leaders to smoke with you.
 sniper gang followed me  im pretty sure we gotta smoke together now
 showed me off like he shows off his weed
 this could be huge for medical cannabis 
 the trump administration doesnt appear to be slowing investment in the marijuana industry 
 @montelwilliams thank you for your  activism and upcoming lifetime achievement award. the cannabis movement apprec 
 ya all s you have to do though is smoke a joint with me
 even though i never lived through them i miss the days when you could smoke in airportson airplanes
 wpial rifle 201617 1st place individual  jordan miller of hempfield with 20019x5c @jmiller787 @hasdathletics 
 just gave a homeless man 5 he gave me the biggest hug and told me he was gonna buy weed with it
 colorado sold 1.3 billion worth of marijuana in 2016  
 @thechrisfong @joyannreid true.  and bernie made some big mistakes.  he wrote off the black vote in the south and got smoked.  he lost.
  i wish i had color smoke on my car 
 paulinewhats the best time to smoke meall the time bud
 colorado sold 1.3 billion worth of marijuana in 2016 cannabist colorado cannabiscommunity 
 sb999 new natalie m. laprade medical cannabis commission reform act 
 its funny  i have this 1 homegirl that i smoke out for free continuously  she coo or whatever but not once has she returned the many favors
 @drmartyfox @seanhannity @loudobbs because he never left.still same old cronies blowing smoke to hide their betrayal term limits
 the smokescreens  the chokes and the screams you ever wonder what it all really mean
 @josemartimast botany sphagnum moss study reduce algae amp weed growth in orchids mast1617 @mdcpssteam 
 i could never run out of smokes 
 i could never run out of smokes 
 dickweed @realdonaldtrump is now blowing smoke up japans ass after saying they should apologize for ww2 @cnn @maddow @citizensfedup
 ireland to legalise cannabis for specific medical conditions  via @guardian ireland medicalcannabis patients weed
 nothing screams smokes weed once more than huff socks
 gym vs smoke and smoke wins every time
 one time i went outside to smoke to be all majestic and i legit sharted mid way threw the blunt
 can we go back to a time where weed eaters and leaf blowers didnt exist because that would great.
 i can smoke a whole l in this valvoline  line 
 @eve22 @peddoc63 yes it matters. southern democrats were blacks worst enemies..started kkk. today @ppact planned parenthood weed clears 2a
 cutting the grass using weed eater and suddenly may tumalsik na damo sa mata ko  how does it feel wonderfully awful.
 news weedclub is launching a celebrity licensing channel get eyeballs for cannabis brands by licensing famous int 
 @governortomwolf @foxnewsresearch  why is medical marijuana not aval 4 chronic pain patients forced off meds by govt but kids can get it
 if you tryna smoke guys let me know now cause ima prolly be lit at 12 
 ha ha ha just kidding   just gonna smoke a blunt and chug my purse shot. 
 i miss faith evans 90s vocals. you know  the smokeysoft singing style you always heard on them features i want her to pay homage.
 god i wish i could id smoke till i had weed coma lol 
 thank ganja its friday ommp  10 off flowerprerolls too open 1010med amp rec get your @mindritepdx cbd 420 
 teamhead prestigepower prestigemp  dave and roberta @ smokerise bath and racquet 
 gave him his fame   now let me smoke 
 ion even smoke and be doing high shit. i just took the wrapper off the straw threw the straw in the garbage and kep 
 @illumin8i deadass had i dream that i was at an apple orchard and you pulled up  handed me a pound of weed  and drove off without a word 
 @painkilla thats the truth i can see it in the news 50 yrs from now yung kt failure is the first in history to die of a cannabis coma
 @jamiastarheart @laughingliberal @swaderpolly i believe edible cannabis has given me remarkable relief amp using cbds means not psychedelic
 @jamiastarheart @laughingliberal @swaderpolly our whole approach to drugs in this culture is childish amp criminal serious relief in cannabis
 i mean i wish i was drinking  when did i even smoke last
 lol nun of my brothers smoke no more fr i be flying solo 
 wish i had friends to smoke with
 @libyaliberty smokescreen smokescreen smokescreen everything being done at trumps bidding
 the people that started the wildfires in the smokeys ... should lose everything they have .. and be put in prison for the rest of there life
 @latimes the cry of racism is a smoke screen amp a weak defense 4 entering r country illegally amp the right 2 stay unlawfully
 my inhalers stopped working  cannabis is the only thing soothing my breathing rn. kinda freaking out
 whoever did this. you will not win. you will not turn us on eachother. bgsu. be strong come together weed out the h 
 whoever wrote in eppler you will not win. you will not turn us on eachother. bgsu. be strong come together weed out the horrible people.
 hb1429 new natalie m. laprade medical cannabis commission  medical cannabis grower licenses 
 meteorologists video crashed by man in costume covered in marijuana leaves 
 @greenfootballs i dont see it. smokescreen  another distraction....a new bright  shiny object to distract us from his unconstit. moves.
 clinical trial using marijuana 2 treat ptsd in veterans gets underway  thank u co 4 your unselfish gift 2 help others
  thank god im blessed  blow weed  no stress  yung lion x digitaljungle  
 manheim twp. jumps out to the early lead on unassisted goal from braden rishell. 10 over hempfield in the first. cpihlplayoffs
 i smoke plastic tip blacks so i never forget where i came from
 check out my latest video and get a rare crew color and patriot tire smoke  gtaonline gtav xboxone ps4
 in lancaster  rishell with his 2nd goal of the game. township regains the lead on hempfield  21 at 836 of the second. cpihlplayoffs
 does weed help with headaches 
 let that sink in. colorado sold 1.3 billion worth of marijuana in 2016  via @aliciawallace
 townships jared gordon standing on his head with 18 saves on 19 shots midway through the 2nd. still 21 over hempfield. cpihlplayoffs
 i wish i had some weeds
 rishell gets the hat trick 58 into the 3rd. 4th seed manheim township leading 1 hempfield 31. cpihlplayoffs
 these apologetics can be a pain in the ass that can never accept reality and wonder why i smoke marijuana. atheism atheist
 tavien kemp misses a jumper..  justin hemphill wins it at the buzzer   final ohara 57  walsh 55 @centercourt42 
 im prolly gone smoke tonight
 and its over in lancaster. hunter neiss pots an emptynet goal at 1452 and its 41 manheim twp. over topseed hempfield. cpihlplayoffs
 could of have been smoke with me but  
 slick could sit outside with a black queen and enjoy nature tonight and smoke on a nice cigar. but you know lol
 fbf to when me and my bro was tryna smoke broccoli at golden corral. that shit was hilarious
 ital kitchen in brooklyn is on point. i highly recommend the turmeric stew followed by the ganja.
 smoking weed under star projectors.  i guess well never know what harvard gets us.
 should i smoke this joint by myself or yell up the stairs for dalton
  colorados marijuana industry is now bigger than some countries entire gdp
 just saw a post on facebook that said its good to smoke pot while being pregnant facebook should be abolished... prayers to that fetus
 if you have a better cover story for smoking weed around uptight family than walking your dog  id like to hear it
 video smoke shop owner arrested following @fox46news investigation of synthetic marijuana  
 @vampiramonster would be better with weed but im alive so im not complaining
 i wish i could smoke for the first time again
 syrup and a pack of smokes rapidly climbing the saddestbodegapurchases chart.
 id way way rather smoke an l and watch a movie than hold ya hair back while you vomit.. sorry
 shhhh....if youre lucky  @jsparatta might make you one of these smoked pork belly banh mi from 
 id way way rather smoke an l and watch a movie than hold ya hair back while you vomit.. sorry
 colorados marijuana industry is now bigger than some countries gdp 
 listen to uhun by smoke np on soundcloud 
 colorados marijuana industry is now bigger than some countries entire gdp  legalizeit unitegreen uniteblue tcot
 colorados marijuana industry is now bigger than some countries entire gdp  legalizeit unitegreen uniteblue tcot
 if only i could smoke  
 i wish i could smoke 
 @roguepotusstaff i guess he thinks the compliments mean the pm is some easy d. my guess pm is blowing smoke on purpose.
 oh now they want whole court to rule.blowing smoke up a. just another delay.tear down this court.make the 12th appeals lessen thier power.
 yung smokey still goes in
 where is my christian grey holy smokes
 never smoked ivory but i talked to an ivory 
 my favorite thing ive heard all day  home delivery cannabis to your door
 someone snapped me a pic of some green leaves and my dumb ass thought it was weed.. it was tea
 rn we would ft amp id watch this nigga smoke
 wish i could just smoke 10 backwoods rn 
 wish i had some pot smoking musician friends in cypress. could go for frequent smokejam sessions
 i wish i could smoke on this train
 a flower never blooms if it holds on to the weed below
 excuse me mister no no im sry but u my good man r mistaken i dont know wat weed is or where it comes from u see i... i am high... on life
 but if weed is legal now why do you still need a rec star wars 1 is the best movie ever 
 mykewithay hellohi ipleadthe5th well this could just explain everything just come to smoke  
 rain amp weed  
 sb0939 new amends the compassionate use of medical cannabis pilot program act. makes a technical change in a se... 
 just maybe medical marijuana could help this disease too.  its a shame the big pharmas have to play these games wi 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 .@berniesanders @hollyeidinger 2 million people since 1981 have permanently lost right to vote due to marijuana convictions. legalize
 hb1443 new natalie m. laprade medical cannabis commission reform act 
 will sessions enforce federal law amp kill colorado multi billion marijuana industry denver licensed grow operatio 
 youll see smoke comin from a shell like a lobster steaming...no no no youll see smoke comin from a shell like barack was cheating 
 if the past few years have taught me anything  its that friendship is a smokescreen. the people you think are solid turn out to be mirrors.
 a smoke filled casino is the last place i should be.
 you cant smoke out with me i heard you a busts
 woke up at 630 am to a gnarly ass anxiety attack. it finally went away so like who wants to smoke me out fr fr
 @jessadoodle113 @samanthabehr6 jessie u smoke my whole pack when im w u stfu
 i wish i could still smoke my weed smh
 left a half at adams its prolly gone now lol who ever has it better smoke all of it right now 
 dream waking up in a little apartment with matt and playing my records while i make blueberry pancakes and smoke a bong bowl on my balcony
 sigma chis are my favorite kind of guys lt3 another smoker for the books @codecainn 
 common weed could help fight deadly superbug  study finds 
 oregon is rolling out another first in the recreational marijuana industry home delivery. 
 @daveweigel   available in black  pitchblack  jet black  ink  dark smoke  predator mud  and stygian. free delivery before pressers.
 do you think my boss will yell at me for havin weed leaves on my sleeves 
 chris know i only smoke blacks when i quit chiefin 
 boy im in colorado smoking california reefer
 i swear i just ate some noodles that had weed in it 
 jerimiah wright was a smoke screen. obama must be a muslim bc he did everything he could  to down play radical islamic behavior. @dnc
 i had a dream that i had a very big bag of weed  i wish it wasnt a dream
 what seam hemphills rugs amp carpets uses the best people  equipment amp technology 
 causal morning ft call with fes dad where he tells us not to smoke weed bc it makes us couch potatoes and leads to doing cocaine 
 smh it makes me more upset when i lose my weed than when i lose money
 i get back from volunteering 8 hours at habitat for community to a 25 fine from my fraternity for smokin weed. holydeltachi kill me please
 holy smokes we finally have a pic with all five of us in it 
 study links medical marijuana to fewer traffic fatalities  i do not believe it infowarwarrior
 study links medical marijuana to fewer traffic fatalities  i do not believe it infowarwarrior
 i wish someone would smoke me up lmao
 @thecrownnetflix donate to cultivate marijuana in sf at 770 woolsey sf ca94124 ameritrade account 488774506 donations joseph allen wilson
 @easportsufc @duanebangcom   @thenotoriousmma smokes 2 champions without breaking a sweat.  either win could make this list. together bruh.
 even though i am boycotting greysanatomy  the quote still holds true @ seattle hempfest 
   this is a smokescreen to distract from bannon  trump  flynn and pences treasonous acts. investigate treason.
 unloved unwanted  but the smoke blinds everything for the moment....
 listen to marijuana ft. excision free download by nickyxplicit np on soundcloud 
 end 1q hempstead 8  western dubuque 6. defenses winning thus far.
 every bih tinder bio about pets weed or tattoos
 answering some fans who wrote me letters questions about weed 
 i wish i could smoke inside my studio
 if you dont got more than one connect then thatll fuck up your whole day when the weed man dry. you be sick rolling up roaches
 if you put marijuana leaves in a pot of baked beans  are they then baked baked beans   asking for a uh  .. another person.
 duval county physicians struggle with confusing medical marijuana laws as access slows for patients 
 i got ls on my record  weed on the vinyl
 rain drop amp smoke 
 @paigedabae i feel you i did braids amp weaves for a while after i cut my hair into a bob and outta nowhere its just been growin like weeds
 i just wanna smoke weed   listen to @bassnectar and lose myself looking at the stars
 lmfao that came from a deep place max go smoke ya cigs and listen to chiodos 
 colorado s marijuana industry is now bigger than some countries gdp 
 colorado s marijuana industry is now bigger than some countries gdp 
 i wish i had a healthy marijuana plant so i could pitch a tent and live off the land 
 ongoing controversy of menthol  choice of more than 80 percent of black smokers. tobacco industry tactics run deep  
 @kernmichael @nunyajim @auswarrior @google that sucks. yeah morphine does that to me too. weed helps with it.
 @fredbrooklyn winning or the weed
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 @abrantley2001 booboo this president will not succeed  hes just blowing smoke...
 went to a 21 weed dispensary for the first today no lie some dankkk
 a flower never blooms if it holds on to the weeds below 
 juju just gave them permission to smoke for the night its lit
 17 again  never get worthy pics but my smokey eyes 
 my dad and i just smoked together for the first time ever and it was such a good bonding experience tbh
 would i ever smoke kush yes
 as long as people want their weed and coke  there will always be cartels to push it  a somber reality @nyrosis @theblaze
 dancing with the devil smoking weed till his eyes would bleed
 hb1501 new natalie m. laprade medical cannabis commission  grower and processor licenses and local impact grants 
 hb1259 new natalie m. laprade medical cannabis commission  medical cannabis grower licenses 
 my uber driver has a staten island accent and is talking about smoking weed a customer gave him. liveitup
 i wish i had some weed.
 lets smokeeeeee
 common weed from brazil could help fight deadly superbug  study finds 
 i just smoked amp i think it made me more sober... help
 i only have 30 episodes left of weeds and its stressing me out. theres no way this story can be wrapped up in 30 episodes.
 the marijuana tax act was annulled as a selfcontradiction  but the controlled substances act is at least internally consistent
 demonizing marijuana was always about money and other related corruption  even a pioneering test case to prove anything legally saleable
 o v e r. rt @2grown2bemusky @evryoneh8schris @whattheffacts theyre the plug if they ever sale weed itsover
 we are but blips on the eternal screen wisps of smoke  here one moment  gone the next....what we do in the here amp now counts.joni e tada
 all i wanted to do was smoke
 stick amp move hittin licks sweep em left to right act a fool when i one twi check the mic come trip with the pimp in the smoke ray lac
 a neurobiologist says medical marijuana could solve the us opioid abuse crisis  via @qz legalizeweed
 a neurobiologist says medical marijuana could solve the us opioid abuse crisis  via @qz legalizeweed
 @chelseahandler @realdonaldtrump they should grow weed chelsea  might help with his dementia lol 
 @danscavino they smoke ampmirrors no substance
 @pouyalilpou that smoke shack is muy diego
 @pouyalilpou that smoke shack is muy fuego
 wish i had a weedman that delivers. guess i live too far.
 @stephenfleming holy smokes  just saw the rollover pics only two fatalities when i was a volunteer medic. both rollovers. lucky
 i would have been outraged who tf smokes swisher  
 i want to curl up and smoke with you while we listen to records and watch the sun rise
 somebody just gave me a 100 bill for a pack of smokes.ok bud
 @stevenwhirsch99 ha. smoke more crack. dems boycotted trump because he allies w fascists. gop have not been lincoln party for a loooong time
 couples that smoke together   stay together .
 kidney liver fresh everything dont smoke no weed i been mature at the mind from marijuana
 and do what i smoke  and pop  me and him have nothing in common but the color of our skin  
 i wish i was cool enough to post snapchat stories and instagram pictures of myself getting drunk and smoking weed.
 i will provide cannabis to who ever brings me dutches 
 just another sunday afternoon pasta... smoked duck  squash amp sage pasta sundayfunday cooking 
 my brother deadass is complaining about where we smoke.... its not even your weed so stop bitching 
 i swear that weed make everything better 
 distraction smokescreen a grifter doing his thing 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 my purse has guns on it and my sleeves have weed leaves on it i got so many bad looks lmao
 only thing that could have made it a better day was some weed. 
 i smoke usc amp snoop lion 
 smoking weed under star projectors  i guess well never know what harvard gets us
 damn  weed dispensaries far outnumber starbucks in this town 
 if i could just smoke a blunt rn .... boy
 who brings a roach to someone house to smoke with ppl 
 baby lets smoke and dream
 my mom asked if you can make a salad with with marijuana leaves. she was like fuck a blunt  im too bougie for that 
 got sisal hemphills rugs amp carpets offers a wide selection for install or area rugs 
 very excited to see jimmy buffett and the coral reefers again  perfectvodkaamp may 16th in wpb 
 @heartoverdbars they want to weed out hate and bern out the trump 
 time for sum more weed candies 
 wish i could smoke in my room and never leave... how i irritated i am at life rn 
 they saw the beyhive acting up on the tl and wanted to let them know they didnt want no smoke early 
 @hardyvigorous @mrastrotheology hint hemp oil could easily replace most petroleum products  and it can even be used in place of gasoline to
 if i could smoke myself into a coma i would
 designer would be dope. but chance 2chainz and weedy gon win it 
 so... he was a repeat sexual offender and was released. while other poc rot in prison for minor weed charges  
 if smoking marijuana is so safe  ask a daily smoker to stop for 30 days amp watch the behavior  moodaltering substance affects responses
 ugh this ftp weed just gave me a headache
 ... as i smoke this gizzle
 if anybody would like to venmo me for my weed liqour grammy tweet budget inquire within 
 can we smoke that blunt together 
 carrie is a smoke show its not even fair
 great selection of rugs st hemphills rugs amp carpets orange county ca 
 he really sat there and played with my braids while we smoked 
 @brianphares wish that was real. grill smoke. 
 wish weed was legalllll here
 @wolverinefactor theres a new term for weed in my days we called it weed whats next brussels sprouts
 beyonces performance was smokeandmirrors  sure. but its always black. and thats always enough for me.
 @desavocado fr weed 
 @740ft trying smoke soon
 they put the reefer in everything. even the devils drink has that wacky tobacky in it
 i dont act. i wait first  observe  smoke  chill  and when im assured of my next move.. i act.
 and that next girl who the hell ever heard of her grammys ... pipeline means jobs amp no foreign oil dick weed
 her contour is stressing me out. i wish the shadow was smoked out a tad more. who did this to my girl lea drop a l 
 gotta smoke within at least half hour of clocking out
 wish i had some weed 
 do you guys smoke weiner  the one and only  @samuelcooper81
 blackincannabis bc backincannabis   ganjatribefarmacy    moonrock in process  with 
 music  food  weed. brings people together
 miller smoked em no matter how much the msm wannabes wiggled in the chairs amp sighed miller never wavered  mr. 
 listen to beats  smoke amp chill 
 and im going to grow the dankest weed and come back and put carson city on some real shit
 he smokes weed and resells supreme
 @mickeastcoast88 the moon ft the smoke from my blunt 
 @evanmcmullin exactly but who knows whats really going onall smoke and mirrors
 @275yungsimmie holy smoke so god damn
 loving every blunt i smoke. purple leaves on january 28  2017 @ onamia  minnesota 
 theres only one way india can weed out black money target corrupt politicians  businessmen  and 
 wanted the chain smokers to win best new artists win 
 wanted the chain smokers to win the best new artist award 
 @joenbc @scottcross22 @wsj spare us this condescending smoke screen. the corruption begins and ends with trump himself. he knew and we know.
 listen to smoke2dis ft. soulstice p  ydna  gamma ray by samurai scooby np on soundcloud 
 u the type of dude to smoke a roach and burn yo mouth
 if i could smoke  
 anytime i smoke wit somebody for the first time and they hand me that aux  first thing im puttin on is that etr. shidddddd fuckuthought
 kind of wish i could smoke right now
 wish it was a weed delivery app
 yes listen to smoke2dis ft. soulstice p  ydna  gamma ray by @lukefromrowlett  
 i wish i cld smoke me a phat ass blunt of that pressure 
 there will be smoke in the mtf city 
 i wish i aint smoke all my weed
 up for no reason   i wish i had some weed 
 when i was growing up my only hero was the weed man   savvy sossa x peezy x velo prod by rob 
 interesting timing on this story with states trying legalize weed. 
 @truthinitiative smoking is volitional. if people wish to smoke despite medical cautions...whose fault is that life is about choices.
 @ppistone @siriusxmnascar smoke mf johnson @tonystewart nascar tmdnascar
 this is exactly why i dont smoke anymore..chuck be sicing it 
 i really wish i could smoke during class a
 .@kutvmary shows us the smoke from that house fire on warnock dr. which has impacted traffic on highland dr. 
 they just started counting streams on the internet for awards. smokepurpp an ugly god winning grammys next year wat 
 .@kaitlinols losing relationships over trump support was the best way to weed out all the useless people in my circle of contacts.
 wish i could smoke the  out of my favorite fuzzy to start the week @labrecque47
 i just know girls that smoke cigarettes gotta have the worst smelling pussy ever  like nair on hair
 my prof just gave a 20 min lecture about the dangers of smoking marijuana  im so uncomfortable
 scoop @nyscomptroller will audit hempstead town ida  valley stream sd 30 following @greenacresny controversy. stay with @newsday for more.
 why would anybody post a picture of some weed that they got off google images 
 all smoke and mirrors in the industry they make you believe these cats are just stars sent from heaven. nope fam o 
 holy smokes it took me 23 minutes to get to work and i took the 101. latraffic 
 health teacher just told the whole class if she where to smoke a joint rn there would be a 95 chance she could overdose and die.
 tb to when i gave out free smoke 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 dr. hughes has his own gorilla test with weed leafs in his photosynthesis lecture slides i see you dr. hughes cingtg
 .@nyscomptroller announces hempstead town ida  vs sd 30 audit in news release a few minutes ago. @newsday story  
 bitchs could have gave us that weed  
 @jagswag32 you fr got fined for weeds in the yard
 police peebles teens sickened after buying marijuanalaced candy at store. @fox19  
 listen to smoke2dis ft. soulstice p  ydna  gamma ray by samurai scooby morning bumps np on soundcloud 
 i had a dream i was forced to be friends with kendall jenner so i made her smoke a blunt and we were cool after that
 last year for valentines day i bought my boyfriend a sack of weed some rellos and his favorite candy
 @saadinyc yo one time i gave you 5 amp you used it to smoke wo me donate to my huskython   
 i wish people would realize i could care less about weed lmao
 first marijuana testing for vets with ptsd underway in phoenix volunteers wanted   via @phoenixnewtimes
 but we had a consensus  97 of elites agreed secondhand smoke must be snuffed out  it was settled science  
 caught up with my brotha @lilbibby ..talm bout you still dont want no smoke on that court could do nothing else 
 she love it when we get together  smoke a little weed but her shit together
 @brendonkuhn i heard the weed was good out there
 some pretty interesting stuff here  vaping is on the rise for cannabis.  
 tonight in colorado springs  colorado trying to smoke the most kush i possibly can while in 
 @realdonaldtrump if you want to be a jobs president legalize weed  tax it  pay down the debt and the economy will boom. see colorado.
 how could anyone think inhaling smoke could ever be positive or harmless seriously... 
 first round of ll league playoffs tonight. @mcbaronhoops plays hempfield at warwick high school at 700.
 when your mom is baked af even though shes never smoked 
 but they all smoke though  
 hal johnson smokes cigarettes
 my jacket does not have weed leaves on it  these are palm tree leaves you asses
 @aaronlewismusic smoke em if ya got em. pic from the sinner tour.  musicmonday country music america 
 cilantro is by far the second dankest leaf to smoke
 food amp weed snacking and relaxing with colorado topchef winner hosea rosenberg via 
 i gave alondra my weed brownie but it was worth it 
 i just want a cute victorian house with a solarium and a big second story porch where i can smoke weed with my boo and shit
 we can make any task  any assignment  any project more rigorous. see how much smoke can come out of our students e 
 manheim central and hempfield getting ready for ll boys semifinal at warwick 
 @qweezy3ph fr bro i gotta smoke first
 the question remains  who stole my weed
 end of 1 hempfield and central tied at 8. funk has 6 for barons. martinrobinson with 5 for the knights. @llhoops @gametimepasc
 @jwgiglio not on the record even though it twitter do you smell smoke
 end of half buckets are being earned. manheim central leads hempfield 1714. @llhoops @gametimepasc llhoops
 only 6 combined turnovers in first half between manheim central and hempfield. funk has  12  martinrobinson 5
 the fourteen inch @webergrills smokey joe may be mans greatest feat
 leah asked me if she could smoke with me for the first time   
 end of 3 hempfield leads manheim central 2423. funk with 18 of the baron bunch. @llhoops llhoops
 she was on hold with anthem for so long  she took a smoke break
 now manheim central leads hempfield 3029 with 231 left barons ball
 crystal methno medical marijuana rock candy 
 not many points scored but its back and forth as hempfield back in lead 3330 131 left in fourth. barons ball
 reset hempfield turns up the d pressure and gets 4 points to go up 3330. 131 left baron ball. @llhoops llhoops
 we have 35.7 left in 4th hempfield leads manheim central 3530. knights all
 reset kody kegarise is clutch from 3. 3533 hempfield. knight ball. 35.7 left @llhoops
 7.2 left hempfield leads manheim central 3935 with one more free throw to go
 reset all but curtains here. hempfield leads 3935 with a ft left. 7.2 to go @llhoops
 thats a wrap from lititz. hempfield guts it out late. huge plays by javon mitchell down the stretch. knights move on 4035. @llhoops
 wish i could smoke 247 without dying
 icy  josh  doesnt follow me  cool asff  spoopy  allergic to weed
 let me correct my earlier snafu hempfield earned way to ll semifinal with 4035 against manheim central
 when zi see this i just want to scream. smoke  mirrors. not pie in our face from cheeto the clown. @cindyrelish 
 .@juddapatow hoped you talked about how all their crap fertilized a bumper crop of hate weeds. .. thats what they do best......
 looks like a little smoke in the midst of the rain. 
 this is a passion project to crowdsource medical marijuana patient data to guide future patients about what could work best for them.
 ive been using this all natural hair conditioner called honey hemp and my hair has never felt softer.
 hey ck. some areas in ck could grow medical marijuana. what do you think ckont
 i was pretty jacked up on marijuana so i decided to try it and i dropped it
 i believe that marijuana is natures way of communicating with humans. we must listen to what it is telling us.
 the weed man hooked me up with 40 brownies for 20  
 dems finally let me smoke in her car 
 residential  singlefamily  fire  smoke prealert  carroll county fairwood ln  s main st disp e152  c151  a159
 residential  singlefamily  fire  smoke prealert  @mavfc1 carroll county s main st  flower ave  disp e152  c15  c151
 sooo im about to shower.. anyone down to smoke and get some eats
 @humanfunction finna smoke my black and listen to you spazz g 
 im way too stingy with my weed 
 the weed brownie my brother gave me fiyaaaaaa 
 vote out the worst weed strain the next 15 will move onto the next round this will be updated 
 i smoke all the dope you cant smoke no dope ha ha  i bought all the clothes you cant buy no clothes ha ha
 i wish i could do this but the only voice i can impersonate is an 80 year old who smokes 3 packs a day 
 dont be distracted by the smoke and mirrors. we are still winning maga
 commit treasonous acts and you can just resign. get caught with an ounce of weed  youre going to prison.   
 if you got good pussy and willing to let me smoke you out we belong together
 finna smoke in this rain yessss
 flynn resigns. neverheardofhim dont care. this is just smoke and mirrors for the msm mad dogs. still winning maga
 where theres smoke  theres fire. its obvious that shady dealings are going on that are not in americas best int 
 tell me your parents find out you smoke weed stories
 flynn gone. smoke and mirrors for the real story. just the beginning. wattba for now.
 could the power rangers smokeout the plantiteers  an 8 part series staring the comic book men
 i wish i could smoke blunts or joints everyday
 @megstar73 @pineymcknuckle i live in denver sooo all of it lol.  gorilla glue  some grandma cindys some durban poison.
 wish there was a 24 hour marijuana dispensary here
 when we together we stick to the mission sparkin that weed up without no permission
 i see a lot of smoke and mirrors about this turnip and treason. action should be taken but will there be any action is the question
 a rose will never bloom from a weed you must snatch that thing up at first sight  by the root. @charlesmblow
 i could smoke rn   i would 
 swisher shay lets smoke a j
 wish i had someone to smoke and just vibe with at this time...
 wish i had a bae who would come smoke me out 
 @thcounselingvet i think medicinal cannabis with its controversy could be an answer. two controversies make a right
 philly weeden brings his hit stage play soulmate a true love story to atlanta  ga  philly 
 wahhhhh. u smoke leafs only 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 yes  thats definitely the real story here your 3rd senior advisor resigning over russian ties is just a smokescre 
 aye why was a teacher sending nudes to students  took them to their house gave head to the kids and ate weed brownies with them
 we really have to question authority as ryan  pence  kellyanne and trump send out smoke and mirrors creating a fast acting wh taking month
 dont kid your self president trump  there are spys in the white house that run back to obama. you just have to weed them out.
 im high af.  i wish i could smoke another blunt though 
 flynn is a treasonous weasel who escaped town before his beheading. im sure many will follow his lead. lets start pulling weeds america.
 but plant your hope with good seeds  dont cover yourself with thistle amp weeds. rain down  rain down on me.
 i would post a pic of my valentine but i smoked her  she was fat too yall 
 does anyone know any licensed cannabis producer taking new patients in canada  prefer ontario if possible. please dm me.
 packed house at the health committee  a number of people are expected to speak about the use of medical marijuana 
 interesting thread  where theres smoke theres fire russiantrumpconnection 
 go listen right now  have you heard free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci on soundcloud np 
 @jwgregorymurray where in the area i am at 60 pleasant  the second white building from yonge. and yes  i can smell the smoke.
 hennessy and weed
 if you smoke  fw dex  and love scary movies you may just be my wife in disguise.
 today the tn house health committee hears testimony on the potential use of medical marijuana for treatment of pts 
 how i know gorm smoked without me .... lt3 
 cant fw no girl that smoke blacks shell beat you up
 court fees and paying my lawyer left me broke af  atleast i got weed to smoke  turn up
 actually heard a weeb say u dont have money for weed if ur into anime to his non anime friends and i wanted the earth to swallow me whole
 @chrisdaniels5 smoke amp mirrors.  enough of this charade.  tough questions now.
 @thehill but do they mean it  or is it smoke and mirrors if its serious  is it even in time  or too late anyway shouldve been done alrdy
 @realdonaldtrump 839b  got the  out of your ass  this is not a press conference   but smoke and mirrors blaming potus44 again u r ass
 @samrmoore @realdonaldtrump and by your response maybe smoke a few more joints  and back in for a nap
 holy smokes.  this should be in textbooks. students should study this as an example of the power of personality vs 
 @kamaricopeland so thats what youre giving your valentines...haha i dont like weed fyi. just flowers and candy 
 meanwhile  the dea just scheduled 1d industrial hemp. they dont care about wellbeing  they care about industry an 
 @20committee or create a smokescreen that trump responds to  taking the heat off a deeper investigation. come on  
 still waiting on a cure  some worry marijuana derivative bill doesnt do enough  via @argusleader sdleg
 saw my bus go by as i got off. fml. could really go for a smoke now. ugh. @ bridgeview cook county court house 
 one of my roomates doesnt smoke at all only when hes blacked and he gave me a bag of weed this morning
 girls will stay posting weed bullshit 247 when 2 years ago they were trashing smoking.  swear yall need your opinions heard on everything.
 3rd annual cannabis patients day at the capitol we have senators  patients and advocates here 
 3rd annual cannabis patients day at the capitol we have senators  patients and advocates here 
 effort in the house to smoke out hb 1131 on provisions for outofstate sales tax collection
 truthful witness by a good person clears the air  but liars lay down a smoke screen of deceit. proverbs 1217 msg
 first thing everyone has asked me is if i made weed brownies
 colorado made 1 billion dollars last year with legalizing weed... 1 billion... damnnnnnn lolol
 i wish every car that has ever pulled out in front of me.  they would have got smoked.
 hemp for cows colorado approves hempanimal feed study  
 they will install smoke decorators for free for a limited time 
 whats your opinion on weed  
 deadass my life would be complete if i ever smoke a blunt with eminem
 @lukeevanssimon @josemartimast @mdcpssteam @fairchildgarden  trying to minimize weed amp algae growth no creatures to eliminate.
 then my twin biut to bring me some weed and tomatoe juice to help my stomach im jus so happy now
 sf249 new a bill for an act relating to the prohibitions against smoking under the smokefree air act and making... 
 all of my suggestions of who to follow on twitter are weed pages. exactly the way it should be.
 february special 20 off medical marijuana recommendation for new patient  and renewals from any doctors office. 
 @finebaum bama leads the nation in defense and players arrested for weed
 wish i could smoke a blunt at the top of the empire state building.. that would be epic
 yes about time you smoke again  
 @jonas7dani omg @yaboysal congrats celebratory smoke sesh soon fr fr
 st clair is partially closed as the firefighters still battle the fire. you could  feel the smoke all around. long 
 and it begins unramademesquite @ tonys smoke shack 
 getting smoke in your eyes is the worst thing ever
 wemetontwitter and you became a medical marijuana patient
 prolly about smoke and treat myself. fuck it. i dont need a date
 yes nothing better than a weeding 
 i wish i was into smoking weed  im just into that its not me....
 i hardly ever run out of weed and there still feels like there is never enough
 i could never be a clout boi i smoke tooka
 my question is... i smoke marijuana
 i would fuck weed if i could
 thatll do nicely happy valentines day world @ tonys smoke shack 
 @missy4trump @jennyqta9 he does not have your best interest in mind. he is lying to all of us. smoke and mirrors  deflection  magician.
 can someone tell me why i bought 420ft thats not a joke  actually 420ft of hemp wick
 shows dad hat with adidas symbol on it him whats that  a marijuana leaf
 from two thousand amp fifteen to infinity  its still bomb weed amp hennessy
 damn i wish i had some weed right now
 @thelastword this is all smoke amp mirrors. next they let trump shoot down a plane and become the great american hero. trump  russian spy.
 wifey dont let me smoke on the weekdays  but my sentiments exactly 
 everything but the smoke. 
 next person that smokes with me knowing they sick and doesnt warn me has to run me my one. deadass.
 @realdonaldtrump i have epilepsy is there anything you can do medical marijuana to help come out with more studies the cost is so much
 all this complaining about the russians is a bs smokescreen because we have the enemy living within us 
 wish i had some smokeeee man 
 stinks to high heaven. dems would do this to any r admin. smokeampmirrors cover their own high crimes. they hate us a 
 if you smoke blacks im judging you
 you smoke wood. your opinion is invalid.  
 smoking weed under star projectors..
 every night i smoke and listen to the college dropout imisstheoldkanye
 @ldsnana now i have never smoked. where i was living they allowed smoking  i know shortly after fracturing my hip  came home  i complained
 what is this weird magical place where i can smoke inside
 gorilla glue 5 is a creeper weed for sure.
 hungry and wish i had some weed 
 best of the worst romantic mixtape smoke  smoke  smoke that cigarette 
 sb1038 new natalie m. laprade medical cannabis commission  medical cannabis grower licenses 
 rise and grind . getting real smokey before o leave for birmingham . last  show of the first leg ot the tour
 ld498 engross an act regarding marijuana licensing 
 whats lansing gonna do about all this medical marijuana dispensaries in town public safety meeting at 330 pm tod 
 sc compassionate care act helps patients using medical marijuana stay out of jail httpst.cooq1jrhxnqm 
 have a nice car with some shiny jewels  and a lot of weed
 @davidshep74 smoke everything
 jenna day  miss ky 2013  shared with fca this morning about being a sower  growing deep roots and pulling up weeds 
 when trump wants to deflect like this am he always attacks hillary. another smokescreen to cover up his collusion with russia.
 its true that the legalization of weed in ma is the only potential evidence i have for the existence of a god. amp t 
 die when i may  i want it said of me that i plucked a weed and planted a flower where ever i thought a flower would grow. abraham lincoln
 @realdonaldtrump this has nothing to do with hillary clinton orher than your opportunity to smoke the real issues...
 um i smoke too much amp @realdonaldtrump is president 
 i knew the muslim ban was a smokescreen..
 they shot my homie for thing. killed my homie for nothing. i smoke blunts everyday. to try to wish it didnt happen.
 @jassy1 smoke weed that helps to
 @bagfullofweed  this post has nothing to do with marijuana
 @realdonaldtrump no smokescreen fess up 
 everything has marijuana now 
 @honrobnicholson when will @puglaas begin to appoint federal judges too busy on marijuana legislation cdnpoli 
 @manidagod dr amp mexico weed brown amp full of seeds. jamaican weed was green jus like pr.. but it wasnt really fire to me. but decent
 never again will i make the mistake of using crutches  pain meds  cannabis  and alcohol all in one night 
 more people now admit to driving after using marijuana than after being impaired by alcohol  nat safety council says 
 i wouldnt wish this weed on my worst enemy 
 bruh must of ate the weed n shitted it out
 what smoke all i see are large  billowing  white clouds  d. j. trump  probably 
 somebodys left a safeway shopping cart at the 16th sacrt station that contains a framed picture  a mcds coffee  and a pack of smokes.
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 @missmusemfc @randomrobby1 weed is usually best cure for me.
 the wide world of weed  
 @monogamousozz nah lowkey i heard that nigga super chill and dope to smoke with 
 waking up weedless is the worst
 literally livin out my cannabis dreams in la... i cant believe its rly happenin
 steph sherer from americans for safe access displays stats on the growth of medical marijuana 
 @beefarino @ernpac the questions are to weed people out early.  confirm all that on the backend with fbi database and mental health records
 take a survey on cannabis taxes  then vote county in march city in june 
 theres not enough weed in the world to deal with this bullshit all the time. 
 i like a @youtube video that has asmr  watchingamprelaxing by gwengwiz asmr aromatherapy smokes i should try one day
 wish i had unlimited weed 
 if russian parliaments strong support of flynn is fake  then isnt it a smoke screen to cover someone in trump wh they want to keep
 a hemostat is a fancy word for roach clip but wc likes to play like everything to do with marijuana is equal to meth
 yes lord. say it louder for the people blowing black smoke 
 @dcashtrobeatz have you heard gun smoke prod by white marley by @realwhitemarley on soundcloud np 
 @richie2592 have you heard gun smoke prod by white marley by @realwhitemarley on soundcloud np 
 @dembangaz @cloudn9neprod have you heard gun smoke prod by white marley by @realwhitemarley on soundcloud np 
 @dembangaz @cloudn9neprod have you heard gun smoke prod by white marley by @realwhitemarley on soundcloud np 
 my boyfriend smoked a bunch of pot and afterwards when asked where he wanted to eat  he responded qdpotl @cmfcknw @qdoba @chipotletweets
 all of my everything are collabs with weed 
 im at charter township of hempfield in pa 
 or you could just smoke  
 i let my black hair grow and my weed strong
 @cbcpolitics investigations... studies... whats the point just more liberal smoke and mirrors... trudeau bribed khan given federal funds
 i can be friends with smokers but i could never personally go that extra step to be attracted to em.
 manor in dupont session weedsdaay 
 nothing against pot but you people who constantly post yourself smoking weed on your instagram stories why are you the way that you are
 new way to fight superbugs found in noxious weed  national geographic 
 @xavzier apt filled with smoke so i left amp fire department came and by that time i had a show to go to lol luckily everything is fine
 the impact small business seminar medical marijuana update with speakerattorney steve vogel is about to begin @hinshaw @gableschamber
 todays medical marijuana update seminar is over sold with 70 ppl attending. @hinshaw @gableschamber 
 chino wanted to see how much smoke he can inhale. i told him to take a bigger hit  
 @realdonaldtrump wish i could be there. behind you 150. drain the swamp. elevate the bar. weed out the slugs. celebrate wins
 im smoking weed again ha ha 
 having some fun with @bryansnider and smoke bombs.   shot using a canon 5dmii  sigma 35mm art 
  city of stars just one thing everybody wants there in the bars and through the smokescreen of the crowded restaurants its love 
 @rolandsmartin i wonder will @montelwilliams will try to get an audience with ag jeffsessions on cannabis. im being serious.
 it appears  there are anywhere from 619 to 1 288 parcels of land in lansing that could be eligible to have medical marijuana establishments.
 sf may be getting a department of marijuana 
 that smoke yall listen 
 @jwalklnp is a mile away...so i have a seat courtside hempfieldlanc cath  up next
 i wish my bestfriend smoked 
 @foxnewsthe more the american people learn about donald trump  the less they believe the smoke and mirrors fiction of his success story.
 @zachweiner ill pay attention the second he stops voting in lockstep. otherwise its just bullshit smokescreens.
 still 70 lchs over hemp 2 to go
 usually hempfield starts off slow..but this has to be the slowest start of the year...still within distance though. llhoops @andybrackets
 repeat lchs 7 hempfield 0  5 to go till half
   colorado cannabis industry makes more money than several countries  cash cars detroit michigan bike trump 
 check lchs 7 hemp 2  3.52 to go 
 @lancastersports hempfield scores first points of game with 410 left in 2q  but catholic only leads 72.
 last shot time for lchs...at the half lchs 9   hempfield 2 half @andybrackets llhoops
 i wish i wouldve been old enough to attend and experience the up in smoke tour in 2000 
 at the half. catholic 9 hempfield 2. yes. this is basketball 
 hempfield starting to drive to the bucket..get to the line lchs 17 hempfield 8   335
 cutting up marijuana leaves on green paper for a project and were getting so many funny looks 
 if theres smoke  theres fire. if so  the white house is about to burst into flames. trump holding a rally saturday in response. wtf
 lchs burns another to to save possession good move at this point in the game. fouls to give by hempfield
 @michele86455429 sry about the weed thing  just wanted to throw you off for a sec lmao
 cannot wait for recreational weed sales...black market dealers really losing their edge
 lchs 30 hempfield 18 150 left in the game. foul game coming up. @andybrackets
 yall fw a smokeout selu
 my patient was getting a breathing treatment today and tell me why his dumbass why inhaling the smoke and trying to blow it out 
 icon created for a medical marijuana company based in colorado nothing beats working from home skillspaybills 
 but it was hella weed though so im tight
 as a devoted child of god  and catholic i will be giving up weed for lent... wish me luck ladies
 why did i never notice carrie fisher on weeds
 yo my grandma just asked do you know anyone who gave me that marijuana 
 hemp for cows colorado approves hempanimal feed study 
 @sethrogen @realdonaldtrump smokescreen and intimidation.
 first off you know i smoke
 it has been my greatest pleasure to be the first person to smoke sergio out  besties forever
 actual question if we assume all this smoke comes from a yuge russian fire  has there ever been a more treasonous act in american history
 . @jpetersoninutah sees discussion of allowing medical marijuana by lawmakers  but may not be as quick as before given new trump admin
 @jaronshiveley youre right. ive heard that marijuana thing has ruined lives and made people throw everything away. even kills people.
 @paigelegault i dont want to see a weedless paige 
 about to enter the golf club of weed dispensaries
 exactly what i thought  i didnt know  barbies smoked  
 @omfgiiz smoke some notes and study
 wish i just had an unlimited supply of weed . to smoke as i please .
 @sfmtamuni survey guy on the 45 smoking weed  cranking tunes on his apparentlymuni issue ipad. your tax  at work  sf.
 if you supreme made meth jesse would probably smoke it
 if supreme made meth jesse would most likely smoke it
 who has weed
 @realdonaldtrump people before govt.  really what you mean is blowing smoke so they wont focus on your lying  cheating world imploding
 soft amp smokey          d e e t s @elciecosmetics 
 sf261 new a bill for an act relating to prohibitions under the smokefree air act  and making penalties applicable. 
 a study is underway on the effects of using marijuana to treat ptsd in veterans 
 weed is patient. weed is kind. never has it ever deceived me 
 its true. i once saw some hooligans high on reefer callously wipe out thousands. the carnage went on for hours. 
 i love weed. it just gets me away from everything.
 i just want to smoke and listen to some music
 boobytrap impales michigan officer at medical marijuana grow operation 
 i wish i had a never ending blunt to smoke on whenever i wanted
 i wish babe wasnt sick so we could be laid up naked smoking some weed 
 lancaster catholic didnt hold the ball. hempfield didnt hold the ball. they shot a combined 5for32 in 1st half. 
 ld625 new an act to prohibit the location of a marijuana facility within 2 000 feet of a house of public worshi... 
 if one must have a terminal illness and we all do  i highly recommend medical cannabis. 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 @kattttieeee @bethanyyy12 you act like bethany has never smoked lmao
 10 min out from the first meeting this session on medical marijuana legalization. this is an organizational heari 
 i just heard weed referred to as giggle bush....
 s.212 sc compassionate care act would legalize medicinal cannabis for patients with certain ailments. dhec would regulate the program.
 blowing smoke  originally with all romace is now available as a selfpub on evil plot bunny 
 using hempwick is a fire hazard that im slowly but surely getting on board with.
 i made a shake with almond milk  bee pollen  grass fed organic irish butter and 20 leafs of a gorilla glue cannabis plant and i feel amazing
 all star weekend if your a celeb amp need high quality marijuana simply dm for inquiries  deliveries
 we saw in our study mission to denver the positive impact of the passage of recreational marijuana.  
 unpopularopinion old people shouldnt drive. so  why cant i have weed but senile oldies can commit manslaughter and its chill no jail
 smoking stale weed is the worst.
 @sosacaitlin your political party has nothing to do with your opinion on marijuana
 why is marijuana not legal in va yet is the real question
 city and county law enforcement have signed off on new marijuana diversion program  harris county da says. 
 he starts it off so brilliantly  admitting that current israeli arguments are obvious smokescreens. why deny what they believe
 @nytimes  trump will have to admit not omit his smoke amp mirrors game he play gets public angry about one thing well other things r occurring
 @duneinkaty lol you need some marijuana slugs like the hov slugs on the old i10
 premaflora  artisan cannabis from californias award winning cultivators is now within your grassp. get it delivere 
 premaflora  artisan cannabis from californias award winning cultivators is now within your grassp. get it delivere 
 premaflora  artisan cannabis from californias award winning cultivators is now within your grassp. get it delivere 
 @christinaktla okay well im in the medical marijuana dispensary business  how about them allowing our patients longer hours to get meds.
 @realdonaldtrump @jaysekulow trump needs 2 listen 2 jay amp weed out anyone connected 2 obama. barry on 132017 exposed more leaks in law
 i wish i could smoke in my house
 wattba  ill be able to witness and understand an impeachment of a sitting president. because when the smoke clears  its coming
 @realdonaldtrump on tv. had to leave room. he is a liar. smokescreen re. lying media. impeachtrump 
 @cp2austin exactly  smoke and mirrors... we can multitask we see his treason
 dont let the weed hold you back from your full potential .
 someone ask trump where i can buy weed cheaper than candy bars would make life way easier
 i wish weed was cheaper than a candy bar. 
 @svbigrx by selling weed or by getting into true cures of ailments and not just big pharma treatments eternally raiding your wallet.
 @igorvolsky @speakerryan just called amp told him to investigate the arson  not the smoke detector. put former acting ag sally yates in charge
 listen. id smoke myself and 50 of my closest friends into a coma if i could buy weed for the price of a candy bar. 
 @maddogunleashed dodgers just sell us smoke we really need a bullpen  the @twins second baseman. samestory highheat
 i let my black grow and my weed smoke 
 halloween weed candy.. tainted valentines hearts.. cheaperthanchocolate drugs show me  i am a skeptic dgl
 if you smoke weed everyday  you might be a crackhead
 student whats a good crop to grow here  gary nabhan marijuana salad 
 @joenbc but was it substantive or smoke
 who the hell eats and smokes at the same time  
 i literally stepped out of the uber and i found weed within 2 seconds 
   tobacco growers starting 2 to grow hemp  no thc in hemp plants  used in industry as a substitute for many items
 the first black woman to own a marijuana dispensary  i am beautiful 365 
 @aaledort @lawrence wish he was marijuana 
 hb411 new an act relating to the medical use of marijuana. 
 ahh yes lmk where i can get weed for 1.50 lololol cheaper than candy bars. 
 @gabrielmalor would be funny if story was planted to smoke out leakers.
 i be so confused when niggas take 20 mins to get weed at the dispensary ... but only come out with a gram what took so long to decide 
 shelby county commission committee votes to support medical marijuana. groundbreaking  
 this  coupled w the past 4 weeks of craziness  is all smoke amp mirrors for something bigger the admin is hiding   
 wish i could smoke right now lmfao
 listen to ts real shit by daron brim np on soundcloud  i just smoked a blunt a teared uptss
 yasmin what trendy was doing  logen smoking weed
 a flower never blooms if it holds on to the weeds below
 lets not worry why  grammys is again trending while nationalguard deportationsquads are being amassed. be the change not the smokescreen
 wish i had friends to smoke with 
 @vonntesse dude yesss. i never smoked with my previous jobs but it was serving that really did it. very stressful.
 e24 on scene 200 block of clark dr reporting smoke from interior establishing clarkcommand
 @ananavarro i see him sit in the oval asking himself..what smokescreen can i come up with 2daydisrespected the only latino 2b in cabinet 
 @ananavarro i see him sit in the oval asking himself..what smokescreen can i come up with 2daydisrespected the only latino 2b in cabinet 
 well i wanted to smoke 
 blowing smoke is on the release radar playlist on spotify @taylorraystweet  
 the encinitas city council has voted to start a process to allow commercial marijuana growing in their city 
 @apinteractive @ap how did you obtain it it was meant to smoke out the leakers. it never was implemented. maga 
 court records show trench coat flasher had gun  meth amp marijuana on him. police say he exposed himself whole week b 
 today at bevnet hq @nativejack nitro hemp thai coffee bevstagram hemp coldbrew cbd 
 today at bevnet hq native jack nitro hemp thai coffee bevstagram hemp coldbrew cbd 
 sf266 new a bill for an act relating to marijuana and cannabidiol by modifying penalties and creating a drug co... 
 h5555 new adult use of cannabis act 
 @paranoidlilshit lets smoke bruv
 video shouldamp039ve called the locksmith man arrested for possession of marijuana after cont 
 wish i can smoke that will defnitely help 
 i didnt lose my weed it was in my sock
 @epa its time to dismantle the myriads of rules and regulations that make our lives miserable weed out the most overreaching gov agency
 serious question is fentanyl in any marijuana at all  or is that just fearmongeringmisinformation
 i smoked a weeds 2xs and both times i am gay reallocate military funds
 @acebradley yeah dispensaries are by their nature trustworthy  but i wasnt sure how dangerous street weed potentially is.
 siri lowkey smoked me 
 edgy theory what if the plant from wall e was weed
 veterans w ptsd  people w cancer amp others unfairly discriminated w marijuana treatment 200 fee plus sales tax not for other meds scam
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 repost with repostlyapp attention all hookah smokers  distributors and  retailers please be 
 2explosions  smoke  the firing of weapons  and large numbers of uniformed police  military officers  and protesters.  and snipers.
 agreed congress is using trump as a smoke screen to quietly undue all of obamas administration. 
 you are my favorite tiny sour weed in the entire universe 
 oregon | weed delivered to your front door could be reality under new colorado bill  aliciawallace lovesminiblog
 @ap this man is trying his best2 smokescreen the nation 4his wrongs.the press must nt giv upinformation is power.good or bad we need 2 knw
 only fw that rapper weed
 @ktla lost our sign at hemphills rugs amp carpets east 17th costa mesa 
 i wish i could put into words how much i love weed
 pretty sure i just got my weed in a pogs tube
 please follow my pal @swayzesghost  4 more to the time for weed number
 @toneqapo i think brizz wins in a good battle. twork needs more battles to season enough to beat brizz i just dont think he getting smoked
 i keep everything neutral i just want 2 smoke a leaf.
 @postbaron post not biased   tucker carlson smoked you out.  i believe nothing in that socalled paper.  
  hillary clinton amp kate mckinnon had a girls night out in nyc . no fun we think we should smoke a joint  
 no doubt about it. hes the perfect smokescreen. 
  @ smokeeaters 
 someone come over nd listen to records smoke nd color w me
 i wish i could smoke weed and be sleepy  happy  and hungry
 this is exactly what i want all the time and we smoke 
 i wish more than anything nora could smoke a cig with me right now
 ion smoke salvia but this boy held me in his arms  sheltered me from the rain  and put the pipe to my mouth so i guess i do smoke salvia now
 bittersweet win for shs coach hank weedin denying pirates of a win on 100 yr celebration. glad my former teammate w 
 @lautncr .... ive never heard of grinder its a sub sandwich i mean.. i have a grinder for my weed  but.
 cue post indoor 800m smokers cough
 boys basketball class c quarterfinals set cooperstownsouth lewis  waterville@lfmounties . @tullyathleticsherkimer  weedsportonondaga
 never trust a nigga who smokes blacks and had a cracked phone
 we couldve smoked together 
 because the cops took my weed
 5 stars for the weed delivery in la.
 hate talking off my lipgloss to smoke
 should i smoke a cigarette in the rain
 i wish i had friends to smoke with.. 
 champagne and weed for the win  
 barstool smokeshows is the most disgusting and degrading thing in the entire world and my opinion on that will never change
 cant wait to treat her out on this date she deserves as much red lobster  sushi  weed  liquor  booty rubs  sex amp jacuzzi time as she wants.
 i wish i can smoke
 @realdonaldtrump  very effective because we can not go forward without weeding out from within
 wish i had someone to smoke with right now.
 off now time to smoke. yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas  @carrowine
 stiggronis because pineapple  campari and smoke punt e mes are a match made in heaven 2 parts stiggins 1 part c 
 i just need to get an iv of weed my brother
 wish i could smoke right now 
 time to smoke this dutch and enjoy the rain
 smoking weed makes your public hairs grow thats why you smoke weed so that women could see that
 wish i could smoke amp drink the hurt away... i cant amp im being buried in it...
 i smoke and feel everything
 this beat deserves hennessy  a bad bitch and a bag of weed the holy trinity
 smoke some weed and study hard my uber driver
 im just up. and really could smoke again
 finna smoke a roach blunt
 joaquin just gave us weed pasta whyyyyyy
 i wish i had a wrap right now so i could smoke 
 hb07092 new an act concerning smoke detection and warning equipment in residential buildings. 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 @ginestracey   cotton   vs   weed ....  both are  plants  grown  around the world marketed for many positive  produ 
 @brendannyhan your words in meunich appreciated @senjohnmccain but see this thread. bannon using you as a smoke screen
 cops took all my weed 
 thats when half the world got the smoke their halftime j 
 so they abuse police to protest police abuse   is that equivalent to smoking a joint while protesting legalizing marijuana
 @alexnowrasteh im sure theyll replace it with a cannabis leaf
 would i smoke this bitch yes prolly fail my piss test
 all white girls do is smoke cigs and post snapchats w the dog filter dont @ me
 then read the bible it says the smoke of satan will enter the holy place 
 help me reach my goal of over 1k plays  listen to free smoke volume 1 full tape by fasa davinci np on soundcloud 
 interesting  rumblings national guard fake memo was ploy to smoke out the leaker 
 @realdonaldtrump.need more research for benefits of medical marijuana. relief for many illnesses in a healthier way 
 larain major wind gust ripped off portion of building at signage at hemphills rugs amp carpets on east 17th street 
 @molratty joes on weed bucktownwicker park. i say joes on weeeed mannnnn as homage to half baked
 1 2 a b.c. supreme court judge ruled tuesday that municipalities have the right to regulate marijuana dispensaries and cities have the
 everything else is a smoke screen. 
 another win for marijuana comedy
 @1future dropped the greatest album of all time especially to smoke to
 if you smoke funny cigarettes  shoot that whiskey  you shake them hips  like a hip  hip  
 @hope4youandme @annenortonnow @alllibertynews @awayfromthekeys @babdoc @justinamash total smokescreen they are a bunch of liars
 @amjoyshow  what is concerning is the republican congress using 45s outrages as a smokescreen while they shove through koch legislation.
 rim lions smoke show @ hillyards rim lions 
 you know i use to roll with dre with dr. dre thats right dr. dreymond green  my weed man.
 i had a dream my nana gave me 96 worth of weed and a 600 card and she said you better leave now bc this world is coming to a end lmao.
 man i wish i hadnt quit smoking weed. i wish i had a blunt rn.
 5 likes and @bradmcdougaldx will post a video of him playing smoke on the water
 @saucyystoned lmao i wish i couldnt grow a weed 
 2017 grinnell christian church chili cook off  let the games begin. @ jumbies smokehouse  
 i was touring an apartment amp it strongly smelled like weed amp the v obv baked guy who lives there asked me if im down to smoke w him lmao
 ctr  dsu mens 4 x 800meter relay team  hermann  hemphill  tejada and harming  2nd  819.97  allconference wearedsu
 all white girls do is smoke cigs and post snapchats w the dog filter dont @ me 
 sb1107 new natalie m. laprade medical cannabis commission  medical cannabis grower licenses  maximum 
 sweet leaf dispo in flint got the best weed and dispensary i done been too off rip
 he dont mind smoking their weed though or using that pretty smile and fake charm to make everyone think hes nice though. 
 tcu with the best sideline smokes in big 12.  sicem has talent though kubball
 @loudobbs   lou any truth to this  national guard fake memo was scheme to smoke out the leaker
 @seanhannity   any truth to this  national guard fake memo was scheme to smoke out the leaker
 @varneyco any truth to this story  national guard fake memo was scheme to smoke out the leaker
 @cvpayne  any truth to this story  national guard fake memo was scheme to smoke out the leaker
 @dubescoops oh sry i didnt even notice  shouldnt have smoked that 5th bowl lmao sry  hope this is better
 should president trump continue the federal govts hands off policy on marijuana which has allowed the legal sale in 27 states.
 dont believe the smoke and mirrors. obama accomplished more than trump at this point in his admin. economic crisis 
 vote marijuanavoters president trump should continue the federal govts hands off policy on marijuana allowing legal sale in 27 states.
 real friends smoke together via facetime when u cant hang out in person  @bruhdidas @mdursitti @kingseyeview
 @courtenright lmfao im done i wish i could smoke cause that would literally be me
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  keep gassing to this straight
 time really does change things gone are the days when ya could order a chateau brion and a martini and still smoke on an airplane...
 no foul dude was laying all over him as he shot. holy smokes..
 parents went to colorado and ill i got was a shirt..wheres the weed tho
 wish i had a lil boyfriend to smoke all this weed with 
 the encinitas city council has voted to start a process to allow commercial marijuana growing in their city 
 start cultivating cotton crops in the south. and hemp crops throughout the state for fiber  paper etc.
 im at smokes 4 less in pleasant valley  ny 
 i keep my eyes wide open  cause ithink i c smoke amp fire  amp may b i did it on purpose  well u cant blame a grl 4 tryn  mayb well b the stars
 now on demand on  plus orville rogers 99 and dixon hemphill 92 in the 60m 
 @jimcummingsacme we want you at  the worlds first marijuana comic book amp fantasy convention
 meghan mccain amp her ilk are a great example. im a republican with a tattoo amp piercings i smoke pot  too 
 @chiefngb @usnationalguard  this was put out to smoke out leaks win trump govt. the news is fake but the leaks are real.
 whenever i smoke i get real clingy 
 whatever clarence gave me to smoke yesterday had me high for 5 hrs lol
 i just tried a briscuit for the first time ever and it was so good and smokey ahhhh
 really fuckin wish i could smoke
 advertising blacks for trump 2020 would weed out people like shermichael singleton who dared to criticize trump 
 @stewarthaasrcng @disupdates @fs1 @mrnradio @siriusxmnascar wont be the same without smoke. 
 michael phelps smokes weed  and hes the greatest olympian of all time. if that doesnt tell you anything idk what does 
 devin dixons no.58 went up in smoke before he could complete a lap in group 2 time trials. dirtcarnats
 you cant a put a 10 sack in a wood unless you cut it  idk why people use the whole leaf just smoking more tabbacoo than weed
 yo @uvmtj03   just had some smoked haddock chowdah
 hb1482 new health  medical cannabis grower  processor  and dispensary licenses  sale or transfer and forfeiture 
 all star weedend @ on the northside  
 its sadderday and i can smell the ganja from a mile awayyyy
 @paleblueeyes24 how long has she pretended to be a christian obviously no one has to be  why pretend to be all smoke and mirrors
 you could have stopped this hillary if you had just promised to legalize marijuana you would get those damn millennials to the polls
 holy smokes what a almost full court buzzer beater shot by shaq carr at the half
 everything is gray his hair  his smoke  his dreams
 another smutterday post  this one for blowing smoke 
 that whole business of not taking a salary was such a lame attempt at a smokescreen. 
 @dannied2112  i guess he was rigjt leafs were smoked
 @dannied2112  leafs were smoked
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 @itsmekaydubb presents  my weed  stream and download my weed by @itsmekaydubb produced by 
 who has weed
 she only leaves the hospital to go smoke with me 
 mainstream media his media is the enemy bs is appalling  but its a smokescreen. dont fall for it. russian influence is the only story.
 who has weed
 when ur hair smells dank but you didnt smoke lt
 okay real question.... how did someone discover weed  and what was their experience after getting gloriously high fr though 
 okay real question.... how did someone discover marijuana  and what was their experience after getting gloriously high fr though 
 okay real question.... how did someone discover marijuana  and what was their experience after getting gloriously high fr though 
 i wish i was cool enough for people to offer me weed so that i could use these 
 this guy really just gave me free weed...  lit
 @cheapseats411 @chrisrichardspd @1800westmadison right and the smoke and the organ gave the stadium atmosphere. best building ever.
 some guy wanted to tip me with weed at the drivethru.....
 i might just be iight enough looking for free weed and a meal  i never would of thought my ugly ass could
 @katanahugo l have fybromilgia it effect your sleep l smoke medical pot to help me cope it vs
 if i didnt smoke yes 
 trump keeps saying the white house is a smooth running machine. except  in reality  its got nothing but smoke blowing out of its ass.
 twins weed suuuuucks
 listen to smoke dope and rap by andre nickatina np on soundcloud 
 we can smoke it together.
 its 420 but i dont have any weed lt3
 listen to smoke in the blinds ghost  tabernacledta  coop by new world slaughta np on soundcloud tune in  
 time to chain smoke cigs and drink coffee and blast the story so far and drive.
 gop establishment using 45 as a smokescreen to finally get their way. textbook short game thinking  not to mention 
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke 
 i need some weed to smoke   the alcohol i want is all must 200 a 5th xo hennessy
 @lilxgrape ive been meaning to record a guitar cover of smoke em for like 5 years
 lets all stick together amp come out of the cannabiscloset amp let the world know we all  smokeweed it is way better 
 hennessy  pleny weed  do you have anything stronger
 pulled over to help a car on the e way  and the couple smoked me out
 @hippieoflove becca...baked every chance canabis arises..
 wish i had some fucking weed to smoke
 having pneumonia makes me that much more happy im not a smoker. having trouble breathing is the worst.
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 @montelwilliams show some respect mr television its president trump not donald also quit being a racist. all that weed is making you stupid
 holy smokes  what a race theclash
 @1percy i respect your opinion. but weed didnt stop me from graduating  getting a job  going to college  nor joining the army so... 
 wish i had some weed to smoke on my brake 
 once again.. vegas oasis medical cannabis presidents day specials vegascannabiscommunity 
 25 shot of hennessy xo.  dopest dope ive ever smoked. 
 we smoke and listen to real music
 really really hoping that space jesus  rezz  liquid stranger  and ganja white knight get night time sets @ the stage inside sheerwood.
 @1percy cant blame the weed though. thats just lack of self control. i get where youre coming from though
 you dolts  they didnt want white christian hypermilitarized ultracapitalism  they wanted gay weed hypermilitarized ultracapitalism
 like if you think medical weed should be legal for patients everywhere 
 redwood smoke shack elote. right off the grill redwoodbbq elote corn grilled bbq 
 everything is gray  his hair  his smoke  his dreams...
 sf1140 new noxious weed grant program implementation and appropriation 
 going to smoke the l and listen to rap...
 is that a win for @clublegenddfs in nascar holy smokes this man does it alll 
 is that you  @mesasquatch ... or just some other sasquatch covered in marijuana leaves no judgements 
 fck your opinion  smokeout conversations  
 my perfect world is where everything is made with hemp and help eliminate big companys that are greedy and kill the earth so we can save it
 amazing rug featuring metal madetoorder sizes amp colors at hemphills rugs amp carpets costa mesa newport beach 
 although the enemy may plant weeds amongst the crop  as long as we keep planting good seeds they will grow amp never 
 although the enemy may plant weeds amongst the crop  as long as we keep planting good seeds they will grow amp never 
 tfw you get to choose your own medical marijuana card pic. 
 hemp for cows colorado approves hempanimal feed study denver7 
 @hightimesmag interesting kinnnda makes me wonder what happened to the poor chickens  though.  oh well  look at this fab hemp car
 i think the marijuana leaf is the real four leaf clover  but with five leaves
 i think the marijuana leaf is the real four leaf clover  but with five leaves
 when you post a snapchat story saying your bf has weed to sell goalsaf 
 read and or listen to the bible daily genesis 13 mitosis 31. buy us savings bonds future farmers of america against smoke amp chew industry.
 my 16 yr old may beat me 1on1 but i  just smoked him in around the world. feelingyoung
 @bigpoppa21 pero anocheeeee. take a hit  best remedy. i wish i smoked still 
 one of the very best things about this city is how everything here projects power and authority but  also  it smells like weed half the time
 i smoke right now a girl would bitten it up a lot better for me to qwit otherwise i dont want that bull shit they feed you in treet ment
 oh truth i always wish i was smokey  
 northview boys moments away from seeing their sectional draw. knights watching it together at ricks smokehouse in 
 no actually  god sent trump so we could weed out the racists. 
 the dean of students at my school called the cops on a student for marijuana....
 im prolly rollin up some weed ya never heard about
 i want to institute islamic sharia law  and would prefer to install hillary clinton as our supreme caliph. we shall make gay weed mandatory
 chocolatetown last game was 8th gr final  hershey vs. hempfield  went 2ot  check @joeycorado pass to davey loyd fo 
 yes you can smoke with me
 i wish i knew how to smoke 
 marijuana cannabis weed  it is an exciting time  and as the cannabis industry grows so will our practice rea 
 @thehill @mehsenmekhtfe trump doesnt smoke but he is 100 expletive deleted delusional.
 @deven whatcha mean father mine went to get a pack of smokes when i was 9 and never came back
 a colorado town is getting a marijuana shop with a... 
 because its more than a plant to me. and  who doesnt love weed thc 
 hemp for cows colorado approves hempanimal feed study denver7 
 bro i wish i just can smoke weed and street race
 how many cute  smart  sexy  smokers are left in the world 7
 total stoner moment just smoked weed so i could cry
 how many black millionaires are in the colorado weed game 
 @dietpeachsoda weed is whatever though not my thing  but i will never condone recreational drug use  its just lame af
 in an interview with leaf science  dr. gary wenk theorizes that cannabis is good for brain 
 i wish weed was oxygen
 trump continuously barks about his big winamp does all that conman smokeampmirrors shit cuz he knows he barely slid in lets get all news to
 i done smoked all my dabs and ate all my thc candy.  nothing compares to a solo blunt though.
 wish i had more people to smoke with 
 who wants to ft while i smoke this l
 @sarahksilverman @presssec u are seriously blaming anti trump fakenews on trump honest question how much pot did u smoke today
 recognize toxic people and cut them out of your life. dont be afraid to pluck out some weeds.
 @uomorana update i may have smoked a joint and i am watching star trek wrath of kahn
 colorado town getting drivethru marijuana shop  
 if i cant smoke weed there i dont belong there
 wish uber had weed delivery 
  lets smoke together bit
 @clairexxallard1 youd be surprised at how fucking long rappers will smoke for at once
 better smoke me before i apologize
 @jacobfagan i will continue to refuse this is true and just smoke caused by other gms. honestly cant be that dumb
 @patrickruffini  the drugs of choice for trump supporters are alcohol and pain killers. pot smokers are too smart for trump.
 @meanstreetsoma  ofd b7 b6  e77 e71 e56  t63 t78  m77 e60r60  e71 found a heavy haze of white smoke inside
 damn dude i just want to smoke pero este rain c
 if you smoke everyday you a crackhead and real stingy idc goodlines
 this is a fascinating thread on felix sater  trumps russiaconnected former businness associate. lots of smoke her 
 hb448 new an act relating to industrial hemp. 
 surprise me amp pick me up late at night so i can smoke a blunt w you listen to your favorite tunes 
 have a listen. everything changes. dont worry about money. smoke your weed  hug a hippie thejoshuapaulshow 
 really wish someone would smoke this blunt with me 
 @hentwonce7 yeah i never heard anyone who uses weed   smokes and runs someone over like beer.
 exactly wtf are we doing if theres no weed 
 ltpetergt scoobydoo. reason enough to never get your pets high  especially on weed.
 im giving up weed and lent for alcohol samsa
 i remember when you could smoke in mt bethel diner
 ive noticed if i dont smoke a blunt before i sleep my dreams be so vivid 
 listen to smoke one prod. by truey lewis by trey t3 turner np on soundcloud 
 @potus a job  dignity respect and freedom of worship. its time for islam to rise up and weed out those among them the contaminate..@foxnews
 now im the one who wishes bri was up so we could smoke smh funny how the tables turn
 @dagenmcdowell  stuart may actually like nascar after attending a race. now the big question who is your driver now that smoke has retired
 so... r we getting the loft n philly r going to cali to grow weed 
 @toni3692 so the question of the day is that weed
 if i didnt post the blunt on snap i aint really smoke it.
 @ladylonewolf72 @myamerica120 trump tv we will smoke em
 wish you could venmeo weed
 had a dream that somebody smoked me out 
 @americanna amen yes weed do. lolol
 @garyraybetz @mama3cubs @nydailynews smoking marijuana doesnt make people pathological liars  mental illness does.
 why trying to smoke this l with me though or ima have to face it alone
 i had a dream that i smoked dmt using a bolo.  can you even do that
 do you wana smoke some marijuana patient 
   drivethru weed shops are happening  goddess bless 
 former police officer just testified that medical marijuana is his last savior after on the job injury  can no longer take pharmaceuticals
 gen mattis needs to weed out the crazies from @realdonaldtrump  whitehouse. otherwise this president will keep emba 
 pa. begins accepting applications for medical marijuana program 
 this blunt we about to smoke though @soulmequeen 
 wish i had friends to smoke with
  im feeling way better...  as i smoke this gizzle
 went to krispy kreme at 230am and the drive through guy asked if i had weed and he would hook me up w free donuts  love colorado 
 pass me the green i need some weed with my hennessy
 @deray @billmaher he lives on a hill in westwood. he smokes his green and could give a damn.
 how do people smoke roaches
 man i wish i had some weed up in my system
 the worst is not being able to smoke about it... yaboyquitblazin
 @bridgethughes my favorite was the time i smoked before a fh game amp ate an entire bag of trail mix  passed out on the bus amp couldnt run
 all the leeches in america  were hoping hillary would be president well no more free phones  communicate by smokeget to work
 whats the buzz tiny seeds with big benefits. heres whats inside chia  hemp  and flax that matters 
 yall just want weed. free weed on my first tour hold me to that. 
 @alexembee smoke a little and then listen to her.
 @aaronjfentress the obsession with cs those years ended up being our biggest mistake ever. the way mj smoked drexler in the finals...geez.
 great  another psycho bigot to blow smoke up trumps ass. this is one big racist orgy we are witnessing. 
 @jwalklnp do you know who is covering hempfield game tonight
 @llhoops who is covering hempfield game tonight
 where there is smoke there is a wire
 who tryina smoke
 you know its spring time in lawrence county when everything is smokey from the controlled burns in bankhead
 council seeks waiver from rule preventing philly from hosting medical marijuana dispensary 
 i didnt realize i was performing at a weed dispensary last night until i had the urge to listen to grateful dead
 needa post up and smoke a black
 deadass about to try some smoked oysters
 i wish i had a j so i could smoke instead of cry
 @littleshasta @rparisee @annmcc123 @glennmcmillan14 @peterdiane01 @carolhusband my mp is blair minister of weed and part time cunt he silent
 smoking weed im in the stars 
 when all you do is smoke leafs so you become one @gonzalezyesmani 
 one time for the lifers 2xs for the weed  3xs for the artist  20thcenturykids
 theres this video i just saw of grandmas smokin weed for the first time and i am dyinggg
 more seniors turning to marijuana for relief from aches and pains  
 @willienelson my dads dream is to smoke with you at your show in sioux city 
 yall smoke with anybody fr fr 
 nowait weed colo. approves first drivethru marijuana dispensary 
 tomatoes being transported in leamington. the smoke stack of the former heinz processing factory can be seen... 
 @72ziggy hot pic love that smokey black latex.
 i really wish i could smoke rn 
 i wish it was legal to smoke marijuana in mississippi.
 i wish i could smoke. i be irritated 80 of the time
 i midkey be wanting to just smoke away some of my stress.
 from 2015 to infinity its still bomb weed amp hennessy
 tangential hs basketball quote du jour smokey  this is not nam ... there are rules. 
 colorado is getting drivethru dispensaries while marijuana is still illegal in most parts of the country  
 colorado is getting drivethru dispensaries while marijuana is still illegal in most parts of the country  
 i wish my brother was here to smoke w me 
 really just need to smoke. im so out of it amp wish i has someone to keep me company
 ok so tonight was a reality check  that was best weed ive ever had or im getting old timers disease early . fuuucking wow
 richard nixon and ronald reagan did everything they could to criminalize hemp and associate it with being a gateway
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke
 holy smokes  two extremely close polls in this one. latest poll winners robert plant rod stewart kurt cobain roy orbison
 @scrowder u smoke
 i wish my mom would just chill tf out and smoke a b with me
 only smoke crazy glue
 before i left 30th street station  someone outside asked me for a lighter so he could smoke his blunt. but he didnt even share. so rude.
 @realrovert33 aye did u smoke that bubba i served them niggas today they got a whole bag of it 
 smoking tip exhaling makes you lose 96 of the smoke
 why do ppl run their mouths bc i smoke weed lmao why does that concern u
 the worst day of my life was when me liana and dagmar drove around for 3 hours looking for a place to smoke bc we wanted to be adventurous
 wish i was in atlanta so i could smoke a cig in the bar 
 listen to smoke on outro by 6fo93 np on soundcloud 
 but wheres the weed   fake ass drug dealers   @ me though
 @young6mot do you think more  than 20 negroes can ever smoke in peace with tranquil @ the same time
 this kid at work today asked for a regular swisher n i told him he prob eats butt since he smoke cardboard
 hello someone ft me while i smoke
 this deadass me and my man when we smoke weed together 
 @randy6517 @donlemon @cnn @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity weedhuffing racefascists who swear allegiance to ignorance  violence amp idleness.
 and the extremely invasive ground elder  also known as bishops weed. all video footage is recorded by me on the gopro hero 2.
 sweden charitable to accept th syrians. lets listen to facts watch what he does. hes using fake news as a smoke screen. so much chaos.
 video  heavy smoke billowing out of a fire at the winthrop post office. courtesy stephanie roach lafavor 
 im never smoking the weed that gave me this moment of clarity ever again after i finish this 8th 
 breathing smoke is bad breathing tymberskan smoke is deadly. 
 new  post master generals office says a clerk at winthrop post office noticed smoke coming from a ceiling tile. 
 dude in my religion class just gave the most smoked out 20 mins answer for a question that required 1 word. great start.
 @davidgoodfrined lib dems wanted weed n now we r a nation of potheads look what it has done to denver ruined it.america higher together
 heard my gm talking a few weeks ago about cbd being taken away thinking she was talking about cannabis cbd.. nope just cafe based delivery 
 let my black hair grow and my weed smoke 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 .@varneyco @katyturnbc  you need help4 u.holy smokes the fakenews liberals are going to be unhinged again 
 stakeholders engagement meeting on the report the health effects of cannabis and cannabinoids  health and medicine division
 @rentuws @terrymendozer @montelwilliams @potus  will it erase  hillary lewinski admiration for margaret sanger blks  like human weeds
 the fact that tyler the creator doesnt smoke and still acts the way he does is why i fw him 
 when he leaves you weed to smoke alone   iloveyou couplegoalswedodaily stonerchiks highlife illuminati 
 testing a new place @ smoke shack bbq 
 . sirens sandwiches in pleasant hill. try the smokejumper  with 1 alarm sauce.  @ pleasant 
 the @foodchannels cheap eats will feature four stl rest @pintsizebakery  @kingsidestl  dalies smokehouse  amp @capitalistpig airs 223 9pm
 sb386 new creating wv medical cannabis act 
 jk marijuana is literally probably the only reason i dont have a police record tbh.
 any other time in history  the 3 brothers are given a blindfold  a smoke  and a pole to cuff their hands behind th 
 i wish yall could smell this weed lol
 from @waterdeeply why californias cannabis industry will lead water innovation  tnx @waterportal  cawater
 smoked out at the smoke shack 
 why do foreign students smoke so many cigarettes
 its funny cause they asked the class what we wanted to do 85 of that class are majors of horticulture wanting to grow marijuana..
 study study study.... smoke weed idk
 just wish i could smoke without dying off the blunt bru
 dont you just hate when you run into a big  of cigarette smoke. i swear its the fucken worst
 i listen to a lot of music when i smoke but my favorite is the doors 
 trump denied discrimination but said his managers tried to weed out tenants. what we didnt do was rent to welfare cases  white or black.
 ha now the third potclub employee is here mentioning vomit outside bars. says pot smokers dont come in just to get trashed. sb63
 @realdonaldtrump what do you smoke exactly 
 ive never been stingy when it came to weed 
 @nysappeals @rmfifthcircuit @isamuel @firstmondaysfm might be too deep in weeds but well see if we can make it interesting enough
 actual conversation i heard at zephyrs last night  axper what are you talking about a q50 would smoke an e400
 i wish weed still gave me that feeling that it used to..idk wat happened
 black charger or smoke grey 
 medical marijuana and the legislative process ksatnews 
 i wasted weed on the rugs in the bathroom and like a true cluck im down here getting it up.
 @jarrodthompson my bad the team with two injury prone star players and a 3rd who smokes a bowl a day should be.
 somebody should smoke me out and the lord shall bless you amen
 @jarrodthompson no. bell and ben injury prone  bryant smokes a bowl a day
 interactive polls whats your opinion on the medical marijuana debate ksatnews 
 wrong bernardos crackhead doppleganger tbh he prob not a crackhead he smell like weed.
 wish my sister would smoke with me itd be the funniest thing
 fort bend  waller county das not following oggs lead on new marijuana policy 
 @mpavictoria shatter is a very potent extract of cannabis made using a solvent  commonly butane  but can be hexane etc
 twp 15 hemp 14.  2 37 to go
 twp 17 hemp field 16 after one llhoops @andybrackets
 18 all 7 to go hemp vs twp llhoops
 so many questions... exactly whats being smoked @ barclays center 
 twp 26 hemp field  24 boys 6a llhoops @andybrackets
 12 stats.  reb hemp  5 twp 16. tovers hemp 2 twp 5.  hemp  922. twp 11 for 23
 @mcdermf17 but im sure someone who made up a tweet  made a stupid remark in another and has weed in their pic is a very smart person 
 if anyone in colorado is hiring entry level positions at a medical cannabis dispensary in colorado  please let me know. wotc perks  veteran.
 wemetontwitter i asked her to match but didnt have no weed shorty took me for what i had and gave me what i didnt. 
 @denistheg0d smokes stress
 twp 42 hemp field  39. 321 to go.  both teams in bonus.  twp ball
 twp 49 hemp 48.  16 ticks. twp ball
 mellott sinks both to put @streakshoops up then 3 from hempfield ties it at 51 @lancastersports @gametimepasc 
 twp clears the bench. hemp moves on
 @aaronclayblue award winning dish smoked ora king salmon  sturia caviar  fennel  caraway seed  
 final hemp field  62 twp 56 ot @gametimepasc @andybrackets  boys 6a
 f e b r u r a y  25th  smokers only queenzfinest718 x b.0yay for info longlivechinx  
 we straight ran inside and took smokey with us hahah
 experiencing a too intense cannabis high here are some tips that may help showgrowla cultivatechange 
 i smoked so much kush i live in green screen world now everything greenscreen so i kan see thru these fake mfs
 @jwalklnp also hempfield dominated them in 1st half and second half came out cold
 whitehousescentedcandles despair blended with failed casino smoke.
 holy shit amazon now is awesome  i wish they could deliver weed though.
 love the episode of goosebumps where the kids find out their dad is a marijuana plant
 theres not enough medical marijuana in australia  so its speeding up imports  via @appygeek
 theres not enough medical marijuana in australia  so its speeding up imports  via @appygeek
 i believe bri gave me some dope and i smoked jt 
 handmade natural four leaf clover necklace on hemp  chain or r by fernwehfreya   via @etsy
 i let my black hair grow amp my weed smoke
 i wish it was nice enough i could go outback amp smoke
 a treatment facility in california is using cannabis to help treat addiction.   cannabis health addiction
 listen to smoke on outro by 6fo93 np on soundcloud 
 johnson county prosecutors and judges are  jailing pot smokers without obtaining evidence  and wo protest from the defense bar. gulp.
 great broke and somebody took my smokes
 i agree with my opponent jack that guadagnothechicken silentkimcantwin too scared to debate.  no substance all smoke amp mirrors
 i agree with my opponent @jackciattarelli that guadagnothechicken silentkimcantwin too scared to debate.  no substance all smoke amp mirrors
 milpitas city council votes unanimously  to extend moratorium on commercial and industrial use of marijuana milpitas citycouncil
 payoff went up in smoke 
 wish a nigga would like a tree in this bitch and if a leaf falls put some weed in that shit thats my mo add a b to 
  smoke some bihh 
 i let my black hair grow and my weed strong.
 anime an weed anyone lol
 crack  hoe you know where to go  imma ride for the weed james m. mir ahhh donald trump @realdonaldtrump
 can weed help with arthritis pain serious question.
 intercourse the casinos. whats the big deal they are delaying our weed
 i got ls on my record  weed on the vinyl
 yes javi. but lets not let this be a smokescreen for trumprussia where it all began. 
 i got ls on my record.... weed on the vinyl
 she my weed roller  i got new music out   link in my bio  
 is this joeys world tour but with weed 
 brb going to listen to one for me  dream a little about my future  and smoke this last bowl
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 only on @nbc2 city of cape coral considering 6 month moratorium on med marijuana dispensaries. will be discussed during april cow meeting
 frickin @uglyassfucks guitar guy took off after the show w my weed pipe again
 holy smokes just remembered its wednesday  which means itl will be out shortly right @kvandewalker @hometownguy33
 @kaleeey i wish you all the best. your mom will need lots of help  my smoked for years.
 ty crespo of manheim township lays in two against hempfield in a piaa district 3 p1st round 
 i had a very realistic dream that i was hanging out and smoking weed with barack obama. needless to say  i woke up very disappointed.
 big win by hempfield last night on the hardwood. heres what they got lined up on the field this year.  
 a first look at incredible numbers  americas marijuana industry headed for 24 billion by 2025 
 @cnn trump wants to revive conservatism  marijuana president barack obama for eight years  leaving the united states out of morality
 @nbcnews trump wants to revive conservatism  marijuana president barack obama for eight years  leaving the united states out of morality
 @nytimes trump wants to revive conservatism  marijuana president barack obama for eight years  leaving the united states out of morality
 @potus trump wants to revive conservatism  marijuana president barack obama for eight years  leaving the united states out of morality
 just yet another beautiful day dawning in colorado. excited to see what today in the cannabis industry brings so many great people and ideas
 trump wants to revive conservatism  marijuana president barack obama for eight years  leaving the united states out of morality
 lmao when my dumb ass mentioned weed to the police she said ima act like i didnt hear that 
 medical marijuana commission approves final rules  but who ensures patient safety  arpx mmot arnews
 prolly on weed and codeine
 i could write novels about why we should legalize marijuana but im in oklahoma and everyones so close minded 
 cape coral could press pause on medical marijuana dispensaries 
 court is such a drag like deadass holy smokes
 is this considered a weed undesirable plant out of place 
 dutch parliament votes to regulate marijuana cultivation  cannabis pharma hcsmeu
 this explains our life when we lived together all we did was cook smoke and eat  
 holy smokes that was a life saver. smh.
 a flower never blooms if it holds onto the weeds below 
 world of cannabis
 @foxandfriends @michellemalkin its a smoke screen.  the liberals stir up the storm and then provide the means for the storm to unleash.
 the only thing i smoke is scrubs like you on the court 
 guess karma came bacc to me how i lose near an ounce of weed...im tite. no one took it from me tho 
 u ever skip a meal and just smoke a cig instead ha ha ha ha ya me either ....
 @epascottpruitt industrial hemp clean burning fuels  millions of jobs  hemp farmers research distributors  cleane 
 rolled and smoked leaves. 
 high life hazard  fire  smoke prealert  campus dr urbana @urbanafire urbana high school @fcpsmaryland disp e152
 @thehill this guy @joenbc  aint serious. he cant be.  im seeing what he sees so i know hes blowing yellowish smoke out of his a.
 love this blog post on nico lahood could be saving bexar county more than 9 million a year on marijuana @sidbark 
 the pruitt emails confirm that another cartoon villain is in the trump admin.   waiting for lester lightbulb  smokey amp greenzo to rise up.
 im doing my anatomy and physiology project on marijuana. i think the best way to teach about it is if we hotbox the classroom  science
 @iwcorriher that team was smoke and mirrors all year long. oddly enough  i feel like that was one of ks best reg season coaching jobs ever
 i took the smokey pledge  just do it
 i wish i could smoke a blunt and forget   that shit is not real 
 hotboxing in the rain is too 5 best ways to smoke. undisputed
 funny how the word sleep disappeared from my vocabulary when i stopped smoking weed. 
 how can one label marijuana a drug marijuana is a god given plant
 i want my house to be like patrick stars. but instead of everything being made out of sand its some sticky weed
 everything is grey. his hair  his smoke  his dreams.
 wish i had somebody to smoke with 
 oh the places we will smoke lol down under manhattan bridge  @ 
 the legal marijuana industry in colorado netted one billion dollars in revenue last year. greenrevolution legalize resist
 @thinkprogress why have i never heard of these magical bales of marijuana man  this war on drugs ruins everything.
 now im weedless
 my landlords tried to make me admit that i smoke weed here in my apartment complex. i lied cause they say they saw found swisher papers
 holy smoke 99 does this count as tantra sex plenty of sexual awakenings within this erotic drama. 3 of 5 filmreview
 @scicoalition @harvard illness cannot be attributed to smoking bcz ppl who dont smoke have the same symptoms. but u are specialists @lying.
 i keep everything neutral i just wanna smoke a leaf gogetthemoney
 this guy is all smoke and mirrors 
 looking like golf season  first match today at smoke rise  gooooooo 
 now onto potential medical marijuana regulations.
 like i can pay 300 for some harvard medical pedigreed marijuana middle man to look at my health records or fund the local economy 
 i heard you smoke weed who hasnt
 i genuinely wish i liked smoking weed bc i could use about 80 blunts right now
 all girls do is cheat  smoke blacks and play the victim even if its they fault  hi laniya 
 this letter came from the state capitol in austin when i went to visit talking about marijuana 
  love how smoke treat me other than that mouth lmfao 
 @annabd20 @baalter funny how the guy accusing trump admin of disarray is the guy colluding wrussians. smokescreen much
 @soxfaneast wish i was smoken something
 on this amendment threatens to limit suppliers of medical marijuana extract  via @argusleader
 matty was smoking weed under the table at the brit awards with george. if thats not me
 the smell of weed in this train cart is unbelievable.
 need weed amp attention 
 texas parents treat daughters severe autism with marijuana vapor  results are stunning 
 @dougsaunders or started putting marijuana inside nuclear weapons themselves
 hey aficionados join us this sunday february 26 as we watch the race  and smoke some great cigars the race star 
 i wish i could smoke
 walked down the street today  2 weed men together asked me for a job.... i wish i could had me thinking  they want out amp cant find out.
 today i was given the worst news that i cant smoke anymore so i need somebody to put me on to whoever is selling edibles asap
 i dont fw filter in my woods but i rlly dont fw weed in my mouth so im so on the fence
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smok.
 tammy gave me some weed 
 @brendannyhan blaming the media because the smoke is so thick they cant see the guys with the flamethrowers
 i smoke to much i will lose those memories in a second  
 i qualify for medical marijuana because i have a debilitating illness... crazy...
 my professor gave an example presentation on substance abuse in class today..apparently street names for weed are ganga  grass  and 420
 hf410 new a bill for an act classifying palmer amaranth as a primary noxious weed and an invasive plant and mak... 
 wish i could replace my weed addiction with a makealotofmoney addiction
 all behind the trump tweet circus smokescreen. 
 @cpehn @healthaccess do find them report to governor lt governor other legislators holding meetings smoke em
 @zvikaklein after i gave mike pence yarmulke and discussed weed out hate  
 @ravdk @potus @realdonaldtrump discussed weed out hate with vp today in st. louis and gave him yarmulke 
 i would do questionable things to be able to smoke with @sethrogen and james franco 
 this weed tea though
 damn wish i had smoke  
 maggis shit prolly smells like weed tbh amp im not sure about the other person  but im 99 sure they smoke too bc ive overheard a convo.
 my mom would deadass smoke me out  
 more ptsd patients want safe amp legal access to medical marijuana  gt  norml cannabis 
 i could chain smoke black amp milds
 hands down one of the worst elected officials in the state.  hempstead will continue to struggle as long as she sta 
 @alumni edgar u smoke 
 wish i could just study for this drug test. im tryna smoke. 
 interesting fact from voxs the weeds before medicaid expansion  people would divorce to lowereliminate their assets to qualify
 @tengop if toxic you mean due to smoke grenade that police are firing or amount of methane and gas emissions then yeah that can be toxic
 your retarded ass say there filming and breathing in that smoke for real 
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke
 i wish i could smoke with my parents  
 i need weed in sf now
 do u ever like... smoke a cig and wish it would last forevr
 sadly  everyone knew this was coming. all rs are on board based on their votes. there was not any smoke amp mirrors. 
 he is all smoke and mirrors  always has been. his biz record record is bot one of a leader  via @bipolitics
 he is all smoke and mirrors  always has been. his biz record record is bot one of a leader  via @bipolitics
 if i could just smoke weed and watch its always sunny all day every day i would never ever ever complain
 @meganshaye smoke some mota  it always helps
 @ericandre s show is like beetlejuice but more hip and a lot of weed
 lowkey highkey wish i had someone i could call who would be down to smoke at any given time lol
 i condition with this stuff every night and it has my hair growing like a weed. not to mention clipping off any and 
 if anyone ever tells you first semester is the weed out semester in law school theyre lying to you. allnighter
 @daroff @jordanfabian @thehill after i gave @vp this yarmulke with weed out hte messaging inside  he reached out an 
 just 200 miles down 95 and a pack of smokes and ill be at cpac2017
 spicy says the relationship with mexico is phenomenal he is drinking the kool aid and smoking the weed found in bun 
 a worthy amp welcome use of ai technology alphabets new tool to weed out the toxic abuse of online comments 
 @jwalklnp is the hempfield game at governor mifflin high school or middle school
 @llhoops is the hempfield game at govenor mifflin high school or middle school
 texas parents treat daughters severe autism with marijuana vapor  results are stunning. 
 gov. carney is now taking questions. so far aca  marijuana leg.  corrections  infrastructuretransportation  among other issues.
 @bschoenburg  gave @vp yarmulke and pitched weed out hate ceremony yesterday. he hugged me. 3.2 min into clip  
 febwip d23 i would have changed the plot so that i had enough weed to last until i get rescued from this dull plan 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 how exactly thick is train smoke 
 i guess you could say  that was some bomb ass weed 
 @senatorfolmer is addressing the implementation of the medical marijuana law. credits doh and gov for smooth path hrcforum
 i wish i could get paid to make beats  smoke and tweak with yall on twitter ......
 a flower never blooms if it holds onto the weeds below.
 help families affected by disability by supporting medical marijuana zartlers specialneeds 
 @woodyandwilcox i wish this show was on more stations in nc. then they would have to leagalize weed. high is the only way you can listen
 the smoke amp mirrors wizard of banking poised to bilk the middleclass of trillion of dollars.  watchthisspace 
 quick question  does anyone know the best way to propagate milk weed to encourage monarch butterflies on their migration
 i have never smoked the marajuana  but if i did  i think it would look like looking through @destinyingram16 glasses parker comisac
 @mikiebarb i have another boot shabbos moment for you. gave @vp trump pence yarmulke with weed out hate messaging. 
 aphqf green acre capital fund secures lead order for cannabis investments  via @yahoofinance
 the problems in our world and these beautiful plants are destroyed how many cannabis addictions hv led to methadone 
 @billjpiper google search was using tons of mugshots in news stories about marijuana. to me that is a red flag something is fishy propaganda
 or some kind of cannabis cream to put over my muscle. i should try that bc the dispensary i go to sells cannabis creams.
 what if this jah talk was all a smokescreen
 had the weed dream again last night. any dream interpreters out there
 different levels of law  but toronto dispensary will likely lose. a weeds glass recently argued similarly in abbotsford and lost...
 @miamitude im not against medical marijuana.
 2344 engross implementation of the north dakota compassionate care act to authorize medical marijuana to provi... 
 i would never recommend marijuana to a 10 yo  however its medical purposes could both help him sleep and eat which 
 peoples reactions when i tell them i didnt move to colorado for weed is priceless
 listen to dj smokey  salute 2 el chapo np on soundcloud 
 hmu got that medical kush for yall fwm only the best kush what me and my custys smoke on
 no one ever has weed to sellllll to me
 this cannabis class at the senior ctr best transgenerational encounter in a while millennials presenting  olds like me hungry for info.
 @miamitude @miaminewtimes that was pzab not commission. gr8 quote btw they dont want to get deep in the weeds. no debate on legality here
 dr hal urschel nytimes bestseller @utdallas fascinating explanation of marijuana impact
 @pemeadv  such anger and whats up with you projecting your own sexual frustration on me..the weed not mellowing you enough
 @plainjane5555   are you smoking what trump smokes  he has done nothing but make people hate him
 getting smoke in your eye is the worst
 i smoke my roaches
 if you could have any weed edibles what would it be
 @acornnhead @bradleymartyn i knew it...im not surprised at all...squad weeded out the pretenders amp now were strong as fuk amp on the grow.
 i honestly could cry because of how reliant my body has become on marijuana.
 if someone brings me a pack of game leafs and a pack of dutchs ill smoke u down a blunt
 prosecution no medical evidence ties tiffney johnson to death of granddaughter who had synthetic marijuana in her system
 ohhhh  a weed question
 sunfeb 26 ancientshapes  uncontrollableurge  @danedmonds  dj lou weed @ this aint hollywood hblposters 
 woot @robybrock the remote correspondent at the wh asking for clarification on medical marijuana arpx arleg
 sean spicer answering questions on recreational vs. medical marijuana is the most hilarious thing i have ever heard
 wait...recreational marijuana has nothing to do with opioids abuse @seanspicer marijuana pressconference
 breaking news trump administration supports and empathizes with medical marijuana patients. more to come
 can we smoke a blunt together @lewisdelmar
 @realdonaldtrump r vote elected you sir. alcohol usage widely accepted recreational marijuana can be regulated as alcohol let people vote
 @waynedupreeshow yep weed out and ignore the baddies and ignorant boobs eh ha ha ha 
 south dakota house on a 5116 vote approves industrial hemp bill
 @lisabreland hehe  lol so very true even though i lived on a pot farm in 70s and dont smoke  i sure get that one love
 could smoke pow thursday fun morning shooting some vid. i wish the lighting was better  total poop cloud at kirkwood.
 visit psychedelic shack 6215 n 9th ave pensacola  fl today for smoke accessories   novelties amp 
 you voted for gary johnson or jill stein to protest dope. enjoy your future jail time for weed you dimwitted shitheads lmaoo
 i wish i could just openly smoke on campus . nice day out
 @imthomasgibson my smokey approves of hazels selfie  
 wait  what getting a card means youre telling the state and fed gov you smoke. or you could just risk a misdemeanor.
 showed you what it is  you disagreed. back the fuck up  take a shot  hit some weed.
 they came after the muslims... came after the mexicans.... came after the transgender... came after the weedhell no this is war  trump.
 @hightimesmag ether we win big or we win marijuana but ether way we will now win. we can use sessions fear to our advantage.
 we smoked mad ls together and now you finna tell me you been tonguing booty 
 im super dry on bud and broke. my stepdad comes in clutch and gives me the rest of his weed. l u v 
 trump coming after legal marijuana is the best news your local drug dealer has heard in a long time
 sb1337 engross industrial hemp licensing 
 pres trump understands how medical marijuana can alleviate pain and suffering for sick patients  but recreatio 
 hopefully gary johnson will return now that the doj is going after marijuana. come on gary  we cant wait for june 
 come on gary johnson  what do you think about the trump administation going after recreational marijuana. 
 @jilevin  i am not even a drug user or marijuana smoker. however  all the patients i took care of 0 wmarijuana related illnesses.
 first they came for the pot smokers and i said something because even though i dont smoke weed i can see beyond my 
 might be wrong but transgender wasnt legally part of title 9 so law challenged in court . marijuana has relevant e 
 went into planned parenthood with cramps  they prescribed medicine  but also suggested i try weed thanksguys donthavetotellmetwice
 i can see lies like black smoke barreling out of your mouth like i have some secret vision detection or some shit
 @ ppl who think marijuana is harmful when was the last time alcoholtobacco was used to help cancer patients 
 would you smoke this 
 the planted medical marijuana question is at 2420 into the video and it looks deliberate by @seanspicer @flugennock @nikolasschiller
 @cvpayne  charles watched debate on immigration all smoke and mirrors. implement e verify and charge employers 50k for illegals done
 @angelarye @bakarisellers trump admin getting tougher on marijuana usedoj cranking up private prison use  more blacks in prison. watch
 all that money up in smoke. @ sarnia  ontario 
 @jeffsessions not racist feds say theyll increase marijuana enforcement amp start using for profit prisons again  but totally not racistly
 @dmcpartldavid @stockmonsterusa @realdonaldtrump but using marijuana leads to stronger drugs like heroine.
 @kaponofor3 colorados marijuana industry is larger than a small countrys gdp. cracking down will hurt the economy. this is just posturing.
 the trump administration is about to go after the voterapproved marijuana laws. now reaction to this will be interesting....... dumptrump
 pic of the smokedjerk salmon thats being placed inside of those salmonsliders tonight at 
 if only you could get the same love weed does
 i dont really care personally but to say use of weed leads to opiate abuse is crazy and opiates are abused with th 
 its illogical not to believe that the only reason @realdonaldtrump is cracking down on marijuana is because he will profit off of prisons
 i went into this weed shop amp there was this huge security guard @ the door amp the budtender was a tiny black nigga w a tiny black cat
 florida begins process of issuing medical marijuana id cards 
 lotta weed smoking republicans in co. should be interesting. 
 @lisellle different things different days  including narcotics  nsads  muscle relaxers  lidocaine patch even an rx synthetic marijuana
 @fatchickinla @misterborogove @puzycat69 @radleybalko exactly the weed industry pays a good amount in taxes. i dont get the opposition
 dear dumb ass stoned af sexistass weird gary johnson voters  theyre coming for your weed you idiots what did you think would happen
 conman trump cult smoked some good stuff. because trump is illiterate ignorant and dumber than gwbush. 
 the trump administration better not touch weed because thats the only thing getting me through this dipshit clown show of a reality
 filling up private prisons with pot smokers. president trump is really focused on the important issues.
 what are @govinslee amp @pattymurray going to do about the threat of the ever prevailing marijuana industry here in wa.
 what are @govinslee amp @pattymurray going to do about the threat against the ever prevailing marijuana industry here in wa.
 when arguing with trolls  why do some quote their tweets  i wish they would fan the smoke from the trashfire theyre stoking away from me.
 voldemort makes an appearance at cpac and throws smoke to blind the people about trumpians fascist takeover.   
 sean spicer gave an ominous warning to the marijuana industry 
 if you could smoke with any rapper who would it be
 denver post editorial board to @realdonaldtrump amp co  dont tread on weed.    
 i wish i had weed on me
 @ltholmes @inc isnt itgreat to see usa president brandishing his arms as though shooting apparently aiming at a recreational marijuana user
 residential  singlefamily  fire  smoke prealert  s main st mount airy disp a159  c15  c153  e152 @mavfc1
 i asked the people from the dare program in 5th grade if we could plant marijuana in our classroom
 one night away from 2016 @penthouse pet of the year @kennajames21 here at @clubalexs dont miss this smoke show 
 @aldelpriore @sportsyelling which brings me to my next point dont smoke crack
 i dont find it amusing at all when people post videos of marijuana in a pets face or a pet drinking alcohol. very sad.they need new owners.
 thiels fund invested big in a marijuana startup   this is awkward 
 im just trying to smoke a blunt and rub on some booty doe fr
 flintmichigan has a lead problem.  dont smoke weed grown in lead water. 
 @cannabisglobe then they came for cannabis caregivers  and i did not speak out 
 @valaafshar then they came for cannabis caregivers  and i did not speak out 
 @cannabisbiznews @mjbiztraining then they came for cannabis caregivers  and i did not speak out 
 @nathanrolf hmm nothing could it be youre just blowing smoke  and youre not confident they wont get a w its ok bud. maybe next time.
 it was unclear thursday what  exactly  the trump administration would do about recreational marijuana  if anything 
 had hillary been innocent amp a patriot she would have stepped down rather than create a diversion amp smokescreen for 
 @cannabisbiznews marijuana is  t h e  alternative to billions of dollars in doctor x pills
 oh yeah i love country music our uber driver   i would say 0 stars but he smoked us out so 3 stars...
 how to break my heart in four words i smoked without you
 h0490 new an act relating to the regulation of commercial cultivation and sale of marijuana 
 all that free slave labor once they imprison young men of color for selling weed 
 yes  im in colorado. no  i havent smoked. @ colorado springs  colorado 
 dallas city council considering citeandrelease policy for marijuana possession 
 so trump is tryna crack down on recreational marijuana... too far trump. too far.
 lets just smoke some weed and listen to country.
 white house may crack down on recreational marijuana. key word may love to see how wh violates sovereigntystates. 
 @restingplatypus needs all the awards for this finale of htgawm holy smokes man  phenomenal work @howtogetawayabc
 @cernovich not the time to be concerned about marijuana..
 sometimes i wish i smoked again
 @bigrstrat i think theres something to that. sadly  we value booze  smokes  and meat more than health. drs would be poor.
 wish i could smoke so i could sleep 
 had a dream i was at you weeding but im like bitch this is a dream and yo i told me i was to high to be thinking straight  @brenday1993
 @alyssarogge @taytayniblett tb 2 when i smoked in kerbey
 i wish it was still the 50s so you could smoke cigarettes inside
 @realronhoward in the weeds. where else with iron i was given 
 best way to smoke fuck a swisher  
 swisher smokers scare me
 @foxnews @seanhannity @foxnewsinsider i am a trump supporter but please let us smoke weed. it should be my decision. people can drink alchol
 @mcigs is it a fantastic company with lots of profit potential left  im up 668.31 marijuana exploration  mcig ticker  axim also up 758 
 @realdonaldtrump we love president trump but please support recreational weed its my right as an adult. you will lose many supporters
 @fixitfitz ag sessions hate marijuana
 i wish i had a blunt to smoke. the night capper before bed is always a must
 @nbc4i i would love to see a standoff at the marijuana money houses in colorado between dispensary securityexblackwatersealand dea.
 h0489 new an act relating to expanding patient access to the medical marijuana registry 
 @beenurfave  interesting. want some weed
 @cernovich enforcement of federal marijuana would be a huge mistake for trump  and im a trump supporter.
 hf415 new a bill for an act relating to the production  marketing  and distribution of industrial hemp and rela... 
 @presssec sean are you that ignorant you spread fake news on marijuana. or your just clueless
 lets talk about the prison industrial complex  filled with blacks and minorities  for possession of marijuana in these articles too.
 @mcuban ethical views aside  as a great businessman  does trumps recent act towards state marijuana make any sense i see lost jobs.
 if you think marijuana is comparable to opioids  you might just be a trump supporter.
 update homeowner says his daughter was taken to hospital for smoke inhalation.  his wife and grandson were treated 
 i have the cutest cat ever shes grey and her name is smokey  because she came from a crack house
 @presssec @realdonaldtrump cannabis is the safest substance and does not lead to further addiction. 
 @joenbc deacovert gop smoke mirrors trumpbannonmcconnell evil rotten devil due charlatans usa takers theives robbers of we middle america
 first they came for the gays  then the muslims  then the blacks  then the weed....
 wh thinks transgender kids  immigrants  media  amp medical pot smokers r dangerous. @gop check ur mirror. @cnnpolitics 
 holy smokes i didnt recognize him. 
 @steelepierce @aaronsxl @13thfilm i have. thats another pt. targeting cannabis will certainly put more ppl of color in our prison system.
 trump is masking discrimination of lqbt people in smokescreen of states rights. this refutes title ix and promotes 
 i swear everyone who works at wawa smokes boags  all i ever hear is can you cover my station so i can go smoke
 no duty to enforce unconstitutional laws though fed marijuana laws were upheld in raich v gonzales prosecutori 
 .@realdonaldtrump is the enemy of the people  not news organizations. the fake news charge is a smokescreen. resisttrump cpac
 bandwagon weed smokers are the worst stop putting smoke in your mouth and blowing out hold that shit in ya wasting thc fucking nerds
 lets not act like everything would be the same if hillary had won  she wouldnt be going after weed legalization
 lets not act like everything would be the same if hillary had won  she wouldnt be attacking weed legalization or banning muslims
 trump cant rid us of medical marijuana how will we tolerate his presidency
 dont screw with my sanctuary city  my weed  or my transgender friends. overthisshit overreach notmypresident
 when people voraciously support trump  it instantly colors my view of them  just like seeing them smoke or hearing them use poor grammar.
 trump admin seems very adamant that 10th amendment should matter tremendously for transgender cases but not much at all for marijuana laws.
 trump doesnt have any friends in the marijuana industry. daddywarbucks 
 the sophomores   adam you should make your username weedsmoker420   yeah that would be pretty dope hahahaha
 @taylorlorenz i gave @vp this yarmulke in stl  w @wh weed out hate strategy. after he saw it  he hugged me 
 no evidence of benefit of medical marijuana in parkinsons disease but we do know it will impair your cognition parkinsonsconference
 bri always spin me for weed.
 @jeffreinhart77 @pagirlshoops ill have updates from the na vs hempfield game
 fuq what you heard...@realdonaldtrump is nothing more smoke and mirrors... 
 students evacuated from montwood hs due to smoke in the building. no immediate threat to students. 
 ag sessions believes states best to regulate transgender in school  abortion  health coverage states incompetent to regulate marijuana use
 thats important to irritate those who smoke just little more enuff to motivate them to vote you out in 2018 
 students evacuated from montwood hs due to smoke in the building. no immediate threat to students. 
 @psychopappy1961 @foxnews @heytammybruce @potus poor babyeither you stopped thinking or medical marijuana amp pain killers got the best of u
 me @ me maybe you could read 250 books a year if you gave up the toxic sports you watch and also video games and smoked more
 @cnnbrk ..in doors..  cant run a smoke machine that drops enough ashes to make the whole experience as real as it was...wout carbon
 every thing will be fine.. just be patient amp smoke a little weed 
 time to smoke weed and forget about everything
 @sethmacfarlane exactly  good luck with washington and colorado we will smoke him .
 @sensanders countless lives have been affected by opioid addiction. big pharmas has gotten rich. but weed is the problem how wut no.
 going for a walk with @icequeenuna  through the bluffs and trails to smoke a joint and be with nature
 .@rogerjstonejr  agreed on the weed. 
 i wish haley would like weed as much as i do
 had a dream that onyae tried teaching me how to smoke weed and i accidentally snorted a leaf
 i be sick when i run out of weed 
 a quinnipiac poll released the same day showed a solid majority of americans support legalizing both medical and recreational marijuana use
 the receptionist deadass asked if i smoked weed cuz she could smell it on me...i was try to smoke w. her but her boss was right there
 this is insane. marijuana is a 1 billion industry in colorado. feds cracking down on it is absurd.  priorities
 sessions thinks pot smokers are not good people i think racists are not good people. he is ag i am elderly citizen life not fair
 @happeningnow second notice that poll asked about medical and recreational marijuana lumped together.
 they took the bitcoin machine out of my favorite smoke shop 
 @simplekindoffan frankly  if we want to help the opioid crisis  stop handing out dangerousabusable pills and legalize medical marijuana
 i got ls on my record weed on the vinyl keys open doors when them keys is albino
 and in further news  president trump enforces marijuana enforcement...see prison industrial complex  prison to scho 
 any bitch that smoke black and milds is a verified crackhead
 no pop no weed no beef no pork ....whats next healthis everything
 the winds of change r in the air in hs and aau hoop feel like we r in that great tennessee williams play summer and smoke
 vegas cannabiscommunity oasis medical cannabis weekends deals vegas vegascannabiscommunity 
 @kumailn theyre trying to smoke and mirror so youll stop paying attention to the russia fbi story. he does this every time.
 @franzferdinan57 only reason trump administration would want to prohibit use of medical marijuana is to stop competition with big pharma.
 i wish i could listen to future and smoke with @daddymattyt
 i believe in the modest dream  aint lookin for a pot of gold  six pack amp some good marijuana i can watch my mama roll 
 wish i could get a smoke break
 i wish i had someone i could smoke this backwood i just rolled with cause listen
 if the marijuana question at the press conference yesterday was planted  why did spicer not know more about medical mj amendment
 residential  singlefamily  odor of smoke  middleton dr green valley disp e152  c153
 first mexicans now marijuana.. trump must really hate late night taco bell runs too 
 weapons of mass distraction transgender action  first amend breach  marijuana talk all distract us from russiagate 
 come on man  first ur tryina take our muslims  now ur tryina take our weed. this niggas crazy  
 the question was   why is marijuana illegal 
 he didnt smoke it did he... 
 got a story about how cannabis has positively affected you or those around you  cannagive here 
 @charliesheen i love medical marijuana weeds it the best thing ever
 fuck i wish i could smoke......
 other than 16s  whats the difference in content between yachty and 2 chainz tity had 4.0 gpa. boat doesnt smokedrink or rap about it
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you spark up light to this
 for the record arsenal gaming was the first to market with the rainbow weed leaf vr kit 
 @drayna14 ayyyy mon  got any marley irie i am prepared  i had to get the record before trump rescinds legal weed
 nigga gave me free weed at the store
 why do weedmen act weird on fridays
 @gheadicus the weed is all free   
 lynn has a job.  smoke showing
 denver city council president weighing in on white house comments over recreational marijuana use. 
 harvest off missions first ever cannabis farmers market is tomorrow 215 124pm 33 29th st right off mission@420
 @realdonaldtrump  happy with all youve done so far and prayed  that you would  beat hillary i dont smoke but know alcohol is worse
 it appears as though venturecapital investors didnt get trumps message about marijuana bc they are flooding the industry w money. 
 me i wish i could fly luis tienes marijuana   
 yo check juicy js to see me admit i smoke weed to all his friends 
 game 36 north allegheny vs hempfield. this is the 1 vs 8 quarterfinal game in girls 6a wpial 
 everything is grey his hair his smoke his dreams
 @realdonaldtrump dear president  i am a supporter of yours but please do not crackdown on weed. the pros are far better than the cons.
 tower company 67 heading out to west hempfield on a residential fire alarm. 
 @embish why have we never smoked together 
 its a smokescreen. he wants everyone to believe that no one could possibly disagree with him. fuck trump. 
 end of 1 back and forth we go. hempfield leads mifflin 1311. @llhoops llhoops
 getting off and smoke solo listen to that future
 omg some of his supporters thought he was legalizing weed  wrong party hillary would have done it
 end of half hempfield with a sensational q2 to head into the break up 2818. @llhoops llhoops
 i wish i could get subaru weed   the vape god himself
 end of 3rd north allegheny leads hempfield 3014 @pgvarsityxtra @msasports @jeffreinhart77 wpial
 the earliest written reference to medical cannabis would be 1500 bc in china. wow.
 how if those drugs are prescribed by doctors. marijuana is helping those who are given those pharma drugs and beco 
 i just want to smoke and relax in the jacuzzi
 end of 3 hempfield putting the clamps on mifflin. black knights lead 3726. @llhoops llhoops
 @jonfitchdotnet just not true.  heres question from the debates. hillary clinton discusses marijuana legalization 
 bill blair  parliamentary secretary to m of j and ag of canada @southarmcc discussing regulation of cannabis @bcliberals recovery @camhnews
 reset bubba peters stops and pops from 3. cuts into hempfield  lead. 4135 knights. 407 left. @llhoops llhoops
 reset bubba peters leading the mifflin charge. hempfield leads 4442. 229 left. @llhoops llhoops
 went for a run today with rowland  was getting smoked by him and tried running my butt off to beat him and now my legs are jello
 reset mifflin secures o board and has the ball in halfcourt. hempfield leads 4946. 17.3 left @llhoops
 @themanimal18 slightly different one  but yes  you bet. were using cannabis effectively to treat opioid addiction  ptsd and over 200 more
 reset mifflin grabs another board to stangs. 4946 hempfield. 6.5 left @llhoops
 nature shows and weed
 thats a wrap from shillington hempfield d all over mifflin last shot. knights move on to the giant center. 4946 @llhoops @gametimepasc
 arriving in port royal  jamaica first then out to score our first gram of ganja. high on edibles jamaica ptsd 
 the policies announced by ag sessions today private prisons amp recreational marijuana  will lead to more people of colorinprison.
 whod like a hemp brownie  zurvitahou17 rugglesgreen @ ruggles green woodlands 
 when actual sweden is too far  but you really want to have cheese  crackers and creamy smoked 
 i wish i had an uncle d smoke
 @hasseltaylor eats more weed than she eats  @jiannaybarra
 city through the weeds. nyc streetphotography shotwithre  @ brooklyn bridge park pier 6 
 why did you pour your tender fire  so quickly  over my lifes cool leaves...what flower  what rock  what smoke showed you where i live
 @hasseltaylor eats more than she smokes lmaooooooo we fried @jiannaybarra  
 i wish there was a weed bar or something cause actual bars are loud and obnoxious as shit
 after seven years and many failed attempts  steve is the only reliable source for ganja tours of the best ganja 
 i wish i had some weed
 @ap its a con smoke and mirrors the whole thing. focusits the russians controlling the manchurian president. trying to kill america
 honestly i just wish i couldve smoked up with kurt cobain.
 @jdubs88 trump technically opposes  and 2 hes supposed to be in the midst of investigating whether theres any fire to this smoke  so...
 @jefe14 @davidcorndc @realdonaldtrump i agree. 44 wasnt any better. he ran on hope and change but gave smoke amp mirrors and same cronyism.
 evelyn will forever remain my favorite person to smoke w bc her vibes are the best
 i didnt stop one moment to rest in my travels in search of the best ganja in jamaica @jointventurestv 
 if your porsche lights ever get stolen. its because theyre using it to grow weed. youre welcome for this knowledge.
 gavin newsom responds to white house hinting it may target recreational marijuana use. via thom jensen 
 @hannnamariee exp weed what first  do your research before you bash me for something. amd second  ive heard that youve been doing worse
 @bilbowski @bigjimmurray @chrismannixys wish celtics focused their attention on tucker at the trade dealine...cs smoked again on boards
 you smoked  bitch we could have matched one ..i laced you up on my end  you make me sick 
 it could be a smokescreen 
 @realdonaldtrump quinnipiac poll 71 of americans would oppose a federal crackdown on legal marijuana  93 percent favor medical.
 @abc presenting @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in parks throughout 
 @justschmeltzer  presenting @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in park 
 @jessicagolds @annefrankcenter  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding ou 
 @davidmweissman @potus  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate i 
 @jessicagolds @annefrankcenter  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding ou 
 @rizmc  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in usa parks 
 @rawstory  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in usa parks 
 @cnn  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in usa parks 
 @specialenvoyas  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in usa p 
 @antisemitism  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in usa par 
 @antisemitism  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in usa par 
 @rjc @vp  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in usa parks. h 
 the fuck you mean i cant smoke inside tiki tiki anymore
 @zekejmiller @vp @rjc  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weeding out hate in 
 @middleeasteye  pence is different  presented @vp yarmulke at cemetery inscribed muslims  christians amp jews weedin 
 using a smokescreen of chaos and conflict the tools of the narcissist
 @jgillannews3lv @news3lv @rjc presented @vp weed out hate inscribed yarmulke at stl cemetery 
 if all your friendship has to offer is getting drunk count me out i rather vibe and smoke
 rob portman may weed us out from his meetings  but when hes up for reelection  well just weed him out ofthe senate. @senrobportman
 @katyaelisehenry i have a question u smoke bud
 @angelarye @cnn @ava republicans believe in states rights for guns amp alcohol but not weed.thats messing with the feds prison slave trade.
 swiss scientists mapped brain activity of patients before and after ingesting marijuana 
 @patrickwalker @mikepence my chance encounter with @vp  at  cemetery gave him a trump pence yarmulke with weed out 
 what exactly is bad about weed again  
 round the same time hooked to the nicotine music and a smoke were synonymous to me it seemed
 the phrase tell dad to keep his paws off my weed has come out of my mouth multiple times in the past few months  sry u cant have my life
 i have the charming rasp of a smoker even though its just because im always sick.
 do you smoke pot because weed be cute together
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke
 @realdonaldtrump quinnipiac poll 71 percent of americans would oppose a federal crackdown on legal marijuana 93 percent favor medical.
 @billratchet this is just nonsense. weed science has gone too far. back it up.  were done here.
 the security guard asked for my permission to smoke lulz
 whether its weed  laundry detergent  chips  idfc  if youre consistly using itnot asking for permission either pitch in or replace it
 searching the world for the best medical cannabis crops known to man.  
 done with weed fr
 searching the world for the best medical cannabis crops known to man.  
 wow i wish i could smoke.
 searching the world for the best medical cannabis crops known to man.  
 i didnt smoke i just wanted to hold it and feel bad 
 first things first i love all my niggas smoke smoke jank jank
 @jimconca @johndpmorgan @guardian soon with the help of trump rolling back regulations  those stacks will be pumping out black smoke again
 sweet dreams are made of weed
 lmao i googled how to smoke without using yo mouth amp someone answered stick a blunt in a straw amp the straw in yo nose amp inhale 
 sf329 new a bill for an act relating to industrial hemp  including the regulation of its production as part of... 
 @eeemcguire i djed a christian halloween party once   they got trashed but looked at me funny when i pulled out weed it was weird
   liars liars liars ...this is nothing but a smokescreen for radical islam 
 @justintrudeau i would step up the industrial hemp operations in your country  even subsidize farms it is the new silk of the americas
 @realdonaldtrump are you gonna lose the industrial hemp race
 @18winning @trumpregrets @realdonaldtrump @youtube on inauguration day the trump cannabis crowd was here in d.c. celebrating. no longer.
 np two9 ft. miloh smith  smoke
 2yrs ago pot became officially legal in alaska sarah palin finally has an excuse for seeing russia from her backyard who voted v. marijuana
 let me smoke this loud so my enemies can be safe and any potential corporate partners or mouths i want to fuck  will think im docile
 @smerconish its a game of smoke and mirrors trump stirs controversy in order to draw attention away from fact and truth.  keith butcher
 millions or maybe billions of humans have consumed cannabis for most of our existence  if this were true wed be sc 
 yes.@amjoyshow the press must not focus on what 45 is doing to them  a smokescreen. but stay focused on what he is 
 liesteenstelltheirparents.             this is not out of your stash i took out of my weed bag.
 i wish there was a such thing as donuts amp weed deliverys not being able to drive sucks 
 remember  gop coverage of preexisting conditions is smoke and mirrors a break n coverage cancels that. @dvorakoelling @chrismurphyct
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  before you light up   turn this up
 spicer freestyled amp talked out of his ass. if trump leaves it to the states hell be best weed president ever. 
 you the type to smoke a roach and burn yo mouth 
 magical challenge. overnight manifest matured living cannabis sativa indica medical grade weed with 9 plain clothed 
 lmao this funny bruh. i wish i could smoke with my mommy  
 @adaptiveape still anti hillary bc she likes her money from big pharma. i wish the stigma on cannabis was gone
 @cnn 2000 doj investigations have been initiated too. ag sessions gonna be busy weeding out the grifters and criminals in the group
 i dream of a world where i can smoke inside everywhere i go
 hoping this can help with my weed mouth  
 i heard a rumor that trump became president to monopolize the weed business
 the majority of preexisting condition people are addicts to opioids. plain and simple. put them on medicare and hand them their cannabis.
 @foxnews please interview the ag if colorado re rec marijuana.
 gawdamn im hungover  wish i could smoke herbz
 newsom pens letter to trump in opposition of marijuana crackdown 
 i keep everything neutral i just wamt to smoke a leaf. 
 i use cannabis to treat my depressionanxiety . it has worked wonderfully amp has kept me away from pharmaceutical drugs 
 i cant smoke weed ugh i wish 
 @r0yfrench smoking weed playing tunes. got some time to 
 the suspense of who will lead us going forward reminds me of the 2013 conclave.  white smoke or black smoke habemus chairam dncchair
 i saw the cutest tent at ikea today  not for my kid but for me. im honestly only wanted it to smoke in 
 some serious smoke in the sky over west phoenix. weve got a crew on the way. check out the latest tonight at five. 
 in colorado smoking california reefer ..
 i got ls on my record  weed on the vinyl
 @hasseltaylor @jiannaybarra im so pissed i just realized i fucked up this tweet for the 100th time taylor eats more weed than she smokes
 out of bud until later but the coworker comin in clutch with the smokeout 
 on tour with colorado cannabis tour on our way to medicine man now 
 if that faggot stephen took my weed imma beat his ass
 shoutout spaceghostpurpp  and i think is it fly passed your bihc like goku. smoke a |blunt idk you.  @275yungsimmie
 @mandimepower or i wish i could just smoke then work wouldnt be so bad
 i am now the owner of a medical marijuana card and it is the most convenient shit ever.
 @realdonaldtrump  vote  president trump to focus govts limited resources on terrorists  kidnap  etc. vs. pot smokers marijuanavoters
 someone ft me while i smoke
 having hiccups while you smoke is the worst
 this rain with no weed 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 editorial by denver post opinion on threat of increased cannabis enforcement lets all take a deep breath. 
 cedar smoked winter spiced russellsreservebourbon 10 year old fashioned  winning the award for 
 thats the 64 000 health q liquor corps fears consumers will cut down on drinking and start using marijuana more 
 smokin everything today @ stevie wonders smoke pit 
 i masturbate and listen to music and smoke. 
 very first race i bet w p s on 4 jingle jim and he smokes the pack for the win. boom winning 
 i wish i still smoked ..... life was great back then i mean its great now but still..i was high half the time .
 trump better not mess with our progress on recreational weed. we have come too far
 @danrather your voice in this is very important   continue to urge your colleagues to probe leads they are getting daily. fire from smoke 
 everything is grey... his hair  his smoke  his dreams
 if we can smoke amp laugh together  
 i wish the weed dispensory took amex. i mean who carrys cash in 2017 
 @thatguydan95 thats impractical  you would lose weed in the crack.
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 @presssec @cnn marijuana does not lead to opioid addiction shows you are so straight you cant speak of this  doctors lead 2 opioid addiction
 sometimes i wish i could just fade like a little wisp of smoke in the air
 @scoobyoga @brian38mester took the fastest ls today anybody else want 2k 17 smoke for bread  come through
 why must it rain this is prime smoke seshskate sesh time 
 wish i had some marijuana ..
 my brother clutch for giving me some weed though
 i seriously question how ppl dislike marijuana 
 @lizlemonsquares so i should smoke a bowl first
 i wish i could play ukulele and smoke weed for a living life is hard
 @willchaseme @rosie those lies are just a smokescreen to detract attention from his russian ties. 
 it does hemp when the former vp campaigns in a state senate race. 
 a new patio paired with our off lawn weed program is a guaranteed way to  love your yard this year.  free quote 
 hmmm ... could it be blowing some secondhand smoke 
 walked all the way to the weed shop and that mug was closed 
 5 things donald trump should know before he shuts down the legal marijuana industry via @forbes 
 listen to wiz khalifa reefer party by usersugarswag np on soundcloud 
 smoke weed in my room amp yes 
 smoke weed amp sample records
 @tammywesa no but you know what would create jobs the cannabis industry
 @tammywesa its not dope first off. second colorados cannabis industry is worth over 2.4 billion dollars
 zoe shaw smokes one to short amp brings in a @uclasoftball w  more marynutter action   
 and if anyone was wondering yes its to study weed i know big surprise
 all we do is smoke weed and play mortal kombat
 concept uber eats but for weed delivery
 tae made weed muffins and we was out for hours lmaooooo
 i wish i could smoke a blunt with my moms 
 wish i could just smoke in my room  watch netflix while smoking a blunt
 really wish i could smoke again
 s04706 new relates to petition for expungement of records for certain marihuana convictions. 
 luv weed men thts out at this time
 elderly marijuana enthusiast disavowed by area hippies  who discover he voted for trump  demand he turn in patchouli  grateful dead tshirt.
 ant wait to get off smoke and get rubbed on lol
 i wish i had a gf that smoke 
 @realdonaldtrump marijuana is medical relief for many. decriminalize it. clean out our prisons from related nonviolent crimes of citizens.
 @realdonaldtrump how much weed do you smoke on the daily youre way too paranoid. everything and everybody arent rigged against you.
 champaign  cocaine  gasoline and most things in between i rode the city in a shopping cart a lack of camels and a smoke alarm  
 @bbcworld marijuana president barack obama for eight years  destroying the traditional american morality  the worlds drug abuse
 @cnn marijuana president barack obama for eight years  undermined the traditional american morality  so that the world drug flooding
 @nytimes marijuana president barack obama for eight years  undermined the traditional american morality  so that the world drug flooding
 @hillarycli marijuana president barack obama for eight years  undermined the traditional american morality  so that the world drug flooding
 @potus marijuana president barack obama for eight years  undermined the traditional american morality  so that the world drug flooding
 @nbcnews marijuana president barack obama for eight years  undermined the traditional american morality  so that the world drug flooding
 @theresamec marijuana president barack obama for eight years  undermined the traditional american morality  so that the world drug flooding
 dear white house press corps  im available for the correspondents dinner. of course ill legally bring weed. whcorrespondents whcadinner
 i got all my shortys and weed why would i stress a washed nigga
 you too busy trying to find that blueeyed soul i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke.
 omggg yes i wish my parents would smoke with me 
 i learned about cannabiss link to treating mental illness via david suzukis nature of things on cannabis amp schizophrenia good episode.
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  keep voting for your favorite song
 unfair to deny marijuana dispensarys licensing bid  lawyer says  cannabis pharma canadahealth
 listen to smoke breakskit by greenvibes np on soundcloud 
 listen to ganja uh uh oh prod. by dankman by greenvibes np on soundcloud 
 @chucktodd with the recreational marijuana question  amen 420 
 big smoke sessions wit gang link in bio  steezyog  theworldneedsmoreoriginals @ h2c 707 
 @monoxide420life does your dr know that you smoke for arthritis if so  you maybe be able to get that weed card
 @middlemns communications wrussians during prez campaign  after oath  and present.  where theres smoke manafort  flynn  firtash. .  .
 @andjineeeee girl you dont even smoke  i wish you cut it 
 me  continuously smokes me is still surprised when i run out of weed
 rub my belly roll my weed up.   been jiggy ft. yusso prod. by dayone by aronthealien np on soundcloud 
 @jealousofmaya dont be mad at me because you smoke blacks amp listen to battle rap lmaooo
 i will never forget the time i gave a tour in a residence hall that smelled so strongly of weed i sweat through 3 layers of clothing.
 mother nature has trick bagged you  so come smoke at the candy store... @ w. curtis draper 
 @urbangaygriot i gave him one of the best poundings of his life according to him  but i took off with all his weed after he fell asleep
 i went out for a 30 min smoke yesterday and it took me 15 hours to make it back 
 @potus if its fakenews  why does it have you tweeting about it you certainly act guilty. where theres smokealternativefacts
 that sharpie in his mouth at the beginning had smoke in it 
 thats when a smoke was a smoke and groovin was groovin  dancing was everything we were young amp we were improvin
 thats when smoke was a smoke and groovin was groovin and dancin meant everything we were young amp we were improvin
 top students more likely to smoke pot  drink alcohol  study says @cnn 
 @meghanroby  smokes the field in 60 meter dash final.  that is two first place finishes.  up next 200 meters.  so smooth
 bestfriends who smoke together stay together  
 no question ganja is the answer
 how in fuck did i lose my weed
 how in the fuck did i lose my weed
 need to retake the house before therell be any serious inquiry into this. too much smoke for there not to be a fir 
 i let my black hair grow and my weed smoke
 i vote weed 
 dallas city council could vote on citeandrelease for simple marijuana possession as early as march 8. 
 if donald trump does indeed go after the marijuana industry its gonna be interesting to see who gets locked up in masses and what time they
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 @deacon2206 @cernovich marijuana is nature. how can you make nature illegal you and your ilk set humanity back. you will be defeated.
 newsom pens letter to trump in opposition of marijuana crackdown 
 more weeding  will anyone be left to race
 trump thinking that he can enforce weed laws is v funny. when did any of that ever work in our history weed is resilient. you cant stop it
 lol just weed though
 gonna smoke  do a face mask amp deep condition my hair before work 
 woooohoooooo @kurtbusch wins the daytona500  i couldnt be happier for kurt amp @stewarthaasrcng finally a 500 win for smoke 
 what a race holy smokes congrats @kurtbusch   nascar daytona500
 wish smoke could have won it as a driver but this is good too as an owner. daytona500
 @tonystewart congrats on an awesome first win as owner i still had on my 14 smoke hoodie
 @realdonaldtrump fake news is the same as election rigged against trump. smoke screen
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 she smokes to lose weight
 question  if we already know weed cures seizures  why does it have to be a big pharma drug
 bruh if snoop aint in your top 5 people you wish you could smoke with i unno if you a true smoker bruv
 swoop lets smoke
 made a tasty baked pasta using smoked andouille from meatdepartment on @roncesvillage 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  @yogottikom
 back home time to smoke good weed and stuff my mouth with pasta jays 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud  @brysontiller
 we are taking best picture. if we lose then its rigged. oscars2017 gold the great weed deboggling 2016 
 another year another weed festivalstaylit heres a flashback clip wit @breal who will be 
 lets smoke amp listen to music 
 how many from weed none. natha. nothing.  yet it still is a schedule i controlled substance. 
 did someone say redcarpet   here is one of ours at hemphills rugs amp carpets 
 hey multi million  football player with everything to lose  why carry around 4.5 lbs of smoke in your car
 if you roll blunt with zic zac wrap  i would assume that you only smoke regos
 @chuckdgaf2 so he had no criminal record and i smoked weed when i was 17 should i get shot down because took a pic flipping two birds
 @realdonaldtrump legalization of marijuana if you could tax it federally at 5 could bring in billions a year to help pay debit or whatever
 imagine being nominated for an oscar 21x and finally winning one. holy smokes  what a moment oscars
 thinking about all the weed im fina smoke in colorado 
 i wish i smoked right now.
 @greeneyedtwin @sarcasticbish2u home run heather. or he took out his smoke 
 ive been using @curologyusa since middecember and holy smokes seriously this is the best my skin has ever looked
 lol i have asthma so i cant smoke anymore but someone p l e a s e make me some  brownies. its important
 @jimmykimmel smoke another joint and announce the best pic oscars
 when you are featured on the colorado cannabis tour instagram  
 bap ass weed though 
 baby lets smoke amp dream
 who got me weed though  
 @aarongoodwin yo  you could smoke the bunnies out  dont think it will hurt them. snapchatstory fan
 smokin flocka u a jackass all i smoke is gas 
 patients should not be subject to 7 sales tax or a 200 fee for medicinal marijuana including cancer and veterans pts. other meds do not
 @tomilahren you are lucky that youre hot. your intellectual capability and common sense are clearly deficient  still a smoke show though.
 putting down weed .... was probably the best decision ive made in a longgggggg time 
 i smoked my cousins grandmas medical weed before i took this 
 we can smoke together  
 listen to get it poppin by yoitsparker on soundcloud  this song smokes 
 colorado weed dispensary gets drivethru. 
 @msjenfreeman  ethics  obsession v possession  ownership have has had  celibacy is to virginity  as sex is to marijuana
 @msjenfreeman  ethics  obsession v possession  ownership have has had  celibacy is to virginity  as love is to marijuana
 @msjenfreeman  ethics  obsession v possession  ownership have has had  celibacy is to virginity  as pain is to marijuana
 @robinmcgraw  ethics  obsession v possession  ownership have has had  celibacy is to virginity  as sex is to marijuana
 @robinmcgraw  ethics  obsession v possession  ownership have has had  celibacy is to virginity  as love is to marijuana
 @robinmcgraw  ethics  obsession v possession  ownership have has had  celibacy is to virginity  as pain is to marijuana
 @realbencarson  ethics  obsession v possession  ownership have has had  celibacy is to virginity  as sex is to marijuana
 @realbencarson  ethics  obsession v possession  ownership have has had  celibacy is to virginity  as love is to marijuana
 @realbencarson  ethics  obsession v possession  ownership have has had  celibacy is to virginity  as pain is to marijuana
 @cnnpolitics democrats are nothing but smoke and mirrors  lies  agitation  race baiting  emotional manipulation  and corruption. pathetic.
 some guy asked me wher my dream vacation was @ the bar and i told him colorado so i could smoke weed and forget im with him  he walked away
 @darrenrusty @metacriteria @cernovich some people use it for medical reasons. i support fully  though not a smoker myself.
 i have one of only four televisions handmade by smokey robinson. i dont even use it.
 dispensary weed  lmao 
 smoking weed bypasses the liver  but with edibles the liver converts thc into 11hydroxy thc which is 5x more psychoactive. dont be a hero.
 you can lose everything tenants medical marijuana growop costs landlord insurance 
 you can lose everything tenants medical marijuana growop costs landlord insurance 
 five pounds of weed found in car during mt. juliet traffic stop 
 you can lose everything tenants medical marijuana growop costs landlord insurance 
 @rolandsmartin @tvonetv roland its a smoke screen.
 i guess ill smoke and watch emerald city.
 it turns out that decriminalizing marijuana is harmful to the prison industry. typically nonviolent amp low maintena 
 dnhayek at her best.... lmbo @ smoke justis 
 close all colleges we must weed out all sharia law brainwashing thts y all crats kids are emotionally on tilt n p 
 @jordanbray just go smoke another black
 blackincannabis bc backincannabis    hueplatform    on the set of weed works by hue 
 @juniusk9 alas weed and acetaminophen are the only two non opiates i have for pin relief. neither is perfect by a long shot.
 getting woken up by a weed eater next to my window wasnt exactly how i wanted to start my day happymonday
 @smokinpirate what be cool is if she exhale smoke as she took her girl out of her mouth
 @jeffsessions you question the morals of smokers while taking the posistion blacks shouldnt vote sessions jeffsessions trump
 4 medical marijuana innovators that can change the way people get high  @tylerdaswick @honestmarijuana @drdabber
 @tylerdaswick loved your mmj roundup  do pr for dr dabber  honest mj amp seedo. happy to help w more cannabis stories. ethan@nisonco.com
 conservatism is the new counter culture which means we eat shoe soles and smoke pages of the koran from our corn co 
 story time about my dream i was at a store and i came across an individual that smokes  so im picking out stuff to eat and he hands
 den partner zane gilmer was interviewed for @bloombergbna story on banks amp marijuana businesses in trump admin  
 you can lose everything tenants medical marijuana growop costs landlord insurance 
 @realdonaldtrump if you in 17 no are dimond on @amway you need to be cannabis smoker or president @fbi
 @jeffsessions smoke some weed and accept the fact your antiweed supporters are gettin old and are in the way. your old  ignorant and mean
 we smoke together 
 blackincannabis bc backincannabis    ganjatribefarmacy    sunday night special cherry 
 my nutrition teacher just admitted to using weed for everything 
 this is a really interesting read  and nicely made video. no ones home  but these smoke detectors are listening 
 i could smoke my own weed or i could have someones boyfriend come smoke with me using his weed decisions.
 mixtape so dope i wish i could roll it up and smoke it
 goku and vegeta. weed and blunt. dick and hand. foot and shoe. mucus and saliva. 
 another smokescreen  
 elizabeth warren demands jeff sessions respect state marijuana law 
 psa dont wear weed printed pants and a backwards snapback to your court appearance. jesus  people...
 @teamleveon26 lev is a bitch running his mouth in the off season. go smoke another jibby you buffoon.
 stick to weed out on @spotify for all your plays n playlists lt3 musicmondays spotify  
 damnnnn yo  i wish i was cool enough to smoke cigs chyeahbrother
 somebody joce me on ft while i smoke this gar
 president trump meet with medical marijuana patients like my sick daughter.  sign the petition  via @change
 what in the world is going on with the smoke on the strip
 @msnbc hope you realize this wire tap stuff is a smokescreen to deflect away from the connection to russia questions. maybe focus on that
 @farrashley perhaps the focus should be russia connection not deflection of wire taps. its a smokescreen dont fall for it keep eye on ball
 got to play lb city d1 councilmember and discuss and vote on recreational marijuana ordinance. thank you 
 sure lemme drink and smoke for fun all throughout hs but act like sober grad is the best postgraduation celebration
 i wish this was the kinda job where i could smoke on my lunch break but i couldnt be conspicuous about it at all  sober
 @zashary he gave me weed
 gop healthcare bill uses smokescreen of personal responsibility to abandon preexisting condition protections 
 right question is not how to weed the world but hiw to feed your neighbors and scale this up 
 @washingtonpost trump wh is all smoke amp mirrors. we know this  right
 i think they are just weeds but dont we look happy together  storyofmylife weeds flowers 
 the marijuana industry has some brandnew opposition |    cdb oil is the main chemical that has medical uses. no high
 sitting outside dodge crying into my sunglasses watching well dressed grad students smoke cigarettes this is not my best life
 the world would be a lot more peaceful if people would smoke a blunt.
 president trump meet with medical marijuana patients like my sick daughter.  sign the petition  via @change
 yes. yes it is. i dont smoke. never smoked. marlboro liveried cars were the best ever. no matter what discipline i 
 .@realdonaldtrump @exxonmobil u just got lucky with the timing of xoms statement  babydonald. cool your jets. youre still in deep weeds.
 i walked up to the guy at the cannabis dispensary and said i want to unclench my jaw for the first time this year and he understood
 the only reason trump would make such a vile accusation against president obama is because he is trying to blow smoke to cover his own flaws
 gave up weed for lent and now im painting a picture on my wall lit
 @lvbwil @makada @docmurdock there are also a lot of altright white nationalists who are weeding out brown ppl through murder
 wire tapping  election fraud  crowd size  snl  hamilton the musical... all smoke and mirrors to deflect from the investigation into russia.
 vancouvers 420 cannabis festival could get first ever permit from park board 
 @hardballchris is all this wire taping amp muslim ban smoke screen while he goes to war with n korea. really scary stuff
 @kevnasto you smoke pole though.
 another fire breaks out north of hutch. sending huge smoke plumes into the sky. @kwch12 
 if i smoked weed  i would listen to yg.
 dt are you still in a bad mood poor baby. whatcha hiding  sure you got something up your sleeve smoke and mirrors. ha ha.
 treating myself to some smoke  qdoba  amp listening to old records after i finish my homework
 pasta e fagioli prepared with a smoked ham hock bone broth                   untamedcheftruck 
 need weed amp lean in brooklyn
 just got dr. strange on dvd wish i had some weed to smoke and trip out on this movie
 wish i had friends to smoke me upppp 
 candied bacon. super smooth.  drinking a nitro imperial smokey by @resurgencebrew at @resurgencebrew    photo
 exactly not about trump but trumps contact with the bank.already under scrutiny. smoke amp mirrors parlor games  all 
 poor bugs bunny and smokey the bear kylee rescuepup tailsofhope glad i dont spend much on 
 i finally had time to take in the story art and music of weed priest @tcannoncomics amp it was amazing
 @tuckercarlson @jahimes @foxnews himes is partyblinded or a liar bcuz from our pov he is blowing smoke up the post orifice of americans.
 through smoke   bear of needtobreathe headlining the tour de compadres in indy.  needtobreathe 
 indie eats weed 
 i get invited to drink more than smoke  and i gave up beer for lent
 if you a smoker of crack then you a crackhead.
 i smoke that shit that made r kelly think that he could fly
 wish i could smoke a blunt on the moon
 the smoke of the tire. because everything is everything.
 i need skmeone to ft while i smoke
 your mcm only puts .5 in a blunt and has the nerve to smoke it down to a roach.
 wish i could smoke  .... id be smoking right now
 all i wanted to do was smoke amp sleep 
 a boys favorite question for me is sooo you smoke yes b i smoke a shit ton
 wish i had somebody to smoke with 
 another clue to the obamagate mystery series  must be a  because im seeing more amp more smoke. 
 @pxiejude grow up. how is he racist his girl is hispanic.... if id smoked as much as you assume id have cancer. 
 for the first time in kansas i just heard a police officer say its just weed  i dont care and believe it should be legal anyway lol ayee
 whats up with white girls at woodland high selling weed all the sudden. 15 8ths hmu... no
 very dangerous precedent when courts can override the u.s.presidents orders to weed out enemy at a time of war. 
 president trump meet with medical marijuana patients like my sick daughter.  sign the petition  via @change
 the first four snapchat stories on my snap were about weed  ok we get it damn
 guess im just smoke and vibe to some tunes 
 holy smokes   five teen is what i am
 holy smokes   five teen is what i am
 marthaandsnoop smoking weed together 
 is weed good well  the first 3 letters are  wee
 quan and her husband want to open the marijuana medical dispensary on noriega.
 bra   somebody ft me while i smoke
 the smell of rain and smoke 
 i just pet my cat with my new hempwick in my hand. it was so close to being ruined
 we could smell the smoke as far away as haymarket and gainesville 
 it.  shot drugs behind right ear rubbed fentenayl. into his body areas and smoked crack cugarettes allat once for 3 hours.... why is it aliv
 @milesplit i didnt see smoke in this race
 what if the refugees are a smoke screen to get into our country i mean while were watching them they enter a different way let that sink in
 @realdonaldtrump @exxonmobil   lay off the unethical smoke blowing up es asshole pipes. this is repulsive.  this is illegal.  this is you.
 @potus  plan doesnt take govt out. smoke n mirrors they strengthen medicare with billions of dollars. @foxandfriends  liars
 another smokescreen  distraction @aliwatkins 
 these damn smokers are hold up this wawa line.
 the best smoke detector for a home  and the worst which do you have 
 i wish i could breathe but all of this smoke 
 @sfkingz17 @realdonaldtrump if you were smart  you would see through the smokescreen. of course its a problem. sol 
 @realdonaldtrump fcpa smokefire quackduck donald trumps worst deal  via @newyorker
 should me amp @therealcashis do a weed song together
 should i amp @therealcashis do a weed song together 
 colorado is moving toward new limits on collective marijuana growing under a bill that sets a new statewide limit 
 damn sucking trumps dick has this nigga higher than weed will ever get you 
 he wanted smoke i left him vaporized
 why exactly was weed ever made illegal  tf happened 
 smonk weed
 i had a dream i ate weeds. 
 ct public health committee convenes to discuss regionalizing health depts and recreational marijuana. darien 
 @varneyco the bill is not replacing obamacare it is modification  w new name. it is smoke n mirrors still govt control of our medical care
 the carpool lane really weeds out the dishonest people of the world
 @newtgingrich trump tweeted this was phase 1 of his new bill. the bill is smoke n mirrors it is not what the people asked for modification
 someone lowkey smoked out the bathroom 
 they took my grinder it still had weed in it 
 real vibes out this one listen to smoke amp cruise by @nikobeats  np on soundcloud 
 nature and weed and the sun are my favorite things im such an earth sign
 now that weed is legal  can i still get a medical card and work in the medical field   is that a dumb question
 it took me years to understand that gangsta lean by clipse was about weed amp not a person 
 ok i would but i have paranoia x1 000 when i smoke so nothing fucking helps 
 some yute getting tasered on the beach for smoking weed
 i took extra time to explain in more detail how the weather factored  into thick smoke traveling 200 miles to the 
 i took extra time to explain in more detail how the weather factored  into thick smoke traveling 200 miles to the 
 i was the best weed man cobbpaulding ever had dont @ me
 obviously the president meant  fuck this smokescreen response
 hb1648 new natalie m. laprade medical cannabis commission  diversity 
 when the weed so good you had to explain everything from the beginning... passthejbruh wityahighass 
 i suppose he could claim it was an incidental meeting that slipped his mind but there sure is a lot of smoke for th 
 @xladyluxury wont be surprised if thats mays dlc at this rate. what next smokes knocking us down
 black smoke backdrop as @kansasguard crews swap  fuel black hawk  while fighting reno county fire kwch12 
 really wish women never met weed
 @rosyedd  the more the american people learn about donald trump  the less they believe the smoke and mirrors fiction of his success story.
 my first post  which outlined the landscape of canadian marijuana  can be read via desktop here   cdnpoli vanpoli
 everything is fine in moderation. ive even heard of some doctors suggesting weed in small amounts to help w pregna 
 when u smoke and listen back to the track you just made 
 juice alert 180 smoke bramalea city centre has the mankind ejuice line available in 0mg and 
 award we printed for our local freemasonry lodge.  blue pla switched to silver smoke htpla. 220c  .2mm layers 
 the more i smoke the more i enjoy life and what it has given me
 @epascottpruitt city council of montrose  mi is proposing a manufacturing center for cannabis within city limits against will of the people.
 @epascottpruitt please help montrose  mi from city council imposing a manufacturing center for cannabis within its very own city limits.
 @epa please help montrose  mi from city council imposing a manufacturing center for cannabis within its very own city limits.
 @epa montrose  mi city council is forcing a marijuana manufacturing site within our residential community. we need your help
 i am now the swamp cleaner. i work for trump fighting the weeds and scum that clog our govt. @lookinabout @bakedalaska
 my investment consultant called me and asked to set up a facetime to go over my investments. shes a total smoke show
 @presssec your boss der trump is blowing smokescreens to hide the truth thst he is in bed with putin trump is a clown you r his patsy
  quotes from medical doctors pertaining to marijuana  cannabis  
 everything was grey his hair  his smokes  his dreams and now hes so devoid of color doesnt know what it means.. it makes me blue..
 glue weed  
 if you smoke inside your houseapartment we cant be friends man you stiiiiink. your washing machine tainted. 
 biggest pet peeve when people send me pics of their weed
 favorited a video kublai khan smoke and mirrors  here on may 11.
 rt gt @greenapplenm  spread support for your fellow nm citizen medical cannabis patients
 the rain really gave me the best cover to smoke in my car. it was damn near relaxing
 politics is really smoke and mirrors. you probably never even heard of the people who really run america.
 this 11 year old said her mom would beat her ass if she did the hell challenge  but she posts vid of smoking weed and sex shit 
 michael luckily colorado has legalized weed because i think medical marijuana is now a necessity trumpcare 
 sicklerville has the worst weed mans ever
 i need a weed medical card for my cramps. i swear its the only thing that helps.
 acid rain or smoke again 
 sorry was absent for so long back in the social media game  @ hempfield umc 
 i could smoke pot legally in my state but the fact that given the current atmosphere it could get people close to me deported nope...
 sheriff elder and chief carey addressing group at library 21c. taking questions on marijuana and building trust wit 
 id love to share my best of 2016 video but there are more pics of titties and weed than anything. couple videos of pizza too. true romance
 @doncheadle only people up at 3am are smoking  snorting or huffing something trump is so crackalious straight smoker delusional
 should i tell my doctor that marijuana helps my health issue or what  cause after i smoke a l  i be deadass feeling right..
 recreational cannabis industry wary of trumpenforcement 
 tonight oakland city council vote on the cannabis equity initiative.lets set the tone for other citiesampstates cannabis4oak standup4equity
 where theres smoke  there are interesting twitter timelines cc @robgeorge  @ahaspel 
 @nerftoad @iyamtoo @meredithmusing merely smoke portion of smoke amp mirrors production de jour
 @jeremygoldmedia just heard u on air. id be happy to explain why a dr.   would recommend cannabis oil suppositories treat chrons amp cancer
 veterinary marijuana with pet owners already using the drug as medicine  veterinarians need to join the debate. 
 @dooleylucy wikileaks has never released a story that has been proven wrong. this is not smoke and mirrors.
 i wish i had someone i could smoke wit and look at the stars at night
 @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @whitehouse @harvard weed shop gov military and everything fbi dea ilwaco is james neva internet data breach
 james johnson battling drug addiction n shit. wish weed was legal
 @jkestatefarm @cnnbrk dude  the whole world is on sources what did  fox do to obama for 8 years cant have it both ways. smoke  
 getting smoke in your eye is the absolute worst
 i smoke cigarettes because parkinsons runs in my family amp its a preventative measure. though i only found this out after years of smoking
 not for weed though 
 @slowking what if i told you that there leaf is a marijuana leaf
 im trynna look at the stars and smoke
 wish i could smoke in my crib
 equity dir  says despite the basic equal usage of cannabis between white and black ppl  blacks were arrested 18x more than whites oakmtg
 if there was a coupon clippers show on weed smokers. my friend would be the main star.
 equity dir describes the barrier to being full participants in the cannabis business that people of color face. 
 @menanitsnic idfk. i just smoke the shitz. bitch  i never paid attention in math. lol.
 who got the bright idea to crossbreed marijuana and a plant that eats things i would like to speak to their man 
 y some of yall act like u aint never smoked a swisher befo
 there hasnt been enough research for lawmakers to make informed decisions on thc percent limits. weed is weed. get over it.
 b220161 new medical marijuana certified business enterprise preference amendment act of 2017 
 h1397 new provides sales tax exemption for marijuana used for medical purposes provides qualifying medical co... 
 houstons oneofakind 52 mile long smokestack city  including the quaint residential 
 stories on the corner while i roll my marijuana
 .@jayevann says that @desleyb deserves nothing but the highest honor of a unanimous vote on her cannabis equity ordinance oakmtg oakland
 members of the bay area urban league speak in support of the brooksreid cannabis equity ordinance oakmtg 
 not clouds this is smoke amp ash from western oks wildfires tues  200 miles away in tulsa pic was taken @ about 5 
 whats your favorite thing to smoke out of wat kinda bluntpaper bong 
 l.a. voters got to decide whether city officials measure or a citizens commission n would regulate marijuana use. choosing the city.
 some pet owners are now treating sick pets with cannabis 
 some pet owners are now treating sick pets with cannabis 
 cocaine is the new marijuana in oroville i swearrrr.
 @bartmccoy5 i believe president trump is orchestrating this exposure with his outrageous tweets.  wheres theres smoke ... sets in motion
 she really be tryna blame weed for forgetting everything i tell her 
 the cannabis equity ordinance passes with a bunch of amendments i didnt pay attention to..cause  oakmtg
 i didnt smoke a black all day.
 @time even hemp as cash crop would be great compliment to their medical program 
 @thehill @luvmyamerica why should he obama did wiretap trump using the russian excuse is just a smoke screen its time we all believe this
 lived in geneva for a few months. got jumped by some marijuana using hooligans. fake news 
 i could pick you from a dozen weeds your flowers indigo
 ld854 engross an act to correct errors and inconsistencies in the marijuana legalization act as approved by the... 
 @kybelle1957 @cspanwj the wire tap story is a smoke screen to cover up donalds russian connection...were getting to know trump better now
 stories on the corner as i roll my marijuana
 @epascottpruitt  please help the city of montrose  mi. the council is imposing marijuana manufacturing against the will of the people
 @agscottpruitt please help the city of montrose  mi. the council is imposing marijuana manufacturing against the will of the people
 @scottpruittok please help the city of montrose  mi. the council is imposing marijuana manufacturing against the will of the people
 showed you what it is you disagreed back the fuck up take a shot  hit some weed
 humans arent the only ones using marijuana to treat pain relief and illness. 
 pot for pets owners treat sick animals with cannabis 
 that is correct  the weed i use to stabilize my alpha waves and can tune in the signal.
 @msnbc total smoke amp mirrorsrepeal amp no replacementgtplangop had 8 yrs amp no plan gop r disingenuous sociopathspathological liars wo doubt
 @abc  total smoke amp mirrorsrepeal amp no replacementgtplangop had 8  yrs amp no plan gop r disingenuous sociopathspathological liars wo doubt
 @randpaul  total smoke amp mirrorsrepeal amp no replacementgtplangop had 8  yrsno plangop disingenuous sociopathspathological liars wo doubt
 @maddow total smoke amp mirrorsrepeal amp no replacementgtplangop had 8 yrs amp no plangop r disingenuous sociopathspathological liars wo doubt
 @lawrence total smoke amp mirrorsrepeal amp no replacementgtplan had 8  yrs amp no plangop r disingenuous sociopathspathological liars wo doubt
 @joyannreid total smoke amp mirrorsrepeal amp no replacementgtplanhad 8yrs amp no plangop r disingenuous sociopathspathological liars wo  doubt
 @arimelber total smoke amp mirrorsrepeal amp no replacementgtplanhad 8  yrs amp no plangop r disingenuous sociopathspathological liars wo doubt
 @sensanders otal smoke amp mirrorsrepeal amp no replacementgtplanhad 8  yrs amp no plangop r disingenuous sociopathspathological liars wo doubt
 @speakerryan total smoke amp mirrorsrepeal amp no replacementgtplanhad 8 yrs amp no planu r disingenuous sociopathpathological liar no doubt
 @elizabethforma smokemirrorsrepeal amp no replacementacagtplanhad 8 yrs  amp no plangop r disingenuous sociopathspathological liars wo doubt
 @marcorubio total smoke amp mirrorsrepeal amp no replacementacagtplanhad 8yrs amp no plangopgtdisingenuous sociopathspathological liars wo doubt
 some pet owners in california treat their sick animals with marijuana 
 the cultivation and sale of industrial  hemp could become legal in az. read more here 
 listen to break the weed down by joeph amp diego np on soundcloud 
 pet owners treat sick animals with cannabis 
 @billmaher @trevornoah for or medical marijuana patients and supporters... on sale with whachutalkinbout ent. harlem 
 every black man in prison doesnt have to be a political prisoner or been jailed for .5oz of weed to argue against prison industrial complex
 shes also very good at copying things she better chillone time  a lady came up to usampsaid she was cute you could tell she was a smoker
 this pic is self explanatory. drop one of clues  for those 4.6 miles @mspersistent smoked us 
 .@senatorleahy said he worries trump administration might be relying on hope and smoke and mirrors for infrastructure plan.
 pot for pets owners treat sick animals with cannabis  
 hb1655 new medical cannabis  certifying providers  written certifications 
 smoke some weed and listen to nature 
 @timkaine @seanhannity just like his dads politician career a smoke screen.  talks big but has done nothing. 
 this is not what smokey wanted. 
 i hope my husband doesnt smoke.
 honey  when i make a promise  i try to keep it. they messed with us.  i took the world from them  i am too beat up to run it. weed  please
 wish i had more people to smoke with
 l m a o anal weed 
 so i came to sd for caaasa confernece and in the same building they are also hosting a cannabis event as well lol
 @ericahaley super important reason why marijuana should be legalized. to help mental illnesses youd be surprised the change it can make
 getting smoke in your eye is the freaking worst
 we prolly smoked a whole ounce 
 man in second story just spoke with abc15. he says the smoke and screams of a desperate mother in the apartment be 
 bouta listen too this glasshouse 2 beginning too end and smoke this blunt
 @johnmehaffey legalized marijuana in nevada  could mean less money spent in casinos. not sure why people are surp 
 so excited to meet everyone at altaspringboard stop by the softpro booth to enter to win a masterbuilt smoker ki 
 pot for pets owners treat sick animals with cannabis 
 @senfranken your sessions smokescreen isnt working sen grassley has a few questions of his own 
 pass me tha green i need sum weed with my hennessy
 h5865 new the edward o. hawkins and thomas c. slater medical marijuana act 
 wish i knew i couldve flown with my weed as long as i had my card n letter earlier 
 im just tryina smoke
 there could be a huge amount of excess cannabis if the government delays legalization could be worse...cdnpoli 
 days like this i wish i could smoke
 hearing ptsd be debated as a qualifying medical condition for the colorado medical marijuana program. 
 pot for pets owners treat sick animals with cannabis 10tv 
 @repmikefoote twins study finds no evidence that marijuana lowers iq in teens  cannabisforptsd coleg
 could bexar county be next to decriminalize marijuana ksatnews 
 lets weed out the bad decision makers first 
 lmfaoooooo how he on tour and im at home smoking weed then riddle me that 
 i just wanted to smoke some weed before my session but of course the universe gave me the l instead.
 and to make matter worse for hempstead  four starters now have three fouls  and its very early in the 3q iahsbkb
 one of the cab drivers at terminal c was smoking some strong marijuana. yikes.
 this hemp wick just set my hair on fire and nina and i were just like what do
 dream and smoke 
 @potus @seanhannity womans march is smokescreen for crooky hillary obama operatives anti trump not equal rights
 @wallstreetwoif smoking weed shouldnt define who you are though
 president trump meet with medical marijuana patients like my sick daughter.  sign the petition  via @change
 @tylermoffenbier i really wish i could smoke with her
 they should have need weedfestivals  in casinos. u cant  smell they weed anyway
 performinglive  march 19th at skullys  listen to kannon  smoke up by kannonwithaboomrr np on soundcloud 
 pr220148 passed medical marijuana dispensary congressional review emergency declaration resolution of 2017 
 black cars black bra  black thong  black shades on my face to earase all the haters  drink champagne. smoke with me 
 got super lucky at work.  co worker gave me some free weed gags
 got super lucky at work.  co worker gave me some free weed haha
 look everybody a new and exciting smoke screen given to you by the master of coverups.  tune in for more coverups a 
 @realdonaldtrump this nonsence about president obama tapping dicktraitor trumps fones is just a smokescreen to divert attention from russian
 what would happen if you blew weed smoke into an ant hill 
 gave a homeless guy the last half of my cigarette and before he took it he asks before i smoke this you dont have aids or nuthin right
 @evillemon420 fact marijuana treats depression by inhibiting the ht2gay receptors  resulting in long term homosexuality
 ive had enough of yalls overpriced shit 100 a month for internet got dsl 25m all the time better than 75m smoke and mirrors bs comcast
 i wish i could dye my hair a smokey lilac but i dont have the time or the money to upkeep it 
 cali and colorado got the best weed.
 @sophiesgunner @cbsnews the story is about pet owners and marijuana. i didnt know dogs could handle  it
 wish i could smoke rn
 i miss the old days when you could smoke anywhere like in all the presidents men. 100moviesinoneyear
 can someone help me with an attention getter about weed. please im struggling 
 yo on the real the guy with the fake m5 really has to stop telling people he smoked me in a race 
 100 not true. smoke em if yuh gottem. cheers v 
 pot for pets owners treat sick animals with cannabis 
 this thing that alicia smokes brings me tears 
 holy smokes you can post multiple pics at once on insta 
 rt amp sign petition to tell president trump meet with medical marijuana patients like petitioners sick daughter | 
 president trump meet with medical marijuana patients like my sick daughter.  sign the petition  via @change
 @dseaman @msnbc so youre a trump  putin dick smoker  too
 knew you took marijuanas 
 @ooofreedom2 @bakedalaska @ajax2847 @aplusk  but hey r so corrupt  they r probably part of it. one big smokescreen
 lol my coworker just gave me some weed.
 didnt even smoke at halftime  but im about to now bitches 
 i wish i had weed or a bowl so i could sleep 
 im not just blowing smoke sherilynnmarilyn    create visual stories 
 i wish i vaped so i could snapchat it all the time and show people that i can do cool smoke tricks out of my nostrils
 i am a chronic consumer of marijuana   i will be the first to tell you withdrawal if very real
 @holdmybluntt friendship pipe time  you gotta show your love for freedom smoke  unite together to get legal  med 
 just watched the first episode of an anime i heard from @kerothewolf called ginga denetsu weed. its interesting so far.
 just watched the first episode of a furry anime @kerothewolf mentioned called ginga denetsu weed. its interesting so far.
 literally everything has had me on edge all day  i just need to smoke this blunt 
 gorilla glue. babe made brownies amp my smart ass was like pour the rest of the weed butter in shit had my fucked u 
 pot for pets owners treat sick animals with cannabis 
 gm @ hempstead village  new york 
 too much attention on the phone tap smokescreen smh.. refocus on russia
 @drudgereport @dailymirror this wild boar would rather roam the toxic land than be jailed in a cage i suggest medical marijuana for pets
 up early  weeding my garden  planting spring flowers  and generally enjoying the early morning quiet. a homeowners work never ends.
 if i was a true pothead i could smoke all day and still be able to function
 we just got medical marijuana here in fl...will help so many people. sessions is against it bc of big pharma.  
 i just wanna gooooooo homeeeee and smokeeee and sleeppppppp wtfffff
 and im far from cheap  i smoke skunk with my peeps all day spread love  its the brooklyn way
 definitely smoke that truck out on the way. deadass.
 i want to smokeeeeee
 youll never truly appreciate the finally product that is the sinsemilla we inhale until you tend to a crop of cannabis plants.
 lol we smoke on ft when we cant smoke together. 
 legalizing marijuana is throwing gasoline on addiction fire  says former congressman kennedy 
 listen to movin ft smokepurpp prod.ronnyj by lil pump np on soundcloud  
 in the shop shooting medical marijuana supply products for a client amp jammin to some zac brown. 
 @vampybitme you always help me out. lets weed out the horse faced egomaniacs amp the bratty snot nosed primadonnas from the world.
 im moving to washington to pursue my dream of being the first person to overdose on marijuana.
 at least four cannabis culture marijuana dispensaries run by jodie and marc emery were raided by police in ontario on thursday morning
 at least 4 marijuana dispensaries run by marc and jodie emery raided by police in ontario  including 2 in toronto. 
 due tomorrow comments for 138epender med marijuana on historic pender in chinatownyvr. violates bylaws  vanpoli
 @wackyherbs @liftcannabis i beat metastasized stage 4 breast cancer  attribute this to medicinal cannabis oil. i was given 3 months to live.
 watchin movies in the jacuzzi smoke lsss while ya do me 
 the dispensary i go to has never been raided and the owner is licensed. i am smart when it comes to my cannabis brah.
 @lionelverney @jtblogs @pioneerpress shortly after the smoke bomb there was mace and tazing happening the video is pinned on my homepage
 glue and glue and glue and coffee and good weed  good morning
 looks like firefighters are knocking the black smoke down  but its still billowing. @ctvwindsor 
 @nbcnews dearmrpresident in my opinion  worst president ever. throwing out smoke screens doesnt negate his serious issues  russia  lying
 stories on the corner as i roll my marijuana
 i went to the restroom  a guy asked jarett if he wanted to buy.. how come he didnt ask when i was there do i look too innocent to smoke
 @gregoryinez2 @crehage @realdonaldtrump. smoke and mirrors is all hes been doing so far.
 i wish you could venmo weed 
 sometimes  i wish i could make weed brownies. i mean  why tf not 
 worst weed i ever smoked 
 dolph amp wiz should just smoke together
 i loved the rain we got in phx recently  but my poor husband has been pulling weeds for the past 4 hours desert problemsolved hardwork
 supporters of cannabis culture telling me they cant believe the business was raided by police this morning. 
 @ashleiighwoodx his bio is everything  ima smoke one for dally rn 
 @allison60smith @feliciathethot your friend posts pics of bongs pipes and weed and this is how you respond to angel smoking..
 couple dozen supporters protesting outside cannabis culture in vancouver. just lit a spliff 
 my uber driver just told me an extensive story about how he lost his virginity  fist bumped me  then asked me if i like marijuana
 web poll should police continue to shut down cannabis shops even as fed. govt moves toward legalization vote 
 hb790 new regulating controlled plants and noxious weeds establishing the controlled plant and noxious weed co... 
 dallas cowboys free agency so far smoke and mirrors
 @fishsports can we conclude the release of romo   was all smoke amp mirrors conducted brilliantly by stephen  jones 
 why does @senjasonlewis want to preserve an unregulated marijuana black market that leads to teenagers getting shot 
 nemo  marlin  and the mother who was brutally murdered in the beginning all star in weeds. its so weird seeing them all speak 
 @breakssvds818 @cfarrellboxing smokescreen with the potential of inferno for richard. he may end in serious  debt
 if we smoke in my car all roaches belong to me not up for debate new rule
 my brother just deadass asked the dentist if he can smoke after getting his wisdom teeth out 
 one of our favorite medical marijuana advocates  marcemery  aka theprinceofpot  was 
 @samsungcanada holy smokes such amazing quality. cant wait to take pictures of mt. kilimanjaro next year with my 
 there does seem 2 b alot of smoke. we will get thru this together. r history proves how well we work together 
 i do wish i had gotten home last week with the weed and feed and gotten it done...weve had great rain since friday...would be good 4 lawn
 i gave up smoking weed for lent and its been the hardest thing ive ever given up.
 even though i hate to admit it  sometimes i smoke cigarettes.. @ 
 even my nieghbor came to wish me a happy birthday and gave me weed killer omfg shade
 @janetporach @rrplus @realdonaldtrump i thought it was a parody of all the resistance weeds in the world. never ha 
 interesting slide introducing sb 236  which would allow local govts to give permits for public marijuana use. 
 got7 may have been lowkey selling weed all this time and we didnt know l j
 and watch a movie in the jacuzzi  smoke ls while you do me.
 i remember the first time i heard the term rapper weed now thats all i smoke. straingang
 @austinbarbour hemp is her solution to everything. will save us from radiation poisoning too.
 man i  needa smoke..... ant smoked in 4ever but god knows i need the relief
 fellow supports  theres as easy way to get your camping snipers moving. cover them in smoke grenades.   bf1
 @jbouie serious about  .gop has pulled off a corporate takeover of amerika .opiates make  weed is the answer.
 i wish i could smoke bowls at my desk at work thatd be cool
 gettin ready to bartend for @upchurchrhec show  blowin smoke by @taylorraystweet came on  i jumped up amp down dancing  ampa tiddy came out...
 hennessy amp weed when i do her 
 @garthturner @99freemind only bar left within 500 miles of toronto were you can have a smoke inside a bar. chairman 
 @alasscanisback @rawstory to help people get over this feeling  the president is handing out free marijuana to people suffering from him.
 i wish i had weed 
 i didnt know hamilton  ontario was hip enough to have a cannabis club there to be raided. way to go hamilton  
 residential  singlefamily  fire  smoke prealert  penn shop rd green valley disp e152  c15  u15
 listen to smokepurpp  no smoke  vloneplug exclusive by  np on soundcloud 
