 if trump doesnt use smoke silhouettes and pyrotechnicslasers as part of his scotus announcement  then whats he even doing president for
 @akakatie1 @loudphillips @longmireposse @mywolfsong @anigequoti @kathyraven85 are you going to holy smokes bbq
 difference is they smoke huff  
 you always in the mood to smoke and or fuck.. but never in the mood 2 pay bills on time   
 im so strong  holding my sis up while shes putting the smoke detector in... 
 gone have me incarcerated posting weed pick n shit
 now im falling asleep and shes calling a cab while hes having a smoke and shes taking a drag 
 my friends trying to smoke  me 
 @retarchaeology apparantly not to them. its mostly just smoke at this point. thing is part of the mall was to reopen
 @khrysmishell yeah  smokey the bear
 eyes shut  while the smoke fills the room music playin in the background this shit done got me in the mood
 and she said shes trying to find one with a room that has a balcony so i can smoke 
 goldie  smokey and buttercup enjoyed all of the attention at home depot and pet smart with their 
 watching 10 things i hate about you. smoke sum
 fuck curiouscat  yall be wit dat smoke on there
 @abc7 they need to start taxing alcohol the same way they went after smokers to stop this
 me waiting for that loan deposit to hit bc im the brokest ive ever been in my life and i desperately need weed an 
 need sum weed 
 who lit underground thats new  need some more vibey shit to smoke to 
 holy smokes shes gorgeous  
 barry gordy amp smokey robinson came out  @motownmusical @pantages motownmusical pantages barrygordy smokeyrobinson hollywood
 anyone trying to smoke sesh
 ill smoke you out howbowdahhh 
 im just trying to smoke some bowls
 @brazilianjesus shrooms or weed
 i hate when ppl smoke for bodymonsa tyna thing its not bodymonsa 
 sb0737 new amends the cannabis control act. makes a technical change in a section concerning the short title. 
 smoking on this ganja
 yall want that balcony smoke leak  500 and ill drop it
 im just thinking from reefer keep on talking from liquor
 yeah if your smoking a pound of weed it is. they need to stop blowing up shit and go to school saying dumb shit lik 
 seaweed 50 sea  50 weed.   ding
 @cindienolin1 i visit the smokey mountains.honey is sold everywhere.
 @sspangler15 how about get a job and stop smoking weed
 i just had a nightmare and i woke up and thought i smelled smoke but its gone now so... guess ill die
 attempt to stop smoking weed pt. 2
 im done smoking my weed with niggas   im facing everything
 if yall thinking about making a weed smoothie i hope you die from drinking that shit. yall find dumb shit to do every day
 yall always wanna be crjs majors but stay smoking weed doing coke and reckless shit
 im trying to stop smoking weed
 true life i cant stop smoking weed  
 thats the only way you getting some of dis pressure i been stopped selling weed. ima smoker.
 boutta start growing my own weed so i can stop relying on other ppl
 pick me up some weed and edibles  dont forget my coffee and donuts   got a sweet tooth
 its a great day to be a sig  come to the z house for tonights smoker 
 id rather run the other way than stay and see the smoke  and whos still standing when it clears
 our new mojo smoked chicken sandwich  cafe is now open tuesfri 117  saturday 106.  
 swear im done smoking ppl up... its either match or dont smoke with me at all
 im trying to smoke blunt
 my orthodontist keeps telling me to stop smoking like bih fall back while i smoke my weed pls amp thanks 
 ive been in the process of quitting smoking and i relapsed in the worst way possible.  i chained smoked a pack of cigarettes in one night.
 the health effects of cannabis and cannabinoids the current state of evidence and recommendations     via @theiom
 large smoke plume visible in ne gainesville  61 acre rx burn conducted by st. johns water management district @sjrwmd @ktk985dotcom
 do my mother fuckin weed got some sticks  no.
 i smoke like an exhaust pipe
 friday its lit twin... cant smoke but henny well do so you know we gotta turn up 
 mary jane keep talking shit imma have to smoke her
 who is trying to smoke
 another reason to kill nafta it encouraged mexican farmers to grow more profitable marijuanaopium poppies instead 
 trying to smoke tbh
 i dont smoke stop askin me to match up
 this mans smoking weed by the bus stop and im tryna take a hit before leaving to work
 just signed back into my tinder account so i can get my hands on some weed 
 me af fuck you bitch ill smoke all i want 
 if you my homie n you never smoked me out before we not homies
 @smokeyrobinson @pharrell   love you smokey
 there is no greater feeling than having a smoke and a coffee and a shit at the same time.
 shes smoke
 ben and i payed the marijuana lollipop guy 5 to promote himself  hes a great guy lickylicky
 herb im not a nerd i smoke blunts and kick verbs
 davis mustve smoked in every film  she does make it look fetching... darkvictory tcmparty 
 things im thankful for at the moment  1. weed 2. dunkin donuts coffee
 stick to weed honey history is hard to spell 
 ill smoke a reggie stick if i had some
 im just trying to smoke weed and chill.
 yeah ill smoke someone for madi  
 im trying to smoke
 guess who just bought some weed...this nigga 
 i need sum weed 
 creans got out his smoke amp mirrors talking defections. blind man can see soft dhi to.   @kentsterling 
 stick to weed kid  
 @realdonaldtrump donald aside from blowing smoke out of your ass  now trying to start a war with the kiwis
 @p0pmark grew up with these...ugh that is why i know about them.  dont really taste like bacon but do have a smokey flavor for vegans
 @akthomas19 @fiendbassy  how i go from selling reefer and plates to eating steaks with cole and playing fifa with drake
 my weaknesses are food  weed and liquor
 sending smoke amp prayers up for the veterans thank you.  
 i just need to smoke and chill this weekend....and eat  lots of eating
 dis shit sound smokepurpp af  
 @shaunking @mratway legalizing weed would go along way  no one should be caged for posesion of a plant. its stupid.
 u either high af and dumb asl and ik u dont smoke  
 so to the big homie for this smoke sesh rn
 @bombchellemp guess ill smoke myself back to sleep
 hb1857 new addressing provisions concerning marijuana with respect to research licenses  local authority notifi... 
 guess ill smoke a blunt
 guess ill go smoke
 was up at 530a  why because were counting before we open today. at least ill be off at 330 today. but damn. this early for a weed store
 i bought a pound i suppose to be done with weed but i guess ima addicted
 the names are going to be smokey dankey frankie  and ben 
 having a cup of coffee and a smoke this morning
 i cant exercise  i smoke sativa
 @jeffreyguterman great  im sending trump a cannabis brownie  and a note eat me.  donut standin for brownie
 ucberkleyriot and out of the smoke locusts came down on the earth and were given power like that of scorpions of the earth.
 going to start weeding out politics from the tl.  not sorry in advance.
 about to stop smoking weed 
 dis nigga smoking all my weed 
 @fuhqiammeek001 @markmireles44 @ustadium not sayin he would flat out smoke calvin in a race cuz they both fast  but he would definitely win
 are there weeds in your money garden well its time to clear them out and start sowing seeds 
 i been lit since back when i aint even smoke
 you smoke this shit and youll see shenron 
 keep my gun and sum weed and sum cash wit me
 my 4 year old sister keeps calling her wii  her weed hahahaha
 when you accidentally spill your weed all over your karate gi
 ive never witnessed a run this big in person 270 and counting. holy smokes.
 bouta smoke bout 3 ounces dis weekend 
 smoking the ganja and drinking wine  
 lmao i should brush up on a few things all dat weed smoking made me forget basic shit. smh 
 somebody  always got shitt to say about what kamaine do. kamaine smokes weed and mind her fucking business.
 @speechboy71 @louisemensch funny if connex betw flynn and turkeynot exactly russias closest allyis fire under fbidojfisa smoke
 my brother is trying to get me to smoke the weeds healp
 tina found my weed stash  so i guess its time to start moving bricks instead 
 growin like a weed 
 niggas be selling weed amp be criminal justice majors like how that work  centralrys17
 where the fine girlz dat smoke 
 my job is making art. my trap is hospitality. my 1 hobby is smoking rapper weed.
 currently jamming curreny with this bad bitch she dont smoke but she going burn with me .
 @okmagazine shes a human being and some people handle tough times differently....even if she gained 30lbs shes still a fucking smokeshow 
 time to smoke it up  420 smokeseshh 
 confirmed 4 the next @thebodashow podcast @steveaddeo  pauly walnuts  darius the weed chemist soltes  and me
 z weed 
 what yo doin after you smoke dis 
 smoking weed is a hobby 
 need a hobby or... weed hahaha
 lmao im trying smoke dis 
 ugh rude. interrupting my smoke sesh 
 guess i better smoke a bowl now 
 my fiance and i are drunk and trying to go smoke at the park but  this is hard
 god dam  can i now smoke the fuck up. im dead ass been busy af 
 why am i awake at two am smoking weed watching cribs on my phone pls lmk.
 me looking through my mood chart for patterns between my manias  depressions  psychotic symptoms  weed use  and men 
 im on a seaweed diet  i see weed and i smoke it.
 watching my homies smoke makes me sad lol
 sucks that niggas wont kick it now a days unless you trying to smoke
 id do shrooms  weed  and codeine thassit
 guess ill smoke a blunt to the face 
 we finna smoke dis gas 
 sick and tired of smoking i think ill just smoke myself
 its been medically proven that watching a ball game called by bill walton kills more brain cells than smoking what bill smokes beforehand.
 with zero hits  rt @kasg973 its 30 pages of rhymes in this notebook cannabis
 stupid smoke detector has to start beeping at 530 am. my dog are going to loose it.
 i smoke weed eat yogurt.
 decorative china holding me smoke
 im at bavarian smoke haus in new melle  mo 
 recent work for smokey bones restaurants lifestylephotography smokeybones food people 
 recent work for smokey bones restaurants lifestylephotography smokeybones food people 
 fired up to kick off @savordallas with @rpscllndallas  thanks to @jrmanufacturing for the new smokey toys to cook with. the best around
 @babycatnfriends smokey is some better this moorning. he does not want to rst  but i will keep trying. thank you to all twitter pals. 
 @ dj opinions is why i have @applemusic its about the music not your opinions on legalize marijuana. no more @979wnci morning zoo for me.
 aye lemme get yo number even tho i have 6 baby mamas  no job  selling my homies weed and sleeping on my mama couch 
 nfl but weed is bad  weed is satan 
 aids   science says marijuana can protect the brain from the effects of hiv 
 the smell of marijuana is drifting into my apartment from the street below. i dont have coffee in the house amp im getting a contacthigh.
 ate a piece of weed brownie before work  stay tuned.
 its going to be a chilly weekend pair smokedhoney with a smoked cheddar cheese sammy amp curl up by the fire  fi 
 i smoke weed so i wont go crazy n start slapping the shit out folks
 came in too early for work so i got smoked out earlybirdgetstheworm
 @nudah smoke crack
 time with the queen food weed and music cause minnesota too dam cold. 
 i feel bad for the ppl whos bodies wont let them smoke weed. like  weed is so tight.
 her brain excellent my brain scramblin bet you she cant handle it while im gon off that cannabis.
 when you smoking with someone and see they not even inhaling the smoke 
 my body becomes numb when i smoke.
 @emmautters @kdarlingauthor weed.
 recent work for smokey bones restaurants lifestylephotography smokeybones food people 
 when its darn near spring and you have cut weeds to find your yard tools....firstworldproblems weedeating 
 people who smoke hella weed look dead in the face. its a rare case that this is not true.
 match my smoke out
 grilled cheese  weed gummies  new ep of riverdale
 shes cute but she smokes swishers 
 if u smoking skinny ass blunt you might as well stop smoking weed and smoke cigarettes all you smoking is tobacco paper
 who else  smokey. gbo 
 very nice smokey nutty flavor. not heavy at all. well done.  drinking a pilgrim creek porter at @oldchicagoep  
 @therossowenshow @stephenwalters or is that smoke
 my window wouldnt roll back up when i went out for a smoke on lunch break lord it is too windy so i went to the walmart auto repair guys
 my girl smoked 4 grams w me idc if yall think its dumb to me it makes me happy af 
 gunna go crawl in my music production hole with wine  weed and coffee  have a good weekend 
 work from home smoke @olivacigar serieo cigaroftheday cigaroasis cigaraficianado cigarsnob cigarlife 
 imagine i sold weed
 why did i just smoke   nicole and gordy some bad influences on me 
 i think im all done with coffee and weed for a little while... dependonnothing
 new our special edition bad ass smoke slayer candle quickly and easily eliminates smoke and 
 i do not smoke pls stop asking me to match and if i did smoke id fs face it instead of matching 
 im not trippin. my weed loves me
 everyone is in for a treat with @hanlonsmokehou1 this sunday. from dublin smokehouse to industrial chic 
 when its time to spit the marijuana lit
 old dumb ass got arrested for selling weed 
 @alanlittlejohn now back to pulling my weeds
 smoke weed eat yogurt
 12 is at my work so 8 likes and ill rat on brick for having weed in her truck
  dfw norml is a great organization talking about marijuana laws in texas in the legalization of it
 drinking a hop juju 2017 by @fatheadsbeer @ sublime smoke   photo
 drinking a hop juju 2017 by @fatheadsbeer @ sublime smoke   photo
 my weed so strong itll make you come speak to me on my brothers grave ... fuc you mean yuuuuheard
 its crazy to see the three week difference. our little munchkin is growin like a weed. sevybaby2017 
 remember when skyler white accused jesse pinkman of selling walt marijuana but really he was helping him cook meth
 the mats naslund sandwich. montreal smoke meat and swedish rye bread. @canadiensmtl 26 110 67lw matsnaslund 
 ampa smoke sum
 nice smoky flavor. hints of coffee   drinking a young hickory @ jack amp jamesons smokehouse   photo
 who fw the weed brownies  
 nope. my weed man just got 6 mos. and im holding interviews all weekend. sorry. 
 making weed brownies tonight
 smoking weed while im standing in the shower
 wow jameer nelson got fat. holy smokes. celtics
 @chefjernard culinaryfightclub enjoying some smokey whiskey river sauce with my meal 
 last weekend of smoking marijuana you know im going hard 
 when i smoke a black cuz im gettin lit  i feel like a newark nigga
 @cedrictillman and the smoke from witchburning is actually quite healthy for the lungs.
 finally someone talking about addressing racial disparities in the new legal weed ecomony. 
 @csydelko @elijahdaniel yall deadass smoked out of a hotdog. how do you come up with this shit 
 hate how smoke shops close early af 
 lit ass smoke sesh
 @thathippygurl im so frustrated that there is all this smoke but nobody is looking for the fire.appoint independent counselampinvestigator
 lol can you imagine if i stoped smoking weed 
 smoking weed 
 who trying to smoke
 hook uclaarizona up to my veins while i smoke with bill walton 
 guess just gunna smoke blunts and watch the fire stick
 just successfully fought zigs smoke detector and won. gg boys @schcha15 @blakeprzysiecki @gabenulsen @liam
 taking applications for a smoke sesh buddy
 most yall didnt start smoking big until the weed got cheaper
 president trump make the dea tell the truth about marijuana  sign the petition  via @change
 im trying to smoke this blunt tho
 sour patch kids with weed should be called sour patch adults.
 legalization needs to be tied to amnesty amp expungement processes for those incarcerated under marijuana prohibition 
 @bluntslut miss you and ya crazy ass ill hit you when i visit sm we gotta smoke and sip that henny 
 like if you are thankful for weed 
 new items today. vintage hemp ethnic textile decorative throw pillow case. 
 its fine. ill stick smoke it. is the most iconic thing thats ever come from bellefonte
 i guess ill smoke
 and smoke sum
 2 9lb butts hitting the smoker this morning. should be done around 6pm. trying out a new dry rub from @brisketmafia 
 guess ill smoke..
 ill be at warwick hs tonight to cover @wmallenbball against hempfield in first round of @piaasports 6a boys basketball playoffs. lvvarsity
 deadass ill just stay in the crib amp smoke 
 smoking weed with pants off gets you higher
 when i smoke i dont have dreams  but when i stop smoking i start having weird ass dreams. is it just me
 if you smoke up all my weed or even drink the last bit of henny amp i come home to you intoxicated on my shit wo me im kicking you out too
 just tested the smoke alarms  @drummzack didnt even wake up i guess i wont rely on him to save me
 @lisser2 they buy refuced fat and smoked gouda.  what the fuck.
 @karlyjo09 gotta embrace both the hops and the pots. hope you are doing well playa long time no smoke
 so whos trying to smoke and get food
 3 ways i became more positive person 1 changed circle of influence 2 less weedalcohol 3 made my health 1 priority
 the only difference between a flower amp a weed is judgement...saturday earlystart 
 just got the 1933 king kong to see before going to the new one. holy smokes. i forgot how crazy racist and sexist it is.
 found out my mama be eating weed brownies... but she dislikes the fact that i smoke. how that work
 something about weed amp coffee
 pajama pants and weed saturdaymorning
 def and reefer fuel. @ loves travel stop in st. joseph  mo 
 all the acid shrooms and weed you smoke and alcohol you drink has fried your brain if you think we cool after you the shit you pulled
 im an og weed growing king what you holding
 texas saturdays baste paste our newest flavor in our baste paste line.  @atxvanilla paste smoked paprika w some heat and spices mmmm good.
 @macinichole123 and i made pancakes and she filled my apartment with smoke and i kept trying to cook mine with the burner turned off 
 oakie smokes im on board with this one.  drinking an 1516 by @gooseisland at @macnivens   
 a nice smokey drink.  drinking a blacksmith smoked porter by @highlanderbrew @ stinson neighbourhood    photo
 its good weed and xanax in california and i still see people inhaling shit out of balloons
 @hobster ill b back tomorrow. we should have a smoke out 
 rons processing is running special . 1 per lb  i got a 160 lb smoked pork package. farm fresh. 
 welcome queens @ king weedy 
 johnny and i are trying to develop healthier lifestyles. organic food good exercise. and no more weed. just fat fucking tbowls to the dome
 @milesferal @oneplus oh baby look at chu @jreshkah   its like a marijuana phone ad gone furry..in a sexy way. haha idk  but i dig it.
 @clearwaymn that is awesome about time somebody fights for the smoker who needs ecig to help them quit smoking mnleg nic patches fail
 @babycatnfriends dearest bc thank you for your support of my smokey. he crossed otrb early this morning. i chose to honor his life not mourn
 so i guess ill smoke.
 trying to smoke before work
 always wanted to smoke with @sfaverdi . sober we have a blast  high we would be too lit.
 grandma telling me stories of when shed see smokey robinson for 20 cents
 i just feel bad for all the skeets in front of the village mall having a brutal time trying to light a smoke  nlwx
 meddi too kick his ass mannyvibes and ben free weed 
 i just feel bad for all the skeets in front of the village mall trying to light a smoke  nlwx
 spend 420 on weed st. i guess 
 while hes having a smoke amp shes taking a drag 
 who got a place we can smoke ill light up
 whatever. guess ill go cook amp smoke amp pretend im okay some more.
 yall mfs need to stop smoking weed 
 surf house where the parents smoke more than the surfers
 i had a cute outfit and they said i was under dressed so here i am weeding a see threw dress fuck my life
 im so high from this weed brownie cdna bribe bruh how am i gunna go to work
 maddy is going to smoke her ass thewrongstudent
 davaunta thomas oh my. tomahawk slam over and thru ben clare and 1. holy smokes.
 if you find a bag of weed on the floor mothafucka what the fuck you gon do
 when i smoke my whole mood changes.
 went got sum sour smoke few blunts i was good
 im just trying to smoke some marajuana
 @alexjs85 @notlenz our uncle works at nintendo and he said 420 is the weed number sorry
 there have been zero weed related deaths. cant say the same for alcohol. case closed. theres your answer. you are 
 jare amp i have the house to ourselves tn  we just ate some weed cookies amp now were waiting for them to kick in. lit saturday night guys.
 the more you know  cannabis edition. 
 yoooooooo im just trying to smoke a b and chill 
 @thekidsin201 my how times have changed. theyre trippin off a wild cannabis plant in the garden 
 im watching a bad nollywood film. geez  they could have at least changed the smoke alarm battery before filming its beeping and beeping.
 where is the smoke sticks 
 i just want to smoke a cigarette with louis tomlinson while were laying down  looking up at the start and enjoy the sound of the nature.
 lmao a edible is like a weed brownie or sum 
 ppl from the smoke are bout to have sa lit af tonight lmao
 if i were a paranoid person  id have a hard time believing this was not smoke. goodthingimnotparanoid ohwait 
 bloody mary  weed  benzos and food  happy beaw  
 a message to the smoke. bescores 
 my sis sexyruthy67 my godbrother smoke we all grew up and i thank god for that....thankgod 
 currently im jamming currency with this bad bitch she dont smoke but she gone burn with me 
 shes a bad influence she does weed quoteoftheday lexi
 i guess im a ganja girl
 im going to do some weed and tinder
 @danijelkvak @saul42 brain power has always been limited in massachusetts  legalizing marijuana wont make much of a difference
 aly smokes cigarette filters
 @baaaabydoll i wanna come see u n smoke w u n be bad togetha
 when i dont smoke im ms. chatty pants
 ill out smoke quinns dad any day of the weekend
 so i guess iiiiii smoke 
 so i guess iiiiii smoke 
 ugh someone bring me weed and ill cook you dinner
 @postmalone gave some us some weed that made us paranoid af 
 any one trying to smoke .. ill scoop
 @jcardonaa smoke some weed bby
 that was just the skinny fag who sleeps on the couch going to smoke a cigarette prah
 who trying to smoke tho 
 im trying to smoke tbh
 up by my lonesome  guess ill smoke 
 imagine my cousins friend nathan wearing a chain  my tias fur coat  holding his flabongo  as mist and smoke drift behind him tonight
 hey i myself test my balance out when well some weed n alchohal n shit like trying to fricken walk on water. but i can dance on it fn a
 i up and ready to smoke and niggas still sleeping 
 @kinkyladies666 @ladyasmondena hot sexy powerful domme that is a sexy smoker and can spit in your eye from 20 feet away
 my dad just came n sniffed around the house i joke he smells brownies and not weed
 @thehill no it was all done stop putting smoke screens up
 me why do i feel ill me only consumed wine  weed  and newports
 another uga player arrested for weed. why yall do dumb shit. cmon now. 
 @thehypeisdead weedritas are lit
 now when i tell ppl i went to woodson  they wont be like oh weedson and instead they can say ohh state champs woodson
 im trying to smoke and people are bullshitting 
 volunteer at support us at hempstead independent school district  volunteerhempstead
 coffee amp weed
 @dpdanderson  please help  rap 4 weed is currently in the van  its running and shes asleep inside of it. 711 i 
 big smokey chipotle flavor. a hint of heat on the finish. well balanced for a... bushfire  photo
 guess who just made the smoke alarm go off making toast 
 im done with that weed smoking bullshit
 niggas be selling blood for weed amp shit 
 bday smoke sesh w me anyone
 i have the worlds worst sore throat n i keep smoking weed rip my trachea
 did you know our bodies have  an endocannabinoid system look it up check it out yo. we seek truth. cannabis is a god given plant.
 quitting smoking weed will be easier than i thought
 @chuckwoolery true dat... weed them out and send them to them back to the farm.
 in @samuelljackson own wordsno longer smokes thanks to vaping. mnleg kickbuttsday @lungassociation @profglantz 
 im trying to smoke 6 blunts  lets up the game.
 all natural and organic. attention smokers if youre looking for something to lighten your lips i have the remedy 
 who started this trend of selling weed for under 200 an ounce 
 shes playing smokey robinson and im listening to future. in the same damn room i guess ill be the mature one and put on headphones.
 im just trying to smoke at the beach
 @savmontano smoke sum weed its supposed to help with that shit
 told my sis 2 slide wit tha weed an this my response im so geeked to see my sis yall dont get it 
 one of the last things we were taking about was about me smoking im about to stop all this crying amp smoke one for you and see you laters.
 @realdonaldtrump dont let me start selling marijuana legally 
 one time i went on a tinder date amp the guy severely underestimated my smoking abilities amp i smoked all his weed. we never hung out again.
 im trying smoke and lay up 247
 this lady at the laundry mat is trying to tell me that marijuana was created by the communists to take over america. 
 hes wearing workout pants and a suit coat. and then he started telling me about all the crack he smoked in the 80s.
 i told jit she gotta help me make sum weed brownies
 if rod serling couldnt wait until after the show to have a smoke he mustve had a pretty bad addiction.
 guercios smoked cheddar cheese is divine. and a steal at less than 4lb.
 @quit420now excellent 22 min. video from cbc  weed is legal here  we have 000zero000 desire to ever use it
 and now your president  who by the way is kenyan and smokes cigarettes 30rock goodolddays
 holy smokes  a 5 for minnesota. not seeing that.
 the source of the smoke was a pair of pants that was lit on fire at the coutyard inn adjacent to the ben lomand hotel
 the smoke from the pants entered a ventilation shaft that is connected to the basement of the ben lomand hotel.
 having dinner with the wife at mojo smokehouse. good food but even better company. @ mojo 
 @beez @jeffy8878 @txracegirl48 @gypology @henzmark her dentist smokes..
 who trying smoke 
 @wandrme @ewrairport large windows  you can see the smokestacks extra well.
 i know nothing of hemp. is it a grass mary berry is a treasure @greatbboff
 quickly  robin to the batbowl  budtenderlife batbuds 420ingotham @ ganja goddess 
 buddy in the smoke room smoking mid finna kick his old ass out .
 my guys just took the a10 back to campus   flight to balifornia tomorrow amp homies said they got the smokes ready for me at the port 
 bored af man someone smoke or sum
 why am i watching kuwtk i feel like i jus smoked 2 lbs of weed and lost a billion brain cells
 why i call her mary jane shes green  loud  and she smokes good. 
 henny swiggers. weed smokers.
 @cornfrmr kyle trying to be the new smoke
 @danniweather13 this will be done to smokey
 well fuckers im wide awake... guess ill just smoke all my weed and hope it puts me to bed.
 its a difference between regular gas in rapper weed.  stop trying to be cheap. in spend the bag on the good shit. yall gas weak out here
 bout to smoke this j i guess
 if i had a tinder  this would be my anthem. to weed out the weenies. 
 when you werent gonna smoke but satan trying you
 there he goes again  trying to blow smoke up everyones ass.  
 goin over my mama house tomorrow to make weed brownies wit my lil brother. siblingbonding
 dump your cannabis ashes in the soil not the trash this seed planted itself and grew better than clones with shit tons of ashes
 ur either dyslexic af or you smoked some a dat good shit 
 i just freaked out thinking haley and kiersten were feeding me marijuana edibles but theyre just normal candy
 yall not smoking weed 
 come pick me up and ill share my weed with you
 im eating a big piece of cannabis infused nerd rope with a swedish fish center  
 if you throw weed in the sea  does it make it sea weed
 ight coo weed all me 
 @cwgoodroe ill have to do this every weekend from here on out then. it was mostly removing weeds today  but still.
 niggga said all i smoke is gas boy dats reggie stop tryna flex 
 someone with a mf house or vehicle match or smoke this one with me tomorrow morning  dm me
 ill stop smoking weed once im dead 
 i wish nene would stop trying too hook me up with mfs.... im bad news breezy  they dont want no smoke
 @misterkontos calling all things light is not a smoke screen. flatearth
 yall that was smokey
 i just learned how to make weed brownies 
 currently im jamming curreny  with this bad bitch she dont smoke  but she gon burn with me
 i brought the weed  you had the drank. we got dumb lit.
 yeeaaaaah im done smoking weed for a while. wheres the shrooms amp acid 
 i smoke as drank myself sober by thinking n talking
 you be selling cat hair amp weed 
 ill smoke by lonesome  unless someone wants to match
 if im not back on twitter tomorrow its because i died from inhaling too much smoke from the fog machine this weekend.
 when its your night off and youre trying to smoke but your homies are either at work or asleep 
 uon want no smoke squad harlem royalfamily  a1sinceday1 2017 jellzfatnation @ harlem 
 having coffee amp a smoke be4  i start cleaning did yard work yesterday just gonna clean house 2day
 they play like hood niggas that should be on the school team but decided to worry about selling weed instead 
 alright since im up forreal now  i guess ill smoke this clip
 looking to do a 68 hr smoke thursday. what should i cook
 ok ppl help me out should i smoke a bowl before going to walmart or nah
 i like pulling weeds. 
 new items today 18x18 vintage hemp ethnic textile decorative throw pillow case. 
 @gordyland  ill take some i need weed 
 guys i went out for a smoke in without gloves and i actually felt my fingers freezing off i had to run back to the hotel holy shit
 good my weed only thing i gotta stop for today is some charcoal amp maybe another cooler just in case the power goes out ......
 i would rather die than ever take xanax or smoke weed again smh that shit it not for me af
 great way to celebrate spring  cannabis cuisine experience on 423 pairs highgrade cannabis  gourmet food 
 shawty said smoke sum i said bend over let me poke sum
 coffee amp weed
 you was trying to get me to smoke with you dont flex 
  yeah weed killing your cells sis 
 @dmrdynamics @braddjaffy @jaxgma3235 bad weed.
 actual footage of me smoking the marijuana to stay young. 
 alcohol amp marijuana amp plant medicine decreases major anxiety issues that runs in my family.
 @jaketapper he was thinking instead of messages sent either by smoke signals or morse code
 @asaplisha you trying to smoke 
 im tryna smoke amp curl up with a book while throwback slow jams play one day   like that just sounds so lit to me 
 @scottwlovesyou ill take the canabis and you can have the coffee
 you look at your professor a little differently when you find out she spent years studying the effect of marijuana on sperm cells.
 dats just me. ill never eat  smoke or nun of that in my friend face. dats not how i was built
 i think once i smoke ima be coo
 i remember dis mexican nigga dat smoked crack in the 8th grade went to 179 lmaooooo 
 trying to balance the snowgativety with some bad ass bar food come on down and check our smoked 
 edwin said hes gunna get me a pia colada at smokey bones later to go with my wings  lit
 i am a part of the earth that created. @ lockhart smokehouse 
 wezzy barking off dis weed 
 @negrajuanaa they selling bush weed
 like that smoked flavor  drinking a rauchbier by @pfriembeer at @pfriembeer   
 when the homies swoop you to smoke
 finna cook   roll up and smoke 
 imagine eating no carbs and detoxing from marijuana at the same time
 i hit a new max on back squats. my old max last month 190 lbs. i just did 255 lbs yall holy smokes gainz 
 mom madison did you smoke acid because you got me fucked up. me uh you dont smoke acid  its tabs.
 feeding her hemp sourdoughstarter
 @trayysavage henny  hookah amp weed  im down
 i was just a lilshorty on the corner selling drugs with the thugs moving marijuana 
 @hungoverdunso yo im going thruuuuu it out here sos send weed 
 @djclancy223 weed  you think im gonna ruin my scholarship like that  my grind wont stop because of a little plant we workin 
 where can i buy some weed brownies or cookies
 meet wiley a5015063 rescued today from carsonanimalshelter when i adopted my dog smokey  i 
 this guy in nyc was dressed like a marijuana leaf and had a sign that said legalize. truly iconic.
 buddy got caught with 40 lbs of weed.... bruh why are you trappin mary jane you are a straight goofy
 was tryna go to buffalo but i aint got no homies so i guess ill smoke
 just got off trying to get that late smoke sesh going ha
 @sammyfung well damn... smoke more weed hahahaha
 ready smoke my brains out
 my ppl think taking shit from me gone make me stop smoking mane finna smoke dis blunt amp forget what u even talkin bout. move
 my brother is trying to tell me that organic food is bad for the planet. he was a lot more chill when he still bought weed from me
 im convinced these muskegon hoes done laced makiyah weed
 the fact of the matter is we have more evidence to substantiate global climate change than smoking causes cancer. im a smoker. come on
 how was the weed brownie  yi
 who trying to smoke ill pull up
 when the weed hits you hardgt
 dude goddammit  i ate smoked then age an edible someone send backup my soul needs resuscitating 
 @matvonthies smokey robinson at @chihorseshoe may 14  2017  
 the stupid smoke alarm wont stop beeping  kms 
 i dont smoke weed but this shit looks lit af 
 but in reality ill just smoke and bowl and hopefully drift off
 i swear i got all anxious out of nowhere tonight lol currently trying to smoke myself back to normal amp its not helping
 and start selling weed. 
 still trying to figure out where this smoke is from  im dying out here
 looking forward to a new order of whale hemp organic soft tees this afternoon. order yours 
 the smoke alarm in my room wont stop beeping so guess who sleeping on the couch  i am livid
 im done smoken weed yall can have it 
 just smoke hella amp refuse the munchies  
 the wall wont stop everybody in the u.s growing weed...honestly it wont stop anything..bribe a border patrol offi 
 blackberry smoke steers clear of politics  sticks to music |  
 about to smoke a blubt then go to the nasty ass cafe
 instead of taking notes  skip class and smoke
 how this girl loose the weed 
 got dis short bad bitch dat love foreplay  she can roll up weed and she go both ways
 done woke high and still tryna smoke 
 two farmers josh helberg and john strofus testifying in favor of rep. franson hemp  they both grew hemp successfully last year
 no clear evidence that he did not collude.  where there is smoke there is fire. thats why we investigateamp its jus 
 im trying smoke fuck that
 @bumblesnot  do you have an opinion on vets prescribing dogs marijuana tuesdaytweets
 trying to work remotely but my neighbors smoke the dankest shit and its seeping into my house. 
 its actually hard to find weed that bad. 
 they straight swept the grass clippings into a container and called it marijuana. 
 @konoswag its more of a travesty the way the manipulate the bracket to weed out mid majors by matching up udwsu  
 @konoswag its more of a travesty the way they manipulate the bracket to weed out mid majors by matching up udwsu  
 thankful to my weed man who charging 10 for the strong 
 if you want to smoke me out today for my birthday tomorrow lmk
 cut my hand open w a knife trying to make a waterfall for a mediocre hit of weed
 im just trying smoke 
 sis  do you smoke crack 
 im done smoking weed too
 this weed brownie is getting to me 
 i called larissa to smoke now were going to louis vuitton. wtf
 get yo ass off the sink and stop trying to smoke for free  and see how that work for ya
 if a leaf fall  put sum weed n dat bih
 you might gotta stop smoking orrrrr i need to smoke what your smoking  
 @vice anyone who smokes vape sticks is still trying to find themselves.
 weve confirmed from these grass clippings that marijuana is bad for you 
 cass deadass looks me in the face and goes have you ever done weed 
 @funnyviness when the weed brownies hit you
 we just got a new drop of edibles come by and check out the different gummy flavors available  cbd hemp edibles are tax free
 everythings electric in my apt.. im so screwed. smoke one i guess to figure this all out
 its ight i smoke crack 
 i smoke to much weed to be trying to match a fucking fin
 this coffee was shit until i smoked and now its quite alright
 come try the @blacksheeplodge s newest cocktail the smokey paloma kimo sabe joven mezcal  
 ill be in portland this afternoon whos trying to have a mini smoke sesh
 rare beer tuesday  wicked weed milk amp cookies to ward off the   
 well i succeed paranoid from the weed
 @illcapitano94 that smokey eye is divine.
 @dooraddae37 @jfeeva2 disloyal nfl legalized cannabis when they cut you   youll see whos disloyal.
 thinking about how fuckin stupid i looked while trying to smoke this shit 
 henny weed
 yall gotta stop trying to infuse weed into these meals....
 moisturizing my face with coco butter hair with sunflower oil have my yoga mat and bowl set n made a weed smoothie  bless 
 @montesotaco slide to jmp  geo is going and were gona smoke and then ima ball
 wheres the weed in st. louis
 im just trying to smoke a blunt
 that is not weed. those are sticks and stems. 
 they smoke session lit  
 ate a weed brownie and now im lookin for my phone 
 snowing cold and turkey feeding in the front yard. did i sleep 10 months @ smokey mountains 
 me after i just smoked and im trying to find some arizona and honeybuns 
 just cuz you smoke sherm 
 when the smoke clears  you see who still standing  @jayepaid 
 @gregthr are you implying that a smoker is a healthy person bc thats the purpose of a nic patch or gum
 like some weed brownies  bby  
 greg abbott recreational amp medicinal marijuana legalization in texas  sign the petition  via @change
 imagine if this aj vs shane build was a smokescreen amp daniel bryan was secretly medically cleared for @wrestlemania 
 i rather smoke than eat an edible... edibles creep up on you like crazy dawg.
 you been smoking my shit smokey 
 cook him dinner  and now were gunna smokeampdrink 
 headed to sxsw   if so stop by smoke depot in austin .. and pick your jadore soy candles and 
 they need to vintage this. smokey with notes of coffee and sweetness.... dimmer switch  photo
 ive never done acid so idk but this boy told me he only paid 40 for 4 tabs and i always thought acid was more  then weed idk im fried
 i hate when ppl act like they cant smoke reggie.  bihhhh u grew up on it
 i be thinking like when will i stop smoking weed 
 when the smoke starts
 than half of canadians support marijuana legalization. survey 
 ill just stick to the ganja 
 running on coffee n ganja 
 ill never tap out on weed
 me waiting on cam and devin to come over so we can smoke 
 i refuse to smoke this dirt weed yall try to pass as loud. i just wont smoke. honestly.
 bipartisan bill to capitalize on industrial hemp on the floor right now. jobs @nategentrynm nmleg 
 nah its actually hard to stop smoking weed. im not gone lie.
 tap into earths frequency using the harmonics of our atmosphere to interact with other planets via information by smoking marijuana.
 all i do is smoke weed amp cook  
 im keynote speaker at texas green rushs hemp amp garden show tomorrow trying to create some positive change here. cannabis sxsw2017
 how three millennials are helping black people become legal marijuana moguls  
 tell me why this nigga underestimated me amp got shamed af when i smoked him 
 i think that its bananas that smoking weed could stop someone from getting a job
 @yournameis can we smoke this weekend 
 i want him to say  im horse shit. i have zero defensive awareness  my brain is full of smoke. ill watch tape. 
 idk why people complain about yard work bc i had the time of my life weed eating our jungle on the dogs side yard
 me hey can you grind up some weed student athlete the grind never stops the only thing i smoke is my opponent
 by far the worst part of sx is all the smokers who come to town. who the fuck still has the disposable income to sm 
 how three millennials are helping black people become legal marijuana moguls  via @blavity
 sable smokes seaweed by the sea shore
 im trying smoke something 
 does lisa rinna smoke weed its medicine too take an edible on a flight to hong kong... might be fun rhobh
 drugmovies smokey and the bandaid
 my hobbies are smoking weed and napping
 i just keep trying to imagine it but i cant.  what it would feel like to own 1 000 000 in weed
 @realdonaldtrump snoop dogg smoking marijuana most of his life has done his brain in racial statement like what he did should never happen
 i smoke a lot of weed but i get my shit done
 i wish smokey robinson could had done a solo album with david rufffin and eddie kendrick  smokey pen game so freaking crazy  omg 
 i dont smoke  stop asking me
 this bitch always catches me during a smoke sesh 
 but smokey robinson need a biopic 
 britt when i smoke her a bowl when shes hungover 
 coffee and marijuana
 sum ding dong smoke some weed in the apartment and turn on the kitchen fan. the smell travels to mine fgs
 high as fuck off the weed smoke. laughing  counting all this money. look at all these zeroes
 after work out smoke seshs are clutch af
 trying to smoke n go mimis
 need new homies to smoke w 
 your son growing up to be a awfully fine gentleman  i seen him pulling up your weeds  can he do some yard work f 
 4reasonsilovelife weed has zero carbs 
 i give up trying to find weed in az
 the weed be pulling me under 
 im up lmk got that killa weed
 absolute trash. 3 years for ruining someones life. but ppl are catching felonys for selling weed. 
 im almost done tho i had to take a smoke and a coffee break 
 my mornings are always good when mary jane is around  always smoke that
 guess ill smoke a blunt thats what i do when im bored
 im about too stop smoking because i never have nobody too smoke with. smoking dolo all the time aint fun
 learn more about the cannabis plant and its medicinal applications with medical jane. 
 and the real cure for it is cannabis  and organic living. chemomedication is what kills you. 
 yall lil hoes got these niggas thinking if you smoke they weed and they buy you food  you supposed to fuck in return 
 my mama still trying to figure out how can i smoke and still play basketball... im a hopper sis 
 dead ass tho ill cook for you and buy the weed no problem 
 as planed  keep them dumb smoked up dependent on gov handouts and you got their votes. 
 i love weeds stop
 then he said my wife rather stay at home and pull weeds out of the yard rather than travel to paris france .. shes crazy but she can cook
 thinking i shouldve smoked before work 
 stop selling ya clothes for smoke lmaoo 
 @ivankatrump she is never rude  unlike some people suffering from daddytrump mania. perhaps smoking weed will help the angst. not sure.
 done fucking wit sum fake ass females  i can kick it amp smoke my weed by myself 
 done cleaning now i can smoke
 @dbez8821 @nflcharean @startelegram what would a smokescreen do people say it every year  but it makes zero sense. every team has own board
 so great to see students @alfredu standing up against tobacco use and fighting for a smokefree policy at their sch 
 instead of text messages he sends smoke signals  
 confessed to selling weed  n still free 
 ill smoke you out maxiiiipoooo 
 i cant smoke weed.  i get drug tested for work oh i thought it was because you were british.  @colliertaty  theyreallysaidthat
 all i know is im sick as fuck and weed  food and sleep not helping one bit. sos
 i will never not laugh at the video of zayn and louis smoking weed
 u gotta taste these weed brownies i had bro omfg me mo and twin litttt 
 @geohealthequity a5. they can not smoke kills you  not vape its for quitting smoking  and learn its not all bigt ikickbutts
 sum1 come over and smoke n cook dinner with me
 thats like trying to blow smoke up everyones ass.  
 whoever acts like smoking is a sin clearly hasnt ever sat in on a  smoke sesh  that shit will have you bonding w all diff types of people
 i saw another guy holding the sign lets smoke some weed and eat some pussy   such a savage
 man i smoke dis bitch my self ... shit over here avoiding a nigga
 whos trying smoke and match in st.paul about to give these a shot.dm 
 my moma said yall druggies better stop smoking   i was like i dont smoke 
 went to thrasher park to smoke a blunt and ended up selling some weed for 10 
 highkey trying to smoke mhm
 i think ill smoke and fuck up some zaxbys tonight 
 stop sucking and blowing that shit out wasting all that good weed  
 she loves cannabis and karaoke  pia colada and rum. but if you say a word about love  shes on the run
 @mikevwusa @wusa9 trump is going to send a bunch of little miniature sessions copies to come pull all our marijuana plants
 verdin tiny song bird first year visiting our yard  he is hanging onto a weed  grass and weeds 
 my sister when from flushing my weed and keeping me away from boys to smoking me out and helping me sneak my nigga in. 
 i see why some ppl smoke. my nerves be bad af. 
 canine cannabis dogs with anxiety  arthritis and more benefiting from products derived from hemp plant 
 if taelor were here shed probably be a student at stanford and smoke so much
 match sesh collectively smokeshit idk
 @mvrsog just trying to weed out the stragglers
 guess ill just smoke by myself
 its a possibility that you can save your brain cells after you smoke. just exercise or be active.
 if you got a tapes  ill trade you weed for it 
 just got described as he works  but he smokes a lot so things are going well.
 i wont match my weed w just anyone.....
 yall a stop lil nigglets for selling a lil weed but where are yall at during this human trafficking issue
 so what if the weed is absorbed into the floor  what do you expect me to pick it up w a microscope trev drunk on a wednesday
 you ever had weed brownies 
 got of work about 45 mins ago  thinking about hitting some weed amp calling it a day
 i smoke to escape dis harsh reality of dis cruel world  
 i wish the texas government had the same level of resourcefulness as a stoner coming home from college trying to find weed
 hb07289 new an act concerning operating a motor vehicle while under the influence of marijuana. 
 canine cannabis dogs with anxiety  arthritis and more benefiting from products derived from hemp plant 
 @washingtonpost ...... if you drain it .......... flora and fauna will die out ..... now weeds grew
 i desperately need an endless supply of weed
 sea weed 
 lmfaooo if i got handed a brownie and it was laced with marijuana id be happy as fuck
 when an alcoholic tells me i should stop smoking weed 
 throw me in the booth with some smoke and henny and i guarantee ill make a hit 
 coffee  weed  
 hate pulling a smoke detector  cleaning the sampling tube  research the detector and trouble 
 @bturner12387 he  couldnt beat out rg3 yes hes gone but  im not convinced rg3 wont be signed again after smoke clears
 just had my coffee and morning smoke mood 
 anyone trying have an early smoke sesh
 @steffdaz @johnasbury @newsday thank you for your coverage of this initiative  we look forward to helping the village of hempstead.
 thinking about growing weed plants 
 bro i could never pick homies over my girl   i only smoke w them anyway ill just smoke with my boo 
 studying marijuana in my addictions course and all i keep thinking is 
 who trying to smoke with me this weekend for my birthday  
 at a cafe  choice of milk with coffee. soy  almond or hemp. interesting. lets give hemp a go i guess.
 @zakeaa at all maw. and its either free or 5 and you could smoke. bih what issa package deal
 greg abbott recreational amp medicinal marijuana legalization in texas  sign the petition  via @change
 @djsmokey666 rt my tweet above catch me live this saturday in toronto v rare performance it is extremely rare 2 see dj smokey in the flesh
 7lbs of marijuana  edible marijuana products  cash seized from dam coffee company in north park during police raid 
 @djsmokey666 rt my tweet above catch me live this saturday in toronto v rare performance it is extremely rare 2 see dj smokey in the flesh
 when you are surrounded by all things cannabis  but you cant get ripped because you got shit to do cannabislife firstworldproblems
 whos trying smoke 
 currently watching space jam n smoking weed   thinking of a master plan
  every since i did acid  when i smoke weed i got visuals  what ahahaha
 our special edition bad ass smoke slayers are weedtastic customers are enjoying them so much  
 drinking a smokey treat by @calfkillerbeer at @tupelohoneycafe  
 mornings be like weed. addy  and coffee
 now up on mat 5 is joey goodhart @ingoodywetrust from hempfield of @drexelwrestling at 285 lbs. paatncaa papower
 exactly ... he made gin n juice df  he publicly smokes weed .... people are dumb 
 crusin  smokey robinson
 murray visit seems like it was to send a message to jags rbs. also maybe a smokescreen for the draft that were taking a rb. jaguarstoday
 totally gonna hire the guys working on my neighbors yard to pull the weeds in the front yard.. seeing as my sister cant find the weeds.
 im about to start calling weed dat zesty herb
 my next goal is to stop smoking weed that shit be making me a lazy motherfucker
 shit.. but i can smoke tough everyday 
 @ypojoy @seanspicer i do not smoke.it is bad for your health .it is all about the edibles..cookies  brownies  etc.
 im done smoking weed for a while deadass
 the smoke and whos still standing when it clears  and..
 fuck gainesville why is it so hard to find weed
 imma need some of yall to check the weed yall smoking because some of yall is looking like crackheads out here
 @kenzwhalen @kathahaa @ch98 desd ass smoked with liam yesterday if u wanna kno shit just ask yall look dumb as shit
 guess ill smoke by myself
 guess ill smoke a keif bowl...
 my manager just assumes i smoke weed and i may have confirmed it
 if she fine she sexy she cool she a ga peach so she likes to get loose smoke kush sip goose....
 on our stroll we came across this abandoned bridge. @ smokey mountains 
 bitches guns smoke dis way
 waz good who trying to chill and smoke 
 waz good who trying to chill and smoke 
 some guy deadass next to me on the bus talking bout smoking weed and eating pussy  help im scared 
 flawda shit me and @acehood bout to cook some shit up  fiecraka wit me young smoke up next he 
  this garden gang prepped 2 @towergarden 1st studying seed started   harvested   weeded  we will be ready 4 
 like im tryna smoke and get some olive garden
 im over here watering  brushing and saying sweet things to my beard like its a plant  like its my bitch. like its weed. mary jane. love u
 when @lgelsky and @benjymishler throw you weed gummies oh well down the hatch 
 everyday i need sum juice and sum smoke
 me trying not to buy weed 
 @raimefumeknight @ap4lp i want to live in a world where gay married couples  can protect their marijuana plants with fully automatic rifles
 smoking weed willnevergooutofstyle
 im telling ya  its from smoking all that weed   no tia  no
 shes gunna say. you wont smoke with me  no ma. thats weird. but heres some tree you can go smoke on your own.
 willnevergooutofstyle       coffee and for me a morning smoke 
 sooo got picked up at 1030am amp im just starting to film sex at 622pm  im taking a xanax amp i need some weed or two models may die 
 you can smoke dat kill  you can push dat dope
 greg abbott recreational amp medicinal marijuana legalization in texas  sign the petition  via @change
 and people get 20 for selling weed..... smfh 
 @traineyjr i can believe that. radar should be lit up light a smokey christmas tree.
 just cause weed became legal  jimmy thinks he can walk around smoking in public like its a cigarette.  im done with him
 drinking a smoke filled room by @hopbutcher @ fulton river district  
 you smoking weed  no. why not 
 im going to stop smoking weed
 if theres a cutie out there trying to smoke hmu
 currently sitting outside trying to smoke sitting in 4 feet of snow and its 34 outside .... i miss texas
 when you have a smoke sesh with your bestfriends amp your bestfriends dad.
 me trying to balance school  a job  a social life  going to the gym  eating healthy  trying to stop smoking weed  e 
 it should never be the hard to get some weed
 pizza at 1230am  sriracha amp whiskey smoked irish sea salts. lets get seasoning 
 im trying go to la and smoke some gourmet weed
 i wonder if weed might help  @ harlem west side 
 smoke weed  eat yogurt
 but its coo smoke that shit lol bitch 
 stop selling weed and level up hoe  
 can i have my weed here already  im trying to smoke
 tomorrow i need to find some lit people to have a smoke session with.
 watch these leeches in the morning trying to smoke yo weed
 when i get off work im just trying to smoke and vibe w| the rain
 @the1macmac @2splibb i still believe diet can influence your health and fight some cancers and other ailments.i smoke cdb at least once a wk
 how did smoking even become a thing   lets roll this plant up and light it on fire  then stick it in our mouths and inhale the smoke.  
 its way too early in the morning for smoke to be on your mind  
 ill help smoke you out 
 i need to smoke. cigars no weed.  who holding 
 work break consists of me trying to smoke 12473939374747839374729 cigarettes in 30 minutes 
 @abcpolitics stop taking his accusations seriously these are his smoke s reens when things go bad for him dah
 @linalovesit officially  rec weed wont be sold until 2018 but id get the med card bc the qualityprice difference is going to be huge
 girls that smoke weed be so down to earth
 50 sea 50 weed  actually 
 if a leaf fall put some weed in dat bitch  thats my mo add a b to dat shit
 great way to start off the weedend
 ya mcm sprinkled weed on his brownie and ate it cause he said its an edible now lmao
 guess ill smoke alone 
 happens when you smoke w a mosterized queen 
 linking to smoke and handle business 
 who trying smoke 
 i wont be wearing green tonight but i swear ima smoke dat shit happystpatricksday 
 @lookatlollyy smoke sum
 im trying smoke bih
 ill smoke sum when i arise
 @onsomeshit we got our weed cards at the same stop lmfao
 @enrique562z ight fasho i was gunna say smoke but see wassup later
 830 am saturday free poppy seedlings help weed 12 hr  take all the poppy seedlings you want  meet 9th amp lami ga 
 jumping through hoops over here just trying to find some weed.
 done smoking weed 
 im just trying to smoke 
 mood this officers facial expression while standing next to a cooler full of weed 
 who tryna smoke dis j wit me
 how do you protect a marijuana brands ip it takes some creative problemsolving. read on @forbes here 
 smu jus smoked 2 of my brackets 
 to smoke this joint by myself orrrrr
 you ever smoke a flat blunt
 but gotta get the garden tilled and weeded  pick up sticks and mow the front and back yard and move rocks.the rocks aint light.
 first case of the night....pug ate three weed brownies.....st pattys day green weed brownies lol. dog cant even sit 
  president trump make the dea tell the truth about marijuana  sign the petition  via @change
 dis y i smoke weed.
 im just sitting here rating chipotle thinking about how much i would rather be inhaling smoke into my lungs
 smoke less weed  get way more lit when you do.
 the difference between a flower and a weed is a judgement. happy friday yall.   grattitude 
 trying to smoke some washington dank 
 im bored af im going to start smoking weed
 jamming dat pgmsouthside at the stsmokeshopwinrock @ st smoke shop 
 im always high.  you can succeed and smoke weed 
 i hate how sum ppl only smoke to be coo be ya self dog 
 bitches smoke so many skinny jays of huff dis is ah problem 
 @xgiasanchez no drinkin just smoke for me tonight sis  
 this fool @itsisack will pop 4 tabs but wont smoke 1 boge.. talking bout that harmful to ur body  like u didnt just fry ur brain
 when we get bored at work  we make baby lattes  @ smokey row coffee  pella  ia 
 who trying to smoke
 who trying to smoke one
 blindy81 and her husband are pulling weeds and cleaning the yard. the 3 of us are encouraging 
 their smoking weed
 why i got such shallow ass breathing  only catch myself inhaling profusely when i smoke 
 im lit af and aint even smoke
 mermaids smoke seaweed
 selling weed to my boys to get a lease on a porsche
 on hbo  @vice is showing these white dudes taking rare marijuana seeds from the congo  stating they wont share profits with the villages.
 guess ill just smoke my lungs away
 guess ill smoke alone 
 im having one of those moments where im contemplating quitting weed but like.. naaaahhhhhh hahahah man i crack myself up
 i need sum to eat and sum to smoke
 if i could smoke and be normal my body count would be to the 3rd power
 smoking a square in public omg is that a cigarette or a joint  dumb bitch do you know the difference why would i smoke a j in a bar
 the sencillo black special edition squatting on our kings of smoke cigar holder customized for 
 im 50 sea  50 weed
 might start smoking weed again 
 im about to smoke tho to speed this process up on sleeping
 whoever thought of weed and alcohol a genius cuz i feel like kenyon martin in new jersey
 im trying to go smoke my joint but this puppy sleeping on me is making me just rethink whats reallly more important 
 no  he answered  because while you are pulling the weeds  you may uproot the wheat with them. 
 she wanted a metallic smokey eye with a pick lip. she wanted elegant and classy. so she got it 
 @dublinhempco well somebody has to throw this then smoke it 
 somewhere this morning a young bm wakes up in a cell for selling weed  but there are wm getting paid for weed dispensaries.
 @ericlang the worst bit about gama is the 46 325 cigarettes you second hand smoke
 mmmm i need to smoke ....
 everyone on my tl talking bout they feel like shit exactly why i hate drinking ill smoke 10 dutches and wake up the next day brand new 
 i would go to holland so i can run a weed coffee house amjoy whowontheweek
 @jmattson54 even after smoking weed  this preworkout wont let me sleep
 sumbody smoke sum
 ill stop smoking weed when i dont get high no more 
 i figured out the calendar and will be drawing it up this weekend. when you legalize cannabis  ill tell you all about it
 i think zayn smokes weed but its just a guess 
 im trying to fucking smoke and my man is in the restroom taking years. fuck it sesh without him
 coffee  weed  bad combo 
 halftime archbishop ryan 28  hempfield 19. matiss kulackovskis hits a buzzerbeating halfcourt threepointer. @kulaks4 @viktorsk
 1 pm sunday 2nd soulard garden coop weeding for poppy seedlings work day @ 9th amp lami  ask for marie  bring trowe 
 im trying to smoke
 as long as fiends smoke crack ill be posted on the block just counting my stacks
 i smoke weed but i get my shit done
 final archbishop ryan 60  hempfield 50. raiders advance to the piaa class 6a semifinals. @rallyphilly @ryanbballfan @arhs @solsports
 ill be out in my michael khors flats  jcrew outfit pulling the hell out of these weeds listening to techno like rawr orderinthehouse
 trying to figure out where you parked after we smoke @jackson300k   
 lets smoke  ill scoop
 @stevedeangelo you should get @kevinspacey to play you in a biopic about cannabis n its legal troubles. @weinsteinfilms kevinspacey film
 currently in bed smoking weed like there aint no tomorrow
 halo but instead of guns they shoot packages of smoked sausage
 mailcall box spit with mrgold88cigars thanks again playa and a few other good smokes 
 good weed sticks too your fingers.
 highkey not trying to smoke alone
 @aaacenes hey smokey
 trying the oil on my weed  
 lol at dudes who flirt with my girl and hit her up to smoke and shit. stop trying
 @sampuncher @bet365 no clue on the ground. no shit genius. but if conor tries matching hands with those smaller gloves  floyd smokes him.
 norms smokewagon pitt bbq is wonderful. if your out and about  you should stop by pick up dinner hes on briacreast @the galleria village
 guess ill go back to selling weed... lunch was tasty.
 high hemp organic wraps @weedpatchcc eastsidesfinest collective 
 makes me so happy when customers tell me my weed brownies had the fucked up  a1sauce ediblequeen
 me and all my coworkers just had a dope ass smoke sesh now we all high @ work
 said shed never smoke weed @abigailsutphen 
 mom you should start lookin for prom dresses  me im not going to that shit  mom you better go me only if i can smoke a fat blunt before
 how do i lose weed omg im a dumb bih
 free smoke goes hard. hopefully now yall will stop sleeping on hiatus kaiyote lol
 all i see on my tl is free smoke lol
 free smoke was lit then a bitch...
 stopkatherine2k17 someone stop this bitch before she smokes away what little remaining brain cells she has 
 damn the beat on free smoke is hard af
 yall get ready for errbody nd they mamas to start sayin free smoke lol
 i am never quitting weed again. i just started smoking again and life sucks way less
 drinking a gull dam hemp pilsner by @gulldambrewing @ the boulder tap house  
 @shawnyybee oh yeah fa sha thanks for dat ganja track btw hadnt hear dat one yet 
 the guy whos with me in this uberpool wont stop talking about weed n dabs 
 free smoke my mood forever
 my dad needs to stop calling me smokey  its so annoying
 @ryxnello is that a police im calling the weed
 tell me what you need i got youngins selling white   selling weed .
 our apartments have a beer garden with grills  a smoker  cooler amp tvs .. this summer about to be lit
 @6bird4 in the same way smoking taxes have lowered the  of smokers in ny and converted a  of those ppl to vaping and quitting due to price
 free smoke gon stick cause the freeee shmooke  freeeee smoke in the hook. he talking quite heavy though.
 the start of free smoke already lmk morelife was gone be bumping 
 nudes. at least weed is a hobby 
 free smoke got me lit 
 done rolled myself a blunt at work finna go outside to smoke amp it starts raining like hell 
 shittt...smoking outside nn its cold af so my breath had me thinking i pulled big af nn just kept blowing out smoke 
 make better marijuana edibles with these tips from a weed chef  via @lifehacker
 free smoke is lit on more life
 who trying to smoke
 why do yall like smoking weed
 this man standing outside of walmart selling weed.. im so confused 
 idc how much i want this weed i refuse to pass alabama st. on foot in 3rd ward this late
 free smoke got me chilly
 im just trying to smoke and chill
 yeah... im not on this new wave of house music drakes trying to hop on. 6 tracks in and free smoke is the only one banging
 yall just be holding the smoke in yall mouth yall do not inhale 
 stanton smoked that shit
 it puzzles me to see marijuana connected to narcotics its a thousand times better than whiskey  an assistant  a 
 whos trying to smoke i got money for all.
 ill smoke her shit 
 i just need a smoke and a beer  ms. preuninger
 when you get that lets smoke ill fire you up text ya whole mood change
 tell st aug stop playing with us after they got smoke 
 wynwood  medical marijuana awareness concert @ the wynwood yard 
 if you smoke cigarettes stop
 whos trying to smoke 
 @brushurteeth03 haha. try weed brownies first.
 opening with free smoke and closing with dont disturb is powerful.... well done all around drake....
 i just got off work im aboutta bump dis new drizzy and smoke a fattie 
 sleep would be nice ... not smoking weed kills me i be up all night
 ill smoke ya shit amp dip. 
 @runeatsleep oml i was like im done smoking cus i cant stop blowing smoke out  or is it just cold 
 smoking kills  going to smoke this newport down to the filter
 i been waiting to smoke all damn day and then this lady gonna fall asleep on me after i done lit al my candles 
 13 hr shifts cause for major smoke sesh after hours .
 whos up n trying smoke 
 wht  your weed say 14
 i know marissa is drunk when she leaves a fucking edible on the kitchen table that has a damn weed plant on it 
 ohh how i miss the smell of weed
 free smoke is a lit ass intro 
 i want a weed brownie or edible....
 @drake free smoke is lit
 1pm today soulard garden coop weeding for poppy amp rue seedlings work day @ 9th amp lami  ask for marie  bring trowe 
 if smokin weed makes you dumb  why not get some brain while you smoke that blunt
 i be ready to start my day hop in the shower smoke
 this much is clear. someone is going to become the starbucks of weed. the dunkin donuts of weed will do even better.
 would you rather date a vegan person that only chain smoke  or a porkseafood eating person that only drinks pick one
 ill rather smoke the pain away shell rather throw her self at niggas you see the difference in maturity
 free smoke  @drake @ cross lake  minnesota 
 @benshapiro ben  she is still in the weeds approaching the woods but not there.
 in the mood to spend some time in the sun listening to reggae  schmokin a little weed and eating good food
 a great medical cannabis activist @ the wynwood yard 
 great bunch of medical cannabis activists giving highlife magazine some  @ the wynwood yard 
 oh i see... co  ca  ak  etc troops need 2b brought in i guess  2 end their legalization of weed  i guess. u sound l 
 hilarious medical cannabis activist loving what highlife magazine stands for. @ the wynwood yard 
 ima stop smoking so right now im trying to smoke all my shit amp god dam craiggggg shits going down on a sunday morning chineseeyeson
 thinking about flushing all his weed down the toilet hahahahahahahaha just love my evil thoughts
 just trying to smoke a blunt
 im trying to have a 3 some amp smoke better weed son
 out here smoking weed on the balcony drinking water 
 sleeping is the only thing you need to do off a weed browning.
 @markjkeppler you all fail to discuss industrial hemp. it would be a boom to the valley @kmjnow
 im btfu they in the group chat talking bout weed being laced and thats why i dont go out with yall yall dumb af
 drink your coffee and smoke your weed
 lmao im just remembered the last year of extreme thing i had like a quarter of weed n i just put it in my ponytail 
 popped my xans to numb this shit time to smoke alone and clear my mind
 why go to texas tulips when you can pick fresh weeds in your front yard.
 who in austin trying to smoke
 mane smoking weed would be so clutch now
 i might just smoke a whole quarter
 ill never stop smoking weed
 when ppl start weed shaming 
 @debbiesmoker thank you hope to see you and mr. smoker in flushing in april. nyc has some excellent bbq even 1 in queens @johnbrownsmoke
 i need to stop smoking. i binge smoke when i drink 
 he is a weed smoking brain dead fool 
 if you pick me up amp smoke me out ill do anything for you
 @thefriscoyeti  weedclub select rg8 a new ringos gift bred mendo strain by uv organics
 so i guess i smoke
 @holysus but your sis and moma sus smoke mine
 trying out beachwoods new ipa. pretty weedy but not bad. @ beachwood 
 @bjpenndotcom need to respect your body  protect your mind and not smoke trash.  wtf
 @plannedpositive that tool helps me to weed out those people.
 bored guess ill just smoke a clip
 yooooo this man with ric flair had some of the most funniest moments and the purest dope they smoked before going o 
 fuck about to ask the weedman if he trying go bowling   thats my inly friend
 @jagolantern and i get it.i grew up in a home where  if you smoked or drank you were neigh unforgivable in the eyes 
 no amount of weed or alcohol can make me forget this shit and unfortunately ima keep trying
 heres me being happy in texas even tho julian lost his weed and i miss randy n devin. 
 the only time im having a bad trip on weed is when i starting thinking bout you
 come back to lovely newark and our smoke detector batteries want to be dead so now its beeping ... how great 
 @deborah91473 gal came to garden to weed in exchange for poppy seedlings today amp recognized me from porch camera when i lit dropped recently
 thcv is found in rare cannabis strains in the congo 
 whos selling weed
 power plant fitness clients will have the option to bring their own cannabis or order edibles. 
 @plannedpositive we agree. which is why i use that tool to help me weed out the fluff. 
 i dont smoke  i work. theres a difference.
 where everybody at drop location pull up smoke dat shit
 youu can smoke my gass w me  pop a flat and roll me ohh my
 @silkbrah @brianbeckner @gregvegas @blaiseinkc @vicnocal @travisrodgers @jimrome @willyinkc tough one. hope lamar odom doesnt smoke crack.
 like  im trying to wake up in my smart home  feed my dog  smoke a blunt laced with cocaine  and fly out of pdk to los angeles dawg
 how you invite someone over to match when you dont have weed bitchh plays with yo self. guess im going solo
  gunna smoke with my boys tomorrow  no homo 
 think ima start back ordering weed edibles
 the walmart in hempstead be having some fine ass workers in there sometimes 
 @jamirakc i meet people through 2 avenues. basketball and weed. so i meet a lot of women by matching and going to sessions
 @davisgalvin move 2 california smoke dat calibud lite dat caliloud
 im finna be so high lol weed lol aid
 i was so high today   like i deadass got maaaaaddd contact i wasnt even trying to smoke .
 lol i have soooo much weed    no one to smoke with  rare af
 this is how you weed out the weak ones. tinder 
 when i smoke i tell myself im done smoking then my dumbass go and smoke as soon as somebody say match like bitch why you trying me 
 nothing more aggravating than not having weed amp watching kids flex on snapchat taking baby hits wasting all the weed smoke hardly inhaling
 guess what im smoking... gooooooood weed 
 greg abbott recreational amp medicinal marijuana legalization in texas  sign the petition  via @change
 so i guess ill smoke
 i got marijuana american eagle underwear on at work so i just got done in a stahl if i get drug tested imma know why
 its lit marijuanaediblesesh  in torrance ca  kstar finessen performance @ torrance  california 
 i guess ill smoke but sub me in a few years later 
 its turnt up over here marijuanaediblesesh  my performance was lit  sunday turntup 
 my nigga said dam cuh you really in jail you cant fuc or smoke thats tough 
 amp if im going out to smoke i got my jar so wassgood
 im high af on this weed watching this shrooms episode laughing my ass off  loveseason2  ep4
 my performance was lit tonight marijuanaediblesesh  annual edible awards  sunday turntup 
 its brick as fuck outchea but i  got to smoke this jay
 mood free smoke 
 @liamhemsworth so why dont you keep to soda @010the tole you mineral deposits a buck quarter and half sleep on the idea of smoke one them
 where my coworker at we got morning blunts to smoke
 @zaibatsunews should i laugh or cry smoke jane or drink grey goose
 stop associating weed with hard drugs
 i guess smoking weed makes me dumb lol
 nlg smokey @ washington  district of columbia 
 n smoke sum
 @agarza smoke sum
 @ricktrilsch mustve been that garage fire. concerning because the smoke looked ten times worse than sunshine.
 dam she gon get indicted and smoked 
 gotta stop at the bank this morning  really wish i had direct deposit..... but noooooo i work in the weed industry
 swimming in a sea of smoke  till your lungs lose the fight.
 one day ill find a boy who loves weed and xanax as much as i do 
 baby  if you cook and roll that weed  ill be so happy with you
 walnut and smoke glass coffee table  in pasadena  california via @krrbsale 
 molesting men under the influence of marijuana on mandingomonday  manhole teambigblackdick fingeringafellow 
 trying to smoke lol
 who got some fire weed ill go pick up. i just need weed
 im trying 2 wake my fran up by playing the same song on a loop and weed
 @potus they have never presented any evidence. smoke no fire.
 @inawordortwo should we start smoking weed  
 i guess they ask you if you smoke weed at the doctors now 
 im going to stop drinking and just smoke weed
 episode 5 the empire smokes crack special nyccdebate edition  
 episode 5 the empire smokes crack special nyccdebate edition  
 i guess ill smoke myself out
 president obama make the dea tell the truth about marijuana  sign the petition  via @change
 smoking weed is cool amp all but if you wont stop for a job opportunity or military ur seriously dumb amp  have ur priorities messed up
 lw tired of smoking weed
 go back to school stop smoking weed 
 its the firstdayofspring and its time to plant seeds  mow the weeds and stretch your winter 
 ibmcloud helping the nacb pioneer a legitimate business environment for the cannabis industry at ibminterconnect 
 trying to smoke a piece now that were off work 
 lmao we be smoking sum happy weed 
 i done got merch done fed the homeless turned up with my niggas drugged myself out all in the same weed lol
 @jeffsessions why do i have to pay 800. a mo. to the evil cartel when i can just plant a seed in my back yard. this weed finances heroin.
 holy smokes yall
 i needa smoke im thinking way too much
 @2splibb @jesell @irmixon @topaziosmeraldo @scullypsych @braddjaffy @anniekarni in this case it should be considered medical marijuana
 @quuaa when a nigga start selling a lil weed and start thinking he pablo fucking escobar.no bull shit
 if this porky little 10 year old doesnt get outta my front yard preventing my smoke sesh  im gunna drop kick him
 weed is so consolidating  a simple smoke sesh can turn strangers into homies. 
 if i did smoke cigarettes  @ajstylesorg telling me to stop would be enough to stop
 before i quit smoking it would be dope af if we had a poly twitter smoke session.... just sayin lol
 his verse in i guess ill smoke 
 is it just a coincidence that the popularity of adult coloring books is tracking with the legalization of weed causation correlation
 these smoke detectors wont stop 
 people are dying . now is the time to crack down. stop pulling people over for weed. get these heroin suppliers 
 at gdc  i was given such a miniscule amount of weed that id get laughed at if the police caught me. even the pipe was miniature
 is it me or does dj yella look like a young smokey robinson  on hip hop squares
 greg abbott recreational amp medicinal marijuana legalization in texas  sign the petition  via @change
 im such a bad influence for jordan  pushing my weed on her and shit and making her smoke lmfao
 whos trying to bring food to my work ill smoke you out
 i like being mean  it weeds out the weenies
 @misseleneous @logophobe @arctic16 @achr0i @0xkruzr seconded. nice smokey flavor.
 ill smoke before i ever touch alcohol 
 when i tell you i love harlem just a few minutes ago someone was smoking weed in there  harlemigloo 
 greg abbott recreational amp medicinal marijuana legalization in texas  sign the petition  via @change@
 my mom just asking me all these questions about weed  is she trying to set me up or she is finally becoming lit af lmao
 me and @runtherock1 handing out more smoke tomorrow
 kendrick i dont smoke crack me mothafucka i seel it 
 rih wanted you to know that she was under the influence of cannabis when she tweeted this. 
 tune in to hear umanitoba nursing professor @lyndabalneaves on cannabis harm prevention cbc manitoba should be good 
 @babycatnfriends sorry i have ben remiss in sending uz my daily get well wishes and lubz uz twitters. doing better over loss of smokey. 
 @jokuge so bad.... im playing it in the background as i cook  do dishes  smoke... only way to make it through this bullshit.
 i got a weed brownie waiting for me at home
 @sesaunders101 again  you made a claim. support it. do you have scientific evidence for your claims about cannabis
 they day i find a connect for adderall xr is when im done with weed lol i am bipolar af i need it
 can i weed your garden 
 smokey you better not tell anybody man ezal hey  smokey back here taking a shit 
 50 sea 50 weed
 buddy gave me 15 just for helping him find weed  weedmakestheworldgoround
 im a ganjapreneur
 im just trying to smoke my joint....
 can we start calling blunts weed pencils
 i use to smoke dumb cloud so i wont feel depressed but im glad i found another way 
 pursuit to happy is making it thru the windy streets used his head collected tools as to say hey my weed b my hood as good as got some weed
 vintage hemp ethnic textile decorative throw pillow case.   .  get your 
 texas weed is a1 bruh 
 up having a candle lit smoke session dolo
 you rather smoke amp party w mf who doesnt have responsibilities than be at hone raisin ya child amp interacting with them smh. dumb hoes mane
 imagine thinking growing up is related to marijuana usage 
 coffee and smokes with @hisqueen1981
 as the flower burns i want to watch the smoke dance around you as we both get lit.
 woke up with some coffee and weed  what a better way to start a day
 isp arrests 2 for marijuana edibles  smoking devices  syrup  plant  pills  fentanyl patches in semi stopped on i70 
 @pobsupt liascd work hard at forgiving . pull weeds and plant seeds carefully
 pulling weeds discuss feelings to clear the air and remove the toxic residue.  only then  can you plant seeds to i 
 pull weeds expose  process and clear counterproductive emotions foster positive emotions gratitude  worthiness amp 
 good morning lovelies this power packed triple berry yogurt with flax and hemp seeds makes for 
 applying eyeliner using an iphone camera as a mirror on a moving bus  unintentional tuesday morning smokey eye 
 guess im on weed and wine tonight
 whatll it be  now mr mole  whisper sloth in curls of smoke take a backseat or play pharaoh dance with me and shake your bones
 i like smoking weed  imma keep smoking weed  who gone stop me 
 @kujawamatt i was thinking more like crack but weed will do
 standing on couches blowing smoke @mrgrant15 @ josephine lounge atlanta 
 dont smoke but this is lit  
 a marijuana addict with homosexual tendencies.       satan
 ready stop smoking weed 
 @boi1dacom  free smoke production a1 
 yall still be selling weed brownies 
 1st smoke the best smoke of the day
 so i make lunch and instead of helping clean up after eating everyone decided to go outside and smoke cigarettes lol byeee
 they play free smoke in nite town  im lit.
 my tulips   yes i need to weed. 
 guess ill smoke
 i think i ripped my shoulder  yo @joerogan bring me some of those hemp cells your always talking about.
 if i see another bitch on snapchat smoking weed and not inhaling im finna punch somebody
 i done fucked around and smoked a cook blunt im high as hell
 who tryna match get smoked out  
 smoking weed definitely took all the motivation and creativity out of me and now i am overflowing with ideas 
 im about to smoke and if this doesnt lighten up my mood then its a character thing not a mood thing
 dat smoke 
 lmfao who the fuck did stacy smoke with gah dayum  must have been smokin sum lawn clippings 
 these have included alcohol  marijuana  tobacco  lsd  xanax  as well as shrooms and lean
 @beshuster smoke and sektor are pretty overwhelming as well
 mann im trying smoke 
 cuddling my weed
 just trying to smoke tbh
 aids   daily cannabis use has no negative impact on hiv treatment 
 i didnt think i could fall more in love with my dress.... i did holy smokes
 nurses talking about cannabis  well done @rnao  nurses cannabis legalization healthcare harmreduction 
 about to smoke my brains out
 @alexisfawx you smoke  too  milf
 theyre sharing the dog bed holy smokes theyre just trying to escape my photoshoot attempts. murphys expression 
 now the only thing about having a back yard and a front porch is that i have to cut all of the damn spring weeds...... ugh
 @ikalegend @bigbrothersus its weird how different our lifestyles are omg  i grew up around that my dad does weed amp drinks a ton. wow omg
 nopenopenope @problemchildson i promise if its the last thing i do ima get @jaydogon so high he gon forget he ever spoke bad about weed 
 @ericmoreno1234 weed
 @benedictevans perhaps  but consumers have been granted more disposable income and the avg smoker tends to earn lt seem more explanatory
 she dont smoke  but shes going to blow some ...
 theres a smoke detector that wont stop going off and i cant reach it. im sure this will go swimmingly 
 person its 420 student athlete 4 20means its time to grindi eat my greensamp smokeeveryone not grindingluke 420 praise it
 @mannymcplanes true that  i had some bad weed one time shit had me buggin out
 most learning is identifying garbage  then eliminating it from your brain.  like gardening  most of the work is about removing weeds.
 @missmarleybelle you need to stop smoking so much weed.
 update somehow managed to get battery out of smoke detector. however  it wont stop beeping. how do i make it stop
 mane who got sum weed
 @alleyesonme212 ppl do it but its purely dumb for that u smoke a blunt why waste your weed
 @joebereta  grab some gloves  we are going to weed the rose garden. see you out there in five. chores
 sis what if jeffree created a weed product me id buy it just for the sake of having it. sis call it cannabitch.  @jeffreestar
 things i am thankful for 1. weed
 if only shed smoke with me instead  
 @wbap247news @petesessions @chrissalcedotx all that republican interference and smoke around russian collusion makes trump illegitimate
 nonharry potter nerd whats a herbology professor  me studies magical plants  nonhp nerd so weed
 im a new organic diet where all i do is smoke weed
 im on a new organic diet  where all i do is smoke weed
 somebody bring me a stick ill smoke with you
 need some weed brownies asap 
 @bigdawggj you tryn smoke dis jack
 why is this not viral are yall not awake are yall sleep yall hype these mediocre ass peach smokey eye muas but this 
 i guess ill just smoke by myself 
 will i succeed  paranoid from the weed
 after watchin this im now convinced that desiigner smokes sherm. 
 @stonedphillyfan and mitchum was arrested in 46 for possession of marijuana...   tcmparty
 @spiritedstoner chappelle and awesome weed  i cant stop laughing or eating 
 cruisin | smokey robinson  
 got i vited to a smoke sesh n movie lol
 420 weekend gon be lit. starting off with smokers club. then coachella 
 @kingshawnjr @kenyahandledis yall sleeping on free smoke dnd and lose you
 i dont smoke but dam 
 up smoking weed  you
 anti smoking commercials are not going to stop smokers. only you can stop yourself from supporting your habit
 50 sea  50 weed
 got to stop smoking... weed be having me too high
 5 and ill smoke you out
 acid tab  hashish bricks  codeinesip  weed in my lungs
 @bunnycrazed well yes  nobody smokes because they enjoy the flavor
 niggas dat smoke fake deep
 yall be thinking yall mature just because you smoke a lil weed 
 cannabis lifestyle brand jane west what it takes to be a woman in weed 
 it was a techno after party on the princess from like 124 for 30 shit was lit took some weed on the boat 
 @jaketapper @jeffflake hoofbeats are to  as smoke is to  or just fascination with equestrian themes
 stop by @industrypgh for a smokestack ask for @wiglewhiskey straight rye and prosper 
 how bout you stop buying shitty weed  
 @johnsemley3000 lol i was just thinking about this yesterday i could really go for a nonweed brownie rn after eating that weed brownie
 i need to smoke and start drawing again  shit clears my mind 
 @thehighcorp just wanted to shout out and find out if you support cannabis families
 smoke weed but still get your shit done.
 tired of these smoked out looking bitches man  yall bitches need another hobby smh
 you need to stop smoking weed  me oh word 
 we got rapper weed and a half gallon of a new and very rare blue bell flavor. im having a time. also get to see my friieeends 
 are niggas trying to smoke or to flirt cant have a homie offer to smoke me out wo them trying to date me
 the best ways to protect your cannabis business  
 now pouring @gulldambrewing and their hemp pislner.  stop in at the craft lab @mspairport to sample it 
 one big thing opponents of marijuana warned about is not happening  via @denverpost
 and you smoke what your brain 
 @fromdaytonxxx the weed queen
 plant based hemp food how did you have your hemp today..... 
 today will be hard. dont obsess over the difficulties. feeding negativity is like fertilizing a garden w weeds. focus on what you can do
 and cigerettes are certainly not helping my life this second hand smoke makes me completely ill. 
 im trying to smoke but i got baseball today 
 when someone quits weed wait for it things happen to their body. 
 yall tripping bout ppl smoking weed  i wish i could light a blunt right now ..
 bring on the zen  with this unique monk incense burner  this smoke mimics a cloudy waterfall mist  get yours 
 @lizleon i still have a quarter of weed so idc
 i recommend the movie mac and devin go to high school to everyone has a wonderful life message. plus its all about smoking weed
 omg im so early. im tired amp have a headache. im just trying to get everything done so i can smoke 
 baby  if you cook and roll that weed  ill be so happy with you
 where can i smoke gas n cook up at indoors in mddc
 @rodneyjcrowell rodney check out one of these martin black smokes and tell me what you think thanks  
 for so many reasons one being i use cannabis to stimulate my appetite  its amazing to see how that process works in a way i can understand
 this girl wont stop talking about throwing up. just smoke a blunt  b. 
 came home to find someone ate my edibles off of the counter... now not only am i out of weed  but i have to take care of a super stoned dog
 i want a garden of marijuana plants n mango trees. n maybe some snapdragons 4 aesthetic.
 @labellazilla weed makes you skinny. facts.
 i have came to the conclusion i wont ever stop smokin weed 
 me im done smoking friends aye you trying to smoke me 
 full ass weekend  shooting for  tommyboys concert thursday  millyunz album release friday  and for the kid smoker in st. louis on saturday.
 your drops are for weed   mine are for preworkout  athena 
 done w class and now im going to chain smoke and die
 nahhhhh weed way better  
 enjoying the warped lineup announcement with weed  coffee  and sun. 
 guys dinner with greg  davey and ryan  trying a new place. @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill 
 im always in the mood to smoke
 good ol chip amp the weed selling baby rt @theb0snian imagine dave chappelle does killing them softly in 2017
 @cassandraxox you trying smoke 
 @repadamschiff admitting to @chucktodd that there is more than circumstantial evidence reveals there is with that smoke trumprussia
 whomst trying to smoketh
 i only smoke the dankest
 one big thing marijuana opponents warned you about is definitely not happening 
 hey  smokey back here taking a shit    ezal voice  
 drink and smoke these cancer sticks
 yall not benefiting my growth   yall some weeds and im trynna be a daisy. 
 one of the homies sprayed that in the bong than smoked a bowl after and his brain turned mush for 2 seconds 
 done smoking weed shit dead
 if weed kills the brain then fuck it ill be brain dead lil bitch
  id give anything 4 one smoke out sess wit dis koolkat soulbrotha uberfan
 that solidified my drug free lifestyle. see how weed changes lives for the better 1 blunt made me give up everything
 the garden looks so sterile save for a few daffodils. its tilled  weeded  and mulched  though. ready for some flowers this weekend
 @ayeayesidnay nahhhh i gotta mild case of arthritis fam this shit weaker than chriss pack. ole dirt bag ass weed
 being limited to caffiene is probably harder than quitting smoking weed  cigarettes  and drinking alcohol combined.
 post production for the film where theres smoke directed by @evkel catch the show at 
 @blntsmk sum  n im tryna record big weed fwm
 henny and weed 
 psa do not get your pet high or give them edibles. marijuana is very very toxic.
 psa marijuana is toxic to your pets. do not get them high for fun or give them edibles.
 so my cars drivable but still spits out smoke
 ill never forget ik dis nigga amp both of his parents was lawyers amp he was sellin weed
 is there tinder for weed
 free smoke goes crazy but a rimshot was a bad move for the 2 and 4
 when you jamming to smokey robinson in the back ground empire 
 women.weed.wifi is the seattle art collective looking to switch up the cannabis industry  via @thefader
 @bdpeezy98 @reckless were now at around 10 years and evidence continues to show dramatic harm reversal in smokers 
 @realdonaldtrump i blv to educt ppl to weed out radicals ppl sld b made aware of the terrors in world most ppl r naive n vulnerable to it
 if youre still hating on weed in 2017  you trippin
 @bdpeezy98 @reckless if you are a smoker and switch  you are benefiting your health. and everyone 
 purple smokey cause everyones already done this look 
 was off the weed sum heavy today 
 let me stop cause babe me cookies and cream weed brownies for my birthday and i was gone
 i was thinking gamenight but i think im gone chill and kick it at the krib. who trying too chill and smoke one 
 k so i guess i cant let my brother smoke out of a bong bcuz he acts dumb af
 bitch on me keep on yelling out smoke sum
 hey @govrauner if you want to get the pissed off millennials off your case just legalize weed. @heathersteans
 i work hard every day.go to night classes and study hard. try to be the best i can. and instead of being proud you mad about a plant i smoke
 im tryna smoke   eat some pussy   smoke again and shoot to olive garden 
 @eddzzz26 @whosantonio edwin loves smokey bones lol
 you are secondhand smoke. you are so fragile and thin  standing trial for your sins. holding on to yourself that best that you can.
 screw smoking weed  drink xanax.
 @dajour 1 hour after eating a weed brownie  
 cases of corona and mild marijuana
 i dont get high all day when i work because im paranoid af about being high at work so when i finally smoke i get so lit. 
 cherry sprite  weed kool aid  
 i love that im smoking weed more again  why i ever stop
 im trying to smoke
 at walmart picking up snacks for the weekend and they make an announcement about medical marijuana coming soon to their pharmacy.. uh... lol
 i need to smoke  im thinking too much my brain be some where else i be so high off life
 trying to slow down on smoking weed 
 we smoke outta 50s kings for junior  ripjunior i still think about you 
 why is the weed man trying to get me
 on the block selling weed for that dickkkk
 trying to stay up while being too many marijuanas in. 
 @jamesxanton @joshthomasphoto come smoke weed with me nerd
 free smoke to start the day off.
 a big thing marijuana opponents warned you about is definitely not happening 
 learn more about airintelligence smoke detection to help protect your assets from smoke damage before its too late 
 am i the only who hates when people dont stop talking about smoking weedgetting high
 @raisinglynn the weed brownies  
 need more ppl to smoke morning blunts with
 well i guess ill just go smoke
 me at juice jam when im off the edible  weed  and liq  
 @notso15 lets smoke russia outta our realamponly whitehouse. im holding mynose fr the stench @heather61048001 @matthewamiller @chrislhayes
 i love the smell of weed. especially after u get done smoking amp the weed has set in the area for a min 
 i love the smell of weed. especially after u get done smoking amp the smoke has set in the area for a min 
 bs  45 is still trying to create smokescreen arguments to cover his latest divisive lie and nunes trying to he 
 stop wit the sucka shit its niggas who tried to smoke you running around the streets and you aint doing nothing about that so stop it.
 daughter of smoke amp bone by laini taylor is only 2.99 on kindle today  sff 
 me im from colorado   everyone coloradothey got hella weed  smoke weed  every day mary jane 420 
 fire and smoke arent just part of the process they are essential ingredients @ skwr kabobline 
 people act like when they quit smoking weed its like theyre trying to stop a crack addiction its not that fucking hard
 ian smoking  weed but ill sip tf out some oil
 @unsuckdcmetro god  could you imagine the train just stops itself and starts filling up w smoke with no staff on board to not help.
 thingspeopleshouldstopdoing viewing weed as a bad thing 
 done smoking weed 
 @shawrls nunes learned his lesson well from.@realdonaldtrump blowing smoke mislead divine and conquer 
 if yall anit done this shit then yall dont smoke  
 is ashton going to smoke a doobie again gh
 since me n @killaray23 have the same birthday we gunna buy 80 worth of weed n 80 worth of lean and finna get fucked up just us
 @jonathansoto95 thanks soto smoke 20 blunts for me pls and thank you 
 thinking bout remixing free smoke .. that shit is to flame
 marinating some beef jerky tonight and thinking im gonna smoke a chicken tomorrow @bradleysmoker
 smoking weed
 nicole is buying weed in quarters
 young niggas selling weed im selling moonrocks
 only in philly man story behind this my mans tried to stop smoking weed so he went bought himself a four loko got d 
 pass the carers act and protect medical marijuana patients  sign the petition  via @change
 whos trying to chill and smoke
 i have to start smoking 2x as much weed so my mom will stop realizing
 i just do dumb things and smoke weed im not cool
 revolutionary cannabis patch successfully treats fibromyalgia and diabetic nerve pain  
 got weed and food its lit
 im just trying to smoke
 tj  ill get a tat of a big marijuana plant  me  ill divorce u
 @hollybear34 @dollzer7 that works as a rebus puzzle but i was thinking more like all we need is weed  peace  love  music  pets and phones.
 .@kmov facebook poll on legalizing cannabis in illinois is currently running almost 16 to 1 in favor. 
 i think ive finally smoked my last brain cell away 
 mustve been some fye ass weed 
 might as well pull up @bigmarleyy and smoke one tomorrow morning
 he said he wanna see me as much as he can if that means ill stop smoking weed he is so sweet
 evry time sum1 says big weed i get strongr
 once marijuana distribution is in the hands of these greedy ass politicians and the government i want zero parts in it 
 lemmie smoke before i get to sayin too much
 someone pull up to whitestone queens and lend me a smoke pleaaaase
 @joebiden if this was true  then hemp oil would be legal ampnot schedule 1. there is so much evidence of it as beneficial in treating cancer.
 ill smoke this bleezy by myself 
 see all i care about is pussy  weed  and ben franklins 
 if there isnt weed in the brownie why am i going to eat a brownie..
 some of yall out there selling weed need to get a real job because thats not your strong suit lol
 if overthinking was a drug  id be high af without my smoke 
 high af on the couch me and daysha talking bout if we would smoke crack for 10 mil lmaooo
 garretts grinding weed in my driveway and my dad pulls down the blinds lmfao
 2017 is lit no sex no weed no alcohol 
 pretty good   solid coffee  and smoke flavors plus slub abv. beer  drinking a ridge run stout at @theredhot  
 cop these weed brownies 
 dude in his audi smoking weed in front of my house  fumes going thru the moon roof.friends come and go putting little packages in pockets.
 ight who can i buy weed from around here
 difference between a flower and a weed is judgment
 who got weed in queens urgent
 @geeshaa93 i guess so i rather smoke
 @geeshaa93 i guess so i rather smoke
 im honestly just jamming to this new kendrick while drinking this hemp syrup
 with zero deaths per year cannabis is safer than guns and the toyota prius. growhemp 
 stop mentioning cole like he want smoke with kendrick. cole wont survive that.
 finna go to walmart and buy all the on sale movies and smoke all night.
 ill make you spit on my finger  im a critical thinker  ima hell of a smoker  and a bit of a drinker
 @chieflionel that weed killing ur brain cells
 how you should approach any nigga on your tl trying to convince you big sean or drake can smoke kendrick. 
 have yall ever burped and smoke came out
 i call myself selling weed pulling whatever i think a g out the bag 10
 these dumb niggas left their weed amp their rillos. we bouta get dumb high 
 i wanted to smoke w josephine and sharee but shits risky in macy late at night 
 the weed had me so paranoid earlier. im really finna stop smoking that shit
 ur always looking for something to sniff  smoke  or swallow. you would settle for anything that would make your brain slow down or stop
 making this chick drive to chandler thinking im about to sell her weed. im not even going meet her. she got a man so im standing her up 
 who selling weed
  shes pretty but she smokes cancer sticks
 me when someone starts trying to tell me why weed shouldnt be legalized 
 been on a wild goose chase looking for my bfs car with my weed in it and then he tells me he took his bike to work.... who are u
 trying to smoke myself to sleep
 became a heavy smoker but how many blunts i done smoke the pain still here 
 anyone still awake and wanting to smoke mary jane provided of course. 
 @piecrust33 ...hand smoke.  stuff like that.  i was around it when young  too.  i dont smoke  but im thinking of those who do.
 @demonlimbs maybe if there was cyanide in the weed or liquid aids in the wine but other than that nah
 drake doesnt want smoke with kendrick. kendrick called him out years ago. he drake picks his battles wisely.
 @llcoolj hey i just wanted to know if you would support cannabis families pot4parents its about time cannabis versus pharmaceutical
 ff @ticiaverveer @bluenscottish @morgfair go often to the house of a friend for weeds soon choke up the unused path... swedish proverb
 the only thing that keeps me sane is you and inhaling that smoke
 im at bavarian smoke haus in new melle  mo 
 just smoked a blunt now jamming to this new kendrick  omw school
 whos trying to smoke with me
 florida weed is so ass they really be thinking they smoking that fire 
 @eramshaw this helps explain why cannabis reform is so tough to do in texas
 even when theres a smoking gun  democrats will refuse to see it or even stop to smell the smoke. their only reality is the liberal agenda.
 then majority of this cheap weed housing gas are smoking is trash af and i know this for myself 
 real mermaids smoke seaweed
 i done smoked up another blunt  two cat sounds fruit loops inna coupe riding round w the whole zoo 
 im just tryna smoke in my backyard and this copish car strolls along the back st and the bong is right in front of me bitch i
 no way she was smoking weed 2 loud personals back to back shed be lit  
 my teacher just told i need to stop smoking that reefer before class
 holy shit boutta smoke sum purp  ill be back guys
 i got this smoke sesh lit
 whos trying to smoke with me when i get off work or match  or whatever i just need someone to smoke with i hate smoking alone all the time
 the homies always missing my invitations to smoke  oh well
 @sciencebeta cannabis may do the same thing so ill have some with my coffee.
 im a terrible cook  according to my smoke alarm.
 been thinking bout smokey bones since 8am yesterday 
 lowkey smoke sesh  
 analysis | a pharma co spent 500k trying to keep pot illegal just got dea approval addictive synthetic marijuana   
 bout to smoke mad gas x sip alil henny...link up witcha boa itsjefemaann   htmgthabrand  
 coffee and a morning smoke will always be my preferred morning pick me up.
 old dreadlocked smoker said  listening is power  wisdom in silence.  fridayhaiku
 ill smoke you  
 @brianaamariee for the smoke up again
 im just trying to smoke this blunt but the housekeeper b playing games
 smoking weed in public and trying not to choke is like trying to sneak out when u were young but the front door creeks and the dog barks
 @grannyog20 he trying to smoke some dope its nice out
 its so hard for me not to smoke
 plowed the garden today  the signs are in a barren sign which is good for killing weeds and pruning  makes it so they wont come back...
 @usernamemiranda homer would say the reeferfish coz thats straight up a simpsons donut
 taylor stfu and stop trying to weed niggas out. 
 even though i dont smoke that bit would be lit af 
 @vp@bobbykrickmr.vp why are they trying to blow smoke up our rearends.there is no problems when they vote on their own hc.
 @braina7x ill smoke sum for you
 so. i was trying to stop at @ncbcbeer on the way home and started seeing all this smoke going 
 omg. im out pulling weeds around my back fence.i hear a whin. i turned around amp there was a brown coyote he must of been who ate my corn
 this guy snitched on this guy sayin how he smokes weed n da teachers like dats good lol
 should i tell my daughter now that she has to pick weeds and rake the lawn tomorrow for punishment or tell her in the morning
 @stahrmg ill smoke you
 finna smoke these 3 blunts with my sis 
 nest protect is where home automation meets home safety call us to install smoke and co2 detector in your home tod 
 does ur mom smoke sometimes  shes more of an edibles person on the weekends  lol
 just trying smoke my blunt at the house
 im just trying to smoke
 im just trying to smoke
 its a smoke amp chill kinda night fa sho
 who trying to smoke 
 howtoachieveinnerpeace do some yard work and pull some weeds. 
 the niece who forced me to smoke weed everyday while watching the wizard of oz tape had a killer lollipop guild impression. tcmparty
 im just trying to smoke blunts and get fadeddddd
 i guess ill smoke
 why niggas be so weird when they selling weed lol
 600 breezy drops free smoke remix  @xxl @600breezy @nufacechicago
 600 breezy drops free smoke remix  @xxl @600breezy @nufacechicago
 heres the plot twist nieces tape of the wizard of oz would stop after the if i were king song. she restarts i smoke more weed. tcmparty
 at bearhappyhour. this weeks edition of celebratory resist wear is brought to you by smokey the bear. gaybear 
 @600breezy  free smoke
 whiskey and weed tonight to celebrate my brother getting married tomorrow lastdayoffreedom
 sum1 pick me up amp lets smoke
 ryancare is up in smoke. was that part of the plan       samnation starts now  am 790 kabc       trump maga
 devin booker...holy smokes.
 why would you act so dumb for weed  its a freaking ticket  most cases they just take it.  livepd
 600 breezy drops free smoke remix  @xxl
 me and @sunnynicole66 when we feel the sea weed  
 bae talking that taaaaalk on free smoke remix  go download thaaaaat  @600breezy 
 @briighteyes ill smoke you out 
 @nathasurvivor omg yes at least its not toxic for others around the ecig smoker.
 i think im done drinking ima jus stick to my weed
 stop prank calling me. im tryna smoke and listen to my music 
 fena jus smoke amp play black ops 3
 the weed is lit and my music is blasting  fridaynight ichangedit 
 smoking weed was the only thing that made 2016 bearable
 that weed was so good  i thought my mans laced my shit at first. i was tripping hard af. 
 who pulling up to smoke
 i smoke  then get hungry. so i buy an edible and was so hungry that i ate the whole thing. im not going to remember this night.
 stop smoking weed friends start stackin
 @wiiiiamwaiiace @tonitagliarino what cake please smoke weaker weed. its making u dumb. peace
 the fact is that we need to smoke to numb the pain and forget about everything @bryanmarine
 walmart worker on smoke for kicking us out
 so i just ate my first edible and it tasted like weed and perfume. no hint of brownie.
 @joeyydrew so fucking dumb and i even smoke
 currently trying to smoke my life away ... lmao gn . fuck you all.
 niggas arguing over who selling me the weed 
 smoke weed instead
 when you send your friends to finesse the edible delivery man for more weed and they succeed. 
 started an early morning catering cook on the wsm 22 bbq weber tvwbb @ palmetto smoke bbq team 
 listening 2 music under the influence of marijuana is such a beautiful thing i need 2 make a listen while high checklist
 the city of atlanta allows limited smoking in the airport i guess if you can bring your gun here why wouldnt you be able to smoke  too.
 trump needs ryan right now ..hes helping to weed out the elites in the party .. after thats done  hes gone  
 getting clean is seriously the hard thing ive ever done i keep having dreams im smoking weed just to wake up sober af
 got european citizenship sign this to help stop monsantos cancercausing weedkiller  stopglyphosate
 @ smoke sesh  couple in front of me  girl fine no back scratches for you tonight   guy idgaf i got my hoes for that   meholds laugher
 guess ill smoke by myself again
 stop by smoke n bones today to buy some cheap merch to benefit it benevolent fund   in memory of stew robinson 
 a lit date is some weed and old anime like yuyu hakusho.
 ill never stop smoking weed.
 pitmonster in training. ms. kyla pulling wings off the smoker. smofried loveourjobs westsidepride 
 yall be snapping on these androids got me thinking yall smoking on blue weed wtf
 free smoke jomo ontheroad acnj newjersey performance atlanticcity gifilmfestival 
 so i guess ill smoke.
 you dont need no powder   you betta smoke this weed n get all this power
 @dandakich are steves comments a smoke screen  hard to imagine hes that loyal to ucla after returning 2mil of contract.
 free smoke  @600breezy 
 trying to smoke today
 just trying to smoke blunts outside
 burh all i wanna do is smoke some blunts with some homies
 im smoking all his weed after i smoke mines and then heading out 
 wanna smoke some gg pakk n b bood up
 thankful that the rocks surrounding this flower did not convince her that she was a weed  her 
 came in this game talking shit  acid tab  hashish bricks codeinesip  weed in my lungs  easy flip  i got the right plug
 im done with weed for a while
 tell twitter stop censoring marijuana  sign the petition  via @change
 @kristenthemess yeah cuffed up. they found a knife and some weed inon my bag. i might be dumb 
 if u not talking bout smoke u can go dat way 
 im just trying to smoke doja with ferny in the sun.
 more than a quarter of americans would substitute marijuana for beer  new survey shows @themotleyfool stocks bud 
 so yall selling boo bo ass weed 
 im smoking weed im counting cash
 i smoked a xanax once...
 now i listen to niggas like chief keef and genuinely like the shit...they wasnt kiddin bout smokin weed kill brain cells 
 i love the earth but damn i like to smoke trees  im sorry smokey but you wont ever catch me
 magamarch  keep up the good work in philly. the people that are throw smoke bombs and flairs are scumbags
 a little rain  but it wont stop the smoke from rollin. if its chunky  its good @ 
 i gotta weed brownie amp some black henny this day party better be lit.
 part maine coone...  looking to be adopted with her friend smokey.... 
 @ariitf ill smoke with her 
 quits smoking weed begins to drink excessively
 i chose a brand of weed called captain cook strictly because that was jesse pinkmans alias on breaking bad
 600 breezy really went off on free smoke
 yo  gotta stop saying shit like this out loud.  christ  inbev will drop half a billion dollars in an anti weed camp 
 my dad just told me about how he grew weed in his bedroom when he was my age. dadtips
 at 113 georgias koby milner defeated bvas jacob dunlop  20 at 120 hempfields vincent distefanis defeated bryce davis  42
 ill smoke about
 see that mound i just weeded the yard. first of spring  putting it on the market  i have to dewild my yard. 
 when i smoke weed and drink coffee  im littttt 
 whos trying to smoke
 @xmiramira  meet cokecandia weed  
 smoke a lil weed but her shit togetha
 @thisismagic stop calling her before i answer and smoke you
 then she had the nerve to say smoking weed is bad for you and you still do it.... someone get her okok
 i downloaded tinder to find weed and i regret it
 lol we growing a weed plant. father son experiment.
 im the weed smoking wife that goes out wine drunk that yells at everyone in xanax 
 @liebemau5 im sitting on my bfs balcony  having a smoke with a glass of wine. i am so  so happy with this move.
 dis weed to loud
 im on a seaweed diet.. i see weed and then i smoke it 
 im so high i was already drink weed kool aid and smoking a blunt she pull up and we get more weed and edibles
 coordinate the xan with the weed in my rockstar skinnies.
 so glad marijuana is legal in nevada.  october 1st i will start making cannabis infused coconut oil.
 nana whats that weed plant doing there grandpa idk it just grew there
 peppers planted. half yard mowed and weed eated.  will plant tomatoes and finish seeded the front yard tomorrow.
 the struggle of trying to smoke wo ruining your eye makeup
 @froganmeeman i rarely smoke weed tbh i just wanted to try that brownie that messed me up
 that weed wacker  go hard af 
 not even weed is helping
 can someone drop off some tea  weed and or whiskey
 guess imma get some food  smoke this 8 to the face
 ima just stick to smoking weed
 i hear there are smoke detector molesters on the loose @blakefisherr
 who tryna smoke sum blunts
 bet i got sum weed
 dragonflame smoke sesh.... 
 jesse needa bring her ass onim ready to smoke .
 @idmenzone @kornhihi sexy  auck boys and boyz bb me  smoke
 @pathartman  i should watch closer. but its been around 4ever  its part of the culture. no one in colorado is paranoid about marijuana.
 it had 2 be weed... it couldnt have been performance enhancing if so where he get them shits from they not workin 
 ill be watching weeds and eating grapes if anyone needs me 
 getting some smoke  along with the hops.  drinking a tall poppy by @8wiredbrewing @ the turtle pond    photo
 @shyluxx cause this dumbass weed thats in it is dumb loud that shit dumb stank
 my og from the hood told me the same. amp also to never choose smoking weed over selling weed 
 took me like 5 minutes to walk through mayloos balcony what the fuck are yall doing outside yall dont smoke cigarrettes.
 @creamisery is that a weed
 the bunny is trying to steal my weed
 @roy24k this was an altitude joke not a weed joke.  sorry.. so sorry.. im trying to delet e it
 wishing i could smoke haha but cloud 9 is lit af hah
 never thought trying to find cannabis at 2am today would be this hard
 im just trying to smoke and chill 
 influence me to hit the weed type shit
 whois selling weed rn
 coffee amp weed is perfect
 im done smoking weed 
 @mirendam and i are currently battling our smoke alarm bc its dying and we dont know how to make it stop
 your mind is a garden. your thoughts are the seeds. you can grow flowers or you can grow weeds.
 the weed be putting me in a mood
 @cspanwj why is it good to spend 20 000 on a pot smoker who got caught  and start them on the lifestyle in the gutter send to them school
 @juanmansantos i will get attacked once more. most of these people would rather work in colombia than afghanistan weed eating poppy plants.
 stop watering the weeds in your life and start watering the flowers 
 ihavebeenthinkingand now my head hurts  i need more weed to stop thinking.
 currently have our house on repeat as my daughter picks weeds for part of her punishment.
 ate good smoke good and got fucked up wit my folks shit enjoyed my weekend
 ill never smoke weed with willie again
 imagine not having weed on a morning like this grateful
 if you use a curved shaft weed eater over a straight shaft  stay away from me cause i hate you.
 i should give away 4 vip couch seats  a nexus weed giftbag to 4 ppl who will reenact the talent show jingle bell rock scene durin the film
 @madonna  hey madonna... why not sing smokey robinsons rendition of tears of a clown..comon it will be so motownishlove you still
 i be trying so hard not to smoke cigarettes..
 600 breezy ate free smoke
 lemmie smoke this blizzy and feel better
 trying to decide if i should do work at nourish amp be respectable amp productive or if i should chop weed on my longboard in my room
 i got weed browniesssssss
 help us finish the weekend off right with 5 tallboys and smoked beef short ribs sandwiches tallboys bbq 
 bodies trying get found when im rolling weed
 @kalanattila @elijahwitt @yungivory @jimmytmboswell yall dont even smoke  stop
 saying au revoir to very drunk taylor that bitch is entirely too reckless and shes kind of a slut and apparently smokes cigarettes so 
 more than a quarter of americans would substitute marijuana for beer  new survey shows  via @madisondotcom
 yup smoke sesh 
 @femalestoners smoke more weed
 @joslyndc so...you got weed...swishers....and food 
 and unc better pick their defensive matchup wisely when it comes to fox and monk both liable to smoke the whole squad
 afternoon coffee and a smoke. frenchpress sprphotog coffee drink food chicagocoffeemug 
 why is the wp trying to show us the new obummer could it be they are trying to minimize him to blow smoke anot 
 california artisan cheese festival was lit. now were off to hempcon where everyones lit.
 i like free smoke cause drake came crazyamp the flow was nutty 
 if my man selling shoe cleaner amp weed then im selling shoe cleaner amp weed
 fuc i hate beggers too that shit irritates me what do u do with your money oh buy weed
 stop eating edibles if youve never even smoked before
 young smoke  
 all that nigga do is smoke coffee 
 highkey smoked it
 me amp my boyfriend made a deal   he stop cigarettes  i stop smoking weed  that shit aint go work
 join us friday march 31st  2017 as we collectively come together to spread cannabis awareness within our communities 
 yall im out of weed
 last night me @ackiejustin @torirose were blazin amp we were searching 4 this bitchs weed amp she had been sittin on it  it was flat af
 i should stop smoking weed............
 watching documentaries and smoking weed with the homies.
 bro pulled up on me with some tough smoke 
 prolly gunna smoke a blunt and watch the new power rangers on the fire stick 
 why is it so hard to get weed 
 best part of my weekend.    mtg people that found pulling weeds from their garden plots to be therapeutic.
 my succulent plants are making me tear up wtf kinda weed am i smoking
 @xicanahunni omg  alright ill give u that one  i guess i can come over and we can smoke so itll be the same thing
 who got sum smoke imahotboy
 friends visiting from hawaii means smoked ahi sandwiches on taro bread. 
 today i have made the decision to actually stop smoking marijuana.
 @600breezy free smoke 
 give me weed instead of roses  bring me whiskey instead of wine
 today was a simple and well deserved day of housework and weed pulling. ive been going at it 
 the difference between a flower and a weed is a judgement
 guess ill just sit here and wait for the weed to get here maybe thatll make me feel better
 when smoke machine meets the lights. setlife boomop soundgrip productionsound @ american 
 i only smoke sea weed  
 liquid assets  a cpr certificate  sum weed  i fight good an cook good. was poppin 
 i was just trying to get some weed girl.
 and dis ain no bs weed 
 @bettyycrockerr  we need to kick it and smoke because i honestly feel like you coo af
 @youngleatherpup @skintightrubber @blackstylelatex thanks. btw this suit fits so perfectly. love the smokey black rubber.
 baddaywarningsigns rod serling asks you for a smoke
 juggalos smoke some sherm and then vomit faygo all over the forest
 done smoking weed for a while. putting my lungs on pause.
 wishing i had sum1 to smoke this bleeze with 
 i need a new plug for some weed. yall message me if you got sum i can buy
 gilbert was talking about the little bit of weed on the ground in the cracks and goes ehh  some for the homies what homies trolls
 i got an eighth of weed on me and my mom is sleeping next to me on the couch
 crack edibles this aint no marijuana edible 
 @kerothewolf tbh weed was too forgiving. houden had like  no intention to stop what he was doing. it was either kill him or let ohu die.
 @xavierdaniels12 too bad ion smoke no mo
 nigga  i got to stop consuming weed
 @wmata @unsuckdcmetro eyestingingly strong smoke smell in the friendship heights metro.
 according to cbc radio today marijuana will be legalized in canada by july 1st 2018 up to 4 plants per household.
 blowing smoke   on a boat
 good morning stoners  marijuana will be legal in canada as of july 1st 2018
 who weed can i smoke i need to dumb down my raps 
 hopefully when i start my car there wont be any smoke coming out the exhaust pipe
 coffee amp weed
 stop watering the weeds in your life and start watering the flowers.
 queen of smoking weed rihanna is dead 
 ...see you already fn up a nigga like smoke before he eat 
  ive been saying this for 30 years hemp will create jobs stop importing it thenewcrop @thedemocrats
  ive been saying this for 30 years hemp will create jobs stop importing it thenewcrop @thedemocrats
 morning smoke sesh with the girls 
 yoooooo im trying to smoke 
 all she wanted to do was smoke a cig n go to church with her outfits n be her 
 maybe ill smoke some weed today 
 when i start hitting them up for other things other than food  dick  or smoke. 
 stop watering the weeds in your life amp water the flowers 
 prolly weed brownies that had you  
 im bout to smoke some marijuana and watch power rangers over the old shit
 if we dont have to be students lets go.ill pick you up we can smoke before 
 @rscountry holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now 
 @tasteofcountry holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @nashcntrydaily holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @countrymusic holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @thebootdotcom holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @countryclub holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @whiskeyriff holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @uproxx holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @kicksomenash holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 these females in here really think they know sumn about shrooms  acid and weed 
 @bigstarcountry holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 glad to see industrial hemp coverage this morning. an exciting new market for mnag. mnleg 
 not trying to blow smoke up their ass  but @voiceswrestling gets a lot of unnecessary flack for being too negative all the time.
 one of my favorite things to do is walk around my yard and make little arrangements from wild flowers and weeds 
 abuse entails that its interrupting with your life and daily activities  mood etc.. since when did weed stop you from going to your job
 @imafather1st @hibachiray @iaintsavinem @realrobleaux lol yall gone stop to smoke yall blacks we gone be drinki 
 whatever. smoke sesh
 @apdvx weed brownie lol ill tell you later though 
 i think im gunna stop smoking weed.
 @mikesirois whiskey weed and shrooms openingday
 @officialrfdtv holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @cmrocks holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 no arguement i got the best free smoke hands down ..... stop remixing it .
 @liluzivert trying to smoke with you in radford
 @dionysys @yungmedusa yall both goofy as fuck bih how tf u cant tell the difference yall sum baby smokers lmao
 ill never smoke a cancer stick  
 this afternoon im going to make a huge raised garden  drink beer while i watch kids pull weeds amp rake
 inhaling flat iron smoke is the worst
 it aint cool  i aint trying to be cool fam  im trying to smoke some exotic strands of herb.
 rollup the smoke sesh.. 
 mewanna come smoke w me sis ill pass mebut its medicinal 
 @cmt holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @larrysdiner holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @prairiehome holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @gactv holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 hows trying to smoke
 @jreskayy @matchfive @boatoffthexanzz smoke up sk
 my 1st live smoke sesh on ig rn..
 @elijahdaniel @csydelko if i were yall id move to a sercurity gated building that allows bulks of marijuana storage
 gadsden walmart smells like alcohol and marijuana
 @audiencemusic holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @countrynowtv holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @rdcountry holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 when you trying to smoke a blunt in peace amp theres always somebody trying to fucking ruin it  @krispimhip 
 im bored at work. i want to smoke but im also trying to detox. help.
 seat way back listenin to anita baker ridin by myself  smokin weed by the acre
 smoking weed n standing up too fast is stronger than acid tbh
 my 3 legal cannabis plants autoflower washingtondc is a free country for homegrow hey @jeffsessions  eat my sho 
 @romanempire76 yeah nowroman can weed and rake the undertakers yard. willforeverbehisyard thankyoutaker wrestlemania33
 no one ever replies when i wanna chill so i guess ill smoke by myself  per ushe 
 no one can hang out so i guess ill just smoke by myself  per ushe 
 @twosmokes @ericbolling two bad influence weed smoking druggies talking about famous president  jealous fk
 ill buy us food and smoke us out
 @jamesgowen @forestservice @arborday @verizongreen smokey better hide w his kids us congress just passed a bill  
 sorry  i had to pick up weed from the atm
 the smoke sesh face  @toriraae 
 @venividivicd smoke down with john this weekend
 adidas  united arrows mikitype cs1 titolo nmd xr1 eqt support 9317 nmd r2 olive  ds. smoke amp pet free. dm with off 
 estela says  that shirt said mary juwana trying to pronounce marijuana
 dog food companies are really looking into making marijuana edibles for dogs. lol
 peter  piper  picked a pepper so i could pick your brain and put your heart together  how much weed do you need to rhyme like that
 sos any out of ca homies can you send me a carton of smokes. this is insane.
 @jetpackjustin ill smoke another one when your off babe
 a good tool to weed out sociopaths 
 who trying to smoke 
 thinking of a master plan while i smoke this blunt
 holy smokes gomez openingday rangersopeningnight rocketshot
 well i finally did it  i cant afford to smoke. i guess ill have to just smoke joints when my weed matures
 my coach  dont smoke tonight youve got district in the morning 
 @mrkiess talking about sin as in romans 5...smell the smoke  that is my brain smoking.
 stop wasting yo weed 
 please tell me how sum1 just came up 2me at the train and asked me 4 cigs so i rolled him 1and he just ...gave me weed. in a piece of paper
 of course vinces dogs would eat my weed brownies
 @toopoor do you want to smoke crack with me amp go to a petting zoo that specializes in domesticated llamas we can smoke crack da whole time
 @219leyley you smoke more then me lol stop trynna flex
 @brenhaas a9 got a weed popper tool for lawn. genius tool  gardenchat
 @yungkekeb the smoke from yo balcony 
 @billmaher actually  im caucasian  gainfully employed and i pull the weeds  trim the hedges and mow the grass in my yard. am i a racist
 pictures of the flowers currently in my yard. the rest of the yard is one big weed. so i am 
 somebody bring me some cigars lol ill smoke yo brains out 
 bitches tying hemp rope around they neck calling it a choker.
 @zinakaren we def needs to smoke sum
 yall pick seeds out yall weed
 lets deposit weed astroid 2017 @astroidvideos
 whos trying to smoke this blunt
 @whatitrill i would have to smoke approx 8 blunts for me to even fathom the thought.
 you holding on the it we smoke itva
 smoking weed not for me no more 
 brownie weed cake 
 @jessebain ill smoke to that
 shit son who trying to smoke this wax blunt
 @machinegunlacey i desperately need to chain smoke outside your apartment with you and talk 
 mood a dying smoke detector
 guess ill go smoke 
 maybe all a smoke screen @physicalprep @adammeakins  ... clear things up with the evidence and here it is 
 goals this summer... make money  hit the beach  go to functions  smoke some magic flower and create unforgettable memories 
 went to sleep and woke up early af  ireally cant hang when it comes to weed 
 mybesteverdecision  gt   to stop drinking alcohol  smoking cigarettes .smoking marijuana in 2001.
 in 1 of those moods i just need to smoke 
 mybesteverdecision  gt   to stop drinking alcohol  smoking cigarettes .smoking marijuana in 2001....
 mybesteverdecision  gt   to stop drinking alcohol  smoking cigarettes .smoking marijuana in 2001......
 @sangerkatz @chrislhayes i hope they do. its a business. obamacare had higher rates for smokers  tell me what the difference is
 walnut hempseed soap  gental exfoliation for your skin. chic store. made in 
 coffee and weed is a happy combination
 @madisonsiriusxm  it may not be any fire under all the smoke  but the wh needs to stop removing the batteries from smoke detectors
 i @d yall for a reason so dont hop in my dms coppin pleas @inresponseof @osaaa . dont go looking for smoke you wont be able to handle
 @drudgereport oh  i guess this is meant as a smoke screen  sad.
 @ryanseacrest holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @onairwithryan holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @mrbobbybones holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @cmtcody holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @tykellyandchuck holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @kickinitwithkix holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 pull up smoke sum cook sum po sum
 i  smoking weed i  smoking weed i  smoking weed  i  smoking weed  i  smoking weed     smokeweedeveryday
 closed report at intersection of hansford st amp warren st  roxbury  case resolved. weeds wer 
 pulling weeds with nothing the sounds of the earth bliss
 @emosewaskippy i miss you im about to come kidnap you for a well needed smoke sesh
 pulling weeds with nothing but the sounds of the earth bliss
 @christhile holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @harryconnickjr holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @livekelly holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 sticks and stones and weed and bones
  got the weeds all out... @ the davis abode 
 just trying to chill and smoke
 @thesocialctv i got to the party late where can you get that smokey eye eyeliner needthis
 guns down  weed up  mary jane said she needs love
 trying to smoke myself to death.
 @adriaraexx  years ago it was hard drugs but with weed now being legal that may stop weeds safer
 whos trying to smoke or match 
 @theellenshow holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @catgreenleaf holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @talkstoop holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @homeandfamilytv holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 who trying to smoke
  petition to change friends to a lb of marijuana a week airlifted legally to my balcony fuckers 
 @davidscottjaffe yo your new game @drawntodeathps4 is so awesome how much weed yall smoke to make this drawntodeath greatgame
 so does the wv medical marijuana bill actually allow edibles or just the ingredients for edibles
 sit back  read  smoke  and brain storm
 match  smoke  
 i am tired of learning about the rules of motivation  i just wanna smoke sum kushhhhhh
 if they want smoke then we got smoke like dea he go linkinbio llzoe smokeseason @ 
 @jjjalen @logannoo i smoke monthly lol
 the fact that theyre charging a guy with arson when all he did was smoke crack is nonsensical.
 do anyone else start thinking hard about your life after you smoke weed
 el hooka be the lifestyle  im rollling up weed shit yeah ill stay awhile
 theres so many ppl here smoking that weed stuff rob grant
 @chuckwoolery hey chuck i dont see any smokescreen all i see is a clear view of what are you going to do about it nana nana boo boo
 when someone smokes so much weed they start to look hella slow amp dumb in the face  
 create a strong  yet weightless aesthetic with corian smoke drift prima. explore this look at 
 sos  my friend brought weed brownies to my house and my mom ate 3 .
 finished cleaning up weeds and pruning  in my tempranillo and mourvdre vineyard. still more 
 @24savagehendrix ill stick to weed and selfreflection. xanax made me forget who i am.
 mary jane marijuana zombie bitch give me brain
 finna smoke sum  eat sum  then drink sum...
 my cat is trying to steal my weed
 @kellyscaletta @realdonaldtrump wow what a circumstantial evidence case looks like the smoke is really an inferno hotter than crematory
 watch me kick back on a chilly night in front of a fireplace with a few smokes  which i chain smoke with a little 
 stick to weed mama 
 i smoke in front of my mom all the timeampits rare shell hit it..but the moment i whip out an edible she shoots me a brow and asks for some
 i smoke in front of my mom all the timeampits rare shell hit it..but the moment i whip out an edible she shoots me a brow and asks for some
 @paule1138 or the consuming of bird ovum  or drawing smoke into your lungs  or fermentation  or...the list goes on
 smoking sum real weed 
 damn good thing ion smoke just in case one of my dawgs been eating ass 
 @adamschiffca susanriceunmasked so hows that russia smoke screen working out what no evidence. i know. jus crickets. trumpsalwaysright
 i be wanting to smoke weed but calling @thejlopez726 is all the same lmao   noidontsmokeweed imsober hesmyhigh imgucci
 picked up this baddie from smoke depot today @ smoke depot 
 you should just start peeing outside with the dog so he feels more comfortable nicole driscoll you are a smoked out weirdo hun
 who trying to smoke and do hood rat shit tonight  hmu
 talk to this guy at the gas pumps high off fake weed or whatever them idiots that do it call it lets just say brain cells are done for
 100 sea weed 0
 u still not inhaling. ur weed smoking card is revoked. 
 home with nkthjnv to do. guess ill smoke by myself 
 friend lets match  me ight   pulls up wit weed instead of oregano 
 wyd lets match  why would i match a bowl when i can smoke by myself in my room
 ill never smoke weed with willie again
 thinking to myself like bitches is ridiculous  if hating was a drug then theyll smoke a whole brick of it.
 just hanging out with smokey robinson cte proud2bsusd cchs befutureready 
 most of the speakers currently addressing council is supportive of marijuana businesses and cultivation.
 me when the homies ask to smoke 
 i just realized that i always have a hard time sleeping when i dont smoke smh
 finna smoke this ghost out if you catch my drift
 who tf got weed ill pick it up
 when the henny kick in at the party  but then the weed and xans kick in harder 
 replace the weed w a naked lady feeding us fruit and we a1 
 @sehurlburt true story if you accidentally plug vcc into ground the magic purple smoke comes out.  not that ive ever done that
 make industrial hemp the future of nc health textiles food homebuilding agchat @hemphousedoc 
 what am i using to calm me down right now usually id smoke my brains out. but instead ill build my brain. @garyvee youtube here i come
 smokeadanktion a 420 ep ...a smokey danky function...   mharinyce smokegod 
 mybesteverdecision  gt   to stop drinking alcohol  smoking cigarettes .smoking marijuana in 2001....
 @tonynappo2 will you be out in front of the panasonic for a preshow smoke  i hope to meet you on my way in.
 when will they start calling marijuana dispenseries grass stations
 i decided to smoke to marvin this morning. i feel like shaft  goldie and 007 at the same time
 mood smoke weed 
 it might be time for me to stop smoking weed
 its gonna be lit 42417 @uscapitol congress and cannabis  its time for major change 
 mood shifty glad weed men be up early out this bitch
 my mamma said never walk by your yard  see a weed and choose not to pull it. cant the same be said of the garden of my soul mammaanna
 not in the mood to go into a new community and go through the tedious process of weeding out bad nerds
 flavor begins here our smokers run on oak. it imparts a smoky flavor without overpowering the flavor of the meat. 
 i never smoke on the porch but of course when i am the mailman has to pull up and deliver a package. 
 re upping on weed and lighters in case the power goes out.
 dont waste your weed on flat earth theories
 im ready for a cannabisinduced workout. its going to get lit at that gym ... goals mindbodysoul body
 i knew i was going to get that text message this morning about me smoking weed...sorry dad it happens.
 dats all i smoke 
 further marijuana legalization will continue to erode the power of the mexican  columbian and venezuelan narco terrorists.
  smoke aint hard to find... according to my homegirls. 
 @carsondaly holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @klgandhoda holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @tamronhall holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @cbsthismorning holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now 
 @todayshow holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @gma holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @wsjspeakeasy holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @huffpostent holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 nobody is caping them stealing im just saying he shouldnt have been going that hard over a dime bag of weed
 @usatodaylife holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @thesfglobe holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @nprmusic holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @people holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @ew holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @etnow holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 i dont smoke that flavor  they harsh... 
 in the mood to smoke 
 just heard a commercial on the spanish radio that marijuana gives you brain damage  lol
 ben pollara  @floridaforcare  if you ask the average voter what medicalmarijuana was  its the raw plant material you smoke. gcl swfl
 make sure you stop by conceptykd at yorkdale for a handcarved smoked meat sandwich by zane 
 id rather smoke cigarettes than use gum and patches that stop you from smoking bc idk what is in those things  it could like kill you
 @misslollipopmfc i dont smoke... so im going to have another coffee now.. d
 i think its a smoke move trying to get butler to sign the tender... but if they get sherman and gilmore.. 
 being escorted up to molinofire by @forestservice. fire halted at 50 acres. fyi smokey bear says danger is moder 
 smoking weed while sick from the season change will cause you to be even more delirious lmk
 long ago i wanted to make my own weed village where others less a. real euro cafe old style n good food thru weed n lots more thru friends
 veterans in ohio hung themselves because they ate lead paint and smoke cigarettes when they were young 
 yall may shit on vaping but if i had a choice of dealing w orange sherbert smell or tobacco smoke smell ill take mr. vapelord pls
 @fobwashed @alexnavarro it is the same han  he smokes in better luck and thats why he is always eating in the ff movies.
 so i guess... i guess ill smoke
 prof marijuana legalization  student in the back wooooooooo
 food amp weed can completely change my mood 
 thinking about bette davis a lot since @feudfx  debuted  imagine how many icons we would still hav if they didnt smoke stopsmoking
 @kimakayy you know good and damn well im talking bout marijuana
 @jimmyfallon holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @fallontonight holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @jimmykimmel holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @jimmykimmellive holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @stephenathome holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @colbertlateshow holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @latelateshow holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 @jkcorden holy smokes yall have got to see what @homefreeguys have done now  
 i was gonna try acid  but my weed man said that the colors on his carpet started coming up and ppl faces looked like demons. so nah
 holy smokes i will now be calling it skinny on a spoon after seeing everyones results 
 i do other things besides work and drink at 8 in the morning. just not weedwack. peepkev 
 bonfire smoke is such a strong scent i love that power i wish i had that constantly. engulf me in flame
 selling fake xanax via smoke signal
  smoke dat shit daedaevoice
 when i used to smoke weed everyday amp high on pills id be in si hay a good mood. its refreshing to still be able to be in a good mood wo it
 who trying to smoke 
 im trying to find the weed wacker... our weeds are wack yo
 xanax and weed love me  
 you can be successful af and still smoke weed idc what anyone says
 im frustrated and i dont smoke anymore so i guess ill go to the gym
 i told this female she should stop drinking pop and she turned around and told me you should stop smoking weed    bihhhh you blocked
 @bostonglobe stop it people... kardashian smoke.. stop it
 @gummiegirls wait these are weed gummies
 whos in atlanta or marietta  lets link and smoke sum 
 im at pappys smokehouse  @pappysmokehouse in saint louis  mo 
 when the weed brownies on point 
 worst morning ever ihad wih u keep smokeing cigaretts doing u i wont interfere i promise you i 
 will be going live for a lil smoke sesh here in a min for cannainformative cannabis vibeon
 how to make the most of the weeds in your yard. 
 wooow i get asked to smoke from a guy in my building but im not trying to get my shit laced andor drugged up. i n 
 ever smoked a blunt..and just be goofy af after 
 legalize recreational marijuana in texas please  a nigga been going thru tough times
 brisket is like weed  either dank af or gross af depends whos it is 
 still holding on to the failed belief that @yeson64 will  big marijuana  
 designatedsurvivor it was good the see harold amp kumar back together. i guess the grew up and stop smoking weed.
 i cant stop thinking about drake overdosing on weed
 me and tina drinking lean and about to smoke im done with her
 where the pretty girls at w| pretty vibes to smoke w| 
 smoking on dis durban poison
 calling it a night early  dont hit me for no weed.
 guess ill smoke alone.
 4.1  515 monthly bottleshare  dark fruits  sticky and light smoke.... popinski  photo
 the oreilly factor going up in smoke as 40 advertisers have now abandoned the show via @politicususa 
 who trying get scoop and smoke
 trippin off weed  
 @anniciachasemd theres a difference when someone says match wanna smoke
 @tuckercarlson @matthewamiller @foxnews ...trying desperately to gin up the where theres smoke theres fire ment 
 wine wednesdays are out. whiskey and weed wednesdays are in.
 30min smoke sesh with yall  enjoying the goods from @frequentv  with @lindseydean143 vibe with us vibeon   
 @cruzzzyc @chriss96 triggered cuck  smoke sesh at chriss and debate about americas past
 @cruzzzyc @chriss96 triggered cuck  smoke sesh at chriss and debate about americas favorite pastime
 production standby  wait around the next 24 hrs for textemail fwith new call time.  all whilst watching tv and smoking weed.  setlife
 i smoke rapper weed this dat moonrock 
 im trying to smoke im just not trying to drive 
 idk if its the weed or the henny
 have you been smoking weed  me 
 holy smokes the machine was not behaving tonight at least i have some done success completion 
 306 am and my smoke detector wont stop intermittently chirping
 rick james  mary jane  favorite song to smoke to
 i need to stop smoking so much weed. my wallet cant take dis 
 the oreilly factor going up in smoke as 40 advertisers have now abandoned the show via @politicususa 
 pulling poisonous weeds. 
 igc has been selling all their assets to put focus on the new cannabisbased therapies. i wonder if thats good or bad.
 says the young sperm cell that cant stay off the weed  
 introducing the natural soy wax cannabis scented candle no. 1 from marleynatural this all 
 loud kk californication amsterdam bricks bricks bricks ive had ak before marijuana kid cudi british columbia add 50 cent 4 like three keys.
 just finished mowing my yard of weeds. 
 the only thing im thinking bout is how to sneak in smokey sibling wen i adopt...cuz tucking him in my shirt like i did with smokey wont work
 got smoke on both sides of the highway....different colors too.fieldtripday 
 recent releases etcrecords  @fessgrandiose digi limited smoke black cassettes  @rondelladams freezrock digital 
 morning smoke now some wingstop lit 
 i got a hour before class so i guess ill smoke by myself 
 @jimrome war smoking weed through gas masks on snapchat
 my cars still sending smoke out the exhaust pipes nice
 finna put on my creep sneaks and just sit on the couch smoking weed.
 can someone just kidnap me from work ill smoke with youuu 
 my bio teacher just convinced me that apples and weed plants manipulate humans into being planted and grown
 toss my gs up so you know i got my keys. gruff. this sheesh aint tough i smoke hookas with a lippers in now thats soccer. kicking
 update im done giving blood and pulling weeds can i go home now
 i wanna stop smoking weed but see the way my attitude is set up...
 todays smoke sesh was really good
 not tennessee whiskey  not texas weed
 @iiiyoungin @carlosnotweird no he said it trying to roast and yall got in yall feelings. nappy is a regular ass word relax. smoke sum
 got like 6 homies that hit me up about having smokecounseling sessions. i need to start charging
 so what i smoke weed  i get my shit done.
 @marietyler49 i got cannabis lollipops here 
 new cannabis patch treats fibromyalgia amp038 diabetic nerve pain  via @collectiveevol
 i smoked away my brain  i think im going dumb cocaine up on my gums  i think theyre going numb
 i smoked away my brain  i think im going dumb . . cocaine up on my gums  i think theyre going numb . .
 im just trying to smoke a blunt
 mood  smoke a black
 just got done eating good now im bout to smoke 1
 growing weed lowkey hard af
 @woowopdabam has created some awesome smoke out 18 packages. available for a limited time. go to 
 on the way to gis school play and my grammy says oh shit i forgot the weed in my bedroom 
 replaced weed wit exercise..
 smooth and smokey  drinking a sue by @yazoobrew @ gerst bavarian haus    photo
 crazy how weed can change your mood
 gthot tinder date wants to smoke and hang out gti am trying not to smoke and have mucho homeworko  whadoido
 id done smoke 3 muc crack to spill wordies 
 @forbes .... marijuana will create amazing shit you wouldnt be able to vision ...                        ......... 
 wassgood smoke that shit
 i still cant stop thinking of don rickles singing yankee doodle dandy  thats why i smoke so much weed
 smoking weed and working on a natal chart until i have to go to tms
 mfs charging for a beach house mf i should be charging ppl to hit my weed.
 cruisin by smokey robinson 
 @sadeabc imagine me going to them talking about im a prophet drinking liquor and smoking marijuana
 im at smokes poutinerie in st. catharines  on 
 i refuse to buy weed now  fuck thaaaaat.
 @karlenechavis other than the smoke  gorgeous as you are... guess ill hold my breath in more ways than one
 @goldie5535 @aniquery1 @puddsta77 @jzblue @sweetlysmiles smokey friday
 ff thanks to friends who promote cannabis education @mmjbillboard @abiroach @collinswilbert @greenthumbone 
 thank you marleynatural for finally making a gentlemans set stay classy  miami @ lb smokeshop 
 industrial hemp presents a major opportunity for our state  wiright wiunion wipolitics
 when the office has smoked pork sandwiches.... calling an emergency cheat day gains
 when the office has smoked pork sandwiches.... calling an emergency cheat day gains
 man lets smoke sum gas
 dam got suspended from hogwarts for smoking weed with my patronus animal again.
 where the weed brownies 
 stop 1. smoked pastrami rueben from @roegelsbarbecue. if i lived in houston  you would know where to find me on thu 
 side note i dont have to work today after pretending to be a mermaid and eating shit on some sea weed covered rocks.
 so i guess nobody  smokes hookah now 
 yall smoke fruit flavor rellos yall boys gay
 henny  henny  weed  henny  and a dope ass mixtape 
 people need to stop smoking weed to cure their depression. marijuana is a depressant 
 @marbangazzz @drzcharlito i got the weed....
 @loudpvck i been trying to get yall to smoke w me 
 me stop spending so much money on weed amp make better financial decisions in 2017 ur a broke college student me to me its just a dub sis
 @friedrichdrumpf that is too much weed jargon for me but very interesting in any case. where was vet
 now in stock edibles  lsd  molly  dank weed  and 5 for 80 water bottles. also mix and match color outfits for hal 
 texas house panel approves full legalization of marijuana in unprecedented move  cannabis uniteblue tcot
 texas house panel approves full legalization of marijuana in unprecedented move  cannabis uniteblue tcot
 if you cant roll up while driving done the highway then you aint a smoker lol
 about to have a big ass smoke sesh by myself
 i will never stop smoking weed
 class is done for the weekend. i guess ill smoke a bowl  watch californiacation amp take a nap.
 keelin been smoking my weed while im sleep in the morning and im pissed bc he always be saving his weed but be going through mine.
 i cant stop listening to that new narrowhead with a lil splash of newest weed lp.
 im tryna stop smoking weed. so its either cocaine or xanax everyday. which route
 mermaids smoke seaweed lol.
 about to try a weed brownie 
 @benlynch ben lynch  weed smoking guy   nice
 all about the art of a pregame smoke sesh prior to a slightly larger smoke sesh. inspiration at its finest 
 @kiaaaab smoke sum stoner 
 this week i need this sugarfire smokehouse in st. louis 
 loud smoke of that mary jane
 where the smoke sesh
 guess im finna smoke 
 ill mess around be up there smoking weed
 @bcmoneyman86 so we linking up smoke some
 i just find it funny that im hs ppl would talk shit bcc i smoked amp now they smoke omfggggg
 hb06198 new an act concerning driving while under the influence of marijuana. 
 should i exhaust all my energy on growin some more alien weed
 holy smokes what an alleyoop to devin robinson  @gatorschris exactech is going to be rocking on saturday night vs. @bbn
 imwithher werise nastywomanvote   amjoy theresistance peopleoath dmvfollowers isnt that a bit down in weeds 
 im happiest when im in the weeds. production
 newest flavors. sun script amp gorilla inspired navy smoke.   
 finna walk around and smoke  so if i die just know i died lit af lol.
 @2savy do you smoke he really slid in the messages with that.... 
 i need weed amp zaxbys
 im high af b  sprinkled wax on my weed.
 deyly gave me a whole box of weed cookies and a big ass pice of weed brownie
  p.w.g  @chevywoods you and @wizkhalifa need dat pussy weed and gin bring bakk dat kev da hustla
 was laying in bed thinking about it  trying to create a pneumonic to remember to get a smoke detector tmrrw then got out of bed 2 order
 for anybody thinking about getting me a present for my 21 bday on february 28th ill gladly accept weed and alcohol thanks
 if weed make you paranoid its not for you stop smoking it 
 trying to smoke that kk and turbo og before the year is over
 never give her marijuana when shes drinking
 i be trying not to smoke but its so harddd 
 a smokey black alien on fullcoveragefriday beat @rlatex this time @skintightrubber catsuit @blackstylelatex pup ho 
 fuck dat im finna just smoke
 ill smoke with him 
 quit the weed and now its hard to eat
 real soon i wont be smoking or drinking. ill be 26 this year still smoking weed and shit... no go.
 the cook mustve smoked a cigarette before making my meal....... this burger good as hell 
 im trying to smoke less but ive been smoking everyday 
 i say ima stop somokin then i smoke the next minute this gotta stop 
 ima stoner i cant amp will never completely stop smoking weed 
 today is the start of no weed
 bowling green massacre kellyann alternative facts conway  said rolling weed. not  bowling green. 
 this how hard this weed hit me 
 @rubberpupper @rlatex @skintightrubber @blackstylelatex thanks. alien really likes the smokey black latex.
 ill be in little rock tonight. lets smoke sum cock
 smoking weed 247 
 someone trying i smoke a blunt with me or what lol its friiidayyyy and im off. 
 its hard to function when im sober  between 2 people   we smoke a quarter a day .
 @javilujan5 guess im have to smoke w ur mom instead 
 @kellyannepolls youre constantly addressing irrelevant topics.  get to work and stop the smokescreen.  earn the income that im paying u.
 some weed i guess
 got some .019 avg acol for a hopefully sweet weed bounce 
 icymi two irvington teenagers were busted trying to buy a pound of marijuana from a dealer holding heroin.  
 when ppl hmu for weed and then just stop replying i hate yall
 i got smoke in my eye and ruined my eyeliner 
 donald trump smokes mids and eats well done steaks well done. who does that
 is 21 too young to buy marijuana  
 30 acre rx burn  n of alachua  e of i75  smoke plume visitble from i75 @flforestservice @gainesvillesun 
 @liftedl0ser writing down things that make me happy  calling and talking to a friend or one of my siblings  or smoking some weed
 lol guess ill buy more weed before i leave
 coffee  weed  sex amp donuts.  its been a great morning.  happy friday everyone. 
 i feel like im visiting weed mecca lw lol 
 lol you trying too smoke 
 amp she tryna smoke with me thats lit
 smoking weed under star projectors  ill guess well never know where rv gets us
 today my therapist suggested i start a weed smoking club amp get a tinder im done
 mood frfr @ smoke weed 
 sunflower seed sales set to soar in st. louis. smokeless tobacco has officially been banned by cardinals
 thank for the smoke sesh @im2hy4this 
 thanks for the smoke sesh @im2hy4this 
 who trying to smoke  
 todays show is a banger. terror  dio  ratt  azeilia banks and we smoke the brain stems of 
 @mostdopeeeryan @sadfrijoles smoke a blunt and stop being so violent 
 out to my cigarette smokers @ coffee coffee 
 tonightif yall got nothing to do be here and smoke some hookah 
 @freeyourmindkid ill take a kid who smokes weed any day over a soninlaw that sits in on a special ops assault where a girl amp a seal die.
 hb1937 new concerning buffer zones with respect to siting statelicensed marijuana businesses and entities near... 
 guess im just gunna sit here and smoke some weed since i found mine while cleaning
 sb5698 new concerning cannabis health and beauty aids. 
 if you put in on this weed then you can hit sum.
 @amymek @actbrigitte dumb dicks out of control no wonder djt had a fit of rage and for ob amp j kerry dumb amp dumber smoke coming out of myears
 @jgaudette85nh if im smoking weed and the cops show up my door and i eat the blunt. theres no more evidence.
 yea im finna smoke n try dis mardi gras shake shit
 somebody smoke dat shit
 so i just smoked a blunt in front of my little sister amp now shes putting a pencil in her mouth and exhaling smoke out 
 ill die from secondhand smoke before i reach the age of 30
 i never realized that dwight grew weed
 sum1 smoke me out tonight pls thnx
 i told this dude about the plugs i had n he told me to start selling weed amp3883amp32
 @realdonaldtrump stop blowing smoke up our dresses  all we want from you is those goddamn tax returns. 
 pull up an smoke sum
 @cbsnews this is not marijuana. stop calling it synthetic mj its a chemical experiment nightmare.
 trying not to smoke too hard 
 very hard not to cry thinking about my life so i smoke a. blunt n prepard for sleep
 im really just trying to smoke
 i just smoked in my room and im paranoid my mom will find out 
 your the only one who will die because of marijuana on earth
 who trying to smoke in boro
 abb milds are bad for you ill never smoke one of those  but ill smoke weed cause its good for you 
 chicken  and weed  brownies 
 @etheeereal ill smoke you out.
 now im aggravated bout to smoke some weed amp drink henny straight 
 now im aggravated bout to smoke some weed amp drink henny straight 
 who trying to facetime while i smoke
 tired of this ecig  and im buzzed. give me sum real to smoke
 @ooooohscaar i got weed and henny come over my mama aint home
 im on a sea weed diet  its when i sea weed and then i smoke it 
 youd rather run the other way than stay and see the smoke and whos still standing when it clears
 i guess ill smoke
  good lil change up rt @keythatrackstar istg im tryin not to smoke no more shit kinda tough
 i have drank and smoked myself numb
 i  smoke till im numb nigga... killing brain cells still i aint no 
 4am weedmans are rare
 i need food amp a smoke sesh.
 @scottadamssays @lisaindunedin read the article from your blog.look hard though...some of the pattern is drifting here like smoke..
 yall kansas weed be kmtfo early thenna bitch 
 im trying to smoke and fabian is still knocked out
 smoke a lil weed but her shit togetha
 @ballsdotie a single church bell rings and a tumble weed gently floats across the horizon in an abandoned street ... dong ... dong ...
 if weems returns a kick in the superbowl ill quit smoking weed 
 when i dong smoke i get this attitude about nothing. i have to work on that lol
 i kinda want to smoke some marijuana sticks tonight
 i guess ill smoke sumn
 common kings  license to smoke 
 we shoulda smoked our wild mushrooms i can imagine that really ups the omg quotient with nebbiolo @foodwineclick italianwft
 @ltrblack @rlatex @skintightrubber @blackstylelatex thanks. alien loves this suit also. smokey black all the way.
 celebrating early morning w with a little victory smoke while game planning amp breaking down film for game 2 later t 
 who trying to get food and smoke
 the 1960s exhibition at the moma smells like weed....trying to figure out if this is intentional. certainly appropriate.
 when the weed brownies kick in 
 i dont drink  smoke  do weed  party or socialise. gave up coffee tea decades ago. writing is a full time passion.
 african weedings look lit af
 hungry af but im fat so ill just smoke
 he can dress ampd he smoke  
 just wana smoke sum
 baby the weed lit lemme take you on this trippp
 usually ill be smoking weed but im drinking water
 just trying to run on that trail and smoke
 when all the ppl who bitched about smoking weed in high school all smoke weed now... 
 bryce hempel layin ben grosse with the assist
 @firstreality im pretty sure naked weed whacking is a bad idea  but charlotte mckinney makes it look so sexy.  
 ill never understand why hipster coffee workers never smoke back to me
 i want a bff who i can match outfits with thatll smoke with me amp skate occasionally 
 cbd flowers  dont sleep on that fresh drop of weedclub select ringos gift by uv organics limited release at har 
 and cdai got 22. dont think he wont smoke yo ass
 @brittanymyllyla you kept trying to smoke
 name a better marijuanafueled power duo. ill wait. 
 @485fredro @prince485 i got sum reggie. yall tryin to smoke...bring the goodtimes
 already done smoke 3 blunts n i been up for 2 hrs smh
 the cardinal impact is medium bodied smoke  lots of flavor very complex and balanced another amazing smoke by 
 i love smokey ds macaroni sm 
 dad stop sleeping. its ok to go out and do things me ok so ill just start partying and smoking weed bc thats all there is to do in ss
 a saturday in pella wouldnt be complete without a stop at smokey 
 love how ppl keep trying 2 pick a word fight with an award winning author its like a smoker in a room full of ga 
 my brain during and after i smoke 
 do you think its bad mojo to smoke out of a dead mans pipe
 good weed lit
 @aniquery1 @puddsta77 @jzblue @sweetlysmiles @goldie5535 brb    for an after dinner smoke fest...
 cut out that smokes and i stop stayin up all night
 wooow you smoke 
 if you hml asking me to smoke knowing that im trying hard to stop then your just arent a good influence on my life.
 rep. @raymonddehn is on the radio right now saying he supports marijuana legalization and is talking about how to refuse police searches. 
 i dont smoke how bout starbucks or sum haha 
 jason you have got to stop making conservatives look so stupid...agree w you on most things  but marijuana is medi 
 in my personal opinion  the harborcenter was wayyyyy colder than the jar ... holy smokes 
 the @prairiehome crew just killed it at @theryman. holy smokes. top notch talent from start to finish. thank you @christhile and co.
 son is a cigarette a smoke lollipop
 who trying to come dice and smoke 
 ohh im bout to smoke 
 holy smokes  nylander gotta keep him i guess. tmltalk
 @scorpliciousnes i thought weed was supposed to calm people down you mustve bought that laced shit again 
 guess ill just smoke some more weed n play xbox.... bored. feel free to hmu..
 i really wish ppl will stop thinking i do crack  i only smoke weed 
 glaspy no to marijuana legalization. 
 sum1 smoke wit me
 these lil weed lollipops got some power
 holly smoked  drank  caroused  hopeless and tragically flawed. god i love her. breakfastattiffanys tcmparty
 @angieoverkill holy smokes what a fight. i got your next quarter continue 
 should i start selling weed
 who tryna match  or smoke wit me  
 its cute how esau wants to help cut down on smoking and try to quit or whatever but when he jokes about flushing my weed.... not cool
 trying to smoke this ganjii
 just performed at a hostel lmao it was lit free weed and beer too 
 this man phil driving us out to st. clair shores to go pick up some fucking og  bro be so picky about the weed he smoke
 @skrongmeat im inside the suit after i smoke dat 
 the only way the kings can beat us is when we shoot that poorly and smoke layups 
 kori tml talm bout you trying to smoke 
 nun of my homeboys want to smoke with me i guess ill perso tonight
 who trying to smoke 
 calling it early. who wants to be my smoke sesh buddy
 who selling weed and is in town  
 i only smoke on weekends...lol
 stop smoking weed  do black tar heroin like the adult you are.
 everyones still drinking and im just sober af. i need weed asap
 can they make marijuana patches instead of nicotine
 they came to find where i vanished to but i was hiding upstairs eating weed brownies
 lol get up amp smoke sum
  we smoked a couple times before you coo ppl lol hmu 
 bo joke  put a large cigarette filter on smokestacks and water output of factory processes and it is the dunce filter you can all wear sonny
 shes going to kill us all with this damn smoke
 i feel better now that im under the influence of marijuana
 @luckyenapunz and by special package you mean you put your weed in it gtwlt 
 onionrings with spicyketchup  homeymustard and baconranch at smokeybones @ smokey bones 
 onionrings with spicyketchup  homeymustard and baconranch at smokeybones @ smokey bones 
 whatll it be  now mister mole   whisper sloth in curls of smoke
 whatll it be  now mister mole   whisper sloth in curls of smoke 
 @aniquery1 @puddsta77 @jzblue @sweetlysmiles @goldie5535 haha...im having buffalo wings...and weed of course...
 i been at my house alone pretty much all weekend smoking unnecessary amounts of marijuana amp making dope music
 @kearse @xoalex weed is from the earth
 who trying to smoke
 brought weed  dunkin donuts breakfast sandwiches and coffee to go get my hair done 
 oh lord  that colorado weed kicking in 
 who trying to smoke and get lunch 
 white privilege is calling weed pot
 guess ill smoke mea blunt
 9 lbs. of brisket on the smoker. because texas. atlantafalcons newenglandpatriotssuck hashtag ps 
 youll never guess who wants to see marijuana lega... 
 cannabis is key to good health when we eat it vs. smoke it  via @collectiveevol marijuanaisgoodfortherobotshealth
 ight ima smoke up now
 got food poisoning and my stomach wouldnt stop hurting until i smoked sum kush  i luv u bb
 brownsugar donuts rasperrysauce chocolatesauce smokeybones        @ smokey bones bar amp 
 half way done with an hour of cardio.. holy smokes 
 brownsugar donuts rasperrysauce chocolatesauce smokeybones  @ smokey bones bar amp fire 
 @nkankarosette according to jeh johnson  the vetting process was not sufficient to thoroughly vet the refugees to weed out terrorists.
 brownsugar donuts rasperrysauce chocolatesauce smokeybones  @ smokey bones bar amp fire 
 @toddhutchens @chuckwoolery imagine that  they were used to worrying if weed was going to be legalized.  most important to them
 i smoked a zip with sis  
 if running thruburning a field of weed plants isnt the 1st thing in your mind while this song is playing  we can 
 no stick with weed 
 fuck it. ill just wont smoke. ill smoke a black and call it a day.
 im just trying to smoke a couple fat jays
 @sellis1994 @waltonagseed ahh. i put 40lbs on last time i grew oats. grew 100bu. barley must need more n whats weed control look like24d
 i ate a weed brownie when i got to work and this shits kicking in lmao
 i be wanting to smoke certain ppl out cuhz they be trippin on the daily 
 when i stop smoking weed i get sick. what kinda shit is this  lol
 @zaytoocold they wanted to find something so bad  been smoked that shit up
 holy smokes what a powerful message 
 when the weed man is holding up everybodys plans 
 my advice to you start eating potent marijuana edibles for breakfast before work amp see what happens 
 hb2353 new amends the cannabis control act. makes a technical change in a section concerning the short title. 
 i dont smoke or love to flex but ill take the other ones 
 @iaff2800 @acfdpio @lincolnacfd any idea whats up w ballston arlington power outage see smoke too. @wtop
 @nevuhduplicated smokes weed and listens to @power1051
 lesss smoke sum
  talking about ill smoke some 
 @peterkidder weed  what weed...
 our smoke detector wont stop beeping so audrey is running around our house threatening them all
 smoking weed knowing i need to stop ipretendtolove
 i guess thats what the mean when they need a smoke break @bradleysmoker 
 @james96539132 @mtnflyfisher1 @usatodaysports i bet you were happy with weeden pick.  you seem dumb enough.
 if i smoke dis cone ill forget i met u
 some events i just be thinking i shouldve smoked before i came  
 done smoking weed for a week 
 if someone smokes me out ill cook some steak amp shrimp for them 
 my mama ate weed brownies 
 @juvnvibes smoke sum
 time for some smoke  jeffreywoodworth this man can fin brew    beernews beerporn 
 very tasty nice smokey flavor with subtle alcohol flavor at the end...... old believer 2016  photo
 @billmaher you cursed the patriots man  what kind of weed gives you those powers
 well i just found out via my sister trying to bash jeffree star via yelling that she does not support rec. marijuana
 @kaceshelts lets smoke and do dis 
 guess ill smoke 
 who got weed help a sis out
 tmbile out here promoting deviant lifestyles like smoking weed n bdsm got me trying to switch wireless providers
 sex would be lit. naps would be lit. smoke sessions would be lit. jus talking bout deep shit would be lit. 
 @cheetodores high i dont smoke the weed ben.
 holy smokes i was about to stop watching too 
 @cmull98 @collincook3 he smokes more than snoop dog and is trying to get with a fellow pizza hut employee  he got dealt a good hand in life
 @dooleyfunny where u find that smokey outfit 
 trent richardson 1st round johnny manziel 1st round justin gilbert 1st round brandon weeden 1st round barkeviou 
 king of smoke and mirrors has met his match theresistance keep his fraud and crimes front and center. 
 youll never guess who wants to see marijuana lega... 
 i be so paranoid when i smoke. nobueno 
 when your trying to not act high and smell like weed around ur family 
 when your ppl eat your brownie and didnt know it was a weed brownie so now they high 
 the falcon just made me want to start smoking weed again
 i physically cannot stop smoking weed  i tried to stop today and my head is on ten
 1 of the best days of my life was april 2 2016.  on that date more than 100 member of @usufootball came to my house 2 clean  weed  repair
 getting contact high from whoever is smoking marijuana down here on the 1st floor.....  bout to have an asthma attack
 2 years ago niggas laced my weed pranking and i turned on tame impala start seeing shit and had a spiritual awakening deadass
 @cbsnews stop calling it marijuana. it is a chemical nightmare that has no similarity w cannabis.
 currently smoking like smokey
 spinach weed  collard green pack make me go cock eyed. i love ms. mary jane  green in my diet like popeye.
 guess  ill smoke this l and tease my atl ppl for their loss 
 ohhhhhh well mo weed for me 
 yo  this marijuana juice hella lit  b. deadass. im finna be schleeeeeep.
 id be like  well in that case let me get 3 and ill smoke a blunt with you and youll feel better 
 smell weed already.  somebody smoking a blunt in the krib this morning.  
 i arrive early and off the clock for selfish reasons  so that i can have a coffee and smoke before my shift. 
 @notoenergyeast i mean i am assuming it is obvious its a package of weed that smell pretty hard 2 wrap cover up.
 make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message 
 @politico @flotus make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message
 @reuters @reuterstv  make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message
 @politicususa make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message
 @zoepappi no im good ill just smoke weed 
 @politicsnewz  make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message msg
 @politicsnewz   make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message msg
 @cnn   make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message msg
 if i hit you up to smoke do not match me  i repeat do not match me. im trying to stop smoking.
 @djsmokey666 sup you fuckin horse.  no work today so its capn smokey  loud and pc games all day. allbangers
 my philsophy prof just told us the first time he smoked mary jane im so ded
 @katyables @upgradehiphop @claudiopsanchez ill smoke em both 
 i smoke and drink coffee all day but its especially good in the morning
 who has their med card and is trying to help a brotha out. ill smoke oooouuut
 you walked into a smoke filled room  little black dress and mamas shoes
 ahh the familiar scent of avc in the morning.  its weed. definitely weed.
 @mamabeverage since she started smokin weed she gotta booty but yea i think so too cause i be skinny in the morning after smoking
 my mom came over for her little hemp pomita i got her and for her little edibles omg she is so cute lol shes gonna have a fun time lol
 ill still out smoke niggas factsonly
 guess who wants to see marijuana legalized in the nation  420dude policeforlegalization 
 finna curl my hair and smoke again with my love 
 meme katie wouldnt eat a weed brownie with because shes trying to lose weight
 match means have your own weed with you
 well then  ill smoke obamaself.
 meme katie wouldnt eat a weed brownie with me because shes trying to lose weight
 i had an allergy test done today and i came back positive for hemp
 good smoke sesh 
 when treated like the spiritual plant it is  cannabis can be a hard 
 that weed brownie was good asffff
 i smoke that shit that have a pig thinking he can fly 
 annoyed n weed isnt helping
 finally got our 2015 taxes sorted i know i know celebrating with smoked porters at blind 
 ill be rich if i stop smoking because all i do is buy is weed 
 donnel did you plant a weed 
 raw rollinss chances at wrestlemania may as well be up in smoke
 @daninatx imagine the falling smokestack in 36011111111
 either i just burped up sum smoke or is so cold in my house you can see ur own breath
 my weed young like caillou
 hb1979 new concerning funding of industrial hemp research. 
 the damn pnp cant tell the difference between parsley  chives  and cannabis. 
 @milkysaurus im gonna stop before i smoke so i dont say some dumb shit
 i guess ill smoke alone on this breezy monday morning.
 you smoked sum 
 well if nancy gave a fuck about a bitch ill always be broke  ill never have no mf indo to smoke
 yalls state flower should be the weed plant i love my granny
 someone match  or ill smoke lol either orrrrrr
 man yall mustve smoked some good stuff cause that hit me when i opened the door.
 smoking weed is my hobby  
  thankful for wine and weed.  
 now im done with all my work   i can smoke myself retarded
 when your trying to stop smoking weed but you just cant 
 @faithvoidsplit he is eating brunch in a purple suit. he also makes daniel bryan smoke cigars. im p sure he got all his ideas from bampw mov
 airing the smoke out my window sayin yeah dat way
 when smoke you end up couch way too months 
 you think simba legalized weed after he became king of pride rock
 @mcfaul @terrymoran you stop it you dont even like the military. ya just blowing yellow smoke out of your a. the miliary got @potus back
 smoking keeps me off of my phone. guess who didnt smoke today
 @tabchoops boys rankings 1a16  dime box 17 waelder. 2a 20 snook. 3a9 hempstead  17 schulenburg. 4a 22 wharton  23 stafford @hoopinsider
 that smoke show he mentions could be a potato in winged eyeliner as long as shes under 45 with a working ass
 im trying to smoke 
 i just need some weed  its only 2am why is yall sleeping
 your life is your garden  your thoughts are the seeds  if your life isnt awesome  youve been watering the weeds...
 im thinking of you while i smoke on thispillow fights amp gripping on 
 @presssec @potus make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message msg
 @politicususa make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message msg
 @politicsnewz make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message msg
 @politicsnewz make it to the top by lying and cheating get paid with smoke and a promotionto death proverbs 216 the message msg
 so ill smoke
 i think im going to stop smoking weed
 its too early for ppl to be smoking weed 
 if i smoke  this blunt bby you might as well loose my number 
 sb0590 new amends the cannabis control act. makes a technical change in a section concerning the short title. 
 ok calm down mary jane i dont smoke weed
 guess ill smoke by myself 
 how yall smoke cigarettes early in the morning 
 stop smoking weed 
 his truck then blew this like metallic looking toxic smoke into the air  i couldnt breathe also now im nauseous.
 all im trying to do when i get off work is smoke.. so if you aint trying to do that dont hmu
 @smoothambler ....a productive road trip to west virginias smokers friendlys  this morning 
 109yearold veteran drinks whiskey and smokes cigars nearly everyday  and hes still going strong. he even drives.  
 robart has to be eatingthosekind of brownies  again.or its just a  pale of smoke clouding his mental capacity  
 oh you say you dont smoke well das all dat we do
 tap government funds when thinking about cause marketing opportunities @inciteaction has done work 4 homeless veterans amp smokefreetxt lmaim
 do all this emotional  hard  rough shit alone. and with the help and support of my siblings and mother. yes  weed is fun and helping many 
 @midgetnazgul i had to weed out quite a few of those when i was funemployed
 i deadass be smoking all the weed
 nothing better then some smoke and coffee to start the day
 but who trying to smokeeee
 i mustve been out of weed on this day 
 why are black ppl jailed for weed why are white ppl w meth amp intoxicated released why would any1 not have a gun just... why asksticks
 oh fuck 2 cops  theyre going to find out i have in fact smoked the mary jane in my lifetime
 coffee and weed is all i need
 update still happy for corlyn bc shes in cali where her soul thrives but still entirely ready to smoke joints w my person omfggggg
 how you asking for money... you was just holding up a lb of weed  im confused.
 @edwardpentin @luminaria98 thank you bannon for helping to weed out the vaticans rubbish. bad idea to alienate billions of catholics.
 thinking if i should smoke today
 i just ate 2 weed brownies 
 who trying to bring me to get wraps ill smoke you out
 when ppl expect me to smoke on the same blunt they just soaked in spit 
 and how bout smoking marijuana  
 .@hempsteadtown sup santino with @news12li  before kicking off town of hempsteads blackhistory month celebration 
 sushi  is better with weed. @ gaslamp quarter 
 @nro why try to second guess the process....this is why we have a process. need to weed out hate hate
 tinder in san marcos looking for a smoke buddy  lets go to the square   tinder in beaumont i like to hunt and fish
 put an olive branch out there for you kelly ann im trying but your just blowing smoke g
 if i ever retire early imma start back smoking weed
 i had a dream i was smoking weed and i became so happy...i guess that mean one thing the drought is over im finna be back on lol
 amp idgag if a female smoking weed id unattractive to you .. i aint trying to attract you mf 
 all im trying i do while in la is have @getterofficial let us come over and smoke this weed with him and @thenickcolletti 
 all im trying to do while in la is have @getterofficial let us come over and smoke this weed with him and @thenickcolletti 
 @tedsmarijuana elevated levels of thc show return 2 apoptosisnormal cell deathopposed 2 cancer which is cell immortality cannabiswellness
 @lbhousemusic trying to get smoked down
 holy smoke teams are filling up fast for the 2017 big pig shindig sign up now  
 when the tough gets going. .   i smoke and eat @ sunnyside 
 when my dad starts to cook the smoke alarm goes off
 im trying to smack 2 edibles and smoke a blunt
 i hate receiving facebook messages bc its always some dude who sleeps on his mama couch and smokes blacks when he broke 
 i always get in a cleaning mood after i smoke wtf 
 this weed is poorly trimmed smh.
 really good smoke aroma and flavor. well done.... smokie robbins black lager  photo
 we ont smoke skinny on dis side
 @davidsaldana98 @ogkadin your not down if you smoke ill pick you up facts
 limited time back in stock. smoke me up beanie.    @ 
 when your landlord shows up randomly to change the filter on the heater after you just smoked hella
 it reeks of weed in my apt wtf im not trying to breathe that in 
 i see all the eagles visiting colleges.. shining.... but why i never see the weed smokers in these pics with the winners... ijs..
 im trying to smoke a halfy tomorrow  thats how im feeling
 i need weed in ast... queens dam it. at this point i just need some weed
 trying to find a lover or a cigarette to smoke
 promise to bring dat smoke to any nigga dat diss ya
 he was digging all his pockets and kept pulling out everything but a cough drop. a pen  change  gloves  and weed
 smoking that weed
 why my dumb ass thought they were talking about weed edible  
 lieshow about the new flesh bag in chargeholy smokes  thats like the new gold standard. and dumb asses like you 
 but i guess its just a way for me to weed out the bs
 you selling weed 
 im trying to smoke weed
 and sum weed 
 more like when you aint smoke since the morning  failed ya bio test  got tested by 3 customers at work  n finally g 
 shorty i smoke foreign flavors 
 @vieavecleigh moms made me kneel n prayswear to the virgin mary that id never smoke again when she caught me...im def goin 2 hell lmao
 asap can you light the weed instead of holdin it lol
 @jshepherdmusic and shes having a smoke and shes taking a drag
 yo who started calling weed dope that shit is hilarious
 highway closures and flooding all over the place...holy smokes.  droughts been softened a bit  but wow... atmosphericriver
 @abtrey @realteneleluhh @johnnydeh im hip im bout to send him a smoke care package this mans needs help
 tried marijuana  at a young age fell in love with her  grew up and became a stoner.
 bogarts smokehouse barbque  delicious all my st. louis favorites @ bogarts smokehouse 
 @jaketapper needs a payraise for interviewing @kellyannepolls holy smokes ... im beside myself.
 may have already been asked  but would you get drunk if you smoked hops
 whos trying to sell me some weed hmu
 im craving weed brownies.
 i knew this chic who converted to being a muslim...bih ate pork  smoked weed and worked in a strip club
 yall gotta stop talking about weed around me bro im tryna quit smoking 
 @notoenergyeast i knew sum1 with good weed that i trusted  bt nt the case  im pretty cautious abt stuff. whatev.
 where dat weed at  
 @ppeazzy so hard for a pothead to throw weed away but i gotta start some where 
 charleetts hair matches weed  thanks nat
 hype af pretty much that song played after i decided i wanted to stay clear from weed amp alcohol as well as be celibate for a year.. lit
 jesus was a stoner  why cant anyone wrap their head around that.  manna was marijuana and sea weed blended together  perfect food. mary
 i got to stop  smoking weed im bout to get on probation
 coffee and a smoke this morning
 the sense of adventure class successfully made smokeless smoke bombs this morning. still a learning experience for 
 in the morning  rollin weed next to da coffee pot
 michael phelps took performance enhancing marijuana
 sb1161 new amends the smoke free illinois act. makes a technical change in a section concerning the short title. 
 idk about yall but i still get shit done after i smoke
 @cheeseheadchamp @deputyty @leap36 you implied he got cut for weed. not true. shields probably cant play anymore. tough break for him
 @killeverypig damn i was trying give you some good weed for once 
 official mccaskey girls are 2seed and hempfield girls are 3seed  based on power rankings. they finished tied for 2nd. llsports
 me holy shit im just anxious my dentist you should have smoked some weed before you came in here
 smoking weed amp drawing 
 the weed is lit 
 why yall hoes be swallowing the smoke instead of inhaling it 
 who tryna smoke dat
 when i cook beef the smoke will never clear
 dont smoke all your kief in one sesh deezywizdumb
 1047am thinking about weed  jobs  what ill do today  silence  fire
 i dont smoke or drink but im lowkey trying to get lit.
 im this close to start smoking weed again 
 hb2033 new concerning cannabis health and beauty aids. 
 people continue to line up on the steps of the capitol rallying for the legalization of marijuana 
 its fucked up that you cant use the bathroom because someone is sleeping in it or eating or smoking weed in it
 in the hills sum wea n cali finna go smoke sum mo trees and mo s  yfnshit @ hollywood sign 
 he said he told her there was weed in the brownie. and he ate it too. plus she ate a small ass piece  edibles dont 
 me trying to stop smoking weed 
 @govmattmead  legalize marijuana. this would create jobs  provide money for our school districts nd cut down on the cost enforcing the laws.
 @sagemonkeymafia @leducviolet i became running out of weed
 the best thing about smoking weed is sleeping at night and waking up all refreshed and shit
 anyone else think abt the veggie tales movie where the evil weed grows feeding off everyones rumors until it can devour them all no
 hey guys im ron  your friendly neighborhood soundcloud rapperyouth pastor. whos tryna smoke
 at tamu corpus christi for tobacco educational summit  helping colleges amp universities go smokefree tamucc 
 holy smokes. just heard the new @incubusband song too nimble bastard. theyre coming back swinging. heavy amp good. hear it nxt wk on @91x
 stop smoking over the counter weed. government weed is bad for your health son. 
 bro i hate them smoker commercials. im not trying to see that
 why yall doing all this extra dumb shit. just smoke weed  thatll change your mood real quick 
 dfl rep. tina liebling is introducing a constitutional amendment to ask voters if they want to legalize recreational marijuana in mn mnleg
 drawing last breath smokes most current shit imo
 how weed be making yall horny
 in my cannabis garden stillnotfinished ht2 @ brickell 
 whiskey weed and warren zevon
 tell me what yo life like selling weed selling white ...
 i want to stop smoking  well i dont smoke i actually vape which is better than combustion but oral is easier when you are on the move.
 mexico needs to stop trying to smuggle weed. its practically legal here. lol stop 
 2017 instead of smoking weed  read a book
 @draiochta14 @sdmommabear difficult to weed out factsfiction.  so many sources.  so much research.  trying to run a life.  but  i try.
 fernando stays cleaning his yard   weeding his neighbors yard amp doing all that typa shit but cant clean his own damn room  @tortapalomino
 12 off brown water tonight. pairs perfectly with smoke ring and bark.  cltfood cltdining whiskey bourbon 
 ya stop smoking weed and playing demonic violent video games you may just loose your insecurities and make something of yourself
 to any homies i got the never released hemp bracelets forsale. wont hit the site dm me
 if you guessed italian then you are correct. this young gentlemen hittin the smokes hard before 
 that lifestyle more expensive than weed ugh
 we on there  smoke sum  @mattibaybee 
 @jasongalante 2 places id like to try for plano weekend jorgs vienna cafe 4 shnitzle amp lockhart smokehouse 4 bbq @dagalante @joshgalante
 littleknown fact @jaketapper smokes pall mall 100s. tapperdirtfile
 if you guessed italian then you are correct. this young gentlemen hittin the smokes hard before 
 finally got around to trying martins bbq in mt juliet. honestly  i wasnt too impressed at all and my clothes now reek of fire pit smoke.
 i am at work thinking about weed and titty
 coffee weed and candles with a hint of bleach from clean space is orgasmic 
 tia drinks wine like wiz smokes pot now 
 klinger and i on the air last night. things got real technical as he was drawing the bag of weed 
 @ttawesome @iamjericho this ep. got me thinking. i heard you dont dream when you smoke pot. so charlie merely needs to blaze up before bed.
 @kvmvrv512 nigga lit the weed and went back to the 70s lmfao
 weed brownies. im making weed brownies.
 smoked a little weed  listened to @dougbenson and then this got done. 
 if you guessed italian then you are correct. this young gentlemen hittin the smokes hard before 
 @travelchannel   i should be your traveling weedologist. standing by...
 take notes  we smoke like kings and queens over here  
 who trying to smoke this we me 
 i hate when ppl tweak when they smoke like just stop smoking all together then
 running off of coffee and weed. im unstoppable
 been selling weed for the longest. just gotta remain sober thatsthekey
 im so thankful for weed it keeps me sane
 @twentyfourkaye when a sexy woman on fire and she blowing the smoke hookah 
 @cayneramsay who ever voted pot is dumb af nobody has ever died from weed
 i smoke king kong shit 
 this shit sound smokepurpp af
 @helloimastrid bro ive never done drugs in my life and she srsly thought i had weed  i was like its black coffee mom chill
 cheri sicard is a cannabis cook amp cookbook author. this link takes you to a page  to sign up for her on line class 
 @yuhyuhyuh @mariahoffmeyer theres no way this mfers is gonna restrict weed from californians.
 @brunswickgovt  smoke thick for over 24 hours burn still in process. air quality in the villages at marianas point terrible
 my trust is in whiskey and weed and slayer itsgoddamnelectric 
 she smoked the peace pipe at yasgurs farm  back in the day.. shes still trippin... maga potus boycottstarbucks 
 so i guess ill smoke lol
 @swaggyteej better not smoke those sticks wo me
  im bout to smoke dis gas i aint get none of dat pack u got tho my shyt diff smh .. how i come back n my blue 
 about to smoke and watch superbad that may lift my mood
 is it over...nah marsh is smoking a cigarette id smoke more than that 42ndstreet tcmparty goodbye @tcm
 @angryblackhoemo no he abandoned the klan because they smoke weed. he hates that shit
 at the fabrication yard  sometimes you need to get some where and smoke. a quite place.  
 im eating a weed brownie with ice cream
 you know what would be lit  is if you and a bunch of people on yo tl got together and had a big ass smoke sesh. just imagine it 
 an accurate depiction of ppl trying to find negative affects of marijuana to try to dissuade users 
 im just trying to smoke 
 im bout to start weeds over again lowkey
 @ashleywagner yea weed brownies are much better
  good luck this weekend smoke  @tonystewart @bubbaraceway
 im about to smoke my brains out
 smokin weed on the couch  she got a blunt in her mouth  @kinglilg mobshit 
 the good weed is lit on this one
 the weedmane trippin....
 is coo watching you and your homies grow up.  when yall start prioritizing and not available 247 to go smoke or kick it
 man my knees are done i accidentally smoked a layup but got the reb n putback and a 3 pt play lol
 dis weed called cat piss and yeah dis shit smell dank lol
 @otkkane thanks for the heads up done. its high time the u.s. stops vilifying cannabis recreational or medical.
 ayo  the spliff look like a shrimp when it it shit. smoke the shark  greg norman shit. me amp robert horry in a foreign mothafucka.
 same so i just smoked sum 
 youngest daughter ate my weed i left on the coffee table.
 jesse dumb ass had me rolling lastnight  cant smoke without choking from laughing 
 life of smokers  morning shit 
 @coldbean edible marijuana. its better than xanax  im here to tell you. now i understand why big pharma undermines legalization.
 so excited about today.  fuck dropped the blunt trying to hold it in my mouth and text smoke got in my eye. lbs 
 prosecute the corrupt in our government or resign.  stop unconstitutional asset forfeitures.  stop marijuana prosec 
 @thascorpionking stop smoking weed cause obviously you have 0 active brain cells left. gtfoh.
 mood af @truthko @lilbhurd countitup @ got weed    weed california 
 @bomeyooo the trash part about this is there are no good early morning diner breakfast spots in la so u got to either smoke coffee or gym
 smoke sum reefers 
 she met her match  i let her match she lit her match  she let me smoke
 i love sitting in the library inhaling the smell of weed trying to do my homework... 
 guess ill smoke before i go to work
 @candaceclaire ill smoke you out after lol
 @theflexlex smokin moves. thats the only thing we did was smoke. yall be on some other shit so i went dat way 
 you trippin bro. she smoke black n milds hahaha 
 rep. tina liebling i  of course  as a young person  have smoked marijuana mnleg 
 stop bragging about smoking weed to everyone you meet
 yea i know  i work in denver. and its popularity began with the legalization of marijuana. ca started moving in an 
 @cbraunnj @jongarysteele @sagehillfarms @cyndilhayes @ dontaskwontlie @draiochta14 @jillsh3 need smoke amp mirrors so 
 my grandmas weed fell out her leg in walmart  im currently crying 
 @jrichtheboss @dangarcia17 lets smoke jesse
 ppl on the east coast r so excessive abt weed like i take an edible almost everynight j to sleep like its not that srs shut up
 @newyorker long term exposure to @foxnews causes damage to more brain cells then weed. @realdonaldtrump likes to see himself in orange tint
 my roommate literally just got done telling me shes too high and then after asks me to smoke 
 stu sup girllllllll come smoke dis bleezyyyy wit mehhhh 
 boat fire sends smoke across clear lake 
 boat fire sends smoke across clear lake 
 lol this smoke sesh is really what im looking forward to
 milf weed
 boat fire sends smoke across clear lake 
 @vagpoop that was the weed spot if you grew up in westchester in the 90s. amazing my dumb surburban white girl ass never got mugged
 i hate when i tell someone to kick it or smoke n they say theyre broke like mothafucka did i ask that
 so i guess ill smoke
 justin just put his sandwich in the toaster it started smoking he took it out and said i guess thats why they call it smoked turkey
 @okaykaykay smoke sum 
 and my dumb ass thought they meant edible as in weed edibles before watching. it looks good either way tho 
 id love to see them in a match. lesnar would probably smoke lashley in a fight 
 @blackinamerica @gattichild edwin you said you couldnt smoke 
 @persianprlnce have u ever done weed bean
 i need a store run weed amp wine before this dumb ass storm come 
 refunds done drop so yakwtfgo   we rolling up all night   all you can smoke  liq  tonight only move  
 @allentruitt1 well hes totally against marijuana so i guess well have to wait and see.
 i only smoke og keep that flavor away from me
 holy smokes  halfway sold out on my joanne pins on the 1st day act fast these are going quick 
 i dont get why they made smoking 21  kids are smoking weed and dropping acid these days.
 @dhsgov ask the wh to rescind eo. if there is a major threat  strenghten the vetting process to weed out terrorists.
 @americanna i managed to get rso 4 her cbdshe doesnt smoke @ all but ive convinced her to take this medicine. it will be the difference
 i wanan smoke but my bestfriends at work nosmokingbuddy
 the weed man tryina charge 25.07 for a quarter  talkin bout bag taxes
 she a good girl  maybe theres to much smoke in the room and she dont want that mary jane in her vidal sassoon
 them you need to stop smoking weed  me 
 before and after smoking 1 weed 
 i mean i would peer pressure lamya to smoke today but ima let her be independent 
 shes a good girl  maybe theres too much smoke in the room and she dont want that mary jane in her vidal sassoon
 being sick makes it so hard to smoke my bowl
 i been smoking all of my weed  trying to follow my dreams
 my naps be so a1 after i smoke
 now im falling asleep.. and shes calling a cab... while hes having a smoke and shes taking a drag  now theyre going to bed...
 i think kids should smoke crack rock because according to research amp experimentation crack is wicked awesome amp promotes brain amp bone growth
 smoke sesh bitch please dont disturb my smoke sesh
 smoke weed  eat yogurt
 shes such a diva  only smokes sativa
 the snow storm done yall get yall weed and freak on yet
 my dads weed beer is a1
 tomorrow its going down fridaynightsesh  thecustomedibleco  marijuanaediblesesh @ 420nurses 
 need some smoke.  cause this attitude of mine rn  af
 bout to get a weed brownie
 bruh me amp duh fam smoke so muxh we done smoke bout a quarter mill worth of gas i jus kno it prolly more
 a statutory ding will weed out the bad judges.  because parties will ding them  and other judges will have to pick up their slack.
 cant you smoke acid
 @sweetlysmiles @aniquery1 @puddsta77 @jzblue @goldie5535 @gratefuldead weed for all...relegalize 
 jesse solomon and smokey robinson getting ready to play golf today 
 poppys got a brand new dance lol only 3 more chances to see reefer madness at rivertown 
 did @ladygaga just smoked a blunt on the johnwayne music video by @applemusic  so lit
 im drinking champagne smoking weed counting money
 thinking about converting to that weed church. is that still a thing
 my hobbies include eating  smoking weed and yoga 
 if a smoker was whining about being unhealthy  id suggest quitting smoking. if an overweight person is feeling bad 
 she then said marijuana as marrajuhwanna. im done.
 i stop smoking weed and i start having nightmares notafan
 holy hempola naturally organic hemp from mettrumoriginals is now available on freshspoke 
 im trying to smoke and get some food but no ones down
 1 wildfire in  5 county area today  12 acres nw newnans lake. evry other smoke column is rx burn @flforestservice 
 shrooms lsd mescaline a lotta weed
 someday well live in a world where gay couples can protect their adopted muslim children and weed plants with their guns.
 quitting weed is hard
 that was some awesome weed  @ toscanella village cafe amp pizza 
 i got my sleep and i finally have the day off and i want weed coffee and donuts yo
 @tomhast smoke meth  hail satan
 pretty chill smoke sesh earlier with @geduardo273
 spent my 21st birthday alone an now im spending my 21st year dealing with horrific surguriesinjuries. hard to cope. cant even smoke dope.
 this boy sitting next to me on the bus sees my headphones in and is purposely talking loud af about how he smokes and he wont stop
 i wish yall would stop selling weed on your snap stories lol
 @shaneaveli @midnightstudios cleaning process  smells like marijuana and alcohol. 
 i still can feel this weed brownie
 my uncle from colorado is showing us his weed plants in his back yard.
 im trying to smoke a blunt and talk about life with @jcolenc
 ive been feeling like shit since yesterday morning  and my grandma told me to smoke a joint were going to olive garden
 next time on life ill teach you how to stop smoking weed................and start eating it
 sick me and smoke found a banging ass champagne soda he gets to po it up 1st smh
 dis is y i smoke @whotfizahcd 
 i hate when tyquan smoke  he bout to stop
 coffee with strong aroma of smoke amp tobacco.  drinking a cafe ink @ lizardville beer store amp whiskey bar  
 ab135 new revises provisions relating to prohibited acts concerning the use of marijuana and the operation of a... 
 tell me what you need got the weed im a bad little bitch and ill never indict her
 you smoking on that boat weed and im smokin on them cookies
 henny and weed tonight
 walnut hemp seeds soap. 11.95  shop at chic store for unique valentines 
 bout get lit hell of weed i got
 need sum weed then taking it in 
 i need to smoke i feel like i done snapped on everybody who done came through my phone today llol
 so i guess i smoke
 if youre gunna smoke your cancer sticks can you make sure to aim your toxic fumes in a direction that is not going straight into my lungs
 im bouta be here pull up and smoke with me  independentbrewingcompany @ independent brewing 
 the weed brownie had 20 grams in it
 i need to stop tweeting about weed  these kids really trying to get a customer via dms. smh 
 @okstateprobs ben mckenzie full band at the weed tonight. be there.
 this smoke sesh about to be a1
 always sold weed i neva sold bricks 
 yall ever wanted to smoke so bad but you too lazy to roll up  mood
 i smoke kick back and think about you baby
 @905habsfan you are telling me  the closest is smokes in the gta
 smokeyrobinson smokey talking about anything then singing brings me a soulful joy flowersfortheliving so blessed to still have his voice
 st. catharines i need weed downtown right now him me up.
 @905habsfan yep  good smoked is hard to find in toronto too  closest is caplanskys on bathurst  college
 i just ate a weed brownie
 @foxnews  to make and hold up those signssomeone been blowing smoke up their buttsso dumb they believegoing home americans had it with u
 i think marijuana is just natures way of sayin hi
 cases of corona and mild marijuana
 my balls are sticking together every time i walk but anyways im trying to find a blue lightbulb amp i cant dis y arcee should not smoke
 niggas in br smoke weed   flex on insta   rap   wanna be inna cliquegang   dickride   or diss or down ah nigga name. 
 yall look its buttered weed  @marieeee @waffeltripper @spiritofbeauty @salutexnicole 
 just stick to the weeds man 
 surprising my parents sunday. the robinsons are going to see smokey robinson. shhhhhhhh  via @youtube
 i dont smoke weedlil liar boat 
 2 am smoke sesh w rhett lol its lit
 lets smoke sum ga
 morning @kronickittens im curious about young sexy little kittens such as yourself would you appreciate naughty who showed canadian weed
 this is some good ass weed yall. whoever jnaija got served from today hmllllll pls  
 yooooo i miss smoking weed
 shes my soulmate amp best friend. with this tweet my love i send. shes the air i breath. shes the hope i need. she my flower in the weeds
 randy what is that gary weed tea randy with jack
 @bratfaerie smoke all the weed instead trust me
 pick me up and ill smoke you out
 6 in the morning n im still awake. guess its a good time to smoke.
 @elijahdaniel i want to invent weed candles that give a light contact high lol. dank pumpkin spice will be the first scent. lol i can dream.
 all vegan  holistic and delicious this is that ganja lifestyle frist you got the have that pif 
 its a mood that you smoke. 
 i get over shit ... then smoke amp start thinking bout it amp get mad all over again lmao
 me ...but its my last nug..  inner me quite trippin man and smoke that shit 
 they not smoking no weed 
 with more than an acre  the  of the granular weed and feed has definitely kept me saying  look pretty little flowers @ericaivy13
 @torontofire among the smoldering smoke hours into an early morning fire in a commercial bldg near keele st. and s 
 fortunate youth  we should smoke on stage at one love cali fest @ the queen mary 
 pit stop on the way to sedro woolley. @ smokey point rest area n in arlington  wa 
 weekend smokey black rubber alienpup. @skintightrubber catsuit @blackstylelatex pup hood amp gloves 
 im really and truly ready to be lit af tonight and if i get to smoke too its ov
 who can spark ill spatk back around 3  waitin for sum breadd. im tryin smokee
 @pitathepan i got weed you want sum
 flower fountain. well  i guess its more of a weed... letsride howtohouston beautiful 
 that truck that gave black smoke look sexy af 
 im trying to smoke a joint with @mileycyrus
 sea smoke today...on casco baywinterfrigidtemps cascobay portandmaine iloveportlandmaine 
 i do not smoke  stop asking me
 maddy holding her birthday cake for pictures  grandma are those marijuana candles  maddy spits all over her cake laughing
 been wanting this for a while. nice smoke flavor but not too heavy with ... smoked wheat erryday 
 guess ill go to smokey bones
 never come to a smoke sesh empty handed   if you have the audacity to hit another niggas blunt you better have one of your own to match
 greasy hulk and greasy smokey amethyst tubing in stock. hulk is 150lb  amethyst is 100lb. 
 jus gone stay to myself smoke my  weed amp evaluate sum ppl in my life for now 
 tryna get lit amp listen to smokee robinson all the way thru
 tonights snapchat takeover is with smoke @ashhrom from phi sig... follow us buffsbarstool and see it all go do 
 we finna smoke brooks lungs loose
 in case cops are letting their teenagers smoke form the evidence room.
 @raneshook  tobor the 8th man got his energy from these power cigarette he would smoke
 @sweetlysmiles @aniquery1 @puddsta77 @jzblue @goldie5535 nice smoke rings..
 lyft driver what yall got planed me just smoke late driver hotbox my car 
 a bitch that smoke cigarettes likely to spit in your mouth and choke you back while yall fuck
 i had to stop smoking weed because that shit kept me from cumming.
 perhaps its  time to try growing a marijuana plant...just in case.
 that jawns been marinating  its got the smokey taste  @thekiddoingwork
 well done. super balanced.  just a hint of smoke  like a rauchbie... sigis wild horse buck beer 
 dad im experimenting with the meat smoker  its a new recipe. me what is your independent variable do you have good controls
 out to eat with my fav. lil person @ salt  smoke  @saltandsmokestl in saint louis  mo 
 overhead in walmart i burnt my eyelashes off smoking weed once love greeneville
 thinking about going to see hippie sabotage and thinking about getting meet and greet pass for chain smokers
 so i guess i have some weeding to do. 
 guess ill smoke one by my lonesome.
 friday feb 17th hip hop performance  smoke out fridaynightsesh  ive invested into independent 
 i just fixed my own smoke detector... without calling my mom. i guess you could say im the ultimate adult.
 holy hell this is smokey af. just got a taste  no way i wo... double bastard bigger longer uncut 
 ben and julias weeding is lit at.
 smoking weed all i be thinking about is getting money fuck that other shit and coolen
 you still selling weed in 2017 and havent moved up to crack you need to stop 
 if you cant smoke and get your shit done you probably shouldnt be smoking
 who trying to chill and smoke
 smoke a lil weed but her shit togetha
 tough swedes smoked sprats tough 
 might get out early  time to smoke my brains out
 makethesopranosnice  getting whacked really just means helping the gardener with the weeds. @elizabeththemob 
 ill smoke you out               
 uh anyone elses phone suddenly start beeping like a smoke alarm
 heres to a lit tree forgottenbday @ hempstead village  new york 
 roll dat pass dat smoke dat dont choke dat
 just trying to smoke you up and buy you pizza
 @benshapiro ben needs better weed.
 shower  smoke  sleep lit
 cigarnite centralcigarlounge homies got a smoke session in with 
 our ber driver trying to buy weed from us lol
 deadass about to start swinging on the girls standing behind me blowing their cig smoke in my hair
 and have lit ass music  treats  weed  wine
 i guess ill smoke and watch a movie until i get sleepy  im glad im off tomorrow
 cigarette smoke  fresh gasoline  ac shaft. 
 @elijahdaniel @csydelko smoke me out and ill give you golden vlog content. aka my brain is a mess.
 im finna start selling weed
 reckless kush smoke gun smoke 
 ill smoke you out lol
 im the chick thatll sit on the couch  smoke  and drink a cup of henny or wine   and watch movies all night  currently
 ughh why did i drink  sm and smoke sm
 fukk it ill smoke one instead tho 
 patricks trying to convince me that smoking marijuana is just as bad as smoking cigarettes..... 
 morning smoke sesh with the squad. 
 blackberry bowl with greek yogurt and crumbled goji hemp snackers antioxidants omega3 phyto 
 smoking weed helps me not fuck up sum ppl ima continue 2 smoke till im done
 when you run out of weed and start thinking about all those times you dropped a baby nug on the carpet and just kanye shrugged.
 a lot of weed and a lot of coffee in my mornings 
 edibles are honestly the gentrification of weed
 lets smoke sum today
 whos trying to smoke
 @aniquery1 @sweetlysmiles @puddsta77 @jzblue @goldie5535 omg...its gonna be filled with smoke...ill be checking in ...
 its either consistent weed or consistent sex and considering my circumstances  mary jane all i got.
 im a motherfucking prophet  smoke a tree of knowledge
 i guess i shoulda got some or smoke some this morning cause i havent been feelin right all day
 1st on my fortyiscoming bucketlist smoke w @snoopdogg. @marthastewart can join we could swap edible recipes while watching uscfootball
 trying to smoke tonight fr. 
 forza smoke like he signed 
 stop smoking weed an get a lifetime membership
 trying to play with smoke  but its windy
 @therealspringz ill smoke you
 after trying to drink my problems away  ill choose smoking weed over it any day
 every time im trying to sleep someone calling me to come smoke with them 
 my mom thinks i smoke weed. cant have her out here lying. so guess i gotta start smoking.
 ill rather just smoke and vibe when im out   all that extra shit be out.
 smoking weeds picks you up when youre feeling down sorry thats illegal. have you tried thinking it away
 i dont smoke no more but ill gladly pearl yo shit for you 
 @mattborzillo someone else i know still smokes. thought it was you. guess not. i have bad memory
 me and my moms workers are trying to get her to eat and edible or smoke 
 @allenwest warren has smoked to the peace pipe with her indian relatives filled with weed way too many times.zapped millions of  brain cells
 im tryna shmoke sum weed
 celebrating my sos 51st with a proper smoke. 
 @etheeereal @dashromero omg thanks yall  this weed finna last me... 
 outfit idea 1 for coachella flower crown made entirely out of marijuana
 but instead im at home doing laundry rolling weed and cuddling this bottle of henny until the death of me  who wants to join. any takers 
 i smoke weed  eat yogurt
 @bsommerland holy smokes id move to canada if i could the process 
 holy smokes @faithhill amp tim mcgraw look incredible that dress is amazing 
 when shes cool af  got a killer body  face is a 10  and she smokes......... god damn kill me for not having you
 rage against the puck holy smokes this better be a lit game
 whos trying to match this weed
 removing an airpod from its charging case reminds me of removing a candy cigarette from its pack. candy cuz ive never smoked.
 hey lil mamma come hit this marijuana
 this weed got me relaxed but thinking
 working at walmart coworker hey whats your oblivion me my what him  bro do you smoke pot or not
 its like if ron weasley became a basement dweller amp all day everyday smoked a spliff and cranked 90s dance hall vinyl edsheeran grammys
 when youre trying to clear your system but smoke anyway. 
 someone match or smoke ill scoop
 in the mood to smoke backwoods and color
 just ate some weed edibles bouta be stuck 
 whos trying to smoke
 dont smoke but its lit  
 why is church not this lit all the time. holy smokes.
 why did i drink and smoke knowing damn well my black ass got work in the morning where are my anglosaxon morals
 went to get in the shower tyrone was in there  guess ill smoke before 
 tlop and views was mediocre...stop gassing them weed plates.
 this smoke sesh after practice is about to be heaven 
 i see all these young people smoke cigarettes and its wild. how dumb do you have to be to ruin your body like that at such a young age
 im so bored i might just buy a sack and smoke obamaself
 somebody come smoke the gas today im fucing lit 
 i really need someone to make this smoke detector stop beeping help
 i think i just smoked a laced blunt... heart wont stop racing and im not myself  this really is not good
 so i guess i smoke
 he smoke marlboro lights or some gay shit but the message in itself is fye. 
 eating dis weed brownie
 its 316 am and im contemplating if i should smoke of not lol
 its 316 am and im contemplating if i should smoke or not lol
 im just trying to smoke and chill with newmore people
 u betta smoke dat shit. 
 i guess ill go smoke
 in this ber amp hes a smoker   i know its tough to kick the habit  but i showered amp  cologne to smell good at work b
 gym done  oil change done  now for this laundry and clean. then smoke it out for the rest of the day
 i lost my money  my weed and my chap stick over the weekend and guess what i find just now   only my chap stick 
 nvm ill take dat back. we smoke to jamaican music too
 trying to practice my deep breathing exercises while waiting for my chiro. but theres a faint smell of weed and im feeling light headed.
 trying not to smoke on a day like this
 can anyone pick me up n smoke me out 
 whatll it be now mister mole whisper sloth in curls of smoke
 id like to thank @sarasilverman for taking the guess work out of does she smoke crack or not   
 @margokingston1 @jaketapper @mypalmbeachpost its all smoke and mirrors.
 ill let you inhale  like an atheist i dont need to smoke  old kendrick was 
 remember viral sensation the dress ha ha imagine what the dress would be like on weed
 i smoke  i drank.. im suppose to stop but i cant  
 seat way back listenin to anita baker  ridin by myself smokin weed by the acre
 who trynna smoke later ill light up
 this sfborn cannabis olive oil puts other edibles to shame 
 hemp pollinates weed  they dont make for nice neighbors. wind patterns and more need to be 
 @marissamotv @idahoonyourside absolutely ridiculous. maybe we should be able to buy marijuana and sign a statement saying we wont use it.
 if you think you cant find a way to breath  all ill ever be is the smoke to clear the sea.
 im on twitter talking shit bout this man weed but guess who just ran into the wall 
 smoking weed made me a trap queen.
 cuddling with my weed tomorrow
 when u try to stop smoking weed 
 my smoke detector wont stop beeping and i feel like phoebe in that episode of friends
 when the weed sho
 bring a blunt and you may participate on the smoke sesh
 is anyone trying to smoke blunts with @anthonyparras3 and i
 some new work from the weekend. a shoot for pot dhuile  cannabisinfused olive oil. curated set here 
 @leatherlatina does he still tell you to stop smoking weed with me
 who got them weed brownies or bookies
 who sells weed cookies or brownies
 the only bad thing about smoking weed is that you run outta weed after
 thinking bout my future as i ash the weed
 ill be satisfied with just some weed tomorrow.
 no filters smoke only
 who wants a smoke sesh 
 great things to combine w marijuana  coffee  wine
 my uncle childish  he talm bout i got you sum weed weed weed
 smoke weed but get your shit done.
 jobs need to stop testing for weed .. im sayin as long as i aint off the boat or some crack and all that other shit
 stop being so hateful and like spread positivity or some shit smoke a blunt bitch
 @neaaxo sis you smoke 
 i wish i could treat myself to a stephen king film collection and some good weed but shit happens
 why are they still trying to smuggle weed when its practically legal 
 mbv is the coffee  the dead is the weed
 the cigars making this smoke like some 87  mothafucka this is some 87
 my ra only comes to check my smoke detector when im not wearing pants
 @danielletrotta @jfcassidy  @jimutter got the the good weed 
 when you drop the weed  pick up all that shit nobudleftbehind
 in a great mood finna smoke and read my book 
 all yall tryna go d1  but all yall tryna smoke weed to be  cool    how dat sound 
 i guess ill smoke..
 gunna watch el chema  then smoke a blunt n then knock out 
 im getting high af tomorrow  weed is the only thing that loves me back.
 its all alchemy  smoke that kill or hit that gas an go...
 @yuhyuhyuh @dadbodgary @ddanielsen she mustve smoked some good cali weed before she picked out that outfit.
 fuck school i was on that time to pay bills shit 2 pounds of weed and quarter brick to the mill ticket now thats a hella flip
 no homo i smoke these 
 so is anyone trying to smoke tomorrow 
 bruh i swa weed brings out all the knowledge to my brain 
 boy yall fucked up letting me find some weed out here in the white mans land  bouta get dumb lit for no reason
 dude wanted to smoke in walmart  but you know .... laws... so he just plays with it in his mouth instead.   mhmmmm my favorite
 i just ate a weed brownie and omg 
 now im falling asleep and shes calling a cab while hes having a smoke and shes taking a drag 
 im trying to smoke tbh
 holy smokes  al leong plays a photographer in shes having a baby @moviestvnetwork
 its valentines day and i plan on smoking weed and sleeping and light crying. its a full day you see
 i hope there comes a time where weed is so normalized that they start selling it in quarter machines
 going home to some wax and some super lit weed
 i guess ill smoke alone 
 i need to stop taking weed naps fuck
 @katicavanaugh me wait why im for marijuana legalization...honest...
 fuck the weed  sis these lashes.... 
 when its valentines day and im really in my feelings but stella messages me telling me shes going to smoke me out a 
 whos tryna smoke some sherm and watch pink floyds the wall for valentines lmk ladies
 yoooooo someone smoke me out tho ahhaahhahahaj
 the marijuana is rottin the brain
 just woke up out of nowhere guess im gunna smoke a face
 @mandingo1 lmao i would smoke with you but i bet your gunna be pie
 coffee  cannabis  copenhagen and mario kart 8.
 imagine learning that your new exmilitary housemate smokes crack on a regular basis...
 shes smoke
 one day jordyn is calling me crying that alex stole her pipe   the next shes back with him calling police on ppl smoking weed love
 would say match  but its valentines day and a young man got a black heart. so ill smoke by myself
 quite a bit of smoke visible from fire near yonge and st clair 
 riding by myself smoking weed by the acre 
 just googled does kellyanne conway smoke cigarettes and no evidence that she does. so i guess being a soulless l 
 he now sits in his garage that he turned into a game room in malibu  smokes weed and kicks its with his homies all day.
 cpc said anyone had 6 or more marijuana plants must be sentenced to a minimum of 6 months. in the 21st century. how dumb is that
 ill just smoke my brain out later after class .
 its about to be some lit ass smoke sessions going on this weekend  
 at this health seminar and i randomly laughing thinking about the part jodys mom accused him of growing weed in her plants on baby boy
 ok how bout this its edible underpants but theyre weed edible underpants lol
 thick smoke and blaze engulf badminton and racquet club at yonge and st. clair torontofire 
 yall keep calling me model. like excuse me for looking good in a photo but im trying to be a cannabis doctor.
 @attn does deep inhaling mj smoke have bad effect on the lungs i cant imagine it not causing pulmonary disease over years.
 im sick but today is way too beautiful to not chain smoke ciggies on my balcony n dance to the growlers
 dea declares hemp schedule 1 lmao
 days i still refuse to believe pot smoking  weed laced powdered donut making jj deveroux is a detective
 it is so hard to find weed in texas  i hate it out here 
 bring me weed instead of roses  bring me whiskey instead of wine
 all the weed alltheweed seattle cannabis garden led lights plants instaweed weedporn 
 i dran this dunkin donuts iced coffee thing and i seriously feel high. i didnt smoke anything i feel like im trippin..
 i dran this dunkin donuts iced coffee thing and i seriously feel high. i didnt smoke anything i feel like im trippin..
 we can prevent 90 of heart disease. plantstrong diet   exercise  dont smoke  find ways to destress. 
 pls hold that licence well....i prolly just smoked weed n thinking of the next hustle in that avi 
 dad amp i are weed eating the front yard amp the public works came to pick up big plants that the neighborhood has cleared from their yards
 @10hercules10 amother brain less wonder sticks her head up...run amp get back in line to get ur brains amp stop smoking that wacky weed...moron
 on the bus to parkview. coolant smoke starts pouring in. now im standing on the side of m43 with a bunch of confused college kids.
 i am still in a very annoyed mood and im trying to smoke it away  but it doesnt seem to be helping much.
 whos trying to smoke this 11 gram blunt with me 
 when my major adviser asks why im taking physiology of cannabis while im wearing my bob marley shirt  in the pursuit of education 3
 asmr brain orgasam  make sure you have no interruptions  smoke some dank weed  i recommend a 
 @jasonmccarger @etiennetrading i think instead of peace mine should say weed   who is the guy with the stick 
 kooter is the only person ill smoke swishers with
 if you guys didnt know our periscope is lit all the time with fresh new flowers as well as all things cannabis check it out
 @jamesxanton smoke with me
 holding a drake karaoke competition in my car today  weed and coffee provided.
 on an annual basis  1 acre of hemp will produce as much fiber as 2 to 3 acres of cotton. hemp 
 @bonnierotz dear princess  simba  kovu  smokey amp patches.  hope you had a fabuuuulous valentines day  too 
 the day im trying not to smoke and everyones hitting me up to come smoke 
 measure that would allow epileptic people to be treated with oil derived from cannabis plants clears indiana senate 
 my dad got me coffee and weed for valentines day lmfaoo so littt.
 definitely was trying to see if oomf wanted to smoke w me 
 i want some weed brownies forreal.
 took a 5 hour nap to prep for my weed all nighter ... its very lit
 i just want some saucy flats and some fire weed
 bruh im the worst person on earth when i feel discouraged. i just quit everything  and smoke weed.
 really wanted to paint today but im dumb tired so ill probably just smoke a blunt and pass out on my couch 
 sb2009 new amends the smoke free illinois act. makes a technical change in a section concerning the short title. 
 let my english homie copy my homework and they smoked me out for my birthday lit lit lit
 who yall think burned the smoke house down outsiderswgn
 @ednguyen13 @xemitsellsmagic trying to find a ghost town  tumble weed gif
 @mgranville1 @lostdogs20 im smoking some weed instead
 @shethicktho smoke sum 
 need to stop smoking weed
 no i dont smoke.... but i can look sexy @ lido cabaret 
 you cant smoke with me if you not matching 
 your pregnant but you still smoke and do acid is that ok
 who tf has a smoke near garden 
 im screeching this lady on the street is offering us acid in exchange for weed. shes so gone
 @firstreality @kmb2476 @ffstoryman believe me  the last thing i would do is smoke weed  especially since its indoors.
 talk about highkey disappointment holy smokes .
 @scfireservices @media371 south st st catharines reported smoke haze in the building. fire dispatched
 @docktersteez smoke a fattie n pop one of those 
 as a weed lover i will never in my life again fw edibles again  that shit have you on a wholeeeeeeeeeeee different level
 acidwash drops today get ready for a nice lil sum to smoke to dbe goin all the way up 
 just trying to see who can pull up amp smoke 
 i smoked all my weed amp im trying to smoke lol
 pulling another all nighter  eating the ferreros my daddy got me back to back ghost whisperer  ganja 
 well i guess ill smoke
 awesome to see @orlandofiredept and @todayshow @jeffrossen out helping people with smoke alarms  way to go guys loveorlando
 i think im done smoking weed for good
 i need sum weed 
 nigga got pinto beans and construction paper with some garden weeds spread over it 
 day 25. pulling weeds makes you feel accomplished  while moving your body and easing your mind. its a way to stay resilient. dailyprotest
 its a picture of bad weed flowing around with enough seeds to start a botanical garden ... 
 who down to smoke drank pop tabs amp freak dis friday night k.b need a sexy vers bottom @kb9rawtop he all top  add hi 
 smoking on big ganja. 
 @yeezylife fuck that quit weed amp start ufc
 4 day weekend i need some lit females to make weed edibles with  drink wine  amp do makeup with 
 i wonder where they get the seeds who cares about cannabis industry when you can grow your own organic diamonds 
 confused as to why in 2017  ppl are still weird about others admitting they smoke weed 
 really wanted beef lo mein or sushi or tacos late last night. instead i got talked into smoking weed and petting dogs.
 if you trying smoke some of this  
 guess ill smoke this blunt myself
 guess ill smoke this blunt by myself
 you smoked a few ls brought a pocket knife from walmart and got fake lean and you a rapper now  okay lol
 let me smoke on this californication while i rub on your ass queen ....
 im trying but i my all my friends smoke so its harder 
 send me messages flags of faith thank u im to proud b hopeless n weed stigma ends now
 @laurenjauregui @jcolenc lmfao i wish i knew a person to buy weed off of  im a sad sponge  only got seaweedz
 i need to get me a pair of those weed pants
 i done smoked my damn brains out
 @realturnupking one of my cousins dropped some weed around the house and she ate it and was high af 
 @tdayzz  i only got my nails done to to be able to pick the weed out of the grinder
 todays live painting. whiskey  weed amp wildflowers dailyart livepainting krissywhiski @ 
 theres a particle in weed that help increase brain cells
 dosidos   im just gonna start taking a picture of all the weed i pick up 
 so i found me a new thang im not as lost as u thank.  plenty queens n my hometown all i need is weed and that drank.
 she met her match  i let her match  she lit her match  she let me smoke
 do you want the person to stop coughing or stop breathing  alcohol  weed  chloroform  and morphine.  i got lighthe 
 somebody should make weed infused starbursts gummies
 should i get this weed brownie  
 im smokin ganja... brain cells... memory loss 
 this shit ridiculous. niggas bout a be paranoid with the weed 
 im stuck wit 3 bricks amp a bag of marijuana. @fbgcasino
 when the smoke clears part 1 coming soon  maclife @ st. louis 
 this weed got us high af im over here rollin 
 ld596 new an act to promote highway safety by restricting the use of marijuana and possession of an open mariju... 
 just ate another weed brownie
 i just ate this weed brownie and forgot i gotta go work out 
 only bill walton can mix in smokey robinson and sycuan casino in the same sentence on espn cavspacers
 boys  advances to ll final with 3519 victory over hempfield. defensive contest all the way.  led all scorers with 12. landis key with 9
 i have wine and weed and im sitting on the balcony with my dog lol where my fwends @
 im trying to smoke  match it 
 yall guess what i aint smoked all day 
 bro im just now seeing when he got jammed up for smoking weed that nigga told them folks he not finna stop smoking 
 @noobsmokecombo ill be the dog. we just need a pretty boy  a pointless girl  and a nerd. also weed.
 @zoerosieee lol thats how i did it in miami  i guess ill have to reboot the ol tinder profile for weed purposes only
 is it weird that my sister  elijah and i have a group message where we send marijuana memes probs
 fuc it i want to smoke a cigarello
 fuc it i want to smoke a cigarello
 stop smoking weed and you can succeed
 @hrtablaze msn  cnn n many others blowing smoke up amer ppl a....
 im trying to smoke 
 guess ill smoke up this quarter olo since i have no whip and 0 friends
 im trying to smoke tonight i have no classes tomorrow
 sign share let american farmers grow hemp once again to create jobs and rebuild the rural economy  @sggetsocial
 walking today guy sleeping weeds looked like body wrapedup i went kick it it jumped up. scared hell outa me
 imagine lying about smoking weed like who on here are u trying to impress so badly
 who got sum weed 
 @zaynmalik @jdbzaddy and by weed you mean marijuana zayn
 making shit up about dope phenes thinking they was in love with a baby fam while yall high on weed
 study amp smoke sesh
 whos trying to smoke rn  ill swoop 
 anyone trying to kick it smoke and drink
 i guess im smoking by myself  more weed for me 
 when you can see your breathe walking outside to have a smoke  yeah im in st. louis
 a. i cant be addicted to marijuana. i use a bong  it filters all the addictive shit out
 im trying smoke a backwood and get neck at the same damn time
 @xogeorgiajones @tribeandcbj i feel you on that  ms. gajones lets smoke one and fuck about it tonight...
 way to disappoint me @fevenkay ... lol for crying out loud i thought yall were gonna tell me starbucks was serving weed with they coffee
 mix dat lean mix dat yellow wit dat purp smoke my gas amp rap my verse
 need to smoke some more motivation
 whos awake and trying to smoke
 these fools always trying to get me to smoke all damn day. boy its 10 in the morning.
 stop smoking weed and you can succeed. drphil
 ill smoke you. 
 coffee and weed is all i need
 its hard to stop smoking when you got so much school and work going on u cant help but to smoke a blunt 
 she high af you can see the smoke in the 3rd pic  
 edibles   my wine   weed  now all we need is my babys henny for our vaca 
 amount of  spent each year in harris county to prosecute misdemeanor marijuana cases exceeds 26m 
 so an ounce of weed is only a misdemeanor now harris county you might of just did sum
 i wonder if my lil sis trying smoke @only1keee 
 harris county is trying to change their marijuana law lmao its lit
 ill take the 300 and the weed 
 cant stop wont stop with the hemp seeds and spicy sauces  . any foods or ingredients you 
 humboldt county and state are still scratching their heads trying to work around marijuana tax complications 
 this administration is now trying to use some smoke and mirrors by selecting a latino. dont worry  we still see yo 
 each marijuana plant will cost 1520 gallons of water per day. i love the plant but imagine how we could use that for much better purposes
 if we ever see fullscale drug speci weed legalization at the federal level in my lifetime  im demanding reparations for every contd
 n 1960  abby weed grey left her home in st. paul  minnesota  and embarked on a trip around the 
 @sideswipebrew coffee mastermind or when im n mood 4 smoke elegant hoodlum is nice
 lowkey bouta stop smoking weed
 celebratory smoke sesh
 you need more than surgeon hands if you trying to edge yo yard with the weedeater fam.
  stop smokin weed on the bus stop.  you are in grade 9.
 everyday i see more and more people smoking weed and it warms my heart
 yooooo. i be wanting to straight up punch mfs that be on snapchat smoking  trying to look all cool amp shit but be wasting weed
 wow guess the rumors were true. sometimes when there is smoke  there is fire. good timing @newyscruggs. you amp 
 my auntie bloody for the weed brownies 
 @gallegojack yuumps that vato was doing all that shit smh smoke some later papash
 was dizzy af and feeling nauseous so i got up from the couch. saw firetrucks amp police outside  then realized there was smoke in the hallway
 no bsrt  eat greek yogurt  joan almond milk joanne hemp milk tastier vanil or original
 you up and trying to fornicate hmuhit my uvula  crk l8rlets smoke crack later rawr xdim afraid of being al 
 fena smoke and eat 
 i went from selling coke to weed to edibles and now shirts thats how you know im trying to do good in life
 so i invited my cop friend to a smoke sesh and he looked at me dumb as hell lmfaoooo
 pto today then 3 day weekend. send smoke signals if you need me  ill be in the studio producerlife
 if you ever smoke with me just know i always have the super pack no sticks or seeds in my weed bitch
 where theres smoke  theres flowers well  there will be...pardon our smoke as we manage the gardens with some sma 
 swimming under the smokestacks   latergram @ tampa electric manatee viewing center 
 its too early to smoke or sum 
 im going to go smoke some weed i am done. done arguing back to my regular tweets.
 hard to say ima stop smoking when i already got weed in ma bag 
 trying not to smoke today
 how do i do this.   hey. can i weed your garden for you for free
 imagine getting used for weed in 2017
 @hyygashi @businessinsider hey sorry but white people been matching weed long b4 this. this is matching for cucks
 who selling weed  i need it now in brooklyn
 blasting lady gaga driving down 85  smoking weed w a fishnet top. alone. iconic af if you ask me.
 @therealjuicyj and @djpaulkom is the greatest production duo of all time. when the smoke clears sixty 6  sixty 1 is proof.
 with so much going on in the cannabis world that actual research is being done with better than 
 just got done with a 5 page essay on cannabis
 @juliaioffe i think marijuana legalizationdecriminalization will be a big test case here.
 aids   smoking is worse than hiv hivpositive individuals who smoke cigarettes may be more likely to die from 
 the hemphill reservoir 2 is currently in service and has a capacity of 345 million gallons of water per day. atlwatershed valueofwater
 i just had a convo with my ex about her not liking stoner films because shes never smoke before  then saying that is a invalid argument.
 @weedwipes if you need some new music to smoke to check out this mary jane loving track. 
 @iamluviano if you need some new music to smoke to check out this mary jane loving track. 
 @herbnmusic420 if you need some new music to smoke to check out this mary jane loving track. 
 @randomqpd if you need some new music to smoke to check out this mary jane loving track. 
 @ryanowens34 if you need some new music to smoke to check out this mary jane loving track. 
 maybe its the xanax fucking with the acid  or the acid fucking with the weed  or the weed fucking with the xanax but i feel great
 got my mama thinking i smoke 
 shoved a frozen weed brownie in my moms purse while she was freakin out cleaning my apartment gooddaughteraward
 if you want your dreams back stop smoking weed
 that smoker package is the shit. damn where my bae 
 why yall cant just smoke weed all that wax n shit is so unnecessary.
 @olivianuzzi born to smoke out the leaker and guess what....we found her
 im at bogarts smokehouse  @bogartsstl1 in saint louis  mo 
 the fact that my mom could not tell the difference between dead grass from@the yard and weed
 im just trying to smoke a blunt
 lunchtime broccoli  cauliflower  carrots  honeydew  cantaloupe amp pineapple sprinkled with chia  buckwheat amp hemp s 
 @xoamyvalentine holy smokes look at that lollipop outfit. makes me wanna lick the lollipop. lol.  dont make uscwait too late amy 
 is there a chance street weed is ever laced with fentanyl  or does no one actually do that
 going to pick up wings...yall should roll up some weed me amp @wavemmlz giving yall the documentary via blckdynomite.con 
 @masterbuilt @ballparkbrand i got the smoker going this afternoon.  i got beef hotdogs  and homemade beef jerky.  looking good.  smokin
  longweekend massive line up in front of cannabis culture. edibles familydayweekend familyday
 who trying to smoke 20 blunts
 im not feeling the way this fan is trying to smoke my sweet
  quote from smokey the bear  its not lit and it better stay that way.  | aaclv @ laguna 
 the thing about the storm is that it makes it hard to walk to @jimmtron to smoke weed
 if you smoke with those 5 for 1 sticks imma stop being cool with you.
 @whattheffacts how do you eat 25 lbs of chocolate wo smoking weed
 should i buy edibles from this weed truck  
 the best ribs youll eat @ klemms smoke haus 
 sum1 smoking that dank reefer at pullman
 guess ill smoke this blunt by my self 
 @comptonmell  yall got good weed though
 @chazzzy420 imagine spilling weed in your bed
 the chemistry of a cannabis high  how thcamp8217s psychoactive properties protect the brain 
 the chemistry of a cannabis high  how thcamp8217s psychoactive properties protect the brain 
 rahyv said i should start smoking weed
 stop smoking weed 2017
 @knoxnews if ur going 2 promote free smoke detectors u might want 2 nclude website like i did n my last twt where ppl can go 2 4 more info
 ima start selling weed brownies 
 came home to a power outage .. fuck it..bout to smoke dis fat blunt in the rain life is 
 me and kam got some weed but no swisher and no way to get onewe finna make some brownies
 thats why i do not be around smoke  shit will get me sick af.
 my mama just sniffed out the weed in my bookbag...............
 regrann from 420message     can i smoke with you ms.amber looking better then ever and 
 im trying to smoke
 welp time to smoke i guess
 @nikestreetz smoke sum
 still smoked rons beemer 
 im just trying to smoke a blunt in the rain 
 rich amp smokey.  this would be great in a brownie  drinking a lpr imperial stout at @ruddickwood  
 thearsnova are kicking ass at @joesonweedst swing by @deardario up next @ joes on weed st. 
 @anamontanaa the best remedie for weed and alcohol  equals warm coffee
 like idgaf if you smoke but do that shit outside. my ass works too hard to make my home presentable
 @ryokendusky i think you hit the weed too hard
 ugh this fucking smoke detector keeps beeping guess ive gotta get a battery
 play that funky music thearsnova  @ joes on weed st. 
 @thomasresch dats a lot of weed 
 dats my table and weed  
 now thats a set ender funk yeah thearsnova   @ joes on weed st. 
 @earnknowledge the neighbors probably got tired of the weed and sniffed the snow  instead
 @princesssunicon stick that in your pipe and smoke it  nerds
 luisa needs 2 hurry n come smoke dis blunt with me
  shi always trying to get me to smoke.
 niggas is selling weed on letgo 
 me the rare times i do smoke. 
 @booferando currently i cant smoke but will in weeks
 can you smoke shrooms askingforafriend
 will i smoke this bitxh yes ...prolly fail my pissed test....
 @christianbayxxx @mickeyknoxxxx holy smokes can christian just live with yall id support that 1000 
 sorry bitch i dont deteriorate my brain cells smoking weed  youre just scum 
 its hard to light a smoke when you trying to breath
 its hard to light a smoke when you trying to breathe
 so ron got smoking cigar bosslife ion know how 2 smoke this tho  @ 
 this girl in my 1st per bought 50 worth of oregano. she thought it was weed 
 marilyns mom is trying to find a spot to smoke a cigarette and shes goes lets just do it in the bathroom 
 when i smoke with you                         ill be gone too soon                               well be on the moon  ill reach out 4 u
 when i smoke with you                         ill be gone too soon                         cause we on the moon  ill reach out for you
 when i smoke with you  ill be gone too soon                                             well bee on the he moon  ill reach out for you
 16x32 16x26 vintage indigo hemp ethnic textile decorative throw pillow case. 
 the weed gotta be laced or something bc they oss 
 i will never stop smoking weed
 @realdonaldtrump ive been hiv for 30yrs im tired of keeping my mouth shut they are selling crack amp weed everyone turns a blind eye to it
 @queenseagull thought this said weed butler at first. could you imagine a butler just for weed
 can we start rapping about strippers and weed again  not xanax and percs 
 you take me higher higher then ive ever been bae you lit my fire. lets stay up late and smoke mary jane. i want to go back to the old days
 the hardest part when all your friends smoke and you just stop smoking is figuring out what to do when theres nothing to do
 ill only smoke around him when im certain the mood is appropriately cute amp cunt. 
 the smoker package gtgt 
 when u smoke a lil too much....  kyrie irving thinks the earth is flat  
 the quietest nigga when the drama popping off gon be the last man standing when the smoke clear 
 niggas graduate high school n start selling weed...
 its about that time. trying to do a slower london broil on my lil smokey joe. @weberacademy 
 shes such a smoke show  
 holy shit st. louis @ pappys smokehouse 
 guess ill smoke this bowl outside on this beauty of a day 
 great hops. this would pair well with slow smoked brisket.... texas hop bomb 1 2016  photo
 you drink your pain reliever.  i smoke mine.  they both get the job done.
 give me a couple strong drinks  a pack of smokes and id be taking my boat in... tcmparty
 @northampacerg done with 19th century energy technology. move into the 21st century and stop pushing smoke amp mirrors and gas as progress
 my brother just gave my gmaw an edible and shes never done the weed in her life
 i woke  feeling motivated  little marijuana for the motivation 
 whos trying to smoke
 @coachdanmullen if you ever make it out to losangeles lets smoke some cigars hailstate msu  @olivacigar 
 replacing weed w coffee and its going terrible 
 getting my smoke on with some conshy type a. big hop flavor  nose. luscious hea... type a  photo
 only time i smoke out a @swishersweets is when its limited edition  nothing against em just preference 
 my son will not fall asleep and i need a smoke break. but whatevs guess ill blow later
 my smoked wings are sofa king sexy 
 @kontra402 stop smoking that shit smokey
 got the pork butt in the brine that 12 lb beauty will be smoked for about 8 or more hours tomorrow @augustacaddie
 sign this petition to stand with @fortforatlanta in demanding atl decriminalize marijuana gapol ourrevolution   
 water the flowers  stop watering the weeds. dont go back move forward. birthdaybehavior @ 
 some chick is yelling through a megaphone saying jesus loves you sunnyvale bear kings academy rn. sftu  im tryna smoke dis joint in peace
 i have the ability to grow 6 marijuana plants legally. did i just find my new hobby
 wow.... @ pappys smokehouse  @pappysmokehouse in saint louis  mo  
 who in sm tryna smoke sum tonight
 ite my spit clear i can sip n smoke again lifes graet
 did she really smoke that young  britneyeverafter
 chilling before hitting it at the smoke inn playing new tunes from the ep  angel tonight 
 lol someones smoking weed in walmart
 cash out week fi imaa buy a half to smoke too the facee. no matching shitt
 kemba is lit holy smokes.
 this bitch shes the shit because you smoke weed and go to college. 
 there is a theory that the flat earth stuff is just a smoke screen to keep people from talking about pizzagate 
 dis mf came into subway smellin like an ounce of weed... ngl i was debating on quitting my job n asking him if he wants to match
 so who trying to kick it with lale amp just smoke all night 
 whos got me on sum smoke
 @madviillainy throw in the pizza and and weed you going smoke sis
 mckendrees coach is in his 51st year coaching there. holy smoke
 just smoke  it tell it done 
 just trying to smoke and fuck
 my girlfriend singing i guess ill smoke by @onlyfuturistic and @dizzywright reminds me why i love her
 no one wants to smoke with me  damn. that sucks. guess ill smoke a bowl by myself 
 so i weeded an organic farm this morning and it was fun and beautiful and productive but my whole body hurts  
 if you dont support the legalization of marijuana but get drunk every weekend i am judging you so hard.
 plant fire lets smoke it
 whats up sexy blockedt. photo smoking weed blockedt. over 30 blockedt. lets meet up blockedt.
 @rexhuppke holy smokes. jesus done found you  boy hallelujah
 you been a real veteran  you hit with if i got sum money and sum weed im happy as a mf  
 who trying to smoke and chill
 @kendalljenner @bellahadid do yall smoke weed
 do yall have a playlist that you smoke too 
 guess who got some free weed  this little lady. 
 i ate what is probably the best meal of my life at plant food and wine in venice tonight. holy smokes.
 i wonder if @nest has tested the protect with thousands of ants  because it detects it as smoke  fyi.
 just saw an illuminated coffee shop sign and definitely thought it was a cannabis cafe for half a second 
 this man @wendavious got me dying everytime i smoke and check twitter shits always lit
 guess we gone smoke dat bitch out
 fuck it  i guess ill smoke
 i want to smoke but im not trying to do it alone 
 i have alcy and weed just trying to meet new the ppl hmu ill smoke and drink u out sfsu only
 harris county has announced a new policy for prosecuting misdemeanor marijuana cases. heres what you need to know 
 hard to see the future when its still full of smoke...  justiceleagueaction
 morning smoke sesh 
 bless anyone who has to talk to me before i have my coffee and smoke in the morning ... i am nasty before that
 pike early this morning isp arrested a 20 yo ferdinand man for dui. stopped in otwell for speeding. under the influence of marijuana.
 harris county has announced a new policy for prosecuting misdemeanor marijuana cases. heres what you need to know 
 ab1606 new edible marijuana products. 
 cleaning up the twitter feed is like weeding out a garden  now refreshed.
 morning smoke
 bwahaha the same one @kellyannepolls smoked during the bowling green massacre.  
 coffee weed music to start the day
 @reliablesources 1984 how much crack do you smoke before your sunday morning powwow stop crying and manup fake news maga dts
 so far sub zero  cyber sub zero  and smoke are my characters that i got down easily  takeda is next  and then idk go back to kung lao mkx
 imma create a lighter with a bottom that comes off and you can store weed in it let the cops check you sis
 im trying to smoke  so whats up
 i think my ppl fin let me smoke ina house now 
 ive done nothing but smoke and drink but mostly smoke all this weekend 
 yo crusin by smokey robinson is such a cool jam
 @heyimmarkus actual only in yur lifetime not mine.  we need an unopinionated  media.  we the ppl nn to weed out the opinionated ones.
 has anyone ever smoked while drinking coffee  that shit taste like black licorice.
 @newsweek i presume that is swedish weed connoisseurs trying to obtain the same delusional strength.
 trump became president way before bannon was around so stick that in your pipe and smoke it 
 liberty village  toronto @ 180 smoke vape store liberty village 
 schmokey smokeyyy 
 all ive done since i moved to texas is work and smoke  i not kid you
 survey should marijuana be
 when i wake up in a bad mood i always think even weed wont help and then i end up cookin. im wrong everytime  im in a great mood now 
 tasting some ole smokey whiskey amp shine 
 aint trying fw the weed no mo
 never will accept any judgement from someone who steals from they family to buy weed.
 madison packer picks a corner and smokes one past stock on the pp. 52 now. assisters kesselmacmillen....gophers helping a badger  weird.
 swedish government wants to know what twitler has been smoking so do i so i can smoke some freehealthcare4allusa 
 from last nights comedy smoke sesh shows festivities aye carumba cash me in space  how bow dahh edibles 
 stop smoking can save ur kids life but i guess weed is more important 
 i just gotta stop smoking weed its hard when your birthday 420
 good smoke flavor. definitely can see the flavors popping as it warms up... little betty 
 in the mood to smoke some hookah.
 refuse to watch this dick weed 
 the quietest nigga when the drama popping off gon be the last man standing when the smoke clear 
 zach n i didnt waste no time.. came back to cc  gym sesh  study sesh  and smoke sesh to end the weekend    then to do it all over again..
 didnt know tough all gorilla glue sour weed eating food an got get tje proper amount of sleep
 guess im eating soup  smoking weed  and watching movies alone on my day off. well guess i wont be alone completely.... got my dogs 
 whos down to throwbuy bud and have a smoke sesh
 i should probably stop smoking weed before doing my math homework 
 shouldnt have drank so much coffee and smoked . cant decide weather im tired or hyped af 
 you dumb stop smokin all dat weed 
 real mermaids smoke seaweed. @ polar bear plungejfk and beach. sea isle city 
 why is finding a roommate for gainesville so fucking hard they need to add  do you smoke pot to the questionnaire
 @yungstar425 lil bit...the weeds helping
 thankful for ya @ the smoke pit salisbury 
 @sarawardd @paetzzz @thenickcolletti yeah ill pick up some weed and garlic bread rn then hit up her bf for her
 shes growing like a weed omg  
 @rojamesxix smoke sum.. 
 ive only done molly and weed.
 @abauccc in the smoke dude am i trippin
 holy dryness batman   bone suckingly dry.  char  smoke ... bricks amp mortar coffee porter  photo
 who trying to smoke up 
 lmao ill do edibles but i wont smoke
 guess im not likable because i dont smoke 
 yeah but bc the wrap is so oiled.. i smoke mine w johnnywalker blue..i cant smoke it any other way.its balanced 
 @lilerkk1k ard we can smoke at my house
 these weed brownies were definitely the move man. can feel it kicking in already. my head feels numb 
 would you care for a smoke  art thats king arthur to you peasant fetch me a pig on a spit now  catitstu
 dawg the part where blu die and smokey robinson get to singing..i be done
 i cough when i smoke  i smoke dutches  no i wont stop
 nose cameo by smoke. ghey @ the dam 
 literally just wanna smoke and burry my head in a pillow how hard is that
 shit hopefully i can smoke before it starts to pour 
 work hard  play hard  love hard.  thanks for the recommendation cannabis.creature  this 
 i guess ill just smoke
 no smoking females out  match up or watch me smoke my weed ma
 guess ill smoke 
 this weed brownie finna have me bent
 my cousins over here offering my tia weed lmao... shes just like nah im okay im too old
 a dumb dilly dumb dumb girl is a huge turn off. brain cells just smoked to bits. smh
 not much of a smoker  but i need a lil sum sum to take my mind off things
 guess ill try to smoke myself into a coma
 how do ppl need weed to be happy n shit
 guess ill smoke myself out 
 arrested for sum petty ass weed smh 
 it would be cute if i had a girlfriend who would bake me a weed brownie for my birthday. shiiiiiiiit if only.
 ill smoke myself out amp never tell you when im home again z
 not tired.. guess ill smoke 20 blunts
 we went to a weed cafe today and i wish they had shit like that in edmonton
 dam im trynna smoke sum
 boogie cousins and anthony davis together in new orleans holy smoke factories 
 ill smoke you out
 fat smoke sesh with all the homies to end the night hoeeeee yup
 thank you benzos and kratom and coke and gabapentin and weed 
 @thehill swede custom a  good smoke after sex in their case nightly rapes by immagrants
 @twosmokes can i have a smoke  maaann 
 talking bout...im sleeping w a weedhead foh my face.
 smoking weed this morning @randpaul 
 @abc smoking weed this morning @randpaul 
 i love s  thank you and so to smokedhoney @dapperlabsca for this lovely package  @ los 
 who trying smoke
 ill stop smoking weed when theres no more weed to be smoked.
 when will they start calling marijuana dispensaries grass stations
 music  coffee  amp my smokes to start the day
 @khaimoney match the smoke bitch
 ill stop smoking weed when @chancetherapper signs a record deal......never 
 @brandondavispbr smoke your pot somewhere else im done trying to communicate with your deficit of brain cells.
 picked up a cordless drillimpact hammer to start raised beds. pulling weeds. repotting indoor plants. asst moving mulch and dirt. woohoo
 so i guess i smoke
 @sweetlysmiles nice nails  dam you can smoke girl
 im deadass tired of seeing yall smoking videos  we all know that u smoke weed amp blacks n shit. why record it 
 @naughtybynatur @zolarmoon gimme 10 i smoke a l with you funny af 
 new cannabis patch to treat fibromyalgia and diabetic nerve pain revealed
 is this the day i never thought i would see the liberals about the protest marijuana is legalization marijuanaprotest marijuanaslegal
 bring me weed instead of roses  bring me whiskey stead of wine
 @youamessrellb ight man if thats what it is then i guess he better start watching when he gets tackled and stop smoking weed
 roll up n smoke the quarter in one sitting. word to @wag amp @crob2351
  be a truth seeker about the cannabis plant.
 exponential hemp growout to block catastrophic climate change and to stop the war on drugs 
 chick from nevada said internationalspacestation  astronauts   consumeinhale 2 kilos of weed monthly to keep their sanity .
 its so hard being in another state with no weed man
 will say this. there is a lot of smoke around entire kings organization. 
 hes finally making healthy life changes switching from cocaine to weed.
 @mclarendante @skintightrubber @blackstylelatex so you like pewter over smokey black.
 @thepeacefulg saw ur tweet the other day about holding in smoke. its actually pointless and does more harm than go 
 why is there a kid standing on the corner of hoover holding a sign that says im the dumbass that smoked weed and got expelled
 @purplebuckeye especially if they smoke  are super obese  and not gonna change. i mean no one can tell them what to do. its tough
 trying to smoke man  all i neex is some herb
 im done smoking weed . im dying over here full court ball 
 off early time for a victory smoke sesh
 i think if more ppl started smoking indica weed 1st  that maybe theyd be less hard on weed. indica bud is so suprisingly different. 
 my weed so good she used all her quarters  
 imagine what schools would accomplish if they were more focused on helping their students succeed than on weeding them out
 choke im calling yhe weed 
 darn carnit  rey and i cannot smoke the weed because theyre allergic 
 kicking off international week of action  talking smoke free movies. ratesmokingr 
 my birth stone is brick of weed
 i guess ill sit n da hise watch movies amp smoke all day 
 anderson dam spillway looking like niagra falls today.  holy smokes  will the rain ever stop 
 the gti that i smoked on the way to the meet pulled up to my job lmfaooo round 2
 what if marijuana grew on trees shit dude wed be lit af during forest fires
 cruisin  smokey robinson 
 spartanette fundraiser5 dinner  before last bb gameincludes smoked pork loin sandwich chips dessert drink. tuesday 221 5730 swhs cafe.
 k  but for real  this weather...two major highways shut down by flooding. and the wind...holy smokes. 
 smoke a little weed  bitch im feeling dandy.
 who tryna smoke dat
 ladies gents chickens mongeese calling all kickball squads to come out and support smoke 
 @greenlightmj we blowin reefer maga
 mendeecees sis smoke mad blunts and cigs lhhnyreunion
 smoke weed eat yogurt 2011
 nothing like a little smoke sesh to clear your mind 
 if im sharing my weed w u trying to sesh w good vibes nd u start talking about ur problems u can see yo mutha fckn way out my car namsayin
 unlikelythingstosteal weeds from my yard
 when im done with your wife shell sleep well like she just smoke some indica from the garden of ezekiel.bars twd indicala infj
 im currently watching my mom smoke outside on the deck  smh
 @vanorml virginia needs to stop worrying about weed an find these missingmurdered women 
 holy smokes this is fuckin lit  
 so tell me why im sitting at him when theres a smoke sesh at a med shop on mission and lindsay st.
 not even technically my friends 21st and hes drinking crying on the couch with a broken ankle begging to smoke a cig 
 when me and my cuhz link up for the smoke sesh 
 so if you eat weed its the same as smoking it  
 islands are pre rolled using raw organic pure hemp and are also generously sprinkled with kief. check them out on y 
 i just wanna be laid up all day watching movies laughing play fighting smoking plenty weed eating wings talking but nahh everybody want aids
 @bethannyharriss me you n lexi should hangout and have a smoke sesh 
 wish i had sum weed 
 im trying not to smoke until june 
 im trying to smoke a blunt amp grub after 
 shes smoke 
 yeah. n dis nigga sayin weed is a waste of time when it helped odeeee in saving my life shit got me heated 
 performance enhancing weed 
 im in the mood to smoke which is rare lmao 
 lit a blunt and smoked it with my pops nothingbutlove 
 10 days strong of this no weed thing. its iight i guess.
 random smoke sesh with @thechristinag 
 finally done made it in east saint louis my auntie done smoke 1 000 cigs amp a cup of coffee matched every one 
 whos trying to smoke
 its 420 am and theres weed brownies in the fridge 
 i like sonic the hedge hog but why did he start smoking weed i wish sega would knock it off
 watering the weeds
 i guess ill smoke
 my smoke detector wont stop beeping and i literally want to die this is so annoying i need to sleep
 i just saw a sign that said dont be fooled marijuana is dangerous in any form but shittttt that brownie look type goooooddd
 quite the glow from horsetooth this morning....a mix of smoke and blowing dust contributing. chinook wind today 20 
 the officer involved shooting becomes a rallying cry for critics who complain about marijuana laws.@fox5atlanta 
 theres a big difference between being smoke free and nicotine free  amp researchers need to understand  difference  spike rethinknicotine
 morning from our team @ smoke sum bbq.  are you getting ready for lst
 1 most literature agrees that anyone under the age of 25 should not use marijuana. brain still developing. 
 this weekend was mad fun with the homies @therealistpon amp @jaymcnyce. good smoke  good drank  
 @thegreatkalii36 dont think anyone is bashing boris bout this its just bori parents arent as strict bout it.i wish i could smoke w my mom
 why did i smoke 6 blunts with my homies before going to sleep
 who trying to smoke and get food
 all done with my morning errands. time to drop by for a smoke @holtscigar smoking a 
 @sfrubberboi who did pup its smokey black suit from
 anyone looking for a gas mask  stop by e shop smoke shop thehoodsmokeshop 2233 n prairie creek 
 50 sea 50 weed
 i bet cast of han solo prequel smokes more weed than all the previous star wars films...even wo harrison ford there
 bitcccch im boutta start smoking blunts with chopsticks the. i wont burn my fingers and i wont smell like weed 
 lgbt  can we stop watering the weed that is this narcissistic blowhard stop watering the weed. let it die.
 when i meet @elijahdaniel and @csydelko in nyc im bringing them taco bell and weed
 i dont smoke stop asking me
 im gunna eat like shit today and smoke a lot of blunts
 theres a weed plant by ferguson and i will find that hoe
 @shelbychong can someone do a fan art of the little prince  but instead of pulling out baobab trees  hes tending weed plants 
 looks like theres a little weeding to be done in the new olive grove. @ rancho azul y oro 
 i was 15 16 paying for food n weed fr me n my homies
 i know i could never smoke. all them germs and spit n sht. ew. lol
 sun dresses are the best thing next to weed
 other than weed sun dresses are the next best thing
 i cant waitttt until i make it through all of the weed out courses and my professors stop wanting everyone to fail lolol
 finna smash like 2 weed brownies n go to work
 so i guess i smoke  i guess i smoke
 sb698 new driving under the influence alcohol and marijuana. 
 need jawns to dance on the pole at the crib tonight  cook and ill smoke you up 
 im just trying to do homework outside on campus but i think im going to die from secondhand smoke sos
 selling weed to my boys to get a lease on a porsche
 do you smoke and have ever thought about quitting head over to @ssvape for 20 off and and 
 i need to start smoking weed again
 what do you see this is my sage bowl. i was going to film the smoke billowing up but then 
 whos trying to smoke
 when the weed hits you hard  
 currently about to smoke n try to type this shit
 rappers calling weed broccoli has me dying. every verse im thinking of what im making my toddler for dinner.
 heres my dads way of asking me to smuggle him some marijuana candy  
 @worriespa weeds ep is sick brehs 
 five psychotropic meds  xanax  and weed. apparently hard to achieve orgasm on alone. anyoneupforachallenge
 devin whispers psst.. kaylin.. i got the stuff  you got the money kaylin ..what devin passes kaylin hemp seed powder
 @jazzpreacher posted that and lost 7  lol.  im trying to weed them out but they are doing the job for me.
 i need sum1 to facetime while i smoke
 finna run her some bath water roll up and smoke with my queen 
 @dwyanewade smoke mary jane knowwhatimsayin whatup nice
 i try to not buy weed on the west side of the valley  shit is taxed af over here
 if i smoke and drink more ill stop giving a fuck and in result ill stop explaining myself 
 @stonerchicc @fletcheraliyah what are you hoes doing  smoke sesh 
 my smoke alarm is dying and my dog wont stop crying 
 colorado is crafting a state certification for organic weed  merry jane 
 the closest thing you can find to organic weed in seattle 
 @flockafluffz 8 grade got expelled for sum weed shit ftp bruh
 dis aint no mid in dis blunt  yea i smoke da  4 lunch double cup dat purple fuck up my gut  600 
 as if his last shit wasnt underwhelming enough. he curreny on lean instead of weed 
 somebody smoke dat shit wassup
 @kizamiza its lit...jus make sure you got something for us to smoke lol
 im just gunna smoke at home 
 you wont hit my dm to smoke bet ill be waiting i see you.
 fuck him and his week assets weed
  smoke sum  
 brantford cannabis culture raided tuesday evening ill be at 248 colborne st. w. 10 am wed. today to show suppor 
 @rayvenchannelle ill smoke you out 
 i need to smoke sum
 whos trying to smoke
 who knew weed and coffee would be such a good combo 
 im so juiced for the future its unbelievable king smoke mansion
 he said stop smoking weed n use crack its more organic  thats why im sick huh 
 my body is telling me that i need to stop inhaling smoke  i love you marijuana  but i do not need to inhale your burned smoky remains
 and as always any mistakes remaining are my own and i take responsibility for them. this is a gratitude thread  not a smoke screen
 too bad i just have coffee and no weed 
 all i was thinking was he made this cannabis im smoking so it is true 
 comparative analysis of freshly harvested cannabis plant weight and dried cannabis plant weight warner  alford et al 
 advocates step up this morning to lobby the @mnleg to advance a healthier and smoke free generation in mn 
 legal age to start smoking weed 
 smoking weed is a habit for me...i have the means to support my habit and my lifestyle.
 hey @mspairport travelers now pouring in the craft lab from 11am3pm  @gulldambrewing hemp pilsner 
 ugh weed queen why do you do this to yourself .. you are the queen of plant things .. not the liver killer
 50 sea 50 weed
 @alexpiletska ps i mention weed and some hemp advocacy follows me. ive been sober since i got kicked out of st martins lane. maga.
 @thecooleyzone maybe its all smoke but all your theories on the radio arent helping a franchise trying to rebuild its image. please stop.
 buy me food me food  makeup amp weed and ill love you long time
 what day is better to throw a smoke sesh
 brantford police guard the cannabis culture at 248 colborne st west from patients  customers  
 change the soil biology to stop weeds from ever wanting to take root. stanglsdifference restores soil life to stop 
 got weeds understand why they grow  change environment and they will move out while your plant of choice flourishe 
 niggas be looking bad when they off pillsi hate it   stick to weed lol
 petition for safe access to medical cannabis dispensaries in collier county  sign the petition  via @change
 fear factor liquid snack challenge  including sea weed what a fabulous morning bse iloverockwallisd @palnotple 
 @benningtonshow smoke pants 
 @unsuckdcmetro ggw has been blowing smoke since its inception.
 omgggg.... i smoked so much weed the other night i just know im bout to fail this shit
 @centennialatl @jrbeta student found 1 while helping weed library shelves  motivation for others to keep working
 @jennielove lol i used to be so blind driving yall asses because of all the smoke
 bout to embark on a 5 day bday weekend. if u see me smoke me out lol
 no smoke  no mirrors  no filters just a clean fade amp natural curls.  @ franks chop shop 
 holy smokes you just killed it at my onearmchallenge thanks 4 helping share   we love see 
 people who pick alcohol over weed are weirdos 
 dats louddddd bitch i smoke.... i got a lot of dawgs dont make me sick dem on ya...
 my mom literally called me just to say hey did you know smoking weed kills your brain cells  no wonder your memory is so bad
 is that a weed flake on your pants nope  just a booger.
 gotta love reva shes devoted to the people of 8thdistrict 55 smoke detectors 
 with nmleg considering legalizing marijuana  i sat down with @kob4 @calebjameskob to discuss the economics 
 cut your own grass  dont be all in my garden messing with my flowers while weeds are growing all over yours.
 good linking up with my guy @hunterharris8 today they aint want the smoke 
 @blisstabitha @gabriellaakat hey libs stick that in your pipe and smoke it.
 @mackencw @ohitstrigga anyone online selling is a scam.  cops cant do shit for trying to buy weed.  and trying to buy aint a crime.
 im at bavarian smoke haus in new melle  mo 
 this weather has me daydreaming about pulling weeds  planting spring crops    and planning my summer garden. ward7 urbangarden
 dont believe the dea  incredibly corrupt organization on cannabis 
 @chrstnfn get a job... stop leeching off my parents... and stop smoking weed...
 working out  then heading to kfc  is the same as saying your all for that organic  lifestyle then saying... hey i need a smoke  
 @deidrene weed gummies
 @mxrritt ill smoke you up for em
 making some progress lol i have to stop dying by the smoke  
 im out here trying to plant flowers and youre planting weeds
 trying to find weed o
 @jaketapper discussed wh weed out hate project with mike pence st. louis 3.45 minutes into clip. gave him yarmulke 
  this smoke sesh finna hit once i come down there
 im making pancakes and madison deadass sprinkled weed into the batter
 starts selling weed at school
 so what did e46 of euro ensemble smoke today
 tinder is for weed connects 
 @rabbijason discussed white house weed out hate event in st. louis wmike pence  
 @jewishcleveland proposed white house weed out hate event with mike pence today in st. louis and gave him yarmulke  
 @clevejn proposed white house weed out hate event with mike pence today in st.  louis and gave him yarmulke   
 been trying not to smoke a black amp i been doing pretty damn good
 narcotics fuck with my body so much amp i cant convince my dr to stop prescribing them and giving me a medical marijuana card instead.
 in 10th grade i got expelled for allegedly selling weed brownies 
 heard god be trippin bout niggas growin weed in the garden  ill pass 
 im just trying to smoke 
 was thinking about how i wanted to be high and then weed appeared and yall think im crazy for believing in god
 @brendaanicolee study sesh brenda not smoke sesh  
 yall niggas be wiggin out lol stick to weed foo
 @krimepay had sprayed acid on me in the bathroom before nd i kinda attacked him with a weed whacker a year later lmao. good times 
 wooooooooooow dis tew much. i gotta smoke. dis. tew. much.
 i smoke to ignore all the dumb shit 
 went to smokey bones they had all u can eat tenders shit was lit
 in 8th grade i went to the office for eating a chocolate brownie ampsum1 told on me that it was a weed brownie ampthe c 
 no weed  but i do have whiskey
 nanu start building your cannabis empire today
 @smokeyrobinson hey smokey
 2am smoke sesh i guess.
 need sum new music to smoke to
 seriously  what is the recruiting process entail for fbis  antiterrorism agents interview answer buy weed  give rides  inform about isis
 @yerikac deadass i be hungry and dyckman is like you can smoke some hookah and drink some henny
  dam ma you thikka than train smoke   
 texas veterans leading the fight in cannabis legalization. senator menendez who introduced the 
 selling weed vape for 25 lmk 
 difference between me n you ... you gotta buy weed 
 @sweetlysmiles @aniquery1 @puddsta77 @jzblue @goldie5535 its a cool travelcooking show...we have a cannabis cooking show on tv here too
 all my homies smoke is organic kale and spinach
 nonfiction classifying system almost done. my weeding project has been quite the undertaking  but will be worth it. 
 our monthly know your cannabis workshop with chad from greenideasportland is today at the 
 @lyssaslounge did you ever visit the st. martin across the street from the old mozilla office in london  they had cannabis scented candles
 errytime you smoke behind @fatmacoftheswac stick gunk 
 im finna go take a smoke break while my son sleep i guess
 cant stop her  once you start. shes smoke  
 got a turbo shot in my coffee this morning and it was like i just smoked crack. why the hell are those a thing
 sign the petition to the general assembly to end cannabis prohibition in delaware  netde
 making these weed brownies
 98.6 of all skinny truck drivers smoke meth.
 @naotoosh no for cannabis i may not have to do the shrooms after all 
 @marijuanabase hi greg you an la smoker looking for people to meet up with here in town.
 this is a smokescreen to make christians shut up. trump will throw the rainbow jihad a nice sized bone that advance 
 smoking weed kills fat cells.
 our cleanse is going really well @ bogarts smokehouse 
 its a beautiful day to smoke outside with no pants on drinking coffee amp watching lost before work 
 all i need in dis life of sin is weed amp coffee
 @seanspicer over prescribing opioids lead to heroin addiction. not marijuana. lying
 @vyan1 @seanspicer i caught that as well and said to myself what does that have to do with marijuana
 linking opeoids to marijuana is nuts.
 judge lectured johnson for exposing her granddaughter to marijuana  said case was tough for him because he has gra 
 stop blowing smoke up our asses. 
 where theres smoke  there may be prescribed burns. austin water conducted prescribed burns on 60 acres today. 
 @harharbinks @seanspicer betcha the feds will use asset seizures in marijuana enforcement.
 its not the no sex part thats hard its the fact that we both smoke amp we be horny af when were high. so no smoking for me 
 they trying to make weed illegal again so they can keep the private prisons filled up.
 i can buy weed from dispensaries now. kinda lit af tbh ya
 jorge my co worker gave me a brownie and when i bit into it i noticed it was a weed brownie couldnt spit it out it was to late lol
 @theferocity @sethrogen weed is being legalized. youre paranoid af.
 @bulldoggebite weird  all i hear is ima big puss who acts tough on the internet because id get smoked in real life...
 @badlin @seanspicer yawn....  smokes her marijuana
 contact me for more information on how to start your application process for medical marijuana 
 yo mr tough guy revving your engine in your @fordmustang  i totally smoked you off the line amp i wasnt even trying in my @subaruusa turbo.
 @seanspicer youre going to go after recreational marijuana thats a priority as a registered republican i find this appalling.
 our morning sedative on warp drive coffee pot marijuana amp caffeine 
 been week i quit smoking weed we lit 
 stop smoking weed in the library damnit
 @flinnshady i guess ill just have to keep getting weed illegally...
 @danspitz i have this mag somewhere  is the a pic of @scottian holding a pack of smokes with a hot dog in it  johnny z in the background
 don q smoked young veterans
 @aniquery1 @sweetlysmiles @puddsta77 @jzblue @goldie5535 let us know when your weed comes...hope soon...
 @tbcjay yes. i guess i was just trying to say im all in for drug enforcement and personally wouldnt change marijuana laws
 the marijuana cases... they are coming.
 holy smokes its cold and windy today
 police finally make breakthrough in decadesold marijuana possession cold case
 @luckynr13 @hollyhendrix nice outfit holly i smoke too.
 buy more weedalcohol 
 so @andybeshearky @kysportsradio what if ky legis. passed the legalization of marijuana n bevin signed off would you refuse to defend it
 as trump starts crackdown on marijuana  remember when they tricked users  wiunion wipolitics milwaukee madison
 its 2017 and yall still trippin if a nigga smoke
 trying to smoke a backwood while watching the sunset whos down 
 then again smoking weed the only thing that got me to stop doing hard drugs so maybe im trippin
 someone assumes i smoke weed me 
 dat weed b having me tripppin
 @jwpetersnyt you mean he starts to smoke when hes in direct sunlight
 obama fire dea head for calling medical marijuana a joke  sign the petition  via @change
 @babz850 @nfldraftscout better try to plant weed on him
 polet hits the blunt  lets the smoke come out her mouth as shes sayin factsssssssss.. amp that is my mood all 2017
 @stockmonsterusa @seanspicer the federal marijuana tax is an endrun around the constitution to achieve illegal prohibition.
 cases of coranas amp my little marijuana
 that oh shit expression the tiger makes when it starts to smoke  
 this is why the legalization of marijuana worries me just a bit. @ german village 
 did @seanspicer try to insinuate cannabis is in any way responsible for the opioid addiction epidemic  you have to be kidding me
 she using chop sticks to smoke her blunt ...thats lit 
 bosslife lifestyle jnv habaos you never smoked this and no you cant join this club 
 this recent ep of revenge body w @khloekardashian is stigmatizing marijuana use hard. not even a weed smoker myself amp im offended.
 i think the @sleeponitband record is done. holy smokes.
 maddys mom i thought you quit smoking weed im trying to support u maddy then support me when i wanna take a dab dad stoner problems
 i should start smoking weed again 
 him sorry if im boring but im under the influence of marijuana   me 
 stop talking and lets go smokeeee
 lets stay up amp smoke that mary jane ...
 @jimenezmariah14 stop smoking weed
 driving under the influence of marijuana should have the same consequence as driving under the influence of alcohol
 imagine the smoke sessions in that hoe  
 trying to see should i smoke after i do my homework or before 
 henny amp weed is the remedy.
 guess ill have coffee and a smoke
 im jus a regular ass nigga dat likes to smoke dat fire  make beats  and drift da whip 
 @scottadamssays @cernovich it is dumb  but so is building a wall. why dont you expect it isnt sessions ardently against rec marijuana
 @dublinhempco can i smoke all of them
 obama fire dea head for calling medical marijuana a joke  sign the petition  via @change
 obama fire dea head for calling medical marijuana a joke  sign the petition  via @change
 @aaronsxl heres the thing  its a fundamental misunderstanding of cannabis. if ppl continue legislate by this noti 
 brruuhh im high af just smoked some khalifa kush @wizkhalifa this shit got me trippin ionlysmokegas khalifakush
 me donald trump is trying to take away my marijuana   nick good ive been trying to for months now   
 who is smoking weed at 9 in the morning
 is aang holding a weed or a pinecone 
 i wake up in the morningroll my weedamp count my chonieshbk @ riverdale  georgia 
 im just trying to shit in peace and they just came in our room to check our smoke alarm. its too early.
 @kylegriffin1  are tommys not gregs. greg convinces tommy to tell the truth. tommy tells mrs. brady the truthhes the smoker  not greg.
 @dbrhchn @steelepierce @aaronsxl our country has always used cannabis to racially profile  especially but not limited to  latino males.
 when i see my dealer pulling up w. my weed . 
 @danielleegnew tall order  we signed up for this b4 we arrived. me  just wanted to incarnate to eat french fries again   smoke cigs 
 ill never smoke weed with willie again
 texas is taking the high road by trying to legalize weed using the christian case  
 hb465 new industrial hemp commission create 
 @mellytheboss if u would hop inna session or match youd frickin know i smoke again i be out here off the dope all day now smh
 my prof is really trying to convince us to smoke weed 
 @modsun better meet up for an inspiration smoke sesh before we start the planning my hip 
 for the second time  brantford police raid cannabis culture at 248 colborne st west in 
 its warm af out smoke adventure is the move
 you gotta be dumb she just went into the light and let the smoke out  
 whoever is smoking weed in the bathrooms please stop
 whos trying to smoke fire 
 wish i had sum weed to smoke this morning.... im all out like a stripper booty
 @thepathfind3r stop smoking all the weed
 @dustinbschwartz i dont know what marabunta is. strain of marijuana coffee
 4 confirmed arrested at brantford cannabis culture. brittni mitchel mat ferguson  dave smith   clinton andrew 
 texas will soon allow cannabis oil production 
 still blazing  cause ganja power its so amazing
 obama fire dea head for calling medical marijuana a joke  sign the petition  via @change
 obama fire dea head for calling medical marijuana a joke  sign the petition  via @change
 the case of green earth wellness v atain specialty co included ruled out argument that insurance for marijuana biz is against public policy.
 i clicked this thinking it was about weed  
 how long do you think itll be before emillia plays i guess ill smoke on our way to charleston my bet is its playing when i get in the car
 comparing marijuana to a schedule 1 opioid is not only ignorant but its dangerous.theresistance decriminalize impeachtrump maga resist
 @ebrooksuncut i saw a billboard that had 340 i think ppl die of heroine in milw cty in 2016. 0 deaths from marijuana. not the same  imo.
 just trying to find the room for my drug test at seafield and i walked in on a marijuana intervention i rly cannot
 ff a sincere thank you to those who promote cannabis knowledge @adlersinclair @nursemaryjink @noelthasco 
 been sleeping all morning now i shall smoke me a blunt 
 i  cannabis and coffee 
 @ericneilson got it. guess we just need to cut trump in on all of this cannabis revenue then to change his mind.
 only in sonomacounty weed dating. wait are they pulling or smoking or both   
 @simplysylviaaa smoke instead
 @realdonaldtrump you shud talk you and your aides are guilty as hell..no more smokescreens..or trying to change the narrative..liar
 @seanspicer fuck u asshole way more problems cuz of alcohol than weed u will never stop people from smoking 
 why would i stop smoking weed
 marinating the shoulder roast to slow smoke it tomorrow to have 
 ill never forget the time i had a smoke sesh with my dad 
 guess who is cool and smokes weed  @steenin 
 @sullivanradio medical marijuana ruined the small town i grew up in. its a ruse  so many grow that u can see pot plants on google earth.
 if yall see any niggas selling weed in tubes they not part of are team they selling dirt of of tubes on bd 
 why do some ppl think smoking weed is exclusive hahahaha shut up just ssshhh
 i wish some pollster would have the sense 2 do an acatruth survey that only includes ppl who have obamacare. weed 
 i work hard   i smoke lots   if i like it then i copp @bbassi904
 only garden they have down there is a weed garden 
 dope smoke with the homies @0nlyliveonce @rollingstoneran
 i lose more brain cells listening to you speak than i do smoking weed
 has a bad day three diff friends offer to smoke me out mhm college
 @gopjenna im also thinking of writing them a letter concerning cannabis  how it can help people stop pain pills  etc. 
 yall be smoking some shitty ass weed lol and be thinking its gas
 i luvvvv smoking in harlem the weed is always fire
 im trying to smoke and shoot around 
 i dont smoke but this had me dyingggg i couldnt even imagine smoking w my dukes 
 my guysucks confiscated his chem dog grew woods n took away out of state mass cold hot weather good weed best tough born threw bad weather
 trying to smoke a b eat and chill and create. its really a lifestyle. zone
 smoke some weed to start your day  see if it dont change ur life
 smoking weed wait thats not a hobby.. 
 some n most b greedy weedy im not haha i prefer enlightenment sport built to please my streets saved me more like my parents traitors galow
 you wont succeed if you dont smoke weed 
 trying smoke and fucc somebody bitch
 there will be a prescribed burn on private land tomorrow off 1224a in bono fire district. youll see smoke from cleburne. fyi
 @bullsfansince5 vick would smoke randall in a 40 yard dash.
 i got my eyebrows done  i bought my daughters a scooter  and i just smoked me a facial while detoxing and taking a hot bubble bath
 clearly maga was going to go after marijuana legalization so whats the disconnect here 
 im trying to chill and smoke.. 
 psa st.louis smells like weed  @ st. louis 
 @fletcheraliyah @stonerchicc smoke sesh later 
 my dad will give me a piece of edible but wont smoke with me smh...
 just trying to smoke hookah with @liragalore thats my sis fr
 like a phoenix ill be rising up from these ashes with a super sonic wave of hulk smashes  ill be the king of major massive weed stashes. 
 cause ... yumm smokeyburgerorganic t2randomness @ smokey burger organic 
 this is why the legalization of marijuana worries me just a bit. @ german village 
 i be trying not to smoke the way i do 
 yall actually trying to be us when we smoke
 who trying to smoke.
 thinking if i should smoke it or not 
 holy smoke this boi gonna kill me   thank you z  pillowtalk bestmusicvideo iheartawards 
 start smoking. all the cool kids smoke. 
 why did i eat 3 weed brownies 
 aint nobody dine to smoke sum 
 smoking weed and counting dollar bills. the baller way lmaoooooooooo
 @dblock shit that og put me on my ass made me stop blowing i done smoke dam near every strong gas out here but that og on another level
 cases of corona and the smell of marijuana
 aaron is sleeping good af and i cant sleep at all while binge watching weeds
 the marijuana calling my name  i think im finna start back i need to 
 and out of the smoke locusts came down on the earth and were given power like that of scorpions of the earth. 
 all i need in the morning is smokes  coffee  and incense.
 i had a dream i got caught smoking weed in my dorm so im debating if this is a sign that i need to stop smoking weed in my dorm....
 stop the war against pot stop the reefer madness  someone give them a joint 
 texas dont got a medical marijuana program.. texas is behind af.
 2 months smoke free .no gum  no patch  no nothing... just a promise. anyone out there trying to quit  find a purpose and act. goodmorning
 brats and hot links stuffed readyforsaturday saturday @ klemms smoke haus 
 jaha selling weed  @kaymbxo 
 holy smokes burly calling presents no cover night @ the dickens 
 is anyone going to the edible smoke out event today
 @progteaparty @dustintmcd they got power to do right thing and its early. i feel like @seanspicer was talking anti marijuana for @cpac .
 icantrespectanyone dat smoke grabba
 morning smoke and some reggae to start the day 
 some homeless girl is holding a sign that says out of weed
 still trying to find out why the smoke machine smelled like chicken and. waffles
 pick up an oz and smoke who trying to get scooped 
 shes going to smoke all of em 
 public announcement im not smoking weed anymore.
 @aircanada b767300er touching down with some smoke at @yvrairport  planespotting aviation avgeek planes 
 is it smokey black or metallic black. @kinkengineering micro breathe hoods @skintightrubber catsuit @libidexltd 
 @jusaire then marijuana is not for him. he better stop using it
 its time to breakout the beach pants vanessa is wearing the oceanside beach pant amp smoke 
 these kids  banana pudding   @ klemms smoke haus 
 is this or is this not a weed edible business card.. 
 in the mood to smoke again 
 im at natty flat smokehouse in mineral wells  tx 
 @growing0up0girl sorry getting my  girls properly outfitted for pulling weeds
 im trynna smoke me sum fatties
 tonight will go perfect and that dress fits you perfectly. and that smoke on your breath matches me.
 my pawpaw smokes... i wonder if he would match 
 this tampa weed got me rofl.  im high af bro.
 ill just smoke by myself then
 my mom says that weed damages brain cells....
 @toffeepup @kinkengineering @skintightrubber @libidexltd hey pup the smokey black alien is on the left side.
 stop your epileptic seizures  or a young loved one  take a tablespoon of bha from marijuana  and i promise the suffering will stop forever.
 whos trying to smoke and get food
 anybody want some industrial hemp seeds to test out in their back yards technically its legal 
 i hope all you that snitched on me at faith for smoking weed that now smoke weed get drug tested monday
 @kenm215 yo bro i been searching for a float tank...how is it do you smoke before you hop in
 mydrinkon.com @ joes on weed st. 
 championship wrestling matches just begun at archbold. lights off except for spotlight on mat. smoke machine amp music going amp default at 106
 never realised until today how psychotic and emotional dog owners who smoke pot are.
 ab1244 new marijuana production of concentrated cannabis. 
 6 months ago today our son ben roy was killed by a man under marijuana influence in a speeding truck  using his cellphone who never braked.
 @seanspicer @marklustig @jeffsessions stop marijuana law bs. had 3 cancers treatments ruined my digestive system. wo scripts i get help
 you nigguhs always talk about edibles not working for you. stop gettin them shitty joints from smoke shops
 @jimutter @matttifft pretty good looking toyota all covered in smoke
 in my cannabis garden
 the only thing that helped them ease the time they had left was marijuana. no one should suffer with cancer aids ep 
 in camera double exposure of vines amp weeds. doubleexposure incamera flora plants woods forests weeds 
 my parents sitting here lecturing me about how if i dont stop smoking weed ill die i cant stop laughing
 im gunna smoke regardless lol
 these goddam fireworks are so loud @thehondaclassic yall need to chill  smoke sum
 when ppl send me weed smoking snaps its sus
 my grandma gave me 100 before i passed away to buy pants but i bought weed instead  jalaj
 my grandma gave me 100 before she passed away to buy pants but i bought weed instead  jalaj
 monk smoked gaytors like a cheap cigar 
 in vegas by the flamingo who trying to smoke 
 @holymatlin mardi gras in st louis is fun. you can walk around smoking weed in the street of the city with out cops caring.
 turns out i make very potent weed brownies. sixflagsmagicmountain magicindeed
  but always have weed... just in case. 
 i usually smoke and start stupid chants at pwg.
 ppl rly actin like someone died from 3 weed brownies..... do yall know anything about edibles
 @bodegacats rare footage of ramen cat after a weednnoodles binge    whassaaaaaap
 this dude just told me i smoke sexy................ how you do dat
 50 sea 50 weed
 @kodieshane where the smoke sesh at
 ahanaf is inhaling my secondhand smoke friendship goals
 @theurbanologist always amused by those smoke stop announcements on the city of new orleans
 whoever getting chased by da boys amp helicopters around my way blowing me yo  im just trying smoke in peace
  free smoke send me the message
 trying to smoke a hemi tonight
 im a weed plant. growing into some fire shit.
 if anyone wants to race lmk. i bet 75 ill smoke you.
 @basiiiaparker mine sells coke  xanax  molly  acid  and probably still weed but who knows at this point so yea
 so i guess i smoke
 @teslawolfen holy smokes lol  fastest ive been was 137 trying to pass somebody x3
 pulling the weeds dance   chicken dance and the observer ... shit just be lit @ titis 
 pulling the weeds dance   chicken dance and the observer ... shit just be lit @ titis 
 you ever start eating some food then stop to smoke a bowl just cause you know you will appreciate it more being high
 im just trying to smoke.
 guess ill smoke by myself and play 2k  salty
 yall i just witnessed the craziest shit  some of yall need to stop smoking weed
 featured wine  riverstar vineyards 2014 medium bodied syrah begins with a smokey nose  hits 
 where the loyal friends at smoke dat
 @deplorableyes will will smoke these liars out  eh patriot.  maga
 i refuse to smoke this weed until i scale it
 debating going to the dr but maybe ill just smoke a certain strain for my shaking instead cuzz beyond sick of iti miss top eyeliner
 i guess ill smoke 
 alright just an fyi @nickckelly is secretly gay and jenna is just a front. id still smoke him in the waters dont 
 i dont smoke stop asking me to match 
 who trying to smoke
 what started as a simple smoke sesh lasted until 6a 
 @mickjenkins smoke sum
 a bowl of weed and a cup of coffee.
 if fungus was rampant weed all b dead. is uc davis the new refer madness. how about tobaccofungus more than 1 dead. 
 dont smoke no reggie yall lame af if yall fucking with that diss 
 wow big stick baccartthegame nice flavors and good smoke thortonscoffee @ nashville  tennessee 
 well now i remember why i smoke instead of drinking 
 from now on if you got weed around me. im calling the cops
 morning smoke 
 crystals dad just got a smoker. we munched on some of his initial attempts yesterday. good flavor  but he needs better meat. @oozypoo
 what a morning weed no swishers...the heartache is real this morning lol
 everyday  i tell myself ill save a lot of money if i stop smoking weed..... all while rolling a blunt.  hopeless
 all my homies smoke big
 im having one of those days weed i need to do 34 different things and not a clear priority so its hard to just pick. i need it all done
 selling weed to my boys  so i can get a lease on the porsche
 i just ate a weed brownie...
 i ran out of weed and now im just drinking coffee trying to prevent an anxiety attack.
 @roycalbeck @dinkeldash hemp weavers get on dat shit
 i dont smoke only sip sum syrup for the pain
 dam kid i wanted to smoke but i had to hustle my whole break to smoke now im hungry
 i cant imagine having sex after just eating weed edibles. like my body was numb so i wonder how a orgasm would feel 
 honored to finally meet and share a panel with hempsteads own shelley brazley  i can listen 
 who trying to smoke this l with me
 ogs @schroederlexi21 named 2nd team wbl while @erinkaufman14 named to 3rd. the duo join hempfling and white who were 1st teamco poy picks
 my uncles son said hed give me a job in oregon watering his weed plants im on my way there rn
 only in new orleans do you see a weed van driving around trying to sell
 the cannabis industry remained silent when the media tried to smear trayvon martins character by introducing evidence of thc in his body
 tired af trying to just smoke an chill
 rookie move  not securing seized marijuana before making a quick turn to stop a suspended driver. night officer wi 
 officially going to this.  gold package   not even sure what that is.   complimentary weed 
 when the smoke clears  ill be right there... flexing on the competition... see you next 
 josh have you been smoking weed on the clock no but i should coffee in my eyes im going to a lawyer ok nevermind  yungtwilightforever
 @ssundee weed brownies 
 whos trying to smoke 
 bruh once im done helping my dad i need bout fitty blunts i aint even smoked today.
 lets smoke sum
 @1234deeee when im trying to smoke 
 walk in to see kyle in the hospital kyle hey yall got a cig or some weed  never a dull moment with him. 
 go smoke a burner... 
 taraji dat one auntie dats the youngest outta yo momma sisters. she say wuteva  cool asl  and smoke dope but wont smoke wit u until u 21.
 @titzpalmer maybe after i smoke ill explain or ill find a video lol i want all my fellow women to prosper
 i want weed brownies
 i guess cause i smoke so much the bihh thank im dumb
 @mzgreenjeans1 this budz for you @mzgreenjeans1  for your support on marijuana legalization. keep up the good work 
 should we just smoke my pants
 @wakingup2tired @yaboiroly @katyperry @billclinton @hillaryclinton @sensanders some shit and stop smoking weed all the time it dulls your
 ive smoked my last cigarette at least a hundred times i bet  i guess ill just keep quitting until it sticks.
 currently smoked out with my man 
 stop it and pass me the weed sunshine 
 my memory is horrible i needa stop smoking weed....
 just ate 2 of them weed brownies bruh... this shit dont work.
 i got traded weed and edibles for cookies i rly love my job yall
 when the weed brownie kicks in oscars 
 bought a weed brownie a little while ago and i hate a quarter  but the feeling is so great i just want to eat the w 
 im just trying smoke a bluntttttt
 congratulations viola davis she slays away with a smokey eye and metallic lip to compliment her 
  stop smoking weed in the deer stand you brotard. ready to go shoot some yotes tomorrow
 im trying to smoke with this queen 
 cereal after smoke sesh 
 shawty said you done smoked  you ate amp you deep in yo bed. nigga i see da signs  this sleep finna be a1.
 japanese aint quittin smokin  demanding mo legal spaces to smoke as they overwork themselves to death but maintain 
 smoke a little weed on my couch in the backroom hideaway
 @clevetroit @mikev2168 smoked one got super intense  really bolded the flavors. cooked retained its sweetness  polar opposites
 so whos pulling up to smoke wit us  @foreigntrashbag
 the primary objection to doing so  that the act framework doesnt exactly match the states standards  is just so much smoke. 2n
 guess ima just smoke a blunt and play watch dogs 
 is colorados homeless surge tied to marijuana legalization 
 dont stop believing plays kid in my class is that smoke on the water  me.z you need to leave.
 @lawandloubs its hard to see the ingredients but pumpkin  hemp  chia amp flax seeds  coriander  turmeric  cardamom  black pepper.
 @djenvy ll cool j diss cannabis
 matt elam got arrested this weekend with a quarter pound of marijuana. ignominious indeed. 
 quitting is going well tried to smoke a cigarette this morning and immediately put it out. so hoping no more today wannabequitter
 come smoke wme really early in the morning when everyone is still asleepamp we have the world to ourselves for a lit 
 guess ill smoke and just lay around 
 closed report at intersection of harvard st amp walk hill st  mattapan  case resolved. weeds 
 @quiteheavenly or ill smoke another blunt lmao
 @fox34 that weed brownie got me off the hook
 meet me in colorado .. apparel  fun food performances  love and most of all cannabis 
 when yo weed match your gar paccs
 @inkybad her dumb ass boutta smoke
 @originalfloww ahah i see u homie smoke dat bitch for the kid
 @freeyourmindkid shell be relatively safe according to @aclu report war on marijuana in bampw 
 just trying to smoke a couple early morning blunts
 two types of ppl maintainers and those who run into the fire when the shtf  @katcoleatl shes a smoke jumper cunagac
 rantfortoday my brothers amp sisters amp all of you fellow patriots  weeds will flourish at any time that we fail to duly attend to our gardens
 @maxdus be consuming is chow mein  and the only weed you should have are the ones in your garden
 @chrisparente for weeders it depends on the marajona strand. sativa stands gives you more energy then coffee but indaca is the inthe couch
 finna smoke this blunt and maybe itll stop
 this elephant ate 3 marijuana plants. 
 ill smoke you out 
 stop calling the wildflowers weeds. 
 im trying get some weed shit amp a hamburger amp fries
 drinking an i only smoke after sex by @hoofheartedbrew @ hop yard 62  
 @melaaaloser @eamessej what yall doing tomorrow  we can catch a smoke sesh lol
 my air bnb host is trying to accuse me of smoking weed in her house and wants to charge me 266 for extensive cleaning.
 @hardknock035 @soundcloud nd ibeen thinking too g you nd dis na @ykwildend willl smoke some shit on larry hoover nigga nbs
 stellar performance from a music icon at the van wezel  smokey robinson 
 this car randomly stops in front of nessa thinking she was gonna cuss so much  she yells pussy money weed 
 @russelled cannot stop  ill see you july 15th at windy city smokeout cannot wait 
 i need my braids done friday morning  ill smoke you out  who down
 i get in such a good mood when im bout to smoke
 why am i always the one that smokes ppl out skkkrt.
 @theellenshow @ellentube  please helpvisit our go fund me for my wife whos stage 4 brain bone  lung. never smoked 
 how dare @danpabon support a felony cannabis bill after his dui last year that is dangerous  unlike growing 13 pot plants. shame
 smoke smoke smoke dat weed 
 lmao @caraca when we smoked in the abandoned house next door @sweenswag  
 who all believes if a mother is smoking weed and nursing it effects the baby.
 im trying to smokeeeeeeee already dammmmmmmm
 @nmaestas smoke then sv will give marginally better flavor.
 im trying smoke whatever you smoking 
 i have to start putting weed in my budget. its that serious
 trying to smoke outside in nyc and getting yelled at everywhere i go. guess ill die 
 when you plant shit seeds you get shit weeds
 and i still got a 3.7 gpa too.we smoke but that doesnt mean our brain is foggy.. 
 @daiconrad @fmriguy @braddjaffy i dont really care. i just hate carson. im trying to stay outta weeds. no non libsprogressives care
 ill never smoke weed with willie again 
 @rajtrxxp22 @irokxx hell nah the matrix is the best trilogy ever made  both of yall are nerds and smoke dog booboo.
 trippin this shit smokes you 
 im rlly just so happy weed exists bc its the only thing that makes all the shitty shit i go thru bearable
 its dangerous to stop smoking weed
 @jezabeejohnson there better be weed brownies at this wedding.
 im trying to put down the cannabis n pick up a book  start this essay study for this psych exam go for a run suck baes d etc..
 so i just smoked a bowl in the hopes of napping a little before pulling this all nighter but this weed deadass just woke me up. shook
 stop smoking weed 
 @fatmacoftheswac smoke up
 bitches on my tl are really trying to justify smoking weed while pregnant  sick 
 babe imma stop smoking weed at 12 tonight  mike well duh youll be sleeping 
 @dianabarakattt marijuana kills brain cells and makes you dumb cigarettes just make you look dope and smell good
 guess ill roll up amp smoke some mo dope
 what weed are yall smoking... 
 smoke weed and eat shrooms until everything makes sense myrecipeforsuccess
 tried to casually work out n all the equipment was bein used   i guess ill just smoke a blunt
 alyssa has drugs on her tits amp shes trying real hard not to smoke them  @lyssrenee07
 obama fire dea head for calling medical marijuana a joke  sign the petition  via @change
 @brenhaas a5 start by pulling those darn weeds. warm winter in zone 8 gardenchat 
 awkwardly standing here while people are smoking weed.
 @rowzayischillin or smoke too hard then ill get the munchies.lmao
 satan smokes high grade 
 man weed be having me dizzy and paranoid 
 mom madi  have you been smoking weed me yah y momsnitches to dad dadlooking pissed you better start bringin some of that shit home
 ppl didnt see dictator hitler amp his handlers 4 what they were 4 yrs b4 1939.a difference wdjt hitler used medical weed amp coke.djt is clean
 and my hoes like queens but we smoke like kings
 some people get paranoid smoking weed or doing lsd. but donald trump gets paranoid  being alive i know because i am secretly recording him
 my mom just offered me weed for my migraine and agreed to make me a pot brownie someday im laughing so hard
 well im about to be gone  smoked this blunt and ate an edible . gn twit
 brother you coming down for more ill see you at smokes tomorrow 
 who trying to smoke 
 i just ate a edible this is me now this was not weed 
 @shanevader i read the article as she said that they were immigrants at first. shes quite dumb  and thinks weed kills people.
 lets have a virtual smoke sesh 
 the influence weed has on ppl is so unbelievable
 smoking weed is like eating rocks... its from the earth man
 she smoke more than me  i gotta plant the seed  plant the seed  @sacharobotti
 guess ill smoke my last blunt solo 
 my power went off and my smoke alarm wont stop chirping  i cannot sleep wout a fan on  and my snake needs her light bulb  cool
 too much sea weed ill pray for you pb pier 
 im going to stop smoking weed. 
 im trying to smoke some weed 
 ladder @iafflocal86 on 4th st. with smoke in wall. peeling off bricks. 
 smoking weed out of swishers or any stick  is gross as shit b..bongsdabsamppapers
 the difference between a flower and a weed is judgment
 is someone wants to smoke tomorrow morngin maybe early  you sure welcome to join me just hit my line and bring a nice coffee or refreshment
 allergies are kicking my ass  amp this smoke isnt helping.
 the worst part about befriending niggas dat smoke alot is they act high without being high. just doing dumb ass shit
 keep my weed organic son  
 closed tree pruning report at 19 potosi st  dorchester  case resolved. weeds cut down. 
 my friend argues this stuff is a weed. but its tough amp resilient amp has grown where others have failed. might just 
 match me lets smoke big dro
 closed report at 140 warren st  1  roxbury  case resolved. weeds were cut and cleaned up al 
 @manisitake instead of golfing  my pastimes are butterfly catching  fishing  and pulling weeds
 a little concerning to see plumes of black smoke in the airport background.... @ dallas fort 
 the age of consent  getting a drivers lisence  drinking alcohol  smoking recreational marijuana  and many more is below 25. @jackyholyoake
 i would fucking burn my eyelashes off trying to smoke out of a strawberry  
 all i see on my tl is sucking dick and smoking weed.
 i only smoke with destinyy  fuck yall
 @thatkevinsmith @gbealionare96 @walmart @yogahosers im done digging through dumpsters. weed is legal in ca im buying a sack
 @allisonmbeckler @dcmj2014 calling on people to smoke out district offices of members on 420  congress not in session until 424
 this is all a smoke screen.  this shit sandwich gets signed by monday 
 if you live in a state with medicinalrecreational marijuana you have no idea how hard it is to watch yall enjoying all the edibles. sucks
 do you  our mojo smoked chicken sandwich eatwell ... our marinated gerberchicken is going 
 @whtegrlinacrowd well  the counterfeiters got away. i guess you could say the case went...up in smoke everyone looks at nelly
 as far as i know we were supposed to be investing in marijuana farms there ...mass production 4making extremely low cost affordable edibles
 way before smoke  fuck it ill do it myself
 theme parks is a very expensive hobby but better than buy alcohol and weed
 i smoked away my brain  i think im going dumb cocaine up on my gums  i think theyre going numb
 @mags0908 @akakatie1 harder for smokers now  most people dont want to be around  not allowed in cafes  etc. here
 i guess ill just smoke more
 i wont see isaac on the outside for another decade. imagine what it will be like when we smoke up when he gets out 
 im at bogarts smokehouse  @bogartsstl1 in saint louis  mo 
 @enriquemenaa9 @yeseniastrip11 @clari5187 im going to pick all of yall up tonight so yall can watch me smoke
 if pryor gets signed myles garrett at 1 12 for jimmy g josh gordon stops smoking weed   
 dragonball z amp weed smoke 
 y is purslane a trendy ingredient its a weed
 worcester has smoke showing from 153 stafford st.
 my makeup came out bomb af my outfit is bomb af my hair and my brows look good af and i have a blunt that needs to be smoked. good day off
 holding her hand her hand holding mineour coats both smell of smoke  whisky and wineas we fill up our lungs with the cold air of the night
 alcohol without the hangover is marijuana. case closed.
 @aron80hall my memory period is a1 and i smoke gas staywoke
 i wish my family would stop smoking my weed
 1111111111111111111906 congrats young brother celebratory cigar smoke at aera indeed 
 when the weed hits you hard 
 rg3 and kessler is not weeden or campbell. rg3 is inaccurate and cant read defenses and kessler doesnt throw the 
 i like marijuana brownies too. 
 john w turk jr power plant 2012 is a 609 mw  coal plant in hempstead county  ar 33.65 93.812 
 why has there been so much debate on my tl about weed lowering ppl iq or pregnant women smoking
  dis sound smokey 
 @bidyanun @smp0711 oh  i know. i just find it hypocritical and hilarious. look there is no conclusive evidence  but plenty of smoke.
 lmfao mood minus the weed 
 desperately trying to fit all this weed in this dutch its not working
 my flight would get delayed when im trying to see my boyfriend and smoke finally 
 kind of in the mood for a hike up to the cross and having a lil smoke sesh
 fran is about smoke deshayla dumb ass for doing that nasty shit bgc17
 .@ac360 @andersoncooper cnn  the smoke i see seems like more than just evidence of a crime  i smell evidence of treason  no  seriously
 @marighee man buy the weed we smoking it and then im buying our food stop tweakin
 tell congress to let states decide their own marijuana policies  sign the petition  via @change
 unexpected smoke sesh are my favorite
 hey bout to smoke ya boots sis 
 sunsets amp smoke sesh 
  bro i deadass tried to smoke a cinnamon stick  
 shit ill smoke the next 20 years away 
 tell congress to let states decide their own marijuana policies  sign the petition  via @change
 theres always something to be done. breweryafterdark brewerlife @ smoke brewing company 
 thinking of trying out making ravioli with a sorta smoked shredded goat meat mix filling
 shit or get off the pot well if you dont shit you will die. so stop using marijuana. bestlifehacks
 acid rainsummer friendsjuke jam smoke break 
 meet michael  john and jacinto. three smokers of my new film high bloods. film movie talent 
 she went to google and googled do doctors prescribe weed to pregnant people now shes feeling like a big lube pan sandwich
 mixing henny and emotions add some weed its perfect potion down to earth but i swear the combination have me floatin
 @redneckbugg91 @jdo916 @bipolitics its like trying to talk to a smoker...and telling them that cigs are dangerous..its futile
 ion do dat gay ass sneak dissing shit its free smoke for anybody bitxh
 i swear if my homies start putting weed up their butts im done fw yall
 @edgarwhoo @milliondolawill ill smoke crack over that
 meet michael  john and jacinto. three smokers of my new film high bloods. film movie talent 
 @frncissdominc but walt smoked
 when they stop letting you smoke for free...... so yo black ass stop smoking 
 cruisin  smokey robinson
 im just trying to smoke 
 @marciaeddy1 @mags0908 @akakatie1 would have been hard for them to tell  everybody then smelled like smoke.
 when i say im done smoking weed yeah im done smoking my own weed 
 if he drinks 40s and smoke newport longs bitch he dangerous  run sis before he jaw your ass just because 
 ld855 engross an act to protect children from edible cannabis products 
 all i ever need is back rubs amp a smoke sesh
 on this internationalwomensday theres an easy way to weed out the sexists in your life just ctrlf internationalmensday and done.
 my tolerance for weed is so high i need to stop smoking a bit
 that smoke sesh after you eat gtgtgt
 i had a crazy day ima buy some top shelf pnw weed  3paks of swishers  and ride around my city bumbin @ludacris the red light district
 i like to smoke before i start smoking
  performance and education. on tour with smokey robinson in naples fla. 
 imm about smoke up all of homies wax if he dont come pick it up
 im really about to stop smoking weed
 if it aint marijuana you trippin
 need to stop smoking so much weed.
 way past the cias life span  time to pull the weeds  start over. way too many spooks  trying to screw american free 
 people be trying to influence me into smoking marijuana with them nope 
 @q13fox standardized traffic stops  stop racial profiling  weed out bad cops maybe that will deescalate this problem instead of blame
 if you can by your own weed and cell phones you can buy your own abortions.
 fuck weed ima stop smoking and sell clean piss 10 a ml
 bitch  that weed brownie i had yesterday was lit.
 @softncxnt you deseve some weed brownies
 i made 20 in tips yesterday n 30 selling weed i think this is the lifestyle for me...
 bitch im finna smoke dis loud and pop some champagne
 @yourstrulythedj on god lol im about to start selling weed tf
 trying so hard not to smoke before this interview 
 still a sexy smoke show of baco. elegant with a firm exit. @henryofpelham 
 ill dangle this bag of weed over the balcony  ill fucking do it.
 trying to smoke a blunt outside and mother nature just keeps giving me the mutombo finger no no no
 dea   cpd narcotics unit  and the butler county sheriffs department work together on a major marijuana seizure and 
 my bio professor opened up todays lecture by telling us that scientists are trying to create a better strain of weed lit
 university marijuana is bad for your brain1111 me your rhetoric is bad for my brain
 yo   epd stop tryna investigate people with weed amp start searching for real criminals  
 this works. @ pappys smokehouse  @pappysmokehouse in saint louis  mo 
 psa coffee goes with weed amp weed goes with coffee 
 @mchaverri ill smoke you out
 melle stranded me here w no weed  not smart . 
 i care bout the lil homies  painting  weed  beaches and tacos and deadass nothing else
 why is quitting weedd so goddamn hard
 why ppl be so secretive with they weed connects
 the newest addition to theonepoundproject  one pound of weed  this piece is for sale as well. 
 medical marijuana components terpenes 101 part 2 pinene is the flavor similar to pinetrees and 
 im trying to find our weed whacker because our weeds are whack  yo.
 curtis martin is hoopin  hes got a 3 and an athletic take to the hoop to start 2q  hempstead up 219 iahsbkb
 internationalwomensday remember that the only cannabis plants we smoke are the female ones. cannabis marijuana 
 i grew weed in my moms garden  my hebrew scriptures teacher
 i guess ill smoke
 @raschatz holy smokes. i drove through that way today. wind is brutal. trucks flipped over. hard to drive amp walk.
 diff between my man and yours he sell drugs. mine may smoke weed but he get off his ass and work.
 4a update cedar rapids kennedy executes wild turnaround  stuns dubuque  hempstead to advance to semifinal free 
 i threw qamara sweat pants on n they smell like weed 
 just got the  on sum dispensary smokes back at the crib
 @ripairbud420 maybe u should stop smoking so much weed then
 brought weed cookies on the plane. ate them. currently levitating
 im currently smoking a project 805 cubra maduro by @venturacigarco. the andullo is certainly a different flavor. smoked easy. cigars
 when the weed hits you too hard 
 wasnt no 2 for 15 for da smokers dat been around lol das some new era shit
 effects of smoke on the pulmonary system  no bueno drugedteacher making a difference in 
 we then came along way from smoking weed in your mama krib 
 smoking rapper weed and eating food and breathing.
 @ibrnews @bravemediamo @ibrbentonsmith its always about the money. this is why mnleg wants to tax my eliquid until its cheaper to smoke
 @mel156man i jus smoked too im stuck at convenient thinking 
 not trying smoke but i think im about to get cooked 
 who trying to smoke i need a smoking buddy 
 facetime once you start smoking im finna smoke too @thisguyev
 98 sea  2 weed
 i wore some weed socks to class today. my professor goes you better stop smoking that shit  its not good for you 
 smokey a5010550 adopted carsonsheltersurvivor adopting smokey has already been such a 
 i dont smoke pot. it dulls my hatred.  legend. internationalwomensday 
 ... so everybody selling weed now i see
 give me weed instead of roses  give me whiskey instead of wine  
 if yo weed man be selling stems  seeds amp shakes. he fu af. on god 
 whos trying to smoke
   im just thinking about allll the weedddddd im about taaaaa shmokeeeeee  
 stop smoking weed kee  
 @justbleedmma smoke a mean whiskey for cody mckenzie
 im just trying to smoke this bowl
 i hate when ppl smoke around my kid idgaf bout yours only mine 
 if weed is a plant then drug dealers are just florists.
 im trying really hard not to smoke as much.. ill never quit all the way
 ate a weed brownie to help me focus on my finals  ended up writing two new songs and craving taco bell. que la chingada 
 holy smokes. celtics with a 185 run to start the fourth quarter.
 its friday afternoon an weve got a full tank of gas  a quarter ounce of weed  three cases of beer  and a ten pound tank of nitrous
 whiskey  weed  and warren zevon... its the little things
 for someone who smokes a lot of like everything  jesse pinkman has really nice teeth.
 @lovepornever @matchlighta @smokingparadise @sfhotcouple @smokersexy ill smoke a cigarette with u
 who trying to smoke and chill
 i prolly smoke 3 times out of 2 months ... i done cut allll the way back
 @jinavegalopez holy smokes danny with this nxt rant 
 awake still guess ill smoke and k.o.
 @daniellebreezy @nashlifestyles agreed youre in the top 5  fo sho. you smoked it in the black dress tonight
 i guess ill smoke by myself 
 yes i can only imagine your knowledge amp insight about smoking weed after never trying it 
 yall are really that lost with yourselves you selling weed off snapchat
 in i done went through dumb ass 5 packs smoken a zip
 @weelay @mlgtarzan @ffmutex @umgonline and id rather smoke an sleep lol sounds more fun  lmk if u find new third ill give u a few
 stop playing with my emotions smokeyyyyyyyyy 
 guess ill go hit the weed
 @onthealth i normally chirp twitter ads for interrupting my feed  but im all for this one... feels great to be a former smoker. start today
 morning smoke sesh would be dope rn
 im at bavarian smoke haus in new melle  mo 
 i got homies from the 2 i got homies from the 3 i keep everything neutral im just tryna smoke a leaf
 @chillkillcrizz im trying but i dont recall  2013 was filled w a lot of weed smoke.
 holy smokes imagine if everyday was yom kippur 
 goooood morning smoke this dope yall
 i can impress them with a smoke sesh 
 alreadyspentmyrefundon food  alcohol.....and weed sadbuttrue
 @yacuriousgeorge your brother gets it  too @collinsjaidon pulling weeds wo being asked parentingdoneright  mykidsaregoodkids proudmom
 @shackts let me guess. you are going to amsterdam to smoke weed
 i think i just need to start smoking weed more often
 waiting for my seeds to be like stop smoking p like i aint growing weed
 @lufayelu im power watching weeds  so alot of the shit i am trying to say is misspelled
 toronto cops helping themselves to cannabis   raids currently happening by police
 recent work for smokey bones restaurants lifestylephotography smokeybones food people 
 guess ill buy my weed from a violence gang instead. 
 @govjventura @alllibertynews @seanspicer the molecules in marijuana seem to reduce the need of the brains receptors for opioids. yep...
 jesse ventura know whats great about more potent cannabis  its healthier.  you smoke less. alex jones ...i guess thats true...  xd
 quitting smoking weed that shit starting to get outta hand
 @loblawlawbomb outside in garden past the weed n feed on an end cap by the rakes would you like to open a credit card
 when its too windy to smoke outside ltltltltltltltlt
 ever prayed for the weed to stop coming over to ur side 
 recent work for smokey bones restaurants lifestylephotography smokeybones food people 
 recent work for smokey bones restaurants lifestylephotography smokeybones food people 
 but i am gunna smoke this weed
 matthew davis wont let me blow smoke in his ears to see if he gets high 
 @najahreid24 onlife  smoke dat shit
 someone please come shut off my smoke detector it wont stop beeping and im already past insane
 im dumb as hell when i smoke
 i shall smoke with the homies.
 holy smoke  froggies .  guess whos gonna be in the officials crosshairs after half time 
 them you trying to smoke tonight   me  @httpstwitter.comjesimeinstatus839614134421356544photo1
 them donyea you trying to smoke tonight  me 
 obama fire dea head for calling medical marijuana a joke  sign the petition  via @change
 finna smoke amp eat everything i can today  before i get dis tooth pulled in da morning 
 hold up ppl are smoking weed outdoors at the coffee bean like its nothing 
 smoking weed and kicking ass.
 henny amp weed 
 this jerk weed ryan. they have been trying to kill aca for six years. they have riddled it with bullets all that ti 
 when you run out of smokes during freeagencyfrenzy but find a pack of these in your glove compartment... 
 @woridandscience @dailycontessa then i guess we better all smoke a fat joint and relax.it has that wonderful chemical called fuckit relax
 why she playing about weed brownies 
 so i came clean to my mother about me smoking weed thinking it was the right thing to do and now i regret it..
 whos trying to smoke a blunt
 ill roll ur weed but i wont smoke
 all natural start eating these amp you will see a difference i dont get sick easy either dont need pills. smoke weed 
 i was just trying to smoke 
 going to st louis this month  who tryna kick it and smoke
 we just finished pulling weeds amp trimming the trees gotta get the yard ready for sisters bday this weekend
