 @theputseller ya.  whole thing is crazy and sort of just smoke and mirrors.
 @laflaree7 lmfaoooo dont be bro just for that i gotta pull a smoker tb out now
 @srcbocc makes me want to smoke 
 crack the window and lets smoke this endo
 i deadass be having to ask yall whats the rating of ya weed lmao
 and ion even smoke lol
 i dont smoke if it aint fuego
 really dont know how i just passed that drug test and i smoked two weeks ago
 ashley said she cool tho  but her weed aint 
 @armanaaay im prolly bout to smoke doe 
 its funny cause men get mad then go play 2k amp smoke a blunt. women get mad amp go text a nigga she knows wants to fuck her lol.
 its 2017 but you still dont fuck with niggas that smoke... you gone be one lonely bitch this year 
 i know i smoke way too much. guess im into it. all of these people worry bout their innocence.
 no weed man wanted any money today i see
 i just want to smoke 
 if you ask me to get you weed and you not my mans.... just know im taking a dime out 
 i think allot of yall smoke backwoods cause its cool smh...
 stop being like that   everybody knows you dont smoke mid... 
 all i care about is money weed and my fam 
 today my mom and i argued whether or not dope was cocaine or marijuana  then argued whether crack and cocaine were the same substance
 they dont want smoke 
 when you wanna buy weed but dont know how to roll lmao
 the way im set up ii just love weed so much   yall just dont understand   .
 i told her she damn well knows i dont smoke menthols and shes like what do toy smoke  27s...  ok so u do know what i smoke  good
 i told her she damn well knows i dont smoke menthols and shes like what do you smoke  27s...  ok so u do know what i smoke  good
 @lluvisss gosh at least smoke a bowl too
 cant stress it enough. weed out the bad  harvest in the good.  
 i dont ever smoke but i could really use a blunt lol
 me i luv not smoking weed everyday i feel great me  after experiencing any amount of stress wheres the bowl
 you dont even smoke guy 
 @johnswish1 sell weed
 these guys dont want no smoke
 i might smoke to much but is that really a thing
 these weeds can be very political. you dont even know. stand by the environment. 
 when i was sixteen i tweeted that my goal in life was to smoke weed with tom petty lmao not much has changed
 @relaxashley im going to ohio idc i dont do weed
 boy im in colorado smokin california reefer
 @foxnews @geraldorivera  really. you have to give up the weed.
 we smoke the dumb shit and give fuck niggas the garbage
 lil nigga you dont want no smoke you dont want no cancer
 @nyrorganicjudy there are natural ways to kill weeds without hurting our environment i dont even understand why this stuff is legal
 @souljaian nigga i hope you dont ever think you good anywhere near chicago  its so much smoke 
 girls use niggas for weed alcohol food shit to do but get mad when they get used for pussy makes sense lmao
 @loca2733mc check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days 
 my ass dont even smoke weed and i need 8 blunts..
 dope smokes
 i hate when ppl ask me for a gar. does it look like i smoke
 i didnt smoke today yall   this is a step to me not smoking anymore 
 niggas i used too see get bullied in high school out here selling weed now man yall gotta do better omaha
 wanted a smart   cute girl bout her shit amp bout her future but all i be seein is girls tryna get lit   twerk   smoke hookah amp have babies 
 you can try to smoke an ounce to this.. whole i pronounce this shit.. baby bounty them tots
 i want to smoke and talk about politics
 wr smoke rapper weed
 we smoke rapper weed
 yeah because i dont smoke em mfs so nothing would be different 
 i like weed  i like being high as fuck. that shits fun. 
 idk why but its like the lamest shit ever when people post themselves smoking weed on snap or ig like youre not cool cause the shit
 much needed even tho i dont smoke anymore.... 
 it annoys me when bitches smoke weed for the first time and post it all over their story  yall dont even know the deal so chill thanks b
 ever just thought about the money you spent on weed  easily more then 25k
 this lil boy just dont know i fight boys too like free smoke for anybody 
 i be playing weed comas off as naps. lmao.
 i dont get starstruck often   but holy shit.  smokey robinson and barry gordon are sitting in the next row. dying right now.
 whats your addiction is it money is it girls is it weed
 so yall fucking for that weak ass weed  im really not shocked
 so my dream is to have a lot of parties  but we encourage not to drink  even smoke weed  and not going to these parties to fuck.
 dont say his me because you dont want people to know youre smoking weed the good kush man 
 does anyone want to smoke a quick l
 dont say his name because you dont want people to know youre buying weed. the good kush man 
 im about to go smoke  get my mind str8
 stigmabase usca   medical marijuana program in iowa faces uncertain future  in 2014  iowa lawmakers passed a 
 just ate 7 weed cookies cause fuck it why not
 yall gohead and waste yall money making weed smoothies wit yo dumbasses
 jus woke up from a weed coma im bouta b up all night like ion got this 8am
 the police just need to let these people sell and smoke their drugs in peace and go find the ones thats out here taking people lives
 him . amp if she want smoke too she can definitely hand me the lighter fuck 
 my dad gives me some gold fish im thinking oh there regular ones little did i know they taste like weed and have 95mg of thc in em lol
 the government keeps the war on weed happening because they dont want people to be enlightened and happy 
 i just want a dude who i can take naps with and smoke with lol
 if you dont like weed please keep that shit moving 
 if i buy the weed please dont tell me to not chief the blunt cause you will not be smoking .
 if you want him go get him... and nah  i dont smoke. 
 why cant i be a normal ass dude and just smoke blunts like na in a weeks time ill be smoking crack too. fuck me dude.
 i jus want to cop my dime and smoke mane is that too much to ask
 i just want money  weed and good sex. 
 i luh smokin weed  i hate advice
 niggas dont be wanting no smoke 
 niggas dont be wanting no smoke
 these girls suck way too much dick. i dont smoke with them
 swear im growing up i lowkey dont even like smoking weed anymore
 when people tell you you smoke too much  
 i spent 30 days with no marijuana...damn i feel empowered as fuck. i have the willpower. i feel like i can do anything
 i dont smoke or drink ima saint again
 i dont smoke blunts as much as i used to but lemme tell you..when i do  them girls are pearled. 
 at the bar chain smoking cigarettes and i dont even smoke  i know i should drink a little less
 i just ordered an outfit to take my mans out to smoke and eat a burger but you think i dont love you ... fohhh
 she smoken that kill kill and she shaken wen you feel real 
 i smell like weed nd ion even smoke 
 i dont wanna smoke somethin deff isnt right
 even if weed doesnt smoke  stoposcs2k17
 @aeroplane thank you. fuck. my stoner chick smokes as much as i do tho so no shlumping d
 i really dont understand how people smoke chay glasta taste in the mouth
 i been saying this  weed aint worth shit 
 you niggas know we smoke the most @manishmoskie gon roll that dope  hit me up when you gettin 
 when wooh said he dont smoke weed im like nigga we just smoke 
 @babybrundlefly thats why my bathroom smells like ganja and cigs. least im moving soon lmao
 he basically said dont smoke tobacco kids. do drugs. 
 yall ever smoke aa blunt amp feel sober but as soon as you say the words  i dont feel it  you start tripping  or just me 
 i dont play about my weed i need that shit.
 i really dont like when new rappers rap about the same thing like bro i dont wanna hear about how much weed you smoke sorry or drugs u sell
 we dont know what to do with life we smoke weed to get rid of strife we know it dont sound right @aliciagoku
 i could never smoke that much lol
 ppl that smoke all day everyday swear they got the secret formula how to pass a drug test.
 mad i smoke cigs said theyre bad for my own health  say she can never love me til i love my own self
 you dont drink coke or jack and you dont smoke 
 have u ever had a drug addict try to get u to stop smoking weed  its insulting
 how much weed is @barackobama smoking now that hes off duty
 thats why stephen a smokes crack 
 i do not smoke anybody can drug test me right now im tired of my coaches thinking i do whoever is saying that chill out
 i cant even smoke amp im about to explode real soon 
 i really dont understand why people still smoke cigarettes
 only at esu would there be a drug bust last week and some idiot is dumb enough to make an esu dispensary instagram account to sell weed
 they dont want no smoke
 damn thats not even weed 
 if my children smoke weed ama whoop they ass if they dont pass it
 i dont smoke or drink anymore but im down to hang a lang 
 i cant even smoke weed right now i just failed a drug test im sick
 if i dont get to smoke a cig with mac demarco when hes in pittsburgh ill kill myself
 ion even smoke anymore amp this bothers me  
 professor what is dopaminestudenr dope professor no... thats weed.
 why does my insulin pump smell like weed a day in the life of thomas morenoholt
 dont you stress over me baby  smoke dope
 oh youre the reason why im thinking i dont wanna smoke on these cigarettes no more
 i dont even smoke weed for probationary reason but im able to who ever around is going to get fie up of life time
 cant even tell her nothing thats going on just smoke daja im telling you youll feel better 
 i hate when weed related articles have a picture of weed but its complete boofery. at least put a picture of chronic
 i never pay for weed my plug just gave me a g my plug gave me a 3.5 for 15 my plug stay bussin my head 
 its just a habit  everyday gotta have it. all i wanna do is smoke  im a kush addict
 and frfr ion sell weed i just smoke a lot so dont try to shop wit me unless you rolling it wit me or paying 20 for da g fr
 i dont understand how women drink  smoke  or do drugs while pregnant. you arent just fucking up your body there is a baby in you
 i still dont understand how beer is legal and cannabis is not. not a big fan of either but i just dont get it. 
 @whattheffacts i was gonna say something silly like  his first word was dude. america needs legal marijuana for medicine textiles amp for fun.
 @aniitaocampo1 we dont even smoke
 not even kidding im trying to smoke a blunt with wiz khalifa at okeechobee fest
 hahaha  im conscious but i smoke too much.
 @hollyzachariah but if you smoke they fire you.priceless.
 she dont smoke cigarettes  and i dont wear cheap cologne
 like a mf ..a few ppl i want to smoke 
 because of breaking bad i sometimes feel like smoking a cigarette for no reason but i dont even smoke so idk wtf
 @dashannestokes  i  said that about the weeds in my garden.  who decided a weed from a flower just a happy moment from weeks of doom
 like whats next  whats that  whats up i just want to chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 underwater love by smoke city is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 i dont even smoke anymore and im so upset 
 @womensmarch check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days via 
 @sallykohn check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days via 
 @rtamerica check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days via 
 @stingybee just come from outside amp no im not high i didnt even smoke   bitch... 
 @funder check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days via 
 if i didnt get my bud for free i wouldnt smoke because i would waste so much money they way i smoke man
 yall know this not weed right  
 why is talking about smoking weed considered cool to some people. talking about not doing your homework cause you were high isnt cool.
 i feel like if you dont smoke you dont like him cause i dont smoke and i cant stand him 
 i dont do drugs i smoke weed 
 classic @kevinolearytv comment if youre stupid enough to smoke  i should make money on you.
 i dont really smoke hookah  
 today in sociology i explained to my professor why i smoke weed  ithaca knows whats up
 im so used to my nigga rolling big backwoods when mfs roll blunts in the session ion even smoke em 
 people who smoke cigarettes are the least considerate people ever. nobody wants to breathe in your nasty air
 stop saying nicki petty ... you bitches smoke hookah amp eat shrimp with niggas that robbed your ex
 all i want is to try the girl scout cookies strain of cannabis. is that too much to ask
 if your gonna try to get me to smoke weed obviosly you dont care about me because you dont respect my decision because of my injury
 this girl really didnt know what 420 was or what it had to do with weed.......
 i want summer to be full of concerts  days at the beach  and a fucking metric ton of weed
 i spent all that bread buying food   2 days cooking   bought two bottles and weed and nobody came w nathan like asked
 niggas b rl bagging girls cause of they money amp weed 
 i repeat dont ask me to match . im not spending no money on weed until the 20th 
 i love sonic more than weed
 smoked pork cheeks whiteoak bbq topchef cheeks @ smokehouse tavern 
 paper chasing and i cant let a single dollar get away  blowing money like weed smokeee. spend a couple bands just to make it all double back
 @seanspicier @stanbostont be careful if she asks to smoke em peace pipe. she drinks way too much fire water.
 yes amp im bougie ion smoke mid  
 i barely get along with people that smoke lmfao  if you dont smoke we not a good match
 stop saying nicki petty ... you bitches smoke hookah amp eat shrimp with niggas that robbed your ex
 ion want no girl who just wanna sit in my room and smoke all day thats shit corny
 ya know  have a few drinks  smoke a few blunts lol cause last weekend was littt at the argosy
 nurse have you ever been a smoker matt um  ive tried it once are you fucking kidding me
 im still looking at the picture saying to myself its weed 
 i dont know when some people will ever grow up and realize theres more to life than weed and your bros
 too much  and i dont fucking smoke.
 you know imma alcoholic g i dont fw weed like that
 i want a girl who smokes just as much as i do
 sheeeeeesh you got mighty quiet after getting smoked  dont talk trash in a gb and make me try lol @dellszn
 i dont like matching people   well depends on who you are. i rather smoke by myself thanks
 @realdonaldtrump please pass medical marijuana in tn. opiatesdangerous. it will benefit many people. save lives 
 i dont know how people can smoke in their car with the windows up
 bro just be pot heads in silence. i dont care how much weed you smoke.
 not even gettin smoked lmfao 
 so im not smoking for 40 days... no weed for 40 whole days.. lol.
 being raised right doesnt mean you dont drink  party  and smoke. being raised right is how you treat  people  your manners amp respect. 
 @canadianglen fed libs r cowards  trump has zippo to do with canadatrudeau will now reneg on marijuana legalization  hes afraid of trump
 if you dont know my fav wrap too smoke 80 i dont fuck with you the other 20 u chill
 i dont even smoke and this shit make me wanna smoke a pack of ports without the filter 
 you ever been conscious in a coma please dont tell my momma  this aint marijuana  i must be tripping off that dmt
 im done lol cmg dont want no smoke wit dolph
 anybody tryna smoke
 who doesnt smoke weed and wants to become my new bff 
 @producerken was just in philippines and his drug program works really well  they dont even sell shirts with weed logos anymore
 does anybody wanna hang out w me lol im literally bored as fuck. let smoke  drink  talk  play videogames  jam  i dont care
 days like these just makes me want to smoke some bud again. but im not going too
 mood   when you feel like smoking a blunt but you dont even smoke .
 mood   when you feel like smoking a blunt but you dont even smoke .
 yall dont want no smoke
 fuck a vase full of roses  she want weed and a jar
 lord have mercy i need to get some weed.
 the money i got from the bank smells like pure d weed...frfr...my cousin gonna think its trap money lol
 my dad gone say i dont want you to drink or smoke anymore until after you get outta school  made that the fuck up.
 im learning so much unnecessary shit about weed and all kinds of drugs from hanging out with these boys  help
 why do people that smoke weed always have to let you know that they smoke weed
 i dont even smoke but i need a bell rn
 if its a pill  ok. if you smoke it  fuck off pot head 
 psychedelics arent addictive drugs  thats all i gotta say lmao and marijuana is considered a psychoactive drug too so
 its so crazy how much you can smell even after just a week off cigs  and also how bad people who smoke smell  why did no one ever tell me
 people who smoke newports dont mind sharp  metal objects in their tobacco. they call that the filter. newports 
 nice ass day today cleaned a hide  made some shtuff  now i just want to smoke but no aaron you do good 
 exactly for example  mecoughs my mommhmm thats from all that weed u been smoking now yeen got no damn lungs le 
 me and my man smoke so much
 weed isnt a gateway drug. if you smoking good weed  weed is enough.
 exhale the smoke or swallow what you drinkin
 im a sensitive bitch i cant do much more than weed. i dont trust myself to try new highs.
 sex is risky. buying weed is risky. alcohol is risky. i dont need to add pills and coke to the mix thats too much. ampi live in a red state
 all my followers if yall want some free weed come to alex niggas love to get finessed here .. and be swearing they the plug 
 imma sip it till i feel it  imma smoke it till its done  i dont really give a fuck and my excuse is that im young
 do you think weed will kill my fish or get them high
 lmao people in ny so agressive   they must have boof over there or something. amp i dont even smoke. 
 my manager came with me for a drink after work and called m ou for the weed smell  told him by all means  take a hit if you want.
 i dont smoke but i love all kinds of these pieces. id collected them cause they are all pretty. 
 @berkeleyside protestors burst into cheers after barricade torn down  rocks break amazon student center. smoke fil 
 ion know what i smoked but i been sleep for hours 
 i just want to smoke a backwood and play the piano at the same fucking time
 its confirmed i smoke too much so edibles dont work for me  not even from your fav dealer fr that sucks
 i just love when my smokes dont work.....................
 i just need someone who loves to do random shit  smoke  and eat as much as i do. 
 smoking too much weed 
 @themattwilstein @va4hillary1 @presssec @realdonaldtrump         ohhhh he was blowing smoke up the african american community.  ask omarosa.
 idk why people say weed is a gateway drug. like ive never smoked and thought i wanna snort coke 
 @beavercreekbeau i know some niggas that smoke that make stupid money
 you know id smoke the whole world bout ya 
 wis dont smoke blunts tho 
 real gs smoke when we want. 
 told habibi at the smoke shop that im tryna quit smoking and he talked me out of buying a pack of cigs. this the energy i need in my life.
 smoking weed could cause you to lose weight 
 who doesnt love a good cannabis industry map thanks @cbinsights. buying a cannabis business  lets talk 
 baby girl just want to smoke a pound with trurebels do an ounce. get some dick ampamp tell her friends about it.              
 out of money  food  and weed 
 i dont really be on twitter while im high but on dope smoke 
 @breebree6 thats where my money goes. shoes  liquor  food  gas and used to be weed
 i just want to smoke a fucking blunt 
 smokin blunts and gettin head  smoke that trap out in his bed
 ion kno bout that eating shit but we can smoke 
 why dont nobody want no smoke
 if anyone ask what getting high off weed feels like tell em heaven on earth
 free smoke is available. dont niggas like free
  nah boobs are important i could care less if the bitch is smokin weed or not peer pressure is real 
 niggas not even on the level im on with this weed shit out here... my old clientele will tell you 
 i see a lot of yall postin bout smoking weed and shit on lunch be smart not everybodys yo friend now days.
 give me a bottle tho and im drinking that bitch since i dont smoke.
 how much weed do i smoke on valentines day since i dont obviously have a date
 someone robbed a medical marijuana dispensary smh. yall couldnt jus go buy a dime pack 
 some chick i know thought tea  weed lmao. i dont smoke  fam. its really just tea... 
 been focused on this money to get that weed and might hit that pussy for the night
 iunno how yall do it if you have kids amp dont smoke weed
 drinking tea makes me feel better than smoking weed ever has
 i smoke so much good i dont even have a bad side
 all a nigga want is weed and alot of more money thats it
 sometimes i just sit in my room smoke a blunt and listen to mf doom
 dont stress over me babygirl  smoke dope. 
 i smoke too much
 @juanbalanzar77 lets smoke
 like they not about to say anything about weed that i dont know lol i was once a big chiefer
 i love when people smoke with me and they are like ohhhh this is how its going down  like yeah nigga we doing drugs at this level yo
 smoking too much damn weed 
 lmaooo ion smoke 
 dont smoke 
 @dkuzla no. its not really  at least anymore   free speech might actually just be smoke amp mirrors if you look at history too heh
 @stefanibaez1 plus the weed is really good here lmao
 who wants to drink beer  listen to music  and smoke high grade marijuana
 free smoke for ery body
 they give you so much weed in brooklyn 
 yeah i smoke flavors but dont mean my weed sucks lol best believe i dont buy it if it nasty
 oh my goood  why did i drink so much and smoke so much uhhhh holy fuck
 i love god chillin making money gym shoes weed weave nails smoking being happy... vacations.. allat
 does anybody know where they make cakes. like i want henny and weed decor on the cake for willys birthday
 i want to smoke
 these women dont love me  they always see some kind of potential in me till the find out i have a working car and dont sell weed
 dont smoke 
 saaammmee  but food cause i dont smoke  
 instead of buying me 500 shoes lets drive somewhere we dont know and smoke a blunt and be corny and sing in the car and laugh 
 i dont ever just smoke with just anybody so if i smoke with you   i fucks with you 
 too much weed smoke in the air i cant breathe
 when he gets you weed even though he doesnt smoke 
 dont hit me up with the down to smoke. i dont smoke
 no one really smoke as much as i do cantrelate 
 if the first thing a guy ask you when yall start talking is if you smoke  and drink.... he just wants to  fck
 didnt go out   saved money and i dont reek of cigarette smoke 
 i mean its coo to smoke amp drink  but everyday bro bottle after bottle like damn no school work nothing
 sdp. smoke some. drink some. pop one. 
 if you dont getcho fucking tumble weed weak ass irrelevant ass shit out of here 
 dude ask me do i smoke and i said no and he still give me two cigs and say give them to the next smokers you see .. indeed
 i have a bottle and some weed hmmmmmmmmmmm
 fyi my name is ismael  i just go by ishishy my parents werent smoked out 
 on my moms ill never a touch a girl that smokes cigs anymore 
 idk i just cant smoke weed anymore .. i just think bad thoughts when im high now
 i dont smoke anymore so thats the reason i dont sleep 
 damn i aint smoked a swisher in so long  this shit dont even feel right. dutch smoke only 
 aint no way i got some weed amp tell my nigga he cant smoke.
 all i want is someone whos either down to drink or smoke with me after i come back from practice
 old heads who think there weed is straight  but its actually no better then  crack me up   indenial
 @gumpboyy i dont care what kind of drugs people do trust me but that looks like the smoke would kill an entire population
 the only reason why i prefer weed to alcohol is the hangover
 bro just gave me some weed to roll  boy dont even know im bout to backdoor with anotha one
 anyways let me smoke you out little babies
 people stay posting about their weed n blunts like anybody gives a fuck..........
 i hate when ppl ask me why i dont smoke 
 what you want some weed
 recall smokeless tobacco products sold in wisconsin may contain metal objects 
 i dont smoke as much as a lot of stoners  but i do need to chill
 good morning dont get into a strangers car even if they offer u candy and dont smoke crack today either  have a good one
 dont smoke crack anymore then 
 we just some smart kids that smoke weed...
 be having so much smoke too much on my chest
 stg swishers burn too quickly. yall wasting yall money and yall weed
 stg swishers burn too quickly. yall wasting yall money and yall weed
 @berkeleyhaas @sublime @paparoach @systemofadown @metallica @daherbmon thc smoke bombs yet my high times  legal weed arsenal... riot song2
 coffee for the wake up.. oj for the smoke.
 ion know how i can smoke  go to sleep at like 4 an still be up at 7.
 drugs ruin ur skin thats why i smoke weed
 how do you just... smoke every day how do you do that like.... can you even breathe 
 cigarette smokers would be in heaven in colorado. 4.50 for a pack of cigs here
 @rishaun dope baby smoke sumn 
 thank you @maxinewaters much of @realdonaldtrump action is smoke and mirrors attempt to stop investigatetrump  
 its not even 9am and i already want to smoke
 folks keep tryna talk down on my swishers but when i smoke with yall... yall dont say a thing lmao
 if you snort coke dont try to sell me weed...yall niggas cant be 
 oh yes i luv her like pussy money weed
 ion do crack i smoke weed 
 i really dont smoke im a good girl
 @brexkxngground sorry  i dont smoke
 if you smoke dont buy no weed for atleast a month watch how much money you save.
 somebody bring me a gar and ill smoke 2 witchu  i really dont feel like moving out this spot
 i really want to go smoke like right right now 
 i prefer purple over weed. sorry not sorry
 rhobh afterbuzz im edens spirit animal... after i smoke a joint spiritual zen
 i just want to smoke a quarter without speaking a word  just let me music do the talking
 when you only get mad cause youre the one who smells like weed  and you dont want to draw attention to yourself  
 or cereal gym smoke 2k 
 spent my whole damn advance on some fuckin weed
 i didnt even smoke smhhh 
 yo fuck these plugs and they fake weed names
 nobody ever wants to smoke with me before class now  in high school we used to have a whole squad 
 i asked if she smoke  and she told me no  im smokin up all the weed
 just cause it smell good dont mean its gon smoke good
 ask her why she dont smoke enough 
 happy birthday big boy  dont smoke too many cigs @samrichey18  
 i try to smoke less than 4 gs a day cuz i smoke tooo much g
 just want some fucking weed
 fuck change is so shitty. and then i dont have weed just fuck me up dude
 @xann1elle she dont like to smoke or drink she on her shit and got the mentality of fuck a nigga if they aint bout shit or not on they shi
 dude i smoked more weed with you than you ever bought boy sit down.
 the weed you smoking trash get a better plug 
 and ur absolutely right marijuana is a hell of a lot safer than the intense drugs docs put a lot of people on.. 
 when you smoked and you know you about to fuck some food up 
 i really want to use my smoker this weekend. please cooperate ohio weather.
 if i dont smoke i seriously cannot eat
 they dont want no smoke 
 im finally fucking free holy shit yes  this is where i would smoke a blunt but you know its day 2 of no more mota 
 @zachjmiddleton sleep 4 hours  wake up  deliver tacos and nugs for 16 hours  order some tacos and weed for yourself  rinse amp repeat
 i just want to have deep intimidate conversations about different shit  smoke ls and watch movies but all these hoes want it so go out
 shep smith after latest flynn revelations its too much lying  and too much smoke | raw story  good job @potus
 @madflavor cokes... who are these retards who put weed on the sam
 @madflavor cokes.... who are these retards who put weed on the same level as oxy.. dope.. and blow
 and yall think weed is bad 
 nyc where is the weed @ yall niggas even know what that is 
 i dont smoke no cigarettes but if i did i would smoke them with uu @fellythekid
 you can smoke that kill you can push that dope
 its impossible to have girl homies to smoke with. all girls think im trying to hit on em lol i must have a past i dont know about 
 why do people always smoke the shittiest weed at shows
 i really just want a bad bitch who i can sit up and smoke good dope with.
 people always bugging me to match or burn with them. how many times i gotta tell yall that i dont smoke
 not someone who treats weed like its dope
 egodriven people dont smoke marijuana 
 are yall watching maddow chiiiiiile. this russia stuff is too much. so much smoke. last time i saw this much smoke  my house burned down.
 no i dont drink or smoke why is that such a big surprise 
 the smoke can kill you.
 my uber driver just said hes had too much to drink and smoked too much crack should i be worried or excited
 i told this nigga match he ft me quick asf  knowing damn well i dont smoke
 only people who really know me will understand how happy i am that i get to smoke a blunt with my brother tonight
 does anybody sell weed in mansfield 
 i dont understand how people drinksmoke weed constantly when their life isnt even close to being together.
 this aint marijuana please dont tell my momma
 @loveuriah i cant smoke right now. thats why i tweeted that 
 nigggas asking why i smoke so much  yall the ones that make me want to smoke so much
 i just want a girl bestfriend that can smoke weed as much as me
 nfl handing out all the drugs.  but no weed right.  smh.
 ive been so stoned i came to stowe vt because i thought vermont had legal weed and they dont
 how the fuck are my eyes still red after like 17 fucking drops of visine... i dont even fucking smoke
 2 much lying 2 much russia and 2 much smoke yup. pretty much sums it up. 
 all the br dudes i know smoke like trains. you tryna match  you tryna go half on a g head asses ...
 i smoke a lot but i dont smoke enough
 was it 13 or 14 where i smoked that pack of spirits talking bout da future
 watching people constantly smoke cigs on a show makes me want one even though i dont like cigarettes
 people who dont smoke   yall are missing out foreallll 
 you dont even smoke your own blunt
 bitch i got what you want two bottles of patron and some killer weed. pay youre bill an give you everything you want an need.
 niggas cant do shit right. dont even know how to sell weed 
 as soon as i get money i either buy food or weed
 cocaine is a gateway drug to marijuana
 increasingly  the thing that creates bonds between me and new people i meet are a shared admiration for the copious use of medicinal weed.
 he mustve forgot what i looked like. must think im a caucasian frat boy. ill stop smoking before i pay that much for weed again.
 i used to spend 120 a week on weed. dont ask me how. i used to be stupid. desperate. bored. wanted to numb the pain.
 @paullander @humortimes @bruuucef @dylanbrody marijauna violence the issue is all smoke and fury.
 who said smoking weed makes your smarter harvard says so. 
 niggas dont want smoke. niggas bitches 
 the fact that people dont even have the self control to stop smoking weed cause its doing harm in their amazes me
 niggas really dont want no smoke tbh... it aint shit to find out wya i promise
 anna  anybody got weed throw it away  lmaooooo
 all i do is make plays and smoke alotaa weed 
 people gotta stop using do you smoke as a pick up line even if i did i could buy my own amp face it  so no i dont wanna smoke ur trash weed
 ion even have plans for spring break i just want to smoke and enjoy good company yall can have padre 
 young ass street educated trippy niggas smoking rapper weed in philadelphia hmmm.
 ion see why honestly eerbody dont smoke  it really makes life better
 @simplylucylu what if they dont smoke around you
 talk to me as i smoke lmao 
 really really want to smoke and cuddle
 i only smoke on gelato   cause i love how it taste .
 as much as i be wanting to smoke  ion even know how to roll up 
 i like.........dont smoke or drink its weird...... unlike most ppl i can only do those things when im happy
 when you have 10 tables at one time and dont even get in the weeds  thats when you know youve reached ultimate server status
 i really want to smoke some weed rn 
 weave in they head weed in they purse
 one thing ive learned working in politics is that the existence of smoke doesnt always mean theres fire.
 @warholss @icytwat boy i watched warhol beat a man up while still preforming at ham on everything you want no type of smoke
 instead of cuddling my man im about to eat a box of cereal and chain smoke tonight 
 cant ever make a save through a screen...holy smokes
 add me  ion do shit but smoke crack and send pictures of my beanie baby collection 
 sellin grams of weed  pills  lines and pints dont make you a trapper yall are goofy af
 tbt i swear weed st used to crack so hard zentra sangria hogsandhoney radiostar @ hogs 
 my hemp lotion is literally like crack to me. 
 all i want is good weed amp good sex. 
 never sell weed cause i smoke it to much
 sxsw hint. if you come here. always say you smoke cigarettes to the person with a keyboard. youll get the coolest free shit.
 i hate people who act like weed is crack
 i dont smoke bring me some liquor 
 i only smoke big dope
 no no one wants to smoke okaaaay
 i dont know why people think i smoke weed...
 i just got to cali and i want to smoke weed
 anybody down to get a drink or smoke wit me lol
 tired of you thinking you dont love your lady and want to be treated like a pawn. no king gets hotel service. its always been smoke meth.
 unless we got jobs that we actually like we ont want them shits lol.. and too many places drug test. foh. we smoke 
 i just want to smoke
 how can ppl smoke swishers  those shits are nasty woodsonly
 theres too much lying  too much smoke  and too much russia i hear you  @shepnewsteam 
 but... but weed is the drug their against 
 never sell weed cause i smoke it too much
 @larbiii lol youre doing that weeding laugh arent you 
 normal people dont smoke on the expressway
 @kayhollow  because i dont have enough weed for all that
 only thing i hate about weed is how much it makes me eat
 yessss its 2017 who cares who smokes  
 rolling weed out an ounce
 it angers me to think about all the smoke that wasnt inhaled in the world like thats so much weed that could have been put to good use
 rollin up dope she say u smoke to much   holuppp bitch u dont smoke enuff
 stigmabase usca   depression rates spike in teen smokers  todays teen smokers may have worse mental health than 
 niggas get a half a gram of weed and dont know how to act.
 @thatsmny you know how i know you smoke too much  bc ya lip is turning blacc 
 stupid bitch aint want that smoke
 even though i had a quarter ounce of left  i still got some weed from this guy in the club . this shit looks like death. miami way 
 need to smoke some dope asap
 too much smoke 
 you smoke reggie thats the shit i dont like
 my grandma cracks me up lol i have a smokers laugh because im sick 
 @clutchdagger11 oh it dont matter  got smoke  got drink and im runnin this space
 @katenape lol the best weed comes from northern california  specifically humboldt county
 and i dont even smoke weed
 y r they still drug testing for weed shit is harmless. cut it out
 i only smoke on weekend  cause im focus on weekday.
 just lifting my arm up to smoke this blunt hurt lol nigga sore like shit
 can i ft someone while i smoke i want some type of company
 slick dont wanna smoke by myself but i dont even feel like walking
 @jacobtilker just dont inject yourself with too much marijuana
 all i do is smoke woodz and count money
 good weed good drank big money mane
 this nigga smoke better be up man
 @mjtuleadya i kill pure evil no mercy i have no fear been to hell play or get smoked
 she dont even smoke just hit it once while she lit it 
 if you cant smoke a blunt with cha boy on break like i had you my dude dont ask to hit my blunt from now on frfr
 @veganyogadude @startupbulletin and then she landed in weeds covered in monsanto spray
 i dont drink smoke lean etc
 shepard smith is fed up its too much lying  too much russia  too much smoke  fridaythoughts resist
 shepard smith is fed up its too much lying  too much russia  too much smoke  fridaythoughts resist
 you dont smoke like me   you dont roll like me .. you dont even use the same rollup as me
 when cyphing with somebody its always essential to ask what rollup is do you smoke out of
 before i had money i swear that i had no life. now im getting drunk  smoking weed   and poppin pills all the time
 i dont even smoke but when i do  sarah lights my piece for me spoiled 
 who in florida sells weed  and not some 20 a g for your banana kush   jus 10 a g weed plz lol
 @xann1elle um hi yes me ill be here i will smoke u up
 too much lying  too much russia  and too much smoke. 
 i had to take a surprise drug test this morning and i smoked like 7 bowls yesterday 
 shep smith apoplectic after latest flynn revelations its too much lying  and too much smoke 
 people be in my dms asking for weed... like bruh  i dont even smoke. why did you think it was a good idea to ask me its always girls  too
 @fdowns thats definitely a nug of weed 
 i know you dont smoke weed...  i know this
 i like to smoke marijuana  it gives me a deep meditationnn.
 im basically out of weed and i have 0 money
 i dont understand people who smoke in enclosed parking garages. do they also smoke while pumping gas
 all i do is smoke my weed and mind my business i really dont be havin time for you niggas
 always the people who are too shook to even hit the bong talking about how much they smoke online  okay 
 no picnic...imagine the smoke remediation which needs to take place in this home. 
 they didnt want no smoke  they dont want no issue
 @hennyheathen right  but people never wanna call it an addiction just cause its weed and not pills or needles smh
 do anybody have a paper on legalizing marijuana lol
 the only thing weed do is make you hungry  forgot where the other nigga say  and hella focus 
  repost   i dont smoke or eat grouchos but this what a queen looks like... 
  i dont sell weed i smoke it 
 @yoboyj11 you dont smoke doe
 i deadass been having the craziest dreams since i stopped smoking so much weed  its fuckin with my head ion know whats real at night
 i left weed in my jacket amp let diamond wear the fucking jacket 
 also had a discussion with 2 bailiffs about weed. lets just say we agreed to disagree
  its friday bitches  i know u dont smoke weed or drink i know this but ts friday u aint 
 1st day at the agency me so who are we targeting boss creators of cannabis edibles. me lol boss its a billi 
 174 od calls in one week in vancouver. but lets focus our resources on shutting down weed shops so we can pretend were fighting drugs.
 and i smoke loud and i do drugs. i get bands and i want moreeee.
 im just tryin to smoke a wood on the slopes this weekend
 @cannyyyyymooooo i dont want no smoke
 we really just going to smoke gelato on the beach and eat good 
 why do so many people think marijuana is a huge issue like its a plant dont preach at me tf
 people that make videos of themselves smoking weed but dont even inhale it.. get tf off the camera
 nothing makes me feel better than coming home after work to count my money and smoke weed
 my doc said i should watch out with marijuana use because i never know what its laced w i said  not if im getting it from a dispensary 
 good friends you would bitch at me when i wouldnt get enough alc for yall or i could smoke up all of you. yall so 
 @yfndjay you dont want no smoke 
 lolim around.. if you want to smoke   or grab still .. im 
 lolim around.. if you want to smoke   or grab still .. im 
 our sub  have a fun spring break and dont smoke synthetic weed    us  wtf 
 woke up feeling high and i didnt even smoke wtf 
 @cbcnews he wants legal weed  for all you olds.
 @wisemonkeysblog yes  the globe. court case will tell. regardless  theyve unfairly gained a monopoly on weed. why allow it just curious.
 no fuck that when someone ask why i smoke we 
 all niggas want to do is smoke you out and try to fuck you afterwards boybye. thats not enough to keep me coming figuratively amp literally
 this girl is really mad fuckin sweet and her baby father b violating her like this nigga make me wanna smoke him
 lmao i know bitches who dont eat everyday but smoke everyday. is that even healthy yall finna die ya fuckin feens.
 not surprised. dope em up  send em back out. just let them use weed. 
 some these niggas make they girls match when they smoke and talk about money  
 no more weed i put that down with all my friends who will not make it
 ion think ppl understand how much water means too a person who smokes weed 
 how you want that job but continue to smoke knowing they gonna wonna drug test you 
 im a fat bitch  sorry i dont smoke or snort or shoot up 90 grams worth of herion a day to stay in shape. me amp my son r flawless bitch
 to the people saying this is the team that drafted brandon weedon and trent richardson  this is a completely new regime freeagentfrenzy
 i spend about 3 600 on weed a year. i didnt know i had it like that... 
 i stay having weed w no shells.
 @fabiankillthem i know soooooo many people who smoke like this and its such a waste. like not my sesh ho. be gone
 rick says that this will rank with pecan lodge and lockhart smokehouse... @ cattleack barbeque  @cattleackbbq 
 anybody tryna smoke
 niggas gettin cars my petty ass still only gettin jordans n weed  
 good no reason to fill jails with silly cannabis charges. 
 for all yall who smoke. have you ever thought doesnt matter what. you have the same high.
 lets load em up on opiates that could kill them  but no  weed would be unacceptable... 
 until she goes in her dr appt and they drug test her and take her baby away when its born bc she smoking weed lol o 
 you either smoke the cigarettes we give you or you dont smoke at all
 i crash the club and i make it rain. watch the money spread like train smoke @oshkoshliljosh
 nigga you smoked one of my blunts before dont try to hoe me  
 im not finna smoke backwoods ever  nothin yall gone tell me gone make me  its swishas for life
 you could have afforded it if you dont spend every pay check on weed amp alcohol 
 told my parents i smoke weed a lot . it aint a secret no more i just dont care who knows now 
 i rather be ya n i g g a.. so we can get drunk amp smoke weed all day..
 amash cosponsors ending federal marijuana prohibition act of 2017  via @k0d4
 problem is  not enough people smoke it main reason why the world so fucked up 
 yall my dad calls weed dope... help him lmao
 oh yes i love her like she pussy  money  weed. 
 how silicon valley is becoming the wild west of weed  via @svbizjournal
 me i think he has weed oil mady gasps i want to rub it all over myself
 grandma youre gonna be legal this year arent you me yes i am but i really dont drink. grandma you a weed hea 
  its friday bitches  i know u dont smoke weed or drink i know this but ts friday u aint 
 im so stressed out that im smoking a cigarette right now and i dont even smoke cigarettes
 bruh i really only fuck with the weed that lean and all that shit yall can have that
 who wants to smoke
 im 19 lets smoke for my bday
 hallway  g1 whats wrong g2 im just feeling rlly anxious g1 aw puts arm around other girl you wanna go smoke some dabs g1 okay 
 impeachtrump fox news anchor hits out at trump its too much lying and too much russia and too much smoke 
 @frankconniff the days of marijuana and roses.
 fuck nigga dont want smoke
 im giving up drinking and smoking. if like i used to drink and smoke a lot lmao
 was 405 when i started the bet i lost. down to 393. thanks mavs my goal is 220. hope i dont look like i smoke crack when im done lol
 why you flexin boy you dont want no smoke
 these old dudes sitting next to me were so shook when i pulled two ounces of weed out of my backpack 
 food might kill us  but at least we can smoke our cigars 
 you dont want this smoke weak nigga 
 my ancestors didnt drink alcohol or smoke weed.
 oh wow the cia just hacked my computer and told me they know i smoke weed  shook
 when the weed plug is busy... 
 he only smokes when he drinks  he only drinks now and then.. now and then when hes tired of being let down by men.
 @yoopris same chillin smoking we should smoke lol
 go be a cornball with your cornball friend who used to ask me for food and weed money 
 sorry ion smoke dirt 
 i do not cheat i dont talk to other guys i dont drink or smoke im loyal af and all i expect is the same in return
 thats whats up have a safe trip and dont smoke in the car lol 
 would yall believe that i actually had to just ask someone not to smoke inside my job
 white people would do anything for a cancer patient except give them affordable health care and let them smoke weed
 i would smoke with you bro but your shit look so so  so im blowin solo
 i dont get it bro.. how you find money to smoke weed but no money to eat. wyd
 nikki minaj mad pussy lmaooo she dont want any smoke.
 im bout to put as much weed in this cigar as i can .... just to think straight lol
 omfg i hate this truth commercial so much. they make me want to smoke cigarettes just out of spite.
 @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @whitehouse @harvard her friend smokes meth heroin so hangs out on alameda use to live at red house
 holy smokes  i want @alylopez6 of forkliftcatering to cater all my future meals from here on 
 back2thetrap smokehousebeats3 @ smokehouse beatsi made this for you 3ft 
 @rollingstone late arrivals for work  no shows etc. saw the special on weed distribution in colorado store fronts. 6 part series
 @colehuffman but also the statement that people are regularly put in jail for 1 gram of weed for 15 also isnt statistically true
 niggas be selling weed just to post them lil hunnids knowing they gotta spend it right back with the plug to re up
 niggas be selling weed just to post them lil hunnids knowing they gotta spend it right back with the plug to re up
 you really want smoked huh.. word on streets yall running to folks li punk 
 niggas really used to call good weed exotic
 love fast weedmans
 you have got to be fucking kidding me but people who get caught with marijuana get jailed... make sense i guess 
 does virginia beach even have good weed anymore
 @pinkluv212 smokey wants to know how u doin 
 just cause i smoke weed doesnt  mean ima bad person ...i just gotta lotta stress on ma plate
 @cooolbeanns like im bout to smoke myself into a coma
 putting final touches on story for @cbs12 6p | okeechobee deputies make huge marijuana bust  
 that marijuana... ion do what you do lol 
 @henleyehrler  the universe doesnt want me to get my shit together so ima drink my beer amp smoke my weed. 
 i dont smoke or do any drugs so i dont take no losses when it come to 
 @heeyhaylea you dont need smokes
 @heeyhaylea you dont need smokes youre already a smokin hot mama 
 when he say he bout to leave im like baby dont leave  ima run it up even if it come down to selling weed
 i want my manager to stop sending me to get him weed 
 dont smoke weed onec today
 lmfao im the happy and i love weed smoker  @dezzysymone you the sipper bitch 
 dude smoke crack for real for asking that much 
 i really want to smoke man 
 if you smoke thats on you do what you want but dont fucking throw your nasty butts on the ground gross and animals dont know its not food
 @stormchasernick @teenweatherman think that it actually was just a smoke stack now that i look at it.
 ive grown so much closer with my parents and my friends again now that im not an asshole who takes bars and smokes cigs
 a harvard professor w weed is a smart one indeed httpst.comp9nerca8k  mit harvard womeninscience mapoli 
 this why i smoke crack 
 why does this weed have me sleepy
 save my money  or buy weed
 you dont have to attend every argument you are invited to.  you will seldom regret taking the high road. dont water the weeds.
 she like when u piss her off kuz she gets to pull up on me we smoke 1 and she tells me how she ion want yo lame ass thin u no whats next
 are cigarette smokers aware that they smell like rotten animal carcass or are they just immune to their own stench
 u still buying xans and weed with parent money
 if you smoke weed  youre a bad person and thats the way it will always be.. you will be shunned because your sins are worse than theirs
 look  i dont smoke....ive never smoked or anything a day in my life. amp even i know thats a bullshit ass study.
 roll me up amp smoke me cause i feel like . . . .
 hit the weed once do the wiz laugh
 i dont think im doing anything tonight. just workout then smoke and chill if anybody wants to do that.
 someone tell jones i roll a. better joint than him even tho all i smoke is backwoods
 anybody want to smoke
 i kinda dont care about drinking like that no more i rather smoke
 i hate how bad anxiety gets to me when i dont smoke 
  even tho i dont smoke 
 pence is the worst tobacco doesnt kill smokers and violation of womens freedoms hoo boy he stinks lets get him g 
 dont ever call my girl boring if all you do is smoke weed and sleep
 we followed a side trail while we were hiking and we found a teepee campground with a lil weed in it  
 lets get covered in flames and play some games with the smoke
 i dont why people think they can smoke for free
 nigga i smoked so much weed today
 dont smoke 
 listen to this while you smoke  i dont smoke but i heard its good lol 
 @icze4r fun fact anybody who has ever smoked a menthol cigarette risks the possibility of dying in space travel anyway.
 a nigga been so stress out a girl need some weed ig
 tonight all i want to do is smoke and watch tv
 you dont want smoke. carry on.
 nothing worse than being the only person who doesnt smoke nasty ass cigarettes in your group. 
 why all my uber drivers ask me do i smoke weed... like is yall gone match or some shit tf
 fuck nigga  u dont want no smoke u dont want cancer
 @littlecaesars finally got my smokehouse  impressive.
 how do yall feel about smoking weed when you have a baby  i genuinely wanna know yall opinions.
 some people post way too much much on snapchat. nobody wants to see that you just got hooked up with some bobby brown trash weed
 thank you @ivandrakethomas for this ganja banger  shes beautiful d @ bare knuckle tattoo 
 i spend too much money on weed and food....usually in that order
 yall niggas be out here talking about girls fucking for weed but be tryna shit females when they say they dont want you. 
 if weed is the 1 gateway drug  then what is alcohol
 i dont smoke crack mothafucka i sell it 
 not conclusive  but thats way too much smoke for no fire does gop know its over and theyre looking to make deals 
 i be on own shit. whats the motion. condoms  weed and lotion. wavy like the ocean.
 i want a shorty to smoke w and do cool shit and stay to ourselves with
  shep smith on trump too much lying  too much russia and too much smoke
 so sleepy and needs to smoke before i clock in
 lol holy smokes. im shook still by this  somebody explain how it happened
 these boys dont want no smoke they dont want no cancer
 @frankmir now we both know you dont want that smoke
 say no to drugs.... yes to weed
 if you a smoker you kno the difference between some killer and some shit niggas claim to be gas
 it is time for sleep. and this time i dont want my smoke alarm to decide to tell me it needs a new battery at midnight gt
 the stigma around weed slays me though..even people who dont care still think its worse than alcohol somehow. but its like smokable kale
 out of work before 10 on a friday        time to smoke crack w the boys
 i only smoke that bomb and so do you if your my custy
 you dont want no smoke...
 dont give me no bammer weed
 want all the smoke 
 ion even smoke and im mad 
 this weed makes me so sleepy. but thats how i like it
 enemies 2k55 who da fuk want smoke 
 @virzitriplets thank you sooooo very much  but i have no room for tumble weed or cacti in my new city life. its the thought that counts 
 i have an obsession with marijuana  amp not even smoking it  but studying it amp learning more amp more about it. its the weirdest thing ever. 
 all i got to say is i smoke cause that shit feel good. amp if you aint ever smoked than you dont know the feeling i be feeling so be quiet 
 @cooperdylan37 @jjauthor @tuckercarlson actually  common sense says and research proves weed is a gateway drug. always has been.
 dont want drivers drinking alcohol common mistake to confuse marijuana as having alcohol symptoms @enjoythesurf @vandreeson @jjauthor
 i dont feel the same urge to smoke with menthols than i did with lights
 you smoked one blunt bitch now you act like you the plug lmao
 idgaf about much anyways but my grades  my skin  my ganja amp my money
 oh shit  they found the jar with the good weed. ery body grounded for life.. livepd
 bro weed in houston isnt even good to me anymore
 livepd way too much time money and resources wasted on a few girls on spring break with a little weed
 hes really nice but he smokes crack sometimes  oh lol okay
 college currency is either weed or money  pretty much the same thing
 i dont smoke dont drink dont pop pills doesnt benefit me in any way
 livepd umm.. yeah.. fuck them dudes.. driving with booze and weed and a baby. cuff em
 i cant tell you how many times my grandad says cause you smoke all that kush  
 when you dont really like your coworker but then he smokes you up at the end of your shift 
 if you cant function while smoking weed you dont deserve to smoke weed sorry kiddo 
 i dont smoke  i just inhale lmao wtf
 how much he loves weed  
 if you dont smoke the dope dont ask to match because the dopey dope is all we smoke amp im not smokin your 50 or smoking you up 
 i like smoking weed too much
 my pops just called me and told me that when we head to back to the funk to dont smoke cause we going to end up having random drug test 
 good thing we got pryor today because he wizards are gettin smoked by the freakin kings
 yeah i smoke everyday that good kush 20 a g thats a deal 
 im be the only person in south padre who dont drink or smoke lol this should be interesting
 i dont smoke a much as i used to. im more focused on getting my money right..
 oh youre from europe so you like smoke weed and like art and shit someone actually said this to me today ahahah what the fuck
 smokin weed in weed   ca  dope shit
 or weed and guns. like idc about that shit. 
 jesus smokes crack didnt know that... 
 thats not marijuana  i dont believe in it.
 if i could smoke like i used to id smoke my life away faster ...idgaf anymore 
 if my girl didnt smoke id give up smoking...
 want weed
 i dont miss weed 
 how do girls sleep all day  drink  smoke  and eat fast food every night and look amazing but if i so much as look at a fry i gain weight
 tfw you hide in a corner away from everyone to smoke because you dont want to talk to anyone
 do i want to smoke again 
 i went to dennys and the waitress said im a sour cream whore had a smokers laugh and continued  just kidding im just a whore lmao 
 dont smoke  dont drink  thats why i dont be by the bar baby
 the trump white house  wheres there smoke theres fire russiagate trumprussia wikileaks carterpage mikeflynn paulmanafort
 count   sip   amp smoke typa nights.  
 i cant hold a job smoking weed bc employers dont like that but i can pop all the pills and synthetic shit i want no problem
 literally have the dopest sever at perkins like shes old af encouraging as to smoke as we wait and says what we ordered was her fave
 she pop x i smoke os. tic tac toe
 @tracymeadas166 i didnt know u smoke im in shook but its okay still love you
 really want to smoke
 just woke up from a weed coma 
 its so funny because i dont drink and she dont smoke. 
 lit this guy smoke for u why hes older  people cant say shit  makes you look good  and thats going in for you na 
 im not going to say that on insta snap because i dont want smoke fr with no ugly hoes 
 sometimes im too goddamn high ion even want weed no more
 cant believe i just smoked a whole pack of cigarettes i dont even smoke
 swear i havent smoked for a while but this type of shit makes me want to do fucking coke and fighting someone
 ever think about smoking cigarettes dont even think about it  they kill  smoke weed  it doesnt kill 
 just because you smoke or get high doesnt make you cool
 i dont smoke lol 
 when i smoke alone  i be on one. i get narcissistic with myself. lmao
 i really dont have anything to smoke out of ...
 oh no no no no  baby. smoke so much dont need no visine
 just posted a video @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 just posted a video @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 i used to be faded down 247. i dont even smoke like that anymore . paris bypassed me something crucial 
 i stopped gifting people and treating them out to eat when i realized these mfs dont even smoke me out 
 @dannylenihan @kellyannepolls i dont want to pay for hc for people who smoke  take drugs  chow down big macs ery day and r illegal here.
 too bad oomf doesnt smoke  
 like i wanna see some crazy shit like good crazy shit i dont wanna see ur guns or money or weed lol that shit dont excite me
 im that friend that tells you not to smoke but will tell you shit were gonna die anyways and join you.
 he aint want no smoke with the black boul  
 i save so much money now that i smoke paper lol
 my mom always tells me she wants me to be able to have a medical card so i dont have to keep buying weed everyday 
 my youngest sister knows how to party.  thelovecounselor @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 you dont smoke weed that someone put in for.
 @onsomeshit yo dude i know i dont know you but lets smoke
 weareyoung @weareblackalley @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 even if we dont hang out i got 30 amp a dub of weed lol
 i hate how people act about the smell of weed lol so what yall be musty amp nobody say shit to yall
 smokin weed  i know a nigga feel the vibe bitch
 me pops  can i have some money him nah but what you can do is grab this weed eater me 
 4 blunts dude 4 is that alot cause i dont really smoke
 people wonder why i smoke cigs like can you guys not tell im trying  to fucking kill myself at a young age
 someone real who smoke just as much as me 
 lmfaoooo smoked all ya shit and aint even bathe 
 i dont need but i want some weed.
 dont nobody want a girl that party and smoke with niggas 247
 we smoke  we laugh  we rap  we talk about our vision
 some bullshit. i want boneless weed from now on lmfaoo 
 explain to me how yall smoke cigarettes
 i picked lil mama up and put some weed in the air now im smashing from the back and pulling weave out her hair
 morales really said marijuana doesnt make you laugh anymore... the fuck you mean you be smokin tha boof bih 
 i really dont wanna  drink or smoke anymore
 yall worried bout the wrong shit. fuck his weed. lol 
 we aint even talk about all the nigga weed she smoked. four whole joints like come on bruh. manners.
 i dont drink or smoke.
 if you leave weed in my home its ok. ill smoke it for you because i care about you and dont want your investment to go to waste.
 i dont encourage anybody to dip want to make that crystal clear but if you smoke amp want to save the lungs... this can help you quit.
 know she smokes
 white girls aging faster when they smoke cigarettes then anybody else
 an icy  cool  smokey  is giving me the feels on this cold day. if you want to see more of this. 
 the look on peoples faces when i tell them i dont smoke is priceless
 yaw still gettin in trouble for comin home smellin like weed facts
 ion need to pay a hitta when i can smoke yo ass for free nigga
 ashley smoke a ounce of k2 a day
 i dont either. i also dont want to pay for coverage for lung cancer for smokers. or prostates or testicles or run 
 second smoke of my birthday weekend  lets make it a cuban. petit2 montecristo 
 traitortrymp smokescreen  white house breach  big fn deal  i dont recall this much coverage when guy got into whitehouse during obama time
 traitortrump smokescreen  white house breach  big fn deal  i dont recall this much coverage when guy got into whitehouse during obama time
 retweeting because i dont even have a weed man  
 @bblackgoldd not for me  i aint feel sorry for her specially after she smoked his weed up lol
 first off you smoked about almost 34gs of his shit wo permission thats auto no no
 respect peoples space  respect peoples bodies  respect peoples wishes. and dont smoke up all they weed while they gone.
 u can be mad all u want but im still gone smoke some doja lol
 amp no weed isnt a drug
 my parents found  out i smoke and its like i dont even exist anymore 
 i dont even bother to air my car out after i smoke lmfao
 got no job but smoke alotta weed see thats whats wrong with her claim she breakin niggas down but dont have no money for a babysitter
 i dont spoke weed with strangers and if i aint watch you roll that shit im not smoking
 dont know if i should shower smoke eat or sleep
 some old man just hit me up on the street asking for money to buy his morning weed coloradoproblems
 with this dope in my system   i know you gon turn on me  i smoked so much the ashes startin to burn on me
 shes wasting so much weed wtf 
 and she got all these face tats. i know she been around hella niggas that smoke. how she dont know what she doing 
 see thats how i know you dont know pot cbd is the chemical in weed that helps for anxiety and seizures look it up 
 shut the fuck up i dont want your conversation. roll that marijuana  thats some shit vacation
 bitch lost mad weight cause she spend her money on weed and dont have any for food
 i dont do nothing stronger than weed  im boo 
 @uniteddrugrehab sorry  this has always bothered me  marijuana is not a gateway drug cops amp other ppl ask whats the 1st drug you took.
 i hate people who im like u down to smoke and there like nah i dont really but be tweeting about blunts always haha 
 mom please wake up dads with a slut and your son is smokin cannabis
 i love smoking weed amp i hella dont care 
 im the type dude that will smoke witcha amp wouldnt give a fuck about matching   im getting high anyway why not smoke with somebody.
 today about to b one of them days where i smoke so much eventually ima b so high i dont even wanna smoke no more
 you cant even smoke wit yo bro now a days 
 aint posting shit no more no pipes no money no weed
 i dont even have a weed man  
 dont smoke in bed   nina simone
 the smoke of her burning  saying  what city is like unto this great city
 i mean im strictly backwood but damn the swishers make you taste the weed wtf
 thats not even enough weed to get me high  
 this is why we dont let me smoke 
 bruh i really wish yall could smell this rn... ion even think its weed anymore  
 @laweeklystreet @laweekly @lilbopeep smoke good  eat good. fingers crossed
 its so boring in the grove im out here everyday just blowing my sister shit out and she dont even smoke  she always saying some
 if they dont sell weed out your barbershop u at the wrong shop
 chloe frontin like she didnt smoke an airhead blunt
 im like sad bruh wtf imma go smoke myself into a coma
 i know you stressed  you need your cigarettes. but you dont need to smoke no more @suburbandanny 
 the homie have me so much weed and wouldnt let me pay for it 
 spent saturday morning with bday girl @wasabiaddict clearing out weeds and planting california 
 ppl really be overcharging for weed amp ppl really be buying it  boy ya dumb
 i need a fuckin drink and a blunt and i dont even smoke anymore
 am i the only one who dont gaf what i roll up in   lol all my shit still smoke the same 
 menthols money weed all a white boy need
 who got the plug for weed in atlanta
 your not bout your money if you cant flip your qrter of weed
 fuck weed we bouta start doing crack bro  
 i smoke like to ounces everyday i got a real bad habit
 blowin smoke and this shit kill @chiefkeef
 dont want no negativity in the air just gas smoke in the air
 pops definitely knows i smoke weed
 mfs still wear weed socks 
 so. much. weed.
 another saturday on the boat. this weekends chill spot weedon island.  @ weedon island 
 dont sell weed if its always gonna be hard asf to get ahold of you like seriously stick to your day job
 its sad how many people ik are fucked up on meth   i dont get it  smoke weed wtf  youre destroying yourself and people who care
 niggas really serving felon sentences over smoking weed
 tryna save your weed  smoking lil ass blunts....
 idk how people smoke cigs on the regular they really so gross lol
 yes. thats why i dont smoke and drive anymore 
 yall really be fucking yall plugs for free weed 
 happy ion do allat for some weed 
 guys.  regardless of what youre doing  not sleeping for excessive amounts of time is bad.  also dont smoke. 
 all them face tattoos and you dont know how to smoke  
 you dont want no smoke with me.  
 @cathyannofen @lessbullspit @teenagesleuth oh  look another soros paid subversive. how creative.  dont you have some crack to smoke
 why you acting like you dont want no smoke
 you shouldnt smoke cigs outside its bad for the environment cigsinside
 dont just click guys. we need in person protests and smoke ins to win. reschedule420 is actually action 
 i smoke out the qp not a ounce 
 while the great indy lights battle was going on  aaron telitz had a different zip code and smoked the competition. indylights
 still fighting with my inner self about buying a pack of smokes 
 i dont smoke crack  motherfucker i sell it
 i just met a white frat dude who smokes swishers with the tobacco and saves old smoked swishers im done
 i dont drink just sin been feeling im pure ganja and water boy
 oh on the train into the city guy lit up a reefer  thats why they call it dope... 
 to let you know i dont smoke  weed 
 got off work early so mint juleps  makersmark mintjuleps @ lucilles smokehouse bbq  
 bro you smoke pot we get it
 ur mcm claims hes woke but only cares about money and weed 
 i dont think these prn guys know what the term smoke show means.  nascar
 ugh... the need to smoke haunts me but i wont spend any money until ive paid all my bills. hurry up and get my ca 
 i dont smoke but lol 
 my dream is to smoke with @sethrogen 
 @mogaudy i cant smoke and people trying me. weed makes me a better person
 is that all i am to the world.. a talkative black kid that only wants to smoke to communicate with people
 but i dont smoke like that so idk how 
 @donnaapperson @smokersmatch temptation to buy a pack  smoke 12 amp drink some beers is there..so i watch youtube movies instead
 life is really boring when im broke and dont have weed
 been in colorado for 4 hours and already spent 200 on weed  weed accessories  and a tie dye shirt 
 she like why you texting bitches that dont give a fuck about chu  when ur money dont show bottles dont pop an the weed dont blow
 higher than u pussy dudes and i dont even smoke dope
 people like @dougbenson give marijuana a bad rep .. fuck that dude
 nah i didnt smoke enough on my break  it was short lived  
 if them hoes dont smoke  dont let them in 
 @shackts @canucks did you have any weed
 when you use cant smoke a cigarette cause your omg will bug but your too drunk and really want one...
 what these niggas want ill smoke you like a blunt el came to give the people what they want  
 used to try amp spray over the smell of weed amp shit. now im just like ima just smell like sour. fuck it. great perfume.
 it be the bitches that got a nigga to smoke em up another nigga that takes em to eat another  for gas money talking bout feminism
 @bobbert55 back in the day id put my tobacco pipe in it. i dont smoke the tobacco anymore.
 told her i dont drink like that no more that i smoke trees and she slapped my ass. 
 if you dont like people who smoke weed wtf .. its 2017 everyone does it grow up its not even bad for you
 i dont even smoke but my coworker gave me a cig because todays been shit. so here i am getting cancer
 sex drugs and rock and roll weed speed and birth control if at first you dont succeed save your money and buy better weed
 i dont think i could ever date someone who smokes cigarettes
 eerybody say i smoke too much and im like ....ok 
 with the bday boy @ johnny mitchells smokehouse 
 regina spektor doesnt sound like she smokes anymore amp it breaks my heart unfairly
 why all these plugs wanna smoke me out  like bro no lmao . im just trying to cop
 your mcm dont smoke like me  freemadmoney 
 food  movies  smoke  i will even fucking drive
 turned a cereal box into a dope ass weed tray 
 shut the fuck up i dont want your conversation  rollin marijuana thats a cheap vacation 
 i understand. h.s. could guard me now he dont want more smoke 
 i dont even fuck wit a bitch good enough to say lets smoke  like i have 0 hoes
 why tf does everyone smoke cigs so nasty get away from me
 like if i find out someone i know smokes cigs  i look at them a lot differently
 i spoke to the universe it spoke right back   truthfully i dont even smoke like that
 300 cases of bullshit lmfao. you factually cannot tell me alcohol is better than weed  youre brainwashed af. snap 
 i am 100 it will not.lmfaoo. thats trump level stupidity to say alcholol isnt worse than weed. the numbers liter 
 people dont smoke too much weed and die. shut up. alcholol can literally kill you by drinking it. smfh. how can yo 
 i dont smell nothing but weed 
 you know youre mad when you spark a blunt in your truck that you dont ever smoke in.
 sorry but gwinnett plugs are the worse   either their weed is poo   amp they dont like responding smh
 someone sell me marijuana why dont u want monies
 my brother stole my sleeping pills and sold them to girls at school telling them it was xanax so he could buy weed 
 gs to them boys from the smoke man ...
 oh my god you drink the alcohol amp smoke the weed you are so coolamp
 oh my god you publicize that you drink the alcohol amp smoke the weed you are so coolamp
 i was lyin like smokey when i said i was done rap. i be lookin at all these rappers like who the fuck is thatplayinwithfire  rainbowprint
 had a fever earlier. then i smoked a joint and i dont even feel it .
 i was lyin like smokey when i said i was done with rap. i be lookin at all these rappers like who the fuck is thatplayinwithfire
 we are surrounded by hookers and bro dudes but i got a martini and michael can smoke inside so 
 my moms dont smoke but...
 accidentally dropped weed in my tea. not even mad
 @realdonaldtrump i dont do drugs  even stay away from marijuana as well. wish i knew better when i was 20 they left a wandering kid
 finding weed you didnt even know you had gtgtgt
 we dont smoke the same 
 yummy prefunk before brothers comatose. @ smokehouse tavern in portland  or w @davidtweets 
 @kinetograph the words were pure smoke...   iliketowatch
 who wants to smoke a blunt on the north end
 @slayravia he was literally like youre right alcholol does that but weed still worse cuz they say so lmfaoooo.
 i smoke a lot of weed and this shit is all so much better
 i smoke so much the ashes start to burn on me . @1future
 i want to get high... like very very very high.... but i dont smoke 
 ...wait  how fast are these weeds growing samuraijack
 niggas in stl be fmu thinking you gone back doe em  nah lil bra iont want no smoke iont be on none of that type of time b wrong hoe
 whats worse than stoners who buy marijuana apparel people who dont smoke weed and buy marijuana apparel
 everyone keeps trying to pass me blunts or give me a dab and having to say no is already getting so old. all i want is to smoke 
 want to make weed brownies
 dont get why everybody likes to smoke and drink. thats not a good habit. you have a whole life ahead you.
 dont get why everybody likes to drink and smoke. its not a good habit. you have a whole life ahead of you.
 like its essential my girl smokes  i cannot cuff a girl who doesnt smoke
 real gs smoke when they want.
 tripping off this weed got a nigga slow motion. chills all over my body like some cold lotion  
 even tho in college we did go out a lot  ill rather sit around and smoke with my ppl.
 really can careless if anybody doesnt like me. stop being so hateful amp smoke weed.  enjoy life sis .
 bro they let me in w my weed cause i gave da home girl skin care
 i want to smoke a cigar but at 24 out i think not.
 @donnaapperson of course when you need a light no one smokes but wheen you quitting they are all over the place
 i smoke so much i dont even get high no more i just be buzzed for 20 mins
 i dont even smoke weed amp this pisses me off 
 ima tell my niggas i need. zip from the city to smoke on cause this shit aint gone cut it
 we dont smoke the same 
 @ededdnediley the feds watching me so we cant say weed
 most yall niggas got bum ass smoke and your plug aint no plug he just a socket. sit down
 i hate thinking about how much money id have saved if i didnt smoke lmao
 anybody down to smoke one
 damn yall really dont do nothing in fort worth besides smoke and go to kick backs.
 the day i want to smoke no one wants to smoke with me
 swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 i dont think you applying ya self smokey
 i just want like 2 gs so i can smoke a blunt and play gta why this gotta be so hard
 when you want some weed but dont feel going to go get it
 why you all on social media acting like you do but dont want smoke  all on twitter doing the most
 ion smoke in groups everybody should have there own pack if you are a smoker
 if this boy says he smokes cigarettes imma just 
 i smoke so much i dont even get high anymore
 @barushchav its called a dime for a reason. a dime of weed sells for 10 dollars. i know that and ai dont even smoke...
 @lilpuffsoicy @nofuckscamcam damnnnnn bro. i cant even smoke that much no more 
 we smoked the bad weed we had some fuego waiting for when the pizza showed up.. wonder if the mf would be alive if he smoked that kush
 4 brothers youngcalifornia westcoast hookum records @ old crow smokehouse huntington beach 
 just to b clear i dont and have never smoked crack.
 i used to buy drugs over here  i mean weed
 i dont even smoke just roll me somethinnnnn
 on everything dis me mfs always asking why u smoke so much .... buh why you on my dick so much . 
 rolled so much damn weed up with my feet up
 counting my money while bae rolls my weed
 let people know our state is better  then smoke some more weed. 
 lmfao why does everyone think im lying when i say i dont smoke  
 little kids now smoke and drink every weekend while i dont even know how weed smells
 live this life. smoke this . and do what the fuck i want. 
 i drink and smoke a lot but ion really do the partying. 
 shut the fuck up  i dont want your conversation..rollin marijuana  thats a cheap vacation...my every day shit  my every day shit
 im so sad amp i dont even have any weed to fall back on
 now everyone knows why i smoke
 can i just swallow weed because i dont feel like smoking rn
 when you got so much packing to do you smoke one and eat a bowl of cereal 
 i dont smoke anymore  if you care about me dont ask me to match or anything like that cause ima say yeah
 got a bottle of weed and a bag of wine
 cigarette smoker you dont smoke me nah only that good good 
 gs to the smoke  them boys did that.
 no weed ian no crack head 
 @doctrwang @qkode i dont want to sabotage trump  but if he goes after marijuana hes done amp finished... and he would probably deserve it
 i dont think ill ever tell my mom i smoke 
 i really dont wanna smoke cause then im def not gone go to sleep but i dont think its happening either way 
 100 hurry up so i can smoke this blunt 
 nobody wants to smoke huh
 caribbean tings @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 you dont want smoke with my gang
 this nigga @mikesodope want me to roll all my weed up gtfoh 
 if a nigga give you free weed on south beach dont smoke that shit 
 remember youre never in the weeds  if you never give a fuck. bestadviceallday
 niggas weed is not a drug
 mwusca   depression rates spike in teen smokers  todays teen smokers may have worse mental health than teen 
 anybody want smoke 
 you used to drink amp smoke  you dirty man. 
 if i dont smoke and rarely drink then what am i
 need new ppl to smoke w in greensboro 
 if youre really a productive stoner you pre break up your weed so you can always just roll on the fly .
 its clear to me if i dont smoke i dont sleep well
 i need a big ass room wit a bottle of champagne amp a eighth of weed
 someone give a logical reason on to smoke weed.
 who wants to smoke
 son weed in dc is either trash or too expensive
 im proud  passed up weed all day. dont have to smoke even if your around it 247 
 i dont think weed can even calm me down right now. only way i can cope is if yall dead or yall stay da fuck away from me
 wont go broke cause i never spend.. if them hoes dont smoke dont let em in..
 i smoke to the point i dont even get high nm
 i smoke too much weed
 @lakeboss2 some drugs are smoked some drugs are injected some drugs are drank.
 just another reason for the weedman to sleep in even later
 dont get smoked
 shoot the weed man if my dope not smoking
 were on a baby hunt  and dont think we dont know how to weed em out
 im not slut shaming  i just rly need to know. boys give me so much anxiety unless i have like a lot of alcohol weed and alcohol in me.
 who wants to smoke 
 when i see people with yellow teeth and they dont even smoke bogeys shyt make me question if they ever understood the value of brushing 
 bring me some crack to smoke if u a real one
 ppl be dumbfounded when i say i dont smoke 
 now that ion smoke imma see who really fucc with the kid and who dont jacc
 nah these the ones that leave the house droppin neck for the plug gettin smoked out 
 i would smoke with you bro but your shit look so so  so im blowing solo  @modsun be getting it  check movie 
 they ask why i smoke everyday cause ion wanna be on the same level as yall 
 shopping is my true drug no marijuana  
 didnt notice how much i smoked till i had to abruptly stop 
 all the rappers rap about smoking swishers but you mean to tell me none of yall regular niggas smoke swishers 
 mind you i dont do drugs so im like oh he gotta weigh the weed 
 talking to people who think they know everything about pot but have never smoked and actually know nothing is so frustrating
 @clarencebethea @undmbasketball @quintonhooker21 thanks coach smoke started with you
 i keep telling myself  i dont need a cigarette.  nothing is going to happen if i dont smoke...except for good health.  still craving  bt 
 i feel bad not givin blood...but i smoke too much to be tryin to give someone my shit
 can you not smoke next to me  i dont want my sperm to shrink. henrythehetero
 i only smoke that kill weed
 i spent the only money i have for this week on two pack of cigs and a case of beer when i only drank two beers and i dont smoke   wow
 dont be goin around spending all your money on weed n end up broke that shit aint poppin lol 
 at this point  just dont smoke lol 
 if you have a child you probably should t be posting on snapchat about how much weed you smoke amp pics of it. just saying. 
 anybody trying to smoke
 they wonder why i dont smoke weed or pop pills  i get high off getting money
 i was just drinking amp smoked whatever was offered to me and spent more money than i wanted 
 u dont get to sell cheap weed and be mad at niggas for being cheap lmao
 we dont smoke that regular cause nigga we aint regular
 i cant even smoke anymore  national guard people be blowwwwwing it 
 these claims are life @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 i smoke to much
 this nigga really used weed as currency..
 my annoying ass roommate the reason white ppl think weed is a gateway drug. his ole fein ass stay knockin on my door
 smokehousehhi sundayfunday bottomlessmimosas stpatricksdayparade @ the smokehouse 
 aint nobody dying over no fucking weed  its the money mfs dying for get it straight 
 i dont smoke.
 inserch mens paisley jacquard smokers jacket @ philadelphia  pennsylvania 
 lmfao when i got handed a palma to roll last night thats how you know i smoke to much backwood  
 the final battle @milsimwestmedia rostov rising. smoke out  enolagayeairsoft @enolagayepyro 
 my money go to weed haircuts amp whatever my girl want some she see 
 all day long conservatives talk about national debt but the second we try and legalize weed to gain hella tax revenue they get quiet
 this @pinstripesbbb brunch photo is for all of yall who dont like your food to touch smoked 
 i bought a grinder off of amazon genuinely for kitchen use  not for weed  and amazon wont stop recommending me weedrelated shit
 lmfaoooo  it stink like weed bro not sex  
 i smoke like ion play cause i got to stay high
 how i get when im high lmfao reasons why i dont smoke 
 people always ask me why i dont smoke or drink lol
 know what @lito615 was saying when he said bills to pay most of em aint even mine shit ima just smoke the rest of the money
 so she went from smoking weed to becoming a crack head and then a meth head amazing 
 overheard dont ever mix alcohol and weed. youll spend the first few minutes having fun but many more minutes vomiting
 i lose 3 followers every week. you dont have to like me sha.  the weed make me forget who you are regardless.
 why do people still smoke cigs
 @tluccci smoke em if u got em
 @vapingit cold turkey dont even go there  failed at that  too 2yrs smoke free thanks to ikickbutts with ecig. now im a success win
 i want some god damn weed man.
 niggas have me fucked up when they try to short me on my weed. ion play that shit
 few things i learned about last night.  1. i smoke a cigarette  2. i burned my chest with said cigarette 3. i dont like cigarettes
 i dont wont to smoke weed ... but this week i might need it 
 no matter what law there is or year it is cv parents will always look at weed as if its crack
 if weed isnt a medicine then either are any painkillers because they dont actually fix anything
 stay wid a backwood of good rapper weed 
 prays for an ounce of weed right now 
 why you on social media actin like you do but dont want smoke 
 i tried buying an 8th off this dude amp he over here talm bout i dont need ur money thats a baby ass sale  bitch stfu what type of weed man
 to all my peeps eat organic  exercise  dont smoke or over drink. guard your health. be proactive amp informed. trumpcare health
 save my money or buy some weed 
 i even have burns from cigs.... and i dont smoke cigs
 mfs be asking for weed on fb and people really be tagging the drug dealers 
 you smoke crack dont ya  dont you smoke crack boy 
 when people ask me if i smoke loud or mid man its 2017 where you getting mid from  aint nobody smoking that backyardagins 
 why do ppl always try to get me to smoke with them lmaoo like no i dont want to
 most yall niggas dont even know what real gas is bra cause your weed got purp in it dont mean shit
 these people dont look so bad. looks like most of em smoke weed. 
 just want to slap some reggae and smoke some blunts before i have work at 7
 who wants to smoke
 i keep telling joe to peep my tweets but he dont even have a phone. damnnn smokey
 i dont do drugs i just smoke weed 
 dont sleep on my focus. youll get smoked bro
 no i dont smoke pot. i smoke fools like you out on the badminton court.
 killa weed i been smokin been putting my ass down 
 idk how people can choose alcohol over weed
 i know i tweeted about my exs being smoked out lol all of em are but her and one other
 is weed a drug 
 yennn dont want no smoke 
 if you want more weed then they give you seeds 
 we dont smoke that boof  its to flip and make wax 
 ive had a few niggas ask me to smoke them out. no.
 when people owe you money but stay copping weed 
 @codystelly yea if it aint crack  i dont smoke it
 bro ong i need to smoke 
 when i dont smoke weed or cigs   life can seem really boring and depressing .
 thats why i dont date girls that smoke.... smh im terrible. but im just selfish and i dont wanna share my weed with u lol
 i hope she gets the hint that i want to smoke weed and eat donuts 
 when you make me mad its really no comin back for me til i smoke
 if all you wanna do is smoke weed amp pop pills i can not deal with you  i want no parts of that...especially when you spend your last on it
 beard growing  like the money  @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 whos in miami beach amp wants to smoke
 i dont want any of you niggas lets just get that clear . i just like to smoke yall weed and talk shit 
 ion even wanna smoke...thats how u kno.
 happy 420 i dont smoke weed but i know a lot of yall do
 yall be posting yall weed on snapchat like we can smell that shit or something 
 niggas aint  eat or smoke all day g 
 since quitting smoking i only tweet when im drunk and i try not to drink because then i want to smoke
 chelsea said fuvk me so i dont have anyone to smoke with 
 buying a gram of weed is such a waste of timeenergy lol
 i need new people to smoke with....any takers
 my uncle really be tryna flame niggas like he just dont smoke crack 
 and its sad cause dickheaded white people are still gonna say he deserved it for selling weed like they dont fund t 
 fuck all yall weed mans
 where there is smoke...ya know 
 @precwooten ill smoke u on a port dont do me
 @thecnizzle i dont smoke lmao
 i dont smoke 
 my dad having real rapper weed 
 my jacket smells like smoke amp perfume.
 @potus many senators are ready to legalize marijuana alcohol is addictive can become a disease amp die.mj is safe not addictive amp a medicine
 niggas be spending so much money on tattoos and weed but cant afford a damn outfit 
 people still smoke swishers
 sooo i wonder if this guy knows i just want a weed man  nothing else.
 cause you dont smoke with me... 
 if you smoke  thats gross  dont smoke.
 if a nigga want smoke we can take it there
 just like the plugs weed 
 all i do is smoke and make money 
 when you not high all the time i dont smoke bawh what the fuck bitch im weak
 when he says my weed is your weed you know its real
 your girlfriend act single for free weed my g.
 you cant be my nigga if you dont smoke weed 
 they dont want no smoke  they dont want no issue.
 please dont smoke around my baby hes trying to quit
  we gotta match when i get back to the city you the funniest person ever to smoke with
 i know one of yall sell weed here in vegas. hit me. 
 ay.  i have a question about twd .... where are all the drugs  no weed no meth no crack  nobody gets high anymore 
 someone sell me weed my cat has cancer and he told me he wants some
 ion smoke to get high
 i got brothers i dont need no friends  chillin gettin comfortable smokin weed again
 who want smoke baby 
 you might can smoke but you aint smokin what we smoking on
 .i want to smoke but i dont feel like rolling up
 most of you spoiled bitches probably dont even know what a 40 hour work week feels like..but all i do is sit on my ass n smoke weed
 yall ever hungry af but you know that if you smoke before then the food will just taste that much better
 i feel like if cannabis is a gateway drug  its because its called a bad drug even though coffee is basically the same.
 @dankrakest91 @kaelamcginnis to bad we dont drink  go sip craft beers and smoke a vape titty
 smoking weed and posting about it doesnt make you cool. just stop.
 i aint attracted by people that smokes weed cause i dont even smoke weed
 you dont smoke though 
 anyone want to smoke with me 
 put my heart in the blunt like its laced smoke it up.. then go outta space.
 sorry for being such a pussy bitch earlier yall  the ganja had me feeling some type of way
 someone needs to do one of those how much money you could save if you never smoked infographics with fantasy football and march madness.
 if my fave ever did drugs like weed or worse i would unstan him so fast. thank god macaulay culkin is a saint and would never 
 if u smoke cigs back the fuck up
 she dont want no smoke trust me.
 anyone who dont smoke swishers or white owls period lets smoke hahaha
 ill have more time in life to smoke rn im to focused amp i got too much to lose over smoking some trees 
 that dont do any drugs besides weed better  
 wow  pulling up weeds and sweeping is really great for stress reduction   maybe its because i pay the mortgage  
 ion have anybody to smoke with out here lol
 all i ever want to do is smoke and lay up
 i barley smoke anymore cause of that shit that went down last year i just dont trust people
 i used to be concerned about so much now im just like....do i wanna smoke before or after i eat
 so now mike brown was selling weed  so you say. how fucking disrespectful. yall will do anything to save these pale ass muh fuckas.
 my mom says im coughing cause i smoke to much but in reality im just getting sick
 dont let me get a hold of some good weed... cant even stop rolling lol smh
 if they dont respect your roots then you need to weed them out
 i dont even remember yos name but he wants no smoke
 if he want smoke put a bag on em   nawww fr
 people would ask you for a ride and offer u 5 but have 1092948392 for weed i dont get yall mfs 
 cavs aint want no smoke
 ...i actually got back into fan fiction after i took up medical marijuana  it was a good way to zone out.
 did you even smoke if you didnt put it on your story
 dont ever text me first saying  come smoke and you aint got no bud to match  straight disrespectful
 i include buying weed into my bills lmfaoo
 money and weed 
 i dont ever smoke weed  but right now it sounds really nice so i could pass outttt 
 feeling fabulous after two days of clearing weeds on our hillside. still got it at 58 yrs old.
 i want soft tacos and weed
 i need a blunt bro amp ion even smoke 
 swear i feel like the only person at my school that dont drink or smoke.
 @tbonehall livin the dream lol eat good smoke good
 @demirueb you cant pay for weed tests with food stamps. after i said that he was like nah  im just messing with you
 dont smoke but this is just how i feel right now 
 dont come at me talkin bout smoke that you better match that shit
 black kids smoke marijuana  some might pop pills 
 im so dry smokin weed like hell 
 nobody wants to smoke... guess im facing 3 joints or so
 dont drink amp smoke and boys are dumb 
 youll cowards wont even smoke crack
 i dont need new people to smoke with so dont ask when were going to smoke 
 fuck new braunfels and the weak ass plugs here yall front so much i need want weed bro
 you know youre at a weed event when.... ediblewrapper weedporn high dope lalaland 
 my sister said just give me 100 for groceries and all the weed you want and were good.
 when i say hiking.. i really mean smoking a shit ton of weed in the woods 
 anyone want to smoke
 mfs really dont want no smoke wit me man im not lettin no more shit slide on shorty
 i buy my own weed  so i roll my own blunts .
 these kids today messing with drugs are wild. i used to just smoke them candy cigs 
 i wanna smoke joint with a hot cool dude. and i dont even smoke anymore 
 i dont mind if people smokedrink  but when it starts interfering with your everyday life  then i mind.
 need to smoke 1 w treint miss chillin wit my nigga.
 cant sleep if i dont smoke ... thats not a good thing
 dont smoke.  dont drink alcohol.  dont drink soda.  dont eat pork.    always looking for small ways to better myself as a whole.
 she just a hood booger  probably claim she exotic...the only thing thats exotic is all this weed in my pocket  but she fine
 fave acid rain least fave smoke again over favorite song under everythings good 
 i know drug dealers that still make they lady buy the weed  and i find that fucked up 
 i dont eat or sleep i just smoke tobacco and write theses
 idgaf i swear i want all the smoke 
  hi man  youre really cool and if you not a spitty smoker no more we can match one day
 i rolled my first blunt today and i dont even smoke
 im a king and i smoke a lot of weed  that makes sense its about 33 ounces in a liter
 a nigga just be like fuck i dont wanna smoke outside  well prolly in the shade
 i wonder how much cocaine and weed is in that party  
 half of yall smoke paper i dont wanna hear it dont pass those ls to me 
 i like the marijuana but not the alcohol. 
 me when i smoke by myself lmao 
 people i think its so stupid to just smoke and go to sleep...just a waste of money  me 
  i hope youre worth more than what ive seen.. i dont want to remember you bc of a smoke sesh
 i just want to smoke right now. ugh.
 i refuse to b with a mf that doesnt have nothing going for himself. just like to sit up amp smoke all damn day.
 @gayaf lol the weed is here but over there if you know what i mean 
 i wanna smoke soooo mf bad bro
 my exhusband shook his head. he says weed doesnt expire. he was a speed dealer in the 90s so he knows a lot about drugs.
 we know. niggas will steal the weed before they still 99cent rellos to smoke out of. shit never made sense. 
 niggas really be hittin me up askin do you smoke and when i say no  they be stuck amp dont know what to say  yall need better pickup lines
 anybody who knows me knows im a stoner. i love to smoke
 grandma you cant fool me  i know you guys smoke cannabis at home. me nah
 i automatically better than anybody who drinks and smokes because i dont do that shit
 to not be drawn towards caffeine  aka  espresso  or alcohol or even marijuana anymore is a pure release. literally. after all this. no rehab
 the weed make me think  it put me in a better vibe
 they dont want no smoke
 never lose the forest even when youre in the weeds
 as of today i dont eat pork and i dont smoke weed
 i dont think id smoke a swisher if it was the last roll up on earth
 still got 25 out there for anybody that thinks they can out smoke me.
 thats what im saying  thats like tipping the weed man 
 i get the weirdest looks from ppl when i tell them i dont smoke weed. notmycupoftea
 asks brett what hed pack if he spent a night in a haunted house  flashlight   camcorder  roserary beads  a cross  holy water and weed
 she dont smoke but i call her virgin mary
 i want all the smoke i swear to god i want all the smoke in the world 
 if them hoes dont smoke dont let em in
 smoke so much good ass weed i wake up high 
 all the weed in the world... amp niggas still smoke cigs 
 life is so much better without weed amp alcohol
 i dont drink or smoke  now food shiiit bout a thousand lol 
 you skip school and spend all your money to smoke weed 
 two looks with the linaje jacket by sotbm. available in 100 linen or a hempwoolorganic cotton 
 you don want no smoke
 mojo or k2 atleast tell em them name dont call it fake weed 
 ahhhh you dont want no smoke
 how can some of yall cross yall patnas for some weed amp a couple dollars  shit dont make sense to me
 kidding i love weed too much
 ion weed smoke weed no more
 @agbell10 @cowbroker @farmlvngirl @bartparks @pasztor79 @manningfarms most in nc is flue cured for cigarettes. smokeless comes out of kytn
 i mean they didnt say they smoke dicks  they dont call their friends boos and baes etc  thats why we called youn 
 i smoke too much   to be stressing over anybody 
 the amount of money i see people spend on weed is crazy asf  i jus b like damn again 
 or weed and no shells  
 i dont usually do math  but when i do  im buying weed
 i ate tons of weed food. i do not trust anybody
 i need girl that dont smoke
 i dont wanna be here if i dont gotta..my weed habit so close to snorting powder..
 yall getting weed 10 a g cause ya plug wanna fuck baby girl
 @nowthisnews white people bouta want weed illegal again
 i also hate when she talks about weed like its all bad. no ho its helped save peoples life instead of getting hooked on pills.
 910 if you the homie and you say you dont have bud  ill still smoke with you. lol but dont try to finesse me
 im gonna give up weed so i can get a big boy job  13 year old me would be really disappointed in me rn
 these niggas in class talking about they using their student loan money to buy weed amp molly like what 
 damn even my grandparents smoke weed lmao
 my granny said they dont call weed weed no more  they call it cash  i said huh you mean kush  she said yea kush
 people r saying it smells like weed 
 smoke too much weed to remember any of these niggas and im dead ass
 money and weed 
 i smoke alone 95 of the time because mfs make me anxious. not just people i dont like. my own niggas.  itsnotyouitsme lol
 fake weed is deadly. ask any er doctor. causes seizures and death. 
 @anaespinoza15 watch the episode called pussy weed first its my fave episode lol
 he was like  i would never smoke before a fitting or a meeting but when i want to design and be creative  i smoke a joint and get to work
 not bout to smoke in a mf car who dont got the heat on fuck they thought
 i drink good  i smoke good  but i fuck better
 how can all these people afford to smoke cigs in ny
 when people smoke cigs while going through the drive thru 
 when you dont smoke or drink so they have to be more creative 
 they bought a whole pack. and they just remembering they dont really smoke joes.  
 looking back at the 1967 marijuana bust at 710 ashbury. does the city owe an apology to the grateful dead photos  
 anybody know where to get smoke grenades local
 when i see someone only hit the weed once   like you the 12 nigga its free  so hey  get mf high
 @elliekingrey  yeah joe thats right  need to make a statement about when you smoke youre going to want to eat cheeseburgers too dumbass 
 where is @yaboiidsmoove at we got big dope to smoke  
 @stout87 uh oh. i dont want no smoke
 only way i free my stress is the marijuana.
 no hun i dont smoke weed neither do i drink or do any other drugs  i am 100 clean. so quit making assumptions 
 post malone make a nigga want to smoke and jam.
 i couldnt imagine doin any other drug other than weed. mfs really be wildin. thats why yall be 20 lookin older than ya granny.
 i think coffee is more of a drug than weed 
 regrann from @baybe216    im still working. @3ft   regrann @ smokehouse beatsi made this 
 someone come help me do these weeds and crap i really dont want to be here all day
 drugs like meth are illegal for public safety reasons the only reason weed is illegal is bc of money and thats it
 so do crack heads match on crack like how smokers do 
 i will never consider tvs smart tvs until i can opt out of the cigarette guilt videos by proving that i dont smoke. ill do the paperwork
 how do ppl still smoke out of swishers and games and shit i dont understand
 dont ask me for money  dont ask me for food  dont ask me to smoke  dont ask me for work  dont ask me for no favors 
 since i was 16 i had all the intentions to keep it g take niggas hoes and smoke hella trees wit em
 nigga gone suggest some zans cause i cant smoke anymore boy if you dont yo next step is cracc head ass on somewhere
 buying weed is like buying vc   yo dude will be fye but you still suck at 2k and dont know how to use him   toodeep levelupsoberly
 my body is immune to weed  i cant get high
 when they ask you to smoke one 
 twerking .. i dont smoke or drink  
 i dont drink like i used to. in college the kid could go. now all my fat ass does is smoke lol
 the crack game is dead all they want is weed now
 i dont smoke.  @donspon 
 i honestly do not give a fuck about weed  yes i smoked for a long time. but i refuse to let a fucking plant determine my future.
 i guess just because i dont smoke weed i dont get invited anywhere
 pv people out here cleaning the uc parking and they gone say man they be smokin hella weed out here 
 @spada i dont think the whole album can be reduced to just pussy and weed
 one of my favorite things is that i can call my grandmothercoven leader and ask if she wants to smoke a bowl 
 more money for weed and weave....lol teawithqj
 i smoke the best weed in the... states  i dont fuck with no... fakes
 this why i smoke so much
 they say i smoke too much but i dont think that i smoke enough  
 statebystate legalization of cannabis provides a great experiment into how much of the us population has latent schizophrenia
 mf sit around smoke all day that shit dry 
 how do niggas get warned about a drug test and still smoke 
 she dont wear sneakers and she dont like reefer  a classy ass bitch.
 i dedicate my future success to everybody that thought i was gone hit licks an sell weed forever
 i smoke so much  cant even open up my eyes 
 hi its not cute  cool  or funny to talk about how much weed u smoke and honestly nobody cares pls shut the fuck up
 dont know what to smoke right now 
 good weed good drank big money man 
 oh yeah i dont smoke cigarettes no more 
 @missxdev and i hate when yall act like smoking weed doesnt make yall dumb bc it does. slow as fuck and lazy mfs
 yall dont smoke swishers
 weed capital of the usa. smoke em if you got em 
 my car smells like cigs and i dont even smoke lmaoo
 the weed man really be using any reason to get you to cop
 didnt smoke enough on my lunch break smh.
 in the weeds @ foster city  california 
 these mfs need to hurry up wit my car so i can smoke 
 im about to smoke weed with my mom yall
 all i wanna do is smoke some weed and eat some chicken wings. its that too much to ask  like faaaawwkk
 i smoke by the qp not by the ounce
 i really need to stop smoking  i cant even get high anymore. im just wasting weed.
 who wants to smoke 
 i dont think a billboard that says dont smoke is gonna stop niggas from smoking. good try tho
 im not as big of a fan of drinking as i used to be. i love weed amp psychedelics because they save my life amp keep me from starving to death
 really want to smoke   kinda dont have a plug. 
 you know what i hate. a nigga that always ask for a pull..but never got no weed 
 noname off the drugs  noname quit the weed. telefone delight  love is all i need 
 how do people tell themselves oh i cant wait to get off and smoke a cigarette like if youre gonna smoke at least smoke something goodlol
 i just want a ladies snow in sleepover where we smoke mad blunts and eat lots of food and watch bad girls lmfao
 @nollie300 lmfao thanks bro and you know its whatever free smoke
 i smoke my drank and sip my dope...
 dont come around me if u smoke cigarettes please.
 well i dont smoke nor drink anymore. who can hang out with that these days hmmm
 @milleysteve i dont drink either really  i smoke here amp there but have gone years without it..now that libs are in i wouldnt mind a puff
 does anyone know how many meds nancy  is on or where she buys her marijuana she smokes  either one is very strong. 
 poppin pills only make me sleepy smokin weed makes me think amp vibe harder unless im thinkin thought i dont wanna think about
 i regret all my weed sonata material
 i told my mom i made cake pops and brownies but i didnt tell her i put weed in them and she wants to buy some
 no one wants to sell me weed....
 she dont even smoke and she swear i got that dope
 i dont think ive spent a day sober in like 2 years. somehow even when i was dankrupt and broke i managed to smoke somehow 
 man city gonna smoke arsenal
 i dont even smoke and i feel his pain 
 i need to smoke bro
 is that versace nah thats weedsace lol
 if we being honest i dont even do drugs i just smoke weed
 thats like me saying im addicted to crack but i havent smoked any 
 if they dont know your roots  gotta weed em out.
 girls who smoke cigs are automatic trash in my book ur a girl take fuckin care of yourself  nobody likes a bitch that smells like an ashtray
 @kevintakumi @foxla you can see the smoke plume from fontana.
 people are so judgeyyyyy holy smokes
 lmao its funny cause thats exactly what weed would look like if it was our government 
 if you buying weed 1520g you just got finessed worse than a chick buying 300 hair off ig
 dude lavar ball smokes crack  only explanation
 so the government wants people to smoke grass  
 foh. wapost. youre a conservative paper whos against weed legalization but yall know the government doesnt sell 
 people who say they just want to smoke a joint at home arent happy. they just say they are.
 lol i dont know why people are like it would be great to hang with dances  nothing happening over here man but weed net jawns and rap
 ill give you the weed i just want you to roll it
 lavar ball looks like a former gangster  who smoked crack all throughout the 90s. thats why he says all this bull shit.
 yall need ghost writers for arguments yall smoke crack 
 i feel like once you hit 16 and smokin weed everyday and gettin pussy than you old enough to pay a wifi bill or sumn
 bitch your mom gives you money all the time and you spend it on weed 
 @acosta man im tryin to quit smokin hard..... ive spent too many hours around heavysmoking feds for real. ciafbi morons always smoke
 im always in a bad mood when i dont get to smoke a couple bowls throughout the day
 my dad gets mad when someone says he smokes too much. i get mad when he tells me how i need to save money. youre waisting yours on cigs
 blizzard essentials weed  wine amp water
 blizzard essentials weed  wine amp water
 i wish people who smoke understood how freakin bad it stinks to someone that doesnt smoke 
 i just want good head and good weed 
 i am thinking that if marijuana were legalized  the taxes alone would pay for our national health care here in usa. obama care
 just lame cause ppl the weed smokers are all lazy and bums like naw g thats your  choice
 i dont need marijuana. but i really like it lol
 no smoke 2017  @rocmarci ft. knowledge the pirate  off the lp rosebudds revenge. 
 me af or black smoke  you buying diesel or nah 
 i wanna smoke.. ion think i have ever felt this much emotion in so damn long..
 ask me about tan extending lotions. i have really good prices on hempz  california tan and amir 
  either you got money or you always got weed when they tryin to get high fah free  
 today i made 12 and spent 40 on weed. todaywasagoodday idcanymore
 good thing i dont smoke 
 anybody want smoke 
 dont smoke them brown cigarettes
 the president like me he smoke weed too....  dont really like to fuck i just get head too ....
 @saltyannebonney @abc @realdonaldtrump i know people who dont work amp get free healthcare.  instead of work they smoke pot every single day
 @roygarzag just said we should make an igloo to smoke in
 get big  get a good education  smoke good  and get money
 what are the hot topics in the cannabis industry that you feel people shy away from talking about we want to know  so we can address them.
 @michaell0302 hemp requires more labour to make it into plastic  more jobs. takes even more work to make it fuel  more jobs.
 aye we gone smoke these swishers and get high
 i dont like anyones parents knowing i smoke thats just me .. 
 not smokin anymore ports for the absence of weed  da shit cant subtitute it
 smoke da smoke @dgainz 
 i got spoiled smokin good weed out there all the time and now i really dont smoke if it aint no pressure
 dont have anything to drink or smoke when im home so i buy shit online andor eat really bad food most nights
 ive been in debt for a quad for like 3 months now  i keep buying quads and just smoke it all before i can pay this person back
 let her smoke my dope   aye
 i dont wanna no smoke witchu niggas .
 smoke some  drink some  pop one.  smoke some  drink some  pop one. smoke some  drink some  poppppp one. smoke some drink some popppp one.
 moms refuse to give me bread she said i spend all my money on liq and weed 
 @swervho i dont smoke cigs either  im just saying nobody mentioned weed except for you my bruh lol
 i just want to smoke and some good company.
 some ppl buy milk amp bread for the storm  some of us buy 3 bottles of wine amp half an ounce of weed. its called balance 
 it makes me happy when a friend hits my line like bro smoke this blizz with me
 i could have smoked like 3 cigs by now. why am i waiting for this shit
 funny how i used to hate julian legally and now i smoke crack with him and drink with him almost everyday we dont smoke crack  just weed
 whos got a whip and wants to smoke 
 328 is national weed appreciation day and 420 is national weed day and if that doesnt tell you how much we love weed then idk what will
 dont snapchat me videos of you smoking weed. i dont care
 gettin money gettin pssy gettin nggas smoked
 nick is a weed addict and daniel is throwing away his weed to do better in school i dont know which one i am i think im seth rogen
 she just wants to kick it with some gs smoke some trees pop some ps later shell be on her knees
 she want a bag and she want some weed
 swallowed the bottle while he sat back and smoked gelato
 listen to smoke  really want it  by smoke np on soundcloud  another 1 for yall. deerfield nigga all day..
 lindsay wack ass dont even know what to do with all that weed lmaoo
 listen to smoke  really want it  by smoke np on soundcloud  1...deerfield nigga all day fucks wit it
 all you niggas that sell weed in kc area all weak af an not bout yo hustle i offer 15 of gas money on top of the g i want an u cant pull up
 ion smoke or drink lmao im one sober nigga.
 is this shit even weed anymore 
 yo @schoolboyq can i help you smoke that shit bro
 she dont smoke cigarettes and i dont wear cheap cologne 
 drinking because i dont smoke 
 when life tests us and tries our patience sometimes all we can do is say fuck and smoke some grade a kush praying things b alright 
 schoolboy q just pulled out packs of weed and didnt mention no cookie or gelato. real nigga lol
 dude just gave me some weed to try at work....
 @slowcashdawgazz i dont smoke 
 im sorry   but if you believe that marijuana is a gateway drug   youre wrong and dont @ me.
 the new gateway drug is fake weed  
 how is it that weed is illegal  but alcohol is legal which kills more people
 i smoke so much i dont have to hold hits in dont tell me how to live my life youre not my supervisor 
 she pop xs   i smoke os  tic tac toe
 guys dont be mad at me.... but i swear the smoke shop by my hotel is closed 
 im in a relationship with weed. weed dont cheat  weed dont lie  weed dont fuck with my feelings  we dont disappoint.
 how i dont smoke woods but i roll em better than 95 of niggas
 i have so much mota my tio left me but i dont even smoke.... 
 roll so much damn weed up wit my feet up we dont come in last
 chefs smoke so fucking much holy shit
 if you offer me a gummy bear and its not full of enough weed to slow an elephant  i dont want to know you.
 i blow  og i dont smoke no fucking purple haze.
 i smoke a bong it filters out all the addictive shit
 ion drink i just smoke .
 i dont even want to think about how much ive spent in the last year on weed its 5 figures for sure
 ask me about my new gas what i smoke tattoo
 i dont think i will ever stop smoking weed
 nah. twitter beef thats about it. niggas dont want smoke 
 i dont like to smoke by myself but i will if i got to .
 idgaf if im judged for this but watching other people smoke really makes me wish i could smoke a b to myself
 hey  sonic the hedgehog is in here. he just gave me a big bag of weed
 i want regular brownies dont be putting weed in my shit
 who wants to smoke
 now yall need to invest a sprinkler system that sprays smokers who feel they have the right to smoke at bus stops 
 why you smoke so much 
 you dont smoke g 
 why does everyone smoke cigs with my mom
 how much weed is enough for a 9 hr trip i say 4.5 should be fine.
 bro where the weed at
 when wiz still smoked blunts 
 damn i dont have a smoke spot
 why do people even vape like quit being a pussy and smoke crack
 how you be so broke but still find a why to smoke dope 
 i swear the world would be so much better if people werent so uptight and anal like smoke a j or somethin pls
 i dont need weed to be creative and laugh anymore. its all about that endo cannibinoid system. weed helps with everything though for sure.
 sip  pop pills  smoke good  and bang screw
 i just spent 105 on weed
 yes a automatically get a medical card here in california and no im not buying you weed. you aint family. fuck off
 i know you smoke weed cause i do 
 no weed to smoke tonight. my plug decided he dont trap anymore. he plays ball now. like wtf
 baby girl dont want no smoke. you see me everyday and dont say shit but clearly sub me.
 ion smoke crack mothafucka i sell it
 i dont smoke  i dont drink  but i still know how to have fun without all that .
 thats all the shit you not suppose to smoke 
 1 i dont smoke
 @watermelonxhead you still owe me a smoke out
 if i go out every weekend and drink or smoke thats my bad and at the end of the day ima pay the consequences 
 this pic over a month old i dont smoke anymore so dont ask 
 it can never be too much weed 
 the irony when your shitty coworker tries to bash you for smoking weed as if he doesnt brag about coming into work 
 i smoke so much idec what ppl think anymore
 i really dont sleep when i dont smoke before bed .
 i dont smoke  drink none of that shit
 @jakealmanza once i pass the drug test we gonna smoke a penis and get lit
 me you literally buy me everything i want but you wont give me weed him 
 being around high people when you dont smoke is annoying .
 @kennndoll i just be talking  aint no stunt if i smoke then i smoke if i dont then i dont
 im really just trying to smoke weed  not kill myself amp look at megan fox all day
 530545 blizzard day.  yuck  top 10 things to do during a blizzard 18777642535.  smoke em if ya got em  snow storm
 this blunt got me feeling dumb i dont think that was weed
 dont smoke 
 my amazing president  motivator  builder   patriot  a family man  do not smoke  drink or take drugs. thank you god 
 i dont even smoke like that but yall   
 i dont even know how i just got high its like weed follow everywhere i go...
 if i could smoke in my crib id start buying furniture and act like i pay the mortgage
  weed pills covered by  insherins  what if  by saidv
 alls im saying is where theres smoke... russia trump putinspuppet treason russiagate steeledossier 
 kind of pumped to fight this weed ticket tomorrow.   if they dont have video of me buying it  all they have is their illegal search 
 i smell weed and i looked around then smelled my shirt like wtf i dont even smoke  its just a habit 
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 smoking weed makes me appreciate life more to be honest lol
 i had so much weed i aint even have to buy none for the storm 
 ima be high all day from giving people dabs. ugh and i dont even smoke lol
 smoking on exotic my nigga treb dont smoke black and mild 
 why ya flexing boy you dont want no smoke 
 u can have a drink or a smoke as long as know what in for lol
 @prinnncesslex happy bday lil shit black out smoke some dip onlyliveonce 
 money for weed amp space jams but no bed 
 @chiefkeef my niggas be on gta if you really want smoke
 want to smoke cigs eat crap food and play load music that makes ppl uncomfortable but am a different kind of misfit today
 ion want no negativity in the air i just want gas smoke in the air
 why are people so surprised that i dont smoke weed... people literally call me a liar when i say i dont 
 this why the government is so against weed. look at that shit i wouldnt want people smoking that either. 
 @foxandfriends many forced on2 medicaid dont want to be there. all smoke n mirrors fullrepeal let the markets work. @potus
 i need someone who know how to make weed butter im trying to make chocolate rice crispys lol
 10k is better than an 850 credit score the fuck do yall smoke
 proud that i actually dont smoke cigarettes anymore.
 she just wanna smoke and fuck and pop percs and snort xans off my dick while she watch me play 2k i said girl thats all that we do
 @garettwoods bro i literally hate being by myself. i hate it so much. why do you think i buy all this shit all this weed and wax and beer
 yall i want this job so bad im determined man. done smoking weed and all.  send one up for me 
 dont smoke rock
 mood really does a complete 180 when weed is in my system
 americans spent 53.5 billion on marijuana in 2016. if that doesnt fund our broken public school system  then idk what will
 or the na i dont smoke cigarettes lol fuuuuck yall ppl trick me
 im so fucking pissed why do i always get called in to work on my day off right after i smoke  like bro i cannot sell for my life
 this is why you dont put nida in charge of growing your weed 
 should i say his weed habit  who gives a shit what year im from. 
  solubrio the worlds only 100 pure hypochlorous  specifically formulated for the cannabis industry   hocl i502
 im really want all the smoke with anybody who want smoke with me today
 im like damn i spent your check up on some weed
 no you dont  its like they dont care that i smoke .. but i cant smoke in the house  
 i dont know what the fuck you talking about  weed was there for me when i suffered heartbreak amp helped me heal 
 @marklevinshow i love it   stick that up your ass and smoke it brianstelter  
 i just want smoke amp eat 
 my only blizzard essentials are dick turkey bacon amp weed
 i dont smoke marijuana and i dont drink that much if thats what youre assuming my english professor
 @datgudlife you used to smoke edibles and eat blunts w me
 im telling yall  i want to smoke whatever hes smoking 
 girls that smoke weed dont care ab what u think  
 buying weed shouldve been your last concern... 
 im running out of reasons why i dont smoke weed. my latest excuseit looks like a vegetable and i hate veggies. the dude just said oh
 people who smoke weed 247 but cant manage to graduate from hope like u crack me up
 oh shit i still had some weed left. time to get high and dye my overalls 
 @daybracey hahaha i dont smoke weed why does everyone think that about me
 crazy shit when old highschool friends who judged you for smoking later on ask you if you know any1 that has some. ha ah nope. smoke waaa
 around my nigga friends i act all crazy  but around him i just be all lady like  keep quiet  roll up amp just smoke the blunt.
 oh no no no baby  smoke so much dont need no visine.
 i want to smoke so bad 
 ion kno if it was the weed or cuz she ate tokyo grill before we did it
 so im about to be live on @cheddar tv talking about cannabis @ sxsw 
 if you know where my new header is from  ill give you five dollars and a bowl to smoke.
 i dont smoke crack mfer i sell it
 you dont want this smoke son
 who wants to smoke with ya girl later ehhhhh
 its snowing and cold af now everybody want a cuddle buddy   i just want some weed and hot chocolate im good.
 dont smoke a black and talk in my face with that shit breath 
 you can tell how much you mean to someone by the strain of weed they choose to smoke with you
 nvm i smoke to damn much didnt even set the alarm  
 lol its a few bitches ion fw cause they wanted weed in clout you wont get that from me baby
 buy something so i have weed money 
 oops. dont try to pack a bowl with wet nail polish unless u like that weedsprinkled nail look
 so what i smoke weed. that doesnt make me a bad mom. lol
 shoot the weed man kuz the dope aint smoking pop
 pic on the right looks like a gardeners walked thru my kitchen.  i dont even smoke weed and can tell that govt we 
 id never smoke that. ever. idc if they gave me a free ounce 
 you think i smoke too much  i think your friends all suck
 i cant fw nobody that smoke cigarettes  ...... cuz you clearly dont fw yo self 
 tell me why i was looking at pictures of weed this morning half asleep  going fuhhh lol i dont even do the weed
 yall can smoke that shit but i will not 
 lmao if you think grinding weed w scissors is funny  you dont know much about smoking fam 
 nun wrong with smoking but i cant be around niggas thats just wanna smoke all day everyday an not try to make no type of money
 she swallow the bottle  while i sit back and smoke gelato 
 i dont like niggas that smoke everyday .. but if you do atleast your self up . dont skip haircuts either  the shit look bummy
 i dont even see a smoke ring on this 
 she swallowed the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 like when they said weed kills brain cells. what they didnt tell you is that the monkeys used in that study were s 
 days off clean  smoke  eat  repeat
 nigga smoked so much yesterday ion wanna smoke today
 @heidipriebe1 does smokes count they have one near hollywood if your ever around l.a.
 happy birthday to the only dude i can sit and smoke over 20 blunts with in a night. @liamdurham33 hb bro make mrs. nehrbass proud
 my nigga dont smoke 
 im disowning anybody that i know that went to padre.. dont hmu to smoke  dont shake my hand. none of that 
 i dont smoke nor drink or pop amp im proud of myself for dat.
 erryday nigga i smoke at least a kd.
 attention parents  just when you thought marijuana wasnt a gateway drug  here comes dabs  
 i dont understand girls who saying smoking weed is unattractive... like what lol
 life goes on no matter what thats why i smoke my blunts amp dont dwell on shit
 this girl is sitting next to google how much does a hit of weed stay in your hair  and im weak
 this girl im sitting next to google how much does a hit of weed stay in your hair  and im weak
 susanhyland has used crack cocaine for 13yrs  regularly consumed alcohol  pcp  prescription painkillers amp marijuana
 if youre an asshole to your coworkers dont be shocked when no one wants to help you when youre in the weeds.
 i didnt even know he smoked
 @ajconwashington whats so good abt cannabis oil poor absorption  unreliable onset  prolonged duration. much better ways 2 treat.
 feds pull me over they say i looked loaded i said no sir its just marijuana @chiefkeef 
 @erok1021 u know i dont smoke
 its a song i dont smoke backwoods  straight swisher sweets 
 i dont smoke backwoods i only smoke swishers but fin to start smoking out of raws 
 @jac3347 @stowrmyy alcohol is an addictive  and deadly substance that greatly impairs but its not a drug. yet people call weed drugs.
 bringatvshowtocollege pure genius at rolling weed
 high risk hc pools do make sense. if you eat  drink  smoke amp sit all day  you most likely will cost the system govt a lot of 
 there isnt even a smoke ring on this lol 
 i want a job so i can save for a car amp buy weed amp food bc i stay wanting mcdonalds
 these niggas talk real good but they really dont want no smoke wit me
 he can smoke crack if he wants
 i just finished weeds and i dont know what to do with my life
 lmao i dont get the governments crusade against marijuana i really dont 
 never will i understand bringing your kid to a smoking area. even when i smoked i never did that dumb stuff
 colorado weed and peoria sticks
 lol what yall been testing whatever that is and not actual marijuana  
 why does everyone look @ me and assume i smoke pot i dont
 bro that shake dont even look good for u lmao. i wouldnt smoke that shit 
 im really about to stop bullshitting on people and moves. start doing more shit. i dont do shit but work and smoke and sleep .
 my people could honestly care less if i smoked or not. they know im on my shit
 @tmagazine um theres a weed in your drink
 they aint want no smoke 
 dont forget hemp n cannabis 
 i hate how i feel nasty when i dont smoke
 mine call we weed crack. 
 how life is people want u fuck up  not sure of theyself when we do this competition in school iin i smoke em they might be mad am winning
 i dont want no government weed 
 @radiusarnold i need a drink and a cigarette. and i dont even smoke.
 they like damn b where you been im like on ah life jugg smokein dope gettin this guap
 the weed dont make it past yall tonsils amp yall lil asses be like 
 disgusting dont buy cannabis that looks like government marijuana ever 
 showcasing whats left of my kitties amp weed series at the joint show 328 @northbowlphilly and selling my roll your 
 bigots dont get to smoke
 damn niggas lying saying i say this nd that on smoke im thru with a lot of niggas gossip like bitches
 i dont even smoke. 
 im just tryna smoke whatever wiz khalifa be smokin
 nigggas really smokin weed at the gas station smh
 happy birthday day jayjay hope your having a good day be safe smoke sesh soon w me you n bry @jg5 
 your mcm buys the government marijuana for 30g 
 smoke the weed and laugh at em  
 cuz im in love wit the dope smokes
 this nigga really keeping my book hostage that i let him borrow like wtf its not weed or money just give me my shit back.
 i know i really dislike someone when i find out they smoke weed and they are still whack.
 lol @reversalyoutube know anyone who smokes 
 i been buying weed off craigslist like its nothing lmao
 dont say to me lets smoke if you dont have weed nor money ..this aint a charity ..ight moe
 its crazy how much people smoke cigs and chew in mn considering it being so expensive. everything is like half the price here
 @lostminds @yazmeneautumn lmaooooo i dont smoke roaches idc 
 tryin to smoke
 i think im getting secondhand smoke over here... and i dont mean cigarettes  thestreetsofsanfrancisco
 i love when people try to argue with me about weed. like i promise you will lose so just save yourself the embarrassment.
 accurate my mother dont even let me smoke hookah in her presence 
 my friends parents used to sell it and shell smoke with them. shit is wild 
 theres to much smoke around this for there to be no fire 
 oh shit you right dont mind me i smoke too much  
 running through these pounds shows you how much a nigga smoke. @chiefkeef
 if weed is a gateway to actual harmful drugs than alcohol is a gateway to beating your wife and auto accidents
 is weeds worth watching
 part of me wants to smoke... the other part wants to not move...
 jk i dont smoke that loud  i get that boot
 imma smoke weed cause thats whats niggers do i aint going change for nobody 
 @danicagail you know i smoke too much to ever be mad  i just felt like expressing my thoughts 
 whats up my neck hurts amp i sound like i smoke 2 packs a day when i talk  but @canehill was 110 worth it. i already want to see them again
 you smoke cigarettes and drinks coors lights while tanning at orchard beach 
 i no longer smoke weed  dont care for it anymore  havent smoked in 2 days lol.
 @andergrammar i just want to smoke menthols and have crazy bdsm sex with my boyfriend mom  is that too much to ask 
 boof ass weed is not enough to keep conversation anymore.
 girl what do you wanna do  me up to you  me actually lets sit in this laundry room and puff on the ganja until our heads hurt from metal
 me readying this while fueling my weed addiction with money i dont have tea   
 ilearnedfromhighschool that weed is a stress reliever
 you  my friend  smoke crack. 
 yall can have the weed and the pills  im about to start selling weave. thats where the money is at
 smoke weed  drink water  dont eat too to late n youll see some results baby
 dont come around me smokin weed. i will fuck you up 
 you should try weed. it helps you relax amp not stress
 shoot your weed man if the dope dont smoke 
 any1 know of any1 selling weed pls i need some moreeeeee
 just changed my tv subscription to watch this. holy smokes. 
 nigga at work talmbout we only smoke crack over here 
 ppl think im just obsessed with smoking weed but that shit really has a whole economy and history that intrigues me fr
 my bestfriend be like i need a cigarette amp i dont even smoke 
 im so sad that im out of weed. i bought a half ounce and it didnt even last more than 5 days. 
 when the smoke clears  and youre by your self what will you have to remember
 really wants everyone to know she smokes
 i dont care if you smoke but if youre outside smoking more than you are working  thats when i have a problem with it. 
 dont smoke  dont drink but ill easily run yo pockets.
 @xann1elle look gd n you on some weed shit too u i love u girl 
 you dont want smoke cousin 
 im so scared. they are going to make their own goverment strain and make people smoke it and kill us all 
 @oneshadowlove why you call it reefer
 true life i smoke too much weed
 im in love wit that dope smoke. @chiefkeef
 man i aint bothering nobody i just wanna smoke my weed.  can a young nigga live thusm   
 we dont count the same cash or smoke the same weed. @chiefkeef
 you want smoke wassup get yo ass scuffed. @chiefkeef
 1 of my kids from my last job followed me on ig.. he posting weed pics.. man be smart about it.. you dont need that now.. i gotta go back
 you dont know how it came to this but you just dont feel comfortable operating a chainsaw without a beer and a smoke
 i dont even bother to buy bud anymore mfs be out here talkin bout gorilla glue really be gorilla who foh wit ya wack ass weed
 lay with me  smoke with me  laugh with me.. i just want the simple things .. 
 i love ya @mnwild but you make me want to smoke 
 yall dont even smoke crack
 i dont smoke  so it really doesnt matter 
 i dont like a weed high 
 reason why i dont smoke 
 mann its so cold outside ion even much wanna smoke rt
 i just finished weeds. it was deeply unsatisfying. please help me choose a new tv series. i feel like ill hate entourage.
 another cigarette burn in my car and i dont even smoke 
 finna smoke some more so i dont feel this back pain
 happy birthday to the boss himself @trevorcolden love you g stay up smoke one for ya boi
 i smoke lots of dope
 i remember i was in a pissy mood one day and my boy who knows i dont smoke handed me a blunt and i flushed it down the toilet. i was hot
 if you smoke .5 sweets dont ever hml askin to match  is you stupid
 if you dont smoke  and someone offers you reggie say no
 i smoke swishersi smoke to get high not to look good that shit is gettin burned g
 @kurteichenwald unless you sell capital gains you dont get taxed on it. lay off the canabis.
 constantly torn between wanting to dress like a super cute whittie or like a hippie stoner. dont be alarmed family. i dont smoke
 i got brothers i dont need no friends my shoes off im comfortable  im chillin smokin weed again 
 i dont smoke cigarettes but i could only imagine that they go good with coffee
 people get so disappointed when they ask me do i smoke and i say no 
 but he wants to smoke so im happy 
 pop a zoloft  and smoke a regular blunt
 thesmokehousebbq dinnertime @ the smokehouse bbq 
 i smoke 2 much
 dont inject the weed guys  the devils marijuanas isnt good for your health
 females always make niggas feel emotional until we be like fuck that shit where the weed at i love you to
 as hard as i work. i can smoke whatever tf i want and dont tell me otherwise
 dont nobody want no smoke 
 i just want some food so i can smoke 
 phone call received at work um miss do yall carry the medical marijuana magazines  im sorry  what
 i dont smoke crack muthafacka  i sell it...
 lmfaoo thats seasoning they been testing    this isnt oregano this is governmentissued marijuana  
 backwoods over load dont like to smoke them swishers hoe
 i just want to grow my own weed in my garden this summer but nah no one wants to federal tax this shit for it to become legal
 i want all fucking smoke 
 no i dont smoke crack
 someone just bought ice for 4 people for 200..im just happy the worst i have to deal with is weedmans rat ass
 nah she cool tho  but she dont smoke weed. kinda off  she said nigga too  
 guy selling pot and cocaine umm no i dont smoke ciggarettes theyre bad for you
 i bought a whole new macbook and i dont do shit but roll my weed up on it
 and i dont even smoke
 i want a boy who smoke lets smoke together and get this money 
 hunter fell into a weed coma in the closet and i dont know when to wake him up  its been an hour at least lol
 i feel like people get disappointed when they hit me up to smoke and i have to tell them i dont smoke weed 
 if i want to smoke i can
 yo  we dont even need to smoke  we can slap music and just sit in the tub like this smh wow 
 when you dont smoke  so guys have  to think of a better way to ask you for your time. 
 give a fuck how much you smoke lol
 oh bull i dont believe trump paid taxes he him self said hes smart and didnt pay any taxes a smoke screen saying that they published 2005s
 if youre a weed man and youre turning down business right now  youre retarded. get this money while you still can.
 i want to smoke backwoods with you again.
 really want to smoke sunset sherb right about now
 anyone want to smoke
 a couple bitches want smoke but them couple bitches aint saying nothing 
 i want to quit marijuana for good
 i honestly dont understand how people look down on  disrespect  and insult us people who dont smoke andor drinkwake up please
 i dont be cooking at all i just put weed in the bowl 
 its my birfday  smoke me out amp give me money
 back in texas. dude i just want to be home already. and smoke a fattyyyyyy.
 is this looseleaf tea  or some exotic marijuana strain
 mama the weed aint workin anymore
 i just want this weed amp a bottleeee
 damen so happy he smoke 15 a g fucking show off 
 i dont even smoke no more bro. 
 i dont like my weed put in a grinder
 let me shut up for he beat up  cus i forgot he is a woman beater  ion want no smoke
 i spend entirely too much money on weed
 whenever i watch cowboy bebop  spike makes me want to smoke a cigarette
 she smokes crack 
 good vibes  weed amp money is all i want for my birthday 
 flexin like im broke  no money bc i am the pope  this is no joke  kush strong we dont smoke on no dope
 i dont smoke too much u dont  smoke enough
 bro i stg i can be any where and a nigga ask me if i know where the smoke at .
 welp im about to smoke all 3 of these blunts me  myself and i . i dont need this bottle he might not have a car in the morning .
 i dont think nobody smoke more then me
 @perreli102 already fam i smoke like wiz
 lets go smoke  smoke the competition always grinding man  nothin compares  whats a smoke 
 who the fuck smokes weed anymore
 captainobvious smoking weed amp smashing baddies doesnt make you a horrible person. kno what im 
 @sugadaddyk i dont smoke 
 spend all his money on weed it looks like  
 psa dont vape like this guy  smoke cigs 
 this nigga sucking my toes and im smoking his weed and his girlfriend calls his phone.
 its so funny seeing all these people who judged so hard on us weed smokers  burn and brag about it lol.... yall some phonies
 i dont smoke but yikes this article is brutal 
 you females that smoke amp drink during pregnancy are so damn selfish. do you not think of how much it affects your poor little baby
 almost wanton 2 weed out types th@ disagree violences onsets always ironically weakunnecessary.s  however  r worthy rep of humanity
 got republished by @thrillist  todaywasagoodday   the secret pleasures of weed and chopsticks @thrillist 
 we used to netflix and roll i used to pass her the smoke she used to laugh at my jokes
 hate when people call me a stoner i dont even smoke
 just want it to be saturday so i can smoke already 
 nobody want smoke in pool 
 she rollin weed and she dont even smoke
 @hersheyyyy i just might pop up next week sometime and smoke an l with you and terri if youll be on third  miss yall mutha fuckas
 too much alcohol amp weed in my system to be sleep.
 i should smoke but fuck that dont feel like rolling up
 smoke weed and make money 
 @chadlogans youd be surprised how many people want quantities of weed for prices that arent at a dispensary then..
 bro  the nigga that works overnight at jack in the box in hempstead is hilarious.
 i smoked so much weed im not even high anymore 
 we dont smoke blunts bitch wiz vc 
 why do some people smoke and show off their drugs everyday tryin to look like some rap icon  we know you broke like the rest of us
 need to quit smoking  eat better  amp exercise. want to smoke a pack while drinking a few beers in my bed. 
 its sad cause i didnt even see the boy in the pic i saw the weed first  
 i dont even smoke weed anymore since i lost my huf socks
 miami taught me one vauluable lesson. dont smoke like u a rapper. boy you got asthma
 why do people feel the need to drink and smoke across the street from our apartment
 dont understand why people cant respect the fact that i dont drink... i respect the fact that you dont smoke... so gtfo my face
 i dont know if i want smoke while im in the tub or if i want wait till i get out  choices
 smokin rapper weed w malik
 i feel terrible  cant even smoke yo 
 my boyfriend and weed are my only stress relievers 
 repost @unclemurda with @repostapp  i dont pop molly i pop weed 
 repost @unclemurda with @repostapp  i dont pop molly i pop weed 
 napped  woke up amp smoked now i feel soooo much better
 mind you  i dont smoke and i am still shook.
 @roverradio rover  drug expert.  does even smoke  clueless on dab  but trust him  he is smart.
 @0greggg i dont smoke everyday nigga 
 kinda want to smoke before school
 you know that smoke for 
 its just weed not crack aint like im dying over here 
 if i buy weed and i fall asleep  that dont mean you smoke my weed.
 i honestly dont know how yall can go to work and put up with the shit that you put up with  and not smoke weed be 
 i want to sit down and smoke with snoop while we talk about how hes gonna diss trump lol 
 unless ur the one thats copping or inhaling for me  dont tell me about how much i smoke.
 ceo looking to weed out snowflakes doesnt want people who feel entitledhttpst.co1xqv6ux41l
 pop a chill pill drink some lean and smoke
 she just a hoodbooger probably claim she exotic. the only thing thats exotic is all this weed in my pocket
 just heard one of ice cubes best comments ever  i found the weed man in the amazon  no damn burger stands in the amazon though
 you dont even smoke 
 dont know why im bothered by the shit you say... i know its all lies and smoke and mirrors.....
 shell casing  muzzle with smoke drawn on aaronhernandez right arm wcvb 
 @andevers same  but cannabisinfused because i cannot handle this shit anymore.
 yall ever hit a lick me and my boy got bags of marijuana from this kid and we bout beat shit out of em and his brother. i gotta repent.
 ion test a female that smoke blacks
 my art professor spent half the class telling us about how he got arrested in mexico for buying weed 
 listening to @jeffsessions talking about marijuana  really makes me want to smoke a bowl sessionsisagatewaydrug
 ok people its not 420 but it really is time .......  smoke em if ya got em ....
 yo fuck carolay lol fuck anybody whos fake and wants to judge you. im young and doing me  ima smoke  fuck  be young and do me. fuck a fake
 if you ever robbed somebody and i know about it please dont ask me for my weedman or plug cause i ain giving you shit tbh
 @letmegetinontha you want smoke
 just as people move on to the next drug  you can make the arguement that myspace was the gateway as weed is to others @mishakeet
 who wants to smoke
 i just dont see how some of yall niggas is comfortable having to go smoke outside on the porch cause you like 27 at the crib wit moms lol
 ion smoke and ion even agree with 1 of this smoke a lil weed aint gone hurt nobody 
 lol bruh  i dont even smoke but  uh  cool your jets. 
 max the k9 will be able to detect four drugs marijuana  meth  cocaine and heroin. @wcpo
 @bethreinhard i dont do drugs but whoever said this is a complete idiot. one kills people the other doesnt. heroine is pure evil. weed no
 @monoxide420life @lilithmoon1313 yeah i wouldnt give a fuck either  weed isnt bad  cops should go after the harder shit but they rather ..
 seenontinder i just want to cuddle and make out and smoke weed.
 just as crack babies never smoked crack  their parents lifestyles directly affect their mentality 
 yoooo yall dont smoke right  wheres the smoke in the exhale
 my doctor goes i dont care if you smoke marijuana  just be smart about it  thanks man
 bro i aint kno you smoked. 
 i dont love em  i dont chase em i duck em  smoke something  go to a new state soon as i fuck em 
 i dont give a shit if weed is legal in denver and dont come into an office smelling like a blunt so annoying af
 i dont give a shit if weed is legal in denver  dont come into an office smelling like a blunt so annoying af
 this is awful. welcome to a world where the ag believes weed is nearly as bad as dope. get a grip. talk to people. 
 i cant believe i used to smoke cigs nasty ass shit
 people compare how you smoke your weed to how much money you got. ha .
 i had a drug test from my p.o you know i failed cause i done smoked major weed bro
 the looks i get from people when i tell them i dont smoke are so funny
 lmao you dont want no smoke 
 i hate when people say weed is a gateway drug 
 a bitch dont get a meal roll this weed fa me
 i get what you saying but not necessarily. i know people that dont smoke as heavy so it takes less weed for them t 
 i dont understand how someone can honestly think that weed is just as bad as heroin.
 @whiteeeboyyy @freebandznoon lol shit brandon wont even race for a smoke out . lmfaoo
 im not i can actually cook. you can smoke all you want 
 @knuckifyoubukk tell them to go to a smoke shop and get a flush pill andor the 7 day orange drink detox that you can mix with water
 bout to smoke this dope dahighway
 dont smoke to get high  dont smoke to get by  smoke cause you want to.
 fuck it imma b smokin weed like cigs
 niggas out here selling weed with the money they parents give them  like thats not how this work
 my life is surrounded around money   weed   girls   fashion   an cars .
 ill put yall in a weed coma all i smoke is strong
 @moneytsa lol look how much of the blunt i smoked  
 ppl b thinking im high and i dont even smoke lol
 yall know marijuana can help alleviate seizures in small children youre literally maligning medicine for toddler 
 i smoke dope with the demons @poodafrm300 lamronchubbz300 lamronjl300 @300oj febjmacfrm300   
 i used to smoke a pack of cigs a day  and now the smell of cigs makes me want to barf in the persons mouth who is smoking it 
 who wants to smoke and get some food pls 
 @stonedbecca your parents dont care i use to smoke at my boys crib or car but when i want to neck   and its not cold i smoke outside
 on the way to the house show  i smoked my weight in cigarettes and after an attempt to make you laugh you gave me a smile for a life time.
 spend 20 for one of these instead of your luh 10 heads on one sack baser weed smoker dudes 
 @forestvvv dont forget to smoke all the blunts today matt  happy bday
 they say i smoke too much... lean too much
 if i ever smoked a backwoods just know   im trying to take myself out ...
 rapper weed 
 mannnn i smoke so much kush that when im dry i scrape the resin from my pieces like a good drug addict
 just wanted to let you all know just how much i love the hemp balm and lotion for the hands. it works awesome 
 @iran @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @kvue @whitehouse @harvard they fucked a crabber on a crab commercial in astoria and smoked meth
 theres nothing wrong with drug tests so long as marijuana is excluded. 
 my goal is to be a substitute teacher so i can smoke with your children
 all those rest in peace but you niccas aint got no heat and dont want no smoke freegame
 @twatsherface @kingtut95 now now now there is no such thing as too much weed  i think we can agree on that blunts are just a diff story
 people that smoke crack 
 happy birthday @pambamxo drink up or smoke up which ever it have fun
 i dont smoke no fucking purple haze
 i dont understand peoples reasoning in thinking weed is so horrible. have you heard of anyone oding no. we just chillin thats all
 dont be a bitch and blame weed for your weight gain  hun
 all i want is to smoke dope w a bad ass female
 people who smoke cigs  what are you doing 
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang
 catch me smokin weed  bare feet  eatin frozen fruit 
 dopest dope youve ever smoked
 im really just tryna smoke and lounge cause its my day off.
 i like my money green and my weed purple son
 people say pizzagate isnt true where there is smoke there is fire even if it isnt i would rather investigate and be wrong then do nothing
 snoop smoke too much to give af 
 lmao.. i had a whole weed stem in my hello kitties ...
 if you want to try amp make me feel bad for smoking weed all the time  youre literally stupid as fuck. smoke a blunt amp stfu.
 has sessions even met someone on weed  they pretty much just eat more and giggle
 you dont want that kind of smoke.... i feel like phillip morris  @rebellyus
 @cublion @sportsyack not true  im a smoker
 my friends come home and ask me if i have weed instead of time. feelin extra special. i dont have weed.
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin
 lmao my classmates smoke soooo much weed  its funny.
 people always ask me why i dont smoke. cardio already sucks ass as it is  im not trying to do that shit on expert mode.
 but thats honestly so hard to get. when do you jnow when youve had enough drinks or hit the weed enough 
 i dont even buy weed 
 only person im comfortable giving my money to is the weed man
 that bad weed make me 
 @makaksayshi you dont want that bf1 smoke
 youu dont really smoke ion think youu should fuck wit this ..
 bitch you still smoke games dont @ me  
 marijuana is not a gateway drug  marijuana is not a gateway drug  marijuana is not a gateway drug  marijuana is not a gateway drug 
 the fact that @jeffsessions said marijuana is comparable to heroin is tantamount to his stupidity and inability to serve the us people.
 same  the reason why i smoke them 
 everybody be so shocked when i tell them i dont smoke.  it just dont fit me
 @jerryferrara smokin too much weed turtle
 all my bitch gotta do is count my money count my zans weight the weed roll my blunts and give me head is that asking for to much no
 dont stress over me baby girl  smoke dope.
 cleaned my room and david says now it doesnt look like someone who hits the crack pipe lives here... k david i dont smoke crack psycho
 ima sip until i feel it  ima smoke until its done. i dont really give a fuck  and my excuse is that im young
 nigga dont even smoke gone call me and say he got some blaze its smoking smh
 thank god i dont smoke anymore that shit lame ass fukk.
 i just gotta ask this question tho  why you in yo feelings tho why you on social media acting like you do but dont want smoke
 this ol head really wants smoke  
 i dont smoke but its a huge business. money would be pouring in 
 ordered weed leggings on my grandmas amazon and she instantly texted me pot pants not your style thanks amazon.. thanks for that email
 failing career snoop is 45 he not worried about making albums and sht anymore he just chillin smoking weed 
 hate when people ask to hit my blunts ... like nigga have you smoked me out first  if not dont ask 
 lil bro want all the smoke  
 @realsessions youre ok with alcohol and lobby for cigarettes but think cannabis is no good respectfully  are you a fucking idiot
 im really done smoking  im eating healthy  drinking water  amp leaving the marijuana alone.. its not for me anymore 
 @stotle @andylassner 2 much booze has always led me to make bad decisions. weed makes my anxiety disappear. the combo of the two is bad news
 u know its real when your weed becomes our weed
 lol  ya ever had ya plugs girl give you more weed just cause you a girl too
 brah  ya ever had your plugs girl offer you more weed than you need cause you a girl
 dont smoke rock if you live in a glass crack house @cthagod  bars
 o nonono baby smoke so much dont need some visine
 @marthamaccallum please dont forget how the cia can twist things around. smoke screens and diversions.
 @nowthisnews if i have to listen to this racist asshat at least give me weed as an option
 i buy enough weed to last for 23 months lol just so i always have some. it saves a lot of time and money.
 you smoke all that weed but you broke  shit dont add up at all
 @nymag yes  when opioids are killing more people than cars  than aids at its height in the us  by all means lets focus on marijuana.
 tell ur plug ill blow 4 weed
 think 45 put out his own taxes as a smoke cloud to make himself look good  thats why half are missing the part where all his money is
 mom so what all drugs have you done  me just lean and weed thats it  mom damn if you was smart you wouldnt have in the first place  me
 i dont smoke 
 you can tell he still smoke that bush 
 what it mean when girls say they dont buy weed
 i signed up to write about 420 when i dont even smoke fr. 
 @ayelenaa you said you dont smoke  im just saying
 i am bout to spend 150 on weed  today tho .. lol getting weed is like a bill for me.
 lmfao i will get to austin idc how i gotta get this jacket to smokepurrp
 cook crack or smoke crack 
 @kayleighehughes then dont smoke.
 i want to smoke a joint with @iamjspooks like a boss goals 
 @sasa2455 youre  a smoke show 
 i dont smoke weed bc i really dont have any brain cells to spare as it is lol im a biology major.
 wow you really are a dumb mf snoop smokes too much dope and you little man talk shit. talk is cheap just like you 
 my parents stress me out so much they make me wanna smoke a cigarette
 omg weed from amsterdam is so much better
 for the man too. no  i do not drink. smoke. do drugs  never been to a club. i never done solicitation
 dont ask why i smoke weed bitch
 im the person at crc that reeks of weed. sorry not sorry
 whats worst smoking weed or drink alcohol   quote it and tell me what yall think 
 @mountprimetime ion want no smoke 
 mensday wednesday smoke em if you got em 
 @cookingxmama and i dont even smoke so u dont gotta do dat 
 dangers of smoking marijuana why would we want to put something in our bodies which can create problems 
 nobody in pittsburgh has good weed anymore like tf
 just smoke with me baby  lay with me baby  laugh with baby i just want the simple things
 hate when mfs say the swallowed some weed and was high from it. stop fucking lying
 fuck people that used to chill with me when i smoked  i guess when i dont benefit in the blunt  im not worth while...
 it has a really good smoke amp coca flavor with a hint ... 2nd anniversary imperial stout  unaged 
 holi video from pushkar  the city where  20 yrs ago  kate winslets holy smoke was shot. today its turned into poo 
   i think im the only person frm philly who dnt pop pills amp smoke weed 
 she dont even smoke but she swear i got that dope dick
 being a weed rapper aint cool  its 2017
 smokin weed with some bitches in the club who dont drink
 and ion even smoke  and i need that mf 
 you dont want no smoke on that red top  
 i dont think im perfect just cause i dont wanna smoke amp drink amp do other stuff like other folks
 i dont want no smoke fool  sike naw ps4 only 
 me oh m g do you know what kind of chemicals are in that face wash do not buy it also me smokes menthol cigarettes
 been putting up 1.5 out of everything i smoke saving it for 420 i got like 8 gs already
 my girl doesnt smoke drugs  
 i can smoke alone ill drink alone thats why i never really care about plans. i could do that shit in bed 
 you already know we about to smoke this crack and get this money my dude
 tired of watching peoples snap chats and the only thing they do is smoke and drive around drinking a bottle
 dont be a bitch if u work at the cannabis club
 @dhubbard56 @kingmeech32 cuz you really weak. yaw dont want smoke w me. you just won by accident 
 idk how i havent failed a drug test when all i do is sit and hangout with my friends while they smoke tf down
 @cthagod bj said he dont like black porn cause he dont wanna see girls fuck the weed man for half a gram more  
 even tho i only smoke like only 3 times 
 is there any niggas out there that actually dont smoke  
 when i do have kids i want people to be able tell them good things about me instead of just tell them i use to sell them good weed
 be honest have you smoked week even just to try it
 be honest have you smoked weed even if it was to try it once im trying to prove a point.
 i smoke too much weed to be tripping over dumb shit.
 im so happy rn me amp alycia just found the two grams of weed we misplaced 
 she pop x  i smoke os  tic tac toe
 there is so much smoke in dc  people are wearing gas masks.
 @sspencersmb sessions shit for brains actually said marijuana is as bad and addictive as heroin. wtaf
 why you flexin boy you dont want no smoke why you flexin boy you dont want no smoke
 life aint shit but bitches and money.... i pass that weed like i studied.....
 yall dont smoke 
 this girl told me shes calling kent state and telling them i smoke in my dorm lol goals
 bitch amp all my weed better still be here roach ass ho amp on my dead homeboy you gon buy me another scale 
 @ilikeeggss @occupymyland48 smh  at least smoke them if youre gonna do them
 bro i hate weed man that dont answer their fucking phone  biggest pet peeve bro.
 only way im ever productive at work anymore is if i bribe myself with a blunt  only problem is no matter what i still get to smoke he blunt
 sorry im just mainly pissed off because i want a fucking burger. i was craving a burger. also the weed still hasnt shown up
 do yall think its ok to smoke weed while pregnant
 my boy and i just fought for 20 minutes then one of us made a joke and now were buying swishers so we can smoke a blunt
 plans this weekend tryin to drink or smoke hmu.
 i dont want your weed you cant match... huhhhhh
 really want oomf to be laid up and smoke with me 
 but ion smoke blacks anymore 
 i do not play bout my money at all i will smoke you if you owe me 5
 rapper weed
 since the nigga say i smoked crack now we checking everything like i wasnt suppose to even see crack near my name
 if you want more people to accept medical marijuana stop using the word high and start saying not unpleasant side effects.
 bro u cant smoke out them glass pipes n start bs on twitter bro i keep that draco too young bull 
 this dude i dont talk to anymore sent me a snap of weed saying hmu. i told him im a cop now. lololol
 when people ask me why i dont drink   i ask them why they dont smoke .
 i dont even smoke weed though... 
 i hate buying sour. i done smoked too much of it im over the taste
 i spent my whole damn advance on some fuckin weed
 @tacofro77 i get that dan but cant get much worse than 2 conf wins. dont panic. let the smoke clear. probably take a couple yrs b4 we know
 they got weed in em 
 just want a bad btch to roll my weed and cook for me
 @marysarahmusic @thechainsmokers im sorry to say i smoke 1 pack a day but im still a big fan of yours stay humble and keep that beautiful
 taxing weed cartoon  pot weed marijuana pennsylvania harrisburg 
 i dont smoke marijuana anymore or do any of them drugs anymore since probation. which is a good thing. so nomore t 
 if youre a drug dealer selling hard drugs to teenagers  youre a criminal. not all drug dealers sell weed.
 playing finna smoke and sleep yall dont deserve me 
 cigarettesalcohol  which can and will kill you  are legal but marijuana  which has never killed anyone  isnt. makes sense  
 aint nobody doing 20yrs for a bag of weed . you got a shitty lawyer 
 feels good to smoke nd lay dwn bo
 honestly who cares i dead dont even smoke this nigga just ugly and i saw an opportunity lmfaooooo 
 who wants to smoke
 niggas always trying to get high but dont have money to put on the weed 
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 these security guards got off the elevator saying sorry we smoked too much weed 
 @usagsessions 32 000 dead from opioids last year. 0 from marijuana. dont even talk about alcohol.
 73 of yall know da troot  other 27 of yall are smoking ganja 
 i like to watch cult classics and smoke dope when im stressed
 i smoke the kush by myself  i get money by myself
 i just want someone to smoke with me babe  lay with me babe  and laugh with me babe  i just want the simple things
 i didnt even get that black lol  i just went ahead amp got some weed 
 ayyye my florida followers wtf yall know about our medical weed legalization that starts in april
 i dont even think weed will make me feel better at this point
 when he smokes just as much as you do 
 @christan because people want their weed
 coming back to yana soon if you want smoke you may receive smoke
 i dont like smoking weed but i dont mind the smell.
 i want a lil weed plant for my bday 
 @linkingpinkies he doesnt even smoke
 datone jones said  now i get a chance to chase down aaron rodgers. i say  bring it on  aaron rodgers will smoke em. not gonna miss him.
 first when i met her she aint smoke  now she roll em right
 are there any girls that dont smoke 
 @ohitsteddy hard drugs are bad kids.. smoke weed
 damm didnt smoke all day good job darry
 i just want a girl that i can chill with maybe drink with oh oh maybe even smoke with haha
 we can just lay up smoke and talk about your goals 
 walked in work  took my jacket off and i said daaaaamn i smell like weed .
 @boujiesmartchik i dont smoke anymore 
 mfs coming at me like they want smoke
 good looking on the weed @jaylegend93 @andrewdiezel boutta take this blunt to the dome 
 its been a good night. weed smoked although at 38 i shouldnt be advertising it like a teenager.  i am a sad sad ombre but one with a kitty
 anybody want to smoke with the dogg tonight  @snoopdogg just now at sxsw 
 dont do drugs kids. as i smoke
 took down all the bitching and whining posts for today. weed is truly an amazing thing. suddenly i just dont give a fuck 
 free weed and molly will have some of the most beautiful women with the ugliest niggas bro.
 i wish people would give me gas money instead of shots and weed cookies
 holy smokes i missed my girls so much 
 @zidanel33t weed guilt
 which brings us to our next point  dont smoke crack 
 i want someone who is down to go on the top of the roof  watching the sunset  and talk  shit we can even drink and smoke.
 im not the judgmental type at all have a girl that smokes from here and there is okay  but a girl that pop pills  oh hell nawl
 i dont even like it in los angeles this shit is super weak to me i just like the weed and the get away time i can get.
 how many of yall smoker know what a phonso is
 we smoke to much dope for that 
 we smoke too much dope for feelings 
 @nessaboo707 i was cracking up too thats why i posted it lol but the donuts continued hella after that lol  so much smoke
 when i worked midnights id leave to smoke wbt amp everyone would always ask what i did  hed tell them i got paid to smoke dope llbt 
 ima still pop my beans ima still smoke my green i know nothings what it seems so im talking with the trees.
 i dont drink  i dont smoke  i chill
 tryin to call the weed man to see if he still up. i cant sleep without smokin
 i smoked to get sleepy but now im just high and up lol
 i dont see how people smoke 3 packs a cigs a day. your nerves aint that bad. if they are kill yourself. life is too much for you.
 ion smoke 
 when people dont known how to smoke 
 i always put myself in a weed coma then wake up at 2 and be up forever 
 pop 2 pills  amp smoke 2 blunts 2cups i escape the pain 
 i just ate hella chips  i dont even smoke and i had the munchies smh
 she rolling weed and she dont even smoke
 @ayeewills smoke session  we have to hit my gym up soon g
 literally only want someone to smoke  fuck  and do homework with 
 sooo who wants to smoke this blunt and drink a beer wme bc apparently everyone has decided to abandon me and its my friday
 @theslumpgod hes gotta be smokin somethin... he chillin with smokey too much prolly 
 stop grinding your weed to dust
 smh i gotta be back at work again at 10. shit is brazyyyyy. show amp smoke ritual like fuck rn.
 so much weed w no way 2 smoke since mfs are thieves and like 2 steal bong pieces lmao
 people was arguin me down all day that i was high amp ion even smoke  nigga im just tired as hell and stressed and barely can open my eyes
 and the whole song is about weed sacks and we didnt even know smh @jrgbndz
 i want one sooo bad its the future of weed 
 this dennys is smoked out
 @ssalvadormendez @sarahbgolden i dont smoke 
 think ima pop up on her later at the bar amp bring her food amp marijuanas.
 even with all the things i go through i dont even be wanting to smoke bc it makes me think about things i dont wanna think about 
 1 if you dont drop on the blunt then you dont hit it  even tho i let all the homies smoke my shit  
 i want food or weed  or both...
 pussy. money. weed  im sorry. idc 
 all weed salesman in tifton yall ass dont never be up or yall ass run outta that good weed amp have to sale the poop pack 
 shoot ya weed man if the dope ain smokin
 i want to fucking smoke
 she want a bag and she wants some weed
 wtf. yall just made marijuana legal. 
 im getting my pink bubbler today and i dont even have weed what is this mess
 as you can see in the article @whoopigoldberg has her own line of products weedinfused edibles. i have to ask whoopi  are you worried about
 fuck nigga ya dont want smoke ya dont want cancer
 dont believe the hype people budget is a smokescreen. 45 knows its a lowball offer amp congress will fight to raise it. trumprussia
 gov knows cigarettes way worse than weed   but cigarette company feeding to many of those good americans that are there helping us
 i need more people to smoke with mfs dont fwm
 @chloeleeannnn @hailcarone chloe you smoke every day how do you not know what shes saying lmao
 advice from a guy smokin weed in his profile pic doesnt get any funnier. this shit writes itself.  
 to kill the weeds you got to take out the roots 33 identify win
 why you flexing boy you dont want no smoke...
 i think i smoke too much.
 @rb4444 @rdubthree i dont think you can make those assumptions without evidence of marijuana being harmful..
 i burned my mustache while smoking weed last night  dont let anyone ever tell you this isnt a dangerous drug
 sometimes during a smoke sesh i dont even know i have it in me to smoke more until they pass me whatevers in rotation
 lady telling her younger son to never drink red bull because its so bad for you while buying her pack of smokes makes my day
 what the fuck is poppers you ask  its weed mixed with tobacco you see 
 nah but i realized that shit trash and you still smoking em shits n u smoke dirt pack 
 im smokin weed  she smokin dick
 new plug on the smoke  got my youngins sellin dope
 @rdubzzzz i reallly dont smoke like that anymore 
 my bro  got this tune in my i jus had to smoke nd remember
 @iamsckoolboy i wish  i dont even smoke joints like that. i dont discriminate doe
 hear em yall  free smoke. 
 suffolk nigga roll call  you dont rap  jug  or smoke weed has a car  has a job  @chynaw3
 i dont smoke  dont invite me to smoke or send me pictures of you smoking 
 mom did u buy weed with the money i gave u  me ..yes.. momlit
 thats why i smoke so much 
 i hate when old ppl call weed dope like dope isnt weed bro we dont do dope lol
 @porinju china worried dude  i like to smoke what u r smoking
 if you dont start smoking weed and wearing newbalances i cant even look at you.
 you know she hood when she smells like weed and hair grease ... yall know exactly what im talking about
 next man who ask me to smoke them out or buy them food getting harsh words   not your homie or your girl ..
 i dont understand why the government tries to say that marijuana is so bad like i never hear about anybody overdosing or dying from this
 medical marijuana is great but we really need more research in mdma and lsd treatment for mental health because it does work.
 my phone case smells like cigarettes.. i dont even smoke cigarettes 
 i literally smoke my weed  eat good and make my money. you dont see me out cuz ion need that extra mess.
 this generation is quick to correct old school people when they call weed dope . dope is such a different thing now . dont call weed dope 
 niggas be talking like they want smoke 
 i woke up sad af and dont have money to smoke
 @realdonaldtrump dont let the folks that elected you amp need medical cannabis be treated like a heroin addict drain swamp not patients
 not saying its a bad thing but i dont see how people that dont drink or smoke go out with their drunk friends
 psa just because someone smokes weed doesnt make them a bad person come on guys..
 half the people who looked down on me for smokin weed be stuck on some other shit
 i want smoke
 yall say this shit every summer and yall asses dont do shit but  smoke  drink  party and dont invest or handle 
 joey gave brett props for not smoking very much weed while being with me because i smoke so much 
 poppin pills is better than weed
 i got so much weed in my blunt. @youngthug
 i smoke rapper weed  this that moonrock
 just drove to weedsport to get a bottle of wine  so worth it.
 ion smoke nowhere near as much as i used to
 who wants to smoke me out 
 would you drink with a nigga  do you smoke weed dont be ashamed it aint a thing i used to blow trees 
 ppl dont smoke pot by the pack. 
 good weed good drank big money mane
 im still a grown mane even tho i dont smoke anymore 
 smh i hate when mfs try to make it seem like weed so bad. if you dont like it  dont smoke.
 want to do simple things like smoked weed in my home unbothered by humanity watching netflix.. dont ask for much doe
 why my rp2 ask me if i used to smoke weed 
 she rollin weed amp she dont even smoke
 bro 14 year olds really smoke squares in this generation...slow down young hoes jesus.
 what do you mean i cant smoke on a plane anymore i miss the 50s. make america great again 
 even the no. 1 lacrosse team in the country sits around the tv screaming as they watch their brackets go up in smoke. kids will be kids.
 im in love wit that dope smoke. @chiefkeef 
 yall dont want no smoke wit bmb.. fuck nigga
 yall fuck niggas dont want no smoke wit bmb..
 we dont count the same cash or smoke the same weed. @chiefkeef
 get him to the greek is the funniest movie lmao dont be a bitch dude let me get my smoke on
 its just marijuana. @chiefkeef
 yall fuck niggas dont want no smoke wit bmb.. trust me...
 yall fuck niggas dont want no smoke wit bmb..
 yall fuck niggas dont want no smoke wit bmb....
 if she still gotta hide the fact she smokes weed from her parents  shes too young for you bro.
 a lady on the street had a sign saying need money  weed  and beer. same
 i dont smoke at all  
 bae be making me roll for him amp i dont even smoke anymore 
 @clangford1 im trying to smoke now lmao you dont know anybody who still on campus selling
 she say she dont smoke  but she do wit me.
 im not saying you only gotta smoke one jay. but rolling up back to back all day is too much to me 
 dont babysit the weed pass that shit  
 i wonder how much money i would have if i didnt smoke weed 
 i drink more then i smoke  ive spent so much money on alcohol lmfao
 hennessy  plenty weed  do you have anything stronger  i dont care  give it here .. wanna make this high last longer .
 everybody around me smoke weed  pop pills too 
 my favorite thing to eat after i smoke is cereal lmfao
 how much do you spend on marijuana a month
 had to buy some raw cones last night cause my dawg dont smoke blunts
 i want to have a reefer party lol
 who smokes cigarettes in the shower what is wrong witchu
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang
 eat ur greens dont smoke em comon guys
 hi my name is david. im 20 and i dont eat carbs. i dont smoke either but i put one in my mouth for this photo. 
 at least the alleged weed was from colorado  but thats  what all my connects claim. ralphshortey
 our bus driver taught us a cheer today... we dont smoke  we dont chew  amp we dont kiss those boys that do.
 its 420 do you know where your weed is
 i dont want a relationship i need somebody that i can smoke with  eat  and dick me down
 if you ever wondered why im an angry  paranoid mess who uses weed to solve all her problems  spend a day with my mother amp get back to me
 dont smoke it because its illegal 
 i need some cool ass people in frederick who doesnt smoke rellos amp actually know the definition of match to spark with lol
 @shortbusroyalty people were all pissed off. cussed him. luckily it was only 10 blocks  but any crack smoke is too much crack smoke.
 they dont want smoke  they dont want no drama 
 oh yes i smoke kill
 eatin vegan again  gym five days a week  no cigs  hardly any alcohol and as much weed as i can smoke i feel unstoppable
 no fuck it get a rocket science fiction book nonfiction yall still dont see dont smoke space list food prods asids space
 lol we get it  you smoke weed bro.
 @kathahaa @ch98 no one has anything to say good i shut u the fuck up liam jus asked me to smoke if u wanted to know that too lmao freaks
 smokin rapper weed wit da gang
 ugh. the weakness and brain fog after a migraine is so much harder when working a show. fucking ballys and their horrid old smokey place
 lmfao bitch i didnt eat breakfast hahaha so hurry up im running out of smokes hahaha 
 money amp weed 
 if you smoke around your baby you dont love them lol but forreal shits sick
 in 10th grade all the money that i got from my job was spent on  food  weed  and concert tickets and i dont regret it at all.
 listening to shoegaze just makes me want to smoke weed.
 if mfers didnt ask me to match all day long i prolly wouldnt smoke at all
 tryina quit smoking but good music makes me want to smoke  coffee  alcohol  talking on the phone  driving. everything i do is run by smoking
 @realdonaldtrump  u will serve the jail time trumptreason putinspuppet russiagate u should know your smoke and m 
 but i dont smoke
  my name hold weight. humpty amp dumpty dont want no smoke on me   
 the nigga that never has weed is the last person that can say hurry up n pass 
 i dont understand why people find it so fucking surprising that i dont fucking smoke
 this guy pulls out his smokes amp lights it  me dad  youre really smoking in my car him move like you dont.  me says who him your glass
 if you dont want no smoke then stop lighting fires.
 i took 1 marijuana amp now my moms publicly calling me a drug addict  its not worth it  dont choose drugs over family   lol
 lets stop raiding on marijuana to save resources. 
 sorry breitbart  but thanks to hannity youre going to have to comb through juan williams facebook posts to see if he likes rap or weed.
 dont ever come in my room unless you have weed or a big dick
 niggas get stupid when they smoke g. stg 
 when bitches say they have a connection for weed you know dam straight she fucking the guy or sucking his dick for that free weed 
 just smoked a cancer stick and i kinda regret it 
 who wants to smoke
 i hate when drug dealers want me to order drugs using codes. i dont want a bag of red skittles with peanuts. i want weed.
 i smoke like i dont need lungs
 it be impossible to match niggas now a days cause nobody smoke dutches anymore 
 its always the ppl who dont have they shit together tryna give me advice things were hard for me but i pulled thru  maam u smoke crack
 moral of the story dont smoke cigarettes getout
 for the people who dont understand this  smokey is a cat. 
 saving first crack experience for a day where only way 2 properly tell the story of it is 2 end with  ..then i smoked a big bowl of crack.
 we dont smoke blunts bitch wiz vc 
 the first big boo from the crowd just came after manchin said marijuana is a gateway drug which most drug addicts start using first.
 @thincweb in my experience  alcohol is better than weed  so it would be a punishment...
 done smoking weed until i save up this money .mindovermatter 
 @jasonstapleton holy smokes. 31679. me too happy bday
 we need to smoke lol @dicesoho that would be dope. im the most funniest person to be around whem im high what ive been told
 this tattoo im getting on my side gonna kill me and i think ima get high and i dont even smoke
 dont let his bio confuse you  smoking weed and chilling and being a bum is about all hes good at.  
 you know how they have pestcontrol i think they should also have weedcontrol.. for people high out of their minds in small places
 i fuck with ppl who give me free weed
 nigga we dont even blow the same smoke  i cant help you.
 i smoke weed  i dont talk drug dealer... 
 these shoe boxes smell like weed bro not me th shoe boxes man
 @ all who dont smoke 
 when you dont have perfume so you spray air freshener on your clothes so you dont smell like weed 
 how yall plugs w no weed 
 want to smoke some crack 
 i can relate but i dont smoke anymore 
 i met the only other person who smokes the same cigs as me in vermont
 @1000jasus otherwise ima smoke myself in ah coma per usual
 @thehannahlacey we dont smoke lol
 ill say it fuck slave labor all tf to the fucks who made the shit imma grow weed for people and then ill b happy and working js
 lol i dont even smoke
 gas pack  i dont smoke on no sativa.
 @kvue @whitehouse @harvard @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @nbcnightlynews hes always data breached by the dea and smokes meth
 @kvue @whitehouse @harvard @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @nbcnightlynews they smoke meth and aryan sex a 14 year old every year
 which brings me to my next point...... dont smoke crack. raiders wtf crackkills 
 you smoke too much 
 if you post picture smoking weed on snapchat  youre the coolest person i know.
 how is this kid even alive all he does is smoke bud and talks to his snapchat. smh.
 @greatkhann  excuse me  you dont want this smoke.
 approach me if you want too ill smoke you like a swisher
 psa dont blow smoke in your pets face it doesnt make you look cool and its mean
 sometimes i remember how much i used to smoke and its weird that i dont do that any more.
 idk how ppl think smoking weed makes you skinny. it makes my stomach feel like an endless pit so i can eat for days.
 dont smoke that hoe like a cigarette is all i ask 
 @ttokayd i dont drink beer  i smoke weed. and i am relaxed.
 like i try not to sink into depression daily. i focus on making my two 1s happy as i can. explore my mind for artistic ideals.. smoke
 news flash no its not cool if you smoke or drink. no one cares
 lmfao. i know her car had to smokey as hell. 
 sooo anyone want to smoke
 @todd3284 just tryin to prove a point that weed doesnt ruin lives like heroin or alcohol can
 when she cute and think thats enough to get smoked up 
 @nasawatch @seanspicer theres a perception that spicey has smoked too much crack.
 frat ppl parties weed laced with pcp. i feel betrayed.
 imagine buying a fucking cooler and finding 4 pounds of weed in it dafuq 
 you dont even smoke 
 theres a reason i only smoke this drinking mess aint for me 
 @tamitamz21 the cigarette smoke kills the sperm
 i smoke kush by myself  i get money by myself  i got bitches by myself and i make moves by myself
 on the real though  g finishing up at work and i want to smoke you out while youre in town  check your ig dms  @geazy
 stop sending me pictures of ya janky ass weed i dont not give a fuck 
 dont smoke cigarettes they say
 i dont really smoke wax that much. i think tasting the kush taste way better amp its more natural amp dont put me to sleep i eat so high lol
 you turning in 25k worth of weed
 ion wanna spend money on weed 
 bitch  i won 160. yall already know im throwing that for weed lt3
 this is why i smoke cigs
 i be smokin rapper weed with my gang
 my dad be so fried he dont even realize that i steal his weed lol.
 @kendontcry i dont think i even know 1 marijuana strain
 got my own money now i smoke when i want 
 oyop and dont forget the bitch was gone make me a plate nd she game me all her weed and some money too and i didnt even ask her she did it
 guess since no one wants to smoke one imma do that solo and make a beat
 @smokepurpp new music is dope and all but i miss when the nigga use to drop gang shit and say this shit sound smokepurpp as fuck
 i want a weed brownie they my new thing
 sorry but when im thinking about shit i dont wanna smoke with nobody.
 ion even smoke enough to match fr tho . haha . i barely smoke . ill be too high
 its cool if you dont smoke weed but dont think less of me for doing so. hahah wth
 dont smoke blizzards wit your friends  youll feel silly and get wild thoughts like innovative amp creative ideas
 only pussy niggas smoke cigs me 
 your words were nothing more than smoke rings  beautiful yet had no real weight
 @tr3y do you get sleepy when u smoke though
 gas pack  i dont smoke on no sativa nigga i would never wanna be ya 
 why do attractive people smoke dont do that...
 are you high  even though i know you dont smoke  
 haha what i dont even smoke bbcan5 
 the one down side to riverside bars all the fucking cigarette smokers. kill your self at least 100 ft from me please.
 lol but dont you dare sell weed 
 when you chillin on the couch and yo dad just walk up to you and give you some weed and a shell 
 some of ya just dont know how to smoke
 can we stop comparing marijuana to cocaine and heroin sugar is more addictive and health averse than pot.
 sometimes when i smoke i want to drink a glass a milk cause it sounds good  but then i dont want to cause i dont wana bring the high dwn 
 free crib in buckhead  smoke drink allat
 ppl that smoke cigs in the subway stations are trash
 i really want to go outside and smoke but i already took my pants and socks off.
 man thats why ion smoke 
 people really on 6th like its bourbon got bottles and drinks on the street  smokin weed like its legal performances lol whats going on
 if you dont know the proper etiquette for a smoke session  do not smoke wit me.
 tell your boyfriend  next time hes around  to buy his own weed and dont wear my shit down. 
 i just got weed on my phone. does that make it....high tech
 dont ask me to smoke or drink bc im a good child now lmao
 dear friends happy 3162017 @ northbound smokehouse amp brewpub 
 people who vape and insist filming themselves twirling smoke clouds actually make me lol. keep sucking that robot cock bro. its a good look.
 dont drink liquid marijuana and who tf created these drinks
 dont touch my weed dont ask me for a ride
 or.... they just dont smoke
 first person to smoke weed mustve been like woaaaahhh  dude what the fuck
 lol you dont smoke weed enough bria  
 not going to drink or smoke so i dont text the ex. does this mean im an adult now
 they dont want smoke  not with us
 the weed make me think better it put me in a vibe
 its 2017   if you still smoke and are not buying ounces at the minimum   stop it bruh  take care of your health
 best is i dont even smoke anymore and know exactly what he is saying. especially the random band music voice. haha 
 @jeffsessions you need to look at the alcohol not the cannabis cannabis is medicine alcoholism is caused by alcohol
 work  workout  look up everything  smoke  inspire young niggas to get their money  and to be of the smart and silen 
 i dont even smoke  but i really want a stooge right now 
 if youre gonna try talking to me on the streets be creative lmao fucking lemme get a smoke while holding a cigarette headass
 i just really want to fucking smoke.
 i smoked anthony in the head with my elbow and i dont think he even flinch
 i smoked anthony in the head with my elbow and i dont think he even flinched 
 all them drugs and weed make yall hoes unattractive and unappealing.
 i really hope he tries to smoke it
 everybody flexing but dont want no smoke 
 i dont smoke that much.. anymore
 this dude in his scion tc kept cutting me and wanted to race. well... lets just say dude got smoked 
 i dont understand people who smoke cigarettes
 more gloomy days ahead. guess ill just wear smokey eyes and vamp lips foreva  not even mad though 
 typed too much there...thats without weed
 sorry for only fucking with dank weed mom
 not even weed a fucking cig  
 @salon i do not know anyone who has overdosed and died on marijuana herion and alcohol overdoses are deadly
 watching shameless makes me want to smoke a cig
 the wayans bros. love to the world dont do drugs because its not good ... smokeing is bad for 
 to think i have blue crab risotto in the fridge.. its a damn shame i dont smoke anymore.
 yuon want no smoke. nigga dont want no starch.
 dave is not a voice of reason on this. marijuana  alcohol  they are both deadly when abused.  redeye
 i just want all the money and weed
 @mannydoesit2x real niggas smoke crack bro  me and dakota ahead of yall
 i really cant smoke tree anymore wtf i get high off 2 hits now i used to be able to smoke all day like it was nothing
 guess ill smoke my dopey dope
 well clearly cause who tf wants to smoke fake ass weed 
 i dont even need weed anymore. someone buy my bong off me.
 like those daddies who can buy weed but can even buy they baby pampers 
 bout to smoke so much weed idc anymore
 getting off the gig man yall dont know how bad im ready too smoke lbs 
 im just gone smoke dope and listen to rather you than me on repeat and talk shit lol
 if yall want smoke yall gon get it
 i just dont want to be around anyone. i dont want to have to force myself to socialize. i wanna bump and smoke a spliff.
 i just be wanting to fuck   smoke  eat repeat   but consistency is key 
 why in the hell do people call potheads crackheads...like marijuana is not crack
 deadass tho g  ion give a fuck who got what to say about me. hit me wit it. im shitting on all yall amp u collecting roaches to smoke tmr
 i dont smoke weed man i just smoke hookah
 eat a good breakfast and dont smoke before the act
 just pulled up in ny bout smoke some dope
 nobody talks that lavish slick talk like my boy rozay...he makes you want to smoke a cigar while you listen to his tape
 this day is all about the green  if ya know what i mean. smoke up my fellow leprechauns 
 she just want to smoke and fuck i said girl thats all  that we you do
 choo dont smoke cause it bad for your baby
 @judusmaximus my grandmother told me not to smoke before she died of cancer bozo . but i dont remember quite before that
 i go through way too much weed
  watch this dope video about weed
 @topedasmoke @ant2424 @mikeconnelly3 @olistw @frankhorvath lmao nah thats you boa  looking like a tumble weed
 who cares he got into car accident amp  started getting checks amp buying large qualities of weed so now he the plug 
 thats why i try not to smoke 
 fuck this tweet. you dont like weed dont fucking smoke but dont ridicule those who do bc you have no idea how much it helps some ppl
 happi birthday to this smoke show  @eanderson57 
 your weed man can make your day faster than any drink can
 ion even smoke but dis is fye 
 i got too much weed for my own good.  one day left in miami and i got a ounce left. lets see how much i can smoke today.
 i dont read books i smoke crack
 just dont smoke.. yall trippin
 i want a girl thats gone massage my back after a long day  maybe even roll up a blunt to smoke the night away
 dont want no negativity in the air  i just want gas smoke in the air.
 lmfao bucks you dont smoke shit 
 safe from things like recreational marijuana andor alcohol i dont know any snowboarders or outdoors people who w 
 whose wants to wtch iron fits and smoke mad weed this weekend
 last night nigga ronaldo walked into jordys house talking bout bro the other day i smoked some shit called synthetic lmaoooooo 
 i didnt even wake amp bake  today im just not in the mood to smoke for some reason 
 dont stress over me babygirl smoke dope  @ miami beach  florida 
 last smoke before the snowstorm by benjamin francis leftwich is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 @dougbenson keep @madflavor as bailiff dude... dude can smoke more than bull on night court
 i finally found a use for my nutrabullet. im grinding my weed in it smokeitlikeitslegal
 no we cant have a smoke session. i dont know you bruh
 so this coworker of mine says smoking weed is twenty times more worse than smoking cigs.  someone give her a joint puhhlease
 i dont need to wear green when i smoke it every day.  pinch me and ill kick your ass.
 @tj423 no i dont vape  or smoke  but my friends quit that way. im annoying  i can quit anything pretty much anytime
 4 regulars here just said once a marijuana addict  always a marijuana addict.. you cant do nothing for them as if it a hardcore drug 
 this depends on the person but for me a wife is someone whos supportive  ambitious  silly  loves weed  free  kind 
 is ubering to the smoke shop to get wraps really worth the money  i tell myself as i press request uber
 i know u dont smoke anymore but i dont have anyone to post my weed shit w but lookkkkkkk @lxxvelyy 
 dont smoke 
 i have become a 21 year old grandma. i dont smoke weed. i dont enjoy alcohol anymore. dont smoke cigarettes. all i want is some acid
 my dad legit just showed me all the weed he bought. wth he dont even smoke omg.
 same no one ever wants to smoke with me  
 i done popped my pills and i smoked my share of grass
 i dont eat greens  i just smoke them
 niggas are really running out of rap names yo. they jus dont care. niggas names be like lil car  lil weedman  young tv  210 savage
 anybody trine smoke dope
 i could literally smoke right now  and i dont even smoke 
 smoking weed affects you differently depending on your weight. i know from experience and been on both ends
 backwoods are disgusting.. if you smoke that shit you obviously want cancer.. i dont get some people and their logic behind smoking blunts
 i smoke before i run like that shit dont make me tired faster
 yes  but i dont smoke.  
 i dont smoke 
 chillin with my babe n smokin some strong ganja @ buffalo  new york 
 dont stress over me baby  smoke dope 
 who wants to smoke smh
 getting my nails and toes done when i get back  getting me some weed  and im gone be 
 we smoke so much hemp
 i spend all my money on food  weed and clothes 
 who wants to smoke 1 
  this why i dont smoke i feel likethis some shit i would try to do while im high  
 everybody that sell weed got that pacc lol shit be smokin like some arizona mid
  i dont smoke anymore
 when she says she smokes 
 this why i rather smoke weed bro lol 
 i use to smoke swishers  like a regular nigga now im a backwoods type of nigga
 @nkgrin i dont wanna smoke i want you you asshole
 it always helps to have a bowlpipe for your car. never know when a smoke ses might pop off and you dont have any swishers or sum
 whats happenin be da cash  real fast  den chill amp relax. smoke some pack dat green crack. lol
 everyone is so friendly in colorado  we just got free weed and wax bro
 smoking weed like i dont have to go to work
 this is my boss rachel andersonowner of grofax 5 check out here article about hemp in this 
 i cant believe people think antitobacco ads work. people want to smoke they will  stop waiting money and time
 when i smoke amp i dont be high thats how i know im smokin too much
 dont have no green to wear but got plenty to smoke.
 high key hate when people brag about how much they smoke  like sit your ass down.
 never really understood why so many people in healthcare smoke.... haaa i do now
 need a cigarette.  and i dont smoke.  goblue
 @thuhrealaaron i dont have any weed . but shit pull up and smoke lol
 yall ever cop and open the bag to find out its bap .. i dont even wanna smoke now lol
 wow i hope we have enough weed and alcohol for weekend or i will fight
 good thing i just cleaned my car.. cause the plug left a oz of weed in it. smh mine now
 hits luck  kuechley  gilmore  cox  irvin  hightower  mercilus  smith misses richardson  blackmon  weeden  jenkins 
 yall broke because yall always buying weed . priorities. stupid shits
 atleast we know he dont smoke them squares  boy lungs clean af 
 just watching other people smoke makes me want to 
 he pop x  i smoke os   tictactoe
 one of those days where i just want to light up a blunt and smoke the stress away. but this bottle will have to do..
 anybody know a dispensary in fontana dont feel like driving far for ganjah.
 people who dont smoke really look down on people who do  they need to hit a l or 2 amp maybe the wouldnt be so uptight 
 if anyone is wondering why i always be saying is that a weed  this is why i always say that lmao 
 still loling at ppl who complain about not getting high off weed no more i think you need some good kush cause i stay high af daily
 good ass smoke will have u feelin sleepy as hell but active asf for no damn reason  np @1future useme hndrxx 
 it really doesnt even rain as much as people say. and plus washington has great coffee  sexy mexicans  and amazing weed so idk where he was
 i really just want to know how my smoking weed is altering your organization. lumen is fucking ass
 @enoughmitch ive never had no bad experience with them so let me guess you smoke swishers
 i dont drink  smoke  do drugs  and im vegan
 spent all my money on hot cheetos and weed and i dont feel bad
 @drranayaseen1 weedsns have deep roots cause damage to the whole garden and are uprooted by gardeners of pakistan army. history repeats
 truly st paddys day i found a nug of gelato in my gold weed bottle 
 dont think youre somehow a better person than me just kus i smoke weed amp you dont.
 no name off the drugs  no name quit the weed
 lmao ppl be tryna get your attention sooooo much. shawty you dont eeeeven smoke  lmfao
 i want to link with everyone when i get back  even if its just to smoke or eat.
 dont call me a weed leg
 all yall bitches in gwinnett know where df i stay shut df up yall dont want smoke either 
 smoking weed dont make u bad person 
 i told yall pump and smokepurpp sweet af. i dont be just sayin dat shit for no reason i been read these niggas like 
 really they dont smoke like me
 anybody want smoke  let grim reaper fucking know 
 i want a girl that smokes sometimes  not a girl thats a stoner dj lowkey
 rapper weed
 this guy needs some weed. dont talk about it if you have no idea what it actually does. draintheswamp 
 please dont smoke in dog parks. please. its really shitty just dont do it.
  i dont smoke cigs i smoke mold  brock
 ion smoke w ppl ion fw like that lol fr
 look at this bitch @asiandadoll gettin her gay ass bitch ass mans to jump in and hit me. i want all smoke ho. 
 i dont think weed should be legal  but tell me why old men will be getting high on oxys and say weed is bad for you. smh
 i dont care how many cigarettes you smoke  but do you have to smell like em
 pops smoke 
 n then when they got weed  they dont hmu lol cool
 all i want to do now is smoke myself into a coma
 shut the fuck up i dont want your conversation  roll the marijuana thats a true vacation
 think i want to smoke
 if you smoke white boys aka cigarettes dont even look in my direction
 heres your reminder that all drugs are bad if they make you feel good.  except alcohol.  especially weed. you go straight to heroin after.
 there isnt enough weed in the world to make me ever do such a thing 
 if all i can talk to u about is weed or drugs then i dont want to talk lmao
 lmao thats not weed 
 only people i really smoke with are my cousins amp ma dude @klanklok .
 my weed the best baby fuck with a real plug
 i only smoke good dope
 half of me wants to stay in smoke weeds and watch anime but the other half wants to go be a callejero 
 @nowthisnews @josantisteban should have sold the 12 grand worth of weed and used that money ....  just saying....
 part time ass dont pickup the phone ass weedmen
 i didnt come here  and i aint leavin so dont sit around and cry just roll me up and smoke me 
 @mixatheproducer  smoke weed ft @realcoolihighh out now on @reverbnation amp youtube go get it 
 i spend too much on weed and food
 why you dont smoke 
 i need to smoke. but i dont got smoking money. 
 she dont even smoke just hit it once when she light it
 i want to smoke
 dont yall hate when yall smoke with somebody and they take they jolly time with the blunt like mf hit that bitch and pass it
 think ima drink and smoke sum at the club tonight for bro bday
 the only thing i got green is this weed
 the details of insurance coverage are a smoke screen. the real problem is greed the healthcare industry makes too much money.
 @johnnymcnulty requires selfawareness he lacks. im sure his minions found a deadbreitbart article saying he smoked her.
 yo people be blowing my high ... and i dont even smoke 
 you can pass a drug test the way you smoke. fuck. 
 i dont wanna be here if i dont gotta my weed habit so close to snorting powder.
 hey @monroepolice  your aware not a soul on the planet is going to pay 425 for an ounce of weed right may wanna recheck your estimates
 @1360kktx keven the guy wants to sell weed.   big
 dodge city man arrested for distribution of marijuana  
 legalize heroin but mf dont wanna legalize marijuana... i just dont get it 
 i dont smoke wnobody 
 i just want to chill  drink  smoke  fuck
 only been here for 2 days  me and meme smoked like 100 worth of weed bro.
 today in 2011 back when i smoked and the reason i dont smoke no more  i was on a tour bus wit a band and they laced the weed wit meth 
 dont wear it  smoke it. stpatricksday 
 i dont even smoke anymore and i rolled a pretty good j right now
 i dont even smoke anymore amp i rolled a good j right now
 im trying to smoke wheres the plug
 so just fuck weed... lmao yall want mfs to overdose and die. this is a form of population control. 
 just want somebody to come through smoke eat my dinner get drunk and leave  too much to ask for
 anybody want a mason jar of weed for 120 snap me asap
 here smoke a wood wit the plug  
 @soicylasei pussy nigga talkin big like he aint photoshop weed he dont have in his avi 
 i always steal an unopened bottle of smoked tobasco sauce from chipotle. i know its wrong  but it feels so right.
 @kvue @whitehouse @harvard @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @nbcnightlynews warrenton cops smoke meth smoke meth make meth in astoria confirm
 i dont have any lr followers lol dont feel like asking the book wheres the weed @ 
 the only thing thats exotic is this weed in my pocket  hoodbooger theneverstory j.i.d
  i know breaks your  that i only smoke papers  i dont smoke gars babe @wizkhalifa khalifa man got bars.
 i know it breaks your  that i only smoke papers  i dont smoke gars babe khalifa man got bars @wizkhalifa
 i just found an ounce of weed on the ground in west eugene
 i want ice cream but i also want chick fil a but i most definitely want to smoke a blizz along with both of them
 lol like people who dont smoke do way worse. we be chilling  
 if i dont drink a beer and smoke some green with the bros on ye ol st pattys day ill be shook
 ima slap who eva said weed is a gateway drug  bitch the only thing weed make me wanna do is smoke some more weed .....
 get rich  cause i dont smoke  
 but please spend money jailing marijuana smokers 
 get money  smoke and repeat
 im telling yall  my friends only hmu if im throwing money towards weed or alcohol.
 ion smoke people out and i rarely match. 
 i dont want anything to do with anyone who does drugs old people  talking about marijuana  who drink a gallon of whiskey every weekend
 old mexican people specifically. theyll drink their weight in tequila and freak out at the idea of cannabis haha
 damn half of my friends are lifewrecked weed dependents and i didnt even know it 
 when your uncles are talking about how they spent 800 on weed
 just want to sit on my patio rolled in a blanket and smoke a cigar
 everybody in this room is smoking cigs amp i dont smoke cigs amp i feel like im suffocating 
 dont talk loud when you talk to me ill fuck around and smoke you
 everybody in this room is smoking cigs amp i dont smoke cigs amp i think im suffocating  as bri blows cig smoke in my face while typing this
 march madness and amazing weed it dont get no better
 it should be a thing that youre not allowed to smoke cigs throughout the city of bend.
 this weed shits not cuttin it  anymore mann
 you got a 600 a month weed habit but always wonder where ya money goin.
 i do shit like this all the time  except i dont smoked 
 @littlecaesars buying the smokehouse pizza from you is like buying sushi at a gas station. nothankyou littlecaesars pizzapizza
 ive been completely sober for 6 days now. from cigs  weed  alcohol  drugs...and i feel great
 i smoke too much 
 bouta smoke and rap all this stress away
 she dont know it yet but ima turn her into a smoker 
 who wants to smoke.
 im not even smoking weed on this trip and im still rolling joints for everyone 
 sticky weed and backwoods dont mix
 dont ask me if im good on the roach nigga.. i will smoke the roach nigga..
 why do niggas roll they weed up in money. like thats was money you wasted that you couldve bought more weed . stupid ass niggas 
 @hectorin081291 i dont smoke  
 this why ppl think weed a gateway drug lmao tf is this 
 i want carlos to smoke with me 
 i dont have any weed. so maybe reece i wont get the stuff to make reeces bday present sorry baby
 @cristinavee @edgesuarez me either i never drink or smoke. its never good for my health.
 dont smoke it lol 
 watching leprechaun in the hood. a friend with weed is a friend indeed  the leprechaun i dont smoke weed like that by the way. 
 if a nigga want smoke then u kno we go overboard bro nem gone slyde like a hoverboard
 ion smoke hookah  that shit give me a headache.
 if i pop this xan i need a blunt to smoke or some liquor to drink 
 its cold. i want brownies and weed. i did not ask for all this nonsense tonight
 put that in your pipe and smoke it @presssec @kellyannepolls mickmulvaney stevebannon johnkelly @speakerryan 
 kush over alcohol girls  eat it dont smoke it   an actual thing someone said to us on venice beach
 i dont even need to smoke my own weed here. goodness.
 no one really cares if you smoke  quit posting about it
 we didnt invite you because youre pregnant we want to drink and smoke and youre pregnant bitch and i can still have fun  shit.
 anyone down to smoke with me and kate
 i just want some weed
 @attunefoods please bring back your erewhon buckwheat amp hemp cereal. it was the best cereal i have ever eaten
 someone smoke a blunt with meeee
  @ bbqr916 smokehouse and brewpub 
 i aint wear green but i smoked some loud today  does that count
 if they tell me some cancer shit i already let em kno...just give me all the weed u got..issa fix when if u dont get it checked violation
 in the mood for a smoke funny cuz i dont smoke really
 who in san marcos and can sell me weed let me know 
 when they ask if you wanna smoke but you live with parents who dont let you out past 8 
 drunk steve if you like to smoke man pole  dont lie just tell your friends. and if you dont  make some chips for all of us
 why you on social media acting like you do  but dont want smoke 
 when i was a teenager i used cigarettes as a weight loss mechanism. i would make a goal to smoke x per day. how fucking insane
 swallowed the bottle while i sit back amp smoke gelato 
 ill never understand guys that smoke talking bout its nasty for their girl to smoke  anyways
 the homeless people in nola have no chill. they literally ask you for alcohol and weed
 @realdonaldtrump why dont u listen 2 the ppl we want it legalized amp u dont care at all just smoke amp drink right 
 @palmerreport trumprussia dont be concerned ... smokescreen or not...he is as bad as trump... 
 12 @liberalparty can you please allocate a  to first nations people from the money gained from legal weed sales.
 who wants 2 smoke
 pussy amp weed some stress relievers
 to smoke or not to smoke....jk thats not even a question haha
 just smokin weed to find the truth bouta lot of things
 i remember when everyone talked shit about people who partied and smoke weed and had sex outside of relationships and now look at yall lmao
 i dont understand how these dudes be claiming christianity but wear turbins and smoke and have sex and havent repented for it at all
 swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato 
 i hate people who buy single woods i always buy a pack of backwoods. you know you gone smoke again so why just buy one cheap ass
 she swallowed the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 @khanoisseur @spectatorindex trumprussia smokescreens follow the oil   
 i like pleasing women.  i dont care to drink or smoke.
 @bakarisellers i definitely dont. too much deflecting amp smoke amp mirrors for me. he cant tell the truth to save his life.
 i get so much enjoyment telling niggas i dont smoke anymore when they ask if i wanna match lol find a different approach
 ill still smoke em. 
 bitches that dont know how to smoke and still smoke piss me off
 @dakotawaynne found out that gelato from slide is weed 
 i fuckin hate cigarettes like dont smoke that shit around me.
 i dont pay for weed 
 if they pull up on us offer the weed  says the nigga that didnt put no ins lmaooooooo
 my young bitch said im droppin she wiped the sauce off my shoes. im in the trap kitchen smoked out in this vocal booth
 nothing better than cereal weed and music
 i already smoked so much out the g  
 y u on social media acting like u do but dont want smoke questions  
 i still need to smoke a blunt cause the stress is ridiculous
 you know youre done when you ask when are we drinking weed... 
 this dudes dad used to buy us weed en smoke with us when we were young and he jus came down en said who smokin dope in my fuckin house lol
 im chasing money a addict if you want smoke i want static
 same if you dont count weed lmao. entering a bold new st paddys day territory 
 nap niggas piss me off but yall the plug but sleep asf tho wake yall ass up an make yall self some money cus i need to smoke 
 it kills me to say it but smoking weed is the only thing that seems to make the loneliness and sadness go away. 
 at least we found ppl with weed lmao
 hey there mother fuck face. dont you know its four twenty better smoke bitch.
 you dont want no smoke.
 feels like the weed amp alcohol are the only things keeping me sane
 nobody smoke more than me not even @wizkhalifa
 where theres smoke  theres trumprussia. 
 i smoked my head off yesterday ion lyin
 i dont smoke or drink  
 the person you match with weed gotta be as good or better than yours 
 i dont want any smoke 
 i dont even smoke cigs but ill buy a pack because now i can 
 woke up to my brother and daddy by me  we smoked so much yesterday we didnt care where we feel asleep 
 when they ask if you want to smoke  you decline... then they ask for the favor anyways. 
 i peeped niggas rolled up a 8 grammer last night  g herbo dont even smoke that 
 anyone follow snoop dogg on snapchat the dude out there man smoking way to much weed  doesnt even know where he at anymore
 i hate that my parents know i smoke lol my mama always trynna hit my shit
 convinced my future self put a spell on my current self to be repulsed by cigarettes. i want one so bad then i try to smoke and i wanna die
 i smoke too much
 lmfao they hate how much weed i post on sc idc i got more money than you thats what i like to do
 we blowing uppers round here yall getting sleepy when yall smoke im like a whats up with another 1 lol
 want to watch this video of people smoking coffee beans instead of marijuana 
 my final night in myrtle and i ditched my boys to go pop my strip club cherry.. with two smokeshow moms.. well worth it
 convinced my future self put a spell on my present self to be repulsed by cigarettes. i want one so i try to smoke and then i wanna die
 if a guy is so easily to say lets smoke and fuck cut that boy offffff man  how can you be so comfortable saying that 
 @ethmark bryons smokehouse
  you know we smoke big as your head and wide as your leg  
 need rapper weed
 oh my god why did i drink so much and smoke so much. ooooow.
 city of taylor   where the none of the weed dealers got weed or niggas dont pick up.  exactly why i stopped buying from you niggas.
 my daddy just gave me some money and said and dont go buy any weed with it either 
 yo..... smokin weed doe  fye
 bro my birthday is tomorrow and all i want to do is smoke some weed and get drunk tonight
 damn youre good at math no im good at weed but that takes math like how much is a gram of steak why would i sell a g of steak 
 only id have a cough thats so bad  people ask if i smoke ciggerates
 i dont smoke crack  mother fucker i sell it
 war on drugs is stupid. marijuana should be legal amp dealt with similar to alcohol. spend money on job growth and ed 
 ion sell weed i smoke i sell crack and up
 u want him cause hes got lots of weed 
 i know it breaks your heart that i only smoke papers i dont smoke gars baby  @wizkhalifa pure fire
 if you spend the majority of your income on alcohol or weed youre a fucking idiot  and good luck with your future.
 if you spend the majority of your income on alcohol or weed then youre a fucking idiot  and good luck with your future.
 people never believe that i dont drink or smoke 
 soooooo  my parents know that i smoke now 
 make america healthy again cannabis can reduce obesity  opioid addiction  stress  amp chronic pain. these 4 killing americans in big s.
 ive spent the whole car ride trying to explain to my mom that smoking weed isnt bad
 yall be smokin lavender smh yall a smoke anything 
 all i do is smoke weed. im covered up in double gs
 my moms bf really dont like weed and dont like when we smell lmao like nigga we in oregon its recreational so who cares
 i dont smoke crack motherfucker i sell it 
 when your dads girlfriend calls you to ask if you have any weed 
 i swear i always smoke before i even eat anything 
 just in high school all these mfs were so against weed and shit now they all smoking.
 if you smoke swishers your a disappointment. 
 frequent s my fam ask  bf have you had sex yet you still smoke drink need pills 
 nah i dont . ion really smoke any tobacco  or leaf wrap shit . that shit be having my throat irritated 
 bitches dont een know how to smoke lmfaooo
 cigarette smoke makes me sneeze the a mf
 dont smoke  dont drink thats why i dont be by the barrrr baby
 @drugpolicyorg @nytimes ya this guy is wearing like 300 worth of gear to bust down a normal door xdlol money up in smoke
 dont stress over me  smoke dope.
 making my money smoking my weed
 watching sarah paulson smoke cigarettes is a great way to spend a weekend
 i just wanna do me and make money lmfao bitch you sell weed dont act like youre balling
 fueling up for the race tomorrow. beerismyfriend halfmarathon @ aviator smokehouse  
 my dad g told me last night  ill buy a pack amp smoke you amp yessi out  we died lmfaoooo
 i am so glad that i dont smoke it smells so bad in being next to somebody smoking makes me want to throw up
 @crissflameee who want some smoke bro bro   
 if its not weed dont smoke it around me 
 im the type thats always down to smoke with some new people.......  if they have some fire 
 @wizkhalifa bro you a great ass rapper and person. i dont even smoke and i vibe to yo shit heavy  if it aint you i dont play it
 u smoke one blunt and dont know how to act
 some people will blow smoke over your head and tell you its couldy. i like to call that bullshit
 save it all amp buy weed  
 she pretty but she smoke cigs 
 @maxinewaters trumpcare uses smokenmirrors. preexist cond requires buying  riders most cant afford. dont want us to put 22 together.
 i dont understand people that smoke while theyre pregnant... 
 if them hoes dont smoke dont let em in
 that moment when youre cooking but you forget youre cooking and next thing you know  the air is filled with smoke and regrets.
 dont be eyeballin my weed.
 ion smoke so i sell all mines 
 dont sell weed cuz bitch i smoke it. i sell crack  webbie
 if u smoke cigs it will make me think the worst of u js
 you say you want some smoke nigga puff it up   me biiiitttcchhh 
 just because you smoke and think about weird shit doesnt make you woke lol
 u dont want smoke 
 imma wear a dress if i want to. green hair  fishnets if i want to. smoke  drink  do drugs if i want to. i aint really trying to impress you
 im sick of yall mfs telling me i smokee to much 
 when liberals smoke a lot of pot  you get stupid statements about why money isnt real  when conservatives smoke a 
 calm down smokey everyone dont think as well as we do 
 who wants to smoke
 if you smoke wraps  straight raws  or dutches do not ask me to match save dat
 dont tell me u do drugs if u havent smoked this 
 dont tell me u do drugs if u havent smoked this  
 i dont trust people who 1. dont smoke weed amp 2. get soft tacos at taco bell
 smoking rapper weed with my gang
 bitches dont want you unless you sell weed and got 20 other bitches on the side
 no job is worth u quitting your weed addiction
 she does not smoke  drink  do drugs  she is not premious. she principled and ethical. i pray god have mercy of some of your souls
 @thtexoticstoner bro me n bre jus calculated how much i spent on weed this week  wtf is wrong wit us
 idk how yall mfs smoke weed everyday all day yall trying yall best to get cancer 
 i didnt even smoke yesterday and my lungs are done with life 
 its reefers bday
 do anybody have a decent weed man
 this guy. holy smokes what an amazing musician  and even more amazing person. you slayed that 
 dark liquor  hard sipper  heavy marijuana user
 i dont see why if for 3 months or 4 president wants a travel ban to weed out bad people  then let back in goodpeople he chooses abigdeal
 i really just want to relax  smoke  have a beer and listen to music with my baby today
 @bunkkevin happy birthday g smoke a buttfuck load and stay safe 
 nigga want smoke  we got the draco  it gotta dick with a scope amp a beam  
 so what we get drunk so what we smoke weed were just having fun we dont care who sees
 shell make a batch of regular cupcakes then make like 34 w weed just for us 
 this is how old men eat  they said... minimees seattlelife bww @ buffalo wild wings smokey 
 really how much weed have you tri that makes you an authority. schmuck. 
 she wanted that smoke. she know better next time. 
 @flluor im just done with drinking weed all of that shit its not worth it it just creates more problems
 and dont you hate it when you go to the smoke shop and the employee working doesnt know jack shit about the products she sellin
 nigga tryna smoke more dope
 i dont even wann smoke man
 i kant pop pills or smoke cigs nomo thats too cheap
 @amaltson i know. thats one of a few reasons smokey is in trouble.
 money and weed 
 id spend twice the amount of time hungover if it werent for weed. wow fucking bless
 for anybody whos never seen chance live he plays pusha man and has flow into smoke again and its the coolest thing youll ever wtiness
 fear is great way to weed out people who dont belong. mentality
 my frequent flier just lit amp smoked on a cigarette on his gurney while in the emergency department. thats a level of boss i wasnt ready 4
 everybody smokes...youre only a rebel if you dont
 if youre over there smoking weed or anything as long as youre not hurting anyone  i dont give a shit  coolest cop ive ever met
 dude. you know that biggums for gonzaga smokes so much weed.
 im about to smoke myself into a coma.
 if ur fucking w a nigga who only has weed amp dick to offer you dont fucking talk about how niggas aint shit or love aint real ur just dumb
 who wants to smoke
 lmao he dont want no smoke curt 
 free smoke is absolute trash dont act like its good
 this the drizzy i want man. free smoke. more life.
 i had the worse hangover i couldnt even smoke a blunt lol
 i dont care for this track but free smoke was dope.
 where theres smoke  theres trumprussia. 
 happy birthday @emsmith i love you so much dont smoke too many cigarettes 
 buy my own weed smoke my own shit by my damn self
 are you straight edge i dont know.. what do they do they dont drink  smoke  have sex.. basically dont socialize with human beings
 i had hope after free smoke but im disappointed
 this music make me want to smoke a blunt  its so calm
 had to look up what blem means  it means to be high off weed. now you know  too. ovosoundradio 
 when they call me a drug addict bitch i only smoke weed and that shit bout to be legal 
 especially treston and p them niggas dont know how to just smoke one blunt and be high they gotta smoke 2 3 4 blunt like ...dissss tew much
 someone just made me roll down my window to ask me if i smoked weed  what
 name heavy weed smoking rappers that sound aggressive..
 im not judging or holding anything against people that drink and smoke but dont act like im boring because i dont
 cmon bro pull over bro you know i need backwoods bro i cant smoke these swishers no more bro
 yall ever smoked some eastside weed 
 i want weed who on the northside can sell me weed
 logic sessions uses is like flat tire. marijuana does not lead to harder drugs heroin leds to heroin  crack leads 
 i dont understand how people who dont have jobs have so much weed
 this is why you dont smoke crack boys and girls. u become retarded. 
 niggas dont want smoke  dsd1bravo x @krazocb4 cb4cocaincowboy sxsw2017 @ 6th street  austin  tx 
 everyone hating on drake gone look back in their late 20s30s and wish they hadnt smoked so much crack. enjoy greatness man just do it
 im always the  i dont smoke nigga in the group
 the way drake saying free smoke got me laughing bro need to quit and never do that again
 i hit the weed then i proceed to say fuck all of yall
 i hit the weed then proceed to say fuck all of yall
 i hit the weed and proceed to say fuck all of yall.
 @brookeradio holy smokes that taking off your shirt thing was impressive
 my momdont be a dope  see what happens when you smoke dope  i dont think i have laughed so hard in just my life 
 you better pass me a blunt before you pass me a bottle cause id rather smoke than drink  mom.... who are you.
 officially never purchasing swishers again. games and white owls last so much longer we just smoked a whole swisher in less than 5 min 
 treat em like an 8th of sour get all em niggas smoked
 theres a trail of smoke that follows me from all the bridges i burned
 and the lord said let there be smoke goal orlando city vamosorlando welcomehome ocsc 
 tell me what you want baby tell me what you need i got youngins sellin coke   i got youngins selling weed .
 all these engagements on my facebook and my hobbies include eating a whole pizza and smoking too much weed 
 i didnt want i to chase trade like some of yall do just 2 get dick and weed  started selling my own shit and all the trade threw ass at me
 orlando city goals mean smoke device area @ orlando city stadium 
 and i dont even smoke.
 @afrob dont get smoked like a crumpet faggot fuck gibbs only time yall block hot when yall sip tea fuck studio time fix ya teeth
 they want to shrink the labor force and so increase wages but they also want to cull the herd  weed out the weak. 3
 all i want is that smoke
 never sell weed cause i smoke it to much...i fuck up the pack...
 i think i know why older folks call weed   dope cause as soon as a scavenging ass mf smell the weed they start acting like dopefiends
 and dont forget drake pushed this wack shit back from that december release cuz his project didnt want no smoke with coles 
 gotta love people who ask to smoke but dont have bud lmao ill pass
 me and my bro swerving to free smoke
 will never regret skipping prom bc all the money people spent being extra for prom and promposals went straight to weed and alcohol
 russian smoking kills more people than obama  although he kills a lot. dont smoke  dont be like obama.httpst.cowvahuvv6wy
 bro free smoke is so flames
 ima need another rapper to hop on free smoke amp do it justice. dont let that beat go to waste.
 foxx nigga you dont live how i live smoke how i smoke me  ion wanna hit it if it aint gon make me choke 
 i taught these boys what to smoke..  i taught em how to swag.. excuse me im sorry i dont mean to brag
 i dont know whats worse  people who vape or people who smoke cloves.
 i make too much these days to ever say poor me  lmaoooo that line on free smoke cringe
 drake wrong for putting free smoke first or is he smart...
 aint nobody tryna go half on a bottle with me and smoke
 ion smoke reggie.. ion even like niggas name reggie 
 i dont do drugs i just smoke weed
 i cant wait for the day my little brother realizes that smoking weed wont kill you 
 underwater love by smoke city is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 its hilarious how ppl down swishers like theyll send you to hell but literally smoke 30 baccwoods a day  yall ugly as shit
 anybody need weed i got it
 nah this free smoke dope. lol
 hey @orlandocitysc since we have purple smoke after every goal  why not rock out to purplehaze with the goals 
 fuck alcohol. i just wanna be 21 so i can buy weed and lighters and pipes and swishers and all that good shit.
 good thing ion smoke no more  
 ion know who smoke is but free dat boy.
 ion know who smoke is but free dat boy.
 same.. and i dont even smoke  
 what do people do that dont smoke 
 my manager anyone got a lighter  me no we dont smoke cigarettes around here we just smoke crack  my manager ..so can i borrow ur lighter
 ion know bout da rest but nxggas is ate on free smoke...28th
 i just want to sit in the car  smoke and vent.
 do people even smoke stress anymore
 as long as i got weed  ion mind staying my ass at home.
 i hate when niggas be flexing all the weed and drugs on snapchat like someone gives a shit
 you dont want no smoke  i want all of it  thats why its in my room
 girl dont you know the point is to make a cute vid for snap not to actually smoke duh  
 i dont smoke to get high i smoke to survive lmaoooo. bro
 i just passed a guy on times square with a sign that said  need money for weed  bitches  and pizza...yall  this guy is goals
 i smoke so much like its not even funny
 smoked some khalifa kush. not too sure its all its hyped to be. its just weed to me. mmj prop203
 do yall know theres more to life than weed and pussy or no
 now im in here putting out the smoke and shit and getting the smell out the house
 smoking weed outside with no shoes on is my shit
 why you smoke so much cause i can afford it bitch
 them backwoods be burnin yall throat cause that lil bit of weed yall put in em gotta stuff em.
 im not one to make promises  but i can guarantee someday. ill quit smoking weed. why because  i want to..
 people only wanna hang if you have match like damn we dont always have to smoke when we chill smh
 maybe if you dont want your nudes to leak you should try sending them via smoke signals.
 yall bitches dont want know real smoke 
 when its the weedmans bday amp you drylt
 @princessyayaaa you dont want this smoke 
 i make too much these days to ever say poor me  free smoke free smoke  morelife
 i dont smoke through my problems i eat through them 
 swanigan pops looking like the weed man who used to lurk in the unisex bathrooms at the tunnel back in the day.
 why do trucks even try to flex lol they always get smoked
 how much is an 8th of weed where yall live
 if were working a shift together amp i buy weed ill smoke you out. but unless you put  in or can match whats in the blunt dont ask if you
 smoking weed pen in public its embarrassing i dont want people to think im vaping
 friendly reminder to everyone going out tonight   dont drink amp drive  smoke and fly  
 alcohol makes me want to smoke blunts.
 never been this dry on the smoke and the cash shit dont feel right
 birthday g from the weedman lol
 lmao youre freshman  alcohol amp weed doesnt make you look cool  you dont drink or smoke anyways
 when some1 starts smoking weed in college they become like the coolest people i know like i dont think you can get much cooler than that
 ggg dont want no smoke
 holy shit this guy just spent 189 for 14 smoked meat sandwiches 
 theres no such thing as smoked to much
 me  i used to smoke a pack of primetimes a day @kennkennnn  what is that a colorado thing....     it really is
 crazy how i dont smoke hookah anymore
 im just sittin here nst smoke drinkin jack and tryin to free my mind.  nascar
 you guys dont even know how bad i want to one day throw in marijuana tube socks in my laundry and give them to mom to wash 
 someone at work said i dont smoke crack in the kitchen i said motha fucka i sell it and nobody knew what i was talking about. 
 i want some weed
 we smoke str8 dope aint no seeds in it  clean sprite put some lean in it
 if i ever wanted to roast a bitch  i just gotta let her know straight up that her mans weed is shit
 if you are mormon and dont smoke weed but you still do acts of oral sex or regular  youre still just as much of a sinner.
 so my dumbass tried smoking amp now  i only smoke once in a while. as long as i dont make it a habit  i should be okay.
 i dont even have enough weed for a wood lol
 wanna match  this nigga comes with no weed  oh nah you got me fcked up  i dont smoke no nigga up 
 people irritating af  everybody make a big deal out of nothing cause i dont smoke
 alcohol and weed is two different things. dont ever try and compare them to me i aint tryin to hear it.
 lmao my weed delivery dude said i look like the nigga from twilight. neverheardthatbefore
 lmao my weed delivery dude said i look like the dude from twilight neverheardthatbefore youknowwhoitis
 shit id even quit smoking weed for you baby girl
 so much weed 
 i want some weed 
 i dont even smoke......
 holding a p of weed is way better bro  
 if you have any issues with weed ampor how much i smoke it... we shouldnt even bother to get to know each other
 so what we get drunk  so what we smoke weed  were just having fun  we dont care who sees.  
 anxiety is like weed. you think no one knows that you have it  but they do. chris hardwick. so true 
 lmfaoooo i forget about a bitch every time i smoke fuck you mean  bitch im stress proof
 smokin reefer
 @seanhannity do you even read anything you put out or is it just one big smoke and mirrors shell game show pathetic idiot
 why tf dont know anyone in san rafael im tryin to smoke
 why tf dont i know anyone in san rafael im tryin to smoke
 i like how jamie talks about weed and i dont even smoke .
 all yall mfs do is smoke and do coke yall aint tired yet
 lmao the plug was hitting me up to smoke like 247 but blocked me when he got back w his girl like dude youre just my plug chill
 bro always smoke b4 shleep
 psa people who drink and smoke are not bad people
 lmao when the weed man dont answer 
 ion even smoke
 the day i spend time with @rexxliferaj  is the day im truly bless. moxie java  focus pills amp marijuana got me to the gateway  whats next
 i dont smoke but i would really like to get high right now. dont know why. just this current moment in time
 where the dope smokes at
 i hate when ppl dont know how to smoke lol
 lmfaoooo damn i wasnt even in my feelings  a bitch just wanna be high but la weed trash 
 i was smoking my blunt in there amp the bouncer took my shit. i know they smoked it. it was pearled
 its late aint no weedmans out im blewwww
 @lothejuiceman nooooo  i didnt even smoke a lot either.  ive just been feeling the vibe anyways. thats why i fw it here
  gus dont post that   it looks like you eat crack  wtf @trerobinson455 is smoked out 
 just got stopped by an op  had a ounce of weed and cocaine and he didnt find a thanggggg
 they should legalize weed. because its hard putting up with this damn president sober
 we drink we smoke we think know each other
 lol momma said do you smoke  i said nawl ion smoke cigarettes she tb some wym i didnt ask cigarettes i said smoking period 
 when your to your mom house amp she dont know you smoke weed ampi wakes up out her sleep to ask why im looking for a lighter 
 dude my girl jenna is a smoke show and has the hottest shoes ever
 and i dont even smoke
 free smoke and kmt are definitely gettin big plays
 @billnye yeah i can talk to it @billgates many friendly giant voice little people doing there job @010the we dont know that creepy weed los
 this is oj  ill smoke to that 
 and when i talk about drugs im not talking about weed
 i am going to smoke so much next weekend 
 parents be mad cause you smoke   like who dont smoke these days 
 holy smokes just buy some jiffy pop 
 like sum weed. @youngthug
 1 000 people evacuated now because of boulderfire amp boulder covered in smoke now  
 i promise thats my dude but we dont smoke that reggie bush
 @athiesthuman id like to thank jesus for cannabis brownies. yes  im atheist  and want all philosophies covered in this gratitude.  diana
 bad shit always happen to anything or anyone . so i just smoke ganja and laugh
 sometimes i really just wana @ people and completely jus say whats on my mind. but i dont want no smoke 
 if you smoke cigs
 i really dont care to let too many ppl know i smoke in my crib because then thats when everybody think your crib is the chill spot
 @jenkeesmaat if you want to see where smart decline is working check out northern japan  about planning for realities  not chasing smoke
 pull up smoke some dope nigga. 
 i only smoke that gas you can call it quik trippy  on mymixtapez now.. link in bio dreams 2 
 i showed my dad a pic of the lotus flower i want for my tattoo and hes like you sure you dont want a marijuana leaf okay dad
 do females even care about being educated anymore all you bitches do nowadays is smoke turn up  have kids and then never have your kids smh
  the only thing i smoke is the competition  @kevkane30
 boys cant believe it when i say i dont smoke no more
 i really dont sleep over 4 hours with no weed
 thank god yall niggas need to smoke raw cones anyways. 
 this gone be some dope smoke  
 after i smoke ima tell yall something
 bitches smoke to release stress i smoke to smoke get high as a mother fuck just cause i can 
 @keyfurrz come smoke weed with me silly
 i think my mom would feel better to know i smoke over being an alcoholic lol 
 lyrics i dont understand  lil wayne ft mack maine try me remix  my weed funky like armpits and assholes
 i want what she smokes  
 anybody want it they can get it free smoke
 im still smokin weed from colorado 
 i smell like dank amp ion even smoke 
 in the same way we take care of our crops by weeding out the weeds to ensure better growth. 
 dont want negativity in the air   i just want gas smoke in the air.
 nah  some of them got good weed and some give good laughs  we str8 i just dont trust em for nothing  
 everyone knows you dont smoke with ppl you dont know 
 drake play with these niggas to much. free smoke and do not disturb prime examples.
 @va4hillary1 all we have to do is look to the horizon for smoke  because if trump attends any church  itll burst into flames.
 she just want to smoke and fuck  i said girl thats all that we do
 swishers overload  dont like to smoke them backwoods hoe
 @potus lt heybig guy  just a suggestion today might be a good day to decompress  a lil weed and peyote and hang out in a smoke lodge...
 i know thats right   but guess what though ima smoke anyways  
 dont hop in my car bitch if you dont smoke
 @potus lt today might be a good day for you to decompress  a lil weed  peyote  @itspetergabriel and a sweat lodge for the day... trustme.
 you smoke a lot of swishers dont you 
 about to smoke a couple ls and head to dennys 
 dont even kno why i smoke sometimes smh
 girls dont smoke cigarettes 
 mom you wouldnt be sick of you werent smoking weed.  me  
 drake free smoke   me if any body want it  they can get it no joke 
 people be sooo shook when i tell em im mormon lol... but you smoke everyday and what that mean foo
 dont like to smoke those swishers  hoe 
 how much dick you smoke today  
 bro stay out my fucking weed 
 i dont smoke anymore im changing my life around
 im smoking dope i dont smoke normal
 h8 when i ask do u smoke and someone says smoke what crack... wtf do you think you moron.
 i dont understand people condoning drinking every night over occasionally smoking some ganja....noooo sense
 who wants to smoke
 whoever drake is talking bout on free smoke  i advise you dont fire back.... 10 billion streams in one fucking day legend
 about to smoke with the pops lol all this bullshit around us. highlife weed blessed
 just wanna eat good  smoke good  travel  make money and take care of my seed 
 @420stonercorner @breederslove never understood blunts  tobacco with weed   like vinegar in your beer lmao
 i smoke so much i say ima quit everyday
 smoke a whole lot of weed amp count a whole lot of money
 old white racists dont smoke marijuana there i fixed it 
 @highimsleazy good thing i dont smoke
 man yall cant tell me free smoke dont got the same flow and beat as grammys lol
 today a be a great day to smoke . let me call my weed man . i got like 4 of em amp they fwm so tuff i dont have to pay the strength
 i dont smoke with niggas  i dont smoke with anyone really but especially niggas   no idc if u burn it bitch.
 people really piss me offf thats why i smoke so much 
 if you smoking weed at the moment dont do it 
 i want to drink sours and whip up something on the grill in between a consistent smoke session. lets make it happen
 @ringodog she smokes with us and always asks about furry stuff lmao love her so much
 yall be pressed to smoke with bitches....then. charge. them. to. smoke
 i hate when people ask to smoke or smoke in the car when im in it like we all dont want cancer
 fuck cigarettes.. but ima still smoke em tho.. 
 why would you call the police if you found a brick of weed or coke like even if you dont do it why not sell it instead of turning it in
 anybody that smokes weed looks young and old at the same time.
 if this nigga dont hurry up wit my weed imma go off
 we are almost there people send donations i spent all my money on lucky charms and weed 
 want to smoke a blunt want to workout 
 @chikiuno put us on to smoke vegan wrap thats pretty much non tobacco backwoods shit feels like peeled off snake skin but its smokin great
 papi why your eyes so squinty me im sleepy. little brother your eyes are squinty cause you smoked sissy.  hes too damn smart.
 i dont even smoke.  
 my granny talkin bout i know you been smoking that good dope because yo pawpaw smoke it
 i know people that smoke more than they eat  like wtf
 just cause you smoke dont mean ya gotta be dusty
 @abc7 beer kills  weed doesnt...that i know of.
 nobody knows how excited i am to smoke the blunt im going to smoke after work
 only people who smoke swishers are niggas who make 3 blunts out of a .9
 i just want the simple things  so smoke with me babe.
 this what he do  eat em smoke 
 i dont mind people smoking at coffee rush but like dont be an asshole and smoke next to everyone i dont want that nasty shit in my nose
  marijuana  cannabis  bud weed kitchen  bedroom essential oil diffuser  
 dont smoke cigarettes.
 who want sum smoke 
 niggas dont want no free smoke
 do  u  really  drink  monster  and  smoke  weed  if  ur  fb  dont  look  like  this  
 if you in rva and want to work on some shit hmu im always down to rap as long as you got beats.   we can smoke too  on me lmao
 when they find a partially burned receipt for 1000  bottle rockets and a hemp wickcus im classy 
 idk why people get so surprised when they find out i dont smoke or do shit like that 
 im trynna have a big ass smoke party  we all match  too much  
 just because i smoke weed and you dont doesnt mean were incompatible
 i just want to smoke some weed
 the only cop i fuck wit is smokey the bear.  but bet heprolly shot a couple unarmed campers and put matches and gas beside em.
 last day to get 33 off products at sun tan city tanning lotions  hemps  body wash  etc. come see us 
 @detarioscott lying boy i dont even smoke that shit . you gotta put the whole 3.5 in it lol
 i have a tumblr but its for memes and i dont smoke cigs hahaha  and your bio is right  
 i spent too much money on weed.
 so much on my mind i wish i could shut it off but i know thats impossible so i smoke til my mind gone 
 youre the reason im thinking i dont wanna smoke on these cigarettes no more.
 @charlesmblow smoke em if ya got em 
 iont even care anymore when i buy lower percentage weed now and smoke wit people. like im not trying to be debilitated from a hit.
 what songs off of drakes new album shall i listen to thats worth it. i dont have time to weed out the fake island gyal accent
 so i just smoke to take the stress away   really that dont work nomore   so i dream about the better days   so i wont have to hurt nomore
 poo poo gotta be the funniest nigga in the smoke lmfao
 dredre baby know i smoke 93
 i ask her she smoke  she told me no im smoking up all the weed
 happy bday trent smoke one for me @trentobegz
 fucking weirdos how do i get out of that record contract idk dont smoke crack drugs are bad mmkay
 whenever my mom says she smoked more than me in highschool i just laugh
 @dirtytiedye i used to be able to do work and smoke in highschool but now my attention span is just like...nah
 this mf just said my girl gotta be able to smoke with me  tf   so both of yall asses cant pass a drug test 
 canadian liberals be like trump isnt my president.. lol no fucking shit we have a prime minister who only cares abt weed and refugees
 i dont smoke  barely even drink
 @aram753 i heard im so sorry ill smoke you out for sure man
 brooo who the fuck got weed i been looking for the past hour all yall plugs i know weak as fuck on baby nobody really trappin out here
 i smoke rapper weed
 ima need someone to buy me a pack of cigs i dont even wanna smoke it just chop
 what part dont you understand legalize  or marijuana
 never sell weed cause i smoke it too much.
 @beefxholiday boy if you dont know why people smoke weed  thats why u on the juul in the first place 
 if she smoke java fusions aka the great value chocolates dont trust her bro..
 i been smoking rapper weed with my gang
 why do i smoke so much
 im in weedpatch california were the population is like 97 mexican. you bet your ass the burritos are amazing 
 i hate when people try to talk down on me because i like to drink and smoke but end up doing it themselves.
 good thing i dont smoke no more  
 emslife so  dude calls 911 cause he smoked weed and now feels funny. 
 smh. so thats y you dont be tryna smoke w me 
 dont understand how ppl who dont work afford to go on vacation or go out and smokedrink all the time 
 happy birthday to my man johnedwards67 dontforgetthea @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 me guess what i just ordered on amazon liv weed
 i dont smoke to be cute  i smoke so i wont kill a mf 
 ask her to smoke  shell fuck you after too
 @robbeebobbee have you got a recipe for boneless skinless stuffed turkey breast in a smoker
 i dont drink like i use to but i smoke damnnsar everyday
 its fucking nice out. who wants to chill  smoke some loud its fucking nice out. i got loud.
 real life someone help me i have cigs beer n weed lol
 ever smoke yourself into anxiety lmao
 im buying my mom a weed shirt that says dont panic its organic and i will get her drunk enough to actually wear it
 you know your a stoner when you dont want to waste ur weeds at the checkpoint so you smoke all 7 joints and 2 blunts in 2hrs 
 i dont smoke crack mothafucka i sell it
 i got so much shit going on in my life the only thing i can do is smoke lmao
 who wants to smoke weed with me    i feel like shit
 i cant even smoke right now it doesnt feel right
 i disagree  weed is not a drug. wrong if its legal in one state fucc what you think  if dispensaries can sell it why cant we.
 feels amazing to be with my couch  my tv  and my cannabis again.
 you aint shit till you smoke a blunt full of pure thc and sit with 3 guys from at 1 am watching pulp fiction for t 
 you know what i love when a boy thinks ur a gook n tries to out smoke you so they can fuck lmfaooo bitchh i be cryinnn you cant play meee
 i have all this bud and still ask ppl to smoke me out lmao
 im not matching with nobody so ion know why tay called them over here. how can you call somebody yo match when you no supplying the weed
 im not matching with nobody so ion know why tay called them over here. how can you call somebody yo match when you not supplying the weed 
 niggas r weird even if i did smoke with you im still dont wanna fuck you. you think im gone tweak like that lmao
 im not matching with nobody so ion know why tay called them over here. how can you call somebody to match when you not supplying the weed 
 seriously hate when niggas wanna do a smoke session  but they dont answer their phone when im outside
 ion smoke no weed but yah shit smell like mint
 toxic people always find a way of weeding themselves back into your life once youve pushed them out. just dont let them back in.
 dont smoke if theres no food  @ weed  california 
 when he calls to wake you up and says your sleepy voice is cute but you know damn well you said like a 50 year old smoker
 all these white frat boys do is smoke and lie. gd
 i love weed and money  like they my heart
 i dont smoke all that often but i uh  could definitely stress smoke an entire pack of cigarettes rn
 trump wants to take all the illegal immigrants out that put drugs in our country the white girl that smokes every other day
 how you invite someone over to match when you dont have weed bitchh plays with yo self. solo it is ph
 like  i just feel depressed  i got no reason to  and i know this weed just going to make it worse
 the amount of offers i get to pay me to smoke with people. id be up lol. dont know why its fascinating ive never smoked weed
 i dont see ha people smoke and do homework  my ass be looking at the same thing for hours 
 didnt do that much today but i finally smoked with my plug and it turns out we both like cameras
 i use to roll printer paper up and light it and sit on our back porch and smoke it like i was really smoking a cigarette
 li fuck nigga u dont want no smoke u dont want no vance
 niggas sell weed acting like they make big money. lmao
 imma try to smoke tonight see how it goes  hopefully my mouth doesnt hurt too much lmfao
 @bbaddd hoes whats up you still want smoke
 you say you dont like when im high but your the reason i smoke.
 cherry just came in they dont really wont smoke 
 i dont understand how everyone in rockport is dry af allll at once like im tryna smoke yo wtff
 all im trying to  do is smoke dope
 snort some coke smoke some dope
 say she only smoke socially thats cool boo but that dont go for me
 beware this demon bring shame to stupidity like i bring honor to smoking weed every day  oh snap lol logic truth reason atheism
 i want to smoke  but i dont want to drive. 
 its so crazy how my music selection used to be back when i didnt even smoke
 i smoke so much dope i think im addicted
 i dont smoke but pass me a bottle and watch me down that bihh 
 @curejoy my inhalers and caffeine werent helping as bronchodilators. i began dosing cannabis edibles to breathe. 10mg100lbs of body weight
 @curejoy ive lost 20 lbs since i started dosing thc as a bronchodilator. your article on cannabis and weight loss is accurate.
 my weed be super loud so dont you ask me for advice.
 i rather be a n i g g a so i can drink and smoke weed all day
 why does the person i want look at me like im a gross ass weed in a field of flowers smfh
 everybody smokers until ya gotta job interview dat drug test
 if you smoke cigs   dont come by me
 i dont care because i dont smoke so 
 shordy dont even smoke she high on top of the sky
 i dont smoke crack mothafucka i sell ittttt
 i do not smoke with just anybody. thats a no 
 just cause i dont drink or smoke doesnt mean for someone younger to say  u dont even act ur age  bitch   stfu amp drink ur baby bottle
 i need a better weed plug in atl cause mfs aint tryna make no money man.
 they dont want no smoke they dont want no issue
 i would look at the shit thats showing monday but i feel that the head of the fbi  will say nothing about nothing making more smoke
 does anybody want to smoke with me 
 if you smoke flavored gars  dont talk to me.
 stigmabase usca   teen marijuana use and mental health disorders pose real risks as maine approaches 
 eye like the pope  the dope smokes dope 
 ive read other experts say the opposite or do they mean  only if smoked  really dont read much about negative 
 dont smoke2much youll miss out on the good dreams
 people who say things like organic food is not really organic are the ones who smoke cigs for breakfast and live off of redbull amp cheetos
 throw the bottle of whiskey under the seat  light a cigarette so he dont smell the weed
 call me what you want but i would have to say weed  i gotssss to stay buttadd 
 clucka i got people say i smoke to much drugs too because i love too thats why its fuck you   me  str8 up to th 
 remember this one guy i talked to tried to make me feel bad about myself for smoking weed. bert loves that i can roll his blunts for him.
 last smoke before the snowstorm by benjamin francis leftwich is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 i smoke a lot cause ion like ta think about shit
 she said no   like you could actually sniff the weed from your fingernails to get shell again . im so dead  
 idk who smoke is but if drake wants him free then i do too
 lol funny thing is i know niggas who smoke like this too. the shittiest shit. 
 ppl used to ask me if i knew where to find some crazy ass drugs in high school   i didnt even know who had weed lmao
 didnt smoke cigs now i need another pack shit 
 if your kids smokes weed they are going to do it regardless of what u say soooo might as well say fuck it  
 im always high but i speak real shit as much as i smoke .
 im tired of this addiction commercial coming on everytime i watch tv nigga they on crack i smoke weed its a hugh difference 
 u can not be saying the same shit turned alotta new weed
 never sell weed cause i smoke it too much  i fuck up the pack  i dont fuck with the sack
 i just want someone i can smoke with all day lmao
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 ion smoke imma pill poper 
 roll up that munchie cause i dont smoke no mid shorty
 dont even wanna smoke with yall females no more after hearing about ya
 i dont smoke so idc 
 malik and asia came all the way from kent to smoke with me
 when people be like lets smoke mei dont even know you 
 watching madmen makes me want to smoke a whole pack of lucky strikes.
 i dont like being offered to smoke a blunt  keep your crack to yourself my kind sir
 me walking into my apartment complex after hiding the weed i just smoked so the nigga next door dont ask for some 
 im tryna smoke but ion got weed and every connect is dead when you most need em 
 it dont make no sense how strong this weed is 
 the goal is to smoke weed with the @potus one day.
 yall some fake ass smokers if yall still smoking mids... if u wanna smoke some real shit hml.
 bro.....noone wants to see ylu smoke on sc everyday lmao
 so to my weed man i dont even have to leave my house  i wonder how long will this last 
 oh and im just holdin onto my breath i need smoke just to exhale. .
 who else you know roll and smoke like the boy. niggas cant fill these shoes
 i make a stem poke hole at the end so ion smoke gar.
 coffee is a wonder drug. like weed. 
 im struggling but i still got money for weed so im good
 @donnantwich @gwilymhardy not that thinly veiled. imagine contending w an @guardian it dont drink smoke drool 
 just got told you lost all that weight bc drugs bitch  marijuana did this  bitches are sad af bro lol
 dont want no friends  want some weed  want some killers
 today should be a day that id drink champagne  but all i want is a pack of smokes...18years
 underwater love by smoke city is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 i want to smoke 
 shoutout to all the homies i smoke with that dont try to smash
 some people dont need to smoke weed. niggas be walking around looking like zombies when they high
 taking a vow not to smoke or take a drink again until i get my college degree. my future is more important than all of the bullshit.
 girl you can have him i dont want a nigga who smokes and drinks their life away donthavetimeforthat
 how tf they gon say dont do drugs tell that to wiz he sell his on weed an is rich as fuck fuck outta here
 i dont give a fuck if you dont like that i smoke weed. im not hurting anybody. stop worrying about wtf chamaya does.
 we dont fuck wit u  we dont fuck wit u i can smell dat fake from like a mile or two  yo only smoke dat loud  n not dat reggie  mayne
 woods dont even touch me.  overrated smoke. 
 smokin rapper weed in the morning 
 if you smoke cigarettes ion even wanna fuck you. yuck. 
 bro drake ate the fuck out of free smoke sheesh
 still not sure why marijuana is illegal. you cant die from smoking too much but drinking too much alcohol you can die.
 off the edibles and good dope smoke
 i got that rapper weed pullup
 lml dont judge me cause i smoke weed when ur ass smoke cigarettes
 i just want to smoke and get this week over with
 first really good law trump had passed.making drug test mandatory if youre on employment. you shouldnt get free money and spend it on weed
 how long does a cig really take to smoke please count. 1 2 3.
 blem means to be high off marijuana if yall was wondering wtf drake was talking bout
 mad about my weed i aint even going lie.
 like i dont see why you would want to smoke cigarettes.
 i dont even think they what to smoke cigarettes they just do.
 dont stress over me bby girl smoke dope
 i wish i could opt out of the anti smoking ads on tv. i dont smoke. i never have. i dont need to see that at 723am.
 you know its real when i dont wanna smoke 
 when people ask me why i smoke 
 14 billion  the worth of the cannabis industry in california alone.  sure session  try shutting that down.
 14 billion  the worth of the cannabis industry in california alone.  sure sessions  try shutting that down.
 and all the bitches from the klan. come feel the wrath of a black man that doesnt smoke crack and...   i dont drink st. ides.
 i keep having nightmares that im smoking weed when i have a drug test wednesday ..... scary af
 when you dont smoke you dont have to worry about a drug test 
 im having an even tougher time being that i dont have any more weed
 dont know if i should eat first or smoke first
 @tmassey i dont smoke my greens i eat them fam
 quote jerome yeah we dont smoke american spirits anymore cause were fucking adults amp got shit to do
 i dont drink or smoke  so even taking an advil pm will make me loopy because i have no tolerance.
 i dont smoke or drink centralrys17 
 tired. only have enough energy to smoke my dope and mind my business.
 @wordplayna yes you dont even smoke but you high throats hurt and shit im outa of it
 lmao boy u tripping i jus be gettin mad weed n smokin thru my pack 
 try not to smoke but yall mf blow me
 @kaylaamoo lol no i know people who have done weed and they arent going anywhere in life people like you just dont wanna admit it
 people are watching how much weed i smoke  how bout you watch my high ass  3.9 gpa 
 no matter how much i smoke  i dont get red eyes. lol
 bc i work at racetrac i know this is true  but bc i only smoke papers and fronto  ion care  
 all i want is a girl to smoke with
 we buying fifths or liters and they coming with either a chaser  10 bag of weed or a pint
 u know how many ppl smoke a little bit of weed and think they jamaican  like cmon the man drake appreciates the culture let the man live
 its clear .@tgowdysc wants to investigate the smoke detector rather than put out the fire. trumprussia trumptreason trumplies impeach
 crazy ass people at my work smokin on some synthetic weed from the smoke shop smh lo
 roll so much weed up my fingers turning green 
 not giving out money to people who are just gonna use it to buy weed anymore...wasting my money on weed and i dont even smoke lol
 march 23rd my birthday..i just want tacos    weed   birthday sex and a good day 
 if u smoke weed thats cool but damn dont let it take over what u do daily lmao literally all this guys talks about just smoke your shit
 i dunno how ppl can smoke cigs in the morning.. let alone at all. 
 i feel bad for all the smokers in my bio class bc my professor just talks shit every chance he gets lmfao
 honestly love that i dont smoke cigs anymore and dont feel the need to at all
 the only person angry at the smoke alarm is the arsonist. comeyhearing  russiagate trumprussia leaks trump treason
 i smoke weed but my bitch dont
 lmao  the ppl just want a smoke they dont care 
 if anybody want some weed from colorado lmk cause im going to get some and coming back in the near future
 cigarettes and alcohol are legal too  but the government wants to make weed illegal out of all things  
 @wisdomsmokes thanks for the follow wisdom smokes let me know if youre ever hiring sounds like youre successful and driven 
 i dont smoke crystal  but im trying to support that crack life. dtla
 cleaned out my purse amp found out i accidentally brought weed back into the u.s. lol 
 i dont smoke w yall cuz ya gas weak
 why do all my family members ask me for weed like im the plug lol
 niggas talking about backwoods being the heathiest thing to smoke but you eat hella mcdonalds amp pop xanax left amp right stfu
 rose looked like a 40 year old man when i was a freshman but bro sold me the best weed and always spotted my broke ass
 left with me as soon as we came  smoked some bullshit  i know shell never do it again  try anything shell never do it again 
 thats what she gets for posting about weed 
 he roll me weed and he dont even smoke
 @kiarakenzie dont know what theyll accomplish. congrats. you smoke pot. they should pay attention to the real problems in that school. 
 so i can finally smoke i blunt a rolled a couple hours ago   i had to save it till i cleaned other wise i would of never cleaned 
 good weed and cold drinks thats the mf recipe
 lol bro ion see how yall smoke cigarettes  i need cigaweed
 ill tell somebody who dont smoke  smoke a blunt it will all get better
 new guy at work was like how do u smoke a cigarette that fast i told em ive been dead inside for a while now
 i know tooooooo many niggas who smoke and lost weight. like how whats the mf secret
 ion even smoke bro
 @yashar they want to investigate the smoke detector  rather than put out the raging fires of treason. trumprussia trumptreason trumplies
 she roll the weed .. i kill the beat 
 theres an assumption  that because theres so much smoke  something must be on fire 
 virginia and north carolina so many big brick smokestacks with the names of tobacco companies painted on them in white
 @presssec still trying to smokescreen the american public with wiretap. the russiagate scandal is still very much alive
 when i roll my last blunt i be like damn im out of weed  but ill be able to survive ian even gon buy nomo til pay day
 you tweet you dont care about drugs but youre the same girl who said she cant wait to smoke a blunt once you were done being pregnant lol
 nobody want no smoke for 2k or madden for the bread
 is it too much to ask for when i ask for a cool guy to smoke with that loves old school as much as i do
 i cant date you if you french inhale when you smoke i dont want that type of energy
 what do u care if weed was only ever medicinal for me and i didnt like being with a psycho day smoker
 ion even be tryin to smoke like that no more
 got free smoke on repeat 
 10 toes on the cement  lil weed in my socks
 so i have to go to drug counseling if i want to not live in the streets for smoking weed...weed not crack or coke or shit that could kill me
 @acalder21 i feel like i dont smoke enough for the tapestry life lol
 i dont need a girl to smoke with me to enjoy her company  but since i smoke so often girls dont like me being high 247.
 quote of day by @malcolmnance people keep saying theres smoke but no fireits smoke that kills you you know he wanted to add idiots
 not like i smoke em probably destinys 
 smoking weed extract makes smoking in public so much easier cuz it looks like a vape pen lol
 @inawordortwo ive even smoked guidos mental patient weed and its just not my thing i dont know.
 smoking is my hobby but we gotta do more lol i hate a lets smoke and be dull. or just try fuck nigga lol
 i see why weed illegal bro
 @zerogravityx lmao ayyyy clean bro  smoke sesh thus weekend  real effing talk. last couple weekends been trippy
 @theblueton i dont blame u for thinking this way  im the same way but what make this feel true is there too much smoke 4 there not 2b fire
 is that smoke i detect in the air or is it treason
 james comey looks like a disappointed dad whos only slightly ok with his son smoking weed and just avoids talking 
 you smoking weed with a guy you like and instead of putting his mouth in the bong tube he tries to put his mouth around it. wyd
 anyone know any good weed shops
 .@malcolmnance on trumprussia people say its all smoke amp no  well its smoke that kills you. msnbc
 who the fuck wants to smoke rn
 i rather b ya n i g g a .. so we could smoke weed n sip lean all day
 now you already know a real nigga like me still buying weed motherfuck the police
 @ people who actually put weed in their nails. why. just why. foh whaaaaa
 i cant fuck if she aint exotic i cant smoke if it aint exotic
 my brother and i were just doing hw and chillin and i see smoke coming from the kitchen and ask him whats that from and emir...
 @ike58reese man dont equate ais weed charge with beating women.  i know thats not what you meant but the phrasing of that...
 calling for da holy ghost money going up his nose sniffen like he gotta cold my life so fukkin dope how many blunts i smoke
 dont try to match me with no garbage ass weed . i will hoe yo ass 
 if you dont smoke crack  thats cool  but dont think youre somehow a better person than people that do.
 people say putting 100 mg of weed sugar in my coffee is counterproductive...  go fuck yourself in the ear best coffee ever
 lmao im str8 on the moonrock tip  ion even smoke nomo 
 smart kids who  smoke weed 9
 pat said he wants to roll me up and smoke me
 everytime 12 ask i smoke them mfs 
 @benavidezhd32 sb184 would not allow for unwanted exposure.  if a person does not want to be exposed to marijuana they dont have to be.
 @repkvw sb184 would not allow for unwanted exposure.  if a person does not want to be exposed to marijuana they dont have to be.
 @kennedy4co sb184 would not allow for unwanted exposure.  if a person does not want to be exposed to marijuana they dont have to be.
 @repmikefoote sb184 would not allow for unwanted exposure.  if a person does not want to be exposed to marijuana they dont have to be.
 annoying bitchomg  yall smell that weed  me i dont smell a damn thing .. 
 @leslieherod sb184 would not allow for unwanted exposure.  if a person does not want to be exposed to marijuana they dont have to be.
 @pollylawrenceco sb184 would not allow for unwanted exposure.  if a person does not want to be exposed to marijuana they dont have to be.
 @susanbeckman38 sb184 would not allow for unwanted exposure.  if a person does not want to be exposed to marijuana they dont have to be.
 how do people smoke cigs that shit dont even make you feel good
 lol i told my mom i smoke fat ones and she doesnt even give a damn 
 @philipacovarru2 sb184 would not allow for unwanted exposure.  if a person does not want to be exposed to marijuana they dont have to be.
 aint no i used to smoke and i used to drink either you do or you dont 
 also  hard drugs like heroin and opioids dont stay in your system that long.drugs like marijuana and tylenol stay 
 you fuckn politicians smoke crack   snort cocaine   n smoke weed more than anybody else. wat folks do n  private time is their business
 ion smoke no bullshit
 @jjeankaa know the reasons i smoked before you say that lol
 i smoked sooo much this weekend but my tolerance is building lol
 smokey taking a crap outside smokey you better not tell anybody man.  ezal hey  smokey back here taking a shit 
 yr people still whining @ electiondo they want civil warys pot illegaldo drs tell leukimia amp cancer patients 2 smoke crack or drink gin
 i dont think ive ever heard anyone say tht nd i use to smoke em httpst.co8pavbtck7q
 the only reason weed is illegal is so the prisons will stay full smh
 clinging to this weed like a life jacket
 dont smoke anymore so i have to come up with an alternative
 i dont even smoke anymore ..
 niggas dont een wear colonge nomore .. they dont give af about smelling like must or weed 
 wait so shorty got multiply face tats   but dont know how to smoke  this dont add up 
 guys who dont smoke gt
 the weed man in kc dont know the game smh legalizeweedinkc
 anybody in phoenix got weed to sell me lol
 wiz dont smoke blunts 
 why do people who dont smoke cigarettes act like those of us that do  dont know the effects  lady do you know t 
 all mf weed and food catching up to me
 this is like saying  i dont smoke. except when i drink. alternativefacts 
 kind of want to date the hot drug lordmayor of tijuana from weeds....
 low key want to smoke but its got to be with a dope  open minded  spiritual person so we can sit and have an intellectual conversation
 i miss all my old friends it sucks that just because i dont smoke anymore they dont hmu lol
 they dont feel my pain still  i jus smoke dope and let the drank spill down my throat till i cant feel
 when you dont smoke weed you save alot of money 
 dont tell my momma i been poppin ecstasy and smokin marijuana 
 ask about my cigarette past and itll explain the boys ive dated.... ask me about it now and i dont smoke.... makes sense now 
 @123genessee123 genessee love weed so much
 sometimes i think i shouldnt smoke as much weed as i do lol
 i dont understand why they think im this raging alcoholic amp drug addict... heaven fucking forbid i smoke a blunt amp drink a beer.
 good people dont smoke marijuana. jeff sessions  im making it my life goal to prove all people that believe this wrong. wake up people.
 . she canceled from ever smoking again she cant even buy weed nomore w| this fuck shit  
 unlikelymotherlyadvice smoke some crack with me . it will make more successful   im serious
 backwoods...i cant smoke no swishers  that aint healthy.
 had to pull down on them gg pussies rq but they didnt want no smoke smh
 someone sell me a g im tryna smoke fuckkkk
 when you smell weed but its not gas and you wish your plug was here cause you dont know wtf this stank shit these niggas smoking is
 noticing my bank account amp  thinking how did i spend 300 in less than a month oh yeah because i spent all my money in beer and weed 
 ion buy weed sir sorry but i will send people your way 
 im always doing great shit  i just smoke too much to remember. 
 big bert big smoke dawg big worm happy birthday bro @robertconnerjr 
 i cant tell what this even means but all this dude does is sit around  smoke and snort coke so  
 even tho its been a solid month  im realizin that i really dont smoke anymore
 i be more surprised when people say i dont smoke weed like really i feel like everyone smokes...
 a lot of people smoke just to follow they friends they dont even know why they smoke weed forreal
 you people dont understand the weed drug is a gateway drug. first your kid does the weed drug  then they worship satan  then the video games
 everyday somebody asks me if im high but i dont even smoke  my eyes just stay being irritated 247 
 you know what if youre unemployed  why the fuck should anyone care if you...hang out  smoke out  drink  play ps 
 you a nicki and a drake fan ion want no smoke fam 
 man  that cannabis is really proving to be dangerous to the population  eh 
 if you dont like someone because they smoke weed  you should probably smoke some weed and stop being judgmental 
 steph dont want no smoke
 itss nacho  kind of tunnel. ha lol cool @ smokey mtns 
 smoke all the weed you want but plz dont do h
 psn splashgang087 who want smoke 2k17 or come get yo shit cleaned up on ufc
 if you smoke all day does that mean you are hungry all day
 im probably the only me that i know that dont smoke
 im probably the only mf that i know that dont smoke
 jeff sessions defends big tobacco  which kills over 400 000 people every year... rails against cannabis  
 if you are on the weed drug and are addicted there is one cure let jesus into your heart. that guy hates the weed drug amp will punch you
 this so true i used to smoke but now that i dont where all my friends  i used to chill with on a regular basis th 
 i wish my weed man hurry up  w his slow ass
 u ever weed bro 
 not pictured grant buying a half smoke at a food cart 
 even if you dont like more life you cant deny that free smoke slaps
 telling people to smoke amp i dont even smoke lol
 @bleacherreport bra jennings dont want that smoke fym
 i dont drink or smoke i dont care to go to parties i personally rather be cuddled up with my bf any day 
 cq5 does weed count  ya feel me @ashleymonroe  cmchat 
 @viotch theres this dude next door who does that but its because hes a true addict and legit smokes 18 hrs of the day.
 liberals dont care its all smoke and mirrors and distraction 
 fuck it ima make edibles and my shit gone be hitting.. yall putting 3 grams in a batch of brownies .. that shit for people who dont smoke
 aj styles says dont smoke. 
 i smoke too much for me to like smoking with other people. rather face this blunt 
 i know im in lasvegas 1smelling smoke everywhere 2chapped lips even if u r smashing h2o 3paying twice as much for @starbucks on strip
 like oh no i dont drink or smoke... shut up u were prob plastered last night
 @rockinmyretroz i dont smoke  text me lol
 told my mama the weed i smoke medicinal she dont bother me about the shit no more
 if you think smoking weed is bad... than dont smoke this blunt with us you pussy ass bitch ass bitch
 i dont do shit but weed   yall can have all that extra nonsense
 to everyone that says  they dont smoke just high on life ..... lmao  oh.  okayyyy
 you know we drink good  smoke better  count money whats better
 three different types of weed   i just want some moon rocks now
 if it doesnt bother the nigga that im in love with that i smoke cigarettes why would i care that it bothers you 
 yall smoke too much weed. maybe yall should sometimes never hit the blunt. cause you sound dumb as shit
 wish i had some chow to smoke right about now.... now thats love 
 i think my boyfriend smoked today. i know he did  he cant even tell me he didnt cause i just know he did 
 spend so much money on weed its sad
 dont make me smoke up all your kush  dont make me pop your cheap ass pills. i do this for the thrill.
 nigga you @d me and said im trying too hard. lol yall niggas smoke too much 
 just ordered a bunch of colorful smoke bombs on amazon  so if you can breakdance  lemme know although i should alr 
 @dejabrown you see how dark that shit is  you dont even smoke no mid nigga shut up
 where the video of the man saying i dont smoke to get high. i smoke to get by
 @justinellis12 sorry dude they have hits. if im sittin at sam rayburn drinking a coors light  smoke is the song i wanna hear
 we make wing flavors rappers rap about.  really wingstop rick ross is a franchisee. dont blow smoke up my ass.
 look. im not saying i just smoked weed from a la croix can but im also not not saying that.
 knows drinking and smoking is the closest way to death   continues to drink and smoke.
 steph dont want no smoke with the 513 bro 
 if you smoke legal thats you but think about it   is it really worth your life  your kids  your family i just dont understand 
 lmao omg i dont even smoke  
 when i smoke i be talking crazy for no reason but it be real shit.
 tell me free smoke dont go hard
 the bull rider on dancing with the stars  what in the... no words. i need a cigarette. and i dont even fuckin smoke  breathe.
 dont nobody smoke reggie but you all had this way  
 never sell weed  cause i smoke it too much  @jidsv
 the bull rider on dancing with the stars  what in the... no words. i need a cigarette. and i dont even fuckin smoke  breathe. dwts
 i jus want a girl that like to smoke  keep it real get money have sex and travel just as much as me 
 but she dont smoke  
 i want to smoke i want to smoke i want to smoke i want to smoke i want to smoke i want to smoke
 ion smoke. 
 maaaaaan. my city really got the most weakest weedmans damn yall agg bro  niggas dont want the money
 i cant fuck with people who jist smokedrink all day wtf you doing with your life
 @chelseahandler no excuse needed for me. i dont smoke dope amp know the difference between jeans vs genes. youre ju 
 really bout to stop fucking with these weed niggas in pa inconsistent mfs.
 i dont smoke that shit anymore get it out of my face
 lmao amp i honestly be so damn irritated with this shit cause pa weed better on me but damn consistency would be amazing 
 psa  everyone knows alyssia be down to fight. i def. dont talk much tho. you bitchies dont want the smoke . stop acting for twitter .
 you off the ganja bro 
 i want to smoke but dont feel like rolling up
 if youre not in school i dont want you if all you do is sit around and smoke i dont want you  if you have no ambitions i dont want you
 if u want to stun the smoke circle  read this article. 
 you know me smoke dope get thru the day lol i been good lol 
 i dont do drugs bitch i smoke weed
 did curry really try westbrook im sorry but he doesnt want that smoke not one bit
 throw the whiskey bottle under the seat   me light a cigarette so he dont smell the weed 
 bitch you dont smoke big dope
 dont smoke no swishers round me law
 if you smoke like this.. dont hit my blunt 
 free smoke for anyone that want it.
 people always trynna say that im following the hype cause ion smoke swishers like no swishers are nasty period 
 i really want to smoke but not like this 
 im out here smokin weed  speeding. fuck  that  thats me untouchable
 either you make more money or smoke less
 stigmabase usca   teen marijuana use and mental health disorders pose real risks  a family history of more 
 got a nug of weed just chillin in my pocket
 who tryna smoke for my homies bday
 yal annoying talking about  dont smoke no swishers around me  mannnnn yal niggas just started smoking backwoods last month . gtfoh 
 i always tell adrian i want a badass bong  and hes like for whattttt you dont even fucking smoke.. i know but i just want one byeeeee
 my manager smokes weed tooand her brother is the new plug
 son watching ur man smoke be too much for me dont even wanna finish the damn jay 
 bro smokes so much im high off the fumes
 i be havin juice that i dont even ask for  like people will just put me on about other people amp ill just smoke my blunt and listen 
 never understood why peeps smoke and then hit the gym. like  how do you focus 
 i hit the plug with the switcherou nigga i never smoke swishers dude  stream fronto leaf 
 curry dont want no smoke 
 i just want the simple things  so smoke with me baby
 he want some dope ima sell em the sac i smoke
 i smoke swishers
 yes  if you smoke.  better bond. 
 all i do is eat cereal and smoke cigarettes
 smh life so crazy  only solution is to smoke crack
 when god takes someone out of your life just know its for a reason. theyre getting weeded out your life bc they dont deserve you
 i feel so boujie i wouldnt even smoke out beyonc
 i really hope he dont think i like him  i just need to cop some weed
 never met the plug but i rap about the plug... lmao. that was hilarious. cause you know mad nuff of these niggas dont even know a weed plug
 @dcexaminer unarmed zach hammond had two marijuana joints cops planted dealer weight crack cocaine on the boy after 
 she dont like nobody she in love w the weed
 akon eyo gringo eyo gringo   me i heard you want some marijuana or some pure white coca 
 we want all the smoke.
 i just need one pretty ass bitch to be my friend and loves to smoke weeed as much as i do and spend time with me
 did this dude really ask me to fucking match i dont wanna fucking smoke
 all anyone wants to ever do is smoke in a car to music shit is lame and played out
 bro my baby daddy makes me wanna smoke a whole pack of cigs at once then 5 blunts and drink a pint
 i wouldnt make that nigga part of anything i did lmao he has nothing to offer but weed and compliments.
 ashley texted me back that means she is up too and can come smoke with me 
 @davechappelle your the real goat  just watched episode 1 and i cant stop laughing  also kudos you dont smoke cigs on stage anymore
 who wants to smoke
 we want all the smoke
 my shirt came. smokey the bear not just preventing forest fires anymore. resist 
 i think they smoke crack yo 10 000hrs of practice 
 good weed. good drank. big money 
 having a huge ass canker sore and needing to smoke as often as i do is the most painful shit
 she smoke cocaine... big bro aint got no taste in women... he be choosen these leftfield ass mentally unstable bitches
 niggas dont want smoke niggas dont want blunt
 smokin weed so pointless now its jus a temporary high.
 unless its money   food   or weed dont wake me up cus ima be trippin .
 regrann from @traplorddbeez       regrann  krayziebone @ smokehouse beatsi made 
 realized i dont have weed lol
 all you niggas do is pop pills and smoke all day  looking just like zombies 
 big year for rapper weed first future then  dave chapelle big year for rapper weed
 @donoharm right to do so.  weed is not some hard drug  80 of the ppl you know do it i guarantee it
 ion want no type smoke if yo main thang all in my vault
 i been on some never going back broke shit.  you niggas be on that make enough to smoke a wood shit.
 he dont want no smoke  he dont want no static.
 oh and blem means gone off of weed  so i dont want to here you anti chronic bitches tweeting it
 i would save so much money if i stopped smoking weed... 
 if you smoke weed here and there  then dont give me shit for smoking everyday
 look beyond the smoke  and you will understand the truth.
 @cnnpolitics i still dont think there is fire  but they really need to stop making so much smoke.
 never sell weed cuz i smoke too much
 smoking is going to be the death of me and i dont even smoke
 russia has the best antismoking ad ever smoking kills more people than obama  although he kills a lot. dont smoke  dont be like obama
 @spectatorindex its all it matters for big corporations in dont care about ppls health. thats why the fight against medical marihuana
 i havent smoked in like six years since the army tests us ask the time but every single smoker i know says i gotta try edibles.  nah bro
 @alyssapfister they dont call me smokey mcpot for no reason baby.
 niggas buying weed from hoes  lmfaoooo
 dont even know when the last time i brought weed from this man   he just be giving it to me just cause
 lmfao the u.k. dont want smoke fam the got this work back in 1776
 mfs dont be smoking no rapper weed.
 the media amp even fox news doesnt really want us to know the raw truth. its all hype  smoke  mirrors amp crap.
 not gonna pretend i dont smoke  but what a savage lmfao 
 just because you dont smoke or drink doesnt make you a good person
 i dont even smoke but my morning is tempting this 
 ion even live there but this really all i see. dick and weed 
 they dont want no smoke they dont want no issues
 my cheek is so swollen and im so hungry but cant eat or drink shit or even smoke literally fuck my life lol
 @surrajbhola that is northern lights cannabis indica
 all the weed smoke bussin my lungs im the whip wit a 8 bottle only trusting my gun 
 whos tryin smoke
 bitch i smoke dope  i dont snort dope.
 because weed kills no one...ever...in history 
 is there such a thing as a homeless person who doesnt smoke cigarettes
 i hate when ppl ask me why i smoke so much..
 10.25 what the fuck can a nigga do with 10.25 plus your weed habit plus my weed habit and your weave habit
 fuck that cracka buddy dont want smoke  
 i dont even smoke
 frfr i want to fight or shoot it out one it dont matter to me  who want smoke
 anyone want to come smoke my weed and leave me to do my important things
 derek offers me weed me im good derek you mean you dont wanna smoke before a drug test
 80s babys like crack  90s baby like weed and pills   2000 babies love dick 
 you dont put enough weed in ya blunt  all you smoke is tobacco 
 @hunterswindle7 you dont want no smoke
 i want ashley 2 have her baby already so we can smoke a blunt 
 ew no i dont smoke weed has smoked hella weed pounds a bottle of alcohol
 hey pot smokers who smoke in front of entrancesenclosed public spaces i give zero fucks about you smoking but dont fucking smoke there.
 my sister smokes swishers faithfully i dont think were really related lmao
 @bieiik she told me i smoke too much wtf bro
 bry basically just told our whole class amp our professor that we smoke weed regularly lmao 
 lmao this is fuccin creative  everyday i touch weed and never thought to make a  marose 
 less money we spend on bs the more for the weed  juvie the great 
 we want all the smoke .
 soooooo im about to smoke my rental out  bad idea i know right
 i smoke way too much to try to remember shit
 closed mouths dont get fed so iam saying something  follow young smoke he up next his single 
 my uber driver and i clicked when he said i graduated southern...i smoked everyday i dont even know how 
 backwoods overload  dont like to smoke those swishers hoe.
 now that i dont smoke all i do is think about spending money on food
 @rspavek i want a cannabis market to fight herion  15 wage by 2020 or at least 2022  health website that works..
 people who still buy dime bags shouldnt be buying weed.
 ion even gotta say a word   i let my weed talk
 shows how in the weeds obamaworship has fallen. lowinfomsm minions tuesdayselfie 
 since i cant smoke i be buying gas amp be letting my kush connoisseurs let me know how it is
 do these people want to kill me are they real or not  do u hate me u havent talked to me is that real or not lets smoke more and find out
 i need a fucking cigarette and i dont even smoke
 i dont smoke so dont ask me to match
 folks really dont be wanting no smoke 
 you dont know what its like to be frustrated if you never smoked a blunt and shed a tear of relief
 marijuana essential oil diffuser for kitchen bedroom  car  bathroom aromatherapy pendant necklace jewelry cannabis 
 that nigga claws look dangerous af ion want noo smoke 
 when all the white boys in my class argued against marijuana legalization 
 yup lol alcohol over weed anyday lol 
 my parents got a bottle with alcohol and weed in it  think ima swig it 
 @juanibegood you just have to really want it. i dont think im cool enough to roll up a pack of cigarettes in my sleeve. i also dont smoke
 80s babys like crack  90s baby like weed  2000 babies love sucking dick 
 i dont smoke or drink thats my preferenceeee
 ion smoke crazy mutha fucka i sell it
 watch how you speak on my name  you know  free smoke
 i dont like blunts but when i do smoke em it just better be that game. if you hand me a zig zag im looking at you sideways
 you roll backwoods but smoke skimp shit lol right
 i dont smoke too much. you just dont smoke enough
 i want all the smoke
 its my mans birthday so yall know what that means ... i got him some weed cause i dont give it up easy
 only rock designer smoke exotic
 if you thought chocolate was bad for your pup  weed is even worse 
 i jus need daddy to roll this weed ion even want sex lol
 80s babys like crack  90s baby like weed  2000 babies love dick 
 you ever just like  fuck it i got weed 
 if you work to spend all your money on weed got no car not in school wyd
 anybody say they smoke mr everyday a damn lie or their body is ready for crack. 
 i dont always smoke weed... but when i do  i ask my mom for money for chipotle then buy a sack with it 
 so many ppl i know smoke cigarettes  2 sad
 when she say she dont smoke weed .2 seconds before snorting a line of coke 
 my mom put money in my account so i can get a new water bottle but really its going towards weed
 fuck this stupid drug awareness class bullshit. im not a drug addict i just smoke weed. stupid fuckers 
 @goldyflexx you tell me . you the one who smoke cigs
 i spelled it out so people dont think i meant kk the horse tranquilizer and then i thought i dont think you smoke that...
 i think weed just makes me super hungry to make up for all my missed meals.
 my daddy dont know i smoke he be trying get me to tell on my self 
 like he was a backwood well smoke shorty and hell nah we aint friendly dont know shorty
 it may not be as popular here but seeing someone smoke a j on street makes me like this city even more 
 people smoke too much crack 
 man im so happy i smuggled that half zip of weed money can buy on my flight back home
 @madypls mady... you smoke.... whaaaat
 yess we want everyone to love weed like we do thats why share the love  lol 
 wall in the whitehouse until the russians are smoked out russiagate trumprussia trumpleaks dworkinreport 
 he dont want no smokeeee  he dont want it 
 i dont feel like i have to smoke everyday im pass that and for me thats saying a lot
 im the type to smoke a blunt on the people  i dont seen the money turn niggas evil.
 sorry cant continue to follow when you keep posting some nasty ass syrup with soda to get high. mother fucker smoke some weed cut that shit
 i smoke way too much.
 actually  firefighters say they were able to save the building but it will have smoke damage 
 nigga said who needs some dope nah nigga i smoke weed  not dope.
 who want smoke  
 we want all the smoke
 ew she smokes cigs           nigga that pops xans and sips lean
 doctor do u smoke me umm what do you mean
 i really really cant wait for my nigga lamelo to be a freshmen on ucla and absolutely smoke everyone. little does anybody know he been
 @realdonaldtrump @presssec where theres smoke theres  
 dont you just love the smell of marijuana.
 i just really like to smoke... is that a bad thing 
 i got people say i smoke too much drugs  
 mac dre we dont like broke bitches  we dont like brown weed  we dont like no snitches.. the bay take the polic 
 weed even tho ion smoke no mas 
 buss down weeding ring ion even got a wife.
 dont be a shoulda coulda woulda ass person  dont grind the weed.. grind in the gym stay woke people  stop t 
 its seems breathing in cigarette smoke from documents is enough to give me a sore throat. yuck.
 jawain rather buy me something then to give me the money i be like give me 20 he be like im going get weed and get snacks what you want 
 im putting niggas to sleep in the smoke sessions
 nigga just need a pound of weed bro id be ight.
 im tied of yall lying saying weed be having people looking like a baser 
 aint lose no weight off smoking weed 
 good weed have u gaining major weight 
 theres too much smoke coming from this @whitehouse for there not to be any fire. trumprussia russiagate
 buying weed with a debit card and getting a receipt is still so strange to me
 somebody tell @smokedoutluger he dont want no smoke loudpack loudpack2g cookinup cookup 
 some girls spend a lot of their money on makeup. personally  i buy weed.
 i see @thismanskii dont want no smoke ova here 
 counting money  smoking weed   all i know
 anybody down to smoke and get food 
 i never smoke only every now and then and thats why i dont buy some myself hahahah
 i dont smokemitski
 need me a new weed man  because mine like to talk and what not. i just want my weed bro 
 its easier to get weed than it is to get cigarettes in la thats the future man
 word is bond  im a smoke him yo dont fake no moves what treat it like boxing stick amp move  stick amp move what is the next line
 hs myspace girls who were hxc and their background was always weed leavesbrass knuckles and always threatened to curb stomp ppl lolol
 @nursenselena she dont want no smoke
 backwoods are cool if you have enough weed to put into one amp know how to roll one. but they are a fad. they have been around forever
 but they all of a sudden been slowly becoming what your should be putting your weed in. thats fine its no big deal. but its a fad. lol
 imma kill this nigga... say bye bye to yall weed man
 oh you want to save the bees how about starting with not spraying your entire lawn with chemicalspesticides every year to kill weeds 
 day 3 no backwoods smh at this point i dont even wanna smoke cuz these raw papers are annoying
 smokin all this weed cuz you know a nigga got issues
 gottaaaaa smoke before i eat. 
 bad weed  not in the market but an amazing ancestrale naturel from fincaparera espaa 
 i just want to smoke
 like why invite me out amp you smoking weed in ya fucking car like i dont smoke amp i dont want that fucking smell in my clothes amp hair
 i dont ask people if they smoke weed anymore i ask them if theyve started
 i dont ask people if they smoke weed anymore i ask them if theyve started yet 
 straight fire fam smoke to this one good shit g 
 then they got smoked by the orioles in the world series 
 ayo @ravenxmiyagi good seeing you my g i completely forgot bout that late night smoke
 now that i dont smoke im really always by myself 
 gonna smoke some bowls to the face and see what these maze runner movies are about  anybody watched em and think theyre worth watching
 lmk why i washed my hands and took a shower but my fingers still smell like backwoods  this is why i dont smoke blunts
 yall smoke swishers fr
 i need a life where i can smoke again. thats my goal for 2017
 backwoods overload dont like to smoke them swishers hoeee
 yall weed dealing mother fucker flop ass stoned bucket heads step ya game up or dont say you sell weed 
 @texasmonthly vividly brilliant article..... i can smell the weed and hear the music. peace. love. willie.
 trade the drinks for the gym and all that smoke for ambition. 
 he wants me to make weed brownies
 im just really excited to smoke ya feel me
 @dechmanzane gtfoh lil nigga you dont want no smoke
 backwood overload  dont like to smoke them swishers
 i usually dont have much to say until i hit the weed.
 i smoke more than anybody on my tl...... dont mention me
 my neighbors better not ever text me on that shit cause ill smoke wtf i want on my damn property bitch 
 weed raids kill more people than weed does.   protect amp serve doesnt mean shit.
 @ohthatsdeja nothing works for me either and thats why im always crying... weed make ya pain go away i heard
 new orleans too small so if my bro done hit a female i used to fw we either laugh about it or smoke about it  never get mad tho
 some ppl actually think i smoke like wtf the bubble gum cigs look so fake lol
 they keep showing trailers for rebel and i still dont know what its supposed to be about @bet  send a smoke signal
 which roommate said it  im not attracted to men anymore  im only attracted to money and weed.
 wiz khalifa  every time i go out  im blowing that smoke out   everyone  i buy it dont even know the priiiiiiiice 
 bout to pop this bottle and smoke a blunt with my grandma word to everything thats my ride or die bro lol just kidding fuck my grandmother
 my babies came in today. who want it free smoke pinnaclemma kickboxing boxing muaythai 
 im convinced some of yall dont even get high from smoking weed anymore 
 going to smoke my medicine  
 bitches really out here putting weed i their nails 
 lol i got weed and dont smoke lol im that guy  
 just cause you cute dont mean you get to smoke for free
 ion like none of you hoes tbh  she roll my weed and ease my headaches ion ask for much 
 dont smoke weed down here
 im as loud as this weed but you dont hear me doe
 stop sending me pics of weed. i dont even smoke
 i just want to smoke right now
 ian smoked in 3 days  im tryin big fella
 cant even go a day without someone tryna sell me weed 
 yall be leaving good niggas or bum ass fuck boys and cheap weed 
 when she smoke my dope  
 spending money on food gtgtgt spending money on weed
 til this day my brother still thinks we dont know he smokes 
 i be wanting to smoke so bad but then i remember how much my baby loves my breastmilk 
 who the fuck charges 20 for a gram of weed. like yall on some phony ass next shit.
 some say its the smoke i say its that amp i really appreciate how far ive came so i enjoy it amp dont let bad times last too long
 spray paint all the walls and smoke weed  fuck them  and fuck yall  and fuck me
 stogie then heater heater then stogie either way  smoke em if you got em.... 
 north korea dont want no smoke. 
 ion know if its me but weed not getting me high anymore  i smoke half after half amp dont even b high like how i want too
 @mizzcandy09 last thing i know bout blem is thats what you put in weed
 i just want to smoke but no one is downnnnn
 to the people who dont smoke or drink like me  what yall do for yall 21st birthday cause im slumped
 you dont even look like you smoke and you dont look so smart sooo stfu
 its crazy how when i was little they told us not to do drugs and about drug free zones an shit now all we do is promote an smoke it 
 in a bad fucking mood amp i dont have no weed to make matters worse 
 we want all thats smoke 
 @adsosv but she knows i dont smoke cause she asked me this weekend soooo lol why even
 dawg iont even smoke but i know thats some dick head shit. he mustve thought your name was chad and you went to g 
 youon want no smoke  nigga dont want no starch aye.
 intense @nbcchicagofire  holy smokes
 you know what im about to say it. i dont care how much weed you smoke 
 really thats all you have to ask and shit after you technically accused me of doing marijuana when i didnt 
 i ask if she smoke and she tell me no im smokin up all the weed
 and people always ask why i dont smoke or drink
 we dont have an audience i have an audience. you got less than 250 followers and half of em weed pages. and im not 
 if you want smoke ... its free and you can get it all bitch. now you know where i be and u want to talk then talk to me
 @thomaswictor before heroin was dope  we called weed dope and wed always ask why do you think its called dope it makes you a dope
 when they dont even smoke woods but they know thats the only thing you smoking so they steady coppin ahhhk
 man i smoke too much   i dont think i can stop lmfao .
 just because im not a hoe  amp i dont smoke anymore doesnt mean im not fun
 like like whats next whats that whats up i just want to chill drink smoke fuck 
 why dont the weedman deliver  lol like is that a thing
 smoking cigarettes isnt cute... ok bitch so dont smoke them lmao
 juss seen smokepurpp woah video  so you rappers do use fake money  ..... madd fake money 
 i just want some weed
 one of you lil whores smoke me out
 if you dont smoke everyday then wyd 
 i smoke too much weed to be getting mad over petty shit
 yeah  so im in a rant tonight but if you dont like people who smoke or dont smoke thats cool but dont downgrade the people who do.
 i be tempting to smoke but then again ama keep that away from me for awhile just for my future
 he ask for a cig and just smokes in on stage lol
 ppl who dont smoke really think that ppl who do smoke care how yall feel about smoking 
 like fuck legalize weed or something so i dont have to worry about drug tests
 this tweet makes me want to smoke and i dont even smoke 
 people always ask why i dont smokedo drugs etc. but when you love life and hustle hard you just dont want drugs fucking with your mind
 sometimes..... you could be the reason why i smoke weed too much
 a bad person... cause i smoke weed
 this drake album bangs tho..got a lil of everything.. relevant and relatable  and lots of passive aggressive revenge songs to smoke a 3.5 to
 ion really smoke w| people cus energy.. so if i do  i fucks w| you.
 lol got to come harder than that never sold all of my stamps number 2 know toni dont give you money he either spending money on weed
 i dont even smoke backwoods im rolling up as we speak 
 theres not one day junior amp i dont smoke
 i love that i get yelled at for smoking in the house and they dont even take my weed
 @slaykayx never did alcohol  smoke drugs  etc. dont club
 mfs see you smoke and think you a loser
 and yet dt and his kids dont drink  smoke or do drugs.... morningjoe
 i smoke  i pop  im suppose to stop but im not 
 @reezyhendrix awe come smoke amp no i am not creative enough lol
 happy hemp type of morning...  divasonthemove healthiswealth @ 
 that shit get on my nerves how you smoke but dont know how to smoke 
 @huffpostpol reason is they have no trumpcare in place. its all smoke a mirrors. however   dont forget all tru 
 good @538politics chat on the smoke vs fire of trumprussia ties  how much is fire  you ask 
 its said would you smoke crack for 10 million. man look.  me 
 she know how to roll the weed good amp she a big freak 
 if this dont make you smoke........... 
 just because drake dropped free smoke  dont act like yall been on hiatus kaiyote. dont be out here misrepresenting my favorite band lol
 i think id like to smoke my own weight in weed
 i cant see out these niggas out here finessing they homies over weed  money and pills
 i dont like smoking but been wanting to smoke one for a min....
 thats pretty cool... to bad i dont smoke anymore  
 i dont know how to feel about more life. i just replay dnd  ice melts  and free smoke.
 its a beautiful day in hempstead..... i know the mayor so i got leverage aye 
 idk why ppl dont like to smoke alone.. nothing like the times you get to hit the weed amp reflect.
 i smoke because school and all this work stress me out 
 baby smoke so much dope  need some visine.
 my mom says alcohol and weed are equivalent............ i cant take the ignorance like for real dude you cant think that.
 i smoke so much  cant even open up my eyes  
 i smoke so much you would think im addicted 
 when boys wont pay attention to u  weed sure will lmao
 life goal is to chill amp smoke with @mynameisgriz and play with harley 
 im sorry. but weed is not a drug  so stop acting like it is.
 hey guys so i dont smoke anymore please dont offer me a cigarette bc its tempting
 when i lose some weed im inconsiderate but when i make you food and do little shit for you it dont matter ok
 were tryna buy this guys company and hes using it as leverage for us to smoke weed with him. im getting tired of this.
 mfs pop pills everyday but worried about the next mf smoking weed
 in 2007 more than 775 000 arrests were made for marijuana possession... that was 42.1 of all drug arrests. cocaine  heroin  meth  pills etc
 i smoke a lot   i be chillen. i dont care 
 i never understood people who are soo against smoking weed amp get bothered by the smoke around em.
 someone hit my car at a red light  i lost my weed  and ripped my leggings before work. needless to say im tf irritated
 i smoke cause i like to be mellow and thats when im nonchalant the most
 ogden rappers  rap about getting money  weed and big butt bitches. when they hang with all dudes  and only buy 20 sacks off me.
 shorty ask me why i smoke so much 
 bitch everyone smokes  no one cares you do.
 weed  weed  weed  weed  weed  repeat
 i need a blunt and i dont even smoke
 ashley2  @ smokehouse tavern 
 you know what really really pisses me off when people smoke right next to me. i dont smoke  and i dont want your second hand smoke.
 its 2017 and people are still calling weed dope. stop.
 never get why people smoke cigs and put it on their story 
 @lmhungary nah not all people. this doesnt make sense. i know people who smoke in their houses that dont smell like this.
 i dont understand why ppl smoke. like seriously
 i dont even smoke but i can feel myself getting high.... 
 ion really think these niggas want smoke
 when will the hobohippie weedhead looking style go away ughhhh half shirts  dudes looking like they dont shower.  no
 my paper on why weed isnt a drug is coming out so good
 cant drink like i used to  dont smoke like used to. i remember when i watched american dad now i watch nature documentaries
 @crossroadreds @huddleradio smoked like bacon or like crack burned like rubber or ganj
 i smoke so i dont have to think about how much i really do miss you.....
 exactly why i dont have many friends.  all you guys want to do is drink or smoke. 
 niggaz dont want no real smoke i put that on my mama..
 @xokaylynn once he commented on my snapchat pic and was like you gotta be my girlfriend after this im just like i just want your weed 
 dont know about the food yet but the wicked weed lunatic blond is right on.  
 baby if you dont smoke we can pour a 4
 ion got no smoke with dem 
 gorsuchhearing sen whitehouse u said u smoke crack amp beat your wife neil gorsuch i never said that sw so u do lsd now wednesdaywisdom
 stopmakingexcusesfor why you drink  smoke  shoot  or snort too much
 why you social media acting like you want smoke but dont 
 i dont get how people can still talk down on marijuana lol..
 noname off the drugs noname quit the weed telephone delight love is all i need |  faderfort @ 
 when i dont smoke weed i get more fucked up dreams 
 how can the court systems classify marijuana in the same sections as heroin and lsd  but yet say cocaine and alcohol arent as bad
 idk how yall can spend all your money on weed.
 if i smoke em im be the one who feds take
 and why tf am i going to have a kickback amp smoke up ppl i barely fuck with
 i want to buy bud to smoke but ill just save the money for when im in the land of legal weed tomorrow 
 @ivydarealest it does but it only numbs it  it fucking sucks i wana be happy all the time without having to smoke  drink or pop pills
 dont stress over my baby girl smoke dope 
 i didnt even see weed until i was 18 amp i was like oh no theres drugs at this party 
 if she smokes in the car she dont give a fuck about life.... 
 you buying weed from a nigga that drive a camaro theres a 95 chance you getting finessed
 people only hit me up when they got tree for sale i dont even smoke smh
 let me go get some weed and start studying for this test
 when dudes say smoking weed is unattractive and no man would ever want me 
 i want a bad bitch that dont smoke but she going burn with me.
 when she ask if i smoke weed and i say nah. and she go good i dont like niggas who smoke weed whole time im smoking crack gtgtgtgtgt
 i be looking so high when i dont even smoke 
 dont buy shitty weed 2k17
 ya know what it aint about you niggas outside. id like some colie weed but i dont have no  money honey dont mention it faggoth mothers
 room set up for paiva weed to make announcement about her future as senate president 
 she dont want much just to smoke and fuck
 i roll better pearls any day of the weed even tripping off 2 tabs of acid i still roll better then you 
 if you want to smoke  then smoke. if you want to drink  then drink. if you want to have sex  have sex. just be happy
 yall live for bitches and blunts we live for weed and money 
 im sure players find it annoying they can pop pain pills like tic tacs but cant smoke weed 
 i dont even smoke like that..
 name one rapper who dont smoke bud 
 i roll up on the toilet and smoke a blunt in the shower . i know yall been there right 
 smoke marijuana til i catch a coma  dont like checks unless it got 2 commas
 niggas at work so innovative sellin weed kool aid n shit lmao
 to the people that put weed on their sc story  on behalf of the whole population  stop.
 the night i smoked crack  had a crack dream
 just got plunged at a green house and i dont even smoke.
 i dont to smoke this blunt by myself
 howard said  come to me  all you who are out of weed and gbs  and i will give you a milky one  howard 2312 
 wish i could smoke some really good weed that will knock me the fuck out to my mit
 if you love me  smoke my gbs. howard 1234 
 i really dont care about the pills if you can give me some medical weed ill be perfectly fine
 i wanna smoke an ounce for my bday
 dont ask me if i smoke hookah  ill flip out lol
 im making brownies and my 12 year old sister said please dont put weed in them 
 im goin smoke sooo much today my lung might fall off
 exactly thats what it is smoke too much smoke 
 @bw no. you dont.  it can be used as a weeding out tool.  the only problem is getting past hr to the people who do the hiring.
 @dxniellla no i dont smoke that shit doofus
 goal this summer might be to up my tolerance from reggie to at least some type intermediate weed
 anyone want to smoke some fire alien kush with me  
 just because i have my medical card dont mean im buying you weed
 dont even smoke mhhhhmmm 
 allat allat but ian tryna smoke  
 thanks eaterpdx happyhour @ smokehouse tavern 
 i love when i ask patients if they smoke or chew tabaco  and they respond by saying smoke what  and theyre so happy.  makes my day. 
 how much crack do you have to smoke before you become supper human
 yeah amp smoke about 3 packs of cigarettes a day i dont know how lift weights amp smoking that much cigarettes go to 
 yall can do what you want  but if you are gonna do this shit  you shouldnt smoke. 
 @problemunit @richzeoli @axthebevtax remember the good old days when you could eat  drink and smoke without some lib judging and taxing you
 yall can smoke all you want  but if you are gonna do this shit  you shouldnt be allowed to smoke. 
 i really dont smoke anymore why does no body believe that
 ion sell weed i smoke it
 need to rub some cheeks today smoke a blunt and make another jacket thats all i want damn
 i smoke as many blacks as i do blunts amp thats just waaaaay too much. i need to quit both 
 hate when ppl who dont smoke tell me its easy to quit cuz its all in my head. bit  how tf would you know 
 i want to smoke so bad. rn
 i want to smoke
 swerving these fuck boys like the matrix i can smoke amp chill by my motherfucking self. i have cablenetflixfirestick  toooldforthebullshit
 but yall dont be smokers for real 
 also imagine  i dont smoke much anymore but for having insomnia weed has definitely has helped me sleep better in 
 favorite thing is when someone says  i smoke weed i can tell when someones baked and i say im sober when really im baked as a mf cookie
 when you didnt know your friend smoked  
 i dont smoke woods but i can pearl em  
 my coworker asked me if i wanted to smoke with him after work even though he knows im not into that sorta thing
 i dont really love these hoesss. all i do is smoke sour diesel
 @warrengaubatz guess it looks like shaking to people who dont smoke
 just kuz ion smoke weed dont mean ion fw gang
 is this supposed to make crack seem more appealing than weed even tho crack is extremely dangerous amp addictive 
 it know you dont smoke  so no need to be good. 
 she just want to smoke and fuck. i said  girl thats all that we do
 she dont smoke cigarettes and i dont wear cheap cologne
 she say all you kno how to do is sell weed piss me off
 @xivthearchiver nah man. middle schoolers these days are into weed and yoga and like god knows what else.
 @calidali23 i got northern lights   come smoke
 lemme pop this microdose cannabis mint and broker a peace with every enemy ive ever made
 @tyleriam putting my fingers to my lips before i make a point and i dont even smoke
 mikey im so thirsty our boss youre thirsty because youre always smoking weed
 fuc nigga you dont want no smoke
  i love being fine i get free weed not just a g 
 you live in the u.k. the weed i smoke would kill you lmao 
 got a couple real with me  and my bitch will talk some shit and smoke the kill with me 
 the reason why i dont smoke 
 we followed all the hip people and found a good bar lakeplacid smokesignalsbarbecue @ smoke 
 you know your plug is lit as fuck when they do weed giveaways and you actually get the dank
 want to experience weed a different way old school  marmas @172ndstcannabis amp @221inc 
 smoking that rapper weed
 wiz khalifa we get it you smoke weed
 i dont know what i should eat and i just smoked i need help immediately
 i cleaned the whole house  put a brisket inna smoker and im making pulled pork sandwiches on top of that  im chillin rn
 you know that nigga that be flirting with me at my job . . he walk in an ask me if i want some weed and went home and brought it @trinnoxo
 @carypigman you realize if you make that form of ingestion illegal. i will still ingest cannabis any way i please. you dont have that say
 when megan actually wants to smoke
 @ohitsteddy dont smoke now that youre home. stick to the sober life breh
 if thats how weed make yall feel  yall got it. i ended up driving my car 30 in the 65 on the way home. nah dog 
 ewwww if youre a vegetarian. why do you need to eat things that resemble meat thats like  i dont smoke but i va 
 nathaniel just told me that im too young to smoke weed and was like please dont smoke  i love you and i dont want you to get addicted 
 me he dont smoke 
 me i dont smoke crack mf i sell it dan you are not my girlfriend 
 ion smoke 
 whats  the saying where there is smoke  there is  fire 
 dont know how or why people would ever smoke cigarettes ... disgusting and stupid
 sleep  work  hang out with the girlfriend  smoke. repeat  thats all i do know. i dont have time for stupid shit anymore
 i dont want yo money i want yo weed 
 my astronomy prof kills me. the other day he said im all for weed. dont smoke that shit its bad for your lungs. legalize it n ill eat it
 everyones in the weeds and im over here singing phil colins songs. i dont even care anymore
 so very much smoke.  
 @elaineatwell they will continue to say that its smoke...the willfully blind dont ever see whats right in front of them.
 i just want to sit down in the grass watch the sunset listen to some music and smoke the devils spinach
 i hate when a nigga say match but dont have enough weed to put in the blunt 
 lmao dont hmu to smoke you out
 bruh the cashier at the smoke shop tried to talk me out of smoking  boy if you dont just give me my damn swishers
 then i smoked a blunt and felt much better
 a beautiful girl who doesnt complain and sit back and smokes is what i like 
 mewhy is my skin breaking out so bad no matter what i do meonly drinks redbull  smokes  sleeps 3 hrs per night  only eats fast foodetc
 i smoke yo fav rapper dope 
 we got free smoke you want beef then we hand it out
 i dont always smoke cigars when i travel  but when i do i smoke la mission who am i kidding 
 i dont always smoke cigars when i travel  but when i do i smoke la mission who am i kidding 
 dont know why my grandma hates weed sm
 if i ever start selling weed ima make it my goal to deliver in 30 minutes or less
 im really starting to believe smoking weed does cause you to lose weight. i feel like everyday im looking smaller 
 smokin n drink drinkin n smoke
 lately ppl keep telling me i look high.. i dont even smoke 
 babe picked me up from work with a blunt and smoked pretty much the whole thing. selfish ass.
 @emmaspan they dont let him smoke in the dugout anymore  right
 beat a few bitches ass back in the day dont nobody be wanting smoke now tho   i be sitting pretty  
 i hate seeing bum ass niggas on my snap man sitting around all day smoking weed  that shit cool but get you a hustle go make more of ya self
 u dont even smoke bruv 
 if anybody knows where i can get some weed dm me lol
 the weed make me think better it put me in a vibe  
 the weed mans in cypress never want to answer their stupid ass phones. 
 my mom just tried to tell me that weed is worse than cigs it took all my strength not to go off bye
 well weed really isnt a drug anymore so i cant say that lol
 i know a couple muthafuckas that smoke but no one ever hits me 
 dont get yo monkey ass smoked like backwood nigga
 lls i dont want no smoke 
 im such a genuine ass person who enjoys positivity and smoking weed but for some reason people wont let me be on a straight and narrow.
 i dont smoke  but i need a cigarette... so over being stressed.
 you are a beautiful flower  dont let someone mistake u for a weed
 everybody say i smoke too much   like idk if yall think ima stop cause yall say it or what but the gag is im not idc 
 swear all yall do is smoke up other ppl weed live off yall mother and talk shit do better that shit was never cute 
 so fast to talk about how much loud you smoke but your pockets are always quiet  
 dont plan on ever smoking ganja again but im def gonna try some edibles for eman birthday 
 my cousin dont smoke mary  blacks  nor curse anymore.
 @speakerryan you brag about drinking kegs alcohol kills 100 000year but vote against marijuana kills 0year ... 12
 if you dont smoke cigs why do you buy e cigs i dont get it
 @dylanfraley no dude like i saw someone do it to a weed theyd tweeted that same day. like go fuck yourself
 bro everyone smokes weed .. so can yall stop blowing smoke into your phones while taking pictures 
 lady red smokin dat weed  
 be on the lookout for madd blunt smokers...airmaxday @ philadelphia  pennsylvania 
 you eva been conscious in a coma please dont tell my mama  this aint marijuana diemethyltryptamine
 dont do drugs  smoke weed @snoopdogg
 count up  travel  eat good  and smoke by the zip.
 we drink  we smoke  we think we know each other
 and i dont have any smoke  im dedddd
 everyone that favorite this dont ask to smoke anymore 
 i want to smoke but have no plug
 girls who dont smoke on the regular always gotta let snapchat know they high or smoking like wanna cookie 
 dont understand how a dentist  or any health care professional  can smoke cigarettes and still look patients in the eyes
 when ppl they tell me they only smoke backwoods i always show up wit dutches or swishers  guess im smoked solo 
 someone smoke this g with me 
 why isnt there a rapper named yung weed yet
 tellem smoke...weight room 
 katina dont want this smoke
 i dont smoke  
 lmao yo i really hate people who dont smoke weed  yall be so extra with yall opinions
 who wants to smoke with me 
 but patrick  theres no way spike could have that kind of cardio given how much he smokes i dont care yes  someone said this to me once
 i just want to give jimmy smokes a hug
 didnt even ask a price she suckin dick for weed and rice 
 i want all the smoke
 so nobody trying to hangout cuz i dont drink or smoke  thats coo 
 damnnnn smoke breaks can really make one heck of a difference
 @ricalaz bro does the free smoke beat remind of you summer sixteen or am i trippin 
 in college you meet people who will spend their last on weed amp you meet people whos last thing to buy is weed. which are you 
 future smoked good dope
 i want all the smoke
 my aesthetic is literally just saying the word fuck and wishing i was cool enough to smoke cigarettes.
 i want a @littlecaesars smokehouse pizza
 @sjkuntz21 can i ask you for weed advice 
 which is funny bc the tobacco overload is the reason but i smoke... cigs...
 didnt smoke any cigs today
 me when you say dont do drugs  smoke wax. @powellplaza 
 i think i smoke too much
 @markymark30 lmao you know i dont smoke
 not gone cap the only reason i dont smoke is because i cant afford it  i rather put my money towards nice clothes and more food
  bro its some train wreck i aint gon lie to you  nigga idc ion want no fuckin weed crumbs
 max wells come thru real suave smokin a cone blowin smoke mid laugh from a joke my girl jus whispered shhh
 @420digitalweb @npr the article reads like its on the side of the opponents of cannabis letting us know how they feel. give us tools to win
 it be a bad idea to smoke after i got out of surgery but like i dont even care im in so much pain
 i get so happy when i have weed i start singing shit in different languages i dont even know 
 girls who smoke hella cigs
 oh sorry i couldnt hear you over how straight edge i am   nah i dont drink or smoke   veganposthardcore
 wall in the whitehouse until all russian paid operatives r smoked out incl rudy. we dont accept rubles in the usa. this is mere treason.
 i really want to smoke
 i want you to be the one i smoke with at 3am
 .the term smoke includes cigarettes  electronic smoking devices  marijuana amp crack cocaine. wtf well  its cali 
 .the term smoke includes cigarettes  electronic smoking devices  marijuana amp crack cocaine. wtf well  its cali 
 is your weed even vegan bro
 i rather smoke to bob marley or wiz khalifa in the background
 fuck nigga u dont want no smoke you dont want no cancer
 taxreturns. 1 issue in the world right now  all else is smoke. trumplies
  not dealing with you people on today  imma need a blunt amp i dont even smoke 
 im tired of people saying weed bad for me 
 dont smoke cigarettes
 put a wall around the whitehouse amp smoke the rubles dazed traitors out.  @fbi take advice 
 when i finally start to like smoking  i have to wait cause i have to take a drug test  i just want to smoke a fat blunt
 i really dont smoke drink or have sex. 
 i dont have 2 b married 2 know about marriage  and i dont have 2 smoke crack 2 know that it is addictive.
 in budget2017 taxing marijuana as the market grows and investing it in mental health and addition @hscoffield. @canada2020 cdnpoli
 i dont smoke regular loud i smoke rapper weed
 real life smoke to much 
 i want smoke
 if you dont smoke dont bum cigs off me with no means of replacing them 
 kush bottles to quadruple california cannabis packaging operating space  im learning how to tweer
 kush bottles to quadruple california cannabis packaging operating space  im learning how to tweer
 i dont smoke  cigs 
 im tryna smoke right nowwwww amp what plug is up lol
 spending money  poppin hella bottles makin niggas mad. going places rolling weed i live the life  you wish you had 
 ima start putting lots of shit about weed and dab
 chill  dont trip im just here to collect. your son at school saying i smoke medical everyday and thats on my da 
 chill  dont trip im just here to collect. your son at school saying i only smoke medical everyday and thats on 
 throw the bottle of whiskey under the seat  light a cigarette so he dont smell the weed.
 idu how people even smoke around their kids  you are a sick soul and are putting them at risk
 i hope they dont free smoke just cause this trash
 like if yo mans get booked with a lil weed  a couple pills. yea by all means say free yo mans
 idk why i dont smoke more often.. it truly makes me a completely nice person when im high
 idk why i dont smoke more often.. i really dont.. today i woke up in such an amazing mood
 i dont smoke crack mf i sell it @thechainsmokers
 when your not a smoker anymore 
 im about to buy a pack of smokes for the summer not even to smoke just to light on the golf course to throw on the 
 passing a drug test is the best thing i only failed one and never want to again .. weed can wait
 i dont even wanna learn how to roll cause then ill start buying weed and thats another bill ion need 
 for the heavy smokers why dont yall buy more weed oppose to yall keep buying dubs and eights
 professorwhats a decision yall regret studentsmoking professori regret smoking cigarettes too studentnah im talking about weed son
 body positivity is my new thing. never mind all the weed and munchies i consumed over my week of unemployment  i look good as fuck
 @m3thornton @neemzy lol im just here for the comedy ion want no smoke today
 chief ball wants to know if you checked your batteries in your smoke detectors  he has some that he wants to give delhi residents if needed.
 put the weed in the wood and light that mf 
 im no smoker but some mfs never own a pack. they be everywhere like can i get one
 @hunique23 word up i dont smoke anymore
 you dont want smoke with my gang
 real kush .. we smoke kush yall smoke any weed 
 all everyone want to do is smoke  
 dont give me no hammer weed
 yall dont wanna know smoke with no gorilla. stop it
 bout to loose the few friends i had cause ion smoke anymore smh
 damn ppl really dont fuck with the backwoods thats all i smoke
 who want smoke 
 he dont want that smoke  chill out big fella 
 niggas dropped outta highschool to sell weed amp get robbed 
 i would never smoke witchu lol 
 words of wisdom  dont smoke crack after class  seor malloy
 @peanutbuttercx i dont smoke anymore 
 when i die  i want people to smoke weed and eat
 shorty you dont have money for weed...
 so disappointed that i smoked swishers for as long as i did
 if i didnt spend money on food alcohol  and weed id be so rich
 if i didnt spend money on food  alcohol  and weed  id be so rich
 if you have no expenses but weed  food and travel  dont talk to me about money.
 not something you about to smoke up sis. now youre just a drug feen.
 how much  did smokey owe to big worm
 shot the weed man if the dope dont smoke 
 if yall aint done this shit yall dont smoke enough 
 ps. im a massive fan bro  drop me a line if ever in vancouver. i can show you around and we could smoke one  @ofctimallen
 ion got no smoke with capricorns they just sum whores cancers just cry bout everything 
 the fact i have my uncle on snapchat makes me laugh the guy sees me smoke weed  do drugs and just be a general cunt and he dont say shit 
 i dont smoke or drink amp i dont pop pills  im just high off life
 sum1 bring me some weed. i dont want to leave the house 2day
 in my opinion if youre pregnant and cant stop smoking cigs or weed for 9 months for the sake of ur child u dont deserve one
 grades are good  the alcohol is even better  the weed is loud  so life is good 
 yeah and ion even smoke  
 so my jacket smells like weed and i gave it to my girlfriend  im immune to it and dont smell it
 here at morris where they only fuck with you just to smoke your weed 
 ion smoke reggie bitch ion even smoke nomore  
 hahahaha damn finally got unfollowed by smokepurrp. i made the 500 person cut  not the 25 person one though 
 i use to smoke crack with mike in that building. he did say one day hell live in it legally and smoke crack in it. 
 i dont smoke   but i think i need too .. passed my drug test already   i just wanna get this shit off my mind 
 dont ask me to match  smoke by myself
 she swallowed the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 i cant trust anyone that calls weed pot i cant. like hell nah as soon  as you say that im not talking about drugs with you anymore
 luckiest person today @johnboehner he just took a sip of his drink and a smoke
 this old guy that i work with was talking shit about how people who smoke weed dont like to work and im like 
 i dont smoke but let that process in your head on how she gettin the free weed
 just used my new spray deodorant in my car and it made a puff of smoke so i rolled down my window and now people probably think its cigs
 smh yall really be putting that blunt enhancer in yall weed smh 
 idk what yall talking about paying  i dont pay  i get all my weed for the free faceass 
 @melloclarkusa bro dont be upset cause thats what i do every day while you smoking your dealers ny trash weed 
 was supposed to get 2gs but dude robbed us so now i dont have any weed to smoke to help me feel better 
 gtgtgtposted  if you have tattoos  smoke cigarettes   drink  smoke weed  amp do any kind of illegal drugs no welfare for  you
 too much  weed 
 i stopped talking about weed on here once i realized im a drug addict
 i need a l and i dont even fucking smoke.
 but they all like they got weed   they got liquor   we wont have to spend no money yall know how hoes be
 whos tryna drive around smoke and listen to take care
 i cant smoke with people that dont inhale they weed  like bitch you wasting my shit 
 lmao i told @aysozero not to od on weed
 these oil pens are so good yall  hmu save some money on weed and save your lungs 
 what lucky soul wants to smoke me out today we can also tan tomorrow let me know. 
 nep weed erryday 
 my major is philosophy   so youre going to be a professor and you dont smoke weed dont you have to be s 
 we want all the smoke 
 @lorenvogue15 lol i dont smoke like that
 it bothers me that people can smoke cigs on campus
 pretty girls  ask them do they smoke
 rt with how much you spend a week on weed..
 for people who like to smoke thats their business all im saying is i dont know how ppl tolerate that stank ass smell.
 just smoke a bowl and not care as much
 anyone who knows kendall knows he doesnt smoke  bro its so funny when i try and teach him how to inhale lmao
 happy to have found a table with an outlet at smokey row. need to focus focus focus  
 man i then seen crack weed heroin coke man
 they didnt want no smoke  
 nigga said no i dont smoke crack 
 now they bout to make up reasons why the herb is bad but they the ones supplying this sus marijuana. the govt is p 
 i see you follow weed tweets  damn i didnt know you had such chill vibes bro
 you dont eat pork but smoke cigarettes 
 ion sell weed cuzz
 i dont even know you and i wanna smoke you for this smh  
 whos trynna smoke one i dont wanna smoke by myself lmao im offering free drugs rn if yall dont hmu yall sus.
 yall still dont know how to smoke 
 niggas always tryna buy iphones  weed and shoes off people
 i want my purses back  my shoes when you leave. bitches say im petty  hoe i even want the weed
 i know you smoke. i can tell  its all in your eyes
 to the beat yall  til the mf champagne and weed is gone
 @brianmctaggart what has rick sutcliffe had to smoke on
 i still smoke but not everyday because i dont need it that much
  smoked strawberry shortcake martini is our newest features dessert martini  even better  
 rap music in general makes a me want to beat my hoes and smoke meth 
 ion smoke swishers nomo so you kno im rollin gas by myself
 i spend money  smoke weed  and mind my business.
 lmao co offers more than just weed. still  edibles  the colorado topchef challenge. @tomcolicchio  something to 
 i change my mind man  im not buying that ounce of weed  im going to take a break
 i hate when people say weed isnt addictive. anything can be habit forming to the mind. dont belive the uneducated facts the media potreys.
 @kvue @whitehouse @harvard @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @nbcnightlynews @cnn @cnbc cop and dea help them they smoke meth astoria oregon
 most of the day i smell like cigarettes amp ion even smoke warehouselife
 rapper weedgt
 he said he spent 30 000 on his daughters wedding . now shes about to spend another 30 000 on his other daughters weeding. wat
 i want all the smoke   im with all the smoke
 i want to get out of the house  but i dont want to drink or smoke... seems like unless those are involved no one hangs out.. 
 always entertained that people ask for my knowledgeable opinion on drugs based on looks. you could hand me weed amp i 
 they say i smoke too much drugs too cause i love to ..but i say fuck you aye earl str8 up to they faaaaccccceeeeeee
 yall internet rappers be tryin so damn hard to be official savages but aint ever smoke shit in yo life wit yo soft ass
 pop open another bottle. keep the smoke rolling.
 lmao. i dont even smoke but i love this song. @commonkings 
 boy you dont want no smoke
 i regret not doing badminton in freshmen year im a fat ass nigga with smoker lungs
 that smokehouse bbq pizza from @littlecaesars looks so fn good i may try to impregnate it just so i can have two
 so everyone i work with smokes and my boss just played an early april fools joke  put up a sign saying  tobacco test all who fail  fired
 new orleans weed men so poo. be taxing for that wack ass piff. not even gas
 swear basketball refs jus smoke crack before their game
 @kvue @whitehouse @harvard @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @nbcnightlynews @cnn @cnbc @kremlinrussiae cop ratted out weed grower i knew
 you dont want no smoke
 i think my weed be laced with crack
 i dont smoke or drink btw
 lol  but im in humboldt i can talk about it  our weeds better. 
 why are people always judging me based on the fact that i smoke like nigga im not doing crack stfu and hop off
 @slickstweetz @stevenwhirsch99  thats their smoke screen narrativethey have lied so much they dont kno the truth if it hit em in the face
 crackheads smoke crack. pill poppers pop pills. yall agree 
 i dont want no smoke. with nobody. this summer. and trust me. yall dont want it with me either. 
 she didnt say weed  
 put the smoke to a lame  pop his top  spill his brains
 if i tell you i love you it aint the liquor or weed thats how a nigga really feel
 @kvue @whitehouse @harvard @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @nbcnightlynews @cnn @cnbc @kremlinrussiae the fbi server heroin weed meth
 im different from most niggas that smoke   when i get high it makes me wanna be productive not just sit on my ass
 damn why all these bitches want smoke wit imani
 the regular that loves me and always tips more when im on window probably doesnt know i buy weed with that money lol.
 i have a drug test on monday. ion even smoke amp im nervous lmfaooo
 i want to try weed again
 @meridenfirewire doesnt the car know its a bad habit to smoke
 all i want is more money   so i can buy more weed lmao
 i dont even kno weed language  dont people say bud 
 niggas be selling weed  in their mama house not paying one bill. then become rappers and think im suppose to respect them. nah
 give me weed money
 baby ceo really showing yall a message. weed isnt harmful. nigga been smoking since the age of 4 and still blowing strong. legalizeit
 he doesnt even smoke weed
 we can join the military and risk our life at 18  but god forbid we smoke. i dont smoke or chew its just dumb 
 put a sig on you i aint talking bout no cigarette dont smoke no square on camera but i might smoke me a square on camera
 this guy on the phone talking to me about weed and he got the same birthday as me  scorpios man 
 cyber smoke seshs with friends from your hometown is the way to stay connected lol
 putin putting niggas in the ground. anybody that would even be suspected of leaking info getting smoked
 i dont smoke 
 who wants to smoke
 i just want to smoke one with my nigga
 this man call himself selling weed brownies but its really fudge covered weed man 
 anybody tryin to dd for me tonight will smoke u up
 i like how future says free smoke like free shmoke
 when i say drugs i dont mean weed. no one has been hurt from using weed.
 id marry wiz hes so fun and we can just smoke all day and crack jokes and listen to music
 most days i just smoke and make music  all by myself..then there are days with random girls and drugs lol
 i want to smoke 
 we dont gotta fawk you can talk while we smoke i love to listen
 and on me if anyone want this shit mention me text me and all im with all the smoke
 you dont smoke loud  be quiet
 you dont want no smoke you dont no cancer 
 got the nerve to ask mont why i smoke so much n how im such a young nigga that seem to know so much
 6. what makes you want to smoke a cigarette
 if youre pregnant amp you still drink amp smoke weed  you dont deserve that kid.
 my body is temple. all the shit they put in meat hormonespesticides blah blah i dont drink i dont smoke im vegan.. all day like chorus
 who wants to smoke me out  
 if single men wont pay for maternity coverage where does slippery slope end i never smoked. should i pay for others lung cancer coverage
 girls that smoke cigs 
 said  americans dont understand bill. blow smoke uo someone else ass collins. 
 holy smokes. goals 
 i dont smoke 
 its sad that if you arent a hood guy  dont party  or dont smoke  girls dont notice you...
 i just want to smoke 
 i do not be getting g high off reggy ... when i do smoke it 
 dont worry drake got that free smoke for him... 
 people on social media always got some shit to say when you post a pic of some weed like was you smoking it  no 
 big sean dont want no smoke with kdot
 all the money in the world to buy weed and beer but ya cant pay me back
 dudes always hmu saying do you smoke l4l amp when i tell them i dont smoke  they try to make a fake conversation up 
 who said kendricks best bar was i dont smoke crack mothafucka i sell it 
 muhfuckas dont want no smoke with kendrick man lol sheesh
 whats the weirdest thing yall have smoked out of 
 i sound like i got smokers cough  i dont even do drugs smh
 my mom saw that aaron smokes  she looked at me and said tell him no more us  i want a divorce wtf 
 crack dont smoke itself 
 line cooks be like oh fuck dude im so behind. i dont think im getting out on time. i should probably take a 30 minute smoke break.
 if you dont think i will drive to boise for the sole purpose of playing a bootleg smokey amp the bandit game  you dont know me.
 i just want you  smoke w me baby
 kendrick coming for big sean his annoying voice having ass dont want no smoke
 why smoke weed when you can get hemp seed moisturizer all naturel all naturel bro 
 bouta find some smoke and smoke like 4 blunts and pop some trans fuck it son
 kendrick dont want that freee smoke with drake 
 who like boys that dont smoke or drink i know the number of yall is small on my tl
 i dont smoke cigs but i think i have emphysema
 so im mad as fuck and i want to smoke 
 i dont mind bears trying diff vets. i dont want jake locker  ponder  weeden draft this year. cant draft desperate. patience
 nah no one wants that smoke  
 i lowkey didnt experience that until i moved to atlanta. so if ppl tell you this where the weed at....dont believe the hype. 
 i feel like im gona be bored a lot more often since i dont smoke anymore. gayyyyyy
 about to go take a shot of something cause this bitch blowing my high and i dont even smoke 
 @jeremyrapper heres some advice dont stop smoking weed 
 i have too many people on my snap that smoke weed or kill for fun  dont fuck with me 
 smoking rapper weed
 we used to netflix and roll i used to pass her the smoke she used to laugh at my jokes you pat my back when i choke
 and for some reason  instead of getting the hint. he still ran with the rant..  i dont drink i dont smoke i dont do drugs  nothing..
 i wonder who really thinks i can do it like really follow my dreams not just blowing smoke up my ass
 does it make girls less attractive if they smoke weeddo other drugs
 but otc i gotta smoke before i sleep anyways because thats my sleep medicine
 like dude  you dont have to pretend to be a holy man of god anymore. you can just be a weed dealer.
 @heeeyitsaubrey they dont wanna hear that lol as soon as you speak money they no longer interested. thats how you weed out quality.
 im a fucking fat ass when im hi lmfao my mind is always on food   before i even smoke i already know where ima go eat lmfao
 ion smoke crack motherfucker i sell it
 today i contemplated whether i want to stay in the marijuana industry or if i want to go into environment sciences...
 @sarahpalinusa isnt going to change me so dont ask me to smoke....
 if i know you bring reggie to the smoke session  dont ask me to smoke wit u. issa no from me sis 
 well i smoke weed again   and pop bars   and go to school   i also pay for my books   and im passing 
 why dont smokers understand that not everyone wants to hang out in their badass smoke cloud.
 chill out  kendrick dont want no smoke with drake lmao..
 finna pop a few. smoke a few. drink a few.
 @kvue @whitehouse @harvard @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @nbcnightlynews @cnn @cnbc @kremlinrussiae they work at smoke shop
 i dont pay for weed  ass hoes 
 augh a couple friends i connected have a dispute over weed weight and i am trying to mediate. 
 body made of drugs  might as well just smoke me
 yall gotta stop man..... drake dont want no smoke with 
 how the fuck do i smoke as much as i do and never have a lighter available
 thats the beef i been waiting for  but kendrick really dont want no smoke.
 underwater love by smoke city is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 who knows what the 2 main type of weed are
 if you dont eat before you smoke youre special ed
 my girl dont even smoke so facing blunts together issa no ive accepted it
 debating if this smoke out is really worth getting out of bed...
 drink this energy drink idky at 222am smoke my dope and call it a night
 nobody dont want no smoke man  
 i only smoke people up if they smoke me up... i only buy food for people who buy me food. lmao isnt that how its suppose to go
 dont ever ask me for relationship advice because ill probably just tell you to move on  focus on yourself  and smoke a blunt lmao
 i want a girl friend  one who smokes as much as me and can actually hangout 
 yall buying weed amp we buying houses 
 if you focus hard enough on the smoke from my cigarette..... i think i see heaven
 i honestly dont care for drinking that much i just wanna sleep after tbh... but when i smoke idk why i have so much energy
 @hahabirdpumpkin too much government in our lives.  i dont smoke  but i think a smoker should be allowed to in his own car  even with kids.
 @gencyclopediax yeah but its like if i cant smoke loud i dont even wanna smoke  lmao
 people dont believe me i dont be sleepy its just the weed... 
 @germjeezus you that nigga brodie. next time you come to nola lets put a ounce in a cone and smoke it
 im taking all weed donations only for my bday  if i cant smoke it iion want it 
 i dont smoke but im coughing like my lungs expired...
 @piecrust33 ...hard to tell what else.  i dont smoke  but i burn incense.  is that bad for me closed up in a room with it  i mean  you...
 i cant have nobody on my snapchat doing any type of drug unless its weed.
 dont gimme no bammer weed  we dont smoke that shit in the sfc
 let me smoke cause 
 every pass gas then hurry amp try to light the weed so nobody smell it  
 this is why i dont smoke
 i used to roll joints so tight you couldnt even smoke em  my grandma lolololol
 dont make me smoke up all ur kush dont make me pop ur cheap ass pills i used to do this for the thrill
 money makes the world  go around want to think out of box grow hemp for sustainable life 
 just want to smoke weed and buy shoes
 amp lol when people try to say they dont smoke but you get snapchats of them smoking a blunt 
 the only reason marijuana should be legalized for recreational use is to focus the war on drugs to actual harmful substances  like heroin.
 how do people smoke cigs with their windows up man.
 free smoke raw tho.. but it kinda put me in the mind of summer 16 for some reason..
 i smoke more dope than yo baby daddy sell 
 science...ppl also dont drink and smoke cigarettes at halftime either.  we know more so we worker smarter 
 @limi7ededition was finna say ion want no smoke just had to acknowledge how good u look
 a girl to smoke fuck and make our goals together.
 dont even smoke but i need a b or 3
 lets smoke a blunt and talk about how to save the mf bees 
 she dont want no smoke fam  
 all yall niggas do is go smoke and cap like yall be getting money. lol 
 @mrturnup409 lol bro lastnight we smoked an nigga in my dream 
 i dont smoke weed or drink
 how can anybody from rabun county ga ever talk shit. yall still smoke on mids and yall be makin knock off dabs in granny kitchen.
 i love smoking weed bro
 mfs just smoke just to smoke
 mfs really dnt know how 2 smoke
 i think the weed getting to me my momma said i hope not she said thats a gate way drug well why the hell they left it unlocked
 i be tweaking. and i dont even smoke or drink  my decisions be all over the place 
 this one of the reasons i smoke weed they just stressed me even more now
 music  money  and weed. thats all i really need
 teacher youre 18 now go buy some cigs and smoke down
 im an adult i will smoke and take what ever drug i want 
 i know we all have our habits and vices  but think how much money you could save if you werent a weed head
 all my money up in smoke uggggg 
 people be like you dont smoke yet like they just know for a fact imma start
 yall better smoke a blunt and solve your problems  people acting petty for noooo reason
 and dont get me started on marijuana being illegal but opiates are handed out like tylenol for a fraction of the cost of lifesaving meds
 i need to quiet smoking yall weed men so asss man 
 because to know me  is to smoke with me
 its so funny to me how people used to be like oh you smoke so much  this amp that but all they do i smoke now like bye  bitch
 i like to smoke weed and have dope ass conversations 
 one of the biggest decisions i make daily is whether i want to smoke a blizz or a spliff after i eat 
 u want to know funny thing i smoked cigarettes with my ex amp drugs  but i dont have the craving 4 it i can live wo it no problem
 sometimey ass weed mans gotta be selling dope for a temp agency 
 he want some smoke i leave em vaporized
 the weed make me think better it put   me in a vibe
 straight weed   no drank no pills
 mf be on pills   drank   weed   amp drinking liquor  what yall trying to feel  a heart attack
 aint nothing wrong with taking the drug of your choice thats you   im just not about to be on all them drugs weed get me high enough
 so much weed
 we really dont need to talk lets smoke an l and let our bodies do the talking
 people really get surprised when i tell them i dont smoke... i have nothing against it i will from time to time but it aint my thing.
 i dont think im expensive to date. i just like food  weed and time frfr.
 man yall dont smoke dro i want that pressure
 man  fuck depression. i said fuck depression. after that started finessin  smoke and drink to keep the stress away.
 man  fuck depression. i said fuck depression. after that started finessin  smoke and drink to keep the stress away.
 me too  i smoke crack now 
 me and miranda been up for 3 hours trynna smoke and we are just now finding a plug
 she sip the bottle  while i sit back and smoke gelato 
 about to smoke so much weed
 i red up.. on my reefer.. xannys  got me sleepy.. leaner by the liter
 we smoked so much weed yesterday i literally dont even want to see a swisher package for a couple days.
 i love being around people who dont smoke and drink
 people like that  dont add to your growth you gotta cut them like weeds. snip snip bitch 
 what type of drugs do yall be on   cause it cant be just weed
 what does how long i abstain from smoking have to do with what are we supposed to do if you dont smoke or drink 
 i just want some weed man 
 if you gon smoke at least look like you dont smoke. shit aint cute. keep yourself up.
 bitch all the blunts on my shit is my weed dont get shit twisted
 wow bro you totally smoke weed and shit damn yo
 my favorite person to smoke with is my sister hands downnnnn
 me and my niggas smoke rapper weed
 once you fein for weed you gone pop pills fasho
 @potus you do realize we dont smoke crack right
 i smoke to cope with my depression for several hours so i dont have to stress or feel anything
 talm bout this the shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin weather yall irritating
 if theres one lesson i learned  dont smoke  you never know how bad something affects your 
 as shes going on with everything i need to know about my procedure she ask if i smoke 
 drinkin water  smokin weed.
 but i do know weed dealers in boston who rapper better than medium sean.
 i said match  he came over with no weed  so i smoked my shit amp he watched  i dont gas no nigga up  tf 
 amp for you who all think all i do is smoke... thats true too but im active amp productive worry bout ya self.
 some guy tried to confront me bout smoking what the fuck. i dont smoke.
 if you know me you know i always got the snacks lmao. chips  cookies  candy... i smoke too much to not be prepared
 i would kill for a blunt with cali weed rn like i dont even like blunts but im having withdrawals
 most ppl dont see the expense of weed theyre just blinded by the high  good shit  
 i dont even want to smoke the rest of this shit
 so my moma still dont know necessarily know i smoke but she keep asking me lmao like 
 the only thing i smoke is the competition xxx  sxe  hxc  x
 i hate people who be looking for some kill but wanna pay 10 for a gram. dont fuck with shit you dont know about  good weed is 15 or up
 the only thing i smoke is the competition  xxx  sxe  hxc  x
 @youngnino215 never heard somebody consider weed a drug  i been cam to the conclusion its a gateway drug
 sorry you smoke crack  i didnt know..good luck with that also smoking will kill you.. 
 gateway smells like ass  burnt weave  armpits amp weed 
 testing smoke machine for iptyke final day with apologies to rink staff. 
 @darkshadowzer0 which i dont understand. they listen to seem  but see cigs will kill you. fuck it  lets smoke... smh
 the best way to smoke cigs 
 @alexmallin @gaypatriot @abc he was seen at the 711 buying smokes just before that. no word on why he was there.
 dont even smoke tho  
 @mmedenver gop wants to cut opioid addiction treatment in health care bill but wants to keep marijuana schedule 1. 
 i really dont mind smoking dolo  i love all the smoke 
 i do not care what anybody says  king kendrick is the best rapper in the 2010s. he smokes all completion  
 the next person to say  u posted to much on snap  why do posted everytime u smoke  amp shit. ima block you  dont watch it if u dont like it.
 i dont smoke 
 ...i didnt need to make sure u had as much weed as u could want...and klonopin...and counseling....
 the government are taking these black girls. but dont mind me. just say i smoke too much weed. smh
 bro im just tryna smoke before work but my plug went mia like wtfffffff
 if you cant afford to smoke dont fucking smoke 
 smoking weed doesnt help anymore
 she dont even smoke but she swear i got that dope dick
 one of the kids i babysit just said that doing weed makes you hallucinate  oh boy do i wish i could educate him
 my homies fake amp weird yall niggas dont wanna kick it with me no more cause i dont smoke now   bum nigga shit
 broke niggas always want a smoke out
 nigga sent a fake address  he really dont want smoke. i dont blame him though
 my hobbies include drinkin  smokin weed  and all kinds of ill shit 
 lol niggas be tryna smoke out they sack then taxed other ppl
 do you really want smoke with   
 yo i kill myself i smoke waaaaay to much
 green crack is definitely the worst name for weed ever
 lets make plans and smoke
 if you want smoke let ah nigga know some
 bro look @ that bs ass weed that shit look synthetic 
 just  want a girl who smokes as much as me and will be a lowkey alcoholic with me  until the end of time
 @leavemedfalone3 happy bday folk hope u been good  smoke one for me
 if i had pro athlete  i would be having so much fun i wouldnt even think about smoking weed .
 imagining paul ryan being haunted by the ghost of ayn rand  complete with cloud of noxious cigarette smoke  is my happy place right now.
 giving out free smoke to anybody at yale that want it april 1st  goyardszn
 nah i cant egg lia on to smoke shes too dope for that life
 smoke smoke smoke drink drink drink bitch im getting money give a damn what u think.
 baby i dont smoke 
 i dont think im ever going to stop smoking weed 
 i really dont like it when people smoke because thier depressed like go see someone about it not do drugs lmao
 congrats you smoke weed like 90 of the population  stop putting it on your damn snapchat story. 
 4th time today somebody ask me do i sell weed no 
 idk why anyone wouldnt want to hangout with me   like ill smoke you out ill buy you food . just spend some time w me 
 the weather too damn nice for me to not be outside smoking weed... too bad ion got no weed and im not supposed to be smoking 
 rolling up the weed while i count the cake
 i dont be wanting to smoke with these niggas bruh 
 is weed still counted as drugs in a drug test
 you know someone smokes when they say they took a hit from their inhaler
 why do ppl freak out over weed thats purple lol it makes no difference
 its crazy how some ppl dont have a job ... and just smoke all day
 great. i dont have any weed on my birthday 
 my favorite thing is when old people try to compare weed to heroin like i hope yall stretched before that reach lmao
 @thebaxterbean add weed to rx drugs covered by part d. thanks bush 
 yall really dont understand how much better i feel now that ive ate and smoked 
 its depressing to see young people smoke. one day most will regret ever starting something so dumb. i know.  yes smoking is dumb
 we want all the smoke
 i dont even wanna smoke anymore
 im really actually catching a cold smoking all these cigs. thank god i wont have time to smoke cigs this weekend
 yall even made weed an addicting drug cuz yall dont know how to manage ya high. yall getting too high. 
 ok but maam  its not the smoke thats gon kill me its the lysol lemon scent you spraying to cover up the smoke thats making me choke
 you ever seen a bum askin for money to go buy weed  nope. just alcohol.. or a bus ride which means alcohol lol why america  why  
 yall have lost your fucking minds bro. yall smoke too much. frfr. yall do too much in general. yall cant hang. retire.
 @jaeyr5 haha  i dont know about smoking weed  we had enough of that  maybe not trading up that high  but at least back into the 2nd round
 everybody smokes for different reasons lol   i smoke because that shit eases my mind amp puts me in another world 
 idk how yall smoke cigarettes bro. elementary school talked about it enough for me to say no but ill say yes mf maam to mary jane
 yall really be want smoke with the big girls ion want that beef fam
 there isnt a rapper alive that can go heads up with kendrick lamar duckworth. i dont care who it is. if big sean wants smoke  his funeral
 i dont smoke weed anymore so dont hmu about it.
 we want all the smoke
 how you gonna tell me weed isnt addictive and thats some people only passion in life
 anybody else know a bunch of suburban moms that are against legalizing marijuana but have enough painkillers to kill a rhino
 yall btches drinking liquor and smokin weed while you pregnant 
 i smoke cigarettes when im drunk. im sorry
 there is a way to pass the new health care law  and pay for.  legalize marijuana  federal tax it  and use money on health care expenses.
 too much lean and weed causes seizures gotdat
 ill never understand people who consider weed to be a dangerous drug
 love the dipas  drinking an easter basket by @championbeer @ hittmanns bar amp smokehouse   
 alyssa really found a whole blunt in the couch  we really smoke too much
 i dont smoke but i like the smell of weed off of niggas 
 ah nah  gotta tell her get out...i dont even smoke no more and i know better 
 this prius is gonna fly some purple dope ass smoke lalife commercial purplehaze prius 
 i dont drink i dont smoke i just suck dick
 nah i dont smoke  has one drink lets go chain smoke three packs of camel crushes
 sometimes i really miss smokin weed 
 my stress and anxiety smoked all my fuckin cigs.
 you amp me we on neptune prolly smokin weed
 thats a hunnid dollas smokey  dont play wit my money 
 just found a full pack of 27s in my purse... i dont smoke cigarettes lmao
 really ready for a down ass girl  who i can party with  chill with  smoke with  talk with and can make me laugh.
 i love the smell of weed too much lol
 jus got off werk who wants 2 smoke
 i dont like matching ppl that smoke woods cause they be judging me
 if your weed dont make me chock then i dont wont to smoke.
 you dont even buy your own weed 
 if ur weed dont make me chock then i dont want to smoke
  this dope weather in good weed got me vibing like mood dope out here first time checking these parts
 yall always want smoke behind these niggas  go get you some money bitch 
 i can sit amp smell weed all day.  but a cigarette shit gives me an instant headache. 
 gonna smoke all the weed i want this weekend   drink all the liquor i want . cuss monday im done for a while  
 pass me my fuking weed i bought i hit it as many times as i want. thats why they call me chiefer.
 dont smoke grass  eat ass
 they dont want no smoke they  dont want no issue
 nights dont want no smoke 
 marijuana intoxication is real amp a few of the symptoms are euphoria relaxation increased appetite  dont do weed. youll feel too good
 dont be fooled. this is smoked mozzarella dressed up like a tomato  just one of 5 courses 
 drake dont want no smoke  
 bruh my stays finding tree amp shit in my car but i dont even smoke anymore 
  theres no way you dont smoke  
 bruh my mom stays finding tree amp shit in my car but i dont even smoke anymore 
 i know u smokin.... but its not good weed
 its so unattractive when ppl just smoke or drink every night with no goals in life 
 everyone is drinking and all i want to do is smoke a blunt 
 1 weed is a gateway drug.
 my dad dont smoke cigarettes joe. asks if i want one an hour later
 we want all the smoke
 me i mean what kinda baby doesnt even sell weed him goddamn right.
 i really slept on that dont smoke rock album. sheesh..
 how about it  @jimlangevin  weve reached out to you numerous times. are you saying you dont care for adult smoke 
 we are in colorado and my 8 year old brother just said i wanna try to smoke weed while we are here we are all shook
 lmfaoooo.. this dude was tryna chill and spark me up at 3am. i dont even smoke. like come on son  
 damn mfs make plans with your weed
 @ashhlaaaay smoke some bud put the cigs down
 dont you think its fucked up that marijuana is being legalized all over the us but ranch is still a schedule one drug in all 50 states
 i feel sorry for the weed people.
 i dont care if you smoke cigarettes just dont throw all those buds on the ground
 i want a real girl that doesnt want weed or money and just to be there for you no matter what.
 just called my mom on the phone to ask where my weed is 
 bro smoked it 
 just for anyone who doesnt know wtf drake is talking about when he says blem it means high off marijuana lol
 who dont smoke
 @breezythebutt @stevensuptic @breeessrig i am allergic to weed and i dont have an issue with people smoking it. just not near me please p
 @taylorswift13 have peace  but the crazes are out there  the weed makes you more crazy when you dont smoke it  i want to be normal again .
 dont mind my smoke  its just one of my vices.
 @yeahthatsjosh weed is more an herb than a drug. plenty people steal other types of medicine and illegally sell it. codeine and stuff. its
 i dont like when the person who is selling me weed asks me how long the amount of weed im purchasing lasts me
 here we go with the race thing  just watch tv they know what they r doing it. the african american swolen the weed 
 normally do a live chat but no one wants to talk or speak what did i do anyways been a wild night drunks weed warrants livepd
 we want all the smoke
 bitches want smoke we cancer 
 does saying i have weed and booze still work on bitches maybe im just old.. or self sufficient  stillthinkinaboutit sopretty 
 @caprisunthegod he dont want smoke
 @isaacshauntedb s podcast is like getting high on good weed and passing a drug test the next day...
 dont front mfs weed because you wont get youre money
 if you only smoke hookah i dont trust you forreal lol
 i just want to smoke and get rubbed on
 @papaaaac @kennyknox they dont want no smoke 
 i dont want to smoke alone
 dont b that nigga that always want to get high aint got no weed or money 
 my aunt gave me weed pretzels i aint even kno they make those
 im glad that justin doesnt smoke anymore hopefully never again
 smoke dope make some plays move around an smoke dope
 i dont even entertain these hungry niggas.. i wont even smoke a roll with these niggas
 its crazy how weed takes so much weight off of u. i didnt notice it back then tho.
 smoke all my reefer                                 disappear
 you know im tired when i dont even wanna smoke
 if theres a heaven  it should absolutely involve being able to smoke as much as you want without consequences for health or hygiene.
 ion even go out  but if ya tryna smoke then lmk lmfaoo 
 trying to talk mom into buying weed 
 @dariellahdz happy birthday lil smoke dawg i luhhh you
 dont try and act like u didnt know what dis was smokeyyyyyyyyyy 
 amp i dont even smoke
 today i hit the shittiest weed ever i got a headache 
 what you gon do when kendrick come for you drake talking about free smoke but he dont want it with the king tho
 who wants to smoke
 oregon says beer many people dont know this but you can totally put your weed in there 
 thank you drow. i am the only girl and all the guys say you cant call a guy a smoke show. i disagree 
 if the plug dont cap   gone smoke one then k.o.
 i want to smoke all of the weed in the world
 ion sell weed  i sell blow boy
 think its safe to say that ion smoke no mo but im back drinkin like a fish
 i brought my straight edge brother to kick it at the block and he dropped to pick up weed lol he dont even smoke
 really just want to smoke
 you dont smoke  
 bitches always screaming they only fuck wit backwoods but dont got enough weed to fill one 
 nah nvm lol bout to smoke and drink
 theres always a slight confusion when i ask @cnboodro if she wants to smoke.   smoke what lolllll
 wisconsin just smoked my 5 whos 
 new plug on the smoke im selling dope in houston texas
 @roccocorb have fun dont smoke too much ganja
 theres always these two girls sitting here smoking weed when im patrolling. faithfully. amp i dont say shit to em lol
 my dad just told me  dont smoke pot tonight youll be getting drug tested for that job i dont even smoke...
 why does smokepurpp running make me laugh 
 i rather be your n i g g a  so we can drunk and some weed all day 
 i smoke the edgiest cigarettes idc dont at me 
 @kekepalmer dont judge because i smoke. congratulate me and give praises i learned how to roll this with my 1 arm p 
 ion know where yall do that shit at   but i dont smoke with everybody i dont trust yall   have me acting like a crackhead
 @realdonaldtrump i drink to much when i drink i smoke too many cigarettes but im not crazy or on drugs like bad people
 when a nigga dont text me back but i stole his weed the night before 
 i smoke so much dat i dont even get high no mo
 i want to smoke but nothing to smoke out of 
 your wcw smokes cigarettes but tries to tell you not to eat fast food. lmaooooo
 anybody who kills my high owes me weed. 
 last call who wants to smoke
 yall kill me with the backwoods   nigga just smoke 
 kinda want to drink   kinda want to clean  kinda want to smoke hookah  kinda want to do my make up also a little tired still 
 i got 3 more to smoke and dont even feel like it what is going on
 i smell like terrible weed bro who tf yall buying from
 yall weed be smelling like straight poo who ever yall buying from heshe gotta be fired asap
 oh no no no baby smoke so much dont need no visine.
 my weed is so purple. i never used to care  but fuck you  i get good weed. 
 roll so much damn weed up wit my feet up we dont come in last
 lol i smoke 3 blunts and my high be completely gone in 20 minutes  im convinced thats my bodys way of saying im ready for crack
 i dont even smoke lmaoo 
 i rather be ya n i g g a so we can get drunk amp smoke weed all day
 lmao why am i up @ 3 watching weed documentaries smoking
 ive grown as a person. i dont even think about smoking. i just watched my bros smoke right in front of me and i aint even feel tempted 
 at this point ion care if you smoke or drink. like i wanna be w someone who is loyal  committed  and freaky. so if r are those..hmu
 yall drink and smoke every night blah blah blah more shit talking im sorry i dont have a healthier coping mechanism
 ion even smoke and im find backs in my car this iphone 7 camera nice tho 
 niggas say they smoke  but only asking for a g.
 the government does shit backwards. legalize marijuana  federal tax it  pay for better health care bill. money problem for bill solved.
 once awhile smoke cigs knowing they bad for my lungs
 i dont smoke  but i hate people that are always high but never buy no weed. funny how that even works.
 i dont smoke but this this surprisingly true 
 hardest thing about being female and a pothead is your plugs always end up trying to get with you. like bro im just trynna smoke
 bailiff slake i wanted to smoke that blunt man. highcourt
 nigga dont want no smoke lmao 
 in new york  dealing drugs is a sport  yu either sell it  smoke it  shoot up  or snort  either way your caught...
 i smoke in style  you wouldnt know a thing about that 
 dont smoke cigs around me... ill literally walk away 
 we smoke rapper weed  we on s 
 smoking weed makes me a bad person apparently
 @nevergetsnone79 @abc nah  hes really a weed man. not coke
 @betru2thagame @joethomas73 @kaepernick7 you smoke crack dont you boy dont you they never send any pressure at his bitch ass cause his
 i think its cute n its not even that much weed to consider a waste 
 i dont understand those people who are so quick to judge you and switch up on you just because they found out u smoke. lol fuck off
 people look for an issue where there isnt one but i promise you they dont want no smoke  
 big sean dont want that smoke w kendrick
 this girl said there shld be no reason why ur fat if u have no kids... if i smoked as much crack as u do  id be skinny too
 you dont understand how insane we are all goin during smoke dawg at ever after 
 i dont know how people smoke because just the smell of cigarette smoke gives me a killer head ache 
 acrid bin smoke does not show up on drug test people  
 fuck i just spent so much money online shopping i need to smoke a blunt so i can forget about it 
 they dont wanna see you win they dont want you to smoke gas they dont want you to shine fuck em
 green crack is the worst name for weed iv ever heard  like nobody wants to smoke crack
 @strika8 happy birthday smoke live it up my boy 
 ppl talk shit about smokin weed till they get to college lol
 i know so many ppl who would talk shit cause i smoked in high school and ended up smokin anyway 
 when u ask the weed man what he got and all he say is gas 
 lmao niggas smoke 2 blunts n be in a kush coma 
 no surprise there fucking faggot ya smoke crack dont ya dont ya 
 fuck drugs.... smoke weed
 i would smoke all yall boys if yall dont help look for my people tf 
 its today dont miss  you can smoke and drink but bring your own shit 
 when i walk by people all i hear is weed talk lmao all the potheads are in oceandrive
 glad too say i dont drink regularly like everyone nor smoke  im a good little girl lmao
 its weird.i dont smoke but girls that smoke weed love me. 90 of my exs are potheads.maybe they  me because they dont have to share. 
 bet yall didnt know i dont smoke
 i dont want a girlfriend but a girl who tryna smoke and fuck sounds clutch
 i dont smoke crack  motherfucka i sell it 
 i dont smoke heavy like i use too 
 @aistayqaznafsa @anwargsl naw man thats even worse. just smoke joints. 
 holy smokes. the stupidity. 
 i dont even smoke weed but that would piss me off 
 dont let the smoke and mirrors confuse you.
  smoking weed with you  as you tell me to 
 hit the weed i told myself last time would be my last i dont trust my own niggas now my mind racing fast
 cigarette smokers dont care about themselves . like that really pissed me off 
 yall lame everyone smokes wax now no one wants 2 smoke dope
 niggas really smoke too much son and thats on god why
 i dont smoke that much rolls 10 blunts 
 my guy back home and i smoked em out  
  not much ppl love weed as much as i do... femalesmokers weedislife shemusthaveherown 
 it must be a requirement to smoke cigs and be a cook lmao
 or maybe he had a bad golf game and covered that with smoke and mirrors. 
 i need some weed g . 
 @mikeyg1434 thanks bro we needa catch up n smoke soon
 @kvue @whitehouse @harvard @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @nbcnightlynews @cnn @putinrfeng weed years ago he never stopped talking on here
 i didnt smoke all day yesterday lol i might as well drink that detox drink before i end up smokin today lol
 ion see how yall smoke reggie. my head start hurting if i just smell it 
 too many mental problems got me snortin coke and smokin weed again
 i have to make 2 cigarettes last all day today and the stress of knowing that makes me want to smoke one fuckkkkk
 i want to smoke a bowl with someone and talk about deep shit who is down
 you brazy if you think weed is not a gateway drug
 free smoke  anybody want it they can get it
 i smoke crack bitch know your smells
 what if being a bad ass chef means you dont drink  smoke or overeat  exercise and actually take care of yourself
 when im @ work  if i dont eat on my break  i literally just chain smoke cigs 
 being raised right doesnt mean you dont party  drink  or smoke. being raised right is how you treat people  your manners and respect.
 you dont even smoke
 people who smokes cigs are straight up digusting dont @ me
 people who smoke cigs are straight up digusting dont @ me
 dont nobody in norfolk ever have weed 
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 ill pass on a blunt. i dont smoke tobacco.
 i smoke that gas i dont drink no liquor 
 niggas dont smoke reggie 
 these insurgents dont want no smoke with me  
 i people who sit next to me who smell like weed... more power to you  but i dont need to smell that shit.
 i really dont understand people who drink amp smoke every day of their lives amp thats all they do...
 enjoying the local health food scene. @ pappys smokehouse 
 until you say no  the guy just be like damn you really dont smoke 
 my day dont start until i listen to free smoke. morelife
 i always end up smoking with the people i tell i dont smoke 
 click this tweet for a secret message  you dont even smoke yo 
 smoking rapper weed you cant cover it with febreze
 jesus christ  i hate that all my friends smoke cigs and im gettin hit in the face with all this cancer.. 
 i just want someone to take me to a beach  drink a lil and chain smoke with me. lets talk about everything and look at the stars 
 niggas ask you to smoke then try to talk shit about you not putting in after ..sis i dont have to pay for weed soo i dont need you 
 i know my brother gone get out of jail on like monday  but i hate to know he bored with no weed. thats my nigga fr.
 please dont ruin what we already like. we have it right where we want it. maybe roll more if you want to smoke lon 
 you dont want no smoke  nigga dont want no starch. 
 dear niggas   just because you smoke me out dont mean im finna fwy lol
 where theres smoke theres fire. trumprussia
 i dont mind niggas thinking im just a girl who does nothing but smoke weed. it makes it easier for me to make moves and money in peace.
 i really just want to smoke a l  and laugh with you.
 i want my wedding in the summer that way people dont have to put on jackets to go out and smoke cigs. common courtesy ya know guess who
 the only thing i dont like about smoking weed is the next day i feel calm and lazy asf 
 @aprilldallas all you need is big exhale of smoke
 gramps said back in the day his friend offered him a joint and he didnt want to be a prude so he smoked it with him.
 as you get older  you really understand why ppl drink their lives away  smoke until their lungs are black  amp throw themselves off buildings.
 am i too picky if i want a girl that doesnt smoke
 if yon know how to smoke a black when driving then dont smoke that shit . 
 who tryin to smoke 
 lmfaooo the second pic you lookin like i hope these niggas dont ask to hit the weed  
 ill be damned if i let the lil nigga talk shit again and get smoked. this discipline right here idc what anybody s 
 i need some weed amp mfs playin g wtf
 when you skip out on the smoke session and everyone literally roasts you. likeee  if i dont feel like smoking i just dont  feel like it
 think im going to smoke purple swishers in my car tonight and tweet out depressing things its been a while
 why do people who are pregnant smoke and drink like they dont know the hazards 
 i dont smoke  sorry 
 i want weed
 she swallows the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 i feel like if you dont know that i smoke on a daily  you aint my friend 
 i smoke backwoods so much my fingers starting to look like them
 bitches be so bothered by little things... i just smoke hella dro and im chillin 
 i smoke so ion feel my pain but when i sober up i feel all that shit so i stay high
 @j2theov hurry me and your pops tryna smoke lol
 i want smoke lol
 its no way im buying a gram of weed  i need quakes off rip
 nigga dont you smoje weed illegally 
 you want smoke and that shit is arranged
 niggah want smoke we cancer 
 hi if u dont actually need a medical marijuana prescription dont fucking try 2 get one just cause lol keep buying it illegally u assholes
 so grateful to be alive  dont care if its the weed or not i love life 
 what you smoke g 
 so many people in the city smoke cigs  its nasty af 
 tested out some smoke things for some future things and some cool things happen 
 i dont like to take medicine. i smoke weed  drink water and eat good food 
 i really want to be there the next time my 64 year old fil buys weed
 mother wants me to smoke her out.
 i dont smoke  dont drink thats why i dont be by the bar baby
 you dont want no smoke baby you aint tough enough 
 dont smoke in the green day concert  dont smoke in the green day concert.
 next person ask me why i smoke swishers im slappin they hollywood ass
 i dont even smoke cigs 
 dutches dont even roll half the time amp woods be harsh then a mf if you dont smoke em
 smoke weed erryday
 maybe weed isnt enough for me  maybe i actually want your company  have you ever tried thinking about that
 they offer me drank but i dont get drunk  i smoke dope  i rap  an these hoes i fuck.
 mucho happy about my ticket to see @l1ldebbie at the nectar lounge  who wants to smoke some fire with me before the show 
 every time i tell people i dont smoke they look at me like i killed they mama 
 lol never play we can smoke and go where ever you want 
 u ask me man the ends already begun  theres signs all over the planet from afghanistan to tijuana  seeds of evil planted  no marijuana
 lmfaooo bron aint want no smoke
 i dont care for purple strains of weed tbh.
 i hate when these sinners ask me where the weeds at. i dont know nigga
 dont think i can date someone who smokes cigarettes constantly  just a complete turn off for me.
 dont smoke rock
 i need a cigarette  and i dont even smoke lol
 in so much pain i cant even smoke and all i want is brandon to come back home 
 he talking about i dont want to kiss you amp taste weed .. stfu
 somebody who owe me money just asked me whats the weed man number  
 i dont drink or smoke  dont talk down on me for saying no if anythin gimme some respect
 moneybagg yo said it best  how you on social media acting like you do but dont want smoke 
 main reason @realpostmaione is also one of my favorite rappers.... no i dont smoke weed  
 i do not like ppl who smoke weed
 i dont smoke cigs. holding it for aesthetic 
 like i wont smoke myself into a coma.
 last smoke before the snowstorm by benjamin francis leftwich is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 my cousin who smoke had his nerve to ask me why you smoke lmao nigga just like youd say i get high to balance the lows ftyb. 
 what the fuck kinda dumbass shit is this  if you smoke even near your dog i hope you know that its dying 
 anyone down to smoke or drink with your boy tonight
 @evanmcmullin you would know about smoke and mirrors with trumprussia narrative that has had multiple  officials saying no evidence
 im the type to eat a lil bit ..then smoke a blunt..then come back and finish eating
 holy smokes is abby even a real person   
 aint nobody want smoke with kendrick.
 good women dont smoke back woods either
 more to smoke   more to drink  ...  ...still got more money
 dont sell weed cause i smoke it bitch i sell crack
 i always say to myself i smoke to much but then i always still light the blunt 
 ion smoke bro lmfao ima church boy
 me and my sister have the worse weedmans ever
 dude smoke w gay niggas   sorry bro i dont wanna no mo smoke w you
 my dad do you have enough beer for tomorrow do you want a bottle  are you guys gunna be smoking reefer 
 i dont get why people smoke anything 
 all im tryna do is smoke on the dope while i spend my millions
 im covered in other peoples smoke nd vomit and im ready to shower away my sadness
 you niggas save money to smoke weed 
 she pop x  i smoke os. tic tac toe
 you know your the coolest manager when you smoke up your crew member  @act22500  love you bro
 johnson and johnsons baby lotion cures hangovers its like weed lotion
 i dont want to smoke anymore lmao
 she rollin weed n she dont even smoke
 these boys dont want no smoke they dont want no cancer
 damn she smoke my dope
 hahaha i dont smoke  i never have 
 i didnt know there were marijuana withdrawals 
 i drink  i smoke weed but that doesnt make me a bad person. what can i say i love to party... 
 you dont want no smoke 
 i didnt know people still smokes cigs until i brought a pack to a party.
 ur spending ur whole saturday night smoking weed bro grow up bro do some crack or some shit tonight bro.
 i just want to smoke and eat some thai food. like is that too much to ask
 @zwhitford @brokenlizard smoking the reefer.  i dont want a large farva...
 we want all the smoke
 wow my lungs are like  fuck you i even had to stop smoking weed @brendonurie
 need a girl that swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 they say i wear my pants to low  and the only thang i do is smoke  one of the reasons why i dont ask for love   dont you judge.. 
 we want all the smoke 
 i think i smoke too much  i think your friends all suck
 i dont even smoke weed and i feel bad for the guy in my last rt
 if u smoke weed dont talk to me
 nah thats just to flaunt because some birds easily influenced by the idea of money and free weed  
 and niggas say they dont smoke blunts lol ... real true wiz fans kno loved em 
 hate when people ask why i dont smoke and try to convince me too
 i want to smoke
 family  money  sports  clothes and weed make me happy oh and good food
 you hate when i get high  but youre the reason that i smoke
 i hate when females sell weed. mfs dont even know what they doin half the time.
 she just want to smoke and fuck   i said girl thats all we do
 i remeber when yall aint want me to hit the weed but now that yall see me rappin yall ask me to hit the weed
 dont stress over me baby   smoke dope 
 if u want smoke  ill put that together
 never sell weed because i smoke it too much
 wanna be with a guy who isnt a pothead so he can care more about me amp not weed  but im 99.9 sure they dont exist bc everyones a pothead
 when you start taking a hit  putting it down often and you dont get high enough. uh no. lets smoke two bowls in row to make up for it 
 many times i pass when someone offers me weed because i really dont want to hang out with that guy.
 they dont want no smoke
 i dont want a relationship i want to have casual sex with someone who isnt fucking hella hoes who will smoke and laugh with me.
 lmfaoooo he wouldnt  bc i smoke  plus im single so it dont matter anyway 
 i dont care how much you love wiz khalifa  no you cant roll my weed
 420... smoke em if ya got em
 i dont even smoke and i can relate to this 
 you smoke too much  you talk too much so 
 its all his fault i swear  i dont smoke lol
 nah foreal i am like 14 of wiz weed lifestyle
 whenever people ask if i smoke amp i say no  they congratulate me amp say  thats really good  which i really dont get why lol 
 i really just be chilling   minding my own business   smoking some weed   and making this money
 i may like to drink a lot and which can can kill you  but i dont smoke cigs and i dont fuck with acid  anymore  that  make ppl crazy 
 i need weed legalized so i wont hurt so much anymore lol
 i used to never smoke this much weed now im up for a lil 
 sit in a car and smoke hell no id rather od on heroin wtf pussy 
 nah i really just woke up from another weed coma 
 i need to smoke bro 
 wont go broke cause i never spend  if ten goes dont smoke dont let them in.
 all i want is some weed man 
 all i want for my 21st is makeup and a shit load of weed
 on me i wanna smoke and play gta
 jk. meth is bad.  just drink and smoke alot. thats start makes you cool 
 i dont get how no one brings weed but wants to smoke 
 how much did u smoke never ask me this please.
 philosophy thought thinking reasoning why not be the last generation with the legal right to smoke we have plenty o 
 i just want a weed carddddddd
 kids...   dont do drugs  just smoke a blunt a calm down. we love you 
 they ask you why you smoke ..... because it helps save lives 
 you can tell people dont really smoke when they dont know this smh 
 i dont have money to be buying weed every day like yall 
 i use to not know how to smoke   i know now .. doesnt mean i have to smoke everyday or smoke @ all  its not 4 me   id rather have a cup
 i just want to smoke a backwood and get breakfast is that too much to ask
 other lies you tell your child 2 evolution. 3 your church is true 4 atheism 5 ok to smoke  fuck  use drugs  dr 
 @scenicvibe @itspartyyomo yeah nakes it hard to want to even smoke after growing lol
 keep blowing smoke up your own ass. bottom line is you failed and are under investigation for treason. trumprussia 
 @yagirlabs do you even lift  smoke  drink  make ugly snapchats  or complain bro 
 who told the weed man he was chickfila and he was closed in sundays nigga if you dont run me my mf bag and answer this phone.
 rapper weed i feel like a rapper 
 last smoke before the snowstorm by benjamin francis leftwich is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 and if you dont drink or smoke  dont be a bum and send that extra cash you have laying around to ya mom.
 i be smokin on nuski i dose not smoke on the tooka
 aint nun of yall weed mans really tryna make some money
 i want to smoke. who down  
 come smoke with bro 
 if the weed aint comin from the weedman i dont want it 
 i swear feel like everybody in a got some kinda flu or seasonal allergies. shit all bad. im not passing my smokes 2 nobody. on foe nem
 so cutting down on smoking weed and doing drugs makes you a cornball future  what deep sigh
 i bought some weed last night and i dont even smoke smh.. who want this
 i know i smoke too much now cause i be having to smoke from being tired of smoking
 i just want some head why i smoke this blunt  yo ass need a book while you smoke that mf
 @politico  dont give up where there is smoke   there is fire
 k dnt want dar smoke 
 niggas will buy a dub of weed before they buy a 20 beat amp thats why this rap shit makes no sense to me sometimes
 damn all the older people here look like they smoke crack
 niggas say i smoke too much dope i say i dont smoke enough
 bro thats mad sour bro @nycityalerts pot factory goes up in smoke in bronx  
 theres a saying that when a weed is seen it needs to be removed. lets take the saying a step 
 dat boy ont want no smoke   eye know he a no show 
 lmao 20 for a gram of weed  whos mans is this.
 dude alcohol  bad .. ugh weed can never make me feel this way
 @anjamanninen maybe im just weird  but smoking just doesnt bother me. occasionally smoke  smoke a pack a day  i just dont care lol 
 03.25.17 | push to feel | exhale smoke shop  pushtofeels last show. i love these boys. more 
 it kills me when people call weed dope. you can literally wake up amp decide to never smoke again amp do dat shit aint crack yall just weak
 just because i dont like to smoke or drink or do anything that canwill get me in trouble doesnt mean i dont exist.
 yall love weed so much ..... why lol
 i honestly dont even care that my boyfriend smoke  i just be tryna run shit 
 nah im not really interested in someone who smokes or drinks i only drink on weekends and i stopped smoking weed but i smoke cigs 
 nah we like to roll up too. smoke outside that counts right  
 this is why i dont drink and just smoke..... someone come kill me please
 next weekend im buying a pack of cigarettes. bc every weekend someone ask me can they buy a cigarette from me and i dont smoke lol
 if i asked you to smoke crack  would you do it
 wow niggas really dont know we some real smokers.
 @1thizz i had to give some advice to people who dont smoke lmao
 i smoke too much  still stressed  
 putting my smoker to work today to do a lil something for my bae birthday and hopefully she will like it. sundayflow
 noggas dont want no smoke 
 if you ever wanna make money  but weed and roll it into joints and sell it there @ the place of the show
 if you ever wanna make money  buy weed and roll it into joints and sell it there @ the place of the show
 i just want to go to the river with my dog and smoke a blunt with some good people lol wya
 smokin big weed today or nah lol 
 @hotrodwolf1 i dont smoke....but i do drink....
 @nickbagexel bout to say...i remember you smoke dont lie to me lol
 so basically if you dont smoke  eat fats food all the time  and drink like a fish its all just a big cancer lotte 
 you can smoke all the weed you want if you got your priorities straight.
 hey just an idea maybe dont bash ppl who smoke. you truly have no idea whats goin on in their lives so like piss off
 i want a guy bestfriend on some lets smoke weed   get food and find you a nice wholesome girl buuut nooo niggas so extra
 i dont understand why ppl parents trip off of weed and shit  as if they werent doing all that shit when they were teenagers 
 just because i dont post it dont mean i wont smoke ya out 
 any body want to smoke chill etc 
 i dont even got to post my weed no more my phone fucking ring like a chat line
 not gonna lie i miss the party days but. honestly just love my little group and smoke shesh like nothing beats that people you actually want
 you smoke too much 
 i cant count how much money weve spent on cannabis in the past 3 days
 who wants to smoke with me 
   smoke a nigga like sum dope
 but dont mind me  im just high again smokin weed to get by again no  actually im lyin cause smokin it got me smilin
 niggas dont want no smoke amp thats forsure forsure.
 posting about weed is..
 my mom told my aunt that i smoked weed  wtf lmao. i dont want my family knowing 
 niggas need to get high and be productive. i hate lazy smokers bruh. 
 when someone ask how much weed i smoke  
 i want a bitch that dips and smokes 3 packs a day so i can get that life insurance money
 i love smokin weed cuz i love da way it make me feel 
 you said all i do is smoke but aye st least you know i aint cheatin 
 that right there is the clubhouse you can rent. i dont think they will let me smoke it up though.
 dont stress ova me baby smokeeee dopeee
 dont stress ova me babygirl smokeeee dopeeeee
 drinking done became a pass time for me  but everyone smokes now amp i stopped so ion got no one to out drink
 no weed for me lol just food and alcohol
 @hotrodblago30 makes weeding so much easier...thats what converted me  too many damn weeds messing up the pretty rows
 noname off the weed  
 .@danicapatrick you dont deserve to be on team smoke that was pathetic just let everyone pass and dont fight for spots @juv91officiel fu
 the smoke is clearing  you niggas looking weak
 i dont get mad  i smoke my weed amp move on 
 idk why my body doesnt let me eat if i dont smoke  i dont wanna smoke anymoreeeee fuuuuuck
 illinois is considering legalizing marijuana recreationally. because they want money. 
 dont ask me to smoke if you dont have grass
 @jarmadillos  my new crow name for you is  dangling balls with smoke.
 i guess if you live in cali and ur eyes are naturally low that means u smoke weed. ok bro
 why even go to the gym if youre gonna just sit outside and smoke a cigarette
 you say you want some smoke  nigga puff it up.
 people still somehow think weed is worse than alcohol though. 
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 @tylertreat dont have to be massive to get good coverage.  thats what smoke tests are for.
 i smoked so much this weekend im on like a perma high and i dont know what to do about it
 im not a bad kid just cause i smoke weed lol i want nothing more than positive vibes and happiness for everyone. dont come at me with that
 now that i dont smoke anymore  i get bored easily
 the fuck i care that my cigar smoke  bothers you what of it 
 we bbq niggas cause they dont want no smoke
 i want weed
 was tryna smoke with bro nem but they some twitter hoes 
 i spent the entire day stuck here i really really just want to smoke a cigarette and go on the inernet
 happy birthday bro @yunglblitt cookie crew cannabis club shit 
 i spoke to the universe it spoke right back and truthfully i dont even smoke like that
 nigga just snapped some saying i got weed and henny .. is that supposed to be bait or  
 if youre going to be stuck in an enclosed space with people for a long period of time  please dont reek of cigarette smoke 
 yes and my weed man not answering this some shit 
 me whenever i remember i dont drink  smoke  take painkillers  date people  or have sex 
 caint even smoke on my porch anymore cause my mom beefin wit the neighbors smh
 i smoke too much
 ppl need to lax on the weed smoking videos.. not tryna be a dick but we know you smoke  dont gotta show us
 jokes niggas know i dont ever have weed on me. 
 no no no no no i like my illegal weed. ion want the gov fucking w the gas 
 these boys dont want no smoke they dont want no cancer
 match my sex drive  energy  and be able to smoke as much as me
 your favorite rapper not suffering from exhaustiondehydration  he got health problems bc he drink lean  pop xans  amp smoke a ounce a day.
 jersey weed really foh  thats crazy
 i think ima smoke some dope here in a little
 i dont even smoke amp i know she not doing it right  
 im mad i dont have anymore shells smh... thought i did now i cant even smoke and enjoy the storm
 school   money   weed 
 buying some weed
 i dont smoke or drink now stop balling me talking about it
 so dont nobody got no weed fake ass weed man
 never met a dude that can smoke as much as me lol
 @blairnichelle and all you bitches gave my shit for smoking weed in highschool  lmao makes me giggle
 its too windy to smoke outside like i want to 
 man these bitches aint shit  niggas aint either theyll turn around and double cross you for a ounce of reefer
 i feel like some people sell weed just to say they do
 i dont have to explain to your crash dummy ass u aint nun but a easy fuck nun more and a weed head just like him so
 i dont see how people smoke weed  that aftertaste nasty
 its 2017  everyone either smokes weed or snorts cocaine
 dont smoke. cigarettes 
 lots of smoke from the old auto parts yard. sources say possible vandolism 
 when people smoke weed but dont inhale 
 i mean look at it. it doesnt even look like some shot i wanna smoke. better buy from your local hood nigga to be s 
 @drunken1ipirate @sujorej @buckeyedon52 @stardustbabe001 and i dont smoke so thats out
 i just want someone to get me flowers amp tell me im pretty. it could be a dandelion weed for all i care. is that really so much to ask for
 i was so blowed i think i cant smoke no more cause it feel like i was in a coma
 you know if someones favorite way to smoke is from a bowl they dont know how to roll  
 smoking weed 10 feet away from a lapd swat team barricade... hollywood
 ion smoke so tolerance weak like my dick game 
 ill out smoke anybody on my tl  put some bread up or dont mention me....
 artistic and interesting. smokes everyday 
 its ok to show emotion but dont act like a nigga just smoked your mother  ion even like ya niggas 
 ima blow so much smoke im sorry but its me 
 this that rapper weed
 you. dont. smoke. real dope.
 we want all the smoke 
 how many gbs should i smoke bros 
 i wonder do people just have unrealized gains with this weed stock crap 
 when you smoke mid you say shit like this  
 thats not even weed  
 @potus @secpricemd alcohol is an ugly addition. marijuana can be additive. alcohol makes u aggressive  marijuana makes u passive. follow me.
 its sad when you dont fit in with friends anymore because you dont smoke  do drugs  or like going out.
 i smoke way too much
 no nigga you a crackhead if you smoke crack every day 
 plug sent me a smoke sack  cookie gelato comesh 
 boss  aye  i know yall asses aint smoking weed back there again  jaylan i need you at register 2 and andre 4
 niggas aint want that smoke in 2k today was handing out ass whooping dont hop on the sticks if you aint wit the shits
 yeah imma wear a dress if i want 2 green hair  fishnets if i want 2 smoke  drink  do drugs if i want 2 i aint really trying 2 impress u
 that nigga field a real bitch nigga said he wanted his round when he got back... hes back. so i hit em up. he say he aint want smoke 
 i eat like shit and i drink too much and i smoke too many cigarettes but the amount of medical marijuana i smoke will preserve me 4ever
 i dont even smoke gas and my whip still on e 
 im not a smoker but if you are learn to roll your shit please. thats how yall niggas is get lace now.
 how you smoke crack and gain weight
 i dont like partying like that.... dont ask me to go out and drink with you ... ask me to smoke... dasss it
 hell nahh  i always smoke with em  
 @tone314 i remember when we smoked i was like dam i hope this nigga dont try me  amp u didnt lmao
 i hate when people ask me if i smoke like bitch you watch my snaps you already know the answer  quit asking dumb shit
 damn i dont smoke anymore   crazy
 lol smoke so much dope i need visine
 got a brown paper bag and a bottle of pills if the smokes dont kill me  the whiskey will.
 they dont smoke like us
 i dont even smoke but i just found a bag of weed in my pocket. what the hell lmao
 when the weed man hits you back you know itll be a good night.
 coming from a nigga that dont even smoke  
 @mileysbae and people say miley only sings about twerking and marijuanationing
 mfs that dont smoke like talm bout 
 lets just get this out in the open if your tinder says self employed we all know you mean you sell weed
 drugs are bad kids  dont do them  marijuana is ok but too much isnt good  so smoke moderately. 
 @lambolos smh i dont even smoke cigarettes
 i hate this generation of dope boys. niggas dont ever got no damn weed or mia.
 straight up cant smoke bho anymore
 his bio says hes in a gang but he wants to smoke you out. wyd
 same goes for having a few puffs of weed. just letting you know what im under. most of them drink alcohol and smoke weed.
 thats so much weed 
 i just saw a commercial for weed. gif bless living in colorado. anyone who knows me knows i dont smoke tho
 if you are a weed head chick  a man that doesnt smoke weed isnt gonna want you
 @dadamnwez we dont smoke em we sell 
 @tmardizon put your money where your mouth is you fucking cock smoker
 going to get so high that i wont want to smoke ever again after tonight ... 
 this is the first driver to actually try and get me to smoke with him ... say whaaaaa bluntasf 
 i thought u had to smoke crack 
 white guys with marijuana socks make me want to fucking vomit.
 the only ring i want to see right now  is the smoke ring around my ribs after i smoke them
 ion like these bitches and i dont like these niggas  i rather smoke a blunt and listen to music and sip out my wine glass
 @jessicunt naw nigga. i aint tryna smoke again even if i want too
 this nigga said lets walk downtown amp smoke dope
 the legalization and federal taxing of marijuana would assist greatly in paying for a better health care plansystem than obama care.
 next person to ask me if i sell weed im giving u oregano in a bag.
 ima have to let my nigga @emanjimenez47 hop on that free smoke beat and kill it we already been wippin it
 thats why i smoke lol
 i dont steal and i dont hurt people smokin weed should aloud to be my thing
 how i dont got no weed this is so poor of me ...
 i really wont smoke if i dont have a backwood  everytime you see me i have a backwood or im smoking 1. no cigarillos no dutches  no papers.
 i listen to music and smoke. but i think i want to buy a camera and start taking pictures. 
 much needed eesssss been a long week lol  we need to pop a bottle and smoke at the beach 
 smokin weed out of a crab leg...too good crashinghbo @juddapatow @kattpackallday    show grows on you ... a lot. good stuff
 im gonna change my last name to edge. maybe then people will stop asking me if i really dont smoke.
 when i get paid im buying so much weed
 i stay up all night fr and take sleeping pills and smoke weed wtf
 u shld just say fuck it all  amp smoke crack. 
 i cant smoke sativa no more hell nah my ass been up for like 4 days straight smh they putting adderal in my fucking weed or something
 thats a mf reefer salad 
 cant be wit no stoner chick ion smoke enough for that
 i want to smoke but i hate cigs and its all i got....
 guys trying to talk to me i can out smoke you  me at this point ion even wanna test it i got my weed you got yours ima be high
 @lueybandz i dont smoke
 @greeningofgavin hey dude you ever make a weed cheese
 bro i need weed bro
 i just want to chill drink smoke fuck 
 rappers love marijuana  that is why what is happening is transpiring.
 the weed loud but the money quiet
 he said to smoke weed everyday so we will deathofabachelor   thank you so much baby. @regg1e 
 man these depression pills are no joke... im gonna ask my doctor to prescribe me weed
 fucking nerds that cant even dance with these smoke shows lmao money money money
 i spent my whole damn advance on some fuckin weed.
 i smoke to much weed.
 and smokes as much as me 
 ion smoke dope like i use to but if i did ill get it for a steal i know 4 dope boys that fell for me they throw me up every time 
 @sethrogen @united @sarahksilverman  i need some of your weed money seth lol
 woke up from my dream  damn  i was really smoking that much marijuana
 i need to smoke and i dont even smoke 
 i dont smoke no more
 my loves in life were represented in tonights @crashinghbo .  hockey  sleeping on someones couch  being in awe of @sarahksilverman amp weed.
 yall  i was avoiding picking up this ounce of marijuana all week  i really wanted to quit  but i know what my mission for the day is
 i really wish weed made me sleepy like its fkin supposed to...
 attention seeking. using niggas for food money  gas  weed  amp percs. 
 @n2ridin dont be fooled by ideologues. these guys are pure smoke and mirrors for their own gain and alt right policy. follow the money 
 i dont smoke and i damn sure wouldnt do it in front of my children.
 good things happen when katie mitchell gains control of the smoke machine after home games. zima crewsc 
 this man doesnt deserve trees. to sell or smoke. and i dont think ive ever said that about anyone. 
 oh god its wonderful to get out of bed and drink too much coffee and smoke too many cigarettes and love you so much  frank ohara b 32726
 its not even 9am and my dad is trying to have a deep conversation. like damn nigga can i smoke a blunt first at least.
 lol they really have rehab for weed... nigga just dont smoke..
 i want someone to smoke me out lmao
 happy birthday to the og swag  dont smoke to many cigs  18 nowhedoeswhathewants @stansereychas
 pretty girlssss ask them  do they smoke ask them  what do they know ask them  can we go
 facetime then we cuddlee.  she dont smoke but love to watch me do it. i be gunnin dont fwm while im smokin i will flame ya ass
 i dont know how to do anything but smoke
  yeah this man dont smoke at all  
 one thing i will never understand is why people can continue to smoke during their pregnancy.. its not like you dont know the risks..
 oh yes i love her like pussy money weed
 @xay @halfblckpanther aj doesnt even smoke anymore and i dont know what to talk about lol
 you be gettin loaded. i already know. only weed make you think up some shit like this 
 chill bro i dont want no smoke
 people dont believe me that i smoke 
 dont pass him my weed if he aint with us 
 i want to smoke with snoop andor wiz before i die
 i hate when ppl smoke in my car cause its so stank after and blunt spray just make it spell like smoke and perfume
 yall know this my dawg he roll up im go smoke you 
 i smoked so much weed since wednesday that i have to go to the gym and try to sweat it out. cant fail no drug test
 as much as i love my weed i might have to give it up 
 got woken up this morning at 7 by the smoke alarms going off for no reason  right before i had to get up for work. pls kill me
 nah im putting souls in your blunt that will only haunt you when you smoke 
 @daithekidd good look bro big smoke out
 do niggas really be bout this ganja  questions i ask myself everyday
 i dont smoke. i dont smoke. i dont smoke.
 lets smoke idgaf anymore
 i really envy people who dont drink or smoke like damn yall can make it through life without drugs.. how
 if a bitch gettin freaky off the weed she wanted to fuck anyways. 
 im even writing stupid cuss im so sleepy fuck  its the weed son
 i dont want be popular lmao bitch i just want be paid fr. fuck yall people i just want money amp grade a weed
 @potus dont interfere with states that have legalized marijuana its like alcohol  no worse  and if you interfere  the cartel will be bk
 i remember not even bothering to think about whether i smelled like weed or not
 ion even smoke butcha bitch b tryna smoke wit me
 getting rejected for cigarettes when you dont have your id on you is infuriating as fuck. like im obviously old enough to fucking smoke
 i gotta go ion want no smoke
 theyll never legalize marijuana.. its the only way the governmentcops still making money off arresting people 
 i work for a grass n roots company now as a manager. aint no drug testing ever happen here lol. prolly wont ever be. i dont smoke tho so
 everybody know where you stay  you always posting money amp weed  and you got robbed  ion feel sorry for you 
 everyone thinks its lean because they smoke weed and dont know what cbd even is  its super sad 
 when your family ask do you smoke  
 that just means smoke dope and play xbox
 i dnt even smoke on campus man
 treat ya ass like the dope get smoked lor bitch 
 you say you want smoke  puff it up
 im havin harder time findin lots of weed in denver than any othr drug.. i mean yall got it but i ain payin lmao
 i havent went to the doctor because they be drug testing me but my parents know i smoke so why tf am i scared for lmfaoo
 people dont really talk enough about how snooki turned into a certified smokeshow
 ag jeff sessions said last year that good people dont smoke marijuana.  anyone think hes a better person than  say   bob marley
 also i really want to smoke cigarettes but nursing and its so bad for you
 they understand it. just smoking too much weed to care. there are loopholes tho 
 i might start smoking weed amp just come work with yall... my last job did random drug tests and i couldnt risk my coins.
 ill rather be ya nigga so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day it dont matter if you lonely baby  you need a thug in your life2pac
 if the smokes dont kill me the whiskey will
 yall sell weed i fw the trees.. just ask for gas
 either too mean or smoke too much weed
 we dont count the same money or smoke the same weed
 i do what i want so i smoke a lot marijuana
 like i dont even bother anymore  friends aint shit anymore unless im offering to smoke them up then they wanna be besties forevva
 could drink amp smoke all day but what would my mother say different drugs for the pain but the road is the same.
 i saved 1009 by just not buying fuxkin weed anymore 
 i dont smoke or drink amp i dont pop pills . 
 i dont really fuck with people that smoke too many blunts. graduate to papers  friend. love yourself
 if you smoke on campus you are the worst. save your nasty habit for a place where other people wont be forced to breathe your cancer air. 
 i used to weight 220 at one point i really smoked the weight off. 
 people be like malcolm lets go smoke ill fire you up  no fuck ya i got my own
 i didnt smoke at all yesterday  thats saying something
 you dont even smoke  
 happy birthday baby lets smoke soon @desiiiwesii 
 dont tell me how bad laying in the tanning bed is when you smoke a pack a day. 
 nope i dont smoke or do drugs so bring them on  
 im just trina lay up with my girl and smoke so backwoods amp count bandz
 they gotta drug for ms thats 65 000 that gives you the same relief an ounce of high quality marijuana for 300 would.   praise on tho lol.
 i could smoke amp drink everyday but what would my mother say couldnt say much because shes used to shoot up for the pain.
 i could smoke amp drink everyday but what would my mother say shouldnt say much  she used to shoot up for the pain.
 i only smoke blunts if they roll propa
 bro somebody tell the weed man to text back 
 my bitch got to smoke gd so i wont be smokin by myself or have em roll up
 remember when people use to say im high and you knew they was high off weed 2017 if somebody say they high who knows what drugs they on
 rearranged my garage and put couches and a tv in there so now niggas can smoke comfortably and enjoy some entertainment 
 most people dont understand damn near everyone with good jobs smoke weed 
 tell a friend to tell a friend . i smoke nothing but gas so ima always have pressure baby  
 fyi tl i dont smoke so dont enter the dms offering to smoke me out but you can buy me a bottle amp ill out drink you fosho 
 youon smoke. 
 she swallowed the bottle while i sit back amp smoke gelato
 dont you love when your sister takes your weed bc i sure as fucking hell dont
 theres a lot of weed smoking talk inn my job  and ive finally understood why
 i need somebody to smoke me out then buy me something to eat but ion got it like that
 @itsnotweave i asked her not to smell like weed. cause it makes me nauseous rn.  aka chew gum and spray perfume and she lost it lol
 ppl who smoke cigs breathe smell like ass
 do yall think marijuana can be addictive
 im going to get a drug test done.. thank goodness i dont smoke 
 but today he told me he doesnt have money but lost his job so really needs it amp i just dont have the heart to tell him i dont sell weed.
 olivers cannabis show.  i call it cannabis. the propagation of med cannabis is important to the future of humanity 
 kinda want to drink a gallon of water a day and do yoga  kinda want to chain smoke cigarettes and drink vodka from the bottle
 if i was in my death bed ill ask to smoke two woods dolo while listening to rick ross
 its 2017.. yall still smoke weed
 you tell cigarette smokers you dont have a lighter and they look at you like you just told them to fuck off.
 not leaving my crib unless it concerns weed  or photography. if it aint bout 1 or the other  dont ask.
 i dont smoke swishers i only roll backwoods
 how do you let somebody smoke cigs in your car nasty mf
 my 1st pay check ima spend it all on weed whos down to smoke wit me
 fuck being broke  i got my town by the throat  coughing up major dope  but it wasnt enough bcuz the bomb i smoke  and the fluff i snort
 some guy told me to try holistic medicine and cannabis for my sleep apnea...........
 you dont want smoke with my gang
 wiz lmao tell that nigga he can pay me in weed  
 gallia academy makes me want to chain smoke a whole pack of cigarettes
 if you put so much effort as yall do into getting the best weed or some other drug  why not do it for a good job 
  i dont like girls who drink or smoke weed 
 dont smoke anymore but sounds lit  
 nobody ever drank or smoked for the taste wtf is this shit  white girls always tryna make everything deep amp meani 
 i recently conversed with the legendary @ogafroman about the state of marijuana  his own weed amp beer  and colorado. 
 i dont take drugs or smoke anything im literally feeling this quake
 they can keep their drink  their smoke  their pills  amp their cocaine too
 @sensanders americans have a right 2 education. the idea is work amp save dont spend money on politicians  or weed o 
 youre really good at math. no im not  im good at weed. its the same thing. no its not  this is weed.
 i have to write a paper on healthy coping mechanisms but all i know is alcohol sex and weed
 i always tell jay wya and he knows why i ask... its either to smoke or i wanna fight 
 i lol @ ppl who frown on people that smoke cigs cause it causes cancer ..  wake up thats not the only way the govt pushing out cancer ...
 you know ima smoke the whole world bout cha 
 he shoulda left you a lil weed anyways
 i dont smoke anymore so dont ask me to match please and thank you
 anxiety is like weed cause you think nobody knows but everyone knows
 i prolly dont fuck with u if you dont smoke backwoods. 
 overheard in the clinic  doctor  i dont do drugs  i dont smoke  i dont drink....long pause i just gamble 
 damn. good thing i smoke cigs.  
 yes but then i realize i spent all my money on weed and food 
 katie i feel like other friends dont laugh as much as we do  yeah i dont think they smoke as much as we do 
 your mcm still ask his parents for weed money.
 you dont even smoke and you still died from cancer....... olivebranch
 tryin spend under 30 but he cant just have a lil weed he needs wax and all this extra shit too like chilll pay days around the corner
 damn i smoked a bit of dro and i dont feel nauseous bro.
 your eyes are red did you smoke  holy shit dude you keep zoning out  i didnt get enough sleep lol  getting to my old habit
 if i cant smoke weed to it  i dont want to listen to it
 i dont understand this tweet.. obviously if u drink or smoke ur going to feel something... isnt the whole point 
 he dont want smoke he a keyboard warrior. @james79896236
 i want to meet this persons weed man 
 i want to meet this persons weed man 
 cant smoke it. cant eat it. only pills and lotions. thats what they are trying for ammend tofor.
 cant smoke it. cant eat it. only pills and lotions. thats what they are trying to amend tofor.
 if you choose to smoke cigs your a fucking idiot. smh..
 how do you eat edibles at least twice a week  but say you dont smoke thats sideways
 dont try talking to me  flirting w me  being close friends wme if you smoke its a turn off amp its disgusting amp i dont want it around me
 @alraet makes me want a cig and i dont smoke the things 
 i smoke too much tree to fuck with certain ppl. hope yall can relate.
 i just smoke too much .. 
 we dont smoke marijuana in muskogee
 thanks bro smoke sesh soon 
 dont talk to me until ive smoked my morning crack
 its crack so smoke it 
 @verosity301 @infiniteris i like marijuana but not cigs
 youre the reason that im thinkin  i dont wanna smoke on them cigarettes no more.
 yesterday was my last day smoking weed  lmao so pls dont ask me to score for you   or match  or blaze me up cause i cant say no  fr
 it really bothers me when someone claims theyre living a sober life but continue to drinksmoke. weed  alcohol  nicotine  caffeine  drugs.
 oomf just said he doesnt like when girls smoke ig im done smoking lmfaoooo 
 literally what i try to tell woods smokers. they still roll em smh 
 he dont want no smoke he dont want static
 these bfl ass niggas dont want no smoke
 theses bfl niggas dont want no smoke 
 really dont fucc wit no one but my girl so yall gotta know if i hit you to chill its really prolly just to smoke asuhn. jus good company
 @usatoday ......... for one thing .... marijuana is not a drug ..........
 if i gotta nigga ill cook every night.  i dont mind. we can smoke and watch tv
 wtf i stay loose weed or money 
 why not let the tourists decide what they want marijuana is legal... should be treated like alcohol. @tsegerblom 
 cutting weed and alcohol out my life made everything so much better
 i dont want my boots smoked
 bro do i really girls comparing selling weed to selling they body for sex 
 i dont see how people smoke cigarettes smoke some fucking weed 
 this is why i dont smoke anymore. makes my ass think more about everything and want to cuddle.
 @karengc101 oh i can handle it ill out smoke you and anybody round here but nah they gross to me there harsh for no reason.
 want to smoke and eat 
 everyone spent a whole weekend fighting over the earths shape  lets not start with potheads now. if you smoke great you dont  great
 ion like doing shit but smoke amp chill
 if i give you my weed to roll and you light that mf up youre disrespectful. roller takes the first hit if its their weed
 at least all this money i am going to pay for my weed charge will make my roads look beautiful. said no one ever.
 yall ever kissed somebody who smokes cigarettes. barf.
 i love that i stoped smoking weed after smoking 4 blunts a day.. i dont even want to take another puff. i feel so good about my self.
 if you think backwoods are too harsh just put more weed in that shit or use less leaf.   dont hate cause youre fucking up.  backwoods
 bro if you choose weed or alcohol over your friends consistently amp its the only way you can have fun  you gotta think abt what youre doin
 if theres one thing that ive noticed from watching 13 reasons why its that these kids do not know how to smoke to save their lives 
 i just smoked a blunt and now i want to make this  
 i dont even smoke but im bout to right now thats how bad my nerves is  .
 i just learned that smoking weed makes you a bad person spread the word
 @piousandpretty i can deal with cigarette smoke. air freshners make me want to die
 as long as i have memes and weed  i dont think i will ever be sad again lol.
 i dont think about weed as much anymore if i do its like at the end of the day really
 can i smoke crack instead 
 thank you @hardballchris for not reporting on that smokescreen surveillance unmasking and keeping focus on trumprussia
 @meiathegreat lmao too much weed on this earth just to not smoke it 
 i dont smoke but i know enough to know this girl isnt doing it right  
 hurry up amp smoke w me bro
 says the person with my name still in their mouth while im deadass just chillin smoking some weed  plz grow up 
 got a gram of loud and i dont even smoke 
 i only spent 100 on weed this month 
 bro my weed man be laggin
 like hurry tf up with that smoke
 shoot da weed man if da dope aint smokin
 what yall kno about wellflushed weed 
 i smoke herb and i make music. i dont even talk about it boy  i just do it.
 only going on dates in 2017 dont ask me to smoke.
 dude i was so fucking tired i didnt even wanna smoke lol 
 this is why i dont smoke  
 you dont even smoke 
 can we just smoke  lay up and watch a movie  like damn its the simple shit sometimes. dont gotta always go out n spend money to have fun
 top 4 reasons for marijuana legalization   connecticut dwts science holistic vermont 
 all the jokes i make about my mom she really isnt ratchet at all. she dont cuss and she doesnt smoke or drink. she just has 9 kids
 baby who you calling soft dont make me smoke up all yo kush  dont make me pop yo cheap ass pills  i used to do this for the thrill
 people who fear weed  dont know it at all 
 anyone want to smoke with me
 mfs ask me  wyd amp i say im chilling  then they be like  got some weed amp i lie amp say i aint been smoking  then theres no reply 
 zags are gonna smoke unc because of their big man. without him they wouldnt have even made it to the sweet sixteen
 i cant fw people that smoke all the time and dont got shit going for themselves.
 bro niggas fav pickup line nowadays you smoke lmao 
 my neighbor just came over freaking out about her high school daughter smoking weed. she wants me to talk some sense into her.
 this weekend i learned how to smoke out of a bowl and thats a simple thing but i am now unstoppable.
 the only people who can talk shit about me smoke are the niggas who actually have smoked wimme.
 if you want an adventure  smoke a cigarette in less than thirty seconds. i dont usually smoke  but it cracks me up every time
 good game today brothas  just know all these teams are going to continue to catch this smoke 
 lmao you ask your parents money for weed  jobless  never at school  but u tryna talk down on me oh no baby what is you doinggg 
 money weed sex food none of that makes me happy anymore idk whats wrong with me but nothing is doing it for me
 research proving cannabis kills cancer cells safely has been suppressed since 1974 
 free smoke for anybody who want some 
 im so unhealthy  i literally live off weed  cigs  addy  and energy drinks 
 ap gone smoke tf outta roach she dont care how small it is 
 are there people my age that dont have to do drugs or drink or smoke weed 247 to hangout with 
 when people say weed is addictive or a gateway drug 
 i want to smoke 
 and i want to smoke a cigarette after it all 
 i really dont be wanting to smoke anymore  but i be going through so much shit i just need a blunt
 you smoke like you got a drug test in 2 hours 
 when you come out to the garage to smoke and your uncle is smokin your shit ... 
 bruh i havent been completely sober like with a clean immune system since 8th grade  some of yall niggas barely smokin weed
 he said  dont smoke too much with your friends before you come to me because you wont want to smoke more with me 
 im really tryna slow down on how much i smoke shit hard
 i smoke alot of weed. ion drink to much
 too bad i dont smoke anymore  
 i dont like dudes who dont smoke as much i do lol.
 i make too much these days to say poor me free smoke free smoke
 there is a chemical in weed called fuck it. @kattpackallday
 by dope i mean weed islandlingo
 dont worry bout me baby girl smoke dope  chief keef 
 if all you do is brag about smoking you shouldnt smoke
 when your last name is weed and ppl wanna know if its really weed or if you just like weed  
 i feel like if i smoked people would ask to kick it more lmao and thats sad
 if anyone wants any weed hit up my neighbor  shes been smoking it in her dorm every night for a week so i know she has enough to share 
 dont smoke cigarettes guys.
 only regret is smoke 
 we dont count the same cash or smoke the same weed
 now i can smoke when ever my sis dont give no fucks
 gonzaga really dont want no smoke.
 did karnowski smoke a bucket of crack before the game hes seeing 8 baskets and hasnt hit one of em. @grumbach24
 i have yet to find a weed man in the quads with gas stronger than my plug in the gump yall shit must be air pack
 if a nigga want smoke give his ass gun smoke.
 i need a rello dont wanna ask nobody cause then they gone wanna smoke with me and i dont want that
 why have marijuana when we can clearly have more pills
 who wants to smoke and go look at see animals and shit. the mf aquarium half off 
 i dont smoke or pop pills . 
 man no one wants to smoke with me 
 we all die  fuck it. live life how the fuck u want. smoke a bunch of weed amp pay ur bills. just have a great time. life is not that serious.
 i dont smoke 
 if youre really craving smoked salmon  dont go to target. they dont have it. trust me  i checked. only disappointment can be found there.
 i wanna smoke with christine sydelko at least once in my life  my life would be complete and i could die happy. @ g 
 how much weed do you smoke mr. baby 
 aint put enough weed in it all you smokin is tobacco 
 i smoke them away  but if i talk about em i got my people 
 if you smoke cigs dont talk to me   that shits nasty lmao
 all i smoke is dope  
 i dont understand @stephenasmith stand on weed. has he gone out and out his body through pain like those players he will never understand
 if you dont mix the herb when you roll nigga donyou really smoke
 i jus be wantin to smoke my weed and chill but mfs dont know how to act
 if you say youre going to stop smoking  dont sit there and smoke half a pack of cigarettes. hypocrite
 when is 420 i think i want fly out to colorado that day. i dont  smoke but i want to catch some suckers with 15 regular old brownies  lol
 thats why i dont put money in bitches pockets  they smoke dhat shit
 jerry jones wants the marijuana ban in the nfl dropped  hes for the people  
 srry im not depressed and im very well understood. i dont pop pills and i dont smoke backwoods or swishers. i pre 
 or they say im addicted to weed  like nah bruh i just like to smoke weed  just how i like to buy make up  i do it cause i like it
 its time to smoke a fatty from cincinnati i know unc would want me to
 all you do is smoke amp fuck nigga  that shit gon kill you  james funny as shit
 i just want to sit on a roof  play my guitar and smoke a blunt. thats the life man.
 i stay around gs that smoke weed thats my lifestyle
 all i do is smoke that dope that shit u smoke i can hear that shit barely
 i dont even smoke but  what plug takes a debit card  
 this nigga said  all bay girls do is rock those sparkle chokers  smoke backwoods and drink henny  whatttt.
 all this work  ain shit for the low.. hell naa nigga i ain giving no deals. shoot ya weed man  if the dope ain smoking
 man all this cigarette smoke finna kill me 
 fiona always asking niggas about how they smoking now. bitch you smoke damn near half a pack.
 niggas want no smoke
 u drive too fast  u smoke too much but that dont mean a thing cuz im addicted to the rush
 i dont take ls nigga  i smokem. and its basic shit not worth typing lol 
 getting smoke in your eye is really a high kill 
 not having weed makes me want to break my own nose
 to everyone that thinks i chew and smoke cigs  i dont. i think its gross.
 yall really do just be wasting weed 
 i hate running out of weed son i always make sure i dont cuss only bro w the gas 
 mad at myself for not buying weed
 you damn skippy  niggas dont want no smoke  
 the same nigga that asked kept putting his hand up to his mouth acting like hes asking if i knew where to get weed
 i wish i could smoke on g baby 
 fam who you know that dont smoke 
 you cant trust it if your plug dont want to smoke it with you 
 thats why they make sure everyone knows theyre alphas  because they dont want no smoke  they dont want no issue.
 hoes always talk bout niggas aint getting no money let one of them niggas post a pic guns   money   an weed  watch that hoe 
 im convinced people only like bernie sanders for 2 reasons. 1. free shit 2. weed
 dey dont want no smoke catch em down bad  thru da peacoat
 dey dont want no smoke catch em down bad  shoot em thru da peacoat
 stay talking about pussy  money  weed lmfao how about honesty  trust and loyalty
 when i smoke  i dont even feel high  like before 
 really want to smoke @uglydickmichael s birthday cigs
 money good  lol im just saying dont hmu asking do i want to smoke then say match 1... you dead 
 im really trying to smoke a whole ounce today.
 @sereniteaaa i dont even smoke 
 nigga try to smoke me now u got smoked dtx streets dont play around
 mom i bought you a little back pack with jesus on it   but i dont want you putting your marijuana in it  
 stigmabase usca   some believe medical marijuana is too risky of a gamble  some of those against the 
 listening to simmons last pod. crazy that the nfl allows guys to pop pain killers like mints but smoking weed is treated as this awful thing
 dont smoke  dont drink thats why i dont be by the bar  baby baby
 cause im a king and i smoke a lot of weed that make sense its bout 33 ounces in a leader liter  ab soul 
 i just want smoke
 bri grinding weed i feel like this is some shit work would make me do  uh okay bri
 smoke weed and i drank out the bottle
 where tf else they gonna sell their body other than social media you want them to go to the town market smoke s 
 just got woken up to be told ill be back im going to get us weed and i dont know if im really in love or beyond annoyed
 why does she even smoke smh 
 i smoke some pretty tasty weed  i dont know what youre smoking   
 i spend sm money on weed... its actually ridiculous
 hes always like... you dont go to the gym you dont go to work  you dont eat  you dont smoke
 idk why weed gives me so much energy and puts me in the mood to workout or study or do random shit lmao
 i hope i have enough weed to last me 2 days lol 
 chicago niggas kill a nigga then name weed after em
 i know youre grown lol i dont want no smoke 
 if an area says no smoking then dont smoke. like are you blind or stupid
 unrelated but can i smoke a cigarette on the acela  for the sake of my mental health
 apparently  if you want to reverse much of the support for medical marijuana all you have to do is treat and regulate it like medicine...
 i dont smoke or drink
 do you count money or nah  do you smoke dope or yeah 
 lol soo you saying you dont smoke at all 
 when ur dad hits u up and says ill give u a quarter smoke for two or three packs of cigs hahaha love ya pops
 4yearold had marijuana  scales at school  deputies say 
 swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato 
 @a35362 hes mentally unstable. wants approval whilst is minions run about lying and creating smoke screens to cove 
 first thing on my mind when i wake up is money then weed 
 why you get on social media amp act like you do but dont want smoke 
 random girl buys a lighter me i need an i.d g im like 16 and i smoke me bitch i dont care
 i only download it when im out of town and dont know nobody with weed.  still not helpful then honestly
 at least back when i smoked  which i dont anymore 
 niggas be od on perks and xans. that shit wack. smoke a blunt and relax.
 if you ask me if weed is a drug id say of course it is by definition
 @shanebodyblastt nah i can roll them hoes ass yall just heard some soundcloud rapper say smoke backwoods and yall was like ok
 in the mood to smoke myself into a coma amp watch rick and morty  but i have mf class 
 ion smoke with randoms ion gaf its dats yo real brotha ion kno em so he aint touching this blunt
 ion smoke with randoms ion gaf its dats yo real brotha ion kno em so he aint touching this blunt
 i had to smoke before i go in this mf
 @tedcruz @potus @dallasnews if some one uses cannabis in their own home to relax does this count as drug usworse is alcohol and ciggarettes
 if you smoke weed every single day dont even try getting with me 
 roll so much damn weed up within feet up we dont come in last
 roll so much damn weed up with my feet up we dont come in last
 these boys dont want no smoke
 oh you say you dont smoke well baby dats all we do
 i like smoking alone cause i like shit to be a certain way when i smoke.
 i cant understand why people are like its just a little weed i dont see what its hurting   first of all  it doesnt matter what it is
 and when there is no hope  ill smoke some crack  ill shoot some dope when theres no enemies  i sit and stare at m 
 i do what i want so i smoke too much marijuana
 want a friend that likes to smoke as much as me   bitches be faking out here
 if you have health insurance does that mean you can smoke  drink alcohol  and  eat to excess because you are covered  its happening
 i love the colors of springi know some people call them weeds  but i call them 
 i love the colors of springi know some people call them weeds  but i call them 
 lol me and the bros dont trip over weed if we fuck with you and you good peoples you can join 
 @ataveira @thirsttraper please tell me thats a niggas knees in that pic amp that u dont smoke crack.
 we should all quit our jobs and smoke more crack. have a good day 
 so twitter if you smoke dope. smoke your dope. you drank that drank. drank that drank. fuck any1 who is focused on u rather then themselves
 he knows when the smoke clears  mama will always be here  
 really been spending too much money on weed amp tattoos 
 you know where you dont get shot buying weed a legal dispensary. 
 like i know people who smoke regularly in philly and they pay like 200 for half an ounce of decent weed. in nj thatd be 400 legally
 give me 1 reason wrong with weed i can give you 10 reasons its good 
 if you ask me if you smell like weed dont be surprised if i spit on you.
 if you aint weed i dont need ur loud ass around me 
 money  weed  amp food. 
 .... um weed isnt addictive.... 
 and the only thing that we know  this weed smoke dont come from the east coast
 @youngthug bro help me get my charges dropped too  ill smoke u up
 didnt even know guy fieri had a smoke house in louisville. 
 i genuinely feel bad for the disappointed parents of these 20yr bumass niggas wit no job still askin for money for weed 
 if someone offers you crack  dont smoke it. suggestionoftheday
 dont worry baby im not a stress case  imma just care for u and smoke blunts w u boo 
 ion sell weed cause i smoke it bitch i sell crack
 how the fuck some niggas sit on an ounce for so long lmfao how the fuck do you suck at selling weed 
 you smokin trash ass weed outta backwood is like you smokin a black amp mild my nigga 
 i commend those that dont need to smoke pop or drink anything to have a good time
 i dont smoke crack mf i sell itttt 
 if you smoke cigarettes please stay approximately five feet away from me when you speak. nobody in their right mind wants to smell that.
 so i drink amp i smoke amp i ask if youre ever around..even tho it was me who drove us right into the ground
 sonic lady do you need any marinara or ranch clay yes. marijuana 
 i dont smoke but damn yall states dont got legalized recreational weed
 why do i cough more now that i dont smoke cigarettes shits so annoying. lungs feel worse now than the last 8 years smoking cigarettes 
 u. dont. smoke. 
 @mathimus lmao thats america g 80 of ppl coo with 300 a week getting to pay for apple music netflix and smoke 
 before i go anywhere i gotta smoke a blunt  thats a fact. always  true ones know it weedisgreat stayfaded
 @frankthehippie you gotta smoke crack to be a crackhead bro
 eighth of weed just gone...nope dont know anything 
 whether its money or some weed or putting in work then fk ittt. im ridinnnn 
 does anyone know how to reach whitehouse a  ah  friend wants to know if hell part with some of the primo weed h 
 if you smoke   thats even better .
 i eat so much shrimp i smoke so much hemp
 she rolling weed and she dont even smoke 
 dont ask me to match if you dont have weed yet.
 i aint never used eye drops after i smoked think i gaf you know im fried  i dont
 yearly drug test. i dont use my pee. i smoke  weed. im a trash mom for using a childs pee  eat my asshole
 when you smoke before you go into work and doesnt hit you until youre talking to your supervisor  you look really tired 
 thats not smoke. thats a freaking full on barn fire. theresistance russiagate 
 ay did they let yall smoke weed if yall knew a plug 
 i honestly like boys that dont smoke.
 why dont ppl that smoke ever like to go tf outside and smoke no you not smoking in my house
 ill never have chow in my possession and squad around amp they dont smoke nun. but thats just me 
 like an ounce  of weed marijuana
 i dont wanna match cause ya weed some
 boom reasons i smoke after ive done ever productive thing i so 
 akwasi owusubempah cannabis is a gateway drug for the criminal justice system to enter the lives of the most marginalized candrugforum
 @devonschwarze ya true but you dont want to get blown out on opening day either. hope nick smokes a hr
 .@aobempah cannabis is a gateway drug for the criminal justice system to enter the lives of the most marginalized candrugforum
 a bottle of wine harder to sneak around than marijuana  vt pediatrician testifying that marijuana easier to hide than alcohol vtpoli 
 dont forget the nigga that smoke em out 
 if you smoke cigs your weird af them shits dont do a damn thing
 if all you rap about is weed money and women  you arent even a rapper. nwa and gunit where you at tho
 she said shed like to score some reefer and a 40  shell never know that im the best that shell never have
 linds dont smoke weed  yes thats a black in my story. silly people
 smart smoke detector buying guide 
 if ion smoke at least 30 blunts on 420 then i failed myself as a smoker
 acting like you do but dont want smoke
  selling weed doesnt make you the plug
 people really act like people dont do drugs  smoke weed all over the world ... lol
 youre still a boy and ur mom knows u smoke lmao 
 when you smoke crack 
 its nuts watching people smoke cigarettes on the moonbase in 1981 in the series  ufo from the 
 its nuts watching people smoke cigarettes on the moonbase in 1981 in the series  ufo from the 
 theres not even no weed in that second one  
 when people tell me i smoke too much i just roll up and smoke again
 im in college amp i smoke dope.... i can make 20 last  
 grieving parent i dont really believe in psychiatrists.  dr.what so i do now  disappear in a puff of smoke ordinarypeople. nominee
 dont talk about an ounces if you aint smoke one
 i want to smoke so badly but i love myself too much to do it
 i want to be in a smoke session with like 10 people and everyone has to roll a blunt
 @somfwhat lmao you dont want this smoke coco
 @spryguy  way too many people think russian stooge ayn rand paul is a swell guy because hell let you smoke pot while he steals your future
 roll the weed. @youngthug 
 oral cancer is on the rise  even in people who dont smoke. dr. nwojo tells us about the connection to hpv. 
 same shit different day i work hard and smoke my tooka when im off
 niggas be so fast to talk shit then when they find out im with the shits  they dont want smoke  how that work
 i get so excited to smoke even tho thats what i do literally all day long
 lol yall got it ima get it under control ion want no smoke today  
 rappin ass nigga selling weed  this that ice money  @mprmgvawn
 me making @trashnat smoke cigs 
 when i first made a snapchat like years ago i used to make mad snaps smoking my blunts  now i dont even smoke on the snap
 im not fuckin wit no drugs with you. i smoke weed ho. i dont need ya lean  i dont need ya xans  i dont need ya exos  i dont need ya coke
 open gym @teelinwood  dont check me if you dont want no smoke
 my uncle from colorado is gonna be at my grandparents and i want to ask him if he touches the weed stuff but how do
 idk why but i really dont like to be around people who do bars or any other type of drug besides weed  makes me feel hella uncomfortable 
  im high af and we dont even smoke
 u fuck dat one up ima want smoke n ion even kno ya 
 shordy roll the weed idc if u bumping daniel caesar
 do u get a receipt when u buy weed ok then bitch dont ask me do i give receipts. check paypal 
 all the drama not for me but ill rock with it if i have too just trying to grow so dont get in my way unless you  want smoke kid
 some woman from france just asked me where to buy cigarettes downtown. do i look like i smoke cigs or what
 when you smoke way too much to talk tobe around people and someone says hi to you and youre just like 
 kate smoked my kief while i was at work. do i leave her
 i barely smoke kush anymore why would i smoke a cigarette
 bruh i smoke too much my sweat even smells like dank
 @xtremeohpromo unitecle anatomysaturdayssmokehousebeats3 iamdjball @ smokehouse beatsi made 
 ion care if you smoke or drink if you respectful and responsible with your shit do you 
 i dont smoke crack  muthafucka i sell it control neverforget
 just want to smoke.
 after these stories i been hearing  ion even know if its safe to smoke wit some yall hoes
 make money and smoke it all i swear thats all yall do 
 wake up. take a shot or a few. hit the blunt or smoke the whole thing. then carry on. dont kill my vibe.
 i am so damn responsible. i know that sounds stupid to boast about  but my parents raised me right. i dont smokedrink  i pay my bills on..
 i do this and i dont even smoke weed  
 lrt bitch slaps that out of his hands dont smoke boy
 when you buy weed and the people you with say  we about to get high 
 its a big difference between smokin amp havin somethin to smoke
 so atlanta not even gone give us medical marijuana.  
 im starving for a cigarette. i dont smoke. i want to eat it.
 ion understand that women who smoke unattractive notion. being high with ya lady feels better than beating ya boy in 2k. yall sleep
 i used to trick on my nigga now i just be buying more weed
 cough cough choke too much smoke. trumprussia  trumprussia
 why cant drug dealers be nice amp give everyone deals. but no. they trying to rob people. like the fuck you think weed is not a money maker.
 lol. i get it. people make money off selling weed. but honestly. stoner to a stoner. you look like an ass. find a real damn job amp hustle.
 i really dont smoke weed like that anymore  estoy impresionada
 and then she sold our toilet paper for weed money
 dear @littlecaesars  your smokehouse pizza is da bomb. my husband wants to know where to get that crust seasoning. nextlevelpizza
 .people who dont smoke weed always have the most to say about it .....maybe you should start
 i dont think its attractive or unattractive for girls to smoke weed. but a girl smoking cigs is unattractive for sure.
 basically if you smoking weed its not a plus or a minus to me. but smoking them cigs is a big minus baby.
 bro if you dont smoke or inhale right. you wasting weed  just dont try smoking
 i smoked a bowl and i dont have a headache anymore. i feel better mentally and physically
 people who smoke in their cars with their windows up are the superior species
 if you got em smoke em 420
 they say money wont make you happy. you ever seen someone sad to have the ability to spend 1k on weed and not be hurting financially
 smoking this mild and i dont even smoke milds
 she got rolling papers but dont even fucking smoke 
 dont tell me i do drugs i do weed
 swisher tax went up backwoods stayed the same so it sucks if you smoke swishers
 what weed ever do to anybody lol
 damn yall dont smoke marijuana no more wtf
  i want to try smoking weed
 idk why someone would wanna sit around and smoke all day anyways 
 yes ppl of the pink line i am the one who smells like weed get over it
 if you dont smoke weed  please unfollow me 
 not for abortions dont get one.  not for gay marriage dont do it. not for marijuana dont smoke it.  not for guns dont buy one.
 i dont always 360 but when i do  i put a lot of smoke  bullettime montreal livemontreal 
 brown smoked em   chad couldnt keep up pass thrown way behind too 
 @queenlauraht i dont like smoke at all
 so ol girl gon come at me with this shit about some cigarettes.... bitch i dont smoke cigarettes dont u ever.... i got asthma.
 niggas be weedmen but dont wanna sell no weed bitch yall need stop sending me pics and videos of yall crap ass weed then
 i dont know why linkedin thought i should connect with a cannabis grower 
 people really try and sell weed on instagram and snapchat. like you a whole hot boy
 i just think its very misleading and dangerous to have a different classification. a smoker is a drug addict. an alcoholic is a drug addict
 so glad to be off i want to go smoke badly
 i dont smoke crack muthafucka i sell it
 when she says she smokes 
 @buncahn i do this when i smoke too much weed
 niggas cant just smoke blunts anymore hu 
 i hate when people overhype how much they smoke like yo dont smoke to look cute just fucking smoke
 you dont even have to smoke to be my nigga  just roll my weed after work and sit outside with me when i smoke.
 gelato is all i smoke
 i look so lit on that picture  but i dont even smoke 
 nah my weed better lol jp 
 i need some fucking weed. how is it nobody here knows anybody
 dont talk about weed if this isnt exactly how you smoke it 
 @chrisdotmov respect holmes. but i gotta give props when due. your head probably sore af. just smoke some dro and take a tylenol haha
 taking dabs makes me want to not smoke anymore i be too smacked
 hes like my new smokey and charles since they dont love me anymore lol
 see this is why i dont smoke 
 shoot the weedman  if the dope aint smokin
 @tonimz81 @dete1dea if a private business wants to allow people to smoke weed on their property i think that should be legal
 you got 5 to the dope  iant even tryna smoke witchu
 bout to not even smoke bc the process of getting weed is ridiculous all you drug dealers suck
 i dont smoke  but these anti cigarette commercials are so dumb. dont wanna smoke then dont if youre 18 and want to  go for it
 we want all the smoke
 i dont smoke 
 i dont smoke so  
 i smoke too much 
 in all honesty  i just want money to buy makeup  food amp weed.
 telling me how drunk you get and how much weed you smoke doesnt impress me sweetie.... im a man not the dusty niggas youre accustomed to
 i would smoke blunts out in public if hotboxing wasnt so much better
 @tuckercarlson is maxx boot for real. talk about a dude in the ding weeds. im at a loss for words anymore.
 this is why i dont smoke with people
 @chefboyyaredee i dont smoke anymore
 this why i dont smoke weed because yall be this desperate 
 first of all i dont even smoke so idk what yall are talking about. the only thing i get high on is life brother 
 if my plug dont serve me with the new kimoji weed bags i dont want it.
 im mature. i even smoked crack one time
 i dont even say backwood anymore i just say fat wood cause thats all tf i smoke
 for once im out of weed   who wants pull up and watch anime with me
 so nobody wants to smoke
 theres a reason why i smoke my weed. nerves too bad for all of this that i be going through
 i want to have my first legal drink at a run down bar for some reason. you know the old ones you can still smoke in and drown in your tears
 i dont even smoke but this ones good  
 him i dont care if i smoke if it means i get to fuck you again. me thats the most romantic thing youve ever said to me
 ion understand how yall drink alcohol and smoke weed bra that  is nasty bro like i cant do it never have never will
 i want yall to understand that liquor and weed dont solve a damn thing.....face yall damn problems
 i dont smoke    the backwoods do
 dont be that friend who peer pressures your friend. if they dont want to drink or smoke let them be.
 i just want weed and blackjack pizza
 to all the people that call weed dope plz stop 
 dont send me pictures or videos of your nasty ass weed and say hit me for tree i dont want that shit 
 i dont inhale my weed i swallow it 
 there can only be one  @ bbqr916 smokehouse and brewpub 
 its weed bro yall love playing like its a hard core drug. wasting the bud amp shit. 
 we dont smoke the same
 she want dinner and a movie and some gucci i dont even gotta ask if we gettin sushi... im smoking potent you smoking good weed 
 i get so much done when i dont smoke at night holy
 dont even hmu to smoke if you dont have backwoods 
 the worse day ever in my life today  and i dont want to smoke the pain away no more. god im sure you have your reasons
 lol @xxshamari dont want no more smoke in 
 they dont want no smoke they dont want no drama
 i just want to smoke out wtf
 when the weed amp alcohol n endless nights of going out dont satisfy you anymore dont come looking for me. you made your choice.
 she doesnt know about that smoke life  
 i dont even smoke and a i need a blunt to the dome
 i smoke tobacco amp not crack thanks
 just wanna let everyone know that i do not smoke crack
 i dont even smoke like that but right about now i can use a blunt to balance these lows im having
 niggas dont want smoke with matt barnes tho  
 talk that smoke  brodie 
 i can out smoke out anybody i stg 
 lets have a cigarette and then ill leave uh no  i want weed
 me when i dont have naything to smoke out of 
 she one of the girls who smoke to look cool but then thinks she high as fuck 
 bro i used to be a big pothead i used to spend hundreds on weed a wee  
 dumbass niggas that only know how to get high and spend money on weed coming to me asking to let them borrow 30 for food. fuck off.
  i dont overly drink to get waisted   i dont smoke or do drugs  i respect my parents and honor everything they sacrificed for me
 all cause she roll my weed 
 @tyaaanaraee i dont smoke anymore
 all my friends ask me to smoke and its sad that i dont anymore... so tempting 
 when i tell the jamaicans on my block i dont smoke weed  
 as much as i say i dont want no nigga  i want somebody who can smoke with me  laugh with me and eat with me.  so simple 
 want to smoke 
 @markhoppus it isnt attractive because if i am older than her and just like smoke and dont let her be apart of my life.
 i dont think i smoke enough. cheech amp chong my motivators
 i want some weed man 
 i dont smoke like i used to
 its gets annoying when im constantly telling people i dont smoke. 
 i dont see how people smoke weed everyday  and idk how people drink everyday
 just pills  dont put my friend weed in it  
 idk how my skin manages to look decent when i drink more alcohol than water and smoke a pack a day
 i have no idea how people who dont smoke weed watch biglittlelies its just so much to take 
 i want to smoke but i know i shouldnt
 this why i dont smoke with white people... 
 they dont want no smoke  they dont want no issues ...
 rt if you dont smoke crack.
 this guy just asked me if i wanna hang out but i know he doesnt smoke so i know what hes trying to do lmaooooo
 actually  i dont even smoke. 
 obsessed with the tv show weeds 
 we want all the smoke.
 if your boyfriend lies to you about him not smoking weed and doing a few drugs  he probably doesnt love you girl
 whats with the sanctuary city or state i dont get it its so simple its just about weeding out imported criminals  like drug cartels
 think im the only girl who doesnt smoke lol
 i got people sayin i smoke too much drugs too  because i love to. i tell em fuck you. straight up to they face  straight up to they face.
 we smoke too much
 but to be fair... wine and cannabis can be a slippery slope
 @bookiekilla22 smoke crack
 i usually get high amp fall to sleep but damn i smoke so much it dont phase me anymore 
 im mad that weed is the drug that stays the longest in your system
 this is a gremlin after doing one marijuana. drugs kill  kids 
 watching 13 reasons and this boy is tryna buy an eighth of an ounce of weed for 60 and i am shook
 oh and i dont smoke as much because of what i learned from that experience. you know how much money i save 
 iendmydayby counting how much money i made and how many things i have to be grateful for also weed and netflix. 
 i love weed bro
 nicole just told me she smoked 3 liters of weed today idk what that means
 ppl talk shit amp stereo type bcuz i smoke weed  little do they know wo it i get anxiety attacks. sorry not sorry
 lol im not in my feelings but weed make you think 
 you would have more regular money if they didnt spend it on weed tho. 
 i dont have no weed
 nobody i know in chicago smoke
 i honestly could never be a stoner shit high a g 10  if you smoke a g a day that 70 a week. i could by make up with that so ill pass
 only sandra will ask for a smoke break during homework when she hasnt even started lol...its 1 am
 @donjuang thanks blood brotha and dope smokes u already know
 you ever get a paycheck and feel so tempted to just buy an ounce of weed cause same 
 the only time i get really hungry is when i smoke and i dont even want snacks i want a whole meal
 only damn white people do shit we would never even think of.... makes weed look so bad 
 currently watching mad men and it makes me want to smoke all the cigarettes. also  weve come a long way with sexism.
 fuck niggas dont like smoking weed in the tub wit they bitch 
 this dude smokes hella weed but its cali weed so is it even really weed
 i didnt smoke no grass today  but thats because i love to play  so who am i to take away  what makes you feel this great 
 forgot how much i actually like weed lol
 kind of disappointed in myself  i really cant sleep if i dont smoke
 3.only keep the smoke bombmaybe money bomb 4.allocate resources into overcoming parkourcombat roadblockslike animation freezes etc
 she rollin weed and she dont even smoke
 making sure homeless people dont smoke crack in underpasses 
 i was lyin like smokey when i said i was done with rap. i be lookin at all these rappers like who the fuck is that  playinwithfire
 winowip d5 beer. but dix much prefers smoking weed. he even grows some in greenhouse in the mars colony. 
 so i went to bed @ 7 oclock last night i must say i do feel well rested but i just smoked a blunt so when i come dwn imma be sleepy 
 just cause i joke and smoke a lot doesnt mean i dont tote the glock
 i hit a line of white  i smoke a dub of green niggas call it purple  what the fuck you mean
 so much shit be on my mind so all i do is smoke...
 uh no. coal and tobacco dont need to come back. legalizing weed would save eky economy. grows like crazy in the mo 
 bitch dont even smoke  
 im the friend   when your parents see us together they know we either jus smoked  smoking or about to smoke istolethis
 how to weed the fuck boys out i only make love.
 they dont want kno smoke 
 she dont even smoke just hit it once while light it
 i blow the smoke amp disappear like a magic show.
 its people that smoke they never even heard mary jane lmao
 girl sitting behind me i dont drink or smoke i like to twerk  thats my thing
 we want all the smoke
 missouri people please educate yall selfs on this new marijuana before yall end up in jail tryna flex and be extra bro
 missouri people please educate yall selfs on this new marijuana law before yall get to clowning and being extra yall a be in jail
 dis rapper weed im smokin on makes me miss cali 
 i havent smoked weed in over a year  i never really made a conscious decision not to  i just dont anymore.
 damn  its a beautiful day... to smoke some dope .
 idk bout yall i dont smoke so i dont even be high but if god text me i might lose my mind lmfao 
 ppl who brag about drinking amp smoking weed are so lame yeah well ppl who brag about pretty much anything are lame so like...
 the kansas city people have spoken  and apparently they like the marijuana. im very shook 
 @platisa just another dude who sells weed and thinks that makes him some huge drug lord
 @kiasmithwrites freestyle to @1future he dont want no smoke  
 im a give em smoke  
 i dont think people that work in the medical field should be allowed to smoke on their breaks 
 i really dont understand how people smoke cigarettes.
 bout just sit back and smoke my crack
 some celebrate with deadly alcohol. i celebrate with cannabis because we still have zero 
 ivy city smokehouse market fresh seafood thebestseafoodrestaurant @ ivy city smokehouse 
 @verge not heroin or cocaine or even booze but weed for jesus sake 
 i have real friends. they dont smoke but they sit and talk to me while i smoke
 off to spray some weeds. dont be a weed. roundup
 big sean wants no smoke with kendrick
 just trying to smoke a blunt and dont have a grinder 
 the unintended consequences of legalizing recreational marijuana in colorado... 
 niggas talking all the bullshit on twitter but they dont want no smoke
 why is your name based on 420 when you dont even smoke @chrisaguilera96
 do u even smoke
 sometimes i think to myself i need a cigarette then i remember i dont smoke im just stressed.
 if me and my hoes link up w u and your dusty niggas and you dont smoke us out im gonna ask you for some money or my round bc who are you
 im saying they hate on weed a little too hard  
 crazy when u got 6 heads and nobody got money to smoke. guess im facing lol. then you got niggas who think they got it like that 
 i havent smoked for 4 days im dying bro  but with this money ima make im bout to buy me an oz when i land back
 talkin bout i dont pay to smoke lmao. do you know how u sound right now
 please dont smoke cigarettes while pregnant.. please.
 if i didnt smoke gas i know how much bread ill have
 i wish ppl would actually think for themselves smh  . sellin lil weed and robbing ppl is not a lucrative business
 going to the each  to smoke out of my ong  and read a ook   who wants to ome with me.
 acting like u do but dont want smoke 
 tell me who the plug i need some smoke 
 understand when you make this commitment that means you can no longer smoke with hood niggas. 
 lmao im sorry but i only like free smoke on this drake album
 no papers no blunts dont feel like walking to the store and dont want to smoke a bowl...........fuck
 ill pretty much smoke anywhere
 if you dont smoke dont pretend to
 just let a nigga like me win the lottery then smh i dont smoke cigs or do any drugs or drink at all. id just buy 
 what if ppl smoked alcohol
 boy im in colorado smokin california reefer
 im pissed tf off yo i dont even want to go back to work tbh i just want to go home smoke pop these xans amp drink all night
 he dont want no smoke with lance  
 that lil money yall niggas be flashing i smoke that shit 
 just gonna save my money and smoke these ounces... real slow stoner
 good weed and cold drinks thats the motherfucking recipe.
 call me a health freak but hemp milk is so. good.  yall seriously have to try it.
 i would have so much money if i didnt smoke lol
 i cant date anymore dudes that smoke weed.
 you on your own g i love smoking and a girl who smokes too  you worried bout the wrong things lol 
 i dont want a smelly ass hoe stinkin up my room and my whip  shit smells worse than my weed
 cant wait to make mad money this summer just to spend it on weed and clothes
 i aint gansta i aint ready for this life now i stay around gs that smoke weed thats my lifestyle
 mfs aint nun idgaf how much weed u put in em 
 maybe stop buying weed and buy food of idk
 that nigga is about to fucking float. dipped the weed in chic fil a sauce 
 i dont need model  i dont need a movie star just smoke with me baby smoke with me baby lay with me baby laught wi 
 nah that nigga really did all that shit for a 10 bag of weed smmfh
 id rather pop percs than smoke weed
 fake people get weeded out  dont be mad.
 if i could pop percs and sip lean every day i wouldnt even need weed but i actually care about my health so nah.
 @dailycaller smoke em if you got em loser
 @xgriffx no i just dont like people who smoke weed....
 i really just want to smoke a cig
 we want all the smoke
 wtf do yall smoke 
 kassy dont want no smoke 
 i dont smoke that much anymore 
 dont smoke rocks
 my turn.  triple threat because i dont pass  24  with my 4  4s  whos hoe  oh thats yours bro  shes smoked because i blew her o
 putting the cigs down soon as i get off house arrest i just be needing something to smoke on
 i want to go to the river and smoke and drink margaritas 
 weon smoke swishers lol they break to easy
 gsu dont want no smoke with us lmao
 i dont drink anymore  i dont smoke anymore   what happened
 lol weed 
 im probably one of like 5 people on my tl that doesnt smoke or do drugs lmao
 bro im high as shit and i didnt even smoke 
 i just want to inject 10 marijuanas lmao fuck today
 people love posting pics of weed and drugs on snap like ok we get it  you a drug addict.
 why women think you mean cuz you dont want them over to smoke up your weed all the time
 yall dont want no smoke with gsu 
 i repeatthe auc dont want no smoke with gsu
 when ashley get beat tf up for all that carrying on she bet not call me  ion want no smoke wit tj
 i wanna smoke so bad but is it really worth county jail
 as usual trump is throwing lots of confusion  smoke amp mirror to distract from health care and investigations. dont relieve pressure
 ps @snoopdogg dont look at that one tweet where i imagined your life without weed  it will only hurt you and i didnt mean it
 dont let smoke blind your vision with attempts to quell the flames 
 i had someone tell me last night that the guys i find an interest in are too soft because they dont sell heroin or weed... 
 thats right some people want no regs on opioids but then want to ban smoking  vaping  and eating medical cannabis 
 im always facing ... ion ever smoke with anybody   i just end up smacked
 ion do shit but eat good food  smoke good weed  and make a lotta money
 criminals want marijuana legalized so bad now theyre saying it will ease heroin addiction. every junkie knows thats a lie proverbs 1220
 im never buying weed again im tired of waiting on people shits fucking annoying
 anybody down to do something  down to smoke
 heard a nigga want beef im servin free smoke 
 i just want to make one thing clear. no i do not smoke weed. yes i still know how to have a good time.
 i feel really good today i didnt smoke or drink coffee and i drank some tea 
 you want smoke  
 i love when people call my house and think im my mom so they ask me for weed
 i cannot relate to how ppl say they smoke so much they dnt have an appetite unless they smoke ......i eat so much more since i been smoking
 @hoemayaaa @harrisjofficial we dont smoke weed in woodbridge sorry  lets go downtown
 when my weedman hasnt hit me back in 45 days amp then texts my phone  my bad i got you 3 for 25  me thinking  nah you lost my clientele
 get money   smoke weed   and laugh together is all i ask for 
 i hate soul food amp chocolate. id rather listen to pop or country then trap music. i dont smoke 
 can someone please buy me this fucking bottle oh my fuck ill smoke a blunt w you
 honestly if youre not smoking weed with me or selling it to me dont talk to me.
 sadly i packed all my pipes and put them in my closet. i just dont pipe smoke anymore i smoke cigars now. im just not a pipesmoker anymore
 hate when im smoking a cigarette and people like why u just dont smoke weed like why dont u just mind ur business
 i dont want to smoke by myself
 when people find out i dont smoke or drink and then ask what do i do i say i eat 
 im the first person to smoke a cig in kaits new car..... dont know if i feel happy or sad
 i want some weed
 bro i got my teeth pulled and im sad as fuck bro i kant even smoke pissed 
 people at parties or kick backs ask me why i dont drink but smoke... i like to watch you get fucked up and crack up 
 read an article about traveling with weed and now im even more confused than before
 i really want to smoke a blunt lt3
 definitely yall shit always smell like weed lol 
 definitely yall shit always smell like weed lol 
 my face when my boss says shell pay me for coming in on my day off in weed and products.. 
 yall really be some fucking crackheads for weed lmao. how weed control you lmao
 @erictrump @trumpwinery example  people killing babies with lethal gasses drink more than alcohol  smoke more than 
 the main reason why im tryna smoke so bad right now
 happy birthday to my future smokeshow wife. you dont know it yet but were gonna live happily ever after
 she dont even smoke but she swear i got that dope
 niggas be spamming fuckin smoke grenades on here. shit not even smart  cant nobody see the damn map
 if yu dont feel no type of way them stealing his little weed we clearly know yall steal
 me do you smoke weed  uber driver not anymore  me get out
 bad people dont smoke back woods
 after i smoke i just want to clean everything
 i spent 11k on weed last year for my business. 
 i want to smoke
 i cant believe my budman say he dont sell weed no more  like what i should line this nigga 
 @pitasss youre hot breathe and the rain will make youre windows fog so popo wont think its smoke that how
 im trynna smoke some tubro and gelato @youngdolph @chiefkeef  
 lmfaoooooo young thug said they  dont got good weed 
 i know some christians that pretend to be perfect who dont smoke or drink but are still pieces of shit
 i dont even smoke omgahhh 
 ive smoked backwoods before  i just dont like them. shit hurt  
 pure hemp baby 
 when your neighbors call the police and tell them that youre smoking weed  
 when asked for a cig i always respond with i dont smoke sorry.  to let them know i make better life choices.
 i be missin smoking... but i dont actually wanna smoke 
 you can hit my weed for 1 a hit baby  you is not smoking for free this shit cost whore .
 im convinced smoke just want me here so he know i aint doing nun or going out 
 yall dont smoke how i be smoking
 all i know is you dont want no smoke  
 backwoods overload dont like to smoke those swishers hoe
 she picks me up  i am grounded forever and my pink razr is confiscated  i abandon my carl dreams. 6 years later im in college lookin 4 weed
 dont smoke or do drugs kids ..... but if you do make sure to invite me  
 i hate smoking outside dont call me to match if we cant smoke in your house you fucking weenie
 if you just smoke weed all day everyday you are not making moves to be a better person for our future
 i thoroughly enjoy my off days... i dont do shit but smoke and catch up on my shows
 sometimes i honestly just want to smoke a fucking blunt and not give a fuck about a god damn thing
 i hate when the weed plugs makes me snapchat them. the government isnt interested in your dime bag selling ass 
 can i have a supply of weed and access to any takeout i want ..if yes  then i would also say yes easily 
 these iphone stickers are worse than joe camel. encouraging kids to be even more addicted to their phones. id rather smoke any day
 dont smoke
 snorts one weed 
 say no to dope. infuse the smoke. 
 not complaining cause free weed but still
 nigga that doesnt make weed any less of a drug 
 poppin pills not my thing but ill smoke tf out a blunt witchu
 jus kuz dat shit look good dont mean it smoke good baby get that mid outta here.
 why did i smoke then try to work on fashion show. i spent like 30 mins fitting the sleeve cuff the wrong way.
 @1tasia you dont even smoke
 i dont give free rides  you either smoke w me or pay me  dont try to trade shit 
 who want smoke 
 i dont even smoke but i really need to smoke
 any1 else throw up when they dont smoke qeed all day
 cavs shitting on these niggas...anyways who tryna smoke some bag
 @brhodes how much dope do u smoke daily brother
 bitches dont really want no smoke   they just stressed amp broke..pay em no mind
 i stay home alot  no tv just thoughts  and a heap of good weed
 not buying weed until the end of this month finna see how much i can save in a month
 life was all good when we was in middle school  buying .5 of weed  and smoking mini swishers.
 @mynamesdiana stop smokeing cigs baby
 everybody knows ion smoke  
 dont smoke weed  its the devils lettuce  it will kill you  go to church instead  stoners are loners  weed is not a need
 smokin weed ridin fast like that shit not illegal
 too bad i dont drink or smoke 
 yall so wrapped up in going to the coolest party and talking to the hottest people that ya pockets are empty amp you ask ur mom for weed money
 but i dont even smoke
 mfs really dont want smoke tho
 dont spread weeds to make your garden look better 
 how yall scream  its smoke for everybody  but not even like that 
 @abxgaxlg i dont just smoke em 
 lmfaoooo then come to the session with weed and no roll up  
 thats so much weed 
 look at that boy. he got his own money. he sell his own dope. he smoke his own gas. he got his own hustle allmyniggasgottheyownshit 
 i dont even smoke .... but i need to get high 
 ion ask for shit i just do the favor but when i need one everybody want weed out of it smh
 ion smoke anyways 
 when one of your boys doesnt smoke  but he says he got 5 
 who wants to smoke each others blunts simultaneously
 shoot the weed man if the dope ain smoking 
 currently about to smoke a blunt and watch mighty ducks. dont bother me.
 i smoke way too much 
 i dont smoke to get high
 @kaliblaze you good  i saw u was about to smoke cereal earlier
 dont offer to smoke me up and pull out swishers tf what are you 13
 i eat so much after i smoke its ridiculous
 dopest dope  hands down  dopest dope i ever smoked. 
 shoot the dope man if the weed dont smoke  playin w my drink this shit aint sealed
 only 2 things would make this night even better weed or some dick from oomf 
 dont talk loud when you talk to me  bitch i fuck round and smoke you 
 just cant wait to be on my roof   pop a few   smoke a few and get mental sky pics
 dont ask me to smoke all  its over with  mfs tryna better themselves
 @taylorrrbelle if yall cool asl mfs should just wanna smoke with you.  like im not one of your niggas
 i cannot stress this enough. i hate the smell of weed.
 dont nobody smoke swishers n cali 
 i dont know what im doing anymore  one thing i hate about when i smoke is i get in my feelings bruuh   i hate that shit but i be chill af
 niggas dont want no smoke this boy is crazy
 these niggas dont want no smoke. 
 the day i need a blunt the most  literally nobody wants to smoke with me 
 i hate when dudes got shit to say to females about. you dont smoke gas like stfu
 little do they know i dont smoke .  crazy how everyone has literally put the damn blunt in my mouth amp i still didnt smoke .
 today my doctor told me that you can withdrawal from marijuana  but xanax isnt addictive ... western medicine
 i was given moonrocks by my uncle and i dont even smoke anymore like that 
 people who dont drink or smoke dont actually live longer  it just feels like they do.
 like you can ask anybody i smoke w   idc if anyone sees me smoking a blunt on the street like idc
 other people be hiding on a spot just to smoke like nigga were just smoking i dont see the big deal
 my neighbor tries to seem relatable by lying about smoking weed and she always ends up sounding like a middle school boy.
 they dont want no smoke they dont want no issues 
 i just rode my bike 4 miles to go pick up weed and i dont regret one mile of it
 @ziggyjg which is cool. its just she knows we smoke a lot so she says things like i got so stoned last weekend
 niggas love asking do you smoke. im good g
 no you cant smoke in my car idc if i dont drive it no more
 maddy says to me you want me to keep some of your weed i know you  you and jacob are gonna smoke it all so fast she knows me so well
 ion know if you dont smoke we probably cant even be friends fr 
 i spend enough of my money on weed im not finna waste it on parties too
 me tries to save money by not buying weed also me spends money on alcohol
 free weed on foster and 82nd lmao 
 yall dont want no smoke. 
 @matthewiwinski ion even be on that no more bro im too use to the marijuana high  420 imma smoke enough for the both of us my brotha 
 i got a pipe as a gift today  i dont even smoke.
 dont like smoking weed unless im drunk
 he dont like bitches who smoke. i dont like niggas who dont
 honestly fuck man made drugs this shit is stupid  id rather just smoke a plant thats basically harmless to me.
 i wanna hit the joint like 2x and ion even smoke 
 @handelaa @nicoherburger eat drugs  smoke salmon
 panera would have sold for 500 a share if they kept the smokehouse turkey panini around thats all im saying
 i grew up with a nigga that smoked the boat and lost his mind. to this day i dnt think he knows who i am anymore.
 ion even smoke all like that anymore but i definitely feel like i need it rn k
 all i want to do is smoke dope and travel bro
 ion smoke during the day no more
 bad day smoke a blunt. good day smoke 2 of em. 
 i remember when we took a trip to sf and took a zip of weed for only 4 of us and we didnt even do shit cause we were too high 
 but why does everything always have to be about weed or drug related   like i can never realate 
 oh no no no baby smoke so much dont need some visine 
 really want to smoke but hate the fact i gotta smoke in my bathroom and im just utterly bothered tonight
 if you smoke cigarettes to deal with stress youre officially a bitch
 i want to smoke a dutch so bad rn but i would just be smoking to sleep nd tmro i dont want to wake n bake cuz that kills my late night high
 none of you man want heat and none of you man want smoke
 i dont know if hes driving a fucking weed wacker orrr
 you know what tomorrow ima treat myself .... weed amp sleep repeat repeat respeat
 thanks to weed i finally know what kate bush is
 in fucking stoned bruh  kayla didnt want to smoke 
 looks like someone mightve smoked too much starleaf   alien ufo  
 music and marijuana the only reasons why i havent snapped on a few mfs yet to be honest 
 ima start smokin weed again
 i want some weed 
 i dont smoke so my contact highs be official lmao
 i love her like puy money  weed
 i smoke weed cause i like the taste of goood mf weed 
 all the smoke in the lounge and talking so much gave me a sore throat cocktailwaitressproblems
 he said coo buds like crack i dont smoke it i just sell it 
 smoked some weed called northern lights that shit is dope af  1010 would recommend 
 we all used to show up to each other shows in wynwood smoke amp flex and plot on future goals.
 here are 100 scientific studies proving cannabis cures cancer 
 .@presssec dont talk about stuff you dont know. marijuana is not the opioid epidemic. are you a doctor or a cop
 i have to disagree. i smoke everyday all day and i dont even get nervous. im always calm. i have never had anxiety 
 i spend more on backwoods then niggas spend on weed 
 i want the anti smoking commercial ppl to know for every ad i see im gonna smoke a cigarette out of spite. truthiswhack
 that moment you give a nigga permission to smoke in your car and he pulls out a crack pipe
 when i say light up shit really mean im trying smoke your weed and then pack you the fuck up 
 i need someone that has goals as big as my own not someone who smokes 247 barely passing  flexing 247 amp not thinking about their future
 its fucked up because i know that medicinally i could take a small hit of marijuana right now amp feel so much better. fuck being sick 
 @oreillyfactor fem.friend says u drink hard liq.amp too much  dont smoke but should smoke pot instead  probably perv. but she loves u anyways
 dont tell me when i can and cant smoke weed in my own house
 i find it weird how people be like hmu for weed  but ask u if you know where to get a gram  lmfao whut i thought you had it son
 onlyincolorado totinos pizza rolls now has a series of marijuana themed advertisements betterwhenbaked sothatswhativebeendoingwrong
 dont stress over me baby girl smoke dope
 i think i smoked too much before the gym
 trying to find a reason not to to smoke amp my ride says shes gonna be late so thats good enough as any right
 uh  huh.  ryan is now taking orders from presidentbannon on the health care debacle.  put that in your smoke and p 
 i dont even smoke i just make life lit
 @shamiyamaxine ion smoke 
 the weed really be putting ya boy to sleep early just to be up early asf lmao
 why nfl owners wont end marijuana testing even though they dont want it anymore  via @deadspin
 why nfl owners wont end marijuana testing even though they dont want it anymore  via @deadspin
 patients that tell me toothpaste is poison but smoke a pack of cigs every day.. wutttt 
 proof weed is a gateway drug. i stay eating these when im stoned 
 i smoke too much... but then again what exactly is too much 
 i literally spend all my money in weedjust to get it right back
 all i care about is dope vibes and weed anyway....i dont care what shade you are..
 if all you do is smoke amp do nothing productive  you smoke too much 
 .@jeffsessions  good people do not smoke marijuana. really i always thought good people were those who dont make racist comments.
 @trutherbotgreen frogs are so smart. they just smoke for camouflage. lol
 i dont smoke or drink and i dont pop pills ... im just high off life
 i called jhood the lox weed carrier on here once and he fired back saying my old profile pic made me look like a felon... shit happens
 i want to smoke weed at 5 with the guys from seafood again
 crack would be so much better than smoking weed omfg i hate white boys
 you cant change that the fact that someone you thought loved you doesnt anymore   so dont try. smoke a blunt  have fun and love life 
 good people dont smoke marijuana @jeffsessions what a ridiculous statement
 why you flexin boy you dont want no smoke
 you aint from 5th ward if you dont know pussy weed and alcohol....ijs
 i could smoke a wood amp be straight but when i smoked entourages i would be coughing od 
 psa walmart perfume does not cover up the smell of smoke no matter how much you put on
 wake up smoke dope
 regrann from teamnewlife1       regrann @ smokehouse beatsi made this for you 3ft 
 @krazycoowap niggas dont even be hittin me up to smoke so u lucky really
 i really b trippin if ion smoke
 i dont smoke but i see fliers with pre rolled trees for 420... i realize its free but i dont have that kinda trust.
 i dont like to smoke   but my second time dead wasnt as bad lmfao
 @ericwithano like if youre gonna spend money on fake syrup you might as well smoke a bowl ya fruitcakes
 i think smokey the bear used to say things like only you can prevent forest fires @npca 
 how you going to want to smoke weed but not smell like it  what the fuck
 its always the ppl who in hs used to talk shit bout smokin weed that snap me their weak ass blunts as if they have somethin to prove idgaf
 so i drink and i smoke and i ask if youre ever around
 regrann from datbag216    @applemusic @traplorddbeez thisismystory   regrann @ smokehouse 
 wow  woman smokes crack while in labor  ditches baby 
 people who smoke to calm themselves down dont realize that it has the opposite effect and causes you to be more on edge and anxious.
 girls that smoke cigs 
 im trying to smoke  he need to hurry back w. the drugs 
 fake niggas in yo mix you gotta weed em out 
 i done smoked w a elderly  she got cancer  she was like the doctor trying to make me pay all this  when i can g 
 dont want smoke  stay in your lane lmao 
 im sorry i dont sit around and smoke all day. i want things in life  so i gotta get shit done. not sit around hoping god got me.
  i dont smoke. 
 today my mom is making me pull weeds with her but i want to go home and play persona 
 ion smoke to be cute i smoke to get high lmao 
 these niggas dont want no smoke
 i been tryna save so bad but damn i need weed broo 
 my mom just looked at me and said no buying weed with the money dad put on your card 
 i dont smoke cigarettes  but i gave her a lighter.
 if you dont smoke thats cool and all but dont hit me with that smoking is bad for you bullshit cause ill smack a bitch
 @indiahemp i legit just tweeted i dont smoke weed so why the fuck.. would you feel the need to follow me.
 i dont smoke  nothing against it i just enjoy my jack or scotch a lot more. i think what adults 
 pop pop pop like pepsicoke  the best we smoke  plus that tan look like you flew in from mexico
 all i can think about is immediately after graduation i want to smoke the fattest blunt  eat the most food and drink all of the alcohols
 people who dont smoke dont understand that i am the same person high as i am sober just sedated
 haha this dude came up to me and asked me if i know anyone who sold marijuana.  i dont know what to say about this encounter.
 be intentional about what youre sowing today pull weeds as soon as they pop up.
 i occasionally  rarely drink  i never do drugs and i do not smoke
 william and baby william want yall to know that kids under 5 get in free to salt n smoke on 
 who wants to smoke with me after school 
 i said i was gon stop smoking...... but my nerves wayyyyy too bad. id piss off at least 30 more ppl a day if i dont smoke
 smoke weed  ignore the haters and make your money 
 thingsiwontapologizefor saying smoking is fucking gross amp i dont feel sorry for the smokers who suffer before death abovetheinfluence
 deadass  i dont understand people who are stingy with weed  smoking people up aint nothin 
 good weed and pain pills
 i dont like this. it shouldnt take an hour to smoke one blunt wtf. 
 im bout to chain smoke like 10 cigs right now and idc 
 what they say is true  growing weed does make you a chick magnet  springbreak 
 i just be lowkey to myself  smoke my weed and make my money while minding my business
 i feel like im the only person who dont smoke
 except when u smoke crack 
 if you cant drink  dont try to drink with me  if you dont smoke fr  dont smoke with me  it dont stop 
 rather be the first nigga to od off weed 
 @liesseismia fuck you   at least i dont smoke meth
 @politico smoke and mirrors. trumprussia i dont buy this fake news story. presidentbannon would never let this happen.
 i need to buy weed and oil but i dont know which shop to even go to
 @josu4040 im the most courteous smoker ever dont playyyyy
 have yall ever smoked so much that you get too tired to hit the blunt anymore
 @josu4040 u dont even smoke pussy boy
 i dont want ur weed stop sending me pics of ur shit talkin bout 10 a g 15 a g get outta here
 some people smoke so much .. that you can literally tell by there face and that shit aint cute 
 i can smoke again after this drug test... yet ion know any plugs that sell weed not pills in fredericksburg
 i smoke too much
 @andrearussett bro if youre in amsterdam and dont buy hella weed im gonna be very disappointed in you
 never do drugs.... weed doesnt count 
 i hate when ppl ask me to match like who like to smoke and be broke all day not me
 my car smells like pickles and cigarettes i dont even smoke cigs 
 the boy talkin so much shii on free smoke lol
 @nowthisnews he smokes cigarettes no
 i dont smoke crack muthafucka i sell it
 does anybody have a weed plug in miami  asking for a friend 
 drink some water. and this is what crackmeth does to you not weed 
 i be needing an oxygen tank when i smoke  i stay saying i need some air 
 a girl just told me its so unattractive that i smoke weed. but ion care thats how i cope with nagging ass people 
 dat boy causing hell in da joint the cos dont want no smoke  
 dont hit me up to smoke if youre just trying to smoke my shit lol i dont mind sharing but... alllllll the time
 niggas dont want no smoke niggas dont want blunt 
 @daribroko @youtube the shit he did wit smokepurpp was surprisingly dope
 honey  when youre panhandling  dont smoke. see  cigarettes are expensive. so you do have money. 
 i dont smoke..never even tried it and never will. i be getting paranoid when someone even smokes around me.
 bro plugs need to quit playing with these lil ass baggies foo  cant even fit my big ass fingers in them hoes to get the weed
 @jessicagoldstei @angelarye and dont like food to touch. a segregated plate  grits is basically the marijuana of breakfast.
 @scientistmel im doing a few science experiments with cannabis right now  yes the results are in  you actually feel better after smoking it
 lol who smokes swishers dumb ass 
 okkkkk my car dont even smell like weed anymore yall be tryna play me...
 pop 20 bottles  smoke 100 blunts.
 ive smoked so much in la and i dont even smoke
 i literally just want to lay around and eat sour skittles and online shop and smoke cigarettes 247 please leave me alone
 whos in kcmo amp wants to drink amp smoke with me on my balcony
 yall hows smoke anybody pack 
 i feel like mars would want me to drink a six pack and smoke a blunt up in the mountains today
 nigga try smoke me up he expect more so i smoke by myself dont have time for the bs 
 like you might as well have aids if you smoke cigs in my opinion cause you never gone see me around you
 i dont play bout my sisters anybody can get some smoke 
 i dont smoke it if it aint fuego
 i wanna smoke so bad bro but idk if theyll  drug test me or not 
 if i say im rollin some dope that means weed. yall stupid  no one that does actual dope has teeth as pretty as me fuck outta here.
 some days i want to get tattoos amp dread my hair amp smoke joints all day. then other days i love how clean cut i am. idk man
 i dont know what weed you be smoking but... 
 oh  so now dont nobody smoke cigarettes
 ima loner but marijuana make me feel normal k.dot
 if you get a sore stomach juat lay down or have a smoke
 @tayruga im saying so what u want smoke or sum cause ion get what u saying ku
 i told my mom i dont even smoke anymore amp i need a blunt. she said  when did you stop smoking 
 damn  yall really smoke cigarettes
 if you dont live in a green state i feel bad for you  not really fuck you smoke your work and cough hard  simpletons.
 i make to much too smoke a gram fatbacks 
 bro i smoke amp stay out the way
 i dont usually dont mind  but if youre the kind of person that asks every smoker you see for a cigarette.. gtfo
 how can anyone date someone who smokes cigs 
 we buy zips just to smoke em now  but if you need some just know im taxin.
 so i walk out the store with two packs of rellos and this cop says what those for sonny i said put weed in em and smoke it
 i smoke and i know things. thats what i do.
 i dont know how people can smoke  drink and party every weekend. that shit played out
 you have to be kidding me  weeds already 
 i dont smoke no more but omg this is sooo cute  
 im tired of you hos smokin weed in the bathroom and dropping the ashes on my toilet seat 
 makin my money and smokin my weed
 i dont smoke. i dont drink. i dont party i just be chillen now a days
 no one drinks for the taste anymore  they want to get drunk amp forget amp no one smokes weed cause they like the taste  it makes them happier
 nelly why dont you smoke  are you pregnant  me no bc i dont like it and no wtf 
 yall so called plugs still buying weed from in town niggas growing that shit in they back yard.
 varsity softball team dont want this smoke 
 but really why does a legal state still drug test for marijuana so annoying.
 every time i smoke with my boy he complains about me putting too much weed in the blunt 
 i dont smoke skimpies 
 why u all on social media acting like u do but dont want smoke
 who wants to smoke 
 @jasramirez11 happy birthday baby i love you so much dont smoke too much  
 this nigga really just put salt on his weed to make it seem like he had crystals on his shit 
 youre really not suppose to smoke cough syrup thats some crack head shit  
 when old black ladys ask you to hold there weed while they look for money 
 i want all the smoke baby girl lesskitittttt  say no mas . 
 i love weed so much bc it gives me a big appetite
 and i dont even smoke 
 the least trump can do is legalize marijuana  for all the damn stress this nigga is about to put us through the next 4 years.
 @liamg83 whata guy. on the up and up then this. this why he could make weight. smoke weed  then eat out the fridge.
 eric gets in trouble for weed yall acting like shits meth i be smoking like twice a day 
 @helloimbasedgod whats up you dont want no smoke 
 cigs yes  weed never 
 inhaling the smoke is key if you aint doing it wtf you smokin for 
 @freedomcharles2 lol i dont smoke 
 im not saying you gotta smoke to be with me but dont try to change me and stop me from doing it . 
 me with no money is like a stoner wit no weed . wonthappen
 studies proved marijuana isnt the gateway drug its alcohol. duh lol
 na they all want u to smoke em out 
 @wetsocksteve cigs  i dont care about weed
 syria dont want smoke our military finna go off
 if anyone knows my dad hes the coolest nigga alive. bro smokes more then all of you
 why u on social media acting like u do but dont want smoke 
 yall know i smoke every morning so if anybody wants to match me hit the dm 
 i feel like shit i didnt even wanna smoke this morning.
 i dont smoke no reggie   i dont smoke no mid im always fuckin high i swear we might have kids
 i want weed
 i need to stop smoking cause when i dont have weed i be acting crazy
 @capokelc lol you already know that whole spot finna be smoked out bro
 i want to get on periscope but i dont want to be that one person that just smokes on periscope
 your weed dont make no sound
 ion really remember. something about smoking weed and being in africa. 
 she dont smoke but she smoke with me
 some people are all smoke and mirrors.  dont be some people.  mood
 @briannabutlerr as a smoker i can tell you personally we really dont give af 
 happy birthday bro smoke that smoke drink yo drank and enjoy your day bro @sodope
 sitting in an apartment selling weed all day just dont entice me like it used to
 damn all da weed i be smokin stank
 i dont smoke cigarettes
 i really do luv blunts man. like the way a pearled blunt look and smoke is unmatched.
 @treyvon it saves me so much fucking weed i cant even hate
 @lizl0 shit i dont even smoke soo i wouldnt know how much weed cost
 on 420 no you cant smoke with me if you dont smoke.. not going through same thing as last year
 i want smoke  
 i dont smoke nearly enough cigars
 i literally jus smoke and laugh at mfs on twitter lol
 @glovaboii lol what that went over my head...i just want free weed man 
 most ppl that smoke this much sell too or have a hook up and chances are do not pay this much money but i see your 
 you can tell a lot about a guy by the type of weed he sells. yea youre trash just like that trash ass weed youre selling. 
 if you pay more than 10 a gram for weed you are being thoroughly finessed
 niggas that dont even smoke finna go buy some reggie real quick 
 i learned yesterday that theres people out there so addicted to smoking that they roll up smoke sage.  boi if u dont get cho ass.
 got the day off  gettin drunk  smokin weed and i want fried catfish so bad i dont know what to do with myself....
 if my kids ever smoke cigs im going to laugh at them
 regardless i dont look at weed as a  drug  but in reality it is..
 i smoke to much to remember this shit brayden
 nerves be bad af when ion smoke 
 now if you a pay attention the nigga had to have over two ounces on him to get in cuffs stop flexing with too much weed fam 
 ion even smoke tree any more
 this isnt even weed read the comments 
 smoke and fuck smoke and fuck we dont even date.
 amp he was all tryn to tell me he wants to smoke like he did yesterday  im not trying to take care of his punk ass
 i smoke like i dont know its killing me.
 religion professor mispronounces students name professor damn  thats what happens when you smoke weed before breakfast
 ill smoke when i want to  drink when i want to  and do what i want. i know you love me and care if im alive or not but you cant stop me.
 a cigarette smoker is the nastiest thing on the planet  i dont care who you are that shit is trifling
 i got alotta women thats really down for me  need a bad one ask when im rolling my weed
 i fw backwoods heavy but i will not front i smoke dutches too but i wont buy em  
 jeff sessions says if americans dont want him to enforce marijuana laws  they should change them 
 but i guess the amount of cigarettes smoked today just and the amount of money spent on illegal drugs this year isnt important to her 
 but i guess the amount of cigarettes smoked today and the amount of money spent on illegal drugs this year isnt important to her 
 so if the way i understand it is correct  they found lotsa weed that wasnt being sold to ppl in van
 my parents dont even smoke out of fruit flavor rellos lol
 @vinylartvisions  i dont do weed but 
 this guy in class found out i smoke amp thats all he wants to talk about with me 
 bruh i love seeing females on sc tryna sell weed.... yall asses gonna get robbed stop posting your shit 
 got money and cant even get some smoke man this shit is ridiculous.. lol
 customer hands me cash from a prescription pill bottle and says sorry if it smells like weed 
 and if youre going to smoke on sc please dont make me watch you waste ya damn weed. 
 @allirae3 i want all the smoke
 im quit smoking weed sorry not sorry im done forever never smoking weed ever again
 i wish i had the resources to self medicate with more than just marijuana and alcohol
 u say u want sum smoke nigga puff it up
 if becoming a crack head wasnt a possibility  said would smoke crack all fucking day no joke
 some people just need to smoke some weed and chill the fuck out... thats all im saying 
 @topshelftyson i find it healthy to channel things into slightly bad habits and eliminate the bad ones  shop to much smoke too much weed...
 yall dont want no smoke
 i got a really big team  and weed some really big ringssssss endlesssummerovereverything @ 
  i just want some weed man
 @vestigldrew i ran out of money for smoke and lasers so i dont even care anymore
 we smoke straight dope aint no seeds in it
 o you guys smoke fat   doesnt count if its dro or reggie  clowns
 smoke some weed. make some beats.
 crack a window we gone smoke this indo   saying that u still high from last night
 and she dont even smoke just hit it once while she light it 
 and she dont even smoke jus hit it once while she light it
 like i dont even smoke
 hold up you dont do drugs i smoke mothafucka i lean dog
 hm  weed must really make you lose weight
 yall do know that weed is illegal like even in states where its sold recreational you not suppose to just walk around smoking.
 what nah im in it fuck that i aint saying that secret i love weed man damn 
 iran dont want no smoke 
 this high key confused tf outta me and ion even smoke 
 yo im convinced i wouldnt smoke as much if i didnt live at home.
 you hoes wont fw cus i dont smoke yall up anymore and give yall rides  idc  yall fake asfuck and broke
 i dont even smoke weed bro. its lame now cuz everyone does it.
 even tho i cant smoke anymore 
 some people might think marijuana isnt a big deal  i mean you might kill a bag or doritos but youre not killing anyone prof
 i dont get why people say marijuana is a gateway drug  people who use cocaine have drank milk  so i guess milk is a gateway drug prof
 @bobo99102 @xoxoashleyadams i did not know if you smoke ashley i smoke two. reality i think the guy was talking about doing a hot scene.
 pussi niggas dont want no smoke
 @brothascomics bro  you gotta smoke some of this dank and check out this trippy african american light poster i jus 
  chris brown dont want no smoke he ducking that cancer lol 
 @theelectwoman08 right and niggas talking about they gonna be running marathons... you got weed confused with crack baby
 not many females smoke like i do  where yall at man
 broooo i swear if dex dont fucking show up tonight i got to smoke a ounce to tha face to ease the stress @famousdex
 @bvngsavvy237 ofc but still dont smoke as much as you  soon tho
 she smoke amp study and be bout her money 
 i dont even smoke but lately i been so tempted to. lol idk why man  just too much been going on. i need that get right
 i want to drink and smoke today but my friends all on some bs
 dont want no smoke lol 
 @iijeriichoii it also depends on person.  kevin smith smokes a lot of weed  but directs and does other creative things.  others do nothing.
 should i be sorry about loving weed so much
 im in the moe who want smoke just let me know 
 @iijeriichoii perception of weed some is  lazyorstoner bum. people have a hard time thinking of it as a recreation thing like alcohol
 does this contain tobacco  bunts mean tobacco.. green weed leaf wrap 
 college coaches always noticed that the kid was dope  but he smoked too much. dropped out of school  cause shit he didnt go too much
 finna just fuck around amp buy some weed
 fina smoke one and listen to this gelato
 thats it made up my mind buying a smoker and a trailer  
 who want smoke  even an ad look like a mf movie. @hunnitsworld313 x @designbycloudcc  @ amc 
 if i tell you i wanna be just friends with benefits and smoke some with you ... that shit dont mean i think you a hoe.. im too focused on
 @iijeriichoii i mean i live in sf i have no problem with it.  but to a lot of the countryworld  weed is much worse than alcohol
 i dont smoke but ill roll one
 im not even gonna act like i dont smoke anymore. but my tolerance has gone way down. i can really only smoke up to 2 blunts at a time
 finna drink bud light and smoke cigs with my neighbor all day
 @naynatey @iijeriichoii maybe where youre from. weed is still a big scary evil drug in most of the world
 one hit you wont want to smoke anymore
 im the coolest person ever to smoke amp just be joked tf out with
 exactly why i dont smoke anymore  send me those lol 
 i used to smoke all day everyday now i  dont smoke at all  what do i do wit life...
 when you dont smoke  
 if you say smokin weed dont help your headaches  you lyin
 yall dont want this smoke  
 i need to smoke  an i dont say dat a lot...
 just here to love and smoke mad blunts wid and make some money 
 the only person who knows how much i smoke is my dealer
 u dont even smoke
 8.45 for a pack of newports in d.c. glad i dont smoke
 are you kidding me u say an 18 year old cant smoke cigs or drink alcohol but think they can carry a concealed deadly weapon utpol utleg
 @warholss wya lets smoke sum bro
 i dont even smoke no more and this upset my soul ... why 
 i dont pop pills i smoke loud junkie
 i dont smoke cigs or cheat  
 @blackclan smokes swishers with the tobacco still in it
 swear fuck popping pills... where the weed at brotherhurryup
 finna lose the only people who cared about you but you got weed in your life so you good bro bro
 @dannyviatsa shut up you dont even smoke
 i dont smoke  so i dont want my room smelling like i do  my clothes  my weave...my bathroom
 the chainsmokers look too boring even to smoke.
 i dont even smoke lordt
 its okay. you want to start being a hoe again  weed  drinking  partying  fucking your sports up.. thats on u. i made u a better person.
 i just want to smoke amp enjoy the silence with someone right now.
 @thv11  is marijuana a gateway drug is sugar a gateway drug to chocolate or alcohol addiction youre either an addict or not.  no
 i want to fucking smoke nigga
 do any men still smoke a pipe anymore
 i dont smoke crack muthafucka i sell it
 i know you used to crush smarties up and and smoke it dont lie.
 i dont even smoke but i need it.
 i appreciate that the maple leaf emoji now actually looks like a maple leaf and not weed. ... but then again i dont really care anymore.
 dont tell me weed is bad when youre the one who is a grown adult with no self controlresponsibility.
 dont mind me im just high again smoking weed to get by again  no actually im lyin bc smoking it got me smilin
 stepmom if i want my kids to do any kind of drug i want it to be weed  gma yes i love that shit 
 if you smoke cigs dont fuck with me
 @beentrill @curiouscatme lmaoooo what drugs i do cause last time i checked ion even smoke or drink anymore 
 free smoke yall let me know my psn   @d1sands
 you really foul if you smoke cigs  dont @ me.
 i have to cop the malia shirt that chance the rapper created cause it says at the bottom we all smoke  its ok
 man i want a smokeshack burger from shake shack 
 guys dont smoke weed hhahahaha dom is literally me 
 dont ever mention kesean or baby g in a fuck thing. you got smoke wit me not them 
 somebody sell me some fuckin dope i been workin all day wit no smoke 
 you dont smoke 
 some people want alcohol  weed  or parties to have fun. all i want is a day at the range with clear skies and 40 000 rounds with an m2
 i dont wanna make love just get on your knees and smoke on these drugs
 i just want to drink   smoke   fuck
 me  aye homie i can hide you so you dont get deported.  homie  foo you cant even hide your weed.
 i know im sorry mama smoking marijuana
 all we do is get money and stay smoked up
 am i the only person with a man that calls me to make sure i dont need no weed if i aint call him that day
 my mom always told me if i wanted to smoke  smoke with her first. i wouldnt say safety reasons but  
 we smoke  we laugh  we rap  we talk about a vision
 need to be locked in a all white room with a pound of weed  my laptop  my camera and some spray paint and go crazy on some creative shit
 if you tryna smoke and dont have a pipe what do you use instead
 you know females smoke weed too right  
 @notoriousjig i drink ...dont smoke
 ain no such thing as you smoke too much rt
 people that dont get panic attacks or dont have depression can be so ignorant when it comes to people smoking marijuana.
 bro that weed brownie tweaking me out  right now 
 fire alarm going off in the building. prolly people just smokin weed..... should i stay in my room or.... 
 having this blunt stare at me is very tempting to smoke it
 who wants to smoke
 and thats directly to every girl who smokes stoges  yall know who u are lol
 @tittiesnterror me with weed smoking. i was never high amp mighty about not doing it but i just thought id never do it ya know
 imagine if chloe shows up in kingdom hearts 3 and asks sora if he wants some weed
 i dont smoke   but when i do   its definitely backwoods  the honey berry kind . 
 2 things i always got weed. money.
 why dont i have any friends who smoke and dont bail 
 amp destiny be hating from the sideline  she dont really want no smoke on the debate tip
 im single cause i smoke too much 
 nah weed is really medication
 ion even smoke 
 i just said you a jackass all i smoke is gas and mac said dont you ask me where the pole at where your clothes at
 i lost 80 worth of weed  life is good.
 lets get covered in flames and play some games in the smoke
 this is papas logic. ill smoke a cigarette when i get home then put the patch on me so i dont smoke anymore tonight. 
 i talk so much smack to my friends who smoke cigarettes. they get really upset with me. i tell them its just tough love.
 i dont smoke. idk what you talking bout  
 dont smoke 
 @oliviajennell you dont smoke no mo
 some of you bitches dont even know how to inhale the smoke
 when someone tells you theyre out of weed amp you know a guy who sells it 
 vince still want smoke 
 sus gave me a shotgun  yall kno im a fake smoker 
 i dont do no slippery slope. kindness aint a joke.disrespect will get you poke. n thts smoke
 i said food weed lol
 i dont do no slippery slope. kindness aint a joke.disrespect will get you poked. n thts smoke
 nbs i give anybody smoke over da fam
 i dont smoke  i dont drink  i dont party  i dont have hoes  i have goals  morals  walls  and edges but im still single 
 ion have nobody to smoke with
 them you smoke too much        me 
 them you smoke too much   me 
 @seznez @steampunkmuppet i dont smoke or drink much.  i do tonight so please forgive improper tweets.
 remaking smokey amp the bandit is a crime against humanity  real cars  real stunts and coors banquet dammit  against coors.
 @bxsed ion smoke no more  im a changed man
 if u ever judge how much i smoke  i wont pass to you
 we dont count the same cash or smoke the same weed
 they aint really with a nigga they just want to smoke my weed .
 im not the typa bitch to ask to be smoked out but daaaaaaaamn lol
 lol get off twitter. i know thats what your used to but im not your ex. im with my friends who have weed cuz you 
 fuck that nigga now i got a reason to smoke that fool
 dont stress over me baby girl smoke dope 
 fuck the chocolate i want the weed yo. 
 smoking weed with my baby 
 bruh this mf looks creepy .. i smoke too much to have him as a pet. 
 if you want to smoke  get high baby  
 girls who smoke cigarettes  smell like the 75 off bath and body works sprays that nobody wants and smoke
 i was jp i dont smoke squares i feel so loved that people actually care for me  
 number one reason why i smoke by myself is because i dont like waiting on nobody to get high
 pet fucking peeve  dont waste my weed  
 i dont do mid grade weed  im only smoking og. 
 dont tell me weed is bad but you smoke cigarets tht just shows me how you know nothing about nothing  i love weed 
 i love smokin weed
 arian dont need to smoke bro 
 i have two stress relievers  weed or my bf amp im not getting either tonight lmao fml
 too bad i dont smoke lmfaoooooo  
 say weed  and not 
 why is it that the girls i want to talk to want to fuck with these ugly no ambition weed smoking baby momma having ass niggas 
 i dont smoke 
 my goal this month is to befriend a weed farmer
 oh yes i love her like pussy  money  weed....
 bowling green massacre is the reason i smoke so much crack kellyannconway
 @theblackballerz @mainefinfan @houtz lol tannehill will develop into brady and rodgers. i want whatever you smoke son
 i know nothing of a marijuana cigarette. i wouldnt know what a weed looks like
 yall getting taxed its 10 in tx and i dont even smoke 
 i dont smoke.
 some of yall dont even like smoking but smoke cause the next mf smoking
 i would save so much money if i stopped smoking weed
 have yall ever had one big l with two ls in it dont ever smoke that shit
 my mother dont smoke amp one thing for sure she make sure her kids on 10 toes.
 youll cowards dont even smoke crack is a real album name
 people always talking about they smoke tooka they dont let tooka smoke them  untill i throw ah dab or two in the blunt have you zoned
 you  smoke weed my good people might i suggest trying a dab. some may not know what dab is. its just simply pure thc. stay high my friends
 dont smoke 
 i smoke with the plug lol
 dont like to smoke dem swishers ho
 i dont smoke anymore..
 jk i dont even smoke wtf am i tweeting i needa get a life
 @bernicejuach u sound like a cool guy who wears leather jackets and smoke cigs
 i dont get how people can drink or smoke 247....
 first of all xans make you super slow then you throwing weed in the mix that make you even slower
 im cool wit a girl who smokes like ion really care bout that but if you on that bottle like crazy i cant do nothin witcha
 dont smoke kush its 
 2nd day not smoking weed anymore.
 i talk to humans not chimneys... ion fw females who smoke.. no disrespect to the ones that do smoke.. i just dont talk to em
 you know how people smoke crack well she chews ice this is how people introduce me
 nigga at my job said idk how to roll my bitches roll for me...i told him nigga you dont smoke then 
 when they said weed was a gateway drug they mustve been talkin to the niggas who smoke mids
 i hate when people hit me to see if i wanna buy zans or shrooms  basically anything but weed nah ion touch that shit damn lol let me live
 im really the chillest person to smoke with
 about to smoke myself into a coma
 ion like when my friends bring me to a kb and they introduce me to they friends n shit and them niggas try and smoke lol no ion kno yall 
 i smoke too much.
 when people say uh no i dont smoke weed  i only dab when i offer to smoke them out i get so confused like... its still thc like
 i just woke up from a weed coma
 today we celebrate smokey robinson the first negro but we dont call them that anymore cause they get sensitive i 
 @chriscrocker ask her the hard questions chris like how much meth did she smoke today propogandatweakerbarbie
 i want 60 grams of weed
 people never understand when i say i dont smoke hookah but i smoke hella weed
 blowing this smoke cause i cant cope with the pain that i feel i been dealing with depression you dont know how it is
 fuck it my nigga im on  all i do is smoke the strong. north side  i dont need a zone. i ride for my niggas dont care if they wrong
 ppl who dont smome weed but wear weed socksgt 
 smokin my weed while i dis a niggas bitch
 if you dont smoke dick you aint shit
 @only1dom  lmao   weed dont do shit or fuck you up .. that liquor aint no joke
 so much new music to smoke crack to
 money amp weed alize amp hennessy
 these liberals are putting our country into chaos  why dont you just smoke your doobies and relax
 someones been smoking weed in our staircase and its getting be ridiculous.
 guess yall smokin regs cause i smoke a blunt amp all my problems disappear  
 i say some smart shit when im high like i become a genius when i smoke. lol
 this is why i dont smoke. shit be still hitting me the day after.
 @staygxid happy birthday hope today is dope af for you wear a condom and dont drink and drive only smoke a lil meth not too much.
 cant fuck with you if you dont smoke at least an 8th
 do you smoke anymore @kehlani
 if smoking weed makes you crazy then dont fucking smoke weed sick of this shit
 you play ball  sell weed  or you whippin dope
 you dont even know what weed is  
 issa sub tweet @tm88 . these niggas dont want no smoke 
 i wonder how much chain smokers make per show
 i just want a young man that pulls up to smoke me out then knocks out with me thats all. im not going out anymore i mean it this time lol
 bro your wcw smashed the weed man for a gram of bunk
 at 18  i can enlist  but i cant smoke or drink as i go down in a ball of flames   my drug dealer never cards me. ill stick to crack.
 who bout having a big ass smoke session for @ogxmuchee bday
 how much do i have to pay @leodicaprio to sit in a sauna and smoke a blunt with me its for science.
 this is the signs of a bitch nigga who only want cheeks  get you a mon that look a you like @snoopdogg look at weed 
 who wants to smoke and get chipotle
 i dont smoke  because i have no need for it. i already dont feel like doing anything  eat a lot  and laugh at damn near everything.
 i just gave someone my dutches and they didnt even ask me if i wanted to smoke lmao
 roll it  smoke it  fucking your bitch niggas dont know my name niggas just know that im lit
 i dont want no smoke 
 the shit im smoking is pressure. the shit you smoke gives headaches
 @deahq i dont think you have any right to highlight getting smart about drugs while you still have marijuana as a schedule 1 drug
 everyday its like soooo how much weed am i buying today
 you need to learn how weed works youre a complete dumbass 
 that weed and them percs got yall aging in dog years. 
 free smoke  anybody want it they can get it no joke  call up landlord  nigga thats bro 
 owe you what  what you want some weed
 dont stress over me baby girl  smoke. dope.
 a mouth full of smoke really makes things clear
 ion want no smoke with patron from now on.. that shit is truly the devil
 when you know you smoke too much  
 @otftxjoel good look on that sonic  ion think i wanna smoke anymore lmao
 @20committee @rferl smoke screen. they dont give a shit about her or the un.
 why did this man in the library just ask if i was smacked   i dont even smoke sir 
 ig reasons people arent my friend is bc i dont smoke weed
 you dont want no smoke  you dont want no cancer 
 ppl really think they cant get high if they dont put their weed on snapchat
 i ask if she smoked and she told me no im smoking up all tha weed
 backwoods overload dont like to smoke them swishers hoe 
 i dont know what i would do without the ganja
 you either play ball sell weed or coke dope
 yea i only smoke cigs when i drink  takes one sip of beer 
 @yenpress smoke em if you got em
 @coreyroach i dont even smoke lol
 prohibition caused so much bootlegging and crime how does the government not realize the war on drugs is the same shit. weed isnt bad.
 dont stress ova me babygirl smoke dope 
 why be a hypocrite let people post what they want on their shit  if they wanna post weed let them  cause your bitter ass does the same shit
 @ruiterwrongfan think this all a big smokescreen.  i dont think the browns will trade a 1st for him...
 stop smoking weed and answer the phone so you can make tons of money and buy more weed and stop answering the phone 
 u smoke weed bro
 @wizkhalifa smoking with you is like a goal. imma smoke one with you before i die
 i dont smoke if it aint fuego 
 ion smoke nomore
 congratulations  you graduated high school  dont have a job  and have to brag about smoking weed. youre so cool.
 congratulations  you graduated high school  dont have a job  and have to brag about smoking weed. youre so cool.
 my last show i smoked a o in bama  like baracks name  93 octane lito
 i love weed @ harrisburg  pennsylvania 
 somebody just tried buying a smoke off me with a donut off of roll up the rim lmfao
 i want to smoke 
 kinda dont want to smoke by myself
 i smoke n pop to many percs 
 make the weed disappear just like your girls thong
 call me crazy  but im thinking the smoke coming from the keyboard on my laptop is not a special effect to celebrate.
 since when did ppl get the idea to hmu thinking i sell weed. just bc my sht be louder than yours dont mean im the plug    yet ...
 shaq dont want no smoke wit chick 
 i cant smoke the same 10 a g shit all yall mfs be blowing 
 @nughettt dare took marijuana off their list of gateway drugs that shirt is an edge break bro
 i honestly just want to smoke and fuck and talk about how messed up things in the world are with a friend. i think thats relatable.
 when i use to smoke ion even do it no more tho lmao 
 you dont smoke enough weed
 if my boy bf dont bring his ass here fa i smoke by myself
 when she smokes the same cigs as you 
 @justinthomas23 thats exactly what they act like  then will hml talm bout damn you dont smoke with cha boy no more duh cause you broke
 i like meeting people who smoke just as much as i do 
 i just want to smoke amp drink with some real good people tonight. thats it.
 found some weed in the whip  dont even know how long its been in here lol.
 never give me and kelly a hit of weed from a bong we turn into people we cant even recognize
 i just want to smoke ampamp watch @shoshameless all day today 
 im telling everybody to smoke me out when i get back even tho i know ima still be able to call the shop for delivery idc lmao
 dont stress over me babygirl smoke dope
 no one ever wants to do cool stuff like paint and be creative they just wanna smoke their blunt and be high
 roll it fat  smoke it slow and wear your glasses so the boss dont know
 swaggholly dont want tally weed
 all i want to do is smoke weed and eat salads
 dont let that weed smoke make you become complacent.. 
 lmaoooo i have my weed in an actual medicine bottle amp a buncha empty containers amp disney made me throw em out but missed my actual drugs 
 bro if you smoke dirt weed i could never fully respect you
 @bryang8 thats literally my answer to anyone that says they dont smoke or be tryna tap out lmao
 want to know how to grow weed safely soon youll be able to ask the colorado department of agriculture. 
 lmao yall dont even know how happy i am rn. im bout to smoke me a fat ass blunt. first w of 2017 
 want weed but dont wanna go pick up augh
 somethings not right when you feel so shitty that you dont even wanna smoke 
 if my memory is so bad then why dont i forget to smoke 
 @spacejesusbass come kick it we got the crew gettin ready with the weedz. shits lit. mango swishers fo days
 yes  i smoke weed  get high whenever i have it but u honestly dont kno what i been through so dont judge me
 cant trust a nigga cause where im from they cutthroat  you play ball  sell weed  or you cookin dope...
 i dont smoke.  
 i know im home when i have to spray myself with perfume before going inside so i dont go in smelling like weed
 company i work for will hire you even if you test positive for weed 
 imaa sip until i feel it imaa smoke until its done. i dont really give a fuck and my excuse is that im young
 i really just want someone to smoke all this with me 
 tell me why crusty middle age men see me smoking and think cause they smoke ill talk to them
 i dont get how i smoke sooo much and yet still a rookie
 i dont smoke if it aint fuego
 she say she wants to roll wit me and smoke up all my weed  well baby buy the dutches you cant smoke for free..
 dont stress over me baby girl smoke dope
 ima play wit yo bitch while ii smoke this gelato  @youngdolph 
 why does my boss ask me to do complex shit only cause he knows i just went downstairs to smoke my weed pen
 my dad wants to smoke me out  im so shook
 i just want some smoke so i can go see rings
 i roll better then my daddy now he dont want me to roll cause i dropped the weed earlier
 taking all the self control i have not to smoke out here this weekend lol
 i dont smoke  
 ive got the moon and the stars...the beer and the smoke...the only thing i dont have is you. is this really my life right now
 @joshthalegend @xcodeh i mean this with no harm intended. i love your weed vids  bro. theyre chill and just put me in a good mood @ anytime
 i was on a crack binge one time and i went around breaking off car antennas to smoke crack out of
 never know if i should spend my money on weed or food
 weed. i dont even smoke 
 oh yes i like her like  pussy  money  weed.
 just cause i wants to smoke doesnt mean i dont have great ideas 420 helps them come out better an dont care what others think @wizkhalifa
 man i smoke amp eat when i want i dnt ask my momma for nothing
 smoking weed is not a bad thing. it opens the mind. to many talents you hide behind when you not high . you dont care when high
 nobody fuck with me unless they tryna smoke im not mad though cause i dont like people its just something i been noticing
 about to smoke this whole pack sorry mom im trying to fuck around and die 
 i dont care if you smoke cigarettes but if you smoke while im in the car ima start gasping for breath like that lil goldfish commercial
 charlie daniels says i shouldnt go and smoke that dope  but damn i love rollin stone
 i barley smoke weed anymore and it doesnt even bother me
 i be giving my mom hell of weed idk why she dont just smoke with me
 i smoke so much ion feel high no more 
 told my parents im trynna get lit for my birthday  they like wym im trynna smoke with my dad but dont know how to ask 
 weed since i dont smoke it anyway 
 so i think im over weed...like im really sitting here debating if i should cop or not money aint the issue lol
 all of em but weed 
 i dont like marijuana
 i dont get it. cause thats not even a lot of weed... we roll bars like that all the time @csalazar250 @papiluke 
 u know i dont smoke  
 i have a really bad headache and i want to smoke but if i take my car out i wont find parking
 ive gathered that all i want to do is smoke  make music  hang out with friends who inspire me  and make money.
 i do not smoke ganga anymore so please dont ask if i have weed
 i dont smoke 
 yo i didnt know they had weed lollipops 
 columbia reminds me of being in love and smoking weed and overall happiness 
 guess weed men dont drive to the money anymore. 
 someone smoke this last blunt with me for a while . i gotta get a goodjob  and focus on a different path
 i always want weed and water after work
 my mom just told me that im smart for someone who smokes weed regularly
 for the last time. dont bring no dutch to me talkin bout lets smoke. fuck no.
 i dont smoke dutches. i would never have the audacity to disrespect my lungs like that.
 im mad i smoked all my weed bro .
 how do i look like a person that smokes weed lmao
 just read 2 articles. one said cats in pain will feel better with weed. the other article said they will not.  cant something be simple
 not even tempted to smoke anymore but ill roll up for him any time lt3
 she say that i owe her owe you what  oh you want sum weed its dolphh..
 real shit i want to smoke
 i dont even smoke but the 1st thing i do when i get home is get high 
 this why i dont smoke 
 gas what i smoke @chiefkeef 
 i can honestly say i dont really like weed at all now. i decided to try and smoke to see how itd be with my fixed insides. bad idea.
 i dont smoke weed aye  livepd
 you girls dont look like the type of ppl who smoke cigarillos
 ball weed ion smoke ya no way 
 i just want some weed
 i dont want negativity in the air i just want gas smoke in the air
 @leestarr4 does she even smoke dope
 about to take me a shower then go outside sit on this porch smoke my black and get my drink on   cause lord i need it even though im sick
 name 1 weed man that dont take all day to bring the pack out
 smoke me out   amp i dont even smoke smh
 i drink good  i smoke good but i fuck better  i fuck better i rap good  i trap good but i fuck better  i fuck better
 im tired of yall claiming you the weed man but yet you either dont have it or got me waiting for hours. north side plugs aint shit
 i really need to work on my downtime laziness. all i do is smoke  watch movies  eat  sleep repeat all day like wtf
 @nkowakeup revivaldc @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 just to escape some stress i smoke some weed gettin high to the point where im not able to speak.
 ive never judged anyones lifestyle based on who they are on social media. if you want to be a hoe  be a hoe. if you smoke and drink  kudos
 when people throw hints that they want u to smoke them out lmao nah its keys for you
 i want to get high for some reason  i dont even smoke lol
 someone needs to make a compilation video of the will it blend guy saying  smoke dont breathe this
 is it bad that i live in cali now and still dont smoke weed 
 i dont smoke  
 bro...... i just tagged tyler and josh in a pic of me grinding weed on a pic i drew of them
 hit the weed amp in stress free 
 hit the weed amp im stress free 
 i will not smoke anymore   smoking a blunt 
 if you smoke cigarettes dont talk to me.
 fuck the bullshit. tomorrow imma cop me a bottle of henny and a 3.5 and smoke and drink my henny olo phone on do not disturb 
 dont want no negativity in the air just want gas smoke in air
 the south is like nah we make way more money off sending niggas to jail for weed  why legalize  lol smh
 im just as mad that obama didnt try to legalize weed as that he continued bushs legacy of disastrous foreign interventions. unfollow me 
 i do too much i spend too much i work too much i smoke too much i say too much
 i need to smoke bro
 i dont want no fuckin flowers for valentines day. i just want a bouquet of weed... if thats possible.
 seriously if u want get to really know me... lets just smoke a joint thats it
 i honestly dont even do weed like i dont inhale the smoke i just pretend
 who wants to smoke and go to the movies when im off on me
 we just did it for the excitement too cause we already had our own money and weed to smoke at home but yunno dumb teenagers lol
 i dont crack no smoke
 psa it is not your bartenders job to babysit  your money on the bar while you go smoke.
 like maybe if i was a heavy chain smoker i could see ur point but nah...cause even then its still my body my health my choices
 its american moonshine. dont smoke right after drinking it
 hm i sent haley a pic of my eyes too and she said i look friedlike no i dont smoke i just cant ever sleep
 not even smokey wants to hear about my day 
 walk in to 711 to get blunts and the guy ends up buying weed off me 
 so my coworkers all started a group chat and all they talk about is dick  weed  and how much we all hate work 
 i dont smoke 
 yu dont want no smoke yu dont want no cancer 
 @emanny i dont smoke anymore but can i have whatever youre smoking
 people passin faster than im passin weed my daddy tell me  stay strong  son and be the man you have to be
 got any goals  whats your plans for the future  all you do is smoke and fight
 all i want is weed and the beach
 we smoke dope all day all night  u smoke reggie thats the shit i dont like
 so much smoke
 ion even smoke bitch
 but dont mind me im just high again smoking weed to get by again no actually im lyin cuz smokin it got me smilin
 lmao i dont smoke joints unless jerrys rollin em
 weed i dont smoke anyways 
 tryna sell ya weed smokin lil ass blunts
 oh yes cuz weed makes you loopy wrong on that too. and you used  dont learn much do you 
 if they dont come out for 2 am smoke sessions then dont keep em
 excited to get off and roll a fatty for me and my girl. reason im so excited is because she never smokes. like ever. this should be fun.
 i dont care about her  but where is the weed  
 but i didnt even smoke
 @thatnggakeef dont act like i aint pull up on you ready for that smoke n you was duckin ode pussy bitch dont flex
 my weed tolerance is so high  i dont think im capable of getting high anymore.
 i deadass will be around smokers but dont smoke  but pass some alcohol im all in 
 smh didnt even get to smoke before bed 
 i dont even want a phone anymore. from now on im using smoke signals and messenger pigeons.
 dont think i can ever date a girl who smokes lol
 my parents dead ass think i smoke out all the time like i dont do drugs 
 we smoked a fat j and now i feel like everyones at my pace and im vibing and i dont feel sad anymore 
 but i dont smoke 
 i smoke like twice a day on my regular work schedule. still smoking hydro but i dont got time to be just posted waiting on a play.
  you dont never hit me up to smoke bum
 @kaylaha wants us to smoke an energy drink  ill pass
 i can honestly say ive been changing a lot... dont sell drugs anymore   dont smoke or hardly drink now. little nigga growing up 
 i dont smoke weed  i smoke cigarettes though.
 when you trynna smoke but all yo plugs sleep
 what even is weed
 i been smoking rapper weed amp its everything they rap about
 im a simple person ok  i dont do much  i go to work n after that i like to sit on my ass and smoke weed and eat fast food
 dangerouswomantourconfirm gorsuch was forced by trump outed barack hussein obama robs kill you dont smoke crack cocaine
  the lyft of weed your welcome  @weedmaps @hightimesmag @obamafoundation @whitehouse
 her you went to oh to buy a truck and smoke a cigar with your friend thats kinda cool. me no  its actually dumb af dont encourage me
 whos wants to smoke a blunt with ya boy . 
 i owe you my life and unlimited smoke outs and this dick
 dont be shy @obamafoundation and @potus dont mind. roll up wherever. domt drink dont drive just smoke baby we got you @getnugg
 the baddest bitches we the ones getting hit for weed  money  pills shit amazes me 
 lets pop a bottle   smoke a blunt and talk about our plans for the future 
 @senwarren you dont honestly think dodd frank would have prevented the 2008 crisis do you understand what it even is holy smokes.
 @tagotti nigga i dont smoke reggie never did
 calling this right now by 2027 drones will be delivering weed and its covered by your health insurance.
 but he cant be a man cause he doesnt smoke the same cigarettes as me
 dont smoke weed. have goals in life.
 go smoke another one @maxinewaters 
 you ever smoke and eat breakfast then ash in your cereal
 no respect for mfs who run off on the plug just to smoke the shit like u gonna do dat make some money broke boi tf
 @taystory3d i dont even smoke like that
 i dont need to smoke anymore.  especially im not hydrated.
 you do know some people actually smoke to sleep. it treats insomnia. 
 up smokeing dope
 @slamonline taking pain pills can be addictive  drinking alcohol creates numerous issues. marijuana possess no social or medical problems.
 like on weed or varying herbal tinctures etc im depressive but sedated whereas when im totally clean im manic depressive which i dont trust
 if you do shit on the dailyweekly that isnt weed i dont really wanna fuck with you... too many people like that in my life.
 if you aint never smoke crack before youre a loser
 outside the weed shop encouraging people to just say no  dare @ kind meds 303 
 you get gun smoke  u dont want no cancer
 bitches be in awe when i blow smoke rings  my shits be poppin lol
 man these people really go tell my granny that i smoke weed lol this is sad.
 crack smoker
 i play my enemies like a game of chess  where i rest ...no stress  if you dont smoke sess  
 but i dont even smoke weed nor smoked in my car ever smh amp they broke my shit
 @domderosa24 happy birthday brother keep grinding man people dont even know the bond we got man smoke one for me a 
 why did i drink so much and smoke so much. ahhhhhh 
 he tells me to stop smoking meanwhile hes the reason i smoke
 can i smoke you out  no you cant even repost a song my nigga   you give what you put in
 its a simple formula to aging like gabrielle or naomi. drink water  be easy on the liquor. eat ya green veggies. sleep. dont smoke cigs.
 @laurenbaileyyy too bad i dont smoke thanks dude
 all the dnc debates but the chairs are getting into the weeds about where and how money is spent. dncforum
 its sucks being a person in this generation that doesnt smoke
 i dont care if you smoke cigarettes  but when its 20 degrees in winter you really cant just roll the window up in the car and wait 
 you ever smoke crack before 
 you won the lotto smoked crack and forgot you spent it all  lmfao @devo716 
 so much good weed will be smoked to this 
 well after that i aint spending no more money on bud. so dont ask me to match one  smoke one  buy some  nun of that bc niggas fu. 
 cause i spend it on weed  
 i dont smoke amp i dont think i ever will. its just not me
 spring is just around the corner  call yards by us if you want your grass to be this green and weed free 3367654 
 want some shipleys and some weed
 i dont want to get high  but i might smoke one to feel fine.
 i dont smoke but could potentially make money from weed but yea fuck 2k. that shit trash anyway 
 @ffsta12 heroin weed ..sold to 16 year olds
 i dont smoke  
 i pay up every time and if i cant buy it thats my l  i never ask for free weed thats so bummy
 i dont even smoke. 
 my mom gets pissy that i smoke so much  shes literally in the top 3 reasons of why i smoke so much.
 she pop x i smoke os   tic tac toe
 you dont even smoke tho 
 if she a heavy drinker or smokes a lot  i dont want her
 who wants to smoke
 no one raps about weed anymore  its all about letting those birds take a bath ya feel me 
 i dont smoke anyway lol 
 i know im coming down with something when all i do is sleep and dont care to smoke 
 @msldemarco if i dont get to smoke a cig with you in pittsburgh ill kill myself
 you smoke to much you needa stop smoking where the money at 
 who even roll 2 out of it yall skimpy ass smokers man. 
 want smoke and think about oomf
 someone get panera and smoke with me 
 idk how people are in love with weed so much.
 weed gotta go lmao dont even smoke  
 just want to smoke my life away got so much on my mind and dont know what to do
 free smoke for anybody that wants it. straight like that .
 free smoke  anybody want it they can get it no joke  call up landlord  nigga thats brow
 weed easily. i dont smoke anyway 
 i really dont want anymore ashes in my car i dont wanna smoke no more
 dont stress over me babygirl smoke dope
 she said that i owe ha. owe you what what you want some weed
 i really want to go and smoke. like i want to be out of there where i wont be thinking about any of this
 they could smoke cigarettes inside   thats studio goals in 2017 
 smoking weed doesnt make you cool say it louder for yall in the back
 i wouldnt mind matching but people be skimp on they blunts  we dont smoke .5s ova here my guy  guys at my school famous for this shit
 i dont even buy weed smh 
 people who brag about drinking and driving every weekend are always the same people who look down on anyone whos ever smoked marijuana
 only weed  ion do all that other shit. 
 me i drink milk like a crack head smokes crack  des oh you drink milk like i smoke crack  @d3stykn33
 ion smoke so weed 
 the weed dont smoke anyway 
  thats my first line. niggas be part time weedmen. dont want no money.
 ion smoke  drink  pop pills  go outside nothing  like im boring  18 pose to be litttt 
 i smoke to escape the harsh realities of this cold world we....  ion know but i find that statement funny everytime i say it
 dont stress ova me baby girl smoke dope.
 theres a guy on the las vegas strip that has a sign reading i need money for weed. hes honest and i fucking respect that lol
 i dont smoke em so yeah 
 period  or dat it smell like weed cause we do drugs shorty 
 follow the trail of smoke and youll get @trippdenom everywhere. the single bright lights fast 
 dont stress over me baby girl  smoke dope
 hmmm i dont smoke  
 @kraftryan happy birthday  pussy money weed 
 i really dont think about much until i hit the weed
 i miss alexis   so im putting smokegod lol
 ppl like us who like hip hop smoke weed those who like country drink dumb alcohol lol
 we got a gas affair planned  hope dont nobody fuck up this smoke session
 somebody link up amp smoke some dope
 im glad i smoke papers so when i run out of cigars ion gotta stress or ask nobody to bring any
 lets stress more sex  amp weed 
 the only way i moderate my weed smoking habit is by smoking all my weed
 and thats how i know gaga has very good weed.  
 @spraykingsr lmao you dont even smoke
 i sound like i have a smokers cough and i dont even smoke  its grossss
 spare ribs topchef bbq superbowl whiteoak 4hoursmoke @ smokehouse tavern 
 call girls bitches. and tell everybody how u pop pills smoke weed and drink lean. theyll wake up then 
 she dont want no smoke
 i dont smoke  but same. 
 i dont get angry when my mom smokes pot hits the bottle and moves on to the rock 
 420 weed lmao
 except keyshia dont sing and smoke crack
 if she aint got ass i dont wanna smash  weed so good i dont want to pass  young dolph aka my dad
 nah we dont smoke the same
 yall cowards dont even smoke crack
 please dont hml if u gone b cheap on weed . dont smoke if u cant afford .
 i want marijuana good pussy and food
 @donttouchmee so its gonna be real sad when i beat u amp u gotta light me up amp u dont even smoke 
 i eat super healthy  i dont do drugs or smoke  i workout regularly and i still manage to get sick twice in one month life isnt fair 
 kids if you are a hall of famer  with a hall of fame beard. you can smokesnortinjectdrop any drug you want and be on tv. ask bill walton
 you still a little kid if your parents dont know you smoke.
 lil kodak told me on only smoke dat broccoli  fuck dem hoes get money my philosophy  
 fuck type ubers famous ppl get in where they can bump as loud as they want and smoke grass lol
 im bout to be on my wiz shit and only smoke papers
 the worlds longest afternooooooonoutdoorsnationaltrustconchservation @ philosophy smokehouse 
 lunch with maximus granddad @ old crow smokehouse in huntington beach  calif  
 time to eat so i can smoke bro
 when people ask why i like to smoke a lot but not drink............................ im just like  r u fuckin dumb
 i need a nigga that dont smoke weed because i gotta stop smoking.
 theres a comfort in knowing you can talk as much shit as you want and still no one wants smoke with you
 i just want a friend that smokes as much as me 
 this a good time for me to get high  rs and i dont even smoke
 wen ppl post a snapchat of them smoking weed and they aint even inhale 
  is out right decriminalization some peoples   perfume bothers me why cant i smoke
 who wants to drive me to san marcos  ill give u gas money and i have weed we can smoke
 cop have any drugs in the car me no sir cop marijuana  cocaine me sir those are drugs i said no cop no need to be a smart ass
 a girl that works  cares  laughs  eats a lot  doesnt smoke  doesnt drink.. wife that asap
 austin and i just witnessed the person in the car next to us smoke crack .. casual
 know the difference from your bros amp people you just smoke with 
 everyday i get money i smoke the dopest of dope and have the most amazing sex with the boy i love. life is good.
 @kennyabautista what about  eat and smoke
 girls day out on the lazoom bus followed by wicked weed. brewpon craftbeer wickedweed girlsdayout 
 beaniegang and the nigga dont even smoke 
 seattle smokes swishers smh its a fucking mission finding backwoods out here
 yea my jacket says marlboro doesnt mean i smoke em tho smh headass
 sad part is weed is a reason i dont get to spend as much time with you ...
 just spent 200 on weed
 this is what that dope smoke is for 
 i dont like weed bummy niggas
 why do ppl still ask me if im down to smoke lol yes boo
 good thing i dont smoke 
 who tf in the west suburbs can sell me weed and not think im childish enough to buy 50 eighths lmao fuck outta here nigga  yall kill me 
 i also want to smoke a blunt. 
 shameless makes me want to smoke cigarettes on repeat
 the honest to god truth i can not fuck with a nigga who sells weed   phone off   unemployed  begging . its to much stressing going on 
 i play my enemies like a game of chess  where i rest no stress  if you dont smoke sess  lest i 
 if yall get me another bottle of hennessy yall can catch the smoke out  
 when your sister wants you to smoke in front of her sooo bad.
 your pops caught you smoking and he said no way  that hypocrite smokes two packs a day
 ppl will b like ew i dont smoke weed but post mad snapchats of them taking shots as if thats any fuckin different lmfao
 i really want some weed right now   but im trying to be good 
 you think ppl in the bible used dat ganja  
 dont want no negativity in the air i jus want gas smoke in the air
 i see youre going places.... no license  no job  and you sell weed to kids in highschool. arent you like 30
 my smokeshop spot owner a grown ass regular mud sipper with an instagram i officially feel welcomed to the ie
 i smoke so much my eyes dont even get red no more
 anybody know any weed connects in south carolina specifically around myrtle beach
 when they say smoking cigs is nasty  but thats not what you smoke .. 
 i dont take drugs i smoke weed 
 i dont even want nobody no more just pass me the weed please 
 my mom just tried buying my weed from me 
 ufchouston feel sorry for whoever fights the farter  angela hill. dont want ur head between her legs  shell smoke u unconscious 
 i only care for those who smoke marijuana medically
 is a cute boy that wants to lay naked  drink beer  smoke  amp eat pizza   but will leave when i tell them to  too much to ask for
 money money money weed fashion
 hey what do the marlboro blacks taste like i dont know im sorry... i dont smoke oh ummm... well thats cool thanks
 yall want me to give ya the weed damn near free huh
 she makes way too much to smoke crack lol crack is cheap. poor mans drug lol 
 i love smoking weed and popping pills 
 you could win the lottery  cure cancer  solve world hunger  make donald trump disappear  make weed legal  and people still gon talk shit.
 whos in jerz n wants to smoke me out lmfao
 continued to smoke and remained g as fuck
 all that ass to eat all my wings  smoke all my weed  and tell me i play 2k too much  i think tf not 
 if you dont smoke weed  youll never understand why people smoke weed.
 @henrychinaski i dont even smoke anymore  its just me.
 all karina do is smoke
 being raised right doesnt mean you dont drink  party  and smoke. being raised right is how you treat people  your manners amp respect.
 wiz khalifa i love smoking weed and hanging out with my boys.  12th grade me 
 if i can make myself smoke cigs i can eat a pube
 aint nothing better than some weed and throwback wiz khalifa
 @ja2e9 yeah if you want to smoke then do it but if you can stay off of it then stay off homie. thank you bro. respect to you too.
 crack is cheap.. i made too my money to ever smoke crack i love her 
 what if i told you i ingest massive amounts of weed  and i make money.  and pay taxes.  and i am carrying burdens  not being one.
 lmao fools over here using weed as bait  i dont want ur fucking weed.
 or did you even smoke  
 i dont smoke baeeeee
 this bitch just asked me front me a 10 i dont even smoke weed  front these nuts tho
 i want that weed candy lol
 anyone want smoke
 this man really sitting in the parking lot waiting for me to get off work to smoke me up im shook 
 they say i smoke to much but i cant smoke enough 
 bro natasha really dont smoke bro lol like thats wild
 saturday nights at carlos and gabbys  @ carlos and gabbys miami smokehouse amp grill 
 i want no smoke  
 i need someone to whos always down to smoke and is always just there for me and actually wants to hangout
 i dont drink i smoke. high me is better then drunk me. 
 justin thinks hes a vape god but this boy didnt even know how to smoke a cig none the less know how to vape 
 who want smoke 
 96 uncle or auntie gang ima give one of my nieces or uncles they first cigarette since ima piece of shit  even tho i dont smoke
 people are so wild if you dont drink or smoke they dont hit you up issa shame how this world changes smh
 she said i smoke cigarettes  if i dont care about my health why would i worry about insurance and getting a new phone
 ya know smokey  i aint the smartest man  but it looks like you takin a shit.  friday
 idgaf ill smoke and drink when tf i want if i want
 weed isnt addicting. can you wait until next week to smoke yes. can a crack head wait a week for his fix fuck no. yall are ignorant.
 is weed a drug
 i cant hear the bullshit cause im blowin rapper weed
 that is a real ass cigarette and my heart is withering kate please dont smoke i need you to live forever baby
 bruh do not ask me to roll a blunt out my pack like weed just free out here fam
 fails drug test for marijuana at school 
 @sirgam00 i dont smoke
 gettin weeded wit a pocket full of dubs i bet you know who i am  i am  i am
 coworker invited me to smoke with her after work but i had to say no cause that sounds too much like a date to me
 dont even ask me to match you. what no goofy ill smoke alone.
 do she got a weed plug or nah 
 mans doesnt even know how to smoke a cig 
 i just found some weed in my weed jar i havent used in like a year. i dont know if i should some it or not.
 dont even know i wanna smoke weed anymore
 dont trust someone who invites you to smoke your weed.
 @shawtyswole lie bout wat. you def dont need a buddy just to smoke. burn solo  sorry 
 girls that smokepopping pills 247big turn off
 i literally just want to smoke a fucking blunt.
 girls who smoke cigarettes are just an immediate no. even to some i wish werent a no. still a no. fuck out my face
 @nmonae no i got weed but you dont smoke 
 literally tryin to keep myself up... waitin on him to pull up with my smokes 
 want to smoke man
 @mrfinesse sadly i dont smoke lol
 i get so uncomfortable when people use  emojis to talk about their weed... like what are yall smoking yall shit dont look more like 
 weed  dont smoke 
 ave cant even smoke right.
 i dont smoke and i dont drink  i just dont like it 
 i dont  even smoke no more thats how focused i am.
 she said you dont want no grandma smoke 
 i dont smoke anyways so the marijuana gotta go 
 nah bro im not tryna spend my money on anything but weed amp alcohol 
  crack is cheap. i make too much money to ever smoke crack. iconic.. 
 anybody trying to hangout an smoke good 
 i wish i could still smoke  i dont like drinking
 mfs who smoke blackampmilds nasty asf  im sorry and definitely tryna flex on sc wit it omg 
 i dont drink alcohol or smoke weed like everyday anymore lol why
 @hasselljunior i dont smoke
 i spend  too much money on weed 
 anybody want to smoke
 im drunk and high. yall know i dont smoke.
 i want a girlfriend who goes to georgia state who smokes and likes doing spontaneous things
 dont stress over me  baby girl smoke dope
 alex you want weed i have an edible
 @queenie2x lol i mean i would  but ion really want too many people over here  but u more than welcome to come smoke and kick it on dem vibes
 idc what u think .. even after all this time theres no way you can out smoke me  1 blunt 2 blunts 3 blunts .. etc 
 theyd been got me out this bitch  maaan these niggas dont want no smoke 
 youll do all this but wont smoke a cig lmao yeah they dont appeal to me sorry not sorry.
 @wakeandbacon420 cannabis doesnt kill.
 honestly it doesnt matter whats wrong with you i just know that weed will make it better
 kayla tries to get me to smoke daily lmao u think shed give up
 nobody wants ya when ya 20 without plan  sitting on the couch all day smoking weed like u can
 who still smokes swishers tho  
 just smokin on this liquor  sippin on this weed. had to pop a molly just so i could go to sleep
 smoking cigarettes is unattractive asf. dont care if you smoke weed though. 
 you tryna o.d. on weed lol
 didnt want to announce this till i thought i had it whipped . didnt even smoke at practice . 
 i make way too much money to smoke crack lets just get that straight  
 you dont smoke 
 i dont even smoke like i use too...
 i dont even smoke   but my stress level saying a blunt or two 
 crack is cheap. i make too much money to ever smoke crack 
 i dont think ill ever smoke again as much as i did last summer
 i buy too much weed... .
 i dont know abut any of u guys but i sure as hell dont shoot up or sniff marijuana. 
 just cause i smoke weed doesnt mean ima a lowlife.... prolly doing way better than u
 i smoke blunts to the head so dont pass me shit @therealstylesp
 i dont even care to smoke bud never really cared to drink but i have a serious addiction......caffeine and its a problem
 what kind if weed man yall got lmao 
 i dunno why weed make ya so happy that shit make me feel slow and sleepy 
 amp ion even smoke  
 probably just go eat  not even that much weed 
 lol not if you want to smoke 
 when these alleged straights boys ask me for weed connects 
 real chainsmoke hours but i dont even smoke
 i feel like im the only nigga who still smoke entourages
 palo santo spray is great to use in spaces where you cant use the smoke of this sacred wood to 
 i dont care what anyone says  first smoke of the day is the best
 whitney said crack is cheap i make too money to smoke crack  bitch im mf dead
 if you over 30 amp all you know is smoking weed and chasing imaginary hoes but dont have nooo hustle amp aint making nooo moves  reevaluate.
 everyone smokes. youre only a rebel if you dont
 she said she want to roll with me and smoke up all my weed
 i want to smoke 
 i dont think u want smoke again curt 
 i dont smoke crack. motherfucker  i sell it.
 bitches dont smoke with me for free
 i dont smoke if it aint fuego
 crack is cheap. i make way too much money to smoke crack  ok 
 i dont fuck with the fact that i let my child spend the night with you and she comes back smelling like cigarette smoke. nah. not ok.
 ruth and i smoked 6 gs yesterday lmfaoooo
 i dont smoke 
 i dont drink. weed my alcohol.
 bruh anyone can sell weed for 10 a g most these niggas not cut for a 95 at all lmao niggas think they grinding selling weed 
 i make too much money to smoke crack  god i love whitney
 weed ion smoke anyway 
 nigga not even watching the game  just gon eat good and smoke good
 he let them smoke my weed and he took my money. i fucking hate guys. 
 done smoking so if u fwm which u probably dont dont ask me to hit the weed
 i dont smoke ls cause all my niggas winning
 i follow one boy that smoke heavy but be in the dentist getting his teeth cleaned and whitened. thats how it should be.
 i smoke too much   my girl wouldnt like that.
 dont try to get at me if you smoke cigarettes. thats just the bottom line.
 he dont even give the 10 to the weedman he straight pocketing that shit 
 at vice they drug test u to make sure u do smoke weed
 i dont know how anyone in nyc can be a chain smoker when cigarettes are like 16
 bro dont smoke no more lol   ill match tho 
 in gelato young dolph proves you can say any word and have it mean weed. he wasnt the first to say it but still. 
 youll never catch me crying over a nigga but you will catch me smoking this weed amp making this money.
 i make too much money to ever smoke crack yeeeaahhh whitney 
 @tommyguns ayyyyyyyy thats what really be happening  imma look at u like nigga fr lmaoooooo smoke til u pass out bro
 what do you need money molly or weed percs or lean
 backwoods ion do the swishers.. she just wanna smoke with a nigga 
 i miss people telling me i smoke too much
 i dont buy weed lol 
 want some weed but nobody have any
 people i dont even know said they were praying for me. you come to my house  get smoked out  never bring bud or anything and aint say shit
 the guy i buy weed from offers me steroids all the time  he says you know want this shit  gangsta baby
 i make too much money to smoke crack is probably the best line ive ever heard 
  what kind of weed is this smoker definitely me bro  
 @cmoraign @aprildeming @realbakerbaker @wikileaks lol  funny i dont smoke.
 super bowl party at my crib. bring your own weed  tv  and food  and dont ask me for no rellos cause you beat
 but this guy. he that last of my problems lmao. all i gotta do is tell him to leave money and weed i can always get that shit
 on god these niggas some bitches   click that @ button if you dont want no more smoke than already
 young savage bitch i dont play round with them swishers  i just smoke them woods  bitch im from the hood
 but i still smoke it  whatttt the fuck
 anybody tryna smoke
 i was tooooo geeked last night yall just dont understand i never smoked that much in my life man
 me dont need a bag for that beer.  cashier i think thats illegal me really youre located in between a weed store amp stripper baristas
 you smoke reggie thats that shit i dont like it
 start ya day off with a lil reefer tell me if it dont make it better  not too much tho you dont want to be amcs the walking dead at 9 a.m
 bro do u smoke weed
 weed   ion smoke anyway 
 i just want to smoke and lay up right now lol.
 why i dont smoke 
 i make too much money to ever smoke crack 
 i dont get how everybody does the weed prank on their moms
 if yall dont drop on the weed or the bottle dont ask me for shit cause its all the way out .
 lol quavo smoked em. shit was funny 
 if there isnt any weed there. dont count my friends being there.
 this is what makes ppl smoke jacks i get it now
 sorry if this relates to you but if you smoke in the staircase. dont talk back to me. wait im not sorry at all. child .
 @frankhof14 happy birthday frankie mcbuckets let me know if you want to relive the glory days and have me smoke you in sharks and minos.
 i dont even smoke no more and i probably wont ever again at this rate
 boy im in colorado smokin on california reefer
 my oral surgeon is texting me about smoking weed...ethical or not
 this nigga khai tell his og i smoke she prolly dont even look at me the same
 when ppl ask me over and over again to smoke with them or hit the blunt i dont smoke s 
  i would never do drugs ever   you smoke weed....
 get rid of the weed   ion even smoke anymore.  im not leavin 2k  or booty   and wings are  so. easy choice. 
 tip if you smoke cigarettes during work and you dont want the scent to linger. wear a glove and hold the bud away from your clothes.
 you dont even smoke... 
 and she dont even smoke 
 i make way too much money to smoke crack  
 shameless makes me want to smoke a cig and i dont smoke cigs
 i need some weed mannnn
 all i need is one bottle and weed 
 while a nigga under oath plead the fifth then ask if i could smoke
 why yall huffing glue like bums just smoke weed lmao
 im a pescatarian  but that doesnt mean that i dont like super bowl parties. i wanna eat  smoke and be merry  too thats where im going
 yall chill cause no one here really want smoke or issues this aint what they want.
 dmx still smokes crack
 should have know he aint care about anything he still tryna smoke that roach  
 im sticking to weed fuck alcohol 
 @balloutwebbie you dont want no smoke blood 
 lmfao so my mom said  you may not drink but you smoke that shit and i said  that shit is whats gonna save america
 chief keef x dope smokee is my mood
 cant yall tell i need weed
 @realdonaldtrump bro t  you need to start taking medical marijuana  it does wonders to gentle folks down a few notches. peace is reason.
 drugs dont excite me. weed and patron is good enough
 just had the smokehouse brisket @arbys for the first time. ridiculously good sandwich. advice dont even think about eating it in your car.
 have you ever smoked sooooo much to the point you throw up smh dont do it dont ever ever ever get to that point in your high 
 if you dont smoke kush  we cant be friends
 you know what let me count to 10 and see where the weed man at cause for real 
 crack is cheap. i make too much money to ever smoke crack @foreverroiyl 
 getting better in pool who want some smoke
 sorry i dont smoke weed well alright u fucking sociopath
 sorry i dont smoke weed well alright you fucking sociopath
 niggas be looking like smoked out crackheads damn drug addicts.
 she dont even smoke but she swear i got that dope 
 yo i dont smoke anymore  so dont hmu to smoke thanks.
 sunset amp smoke on trail. november 2016 on the bullhead trail. instagramtennessee gsmnp 
 just bcuz yo nigga sell a lil bit of weed n you scared of him dont make him a real nigga
 me i dont smoke backwoods so you can swallow cum but you dont smoke backwoods.... me 
 if your girl dont pay for tree and you not the weed man she fuckin him my g get out now b
 oh and more on this topic...i will never understand why the fuck urban decays smokey palette doesnt have a black
 i seriously read my notes in my phone and ask myself what crack do i smoke
 this dude just asked me if i wanted to smoke a blunt with himhis friends but i told him im good i dont smoke swishers amp i dont smoke mid
 patriots if you really want to smoke this shit right here   riseup   sb51
 if youre gonna debate with me about medical marijuana and its potential to decrease drug abuse  dont ask if you can vaporize your marinol
 this car really trynna race me and tay  they dont want smoke
 someone asked my brother where hes from he legit said the united stateslmaooo  i want to smoke what hes smoking
 these hoes still dont smoke for free 2017 
 and i dont smoke a million cigarettes and drink my life away so i dont even look my age.
 i got so much homework bro  this is why i cant stop smoking marijuana 
 havnt been able to find weed for two weeks and im actually dyin like no joke what the fuck i have money but nobody wants to come get it fuk
 do i want to smoke a blunt or bong right now
 when she buy u roll ups n she dont even smoke... keepher
 just told my tio i smoke he said some shiddd roll up then bet 
 let mfs smoke the dope if they want to. damn get your ass on.
 i dont even spend money on weed no morebig weight took off my shoulders
 if you smoke everyday and just cant live without it  thats very unattractive. dont be an addict  
 dont have any weed so ima fuck this liquor up 
 watching julio jones in the superbowl makes me really happy the @browns took trent richardson and brandon weeden instead
 he said yall can smoke in here just smoke that way 
 crack is cheap. ok. lets get that straight i make too much money to ever smoke crack. ok. we dont do crack crack is wack.
 patriots gettin smoked bro
 i hate when ppl dont smoke loud like
 finding weed is so hard when u got a boyfriend cause all the weed men always tryin to sex u like does this happen to any1 else
 tom brady and the patriots all yall some punk heffa bitches yall blew the fuck out me son make me want go smoke a joe son.
 i swear ive never asked ppl to smoke me back out  but if you say you got a nigga next time dont bitch out
 what kind of play call was that josh mcdaniels do you want ole bill to smoke you at halftime
 @aral10 no  thanks  i dont smoke. its a.... disgusting habit
 just smoked so much fucking toilet paper
 ok does nobody sell weed in town anymore bc im dying asf
 i hate steriotypical stoners. like full on sit around all day and smoke weed  like smoke and be productive  get shit done.
 life goal 2 smoke a blunt with @snoopdogg
 i just want a girl i can bring around my group and smoke woods with
 drone light show what will they think of next  better than dot matrix smoke messages for sure
 ion smoke anymore 
 i dont even smoke but they wildin 
 thats what i do...i smoke and i know things
 @ttmy97 im more of an athlete than you. you sit on your ass and smoke weed and act like youre an athlete. anger management much
 smoking weed is real live making me lose weight lmao
 keeping the weed store receipts this week.. . damn.  i have a problem..   smoke to much  and   not enough money
 crack is cheap. i make to much money to ever smoke crack. lmao dawg  
 idc if you smoke cigarettes cause thats you but dont smoke them anywhere near me.
 @damnshemeann i dont smoke anymore.
 i smoke too fucking much
 mwe haiku day 6  i want to meet god  kill myself in front of him  and smoke all his weed 
 youve really got a hold on me.  by smokey robinson has been on repeat all day. anyone want to slow dance with me to it 
 @jtnova3024 i dont smoke but i feel like starting an ugly habit right about now..
 i make too much money to smoke crack 
 every nigga from ohio rn but the celtics dont want no smoke w tha cavs and thats all that matters 
 im high as shit and i didnt even smoke a blunt pats lets fucking gooooo
 people who dont smoke weed wont know why people who smoke weed smoke weed until they smoke weed 
 i dont even smoke to get smacked anymore i just like the process
 i dont smoke crack muthafucka i sell it
 thats what the doctor ordered  make my day by alex smoke  from soundhound 
 my professor is having us read an article on a stepbystep guide to appropriately smoke weed for pleasure
 my professor is having us read an article on a stepbystep guide to appropriately smoke weed for pleasure
 he dont want no smoke
 @kennedyrowiand you find really good people and weed is all i saw
 niggias dont want no smoke 
 dont mind me im jus high again. smokin weed to get by again  no actually im lying bc smoking it got me smiling
 i never thought id see the day we wouldnt get along  you think i smoke too much i think your friends all suck 
 when your nigga dont smoke ltltltlt
 we drink  we smoke  we think we know each other
 need to do math but will prob smoke a bowl and watch family guy...whoop whoop
 i hate ppl who compare smoking weed to crack
 youre the reason i smoke
 i dont drink or smoke and it does put me at an advantage over the rest. dont @ me
 youre not wasting money on weed if you smoke it all 
 i only smoke with brothers fuck the others  we dont duck with undercovers 
 lmao i feel like im the only person in atl who doesnt smoke
 i want to fucking smoke
 ill let my brother and xavier smoke in here but when they add in a person i dont know or i dont fw i cant let it happen
 said this last birthday  saying it again  i smoked the fuck out of your fastball when we were 10  happy birthday though ily @anthonymald40
 lmao why sis always tryna get em   get smoked nigga
 seriously considering smoking ten roaches instead of grinding more weed but im trying to practice self respect
 you faking dont want no smoke and yah fingers must be fucking broke  
 its funny how people be broke but always got money to go buy weed 
 thats not even a regular hot dog  that shit was a half smoke 
 bitches dont want no smoke  yall hoes play hard 
 i dont smoke what ant talking about
 crack is cheap  i make too much money to smoke crack i c o n i c 
 i didnt want to smoke  but im hiiigh so im chillin.
 i smoke thats it lol 
 so many flavors dont know what to smoke 
 i can not explain how much i smoked today lmao
 too many uppers in my life this weekend. why cant someone sell me some gd weed at 2am dont you want this paper
 how do you ask someone if they smoke crack  i needz to know cuz i suspect one of my employees on the glass dick.. 
 you smoke too much 
 stout im gonna call the cops if you dont stop smoking weed. im 3 numbers away man  
 i dont sell crack  motherfucker  i smoke it 
 @youtube all that money flowing tonight over a football game and much for marijuana
 @titusnation hahaha that made me laugh so hard. ill try and sneak in as much weed as i can.
 i bought 10 worth of beer earlier today and i could of used that money to buy more weed instead
 this nigga really unfollowed me because i said i dont smoke papers 
 she rolling weed and she dont even smoke
 i love people that can smoke and hold long conversations just dont kill my high please.
 you said you want some smoke nigga puff it up
 ya mcm used all ya squirrel fund money to buy weed
 smoke weed  pop pills  sip drinks and never come down
 move a hunnid pounds of weed my plug like how da fuck u do dat
 now i remember why i dont smoke 
 bong appetit is legit my fave show on viceland. it honestly makes me want to become a weed chef. cus nothing is better than food and weed
 i always wonder why people flaunt that they smoke weed
  it i smoke by myself 247 anyways
 thats not even that much weed tho 
 ion even smoke nomo.
 after hearing what i heard u should really be careful who you eat drink and smoke after bc u dont know what they had in their mouth before
 this weed isnt putting me to sleep
 i just wish i could smoke with him. i never got a chance to. now he doesnt anymore but he always has good shit for me.
 somebody ho card  who want dat smoke 
 dont stress over me babygirl smoke dope
 lj  i can tell you dont smoke cigarettes because of the sweater youre wearing..
 i dont smoke crack muthafuckaa i sell it
 hash is the crack of weed
 id rather spend my money on weed than hookah any day. yall niggas be tripping
 dont smoke to escape reality  smoke to make it bearable.
  oh youre a freshman you dont smoke yet 
 dont like the muslimban  dont like arresting marijuana users dont like civil rights fakers then 
 you dont want no smoke you couldnt handle cancer
 im kinda over weed  dare i say. i used to smoke 247 ..theres so much more productive shit id rather do  like find true love amp have kids
 being a smoker in winter sucks  but smoking in general sucks worse. so glad i dont smoke anymore. disgusting habit.
 cigarette smokers dont care about your life
 niggias dont want no smoke its good
 we gon make sum money amp smoke the dope.
 niggas dont want smoke 
 who wants to smoke i really need to smoke
 damn so much smoke had to breezy out the whip yep bitch im smoking weed in 6 
 id rather be ya n i g g a so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day 
 sad to say that i just want to drink and smoke all of this pain away.
 maybe you were used to smoking weed laced with a dab of crack and you aint getting your daily dosage 
 literally the definition of stressed and a mf will wonder why i smoke so much
 it amazes me how people smoke everyday but dont have any money
 let me leave her frog looking ass alone she dont want no smoke 
 @tricethatruth bye u dont want no smoke
 i woke up in a im the greatest rapper mood. who want smoke. live bars not 140
 she dont smoke cigarettes  and i dont wear cheap cologne.
 i dont smoke  i just like weed
 always gotta tell auri i dont want no smoke... she be ready to fight 
 i know you dont like that smell when i be smoking reefer.
 crack is wack  i make too much money to smoke crack 
 this is me and ion even smoke 
 these young niggas dont know shit bout weed lol
 rollin up dope they like u smoke too much
 ion really think these niqqas want smoke pistol @teampicass0 i put my jersey shooters on 
 amp by productive i mean smoke weed and play resident evil on you if you had some preconceived op ion i wasnt gonna be a waste fam p
 you owe me like 200 but its cool ig you keep spending all your money on weed amp cigs.
 tip to self spend all my money on make up amp weed... i wont have any money left for food 
 niggas dont like putting in  back home we smoke out the bag 
 i smoke and ion even get high nomore
 yaint put enough weed in it  all you do is smoke tobacco
 bout pop this advil  smoke sum amp try to make this a good day.
 bout to pop this advil  smoke sum amp try to make this a good day.
 this nigga really just called me and bitched about me not buying weed from him lmfao
 i just want to be with someone who touches me inappropriately where ever when ever  go out to get food   smokes   and laughs at my jokes
 i love weed so dam much 
 i dont really have a big appetite if i dont smoke 
 i smoke blunts on the regular fuck when it counts ima tryna make a million dollars out a quarter ounce
 ayo fax  they smoke da chow get slayed by a couple niggas and think its green light  naw 
 all i want is gas  smoke  in the air
 no drug trials i see more people turning to marijuana for a safe treatment option. 
 like bitch i dont even smoke so stop looking this way.
 my nigga i do not pop bars or neither do i smoke cigarettes.. so dont offer or ask for either..
 really just so excited that i dont have to hear any poorly contrived weedrelated word play about the super bowl for another year 
 i know my weed 
 dont want a kiss  dont want a hug  just smoke my cigarette and hush
 my parents are the reason why i smoke so fucking much .
 ordered this shirt from a company in nyc amp they sent me a pack of rolling papers with it lol  i dont even smoke.
 @michelleyfit i dont smoke
 havent smoked a cigeratte in months ampi dont even crave them anymore. if youre trying to quit dont give up its not that hard. willpower
 commercials for quitting smoking make me want to go for a smoke
 i dont know how yall smoke cigs 
 it aint nothing compared to kings work still need weed money an drugs lol love it love it
 wisconsin democrats make push for medical marijuana 
 i smoke til my lungs bleed and my brain melts i dont give a fuck
 yeah. im not doin no more drugs   just weed n water bro. 
 niggas that smoke swishers always wanna criticize the cig smokers like they didnt break the 2017 smoke commandments.
 crack is cheap okay...lets get that straight. i make too much money to ever smoke crack. she was off that coke d 
 @thatjackdaniel @nataliefaulk  sorry. but we still know he is evil and wants the demise of us as we know it.where theres smoke theres fire
 making good money and got your own shit and realize how much they slept on you at nsu just cause you smoked all day but thats okay too
 i dont smoke but today makes me want a cigarette
 only thing i want on credit is weed its a culture thing lol anything else ion want the extra stress
 @sensherrodbrown so u really want  to spend money on dumbasses who mis use drugs but will tax the fuck out of people who smoke.
 i jus want that one girl i can eat all day   smoke amp make money wit 
 im cool with people saying i have potential but i want to make sure that potential is manifested. bad habits have to be weeded out.
 @joebagger @treysimpson @micahbrownboi and i is our team tbh. no body wants smoke lmao
 ilikepeoplewho can smoke as much as i can 
 walked in on these freshmen smokeing in the bathroom they said ill let you hit it if you dont tell nigga i dont want your bunk weed
 this why ion smoke all my weed 
 what type of laced ass weed yall smokin 
 when you hangout with the smoker but you dont even smoke you just like going on the breaks haha
 so i drink and i smoke and i ask you if your ever around
 i want to smoke
 roll my tacos and smoke your weed. will do  amp count this chicken bihh.
 niggas be hating on me and idek why  but its cool i know nobody about the smoke around here
 we dont smoke boof no mo we smoke that rapper weed
 give me household objects i can smoke weed out of pls thx
 to smoke with me  baby lay with me  baby  laugh with me  baby   i just want the simple things
 i dont even smoke weed anymore but i would still love to own a homer simpson head bong
 people passing faster than i pass the weed  my daddy tell me stay strong son and be the man you have to be
 you put enough money behind any artist and you can make them a thing in the publics eye.. its all smoke amp mirrors. consume
 i dont buy clothes when im in dc i only buy weed and food
 @mitchellvii do you have an issue with cannabis please remember it is life saving medicine for many ppl  saved my cousins life from cancer
 you want some weed  you want some food  what else you want  thats it but later on imma want some dick
 ion do shit at work but smoke tweet and listen to music
 i still think weed should be the next uc location bc like its far enough north that its actually in northern cali
 when you have to buy a gram cause you dont have friends to smoke you out 
 @jasiri bro we smoked before but not no smoke out shit but we can always set that up lol
 meme katie wouldnt eat a weed brownie with me because she was trying to lose weight
 i dont like to share my drugs  cuz all theese niggas wanna smoke my bud
 so yachty since he say dat he dont smoke
 literally me as fuck this is why i dont smoke hahahaha 
 this pothead just told me they should make receipts smokeable 
 when youve smoked already twice today and you jus feelin sleepy now lmao
 why do i smoke so damn much man...
 kick ass amp dont smoke meth. you cant say i never gave you advice @juniorcross2 thank u
   weed makes me so sleepy yo.
 its stupid hilarious to read the comments people who smoke weed make defending marijuana and how it isnt a drug. yall addicted  gtfoh. 
 all we do is fuck   get money   smoke weed ..
 niggas smoke for a year  siplean  pop pills and think theyre drug experts   shut up
 calling me lame because i dont smoke or drink or party will not make me do it nor will i care what you think of me
 dont smoke no more  dont fuck with as much people anymore  getting my car soon. godisgreat
 @chrismarvil @chrismarvil is that what marijuanas like i dont know. professor john e. williamson
 offsays are dangerous ta stoners. dont kno boutchall but i tend ta smoke my shit up
 if i cannot smoke in your car dont ask me to go anywhere with you  we are not on the same level 
 aint shit to do except smoke weed  smash hoes  and get money  
 you ever smoke some that look it could kill u
 ended up dressed like mac demarco today... hopefully if i smoke enough cigs like him ill die soon too woohoo
 listen hear charlie you sound ignorant as fuck saying i huff gun smoke when its all smokeless powder dumb fuck 
 when i can smoke again when my dad stops drug testing me im about to smoke a mf pound.
 baby save the roach for me cause i need weed too
 smokings bad for you guys... dont smoke.
 all i want for my birthday is a whole lot of weed
 dont understand why some people think weed is trashy when its the same ones who get blacked at parties and make a fool of themselves
 domt smoke no more but im a call away from rolling it up
 glad ive been grinding im ahead in all my classes so i dont got shit to do but smoke weed tonight 
 bro i really forgot my weed before class....
 i buy organic cigarettes because even though i smoke  i still like to think im better than you.
 if ya plug asking for weed  you jus needa new plug
 yeah i smoke so much my lungs are pretty much just weed so im high 24 fucking 7 
 lol bro all dark skin girls smoke blacks
 i just want all the money happiness food and weed 
 @lunethegoon i dont sell it i smoke it  hahah
 i dont smoke i dont know the correct answer my gc is just arguing ok
 if she smoke swishers we dont miss her
 yes  i am a fan of edm no  i am not part of plur fam and dont go to shows covered in beads that say  x2c and smoke weed up to my elbows
 do boys actually care if a girl smokes weed or not..lmao
 broke college kids would have more money if they didnt spend it on alcohol amp weed
 i had a 5 day tolerance break and i just smoked  im so fucking high out in public n i dont know how to act
 jk i need to act somewhat mature anyways if anyone wants to chat and smoke and doodle with me ill be at madhouse
 niggas dont want smoke 
 i dont smoke weed recreational  i use it as medicine  i space it out during the day depending on   how i feel. weed is not a drug 
 i want to go smoke
 is there any men that dont smoke or drink lol
 california weed is so strong  i dont even smoke a whole blunt anymore tbh
 when you dont hit up the weed dude for a while 
 he still smokes dope 
 dont ask me why i dont smoke.
 i spend too much money on weed 
 me smoke yo weed just be gettin yo money baby girl 
 i love girls who smoke the vibe just be so dope 
 he dont want no smoke brodie let him talk 
 fucking beer and weed. fuck a break. yall keep me on my toes along with music.
 from smoking too much weed. iso why butnjts a life goal dont @ me 
 @zhumusic makes me want to just sit on a balcony  smoke  and vibe.
 haaaate people that smoke milds like dutches . like what are you in hailing    cancer 
 now im tryna sell some dope   i aint talking weed and rocks
 now money is the only thing im chasing... and some dope dimes and smoke coke lines.
 from smoking too much weed. idk why but its always been a life goal dont @ me 
 that doesnt make sense. i dont smoke. i dont drink. i recycle.joseph gordonlevitt  5050 @hitrecordjoe 
 that doesnt make sense. i dont smoke. i dont drink. i recycle.joseph gordonlevitt  5050 @hitrecordjoe 
 ion even smoke like dat 
 ion even smoke but shittttttt
 @ohhkayy i dont want no smoke
 do you trust what i trust me myself and i. penetrate the smoke screen i see through the selfish lie metallica
 all girls want to now is smoke never want to have fun smh 
 all girls want to do now is smoke never want to have fun smh 
 ill pop out at night  raccoon shit. but you could still get smoked at noon 
 bro i needa stop smoking so much weed. i just took a shit and it was green
 who want smoke wit me in ball i really dont lose
 yall be sounding like crack heads off da weed lmao
 i want to smoke weeeeeed
 just read an article about people robbing a disabled man for a 100 to buy weed. smdh get a job you fuckin bums 
 actually its not my last smoke  i just dont want to give you any
 lets sell some smoke some then count our revenue.
 ladies this is why we always ask  you smoke 
 i make too much money to smoke crack mood
 or you just real from the beginning and you dont even need the weed 
 you dont do nothing but sit around the house amp smoke weed all day..broke ass.
 @canncreativ fuck with the culture wants i say. the people want weed dammit no more lines and fuck walking
 i feel so lame explaining to people that i dont really enjoy smoking weed
 @matthewhrenak @brian51207316 @foxnews @customsborder no one cares about mexican marijuana anymore  we want good ole u.s.a.oxycotin
 i honestly dont really care about smoking weed anymore.
 want to watch superbad but i have no weed 
 ion smoke no more 
 i need to smoke just to exhale
 if you didnt smoke weed today did ya really say happy birthday to bob
 friend i just dont want to be weeded out when talking about pre med.
 dropping weed in the crack of your car seat is the most frustrating shit ever
 @umslag yes i smoke the marijuana quite very frequent
 everybody smokes and drinks  i feel like a real rebel now that i dont
 i dont smoke  
 i already dont smoke.. and idc about a fat ass.. so either or 
 so who wants to smoke yano i got that  
 them you smoke to much  me 
 lmao everybody knows im the best person to smoke with  ill put you on.
 dont understand how you niggas flex money 247   smoke weed all day but yet yo transportation is everybody else
 yall really turning down free food and getting smoked out lol damnnnnn  
 this is why i dont smoke by myself.
 lol we didnt even realize our boss gave us weed lean. 
 owe you what what you want some weed
 eat enough  sleep enough  drink enough  smoke enough healthy living
 i like smokin weed  i like gettin fly.
 everybody tryna sell weed now   yall boys are the sweetest  eat
 its so hard to eat healthy when you smoke this much
 they looking for the coke  for the pills  for the molly  for the weed  for the lean
 i never want 2 smoke weed with the same person 
 dee on ft smoken str8 huff 
 @mcfaul @terrymoran  you stop it. you dont even like the military . you just blowing smoke out of your a. military got @potus back lib
 im finna start telling on everybody that use someone elses pee for drug test. im snitching fam   cause ion smoke bitch 
 when people say this is good cuddlingcaking weather. i think like how many jackets i have to put on just to smoke a blunt outside lmao
 @gabedayparade you wouldnt even come smoke so i know your ass wouldnt
 some people dont have to smoke weed...its okay if you dont.
 im gonna start smoking weed to get my mind off of you hahzhwhsh what bro
 honestly bro i just be at home by myself chillin in my backyard smokin weed. life is good man
 ion smoke we just vibing
 temer know if he wake me up it better be to smoke. 
 if you dont smoke  stop trying to talk to me.
 i smoke so much when im drunk
 niggas always talk about how much money they have but stealing weed from young niggas lol ok
 desperatly want to go out and smoke but i desperatly dont want to put on pants
 smoking weed is played out ijs. some of yall niggas spend your last ten on a blunt and stay hungry for the rest of the week. backwards
 yeah i smoke meth .. dont @ me
 prince harry smokes kate  will in charity race 
 anybody you ask will tell you.. yeah them niggas smoke loud
 this whole world want marijuana legalized i just want 500k for the needed times
 i dont smoke but lol @ the nugget my excuada posted up. que mamadas dude.
 my favorite thing to do is roll blunts while faded to smoke w a dope ass dude
 keep tellin myself iono need to smoke   dont buy weed   dont smoke   dont buy weed .
 @cloudn9nesyrup i want to go off on that crime page but whats the fucking point they are stupid... anyone who thinks cannabis is bad doesnt
 im starting to believe i dont make friends like that because i dont smoke
 anybody elses mouth get spicy after you smoke a blunt sometimes does that even make sense help
 i just realized i have 4 followers. now i feel pressure to be witty and profound. really  i just want to go pull weeds.
 @hdboobs ashley is a total fucking smoke show 
 no joke  most dope  you just bowl smoke  how much coke you gotta sell to make a boat float
 how you her nigga but kissing on me    tell your bitch spend time with you smoke with you and take you where you need to go. 
 dude wants to buy a pound of weed  boy hope you know im strapped and you aint finessing anyone 
 just because you have been smoking weed since you where in grade 7 doesnt make you hard or give you the right to say niggah 
 blazing og  ion smoke no fucking purple haze
 day 1 of no smoke tryin 
 when the trade say nah we gone smoke in my room my people aint home 
 i smoke a pack a day and dont fear lung cancer  but xrays scare me and will worry me about getting cancer ...
 they say marijuana is a gateway drug. i disagree. i was my own gateway drug. if it altered my mind i liked it
 i smoke 2 just to disappear
 too much dope i smoke away all my calories 
 the only logical reason to why asians smoke so much is because they have the cure to cancer 
 these boys dont want no smoke they dont want no cancer.
 do all parents smoke crack what the fuck are they talking about lol 
 i smoke that rosa park  that shit dont make you move
 i smoke that rosa parks  that shit dont make you move
 i smoke way too much 
 lets talk about hemp baby.. hemp seeds contain both essential fatty acids necessary for muscle 
 @newday @jimjordan instead of smoke and mirrors mr. jordan  why dont you concentrate on the herion epidemic in your state dont care yes
 dont stress over me  baby smoke dope
 i find myself very repulsed by news images of smoking  smoke rolling out of a mouth  the way the face forms  or even images of cigarettes
 so i got kicked out but i moved in with my grandparents who dont necessarily care if a smoke sooo... win win situation
 so what we get drunk so what we smoke weed we just having fun we dont care who sees so what we go out thats how i 
 tell your plug to tell they plug they girl love r60llxn up our weed cuz its better 
 need to hurry and smoke a few blunts 
 i just want to smoke weed  wit a bad bitch
 lets smoke weed  and watch full metal alchemist.
 summer amp jerrica think its a gameno lucci  matter of fact ima jerrica name like young thug gf name  jerika dem gettin that smoke
 people who always want you smoke them up then you find out they matching other people  goofy
 you dont smoke though
 how you shoot weed  this how i know you playing with me lmao. 
 they dont want no smoke  model misslivfit  mua mayramania  greensboro ncphotographer 
 if it aint that gd kush i dont wanna smoke it 
 @cnnhealth better to smoke   ecigarette  than smoke crack...
 roll up dope say i smoke too much.
 i hate them annoying hoes that hml just to smoke but dont be tryna match im only smoking u out if u bad amp im tryna fwy
 crazy thing is i aint sold no weed in 2days but im making money  lol young trap nigga 
 i dont know why my son is a heroin addict maybe because you allowed him to drink beer and smoke pot at 12  intervention
 i have like half an o but nobody wants to smoke
 ion smoke liquor nomore
  im the sipper most of the time but also the happy one when i know its good weed 
 i dont smoke crack  muhfuckkah i sell ittttttt
 it is beyond me why young people smoke cigarettes with all the health issues that we now know comes with smoking.
 niggas really know how to smoke mines at this job son. havent even been here for 5 minutes and im tight.
 i aint buying weed from mfs that show no respect.
 my moms still dont know i smoke lol
 i want to see a hard core gang banging ego drowned mf smoke some dmt be the funniest shit ever
 continue to smoke and remain g as fuck.
 dont say youd smoke dk unless youre actually going to do it 
 people be talking like weed has a age on it. damn if you dont smoke.. cool stfu
 @drilara24 i dont smoke  i heard that works for a lot of people tho
 @nunusmellz @daylyt2k translationdom i dont want smoke
 i work with a bunch of undercover kkk members but they dont want no smoke with me
 they dont want no smoke. they dont want no issues.
 how u hit a small amount of weed out a piece of metal and a water bottle and feel higher cause that metal and butane yall tweakin
 im high amp i didnt even smoke
 @ampedasia   messing. up. boss. dont panic. smoke. figure it. out. lol. pc. dummy.   no. teacher. eloped. with. ba 
 ima eat some cereal before i smoke cause i really want some
 just trying to smoke and chill with @sethrogen  dont ignore me
 i dont even want a relationship just somebody to kick it with amp smoke a blunt or 4  .
 damn shame im basing me staying at work all day on my weedmans response to my text .......
 nomore smokin weed
 i dont understand why people have to drink n smoke all the time like are yall not tired of that .
 idk what to think cause the cats going to look tight as fuck but then again does the cat even smoke cigarettes and 
 all my friends quitting weed meanwhile my ass lasted not even a full day fuck
 niggas will pull up w a g talking bout ima smoke you out then give you head  boy if you dont get
 dont be asking me to smoke with you  just so you can try to fuck
 i want smoke yall gone apologize facts stupid ass bitches 
 he wants to chill but nigga you dont smoke so no lmao
 dont ever ask me to smoke if you not passin woods 
 sorry i was in the weeds 
 @jfkucinich marijuana kills pain opioids kill people. legalize and declassify marijuana and classify opioids with smack. it works
 nahh fr ion even smoke but i tell everybody to shop with bro 
 anybody want to smoke w me
 you told me you dont even smoke  
 cause they arrested my weed man so i dont smoke no more smh 
 its about to be nomore weed for the plug lmfao
 i mean who want smoke frfr   
 sooo jesus was a glorified drug dealer healing people with marijuana i like this narrative.
 but ... if you dont want to smell like weed ... we have a stash bag for that. 
 how you smoke weed daily and dont know how to roll 
 i dont always eat oats  but when i do  they are drowned in coconut milk  hemp hearts and 
 even if you smoke up all they weed 
 fuck pussy ass fitzgeralds. not even a premier music venue. what music venue gets upset about ppl at a music show smokin weed
 niggas who dont smoke always got some shit to say about those who do. shut yo ass up and smoke a blunt
 ion smoke nothing else
 when your uncle says babygirl weed aint your problem... youll never have to pay for it again  i got you 
 im the reason that your bitch is smoking weed now 
 lol so what i smoke wtf does it have to do with you. high people are so much work  i hate high people like wtf. sorry i have fun
 why we have to weed out the bad ones  this guy right here. they dont care what side of politics you are on. stupid 
 i do not cover cannabis and i dont accept junkets. there  i think i just answered 30 of my emails. 
 she dont even smoke  just hit it once while she light it
 sessions said that people who smoke weed are bad people.  you know whos worse  people who make blanket statements about groups of people
 regrann from purplepowderdust  regrann from marijuanaplanet   my future garden be like 
 lol ion even wanna smoke no more
 you dont want no smoke though
 i tell my coworkers i smoke so i can use that as an excuse when i dont answer the phone 
 she dont even smoke but she swear i got that dope dick
 why not weed bro  
 i know i shouldnt smoke anymore but damn...
 when you know youre hungry  and you know all this food is delicious thats sitting in front of you  but still no appetite.  i need to smoke
 anybody care for a smoke
 i actually wanted a valentine this year.... so much for that ima smoke myself out tho and take myself out for drinks and food 
 when my friends dont feel good heres some holistic therapy.  when i dont feel good  takes 3 excedrins  4 shots  and smokes 2 bowls.
 this little girl is outta context. she dont even smoke 
 i just want to smoke
 ask my mom for 20 im trying to get some weed at 14
 lmfaooo like how you call me to ask me to hit my cousin for weed and you mad because his prices not benefical for you. foh bum
 niggas tryna save they weed smoking lil ass blunts 
 girls do spend money on stupid shit for real a girl who smoke will spend money on little weed shit that no one uses lmao
 i spend all my money on weed food and gas 
 this photo is not recent. i dont smoke anymore. 
 i could smoke endless dope in weather like dis
 it kinda doesnt even look like weed tho.
 she roll the weed n she dont even smoke
 i only like when lip gallagher smokes cigs ... 
 dont even try to talk to me if you smoke black amp milds. 
 some of yall really dont need to be selling weed thats disrespectful selling them small ass bags fr
 i got people telling me i smoke too much too tell em fuck you fuck you aye earl straight up to they faceeeeeerr
 im literally buying weed in craigslist with paypal right now.. ill let you guys know how it turns out.
 im literally buying weed right now on craigslist with paypal  ill let you guys know how it turns out.
 im not gonna stop smoking weed for someone looking to be temporary. give me a reason to stop or be one of the reasons i smoke it.
 its hard hanging w ppl that smoke cigs when you care about their health
 smoking weed doesnt make me a bad person just like how going to church doesnt make you a good a person.
 annoys me when ppl who smoke dont ever have a lighter
 all i want to do is smoke and eat
 olive garden breadsticks are like marijuana  addictive and deadly. jake
 i want to smoke but i dont need it
 can i just have a man that truly likes me  doesnt smoke amp wants to be my moms bestfriend
 dont sell me no bullshit weed cus ima be calling yo ass right back for yo mf money back
 seriously whats the point of doing drugs not weed before you come to work  i dont get it
 dont smoke crack
 i spend entirely too much money on weed amp food.
 lmao crazy. youn want park smoke 
 proverbs 420   my son  do you even smoke kush pussy
 your weed aint shit  you dont even flush it.
 smoking weed with someone is a good way to bond lmao yall start laughin bout the dumbest shit or talking about the deepest stuff
 i asked if she smoke  and she told me no  im smokin up all the weed 
 nah i had homies that would rather spend money on weed than food. be like nahhh buddy. u smoked your meal away . 
 nah dont really smoke 
 i smokei dont drink 
 i recommend that you blend. it just creates that smokey vibe that makes you feel some way. lol but yeah heres some 
 this why i cant fuck wit nyc shorty said she  prefers loud she shes. it wasting her money on it  so you rather smoke reggie all day
 my mom is aware of the fact that i smoke but i never smoke around her and she just saw me smoking now i feel bad 
 change yo @ name maam you dont even inhale when you smoke. thanks. 
 lets  get 1 thing straight  crack is cheap. i make too much money to smoke crack. we dont do that. crack izzzz whack
 aint nothing like weed amp crack money 
 approach me if you want to  i will smoke you like a swisher
 mango with a hint of weedgt 
 yall i just walked by this thot ass lil girl smoking weed like wtf
 these rap niggas dont want smoke. ill spank yo ass bitch
 maybe ill even get high on weed
 nah for real tho this gas smells soooo fucking good right now like i want to smoke it soooooo bad but i cant right now 
 my mom used to smoke with my friends then wanna sit up here amp say she dont like them . im really irritated with this lady 
 who wants to smoke
 i dont like weed aint nothing fun about smoking weed
 make them let u smoke weed where u want.
 smoking weed amp buying chocolate covered strawberries 
 smokin weed  feelin fine  steady gettin blowed devin the dude @ houston  texas 
 @joemiranda dont smoke
 got this margarita in me  now who wants to smoke lol
 tryna save ya weed smoking lil ass blunts
 how you got weed in your pocket but not money  priorities
 niggas dont want no smoke yall it must cost too much 
 dont want no negativity in the air i just want kush smoke in the air 
 just cuz u gotta pussy dont mean imma chase u baby only bitch i chase is my money and my weed lol
 my friends dont burn so im just gunna smoke by my self 
 do i have friends that dont smoke weed or nah
 ppl smoke the shittiest wax cause they wanna pay 30 a g
 dont smoke two blunts with me then ask me to go out thats how i fall asleep on your ass
 @mollykristine were they caught with weed or failed a test ill definitely take part if i can  i failed a test and didnt get as much as
 person you smoke tooo much  me 
 person you smoke tooo much me 
 just girls.. the only thing ill ask for is weed 
 just cause i smoke   cut my hair short  and act like a boy trust me im not gay 
 i dont date guys that smoke me 
 watching the smoke disappear like my motivation  nickglorioso 
 exhale great cannabis and let your mind elevate  designerhighdenver wheresthefun 
 idk how mfs spend they last on weed  i rather be sober as shit than broke as shit
 smokin weed to 70s music
 its really a joke that weed is in the same category as mf heroin and crack
 i think i smoke too much
 dont stress over me baby girl smoke dope.
 and if @sethrogen doesnt wanna have sex. we can always just smoke a bowl together and drink beer 
 cause i like weed 
 i dont want no cute shit lmao. just cuddle with me and we can smoke good dope 
 about to roll up all my weed because i dont give a fuck
 she say she want to smoke with a real one
 the submissive will not drink alcohol in access  smoke  or do drugs.
 saying they barely make money  but yet waste it on pills  meth  or weed. the high must be worth it  who cares about ur reputation amp kids 
 no more fake kicking it niggas pulling up for a smoke out  but you aint even day1
 i cant jump as high as i used to  i smoke too much 
 im mad i start smoking weed cause now i dont know how to stop
 mfs act like i smoke ....
 i honestly dont think i could stop smoking weed for some guy.
 all because some stupid bitch wanted to talk shit.... lol witcho weed smoking  crack smoking  3 different baby daddys ass
 springy weather makes me want a boo to do cute shit with outside like  smoke rides nothing too outdoorsy lol
 who wants to smoke 
 i would say i dont smoke anymore but ya know 
 but i just played coo and was lol a hotel room for what  i dont need to smoke.. i told him we can meet at bww cause im fat 
 @richdowney1 @tedcruz  dont you mean like a vermont smoked ham  
 i do this all the time amp i dont even smoke  
 its some bullshit how pills and all the other bad drugs are in your system for a week  when weeds in your system for a month
 really want to smoke but weed men dont answer when you need them to 
 anybody that smoke crack do dope too
 free smoke for everybody ion care
 shouldve saved that little bit of weed i had smh  i dont think when i drink
 does anybody know how to shut off a smoke detector
 im really feeling like i should smoke a ton and then watch wiz khalifa and martha stewarts cooking show.
 money amp weed 
 i wish my nephew was grown man i dont want to smoke this blunt alone 
 really really want to smoke rn. 
 ion need bitches i got weed
 now im smokin weed by the saaaaand
 bruhh its not even smoke day fridays anymore  its smoke day every day now  
 u ever take a minute to admire ur weed this shit beautiful bro 
 i dont smoke a lot no more  all i need is one puff you ride with me you vibe with me i always felt like thats enough
 lets just smoke   fuck   and yu tell me how ya day was
 want my baby here to smoke one with ah g
 its 2017 and people still think weed is a harmful drug what
 at least yatchy suburban ass dont smoke or drink. his voice just make me itch. noiseyatl
 i hate when people hmu saying moke some dope like wtf is moke lmao i will not smoke nothing with you while you sounding dumb 
 so im rolling up i asked my coworkers do they wanna smoke with me this nigga like no i dont smoke weed i said so whats that he said wet 
 no one ever believes me when i tell them i dont smoke.. its disgusting and id die.
 smh i have absolutely no respect for people who smoke cigs.
 he really just bought 100 worth of weed 
 i hope my og man dont find my stash. he will smoke it. 
 re up on that khalifa kush shits fire.. smoke all this shit to my self and maybe some friends to match
 someone smoke with meeee
 can someone give me their opinion and tell me whats wrong with smoking weed 
 get smoked fucking with them boys watch ya self
 being the only person in the car that dont smoke 
 i hate buying weed from new ppl 
 when ya boo a weed man and you light up some shit he aint give you the first thing you hear is what you smoking on 
 u kno we drink good smoke betta count money whats better
 what happens when you drink an entire bottle of weed lube  via @broadly
 you say you want some smoke  bitchh puff it up
 i want to smoke
 if you cant put me in a studio for 3 months with a pound of weed and no responsibilities but to make music i dont want your record deal
 @laurenle lol no i dont smoke....
 i smoke rapper weed  dae dae
 i dont even have weed to be sharing with you either
 i have weed i just dont got swishers .... .
 for me its weed amp money 
 who wants weed for ten a g
 i always talk about not having money  but i spend so so so much money on marijuana. when i think about it i hate myself  but im living.
 gatta smoke my dope
 i dont smoke  i dont drink. i dont cuss. i dont get horny. i dont eat. 
 ill save so much money if i didnt smoke  
 i want to fucking smoke
 and she doesnt care that i smoke 
 girls.. i ask em do they smoke
 i have a cough that gets worse the longer i dont smoke weed
 i want a blunt so i can take all the pain away but i dont even smoke nomo
 i dont smoke crack mother fucker i sell it 
 okay but real talk  i truly dont understand why weed is so frowned upon 
 you probably think you can snort weed 
 why do ya think selling drugs shouldnt be punished do ya know how many ppl die from overdoses. and i aint talkin bout weed 
 not enough weed  dabs  drugs nothing to get over this....
 ion smoke at all and i rarely drink so neither 
 what we do we look to space nasa tell these people what we can an cant drink an eat or smoke its needed
 were on a horcrux hunt and dont think we dont know how to weed em 
 the smoke keep gettin in my fuckin eye 
 i love this song   i dont know but it makes me want to get high but i dont even smoke 
 so im expected to just watch wiz khalifa bowl and just act like im okay like this nigga not legendary to the weed  music world
 i dont smoke crack mothafucka i sell itttttt
 how did five grams of weed magically disappear out of my fucking room.
 @cnnbrk and there r so many girls that dont have jobs and will take the money .. to blow and blow smoke into the white boys lungs...a kiss.
 i want smoke
 i just smoked a blunt wit yah homie sippin he cheating he saying shit but why you wit her dd lol more dl
 people often ask me why i smoke so much
 in case yall hoes didnt know  im allergic to hemp.
 all we want to do is smoke and fuck some hoes
 yes i love her like pussy money weed pussy money weed 
 i wish weed could roll it self lord knows i dont feel like it
 @rihanna i dont need i did bleed so i plant my seed do a good deed medicinal weed maybe baby dont play me slay me dont want be a savage.
 one time a self proclaimed stoner said i wasnt allowed to make 420 jokes because i dont smoke weed
 dope and weed
 also people always think im high amp its really annoying cuz i dont smoke weed. im just weird and my eyes are dry from my contacts
 idk why im always broke i say as i spend my last 70 till payday on weed
 my dumbass throught the first look was a giant hat smh i dont even smoke weed and i need to put the blunt down 
 really just want a wrap rn to smoke this bag
 a04560 new provides that testing positive for marihuana on a drug test shall not be determinative of whether a ... 
 cigarette smoke is her perfume
 medical marijuana want more dispensaries fewer more people to get treatment or less today is your chance to let 
 if i could get back all the money ive ever spent on weed i wonder how much i would have
 you dont want no smoke
 i mean weed 
 everyday i see the way weed smokers tweet and it makes me never ever want to smoke..... yall deep af for no reason
 wisconsin senate expected to pass marijuana extract today 
 fuck a vase full of roses  she wants weed in a jar
 wisconsin senate expected to pass marijuana extract 
 i can tell u smoking on some stress cus ya smoke transparent
 roll up and smoke ya drugs wit me
 lsd amp weed are helping people feel better without dangerous side effects that socalled medicine gives.... legalize now
 be a tough act to follow i just want someone real someone true smoke with me baby simple things 
 weed even though i dont smoke 
 dont give me no bammer weed
 @yovannyjs weed bro
 @wcmclyrical i dont smoke 
 if you dealt with what i dealt with for 3 years you would go off too nigga they dont have weed strong enough for the stress lmfao 
 @robinboness so an unstable chaotic blend of smoke screens is like not how a regime seizes power
 all im saying is if you smoke and drink dont try and tell me about my eating habits
 like who cares what kind and how much weed you smoke.. at the end of the day you gone be high regardless .....  clowns 
 care about my weed and myself  im selfish but thats the way that i succeed.
 people on my snap that smoke daily some of yall broads look like yall smoking more than weed. yall startin to look like addicts
 if you still smoke swishers theres no way your smoking gas stopmeifimwrong
 want to smoke dont want to get out of bed to cop smh
 my laugh is so horrid rn sound like cigarette smoker 
 the fact that baby mommasdaddys are looked down on if they smoke weed but nothing is said when they drink alcohol or smoke cigarretes  smh
 i like weed more than people cause weed never let me down
 you dont want no smoke  you dont want no cancer 
 only smoke piff blounts so dont ask me bout a joe
 this asshole is outside the bus stop smoking weed on a busy street. i dont want that shit blowing my way
 so much weed smokin in my plans today lol 
 i use to smoke od weed back in the days where niggas use to get judged for smoking weed
 weed really make a nigga lose weight   if u smoke it like u suppose to
 wow man i realized as i smoke this weed  i take a kind of aggressive stance online  and i just want to say im chill brother
 i want my own place so i can smoke and take a shit
 so is @brokenlizard ever gonna make that weedfest movie or nah
 i quit smoking so dont ask me to smoke or match cause ima say yea lmao this is me   
 dont smoke 
 @smokedza happy bday kush god. you know i got that dont smoke rock on all day. rightttttt 
 on the xans vibin  i just float. ask me how im flyin  i just smoke. ask me how i got it  i dont know. 
 people really hate the smoke bro lol
 lmao why yall make smoke dates ghetto smh
 lol wait  did they cut a lime for a drink and find 2 gs ...like how do you think to check limes for weed 
 angelica this weed smells so good test it out  dont gotta tell me twice ... bong or pipe
 nobody want smoke 
 ayee it tc da loc got money got weed  
 or just give them all to me so i can make sure you dont smoke 
 i wake up.. i smoke up...
 why does colorado have to be so expensive now fuck you weed tourists and transplants i hope yall get genocided.
 hair growth and weight loss weed
 finding an article about 2 tons of marijuana disguised as limes makes sifting through depressing news stories worth it
 you know you smoke too much when an 8th doesnt last a week 
 i just want to government to stay out of my weed and out of my pussy.
 sitting at the dr amp all i can smell if reefer...i dont even have any on me  shit  i dont even smoke yet today...oh wait..i did...nvm..
 my mom thinks an ounce is too much to smoke in a day lmao shes gonna be hella surprised on my bday
 niggas will spend they whole check on some weed
 work stack my money smoke my weed amp cool out
 people are rallying with signs in hand in support of legalizing marijuana saying it has the potential to save lives. 
 @danprimack smoke hard drugs alcohol chizza
 @angelsrejoice03 your son his name is mark he is not saved but he does do drugs weed nothing big that i know he works so pray for him
 happy birthday to my nigga smoke smoke dza. @smokedza  @nyknicks @ harlem tavern 
 i dont understand why people smoke. its disgusting and it makes you smell so bad. and oh yeah you can get cancer from it
 @netanyaalewis lol me too  but guess what fuck it  but im jp dont smoke.
 rappin bout smokin that killa n dont even smoke killa  even if you did i wouldnt even smoke wit ya
 im buying so much motherfucking weed and im gonna be so motherfucking high  
 aye dm me if you dont smoke and your trynna make some money
 aye dm me  if you dont smoke and youre trynna make some money lmao
 lunch is weird cuz i dont smoke anymore ill just smoke that broccoli
 @404drew @610illdill im wit it bro. definitely gotta have a smoke sesh real soon
 i want to be interviews about my music not the weed i smoke lmfao
 the way she dont inhale that smoke 
 it dont take much to keep me happy  just make sure im not sexually frustrated  feed me  and smoke a blunt with me here and there 
 13th question continued i dont want to be a criminal  i just want to medicate. unfair to compare marijuana to alcohol.
 she dont want no smoke with megan brown tho 
 @saminigro is that weed in his basket 
 i see this everyday  people walk into dispensaries buying weed strains with the cutest names.
 ask them do they smoke ask what do they know 
 i dont even smoke  but like damn why hasnt someone grabbed that
 how much  yall think yall done spent on weed 
 dont play w my money  food or weed i will go offfffff
 what you smokin on nigga thats a bag full of trash. i was in the 9th grade smokin weed after class
 we cant even buy booze on sunday in mn. we wont get weed until thats reversed...even tho we all know which is the danger to society.
 im coo with my girl smoking weed amp blacks but ion do that pill popping shit  yall got that 
 who ever thinks marijuana is a gateway drug is living in prehistoric times. thats like saying the earth is flat 
 know mf lame talking bout match me who say that shit anymore better smoke that shit iswea
 god im so glad i dont smoke cigarettes anymore. that shit is disgusting
 molly percs and weed you know these bitched love to eat
 molly percs and weed you know these bitches love to eat
 ive blacked out on weed amp alcohol before so i know a woman thats 50lbs lighter could. and you cant tell either. it look like we up but nah
 first of all  crack is cheap. ive made too much money to ever smoke crack. lets get that straight  okay  whitney the g.o.a.t.
 i real life love getting high. i dont care what nobody think. i fuck with marijuana tough.
 yall really be spending money on weed
 gay trappers really sell pills or weed. i never met a gay plug selling nothing heavier than that
 you dont want no smoke with me kid 
 i hate smoking woods with a mf that dont know how to smoke 
 especially smoking with 2 people mfs gone hold the blunt forever smoke all my shit down i rather face fuck u mean
 lmao yes like only a crackhead would pop bars and smoke cigs for fun  
 dont smoke cigarettes guys and gals. 
 i want to get tatted and i want to get weed... but i have bills i have to pay.
 od long. no room for smoke breaks either man im tight 
 i just found half a rolled blunt on the floor  i dont even smoke lmaooooo
 ion smoke cigarettes
 i dont want goooo if its not no weed there 
 so i bought a pack of shells and i dont smoke anymore but hey 18 why not so who wants them lmao
 i love weed but go sober for 2 weeks and tell me you dont feel like god in the flesh. tell me you dont feel yourself shining
 i gotta take a wizz test to my p.o.  i know i failed cause i done smoke major weed bro
 bruh if i sold weed i would plug every single body. shit  thats how you keep clientele.
 shids funny 2 me tho.... who wants smoke   and i dont even smoke... unless we talking 
 nigga just because weed laced dont mean you about to die lol it could just be an extreme high 
 i smoke way too much up here
 im sad and i just want someone to smoke with me and make me feel better
 my lil cousin got a lil live ass plug  but really im the livest plug they think houston weed the mtf shit down here
 @endzzo i dont even know how i bought your weed 
 i dont want no friends i want some weed  want some killers
 everybody smokes  youre a rebel if you dont.
 dope n weed are 2 different things. stop tweeting ab how much you love dope  u sound dumb.
 im the blunt  and hes the smoker.     i need medicine  and hes the perfect drug.  @emercedes 
 dont brag about smoking weed in college its like bragging about taking a shit like bruh we all do that
 so ive been 2 days weed free and i know it aint shit but to me thats progress 
 i dont like telling my mom im about to go smoke  idk... i just dont fell right saying it to my mother.
 i dont mean to be bitchy but.. if u smoke cigarettes  please be mindful of how bad it makes u smell. everyone around u is struggling.
 i dont smoke those things 
 @anncleckler lol i dont smoke but i may tonight
 i used to smoke swishers like a regular nigga  now im a backwoods type of nigga
 why do i imagine this with the emphasis of someone saying  how you sell crack and smoke it 
 dont even have an appetite rn  finna smoke real quik
 @fatshooter yes. we got 4 weeks worth of products for free. then we have to buy own own. but better than continuing to smoke
 @speeedwolf skittles ass weed
 im just trying to smoke and my neighbor wants to talk foreverrrrr
 but i dont smoke  
 everybody and they mothers know ion need to like about who i am  i kick it w the same people everyday smoke n work
 @summerseirra haha damn.  maybe its a sign you smoke too much.. hahaha jk 
 if you dont smoke weed  have an open mind or own a cat  then i dont see myself associating with you lol
 lol nigga dont wanna match  girl  another nigga will. and hell most certainly smoke you down.
 a big ole blizzard comin but i got my weed 4 lokos vodka and my gang so fuck wit me
 things i dont do is hang out with people who smoke n hang out with boys thats both not my type of people i fuck with sorry 
 i hate hoes who dont know how to smoke correctly 
 if anyone wants to buy  girl scout cookies not the weed let me know 
 all the counties suing drug companies i would think this falls back on pill mill docs not the maker of drugs.  no medicinal marijuana  too
 i dont understand people who skip class to smoke weed in the bathroom or elsewhere  i mean do you but theres a place and time for that 
 lv im on yo ahh... but nah bro a nigga aint smoked in a long as time... i just miss it like a mf 
 she think i be embarrassed when she tell me people i smoke boa idgaftb awe you like people to know lady you the one tellin em wtf
 lol the ppl that gave me shit for just smoking weed years back are the ones hitting me up to smoke now
 @ontherocksdc we were headed to ivy city smokehouse but ditched for aris. not disappointed.
 nigga u dont smoke
 i dont get how anybody smokes cigarettes to be honest
 @iloveraygun dont even know where to start referencing data on revenue amp where its used  distribution of marijuana tax revenue briefing.
 people that invest their money in alcohol  weed and strippers all the time are losing in life bad with out even realizing it.
 what you mean weed is illegal 
 niggas still calling off work just to stay home smoke and play 2k in 2017 nah.. i dont believe it lol
 papaw keeps talking about how much he wants weed...
 why dont you legalize marijuana  regulate put a tax on it that would pay for everyone health care and then somedonaldtrump
 crackheads are normal people.. they just smoke crack
 i jus sit hea n smoke just to keeo my focus.
 good thing they just looked at pounds of cannabis from strangers with microscopes and said  sure  bro. because  me 
 theyve got smart phones tvs cars why cant they make a smart smokedetector that can tell the difference between burnt toastampblazing inferno
 watching peakyblinders just makes me want to smoke and drink whiskey.  all day every day
 if you were here i would share my weed  i care that much.
 my psychiatrist told me i should start smoking weed again.
 i realize you really want to buy that weed but please stop holding the door of the train open to complete that transaction.
 i really want a dragon ball to stash my ganja 
 i mean ill even smoke a blunt wit u too
 catch me dropping 20 on some weed every day rather than some shitty fast food thats not even real  since yall wanna talk about priorities
 this is me everyday if i dont smoke 
 yall niggas need to learn about marijuana and chill pills 
 @amandaaapaige i dont make assumptions you live in a state where weed illegal
 i just smoke kush ion do drugs
 all this money nigga all this weed lookin at you man like what the fuck you really mean 
 if she smokes cigarettes her head game is unmatched
 nah. nobody i know is doing anything for 15. niggas who sell weed cheap have to sell it. real hustlers dont do de 
 i feel sorry for the people who cant be happy unless they smoke
 cant sleep anymore  what is life  even weed isnt helping....
 jus me myself my weed and my hoops  even better 
 my roommate dont smoke weed so i know ima use his piss for my drug test 
 i need some grass. weed men in belair sucks like where do yall be hiding  yall dont want no money
 if ya smoke  get ya own kush dont hit ah nigga blunt 
 we get it you like marijuana jeesh @sethrogen
 niggas let that weed shit get to they head just because you smoke dont make you stiff watch out
 man niggas drop blunts still gon smoke that mf tho. 
 these cats robbed floyd fuckin sims in his sleep bro with a gun   floyd says those retards didnt even take my phone or the weed 
 yo i got some weed..... its my nigga adam sandler over here. nigga we know who you is drug dealer talking to pete
 i want some lean fuck weed rn
 fuck jeff sessions. when he comes for your weed  johnson voters and bernie writein ppl  dont say we didnt warn you.
 i really just found at least half an ounce of weed in the bottom of my drawer....
 @hasanthehun guys hasan doesnt smoke anymore either. hasan will drink some small amount of liquor a handful of times per year
 im need some weed   and a little time off mind on overload  now.
 lean on me wanna my favorite movies lmao ...  ya smoke crack dont chu lmao  morgan freeman gone stay the same age forever
 who got weed in southwest philadelphia
 my moms think weed is crack  
 i dont drink but i smoke a lot of pot. im also cool. 
 right. i know he dont want no smoke 
 great question. the fact is the overall maintenance and turnover cost to taxpayers due to smoke damage in social ho 
 i had a debate with my pa about weed and if you could fail a drug test by hotboxing or shotgunning the smoke.
 fuck pills smoke green
 i know you dont like that smell when i be smoking reefer 
   death proofs opening scene  because cars  girls and marijuana.  i dont do drugs anymore. i got the message.  so.
 im all for legalizing marijuana. i dont smoke it personally.  hate the devil  not human beings.  weeds know why 
 girl  interrupted everyone knows. everyone. knows...  alcohol is more dangerous than marijuana.   australia.
 i hate when professors ask me to share a fun fact about myself theres nothing fun about me i cry a lot smoke pot and play videogames
 if he from broward ion want no smokei hear them guys so tough they rip the tag off the mattress amp tell the police they did it
 @angryblacklady the white ppl who knew they were safe are going to be shook after he rips up their weed cards
 i dont smoke no name
 the man that claims that good people dont smoke marijuana is going to represent the entire country as attorney g 
 @jeeezelouise i smoked crack cocaine
 ppl ask why i carry a lighter  i say its cause i have to light my kids bday candles somehow  but really after work i smoke these doobies
 like if i smoked @suryamackey @staydiego lmfao thats you bro 
 rebellious like a muhfucka lol thats when i started smoking weeded  skipping school and even hosted a couple hooki 
 my eyes be red cause i dont get enough sleep but my grandma swear im a smoker lol
 dont compare me to shit i aint nun a you niggas. ill smoke ya lol mafia in front of you nigga
 nah i dont smoke 
 i only did drugs in the club amp nobody ever sold weed in the club. it was always coke amp pills
 ill pay 40 dollars for 1 gram right now hell lol i just wanna smoke man lol yall dont understand
 i dont smoke if it aint fuego
 who the hell is buying mexican weed other than people in mexico 
 do you smoke bro 
 i dont know if its the weed or the food but that ball kid would wreck a lot of yall niggas. why yall think yall d1 good
 who want smoke @officiallytwist
 @maddow pls focus on the marijuana measure passed by citizens of nd 11816 repubs have gutted it saying we didnt know what we   11
 who really want smoke  cause bitchh we with it 
 want to smoke 
 fuck smoke get money amp chill 
 when they ask you if you smoke 
 pure wwe neilgorsuch if he feel that strong dont accept the nomination more smoke amp mirror from whitehouse 
 they dont want noooo smoke 
 my uncle asked me to smoke a joint with him like i dont smoke with crackheads bro foh
 the @cta blue line needs to get shut down or employees who care. ppl doing drugs  smoke cigarettes amp are violent here all the time. not safe
 whats left of this paris og from jungleboyz dont know wether to smoke if or save it 
 the @cta blue line needs to get shut down or employees who care. ppl doing drugs  smoke cigarettes amp are violent here all the time. not safe
 your wcw smokes g
 knicks make me want to smoke cigarettes again smh..
 i just want to smoke 
 she rolling weed and she dont even smoke
 and in fairness  no one is saying dont smoke. just dont smoke in the unit. go outside. its better for the pets a 
 sb0673 new as introduced  creates an exception to the offense of simple possession of marijuana for persons wit... 
 everyone smokes cigarettes youre only a rebel if you dont
 ion get how yo phone off but u buying weed
 honestly i just want to smoke and cruise around to get all this negative shit off of my mind.
 @clearwaymn are you concerned at all with smoking marijuana i know your focus is tobacco  but you dont have similar concerns for marijuana
 i dont like to smoke anymore but god damn it would help rn.
 people be quick to call you a crack head because you smoke weed i can do wat ever i want im grown and can support payafford my own habit
 i dont smoke
 my mom talks about weed like its crystal meth. that shit is annoying. as fuck.
 i can smoke all fucking day but i bet i take care of my business so called crack head or not i got my money straight thou 
 this always pops up on my feed and i always think  who the fuck wants to smoke a blunt for a whole hour 
 sorry i get cranky when i dont smoke my blunt
 or you smoked a lil too much lol 
 i need better weed  why dont i live in california yet  any friends out there want to mail some 
 before we smoke repeat after me 
 why my plug juss dropped all my weed .......
 but u dont smoke 
 dont need no evil weed. 
 never dating anyone who smokes cigs 
 if you smoke cigs never associate yourself with me. 
 vegan food at it finest ganja roots and health. authentic caribbean vegan food coming soon 
 as much as i smoke i make sure i workout twice as hard
 honestly i know my worth and ik damn well im worth more then a one night stand with someone who just wants to smoke weed all day
 @lanceulanoff @mashable oh theres going to be competition all right from the weedwatch @highergtv 
 all i want to do is talk to ya amp smoke a blunt with you lil baby .
 @lyft stop drug testing employees for marijuana thats ultra conservative dont try to capitalize on the dislike of trump
 @lyft stop drug testing employees for marijuana thats ultra conservative dont try to capitalize on the dislike of trump
 @lyft stop drug testing employees for marijuana thats ultra conservative dont try to capitalize on the dislike of trump
 found a pack of newports and some henny at my gmas. nigga my grandma dont smoke or drink who the fuck been in her house
 smoking my weed amp thinking of ways to kill em
 650... my nigga thats my car note. twice. imagine all the weed. imagine eating good for weeks  like 650 on a person... nah
 if u think ur above others because you dont  drink  smoke  have sex  eat mcdonalds pls get the fuck out of my life and everyone elses
 i want to smoke 
 i sure hope so  medicines secret weapon against brain cancer is weed 
 i dont know who was saying recreational marijuana is all set up here in california but thatss not really the truth. its not till 2018..
 dont like to smoke them swishers hoe 
 i dont think my coworkers know how much i actually smoke
 @thekidet @aaronmesh looks like a cigar for a fingernew way to smoke the competition
 i want to smoke so badly but yo know i shouldnt 
 i want to smoke so badly but i know i shouldnt 
 the dude just left the gym to smoke.... i guess i just dont understand
 i dont smoke cigs 
 why the fuck do people smoke cigarettes shits disgusting as fuck.
 you bitches be so quick so smoke with another nigga bitch  like yall dont know behind him youll get ya ass dragged.
 you bitches be so quick so smoke with another female man  like yall dont know behind him youll get ya ass dragged.
 when people ask me if i smoke 
 i like how my mom most likely knows im smoking weed and confronts me about it but aint even trippen  oops
 @alexweigel9 weed kills
 @iamlegand97 get me slapping for my bday and ill give you some weed brownies to pass around make you the cool guy 
 @davidsirota actually thats no new with him. even medical marijuana is very difficult to get in nys because of him  and its not real mj.
 lol michael doesnt want to smoke so it looks like im smoking by my lonesome
 when you tell them to come smoke the last l and they say i dont think i can make it
 ion care bout that shit. smoke  tht shit son 
 towel under the door smoke until the days end puff  puff then pass  dont fuck up rotation hypnotic for henny  now nigga thats your chaser
 after the first nut  i dont want no smoke so you lucky if you get 2 from me but 3 nut busts in one day foh. that shit hurts odeeeee 
 everybody smokes  i feel like a real rebel that i dont.
 the longer im out in the world the more and more crack i smoke
 this little so called smoking break is making me not wanna smoke anymore
 lmao  boy hell nah you drink eampj straight and smoke backwoods w no weed 
 lmao dude you smoke white owl blacks and drink robitussin straight out the bottle 
 this 11 year old really singing dont give me no bammer weed on her fucking snap
 lol but niggas i hang with all they do is cuss  smoke  and smack at girls all day.  dont want kid around that
 i smoke so much this year we cant even take a day off
 i hear 3 schools are  closing in colorado from lack of fund.. wtf co you have soooo much weed money.. that can only be used on education 
 same lol thats why i was smokin but yeah i really do this mexico weed aint cuttin it 
 @haleysavannah hey  would you want me to make edible cookie dough my dumbass like just to eat or are you gonna put weed in it
 if you can switch yo flow up and not rap about drugs money weed u got talent not alot rappers can do that now  
 i dont want your weed. i want drugs.
 didnt smoke  drink  do drugs in high school  college  dance clubs  or even at early 90s raves. why because of @brucelee  i was weird af 
 continue to waste my money on smoking weed  or become the dealer for the folks wasting they money on it 
 dont nobody want yo bunk ass weed cuh 
 and 93.56 of yall niggas dont have nun to offer but bank juggs  weed  dick and stress
 remember when we use to smoke amp fuck every night now we dont even talk
 one time i was buying a drug test to prove to my mom that i dont smoke weed and the cop from my school was right behind me while ringing up
 i dont even smoke
 dont buy weed there... 
 mike i need to buy a smoke machine me nigga you got me ill take my bong and an ounce and ill make the whole scene smokey 
 god i can do this no smoking shit  i dont even think about weed no more
 @legionfx this seem more like a sifi   weed head  alfred hitchcock  craziest not a tv comic book show i just cant watch anymore
 u know a lotta people say dandelions  are just weeds but who the hell decided tulips were so great
 im bussin ass in this ball ....who want free smoke 
 what the actual fuck  i wish hispanics would do this shit  mama gone beat the fuck of u if she even smells weed 
 that ho supposed to be a slut she dont do nun but smoke and whine
 its probably good i dont have much money because i would spend it all on ganja amp food right meow
 my niggas gettin right smokin weed wit dirty sprite
 when yo homies ask you do you want to smoke 
 i dont like weed. im against it. i know way more about pharmaceuticals than you. youre an idiot  im literally a pharmacy student
 kush smoke got a lot of it. if those hoes dont smoke dont let them in.
 hey  fellow people born in the 90s  yeah. dont do heroin. its bad. try some weed. some acid. but christ  dont do heroin
 3 niggas all selling weed out of the same house lol i got a good feeling karma gon take its course  im straight on me ion owe no loyalty
 i dont need to smoke cuz i be eating too much lol
 trump should spent half the time praying to root out inner weeds as he does weeding out opponents. bad
 still dont smoke squares got a f in geometry
 how much money have the mexican cartels lost with more states allowing cannabis consumption and growing
 @pouyalilpou bro kevin you in ur head to fucking much  stop being straight edge and smoke a wood 
 say i wont smoke a newport in this blizzard
 hit the weed once do the wiz laugh
 i always give it away but this time i might just smoke it. lol
 why does marijuana make people lose weight
 no work and no class today holy shit i am going to smoke so much weed constantly all day
 you smoke da dope baby 
 lol i got high lasst night and spent all my money on pizza cool amp now dont have any weed either 
 use your cd to break weed see nigga we dont feel yall i made an oath to turn yall to ghosts  time to kill yall
 will smoke anyone up that wants to shovel so i dont have to
 sosa what type of weed u smoke  i want the onions 
 ok but do i ask the weed man to drive in this lmfao
 @ceciliaivette cece you dont smoke
 dont smoke w too many 
 yeah just walked past people smokin weed thats gr8
 i chewed a bar when i woke up  i dont smoke cigarettes so thats my way of relieving stress
 it doesnt even look like i shoveled smh lol @ south hempstead  new york 
 texas live announces addition of lockhart smokehouse 
 dont ask to smoke with me and get mad when i dont let you fuck.
 texas live announces addition of lockhart smokehouse 
 ion eem smoke
 but i dont smoke  
 nigga  after my my fourth smoke session dont try to have no typa interaction with me  i be stuck as hell 
 i hope marijuana is legal when i have kids. i dont want to have to pretend im disappointed with them when i catch them smoking.
 he dont want smoke 
 people will always fucking talk shit about weed  always.
 lockhart smokehouse announced for texas live in arlington 
 nigha hit da weed den put his seatbelt on and went to schleep we werent even moving 
 i smoked so much in highschool that  i just dont really have the craving for it anymore  so much money that could have been car parts
 @dangnabbit1 @sensanders easy. if you are careful what you eat  you exercise  dont smoke  dont do drugs  etc.
 remember when you werent allowed to smoke on campus lol
 i sit by a window at my internship and  keep count of how many times the same people come back for a smoke break.
 let me say it in terms youll understand  omg its lit let go smoke 3 gs 
 im starting to believe weed is just or almost as bad as crack
 let me smoke dis dope
 this guy approached me and said  you look like you smoke pot...do you want to buy some weed 
 yall dont think you can b addicted to weed lol
 @zipperedlips how much do you know about trumps bigpharma price negotiations you should look into that  and bigpharmas hatred of weed.
 could u plz stop smoking weed in our apartment complex.. i have a baby i smoke crack bitch know your smells
 it makes me absolutely fucking sick when someone lets drugs   including weed take over their life 
 people compare heavy drug dependency to shit like coffee. but comparing it to weed is weird lmfao bet
 @thekevindent @thekevinator33 so if you read bio what he is saying. is he dont work and sits around smoking weed and playing video games
 yall really think crack and weed are comparable
 nobody saying if you smoke weed youre gonna look like you smoke crack. but the dependency of the drugs are very close together
 blew this down this half like nothing  i smoke too damn much g
 you dont want no smoke forreal lol  
 its crazy how much ppl be hating on the smoke
 so we about to smoke some trees or what @sethrogen im still waiting
   i smoke to relieve the stress
 dont think just because you cute you bout to hit my weed. youll be beautiful if you had your own weed to join in on the session
 @zipperedlips   on the issue of weed  i want to be proven wrong about trump.  i dont have chronic pain  not the physical kind.
 at urgent care man this drug test dont test for weed  right nurseit does... man oh...well i guess ill come back another day exits
 i glad i dont smoke dope.. niggas dont wan smoke ya joint and does be doing all kinda tings to dese gals 
 @corthekid i dont smoke anymore
 some of yall really smoke way too much yall genuinely got trapped. lmfaooooo yall really got stuck bro. z on the internet. o
 bruh yall worried about weed when way too much 
 now im laid in the shade  getting paid while i smoke and imma pass it if you open  dont talk  keep rolling
 you cant call yourself a drug dealer if you just sailing weed thats just a nigga tryna make a way 
 go buy ivankas stuff ok as soon as i get enough money panhandling for a bottle of mad dog 2020 amp some smokes i will
 like how many of yall just smoke so much and enjoyed the lies and the plot so much that you didnt realize yall the ones in danger. 
 to be lesser than creative... i see weed lol 
 you played ball   sell weed   or you cooking dope
 if you smoke i want static
 i only smoke backwoods  call me selfish idgaf   if not i dont want that shit facts .
 i dont smoke to look cute  i smoke to get high  
 i swear the only time anyone hmu is to smoke. dont nobody ask me to do shit or check on me or even talk to me lbs.
 my mom wont eat the brownies i made because she thinks i put weed in it lmfaoooo
 @huffpostcomedy i keep saying that.   although what he really needs is a little medical marijuana
 i really dont smoke nomo im proud of myself
 i dont see how some people smoke so much. like do you not have better things to waste your money on
 dont stress over me baby... smoke dope
 mom why dont you hide it me i keep weed in my medical cabinet because well  its medicine amp im not ashamed. you dont hide alcohol.
 i dont smoke
 i want to live in a world where are politicians are smart enough to know alcohol is worse for you than marijuana. 
 no money  no weed  mo problems
 my momma keep trying give me directions while im driving like the weed man dont live over here
 the one thing that makes me mad about shameless is theyre broke but have money for weed  cigarettes and alcohol
 will anyone sell me weed for a 25 amazon gift card
 last night we had a group of random people at our lodge all having a smoke sesh gotta love colorado 
 ya lil ass weed smoke dont impress me lmao  half yall niggas smokin mid anyways .
 last night we had a group of random people all having a smoke sesh at our lodge  gotta love boulder 
 ppl that smoke cigarettes dont care cold it is they going spark that fug 
 last night we had a group of random people having a smoke sesh together at our lodge  gotta love boulder 
 bring an l witchu pa so i can decline to smoke with you even tho i really want to.
 if your girl letting you sell weed or drugs in general shes not the one.
 i dont even smoke
 if you spend more time smoking weed than you do with your child  you might be a deadbeat
 i smoke weed because i want to and i drink sometimes to text you.
 if you smoke cigarettes please dont work at an office job.
 i was so high like 2 days ago ion even get the urge to smoke anymore
 dude weed lmao
 @innocentmann brah im saying  bout to smoke one of my followers to make an example
 smoking dont make you cool  i smoke to keep cool
 im not the weed man i dont sell weed cause there not a nigga i trust  @dizzywright icantellyouneededit
 i dont smoke crack motherfucker i sell it
 fugitive caught with 450k worth of marijuana in iredell county  some found in a diaper box  deputies say. 
 ill give you as much weed and cereal as your heart desires to get a ticket needamiracle 
 i went to ems to smoke amp she told me to roll a face goals
 @generalsuavez i mean i can sit in the whip while they smoke and not hit the blunt bro
 or we can just drink and smoke and cool it i spend so much time by myself i need to socialize omg
 fuck nigga u dont want no smoke u dont want no cancer 
 i cant breathe anymore is it the ganja
 i just wish marijuana was legal and jobs didnt drug test smh.
 why are there the girls who dont ever smoke and then the girls who do all the above like theres no inbetween
 have you ever smoked with people you didnt even know their name
 yall be having all this money for weed and liquor but no money for your rent or car payments wheres your priorities 
 how you doing charlotte  im lost  i dont know what im doing  and i want to go outside and smoke a cigarette.  goodtalk icc
 i dont even pass my weed
 too spend 200 on weed or to not 
 too much coffee to nap but too much weed to be awake...
 @rarechandler fuk em smoke the way u want to smoke
 i dont want to sit around in an apartment and smoke weed. used to be my thing. now its not.
 let me smoke dis dope
 i refuse to buy ivankas celebrated strain of designer cannabis  i dont care how dank it is replies must include the word kushner
 and say its bad to smoke anyway 
 i really think its time to stop smoking weed. usually  im playing but its not the same anymore 
 gotta thank god for another job  now lets pass this drug test so i can smoke this weekend 
 i never smoke dutches uh i dont care what when where how we smoke weed is weed to me ima get high either way lmao
 ill never understand people who can drink like a mf fish but wont smoke weed. what sense does that make
 i dont selll crack i smoke it
 if u still smoke .5s dont ask to match me
 i be telling myself i smoke too much as im smoking 
 i rarely drink from the bottle  but ill smoke a little weed.
 @angelc1107 @elijahyats right bro like its weed my nigga lmao i aint never had some shit like that happen off jus smokin
 youre the only person i know that fluently listens to reggae that doesnt smoke garrett
 @shadymitt no need  my marijuana habit has it covered.
 i dont even feel like talkin just wanna smoke
 i only smoke the best dont give a fuck who got it cheaper
 this nigga juss said ion pop mollies i smoke em  
 i dont smoke very much anymore but tbh bong rips are on my mind 247 
 we dont count the same cash or smoke the same weed.
 having a baby... even though i love weed 
 niggas dont want no smoke
 anybody thats viewing this got smoke wanna throw hands dont like me speak up now and we can arrange some shit . all this blind hating and
 @politicalkel @debbieschlussel dont even try to debate debbie she will smoke you  dude
 all the money i spent on weed couldve bought a house lowkey
 i love being there for my friends  even if its just with a laugh or some smoke. i feel better knowing they feel better
 i hate weed men that act like they dont want money. especially since i never be tryna buy less than 3gs amp ill come to you 
 i dont know why i didnt watch weeds sooner smh
 trying to spend my bday exploring the city taking pics and smoking good weed. 
 holy smokes...... thats impressive 
 i hate when people dont know how to smoke. either inhale that shit or dont smoke that shit.
 save them 20 instead of weed n get that car right  
 youre not an athlete if you drink  smoke  or party  just saying
 i dont know how most of yall can smoke mary j and still work .
 dont smoke cigarettes around me
 dont smoke cigarettes around me
 glad my parents know i smoke and joke about it instead of giving me shit. then again im a grown ass man
 my jacket smells nothing but weed and im at work too 
 lets smoke a blunt on valentines even better
 the weed man will stress you tf out
 3. he can stay out all night when he wants 4. dont wanna do shit if it aint selln weed  the list goes on
 the bus driver said no smoking weed while im driving save it for the break i dont wanna be high 
 yall ever smoked some weed that had ya legs numb had to give ya self pep talks just so yo knees wouldnt give out. 
 got some gelato just to smoke on scrong
 i had an idea but ima just eat first then come back and smoke about it.   also i cleaned my drawing table lmao
 i just want a cute girlfriend that likes to smoke amp fuck around as much as me 
 anybody stay in heritage and is willing to let me have a session in your shit lmfao you can smoke for freee if not i gotta lower the number
 theres more ppl coming to me when i need em like lets smoke about it lets drink to get over it like thats the fucking problem
 smokers will still be saying they dont smoke
 i smoke to much i think i need to quit
 i think im the only nigga inna world who doesnt smoke  ion do drugs  never seen the purpose 
 say we attend nightschool where mfs smoke weed right in front of principals  
 coworker just asked for a smoke i had to ask him to say please  then he said he doesnt smoke amp put it behind his ear wtf
 .@meghanmccain come 2 the dark side meghan. we have singlepayer amp civil rights amp weed and respect 4 pows like ur dad even when we disagree
 i dont smoke no more so dont ask
 @dominicdelgado said after i smoke my meth for the day  i like to eat out a girl and go to steak amp shake
 yall hmu its my last day smoking cause my job gonna be drug testing me  so no more weed after today  so hmu too burn
 i like to drink  she likes to smoke  they like to preach about things they dont know.
 dont smoke more drugs than you lil niggas done sold
 all my moms best friends are getting cancer in their 50s because of smoking. dont fucking smoke
 dont stress over me baby girl smoke dope  @chiefkeef
 i just want to smoke
 if you only ever hit me up for weed dont even bother hitting me up at all
 ight now every nigga in columbus say they got gorilla glue noo they dont .thats the 2nd most potent strand and i know i aint smoke it
 i find it kinda funny that you only hit me up when you want to smoke why dont you try and buy your own shit bitch .
 i smoke kush by myself  i get money by myself  i got bitches by myself and i make movies by myself 
 really want to start running  really dont want to go into cardiac arrest from 15 prior smokes
 they smoke to much for me. i like to eat more than i smoke. they trippy af
 you dont want smoke you dont want no cancer
 @btorres40 lol i dont smoke very many ever 
 i know damn well it dont take 30 fucking min to smoke a goddamn cigarette. this bitch done lost her fucking mind.
 i go through wayyy too much to just smoke it away that dont cope shit no more i been smokin frfr
 lil pump still smoke crack
 @erikaslayss you want 0 smoke.
 the only reason my roommate gets out of bed anymore is to smoke cigarettes
 seem like doing hella drugs raise your chance at becoming a famous rapper. im a smoke some crack tonight at 684pm
 is there anybody out there looking for a party shake your money maker  baby  smoke it if you got it see u tomorrow@bonjovi
 anybody want smoke in madden
 i just want a nigga only for me and we can smoke all day..is that to much to ask
 lemme smoke and relieve stress
 you smoke crack dont ya
 @slyazafox i was referring to the you dont want no smoke comment my g lol
 whenever i see people wearing those weed socks i always wonder if they actually smoke or just want people to think they do
 i smoke so much i dont even be high nomore
 when it gets down to a roach if you wouldnt smoke it just put it out. dont even ask me if i wanna hit it
 i dont know whether to continue my sobriety orrrrr try to get some reclaim to smoke hmmm decisions decisions
 im smokin the ganja you smokin the flocka 
 @ceciliaivette yess but like who doesnt smoke in this state you know
 if your weed doesnt have seeds in it i dont want to smoke it.  that crackle sound too fresh.
 lol u dont even smoke thoe  
 was just called a pot snob cause i wouldnt smoke anymore of a person spliff cause they were smokin garbage  sawry....i dont like lol
 people really be dming me saying they got weed amp stuff like i dont smoke 
 i really just want to play bp and smoke hookah tomorrow 
 dont know if the guy next to me smells like some grade a reefer or grade a body odor.
 her body is wild curvy i know niggas be hitting her line like yo bro you trying to smoke 
 makes me laugh when people that are always stressedmad talk down on weed and how disgusting it is
 bro dont be selfish  put niggas in jwu on. so we can smoke good lol 
 @joezquinn bro do u even smoke penises
 you dont even smoke backwoods you smoke game leafs 
 mom told me to make goals.  make it easy with the sickest job surf all day skate all night  smoke all the weed in the world
 dont even smoke but i feel like smokin and eatin hot wings tonight
 if i ever fw a girl who doesnt smoke im smoke enough for the both of us.
 they ask me if i smoke i ask them if they workout.
 i think that guys assume if they blow black smoke from their daddys money diesels it will make their dicks bigger.  just a thought 
 get u a man who has ambition  a successful future  a job amp wants to smoke ur ass out lmao 
 i dont pay for weed
 im sorry i smoke  i know just as well as anyone the dangers of 2nd hand smoking  but smoking is a financial and mental necessity to me
 i smoke so much i sell weed by mistake  like if you need an eighth you know i have it because thats a gram to me 
 i dont need weed to get me high  she does that.
 my parents are talking to our waitress about weed
 even when i dont have weed i have weed
 @dtxjay i dont smoke no more
 if you dont drink  smoke or do drugs you may live long enough to be a real burden to loved ones. please pass the wine.
 send him to my brothers to smoke him out and make him get sooo high hell never smoke again lol 
 free smoke  anybody want it they can get it no joke  call up landlord  nigga thats bro
 ill smoke a whole l if ashley dont ask for it yo 
 @jjjjjjjjen im tryinnnn i just stress too much not to smoke
 she pop a xan and she smoke up
 im sorry i didnt mean to give you so much free weed.
 if u smoke cigs bye
  bihh dont be dming me for this shit when you should be dming me to smokeworkoutget food. bye cant wait to see you soon
 i got no money for weed i got no money for speeed
 yo plug dont got my weed
 and when there is no hope i smoke some crack i shoot some dope 
 i dont understand why you bitches hating on niggas cause yall can get smoked too 4
 lol yall flex your weed like its some wild rebellious drug that only u can purchase
 i barely smoke weed anymore cus i dont even crave it like that
 i barely smoke weed anymore cus i dont even crave it like that
 didnt know you about that weed life bro 
 been ready its real i dont know about you  she just want to smoke and fuck i say girl that all that we do
 dont do hookah baby but i smoke the gas.
 i dont even have time to smoke anymore. what a tragedy.
 say what you want but some days weed is exactly what you need
 i dont smoke 
 in high school teachers wouldnt even tell you if they smoked cigarettes  but in college professors are like yeah i did meth once nbd
 ion even know whr the weed went.
 ion fw nobody i be on my own shit got my own money and my own weed its fuck niggas 
 newark didnt want any smoke all talk  they got so salty and kicked us off their side.... good dub tonight tho boys 
 @imuglybrandon you dont want nooooo smoke
 i dont even smoke but i want to get soooooooo high rn
 i dont even smoke  
 modern day confederate soldier jefferson good people dont smoke marijuana sessions is now the most powerful lawyer in us.  whyiresist
 almost drank my weed jar  better find my pop lmao
 @bedbugistaken @certaintragedy @meilynhuq @peaer i think about how much ppl spend on weed vs how much i dont have for synths and get mad
 you dont smoke like me
 i wanna know how much weed bill walton smokes before he calls college basketball games.
  mfs blew it dont even wanna smoke anymore 
 man  you cant even smoke weed anymore because the shit might be laced with some opiate bullshit.
 i dont even smoke weed  but i wanna live in bill waltons world.  lmao
 nobody believes ion smoke nomore 
 being sick used to mean staying home from school but now it means i just cant smoke cigs or bud and have to continue doing adult things
 @balford20 bro chill out they dont want that smoke
 need to write an essay but like i just want to cry and smoke weed instead
 and i dont even smoke no more  this shit finna be so hard for me. 
 ppl really smoke this shit like...forreal forreal 
 just when ya think ya found a good weed man   they try to holla then ya gotta dismiss em before ya gf kill em 
 i swear this weed was mixed with a little crack cause im feeling like wanda from holiday heart  right now
 i want a smoke
 i just want a cute guy who will smoke and nap all day with me 
 that buzz from those cigs not advised. thats not normal. if you feel pressure in ya head from weed not advised. its k2nn. 
 how did ppl know to start smoking tobacco or weed like. how did they know what it would do
 and i have no weed. i just dont fuck with ya lol 
 why do people always leave their weed in my car yall be too high lol
 nobody want smoke in 
 minor threat   st  what is it with lefties and lectures dont drink. dont smoke. uphold human rights. honor laws. boring
 minor threat  st  what is it with lefties and lectures dont drink. dont smoke. uphold human rights. follow laws. boring
 @nancygrace alcohol kills. marijuana heals. 
 i live for weed and money
 anyone want to smoke
 shiet abcs im not gettin smoked 
 had to apologize to the lady in bdubs she said she couldnt pay for her food cause the weed smell was too strong...apologies
 if you dont smoke we not kicking it  dont ask
 pull up smoking weed   rolling weed   loading heat  i ont got no worries cause im gettin money
 idk how people can love cigs so much that theyll stand outside in 5 degree weather just to smoke 
 please tell me how cannabis is a gateway drug while you pop your adderal  xanax  oxy cotton and the rest of your pharmaceutical heroin.
 fuck flowers in a vase i want weed in a jar 
 livin like wiz dont be shady smoke that clear
 dont take ls.   i smoke em.
 if i could wear mud masks  watch netflix amp smoke blunts all day amp still be productive i would
 dont know why niggas use cologne after they smoke   only makes it worse
 yall niggas be entirely too serious when yall say yall tryna smoke a dutch 
 want to work at a cigar lounge bill would require you to take a blood test proving youre a smoker  waleg
 @soundcloudworst @pouyalilpou no one wants to respect someone who does drugs.... in hip hop are you stupid  weed aint even a drug 
 dont stress over me baby smoke dope
 all i do is smoke weed and make money. nigga really be on some cool shit.
 i met wiz khalifas mom. she smokes as much weed as he does. @alliberry12
 people who post snaps of them smoking weed are soooooo cool
 ladies dont smoke  its so unattractive and disgusting
 weed doesnt make you cool. the shit you do on weed makes you cool.
 she that she dont smoke but she want to go to coloradoooo
 man people fighting over dabs or weed being a better use of your money is as dumb as the console war. just let people smoke  damn.
 you know niggas wanna smoke when they start playin old wiz khalifa
 i dont smoke crack mutherfucker i sell it.
 nobody i know wouldnt smoke out this . you gay if you will 
 how are these people so content with smelling like cigs  bo  and weed
 i promise nobody gives a fuck if you only smoke backwoods
 i dont smoke crack mothafcka i sell it
 she comin to drank and smoke some of this good dank then come back to my place   dont ask you already know
 do they really want smoke 
 i dont know how i feel today. i do know i put my weed in this cute jar of my moms so thats something 
 .@mfaulkner43 weed we treat much like alcohol...    rdaily rlive 
 i dont smoke amp drink amp i dont pop pills im just high off life squad  @lildurk
 happy birthday @megann9 dont smoke too much crack today
 i only smoke big dope juheard
 if youre gonna hit the blunt  smoke that shit like you mean it 
 when i dont have no weed .
 yall dont really kno nothing bout weed  shit barred
 out of medicine. can someone bring me a carton of oj and a bag of weed
 psa  just cuz you dont get what you want from the weed man  dont mean that the numbers change. numbers stay the same
 @youngdolan69 i dont have weed hahaha
 niggas dont really smoke xanax do they. please tell me niggas aint smokin xanax. somebody please. 
 to me a pothead is just someone who smokes a lot. but i disagree with people thinking pothead means bum.
 dont make me smoke up all your kush dont make me pop your cheap ass pills i used to do this for the thrill
 my moms logic i dont care if you smoke weed drink what ever  but god forbid no vaping
 we dont count the same cash or smoke the same weed. @chiefkeef 
 dont do hookah but i smoke out the  @lito615
 @nataliaaaaaa23 weed is bad dont do it 
 when all your friends want to smoke  but you dont have 5... 
 lmao never forget when smokepurrp pulled up cause i was the only female who was in the mosh pit really turnt the fuck up like hellll yeaaaah
 imma smoke till i dont know what im doin
 i dont smoke weed and i dont say any of these things  shit i even roll up for other people sometimes lmao 
 if youve never smoked weed and you talk down on people who do  just know youre a piece of shit.
 people really will bash weed for being an unhealthy addictive drug but will still binge drink and smoke cigs 
 @chrisssr95 i dont even smoke lol
 backwoods overload dont like to smoke them swishers hoe
 just cause i smoke weed does not mean i smoke cigs. like no bye 
 me not being petty is like telling a crackhead not to smoke crack 
 let em smoke so they dont fuck yall up 
 when i say that im chillin  i really mean that im smoking weed or im high as fuck.
 i dont even smoke cigarettes
 girls that dont know how to smoke are ugly  
 @sunsetcult weed and armpits
 my new goal is to smoke a lot more weed
 hahahahaha if i could smoke i would.  ppl do alot of shit that get on my nerves @ the blvd at 
 @jakey358 @anthonyguido this kid really just say their lacrosse team is better than medina.... what crack do they smoke down in newfane
 people who dont even smoke or never tried weed criticize it the most idgi
 i dont want to work anymore. moving to the mountains to live off the land. send smoke signals if you need me.
 shawty dont wan smoke but she say she will fa me
 heard a leftist saying in india if you drink  overweight  smoke no health care for you. you do what they tell you or your die.
 does anyone really think this is smokeable lmao 
 id much rather just chill amp smokedrink with people i actually care about then go to a big ass party w people who dont give af about me
 lets smoke herion and snort weed and inject some beers. 
 idk why ppl dont like weed lol
 when people brag about smoking weed so much yet when they inhale  they take the tiniest pulls and exhale mad smoke 
 but why can no one smoke when i want to
 im tryin to have the crazy cyph smoke like 50 ls
 i want to smoke w this man 
 smoking weed doesnt make me a bad person just like going to church doesnt make you a good person.
 id make the nigga return all of that  get his money back and instead.. buy weed and food and call it a day  
 i dont smoke no more
 i dont smoke but i mean hes spitting facts lmao. 
 i done smoke more drugs than you niggas sold 
 why you smoke so much  me 
 everyone always got something to say about the weed smell but dont say shit to niggas smellin like nasty fuckin cigs
 this old man knows what hes talking about. i smoked everyday for 15yrs and its been 10yrs since i quit amp i miss it 
 why the fuckkkkk am i with someone who cares more about weed than me lol i can not wait to move the fuck out and never look at him again
 if my grandkids dont call me granny ganja  i dont want them
 let em smoke so they dont fuck you up amen 
 i aint pop pills or snort shit just been smokin weed like 6 months dang prosper
 who wants to grow weed we have clones that give you the perfect head start pick one up today 
 says he wants to roll w me amp smoke up  on my weed 
 i dont smoke to get high 
 oh god it is so good  to get out of bed  and drink too much coffee  and smoke too many cigarettes  and punch nazis so much
 its really annoying that my parents know i smoke
 my desk is always covered in weed stems and eraser shavings.  
 im sooo stressed and tired like i just want some good food and some weed g.
 thats some real shit let my boy smoke .. 
 dont even smoke but lmaooo 
 @cbsnews isnt that what smoke detectors are for
 bro everybody smokes cigarettes ew
 i want some weed . too bad all my plugs in montgomery
 let me smoke so i dont fuck u up in the process
 i have too many dance parties in my car while i smoke cigs lmao
 i need a release from work. dont have anything to release stress but weed amp porn ..
 i wouldnt even attempt this thats a lot of weed 
 let em smoke so they dont f you up in the process im dyinggggg  
 one of the few reasons alcohol beats weed is you dont normally dont have to worry about your breathing when drinking.
 bruh lets just say i have the munchies and i dont smoke
 this old man handed me a cigarette and told me 5 reasons why i should and shouldnt smoke 
 let them ppl smoke they weed so they dont fuck you up 2017
 how you turnt every weekend  big bottles amp weed. always tryna kick it but yo kids be dusty amp you have nothing in your name priorities baby.
 ion be doing shit here .  and i can smoke in the house at my uncle crib. lol
 i spend all my money raves and weed lol
 lol i dont even smoke but i love him. he comes to all the dillard games and be lit. 
 yeah  let me smoke so i dont fuck you up 
 i dont even smoke and i know this is just wrong amp disrespectful  
 all my sister does is send me weed memes on instagram and i dont know whether to be worried about her or what she thinks of me...
 if ya weed man dont deliver can ya really call him ya weed man 
 try to smoke weed  
 you say that youd rather smoke well  let me call up obs room and tell em roll up a cone
 ion even smoke like that  but this true asf  niggas be irritated 
 i dont smoke cigs because there addictive i only smoke cigs because there cool
 i need some weed and a bottle or sumthin
 if i want to smoke bitch i can  if i want to drink bitch i can if i want to go out bitch i can
 i dont smoke weed but yo shit smell like mid
 a hate when someone ask me why i smoke everyday.. lol bitch cause i can afford too
 dont text me multiple things about your bomb bomb weed because i dont fucking care
 she rollin weed and she dont even smoke
 dont sell me weed part time.
 baby you should really roll weed with me   baby you should really throw it back fo me
 idk why niggas be preaching to people that smoke or drink about living life soberdrug free. bitch live life non sober before you tell me.
 i dont smoke crack mothafucka i sell it
 @theruies my version of this rule  if snoopdogg dont smoke it  it aint worth smokin.
 i smoke weed so i dont have to fuck somebody up 
 sometimes wen i smoke  i dont even like talkin. .i just be thinkin. 
 @mmmadcccow @jefferyalford @sportsmanchnl sorry but i dont get it .. i dont say i smoked a deer but i dont understand why its bad
 if youre going to smoke please inhale  omg people who dont inhale amp waste weed make me cringe so bad
 i just love smoking weed and watching movies  but im always so mad at myself when i spend a day doing so. man.
 when dale tries to have a weed revelation 
 i just shaved  exfoliated and put on some hemp lotion. yall... i. am. livingggggggg
 dawg if i dont find a fucking plug ima tell my pops to smoke me out lmao fuck this i aint sleeping without smoking tonight
 even i know how to smokee wtff lol 
 dont get why people are prescribed highly addictive opioids to reduce pain instead of weed when they effectively do the same thing.
 people wonder why i like to smoke as much as i do and then i tell them that i got shit on and thrown up on today at work...need a blunt
 dont do drugs  just smoke a little weed.
 @gasoperated300 yeah because that would be some fiece competition. most people that i know start drinking because weed is illegal
 my dude dont smoke tree all like that  nomo but still got da plug on the line
 i only spent 10 on weed today. not bad.
 its weed fault im gaining so much weight
 how to be an adult pay your bills  dont smoke meth  keep a few close friends  and wear deodorant.
 if you cannot afford smoke alarms  give us a call. our volunteers will install them for free because we want every 
 i dont smoke no more so dont ask me to match cause the answer is yes
 how to adult pay your bills  dont smoke meth  keep a few close friends  wear deodorant.
 bro i just want sum weed waab people bsing.
 nobody can smoke tobacco products around me ill roll a blunt or ugly lil joint so fast. even if i dont feel like smoking idc.
 dont try to kiss on me and your breath smells like a bag of weed bro 
 bitch  is you smokin reefer
 i just want to smoke and chill is that too much to ask
 man im tryna get high ion really like doing this but whoever pull up ill smoke a few woods wit u
 found out these old candy tins are worth a few bucks... ans found like a gram and a half of weed in one of em.
 i need drugs boa not no weed ritena 
 somebody pls bring me weed bro 
 ion een drink and ion een smoke cigarettes but when i say im 38 that would be a understatement
 i really do not know weed talk lmao
 im tryna get my girl to start smoking so i wont have to smoke alone anymore 
 act like u dont know em and smoke my weed 
 we get it...you smoke. want a cookie
 girl i dont even have a consistent weed plug here  
 dont drink r smoke
 dont smoke  if you cant buy you nothing to eat after the session
 ima smoke a few for my bro. oh how much he loved to get high
 my boyfriend smoke so much i think he be forgetting about me sometimes
 when white people talk about buying am atv but you thought they were talking about a quad of weed
 dont pass me no weed in my mf hand if you a grand man then youd prolly understand  my cousin song go hard dab 
 i smoke so i wont fuck yall up cause yall do and say dumb shit 
 im still smoking weed if u dont know then u brainless
 when people ask me why i smoke before i go anywhere  
 sometimes i think i smoke to much. then my niggas pass me another blunt and i realize im just paranoid keep smoking
 good to know your fucking up your life @ selling weed again  good luck with your athletic future
 dont stress over me baby girl  smoke dope
 manee i dont like niggas  i rl love smoke
 oh my god why did i drink so much amp smoke so much ahhhhhhhhhh
 for valentines day i want .. weed   weed amp more weed . 
 i love finding weed i didnt know i had
 @kavon my mf nigga smoke 
 i in a group chat with buncha people who just is say sumn to smoke doe all day everyday 
 this weed might be too good  shit put me in a coma
 black dont crack unless you smoke it 
 ik yall dont want no smoke thats y my mans 57 12 years old and he still will bang on any center in this league 
 so what we get druuuuunk so what we smoke weeeeeed we just havin fuuuuun weon care who seeeeeees
 just tryna be surrounded by people who smoke their lungs out  make me laugh and have a future ahead of them.
 when you want to smoke but have nothing to roll it in 
 i dont even smoke but the fact they just smoked all these jays  im high off contact 
 dont stress over me baby girl  smoke dope 
 i sit back amp think i actually used to smoke cigs smh i really was going thru some shit to stoop that low
 dont touch my weed 
 maybe if you didnt spend your whole damn advance on some fuckin weed 
 this thread is why weed gt alcohol yall 
 the weather obviously want smoke wit va but i dont want no parts b lol
 dont try and talk to me about business i dont need your shitty ass weed and bs prices .
 people who know theyre not good enough will weed themselves out for you.
 how you gone try and eat healthy and still smoke .. i just need to know the secret 
 sorry you dont want free weed for your party 
 i love weed bro. 
 bol weed put me right on my back ion see how yall smoke the shit all daynight 
 love seeing people on my snaps who dont know how to smoke weed 
 i dont smoke  i smoke fools like you on the basketball court @phildreads to me  just now
 got a pack of smokes and even touch em yet.. lol this no tobacco thing actually going alright.
 i just smoked and i really want me somee tacoooss
 if were smokin...were smokin.  when i say lets smoke a blunt  i actually mean lets smoke 6 blunts ampprobably more. can u keep up
 dont tell me to stop drinking mocha drinks  why dont yall stop smoking weed then   man dont tell me nothing
 everybody in the league dont smoke drugs
 its hard getting marijuana in a state that doesnt legalize it  you gotta know all the people amp all that extra shit
 @brianthedog i dont smoke
 im the type that needs to know what typea weed im buying amp smoking on.
 i dont want to smoke these blunts alone
 niggas want smoke wit me in fifa right now idk why  but fuck it gotta handle
 i hate when ppl tell me i smoke too much. nigga you swear imma stop cause you made a comment 
 people think they so smart but they can get smoked just like anybody else
 imma smoke some crack. rock.
 am i considered a lame because i dont have the desire to drink or smoke be honest.
 @billmaher weak bro  go smoke a j and feel better about things. arrogant asshole.
 so i got my fucking weed but no rillos and my brother dont wanna bring me any
 i lowkey wanna smoke but im looking for a new job sooo that wouldnt be smart
 @glue @introbust @jackbrownstein u dont even smoke cigs outside dude
 all i do when im drunk is tell my dad i smoke cigs and do drugs
 how did i believe this dude saying that he had downloaded tinder to gain weed clientele 
 @pisstachiyo at least u didnt try to eat weed on avocado toast like me and kelly
 @sarahpruitt2 marijuana isnt gonna kill anyone just dont smoke it in front of the baby
 too bad i dont smoke
 being raised right doesnt mean you dont drink  party  and smoke. being raised right is how you treat  people  your manners amp respect. 
 always seeing people drink  smoke and party while im grinding...
 i wanna do this with my mom and dad but idk how to ask and i know both of them smoke weed a lot of shit started add 
 its not even weed and if it was that wouldnt get u high lol 
 its not even weed and if it was that wouldnt get u high lol 
 i get really moody when i dont smoke 
 when i cant smoke that means im bothered
 pissmeoffin3words i dont smoke
 cigarette smoke is like the worst omg bro
 mannnn let me smoke in peace  
 youd be so much cuter if you didnt spend all your money on weed and work at a shit hut and didnt want anything better for yourself. damn.
 @cmo1123 i got them i be on that weed that shit make me sleepy..
 my circle so small i dont even got people to smoke with
 standin on the porch drinkin liquor drunk smokin weed
 my car smells like weed amp i dont even smoke anymore 
 i only smoke gelato
 always see people saying how nasty it is when people smoke cigarettes  but you dont see me complaining about how annoying you are 
 when you smoke you know your fucked if you dont got a water bottle with you 
 i look smoked out man i gotta get some sleep this shit bad my mit is hit
 dont smoke with niggas u aint cool with
 someone ordered something called liquid marijuana and i think i want to try that sometime. all hail.
 bad guys like me take nigga girls and smoke hella trees with em 
 bitch we smoking boneless weed
 i dont need to drink anymore nor smoke weed... what can i do... my dick loves you 
 i sent dis to my mom and she gon say nigga i know i used to smoke  
 @justtakemehome they dont want you to smoke their weed
 @moustachiopoker @aodirector it was effective but for the wrong reason dont get lost in the weeds it will stop drugs and undesirables
 waking up to ppl asking you if you want to smoke  yess
 ya mcm smoke swishers with the tobacco still in it
 i know some people are like i lost friends and money  i just want the money back. but like i just want the weed i shared.
 @senatorsessions i have crohns disease and our medical gives me nothing for pain. the only way i can sleep is weed  and im a good person.
  yall wanna know how much weed cost in jail     how much      a tooth paste cap   75  
 someone call a doctor ive smoked cigs
 @bertkreischer @dougbenson thanks bert that means a lot to me. unfortunately with drinking i just get sick as i drink more. more weed
 @billmaher you been smoking marijuana so long you dont even know whats going on bill. your a liar.
 dont @ me but like every guy that smokes weed raps  lmao yeaaaah me too
 im trying to smoke  but dont want to wake weik up 
 but when i say lets smoke you dont smoke anymore
 this nigga said  i dont smoke rocks nigga i smoke em  @asapferg . that line will forever be 
 this nigga said i dont sell rocks nigga i smoke em  @asapferg
 i love weed so much
 im so happy i found someone at work who turns up as much as i do and smokes cigarettes 
 @niccckkiminaj weed fuck i dont marriage
 if you aint roll it...dont smoke it...
 why work out to lose weight when you can just smoke cigz  feel calm af and no one will talk to you cause you literally cant talk winwin
 when you are high on weed  but remember the money they paid you ..... 
 thus even my last fighting weapons  smoking weed and cigs  almost done. d
 can always count on my smokey 5am or 230 pm 
 she dont even know what weed is yall stop arguing with her
 @elijahdaniel i mean people just dont get candles and how they make you feel and also dank weed stank needs a cover sometimes. lmfao
 lmao weed is not a date rape drug  kill that noise 
 so let em smoke so they dont fuck you up in the process  
 if yahll dont fuck wit me or gang  dont try to smoke our blunts at  these functions amp bring your own 
 i dig in ma bag of weed thats covered with orange hair  this color purplell make whoopi give me the pussy
 spotted sasquatch covered in marijuana leaves abc13 
 so this is why i did all this for weed  only thing strong enough to prepare you for what you are about to see.
 i think i be waking up high   i smoke too much
 @cbsnews where theres smoke theres fire  
 make sure you dont smoke weed with dumb niggas because weed will make you smart. aint nothin worse than a smart dumb nigga.
 dont smoke with everybody that shit not healthy .
 so let em smoke so they dont fuck u up in the process lmfaoooo 
 if you dont smoke gram blunts idk about you
 let em smoke  so they dont fuck you up 
 so youre sitting around howard letting your parents pay for college and all you do is smoke all day and play girls and dont go to class..
 i wanna go to a lodge in aspen and wear a really furry snowsuit and smoke lots of ganja next to the fireplace..i dont ski but fuck it
 i dont understand why so many people in the healthcare industry smoke.
 stop letting anybody smoke witchu
 the people in my building smoke so much weed im surprised i dont pop on every drug test
 just because the drug youre doing isnt weed doesnt mean you aint a pothead 
 if a homeless person uses the money i give them to get drugs i at least hope they get weed lol
 some of yall dont even be inhaling the smoke right then be claiming yall high asf
 only care about money  weed and my health
 but fuck allat sap shit. we smoke the emotion away
 i dont smoke no mooooo 
 i dont even smoke but i need a good blunt rn
 when i dont smoke i dont have an appetite fr. ill think about some food then try to eat but nope. appetite disappears.
 let em smoke so they dont fuck you up bahahahabsnj 
 dont dont smoke but she gon roll my weed
 @mlarsen24 happy bday pretty girl smoke one for me 
 @maxrappaport @derekbodnernba yeah what if he got uh. shot. with uh  with weed. you dont know. better safe than sorry right
 i pretty much smoke as much as the kottonmouth king romeroproblems
 i really want to smoke some blunts outside n play with dogs all day... is that too much to ask
 guy on tv was rollin some weed up. my bro amp i were like he rollin up a i said blunt he said joint lmao everyones diff
 going to scoop my weed man so he can roll blunts for me all day lmfaoo
 blac youngsta said hell shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin why isnt he in the conversation for the greatest of all time
 guy on tv was rollin some weed up. my bro amp i were like @ the same time he rollin up  i said blunt he said joint lmao everyones diff
 when when we was posed to smoke lol @thcxlion
 now smoke that in ya crack pipe as my grandmother would say lol
 my aunt is letting me drive her car and she was like dont smoke in here   no drug deals and dont run my gas 
 cant even smoke my shit evb looking fuck
 people dont call me weedy because i smoke. weedy just always been my nickname
 when people ask me why i smoke so much. letmesmokeinpeace soyoudontgetfuckedupintheprocess 
 my indian uber driving talking weed plugs with his cool 5 star big body benz ass.
 told yall. stop smoking that k2. the smoke aint look right breh. shouldnt be that white bro. 
 yall smoke dont even look like hookah smoke.  that shit aint even clouds. it dead ass looks like crack rock smoke. 
 yall literally dont get it. seek help frfr. cuz that shit can kill you breh. it wasnt my weed. it was the adderall which was really dmt.
 bitch dont trip on me that i smoke lmfao 
 my dad got my weed man number and now he dont call no more
 @andrewcte smoke and drink as much weed as you feel. you know your limits and its not any fans business. 
 @andrewcte drink and smoke as much weed as you feel. you know your limits and its not any fans business. 
 you ever smoke so much the day before you wake up high
 @potus dont you think our country have enough with alcohol and marijuana we dont need more bull laws looking like a business tell us
 its so sad that cigs r all i can smoke
 aaaaye but i dont smoke 
 i dont smoke to be cute i smoke because i like it 
 ppl think i have a weed addiction. like nah  i really need that shit for my temper.
 day 6 is @sethrogen favorite weed pineapple express
 if i ask you to smoke with me that means i fwy to some extent
 @shank1000 @certifiedjarvy they didnt want no smoke man
 on the beat i go to work like my name on my shirt  im an og smoker i dont fuck with the purp
 bro i need my weed bag for tonight im bout to get mad
 its 2017. weed isnt group with hardcore drugs. shouldnt have been in the first place.
 not even in the mood to smoke anymore
 yall lil niggas really be out here throwing yall futures away for a little weed  a little money  some raggedy ass guns. i cant 
 lotta bad habits i smoke bud i pop pills i sip drank
 i always regret buying big amounts of weed cause i end up smoking all of it in one day smh
 @trillnisha nah but fr i freak out so bad its like legit embarrassing but if im poppin a pill i be cool weed doesnt make me relaxed 
 aye mane if you dont know about weed dont hmu tryna cop.
 hangover are the reason why i smoke weed instead.
 @childishb nah just dying i smoke too much weed
 if you smoke and dont have a goal to spend time in colorado for some time in the future  wtf are you doing with your life 
 i dont smoke but lol 
 dont stress smoke a blunt
 bitches be like i dont smoke  but pop xans  percs amp drink lean. go head then sis  witcho bad ass 
 i smell like so much smoke. the fuck.
 that dope smoke. @chiefkeef 
 i think i get too much into the weeds at the outset but i promise i finish strong focused on just the anime 
 bro my cousin stole sum of my weed ion even want any now
 all this fucking smoke. @chiefkeef
 grandma is smelling the bag i just brought her. she doesnt even wanna smoke  she just wants to smell it.
 good weed and cold drinks  thats the motherfucking recipe 
 i dont smoke a lot  just like a bowl or two a day  @rebekahalyssa 
 let em smoke so they dont fuck you up in the process  this guy gmfu 
 people want good weed but dont got the funds for it ..  why yall being picky for then lol
 yall just be tryna get weed amp dont even be worried bout the quality. 
 the only reason i smoke so much 
 how can you say weed is bad for me but you pop pills and drink alcohol yet youre an angel  addiction
 and he dont smoke  okay lol 
 my body feel so different now that ion smoke bruh 
 people trying so hard to sell me weed like yo i dont smoke
 the failed attempts to quit that shit you smoke always stumblin in with makeup on your shirt you think i dont know you still talk to her
 does anyone feel productive as fuck the day after they smoke because same. 
 i dont smoke no fuckin swishers
 not gone buy no mo weed till my tape dun. cause life is a fucking whore.
 anybody want smoke cause im giving it out.
 i wish i was more empathetic but people be doing the fucking most lol. i smoke too much weed to care about emotions.
 people mad bc all i do is smoke weed and have fun bitch i got money to do it hoe and thats what im gonnn dooooooooo
 @willowpidretti can we really do this soon and smoke
 ion fuck with cigarettes but i need to smoke
 my pops gone come in my room amp say what did we smoke that shit loud where it at
 i want to be a bigger part of the cannabis industry and im sorry but its not possible on the east coast.
 anybody that listen to this kinda music smoke meth too 
 if a nigga still smokin rellos  you cant smoke with me no more
 ion understand why some girls be hating me but never met me. like all i do is smoke and mind my business.
 happy bday to my mf nigga @ccxisolo wyo bro smoke sum
 im startin to think weed just doesnt exist here
 dont smoke but this shit killed me 
 smoking is not cute dont flex if you dont really smoke lol that just makes you look even dumber
 if she smokes cigarettes she swallows
 and i need to because i have a new and different life now. dont smoke  dont drink  dont party  none of it anymore and im so ok w that
 @goodkisses you dont smoke
 on my way to a drug test with fake pee in my pants amp my mom looks at me and says wow im so proud of you  you dont smoke weed or do drugs
 dont even smoke anymore but i need a blunt fr 
 when i dont smoke i get a attitude 
 i dont have time to smoke  lmao
 somebody asked this cluck in the shop for a lighter he reply ion smoke unless its crack 
 the smoke is clearing dncforum 
 young rich nigga smokin weed when i wanna
 i dont smoke the ganja
 my daddy used to tell me theres a lot of fish in the sea  but theres also a lot of fucking money bitches and weed
 when you know you have enough weed that you dont even care about spilling it 
 why you flexing boy you dont want know smoke
 @piersmorgan @jkrowling i think he smokes crack.
 nigga said if you know it was 420 and purposely dont light something youll never fucking encounter good weed again lmfaoo
 this place is amazing lol i just seen ppl outside smokin weed like it wasnt shit lol
 @sumsupremeish i dont smoke
 people talk about runners high  and im like  why dont you just smoke or get a cocktail its the same feeling
 i just want to smoke a j with wiz someday
 i smoke where ever the fuck i want. dont tell me shit
 its just a pure love of the smoke 
 my hair smell like weed and ion even smoke 
 @prbayport why dont you guys up date your website to say about weedwiser lots of people want in on the marijuana industry and it will help
 you want smoke whats up
 2011 me said to drive around  drink coffee  and smoke cigs today.
 crazy as it sounds i dont smoke anymore 
 i only tip waitresses that look like they aint smoke 5 packs of newports before starting they shift
 this blueberry head band strain so bomb i dont even wanna smoke it lmao 
 all she want to do is smoke and party
 big bro say i gotta leave everything behind  really dont want to.   finna smoke some
 just smoked some crack with my homie this shit lit
 if yall want to smoke pass that shit 
 money weed pussy all a lil nigga think to survive thats crazy cold world
 i dont kno y people think they can come by empty handed  record for free  drink amp smoke my shit and get my quality work too. thats crazy 
 keep moving smoke a raw amp say fuck em ahhhh 
 when people dont understand the difference between dabs and weed just tell them. tiny dab8 blunts
 people hype up weed so much.
 i cannot take anybody who smokes cigs seriously 
 ya know what sucks the ache of grief and not being able to really fill it with food or smoke or the like...
 when the weed man hit you with that im dry bro. i wont be back good until tomorrow line 
 who wants to come smoke with ya boy
 i dont drink or smoke 
 from here on out dont ask me to match i smoke my own shit
 before i get shit faced tonight i will fucking destroy my bong i want smoke coming out of my ears idgaf
 @staceyaurelia you know me my answer to everything is to smoke lol
 i probably sold you weed last year but i dont do that anymore thats for lil niggas
 im not a drug dealer i just buy weed in large amounts for less money and sell it to make money   me thats a drug dealer you defined it
 its weird not smoking weed or blacks ...  i dont even think about smoking nomore
 so so ready for this vegan life only thing im killing myself for is weed i kinda dont even wanna drink anymore that shit so ugly
 alcohol gives you a hangover. weed doesnt. i remember why i dont drink
 competition.... what competition smoke em  mikebassnola bassthought
 @tylockness says the dude that smokes and chews at the same time lmaooooo
 dope smoke  @ west philadelphia 
 drugs dont make you cool. i smoke grass amp im chillin 
 why you flexin boy you dont want no smoke
 that shit makes u focus tbh cause u aint tryin to die but ion smoke tho 
 ong bro knowin dam well weon smoke 
 girls say they want someone different but they always chasing niggas who got weed and henny on deck
 everybody be talking down on people who not only smoke pot but experiment with other drugs molly cocaine x any drug. not knowing that i
 i will never forget the 5 days no one gave me a spot to smoke lmao had me and my nigga chillin at parks and shit 
 i want to smoke some weed.
 ask my nigga cheeze where the weed roll that kill up
 @kawaikattt and yet you still smoke em.. whats that say about you
 anybody can bring me to south park ill smoke with you nd give you gas money
 drink and smoke @ your own risk  but as soon as you get in that drivers seat  youre putting other peoples lives at risk  not just your own
 drink and smoke @ your own risk  but as soon as you get in the drivers seat  youre putting other peoples lives at stake  not just your own
 why does my dad ask for cigarettes from his employees if he dont even smoke
 i ont smoke krack mf i sell it .
 baby sis down stairs making brownies for the church and im thinkin like damn i got jus enough weed to put in it 
 is imagine dragons just a phrase for people to scared to smoke drugs
 im wild annoying lmao. i dont have to but if i have the luxury of paying for my own weed  then i will damn sure s 
 its weed and expensive coke not crack cocaine bitch 
 given that im a light weight  i dont have to smoke much to get high.
 good article about todays marijuana 
 if you smoke jackpots i dont trust you 
 i swea this the shit i say when a mf ask y i smoke 
 shit really sucks lmao legit dont be having nobody to smoke with
 i dont know which is worse  selling marijuana or the porn career fromstraightas 
 sad when people complain about not having money but wont think twice about dropping money to smoke 
 i dont smoke and i dont want a man that smokes. socially  once in a while  thats fine  edibles ok.
 who wants smoked up
  tx marijuana advocates start another round at capitol  smart people do smart things. texans are counting on you
 imneverlonelywhen i have weed and t.v.
 really day 2 in no more weed with my baby lol. we been doing good to no arguments 
 all i want to do is get paid and smoke weed wit the homies
 i dont smoke nomore dont do no fawking shit fucked up over here
 i remember when me amp kaor used to smoke alllll the time we dont do that shit no more thank god lol 
 im just naturally high i dont smoke like that
 how do ppl not smoke weed
 never have i smoked weed amp wanted to try other drugs. its not a gateway drug
 kd dont want no smoke with russ  he avoiding him on that court
 i just want to make love  fuck  smoke and have my space.
 the sickeningly sweet smell of hookah is so revolting. dont know how anybody can smoke that shit
 i rather smoke by myself lol but thats just me
 @realdonaldtrump you are no where near real. you dont know what real is. give up your wealth  live a couple years in the weeds like we do
 the only reason i dont like smoking weed is cause weed mans
 if ur gf smokes cigarettes dont talk  @spiffybutter
 where yall females be getting @ saying niggas dont like females who smoke we jus dont like yall smoking cigarettes..
 kd dont want no smoke with westbrook 
 dont smoke weed if you cant function bro. niggas be looking goofy
 the white lady told me she was leaving me money for food and im like i think you mean not cheap alcohol and more weed 
 but you dont smoke 
 i know that drugs r bad for us. but i love marijuana amp molly 
 kd gon smoke westbrook
 okc getting smoked but getting their moneys worth from kd.
 to my surprise she even smoke like i
 kd dont want no smoke 
 @weedfeed @reefermcgee fin funny...i spend 2much time tryin 2make sure i dont smell like weed loleven got dimebag backpack @capitolhemp
 sorry im like a sis to your nigga  we smoke and talk. that sex life aint for me cause im single soooo fuck off
 im really losing patience right now. niggas ask to link up and smoke as a date no bro.
 i havent smoked all day and thats how you know i really feel like shit 
 i dont give a shit what kind of cigarettes that you prefer to smoke  i needed a reason to talk to you.
 im starting to think i smoke too much m
 im starting to think i smoke too much
 lets get this straight. marijuana can not kill you in any way like cigs can  actually in fact better for u than cigs. dont @ me either
 i smoke and get so mg sleepy
 just bought smokes with my phone so i think i know a little bit about science and suicide
 smoke marijuana  dont smoke cigarettes mom
 people be on smoke wack crack type of shit tf i look like
 i talk a lot but also trust i can back up everything i and i dont wan no smoke from i
 @alexusceee amp they still want me to smoke with them....... lordddd
 who wants to smoke 
 if you smoke weed casually  just gon head and buy yourself a grinder and a pipe. youll save yourself time  money  and weed
 cant date a dude that likes the fact that i dont smoke  when he smoke almost everyday hypocrite
 i dont have a problem with people that smoke but what you not gone do is say i dont want my girl to smoke even tho i do 
 i dont even smoke
 ion want no smoke with ya.
 i need to quit this casino soon . this cigarette smoke kills me every night
 niggas who dont even smoke tell girls to pullup and match then when the girl get there shi be awkward
 i used to smoke so much  now that im straight edged i see it all as a form of currency... keep smoking weed peeps 
 me do you ever roll jays that good mom i used to roll jays so good that they look like cigarettes. me damn lets smoke
 im so pissed. guarantee they wouldnt take someones bottle of oxys cause its prescribed but they can take my medical marijuana heated
 i dont smoke but damn that shirt  
 yall wastin yalls money on weed and stupid and shit and im making a living
 lh mfs be like im tryna get high but i dont buy weed .. not hitting my shit
 so who wants to smoke with me
 naw jk i dont smoke or drink
 i just want to smoke weed
 @dahomes smart move with the birthday smoke screen
 feels good knowing that i am about to go out and smoke 0 cigs and have one or two drinks.
 cigarettes so trash like all yall that smoke em 
 ion do no drugs jus b heavy weeded
 i dont smoke though  
 who wants to smoke 
 i dont smoke  so idc if you pass me this i promise you im throwing that shit  
 no. cause i dont smoke anyway. plus  even if i did  this doesnt nullify every other shit hes donesaid. 
 people only come around me when i have weed or money . yall fucked up   man .
 could you imagine smoking weed with a bunch of monkeys in heaven thats the heaven i want
 ill sit here sober while these niggas smoke ion do that shit
 kd know he dont want that smoke lmao it was all in his body language
 plans didnt go as scheduled but got to smoke one with my bro i call that a good ass night 
 @rocknrollrach sorry this didnt happen but cl definitely sells beer and is worth going even if cigarette smoke wall hits you hard at door
 theres nothing better than weed
 dont you dare fucking kick me out of a club for kicking a smoke machine do you know who i am fuck hells kitchen
 the reason why i dont smoke is cause all of my pain intensifies. i have acute arthritis
 @brandyljensen i smoke when i drink now  its so good
 kodak black dont want no smoke with hurricane chris
 when people ask do i smoke be the funniest shit ever 
 for some reason this song makes me want to smoke lololol 
 lol nah i get money and smoke mary jane 
 you go to jimmy johns. ask for sprouts. they smoke you up out back. i didnt know that was a code word.
 only drugs i do is weed and my man 
 if you got weed breath dont talk to me nigga ew
 @xoxoanaisaa im thinking about this money  i cant smoke anymore i  have to quit if i want this ac job 
 and i cant tell anyone anything anymore about my depression cause theyre gonna be like stop smoking weed or quit being a pussy
 you play ball sellin weed or cookin dope
 soooooo much weed
 i smoke to much not
 link up wit it amp smoke wit me amp aaron.. match sumn.
 i dont smoke but i couldve used one after fifty shades darker
 i dont fuck with bitches who smoke backwoods 
 so im saying  fuck the bitch  i dont need the shit  im gonna smoke weed  get high like its legit 
 when i first started selling weed i used to skimp people so bad cause i thought thats how you could make more money lmao i was hella young
 as a teen i had all the intentions to keep it g  take niggas hoes and smoke hella trees with em
 some of these rappers talk about blowin ounces but they barely smoke they hit a bowl of mids at a party every friday just once
 im sleepy   but like yall dont know how real the urge to smoke is .
 ion want shit but weed
 @cnn putting weed in limes doesnt make the weed lime green lol
 real life talking to dominique about our future goals . just makes me want a blunt or 2 but ion smoke tho
 sort of random kid comes up to you   so zane  i was just curious bro  how many backwoods do you smoke a day
 @nygovcuomo marijuana is a gateway drug when it is sold by people who want to sell stronger drugs.thinkspeak
 lol how i feel about smoking even though i cant smoke anymore 
 lol i smoke too much weed
 i smoke too much
 it was so lit at dolores today my girl sabrina smoked w me  yall dont know how monumental that is
 @dontgruberme @paintking @budweiser good for u i dont drink alcohol  or smoke  had open heart  stand to reason.
 i dont want any notifications unless youre a plug and youre about to tell me  i got some weed
 just give me a quiet place and let me roll my weed  where aint nobody in my business dont nobody gotta kno just let ya conscience go
 pops bitchin off the gas smoke   tol em how u think i help you out when ya funds low 
 @djblakboy cant tell them niggas no smokin lmao its just weed anyways
 its cool i dont smoke anyway 
 dead ass we dont want your bunk ass weed 
 @teachwhtyutweet lmao oh nah thats when i say time out.. were the weed nigga cant be feeling like that
 @leenicholas29 @ftvoc i would say 5050 but they probably dont even know what that means...to much weed
 i owe my bros a whole smoke session
 first cutting back on weed and getting it out of my system so dont ask me to put up cas i aint
 niggas be like girls who smokeltlt but i know girls that smoke every day and still doing better in life than you
 im on my stay out the way  smoke some kush amp run up my funds type shit
 im tryna smoke but ion know no weed man up this early
 and i dont even smoke
 who wants to smoke
 dude at urgent care it says here that you smoke occasionally is that cigarettes or cigars   me .....    dude at urgent care ok other
 she wan smoke my dope  let her smoke my dope
 why is weed illegal  but tanning isnt
 iont smoke no mo so dont ask me to match
 i dont smoke to get high  i smoke to stop myself from going off on mfs 
 cause the weed it dont help no more
 if you try and go out of your way for a smoke up  youre doing too much lmao
 cant say ive ever seen a muslim dude gangbang... even on tv. let alone sell a bag of weed lol 
 ppl smoke like one .1g grav a day and be like i need a tolerance break...
 ion want smoke nomore 
 @daweiner dont smoke cigars much anymore but i still think those activity fees were excessive.
 tomorrow is monday you know where i will be pull up on me and have a drink  smoke yo shit  
 smoke weed and eat chicken  thomas jefferson.
 i cant tell if smokey is cuddling to say thank you for the best day or please  dont make me do that again  do 
 niggas say they dont like girls that smoke. i say niggas that dont like girls that smoke can smoke a dick in they mouff  pussy
 this tweet is the reason i dont smoke weed anymore 
 shit smoked so much yesterday i feel sick
 but first  lemme smoke this dope
 kinda dont want to smoke alone.
 bitches really be smoking weed while theyre pregnant  .. idc what nobody say  thats not right.
 people are so uneducated with this stuff.  you can not overdose on weed and it does not make you want to kill peopl 
 easiest way to lose weight ill shoot you my weed man number
 all hate. no reason you should smoke that  
 i dont know why people just smoke to look cool lol   i just like being faded mannn
 im doing a 2x1 on weed pills. hit a homo up yall. dms are open.
 why the fuck do people smoke cigs 
 asked my nigga why he smoked cigs amp he gon say i like the drag it gives me bruh nigga what  the drag get ya dumb junkie ass away from me
 when im having an outburst and smoke weed   i dont get high ... but my mind and thoughts do start racing though
 this nigga fred sparked the newport then gon say bro why you letting me smoke this what 
 baby all i smoke is woods why you grab a shell
 @kingstampers @rymtziggyyy they dont want no smoke they all old now   the drugs got to em 
 i enjoy drinking but god dayum some of yall stay steady drunk all the time. take a break  smoke some weed  drink some water mfs lol
 usa tube audio the revel f208 smokes the competition  the others dont even come close. 
 think i smoke too much 
 i just want a bestfriend typa thing where we can smoke and just chill watchin some funny ass movies
 let me say somethin  i dont care if yall trap  turn up  party  drink  smoke or anything like that  just dont try come into my circle.
 good pussy  good marijuana that be my medicine.
 these pussy niggas always talking but dont want no smoke
 @rello2324 haaa. nobody want smoke with that loose ass fitted
 now i smell like fucking smoke cause of the mf bbq pit
 @mfryue i love them lol im trying not to smoke blunts anymore
 i dont even smoke @ michigan state university 
 though i dont know why i chose to smoke sess i guess that the time when im not depressed but im still depressed and i ask whats it worth
 yall love niggas that dont want to do anything but smoke weed and bang they set 
 ion get drunk and ion go out anymore. i just smoke dope and stay in my lane.
 so many girls on tinder just for friends matching with me this is hilarious and they literally all just want people to smoke with 
 damn imagine drugs without weed. who would even
 whyd i drink so much and smoke so much
 the way sarah paulson smokes cigarettes makes me want to start smoking again 
 does ayaz snap everyone of his weed n drugs or is it only me that gets them lol
 why did my strict manager ask me if i smoked weed like if i was about to tell him the truth lmao
 i twist my fingers on the corner sell crack cocaine and marijuana
  ion want no smoke kay 
 and ion even smoke 
 summer goal smoke a blunt on the gallaghers porch.
 g cirgarettes and any type of drug other than weed u not my child 
 i have no issues with weed but i dont understand why some people only post videos on snap of them smoking it lol
 this nigga on my fb posted talking about i got some weed dont ask for pics tho just box me your number for a delivery. its probably swap 
 forreal i dont smoke wit people unless you my brudda cause i dont like to smoke them lil ass blunts people be rolling 
 shit used to make me hella mad  now i just laugh amp smoke a wood
 literally all ive spent money on this semester is uber  food and smokes lmao
 i really dont smoke anymore 
 add a few drops of weedwipes in your bong h2o and never clean resin again. simple hot water rinse makes it brand ne 
 @johnwilkesboof aww sorry i dont sit at home and smoke and live on social media all day 
 i dont smoke  ciggarettes will kill you  downs 20 cheeseburgers a week
 my bstfr never says no to weed 
 i need to make a weed run and i dont even know what the weather is outside.
 @itsracks u know i dont smoke i was just showin the skills fohhh
 woke up from a weed coma this mornin lmaoo
 how u smoking weed but dont know what thc is
 @wuccitwotimes omm . mfs dont smoke flavors .
 first thing i do when i get to north carolina is grab a pack of cigs and smoke em all
 smh my sister keeps accusing me of being high like wtf i dont even smoke
 i didnt know so many of yall smoke weed
 few years ago yall had so much to say bout smokers now half da tl smoke weed
 dont nobody wanna smoke witchu
 if you cant take care of youre teeth chances are she smokes cigarettes and doesnt wash her pussy.
 i was so lit i hit up someone who doesnt even smoke  to match last night lmao
 i dont drink nor smoke but i regularly drink energy drinks... i get smokers who tell me im destroying my body. 
 baby i just want you around to smoke and help enhance my creative mind.
 my temper too bad when i dont smoke
 remember in school when they talked about drugs theyd make it seem like 98 of the weed we get will be laced with crack
 mfs always got something to say talking about all mfs do is smoke weed bitchhhhhh ok  my grades are great amp i could support my habit 
 they ask me why i smoke so much
 im in middle of shit i aint even know   was talking about weed 
 rolling up the backwoods like theyre swishers ... rapper weed hm
 @forzacorrado parents as they tell you not to smoke weed lol 
 me i want an edible arrangement so bad dom why in the world would you want weed brownies for valentines day liv...
 all drugs to mean marijuana  alcohol and tobacco.  and decriminalizing all natural drugs.
 idont know why people would ever think poorly of weed... i can understand not wanting to smoke it but like its actually great. dont hate.
 dont stress over me babygirl smoke dope
 smoking weed helps your cramps sorry thats illegal and its only your period sweetie dont be so dramatic and please dont talk about it
 who wants to smoke
 currently watching so much weed gta 5 speedy amp hovas new drug business 
 the weed man dont never answer the phone when i need em but stay telling me he got that pack when i already got that.
 no i dont smoke. 
 ion match no dope i pullup n smoke 
 still dont understand how marijuana is illegal but wearing crocs with socks isnt  
 i dont mind people who smoke   but i hate when i goto females igs amp all i see is pics of her smoking amp doing bars thats thot shit
 ppl never believe me when i say i dont drink or smoke
 you cant out smoke me ho
 as long as i can be arrested for weed  and rapists are let free  i will drag cops and the legal system and if you dont like it fuck off
 what you mean you dont smoke 
 people who say ppl tht smoke everyday have nothing better to do are utter idiots lmao  it takes 10 mins out of ur day amp makes it all better
 my boss is literally lecturing me about drinking too much and smoking weed lol he claims i have daddy issues 
 actually i either use my pipe or papers i dont really smoke blunts anymore
 im never buying weed from this nigga again.
 america doesnt smoke enough
 who want smoke wit me
 i want to drink  smoke  do drugz  and slide in her guts...... then cuddle 
 i didnt know that lil yachty didnt smoke or drink or any of that cool lmao
 i personally find it very unattractive when people smoke everyday day  all day.. like dont that shit get boring
 i understand if it was weed but no meth. hell nah lol 
 when ur mains phone being fixed and yall both got so much juice to tell each other but u both smoke too much to remember half of the info
 press release  statement is dont give them no bammer weed 
 this makes me want to go smoke a cigarette in her yard 
 when i say plug im not talking about weed im talking about girl scout cookies
  i tell everybody i smoke dope lying my ass off 
 @doreenvirtue oh you want me to solve north korea  china  and russian tortures alone too  if you do eat meat. take 5 pills a day.  smoke too
 an thats why i dont smoke anymore
 he dont smoke  dont drink. thats why he dont be by the bar baby. 
 i wouldve kicked dude head in tryna break into my shit and i got my weed stash at the crib nah not today bro 
 yeah rachels a good kid she doesnt smoke or do pot ill even have her do a drug test hahahah my mom to her sta 
 how cum i attract girls who dont like to go out and barely drink or smoke
 who smoke crack  
 its such a turn on if you dont smoke cigs
 why is it that the oven always smokes whenever i want to relax
 lol i dnt even smoke
 i be so confused when the people that always gotta ask for money are the ones that dont do nothing but smoke all day. weird lol
 i can always count on sammy to smoke all my cigarettes while im at work  luv him tho
 @trentperry8 whats even sadder is no one wants to smoke with me right now
 dont even know him. i wanted chain smokers to win. 
 everything i own reeks of cigs that i dont even smoke
 whats this leaf look like you know trees maple oak only thing i know are my weed trees  lois.
 dont smoke so wouldnt kno 
 i have dreams im smoking weed and i wake up scared that im going to fail a drug test lmao
 i dont even smoke 
 who wants to smoke
 i wouldve  named myself the blow smokers but now that im at 10k i dont want to ever encourage the smoking of cocaine we are past that
 i want to smoke meth lol
 i dont even smoke weed like that but fuck it...im about to roll up
 how yall pay thousands in tuition to not do shit but drink and smoke is besides me.
 oh amp i dont do any drugs besides smoke marijuana
 these mfs always trynna force me to smoke
 @future you smoke mids
 @tjts saw people snort  shoot  and smoke  its been a wild two days
 i be wanting to slap my weed man when we dont answer
 i be wanting to slap my weed man when he dont answer
 i dont even smoke anymore but i need like 12 blunts rn 
 i just want some body to smoke with tonight ..
 @yerlocalgod lmao ill call u when im gonna smoke dont worry
 my sister doesnt want me to smoke anymore and i might just stop  hmm.....
 you cool ppl  always hmu for the weed plug lmao amp i didnt know you stayed that close too me
 14. if she always say i get my weed for free she a damn hoe ass hoe
 its sunday night so u know what that means  i chain smoke amp cry 2 chance the rapper
 i hate when my shit smells like cigarettes  especially when i dont even smoke cigs
 nigga if you aint know he smokes cigarettes what do you know 
 i always want to smoke before i poo but as soon as i smoke i dont have to go anymore and it happens every time idk why i try
 idgaf if you dont like that i smoke weed  imma still be high. 
 nah i am a hookah smoker and i dont inhale the smoke. i definitely inhale the ganga
 chicago dont even support this kid like that because hes not rapping about bitches hoes weed and guns. 
 i want to smoke hoookie
 for so many people  weed is their thing and they like dont even know how to do it right. thats wild
 dont listen to sam   he smokes crack.  
 so what we get drunk so what we smoke weed were just having fun we dont care who sees
 you smoke mids you dont need to bring other people around alldat 
 i get my own money    smoke my own weed amp dont fw nobody 
 i swear on everything the people in the next apartment over smoke weed cause my bathroom is dank and i know its not me
 does anyone want to smoke a blunt with me 
 @thesonofjb look at him now cant do nothing but be happy he aint promoting guns drugs he dont smoke or drink gotta respect him
 i dont dislike lil yachty music iont understand some of it but i do know he dont promo guns or drugs and he dont smoke or drink
 anderson paak was a fat nigga trimmin marijuana on his friends couch like 5 years ago lmao. thats crazy g
 i dont smoke  or drink. sober mind..
 yall better not come for adele. you dont want this smoke 
 jk he had weed but i dont smoke so i just gave him my cigarette
 dope smokes  
 also  please stop posting pics of the weed youre buying or selling  no one gives a shit lmao  unless you got meth im not interested...
 i dont smoke drugs are bad duhhhh 
 i dont mind dating someone who smokes weed but if you poppin pills  drinkin lean heavy.. i dont want you.
 why most girls that are beautiful  smoke cigs smh
 i dont even smoke  and i need a cigarette. haysus.
 smokin weed helps relieve stress
 if you dont get kush from me or one my homiesaffiliatesbusinessmen  then please dont hit me up to blow wit you  cuz yo weed prolly 
 nope all i want to do is fuck ass and smoke 
 @soiceyken when people ask why we smoke so much dope. 
 ol dude would t let me smoke a cigarette in his car the other night cause hes trying to stop smoking em 
 youre the reason i dont wanna smoke on these cigarettes no more 
 anybody that smoke them shits nasty 
 thats what weed does to you brooooo lol 
 i get to attend my first cannabis cup 
 i get to attend my first cannabis cup 
 they dont invite to they rap awards   its all good i dont wanna smoke my gas with yall
 an unforgettable weekend with an excellent smoker  a dope grab a date and an exciting wwechamber party. now back to school life 
 cant even trust reviews on weedmaps cause those people just leaving reviews for gifts 
 constantly complains about feeling like physically drained also doesnt sleep  doesnt eat  smokes too much  and drinks too much
 im off work who wants to smoke
 i just wasted all this weed bro 
 please dont smoke around me if its not loud.
 only reason i want a girl that smoke is cuz iont want a girl that dont smoke telling me i need to stop
 i dont even smoke weed do your research also dont do this
 youll cowards dont even smoke crack
 i got people say i smoke too much drugs too  because i love to. i tell them fuck you  dyingggggg 
 why dont you smoke  me other influential addictive ways to relieve stress amp id rather inhale cum than nasty smoke
 yall really think a girl owes you for sharing some weed and buying her a 5 fast food meal cant relate.
 im like cuz ion even smoke 
 this here tl is just too angry tonight...i dont have enough weed for all yall.
 i liked when rappers rapped about shit thats happening in the world instead of bitches  money and weed.
 i asked if she smoke and she told me kno  im smokin up all the weed
 i already know save me a blunt smoke 1 wit ya 5 
 they say money is the motivation. i smoke an ounce a day   even though im on probation.
 @hecksnawbro when i started smokin weed lmao
 i think everyone working @ the whataburger on ft worth drive smoked meth before work tonight
 @ryleewutt i dont even smoke weed
 q what type of person you dont have to say hi to  a a person who smokes weed  this joke was not sponsored by colorado milehigh
 i want to talk on the phone as i smoke this blunt but no friends
 i dont even smoke. 
 when niggas who dont smoke  hoop  get turfy or play sport video games wanna kicc it i just be like you sus so nah
 anyways  time to smoke 
 yall get in a irritated mood when you dont smoke  
 i dont even smoke. 
 i really dont get believed when i tell people i dont smoke no more 
 1130  idk if ima smoke i really dont want to 1145  fuck im stoned
 you dont want no smoke
 why do people think its cool or something others are jealous of if you sell...or smoke...or drink...nobody cares lmaoo
 when you dont need no weed man cause you yo own plug gtgtgt 
 you smoke crack dont ya boy  
 when she say you only care about your friends  money  and weed. 
 it would be dope to have a girl to smoke a blunt and drinking 40s with
 if you aint matching me a half zip or better i dont think we can smoke together.
 @agamewins how much was that crack you smoked before posting this tweet
 anyways i lost my phone in an uber who hasnt even hit me back up  but got to smoke a joint and watch the dirty heads so im not mad
 u know fuq the grammys 1d had 5 albums amp got no recognition but the mother fucking chain smokers  yall kill me.
 ion smoke broccoli  im smoking cantaloupe 
 ima just smoke til i cant think anymore 
 i actually dont like trap music while i smoke. throw on some mellow shit please.
 thats all they do is very much smoke crack
 i have to remember  my weed is for my mental health. its a medicine. if i run out  im fucked.
 money  weed  and youuuuuu
 i dont think this person has ever even tried weed if she wearin shoes like these  
 weed too lol... more weed  less stress
 how to protect yourself from buying bad marijuana 
 i want to smoke
 yall smoke cigarettes  yuck
 we dont cherish no weed roll allat shit up 
 leave me alone. i smoke and drug from time to time. so what. it gets worse before it gets better . lol. i sound wild  so what 
 i promise yall dont want no smoke straight up man
 free smoke for anybody who want it in 8 ball 
 also dont try and give me health tips cuz of my weight when you smoke blacks and cigs all day 
 @ryteeb you dont want no smoke bro im a legend
 to cope with my sisters 18 bday  i need some whiskey  weed  and cocaine.  im not even kidding. bummed
 honestly  i dont want a boyfriend. i want someone to just kick it and smoke with.
 would you rather as take bottles and bottles of pills instead of smoking weed to help us feel better 
 broooo if i didnt spend so much money on weed i literally wouldve been rich rn 
 i smoke out of backwoods because i care about my weed good morning 
 if you smoke crack once does that always make you a crack head
 best to do everything they can to cover it up. the stupid talk is a smoke screen ppl. ask them why they are doin it so much then ask about
 still owe oomf a smoke out
 @fckbvby right  most of the girls here dont even smoke weed lmfao
 i dont do xans i dont smoke weed i dont condone drugs 
 this weed and bottle of water is my breakfast
 i know you wasnt high.. you didnt even inhale  wasting weed  
 @badgalreirei cause if you smoke too much the effect can last up to the next day but people get used to it been there done that lmao
 i hope yall never get to the point where weed dont get you high anymore.   it sucks.
 so i smoke this loud cause you wont be quiet
 this nigga dont do drugs no more but still smoke cigs 
 @brriiiee happy birthday briana c drink dont smoke too much today
 to all yall baby lung smokers lmao 
 if ion stop smoking weed and past a drug test for a kidney ima go crazy
 who wants to smoke 
 ion get ppl who are like i only smoke backwoods like as it aint white owls ill smoke it lmao
 frat girls still tryna get even haters mad for whatever reason  smoke in the air  binge drinkin malibu 
 if i ask people not to smoke then im selfish.
 i was up all night smelling weed so im cranky lol dont pay me no attention
 my apartments so quiet but be so loud cause all my neighbors smoke lmao
 you know youre at icc when the girl next to you smells like straight up weed 
 @siemenswhistleb is payed for me at the va  not even a single copay  people dont know the weeds of my reality  its impossible to live.
 unfortunately i dont smoke anymore but we definitely gotta get up fam 
 when people say i smoke to much... 
 if you want children dont smoke a lot of weed 
 if you want to offer me a token of your love for valentines day  i like smokehouse almonds.
 i dont understand how niggas can allocate money for weed but not have pencils in class or gas money.
 much love to you bro tryna smoke this birthday blunt 
 dude people who smoke cigarettes regularly smell so fucking bad i cant
 i real life smoke more than anybody i know and we can put money on it
 ion smoke  i sip 
 uh pink body mist but usually i just dont be giving a fuck if i smell like weed oh well 
 @hamans15 @ballb4hoes ya dont want no smoke in madden
 i dont know how its still humanly possible for me to get so fucked up still off a few puffs. is this weed gettin stronger or wha
 when teachers and parents tell you weed is a horrible thing i just show em my stocks in how much im making off itthousandtoday
 might stay in the trump tower for one week  spray paint all the walls and smoke weed  fuck them and fuck yall and fuck me
 i dont even talk to anyone. so its like valentines day is just going to be me telling my weed how much i love it.
 when ur beat friend backfires on you  makes me think so i even got friends anymore fronted u weed to sell n make money without usin urs.
 @rashaadramie lmao and you know this man said like smokey
 where im from you either play ball   sale dope   or weed
 keep on havin ambitions to smoke weed  but then forgeting to actually do it lol.
 dont know if im just moved by prince tribute but id pay top  to have this colored smoke at my feet at all times 
 12 gs all day get ur smoke on 
 buying toothpaste amp marijuana drug tests
 literally smoke where i want too
 didnt even have to smoke to do this . we was so damn bad we did it anyway  
 i dont even smoke
 people dont ever believe me when i say i dont drink or smoke
 valentines day is tomorrow amp the usual  i dont have one but who cares i have weed 
 if u ask me what i do all day ill tell u smoke and get money  thats it
 only half the driveway shoveled and i just want to smoke  cuddle  and watch netflix 
 @buzzardbob i wear my heart on my sleeve and i dont give a fuck if anyone wants to judge me thats how you weed out the real friends
 i just dont understand how there are people in the world who take adderall without smoking weed
 anybody tryna smoke 
 bra most of my money really go to weed and food then the rest either to clothes for me my girl or my siblings
 would you rather count cake or smoke weight 
 how can ppl smoke cigs erryday
 i really smoke dope with the demons 
 i think i shared a cigarette with that girl the night before. i dont even smoke. wut
 reason i dont smoke with niggas 
 who wants to smoke a blunt in the valley thats not going to flake lol
 i only smoke in different cities  dont ask
 and i spent like 60 for that sack of weed too 
 if you want to smoke cigs i dont give a shit we live in a country that allows personal freedoms 
 they got weed  but i been dope.
 montae gone be the only sober one  ion smoke but im my daddy son. different nigga off the hen
 when the teacher is talking about weave  but the kid thinks you said weed. that convo lasted way too long. oh me. 
 now that i dont smoke weed  i take like 23 showers a day when im bored
 @dailyrushbo @limbaugh @youtube rush has hit on something here. big tobacco is back  cheers pc gov approves pc marijuana  no harm  gov says
 mancera said i called em after i just got done taking my wisdom teeth out and that i was tryna kick it and smoke lmao ion remember shit
  chill nephew i dont want no smoke 
 just tryin fuck and smoke. and then eat some azteca.
 ew @ people who try n talk shit about weed and people who smoke it then all of a sudden love it and are the biggest pot heads ever
 they need to make those dont smoke cigs commercials but for coffee warning about how u can become hooked
 weed makes the world go round   but i dont smoke
 i think my plug be making up names of weed when he reup
 @chancetherapper  thanks for representing the chi. that cig dude means you grinding but have to smoke it. 
 do you know what weed looks like i thought weed was a pill
 lmfao @ everybody that try to stay i still smokedo absolutely anything that could possibly harm my baby.
 second degree possession of marijuana what does that even mean can somebody tell me the full list of drug charges you can get arrested for
 everybody know i dont smoke and why would you just hmu and say that 
 me save money save all your money no weed no alcohol no clothes no  also me buys a half ounce a case and new heel 
 this girl has been throwing hints all day we should smoke together. i dont know what gave her the idea that i even smoke
 i want my car back so i can smoke in it
 bro no one wants to smoke w me wtf
 @papitrulo isu my bad. you know anybody with smokes out here lol
 i cant smoke boof weed im sorry so dont pass me no reggie 
 stopprofiling if people want to smoke smoke its bad for your health butt people protest for abortions which is worse
 @lautncr no  im just saying me  you  weed  and love.
 attend a panel where i will speak on the future of cannabis in california 21617.  
 @radiomattrick marijuana should be legalized  or at least decriminalized. it is no worse for you than cigs  probaly even less.
 dont even eat anymore just smoke .
 people really dont wanna link with me nomore because i dont smoke 
 people who defend nazis are the same people i dont trust to smoke weed around.
 plus i smoke to much to be chasing after anybody  
 smh weed found me a love like this one and i regret it immensely  jk 
 if i ever get caught with weed in the car yall better bail me out cause yall know ion smoke
 i hate not being in full control of my thoughts now a days  reason a on why is it i dont smoke as often   reason b the lazy factor too
 smoke smoke some drink some pop one
 i want life to be so good that i dont even wanna smoke no more im so high off my own life
 yea i had a drink yea i smoked. girl you think i need you but i dont.
 i dont even get high anymore i partake in the experience of cannabis amp appreciate the effects
 i didnt give you my number to tell me i got loud on deck  8th 40 idgaf ion smoke
 for a nigga that dont smoke  i love the smell of weed
 niggas swear up and down they dont smoke 
 shit crazy how i dead dont feel the constant urge to smoke anymore 
 this smoker may need health care sooner than most 
 bitches always saying niggas aint shit but want a nigga to smoke them out for the f you brazy
 not buying no more weed after today
 that weed make u sleep i dont want no sleepyhead ass nigga
 let a nigga smoke so he dont fuck yall up 
 im usually smokin weed  but rn im drinkin water
 doctor said not to smoke for 2 days  ion know bout alllllllat
 bro that can be my new weed bag 
 ill never pay that much for weed.
 i dont smoke enough weed
 i tell kai lin not to smoke for 24 hours so we can go to this job agency on tuesday  i look at her snap amp shes smoking. like really nigga
 @jeffsessions wrong about marijuana people just want an alternative other than alcohol or prescription drugs doesnt make them bad people
 when someone who smokes cigarettes tries telling you about the chemicals in spray tans bye
 @olivialanemusic your single me to i want someone that wont smoke and that wants a relationship and that is honest i hope
 shoot ya weed man if ya dope aint smokin
 do they smoke alcohol  @tripleogcee 
 bruh if you want to ever get me weed as a gift dont ever get me just a dime 
 you gotta be buying shake if your weed getting laced cause theres no way you dont know
 i only befriend those who say its ok when you tell them you dont have any weed to match them on
 and my baby mommas said we dont know any of them at all or smoke weed or friends with anybody and already rich
 love the shady ass smoke ship that sells imported cigs 
 dont want no smoke  
 all i do is smoke weed  im covered up in double gs 
 bro i used to dead ass be like why yall smoke everyday wtf   now... lmao.
 maybe thats why your money is fucked up cause you trusted some little thot with ya weed lol
 it should be illegal to smoke cigarettes in public g
 im baby free and i have weed lol 
 who wants to smoke my kush on valentines day baby 
 errybody sell weed honestly aint tryna hear you say you gettin money if you aint sellin no work 
 nah i dont smoke or drink  
 niggas dont ever got smokes but always wanna smoke 
 ion smoke 
 wouldnt even smoke that shit. fuck da woods at  
 @yunggt keep your money fuck that weed
 i smoke too much
 people say im dumb for doing heroine but little do they know that it shits on weed
 i smoked a blunt and now i feel so much better 
 i wonder how much money id save if i didnt buy weed    thing is i wont stop smoking to ever find out so... 
 all i want is weed and love  
 i get so much higher when i smoke with other people compared to when i smoke by myself
 @allysamitchell better smoke as many cigs as possible
 i told my boyfriend i dont smoke nshit because i want to be beautiful and healthy when i get older and this nigga was cheesing od
 who want me pull up on em . smoke a pound
 baby we only gone work if god in the picture  smoke a little too much  drink a little too much  i guess thats my issue.  maxx cupid
 when i dont smoke  i feel annoying to myself.
 @juliettekayyem i dont buy it. this statement is either a smokescreen until we pay attn to the next crazy whatever  or the truth is more 1
 my professor is jamaican amp he asked based off assumptions  what do we think he likes to do... this nigga in class gone say smoke weed
 i dont even need to explain how much i smoke  people know.
 i just want someone to smoke with me babe  laugh with me baby  lay with me babe.
 at the end of the day i dont want to talk to anyone i just want to smoke weed.
 anyone want to smoke 
 my brother what would u rather do do drugs  smoke weed  or smoke cannabis
 i dont do drugs.  i dont even smoke weed anymore
 i just want a new job and some weed for my birthday
 i dont smoke at all
 ion smoke 
 professor should marijuana be legalized  yes 65 of class no 30 dont know 5 professor great we got a class full of potheads 
 @twistedpolitix @nathempassoc @voteindhemp @votehemp saying no to drugs includes hemp. simply say no drugs
 shiiiit if you aint trynna smoke some dope   let me dick you down  amp rub ya toes then dont hmu tomorrow 
 they dont want no smoke they dont want no cancer @bigfoltz
 i know i dont smell weed again
 who cares if you dont have a boo to spend valentines day with shit smoke a blunt or something lmao
 we dont smoke nothing but java dutches
 you dont want no smoke you dont want no cancer
 i dont even smoke but im bout to burn this tree tonight .....
 why do you smoke a lot  cause i fucking want to thats why 
 ion smoke 
 good thing my smoke alarms dont work lmao.
 i dont even smoke but  
 to the girl who thinks shes cool because she thinks she knows pop culture shit  smokes  complains about boys over twitter...youre not. 
 i dont see how flynn can stay. just too much smoke and vp is compromised.
 you aint nobody. youre still human.. with a title. i dont think any higher of you than the weed man. so pipe it tf down.
 boy smoked em both
 i work  take care of my son  smoke hella weed  cater to my nigga  travel  and go to strip clubs 
 dont ever live in an apartment where its dog and smoke friendly its fucking gross
 i dont smoke 
 the continued prohibition of cannabis jeopardizes the health amp wellbeing of canadians much more than does the sub 
 i know some day the smoke will all burn off all these voices ill some day have turned off 
 you said you want some smoke nigga puff it up
 who wants to smoke a bowl on valentines day... dont need no flowers or chocolate unless it has weed in it lmao
 that lil shit you talking bout   thats lunch money ... we smoke that
 @countachcoupe ion smoke crack motherfucker i lick itttttt  wait ion think them the right lyrics
 lmao bro said you aint even suppose to be smoking weed  my dad 50 some not 20 some fuck outta here
 was mad but then i smoked a bowl about it and now i really dont care about anything 
 stop flaunting how much you drink and smoke  its not impressive at all
 i just want someone to smoke wme babe. laugh wme baby. lay wme babe. i just want the simple things 
 finding keef when you out of weed but convince yourself theres some around to smoke and you dont even have to pray to st. anthony gtgtgtgtgtgtgt
 nobody wants to smoke with me 
 same and i dont even smoke 
 dont remember one day when a nigga aint smoke. if i aint have a lighter best believe i used the stove
 when people put grams on deck on social media  i automatically dont trust you and your weed probably trash 
 who wants to smoke with my girls and i in tacoma
 @tygerhernandez come 2 la idk where rogie is but make him buy you weed lol
 she know she dont smoke  why she playing
 lol seeing scrubs with baddies kills me.... the smoke show thats coming into my life oh mannn i dont even think im ready 
 my momma just asked me do my job drug test   dawg just ask me do i smoke 
 @tygerhernandez damn smoke me out coward
 joseph would be so dissapointed if he saw how much weed i spilled
 so nobody in new haven wanna smoke  say less im not holding nobody down when they ask then
 i just want to smoke man. 
 lol so blessed to have a boyfriend who loves to smoke just as much as i do
 dont trust people that dont know what strain their weed is or mix two different strains in a grinder together. or people that lace
 if youre pregnant and drink  smoke  do drugs  you dont deserve to have a baby
 fam these niggas in houston got weed bags with the nike swoosh on em
 tomorrow i just want a bottle of hennessy and some weed to share with my main bitches
 nobody wants to smoke an l with me yall super whack
 @ovoxoscar its not so bad lol depends how much you smoke and what you smoking on lol helps me stay focus tbh
 i still smoke dutches... and i dont care
 i swear niggas think weed is the key to getting all girls to fw em.. like no  that shit dont excite me. 
 so today was my first time buying from a dispensary and i dont even smoke but when i got home i opened the bottle and it was empty 
 i want to smoke
 smokin weed ridin fast like this shit not illegal 
 @dajonna bitch i dont know what for you better smoke a fucking blunt and keep it fucking moving 
 any drug other than weed i dont fw and this is exactly why seeing ppl trip out aint for me.
 you smoke crack  dont ya
 i want to smoke marijuana
 i dont even smoke and the wyd after tweets kill me 
 id kill somebody. i try not to say shit like that but i would really smoke that bitch if i saw that go down 
 if you have to post weed pics all over the gram or all on snap. you obviously new to this. who brags about weed anymore 
 i will not match no mf if you dont have 2 blunts or more... amp ill gladly smoke my shit in your face if i dont want you to hit my blunt 
 yo  if i dont smoke i dont sleep  ill be up all night  
 i wont smoke meth until the new @tool album comes out. i mean i dont do meth nor will i  but this is my stance. ball is in your corner now
 guys. i want to go to smokehouse.
 @whypery llah i stay running out i smoke to much and shit
 followed immediately by posting weed 
 bro im really about to go off on one of my weed mans.
 i really wanna smoke tomorrow but i dont fw my old plugs anymore
 frfr dont hmu to smoke   i dont smoke anymore
 most yall graduates are bums livin with ya momma smokin weed all day. 
 i aint even worried about a drug test  i dont even smoke so better for me. hope i get this job soon.
 fucc the swishers and dutches i only smoke wood.
 shannons man always wants to smoke me out . hes a keeper 
 but i really got asked for my id at the smoke shop like he dont be selling me woods on the regular
 barbie dolls dont smoke doe 
 why did i drink so much an smoke so much
 thats for them petty weed mans selling those small bags trying to turn a 7 to 28 shit dont work like that
 nd people who smoke em 
 fake weed smokers  yall crack me up
 @aemeinema23 they  .... lol i dont smoke em   that was my point
 i dont need no damn hoes for valentines day. i just want ableton and some weed.
 bring me weed to novi so everybody can make some money
 youre lame if you dont smoke out your plug
 if you ask someone if they smoke and they dont reply smoke what  odds are they dont smoke weed
 im out here smokin weed  speeding  allat dawg
 want a cookout milkshake lowkey  but i aint gettin out of bed unless i can get weed during my adventure
 hey bro do you know where i could buy a weed
 @dessknee but how many of them in college and smoke crack like me
 lmao my table put weed in their hookah today  some ppl really have no fucking common sense 
 after reading their bs  i want to smoke what theyre having to forget things too. lol d 
 i really feel like me not smoking weed the reason i been down bad mentally i need my werd
 that moment the weed man didnt even put ya weed in a baggy  just handed to me
 idek why i even bother calling a weed man after 1am like its always over 
 who in shep wants to smoke ill smoke with you
 mfs be like i dont post my every move but all they do is smoke and drink
 she think i talk to this girl that girl or im fuckin  this girl or that girl.... i just be smokin weed listenin music b
 and she dont even smoke just hit it once while she light it
 were lovers in the smoke and we cant even breathe.
 mom really just handed me 6 instead of 10 then said you cant buy marijuana with 6 ... anything is possible ma trust
 idc what anyone says  weed is medicine
 dont make me smoke up all your kush
 bro wtf i deadass needa smoke like fr lol
 ill never understand how females try to be cute when you smoke weed  bitch i know if you dont sit yo ugly ass down somewhere 
 yea so really dont care for today  might just eat some shrooms amp smoke my blunts
 anybody tryna smoke
  smoke smoking if your job drug tests
 this day dont mean shit to my life so i woulda told my girl if i had one to not buy me shit. but weed lol
 @harrisonfordla lol in the flesh  had to ask people these days pretend to be someone there not and make fake accounts. i weed out the fakes
 want new people to smoke with 
 please dont smoke around me if its not loud
 @rollingolympics this is an example that weed makes people creative love these photos and your twitter site brilliant mate
 count my dough amp smoke up
 i couldnt give less of a fuck that u dfw smokers especially if ur poppin pills amp gettin blacked out nearly every night 
 a lot of people have the mindset that taxation is theft. then theyll turn around and say look how much tax revenue  can make of weed
 i didnt even realize until she texted me back this is why i need to stop smoking weed. 
 happy valentines day my bf wont even ask his dad for money to buy us weed 
 me amp bro use to smoke so much dope omm
 quit playinnnnnnnn  you dont want no smoke 
 is it lame that my dream is to just own a 711 that cells weed instead of cigarettes like thats all i want out of life
 good thing i dont smoke smh
 no like you guys dont understand the only thing my mom hates more than weed is sex 
 i smoke rapper weed  this that moonrock.
 is it relevant right now at this moment that rs are talking about aca.  its a smoke screen so they dont have to talk about lying donny
 where theres smoke... trumprussia trumpleaks 
 i smoke too much..
 no matter how much i smoked amp skipped my grades were always a1 lol 
 cute girls think they can smoke for free lol nah bitch cop a bag aint shit sweet 
 anybody want to smoke with me hate smoking by myself
 who wants to bring me a pack of rellos and smoke 
 lmao i dont even smoke but this touched my heart.  
 i just want to fuck smoke chill my shit 
 i shouldve made some weed infused chocolate covered strawberries to sell today lol
 niggas think just cause you sell bud it means they get smoked out all the time and dont gotta pay
 you a bitch nigga if you got your girl buying you weed for valentines day
 i dont understand how people can roll into class reeking like weed
 fuck a vase full of roses she want weed in jar
 fuck a vase full of roses she want weed in a jar
 @headdhancho happy g day cousin  smoke some for me 
 i dont fwu if youre the  i only smoke backwoods type  bitch then gtfo of the circle with yo fake ass
 less alcohol and more marihuana addicts is this the solution 
 why yu in social media acting like yu do but dont want smoke 
 how much crack you smoke on a daily basis 
 finna go smoke some coma
 anybody tryna link and smoke big dope
 i dont smoke but ill smoke with you.  smoke 
 @lydiaburrell holy shit you are a better man than i. there is not enough weed in this world.
 psa idc if you smoke weed before philosophy club but please dont get stoned out of your mind
 repost @raheemdevaughn with @repostapp  ivy city smoke house in washington dc at 7pm 
 eye cut down on shit. just been smokin weed
 i want my skin to look like kehlanis but i know id have to give up dr. pepper amp probably weed too 
 and theres a shitton of smoke there flynntraitor  trumpbrandtreason  onlygoodtrumpisinjail trumprussia 
 dont be a weed whore
 theres no fucking way trump isnt compromised by the russians one way or another. just too much smoke. like i said  a bad movie.
 cigarette smoke makes me want to be back in europe
 yall are weirdos saying weed is your valentine 
 too bad yall gotta fuck these niggas to get what yall want im bouta eat  drink  smoke all dat n pop nooooo pussy
 i cant even smoke this the worse day ever
 i dont even got any weed on valentines day and i already told her yes
 so you call your ex and say im not like dom to drink and smoke all my problems away tf what youre a coward
 @tygachung for some reason this reminds me of when me and chef used to smoke your ass on them big creek trail runs back in the day...
 this new tobacco or prohibiting people under the age of 21 from buying cigarettes is stressing me out but i can still smoke em.. okay
 niggas dont want smoke with me 
 this could be us but u dont even smoke weed 
 i dont smoke if it aint fuego.
 if he can spend money on weed but not on you  hes not the one 
 who wants to smoke
 i need a friend to always smoke with since my bf doesnt smoke anymore 
 i want to smoke today lol im in the mood . 
 so who wants to smoke and go on a movie date 
 what classifies as rapper weed
 i dont have a criminal record all my life or smoke drugs at all or drink i dont have habits not even if drugs in my hand at all
 @weedfeed @thekindlandsome marihuana users know weeds dangerous for childrens brains  some know its agateway drug  others know trauma.
 i just want to smoke some blunts and eat tacos
 @juiiceboii lmao i dont smoke
 smoking all the weed that i used to sell
 half of yall dont even got enough money for gas money  weed  and valentines gifts 
 @summersarae smoke big money crud 
 just want these wings and some weed lol das all 
 if you smoke then you know 
 i want to smoke a blunt so very much
 taxing weed is paying off in colorado. 
 out of the blue  my dad asks our waitress if she smokes
 i dont have a valentine to smoke out  so ill just smoke myself out lol
 dont ya love the smell of weed in the morning
 im tweeted this smoke shit and my ass at work
 bout to say fuck it amp call the weed man up
 when you buy her flowers and she say where the weed at 
 i stress smoke and that scares me
 been smoking so much weed  my shits turning green
 @artbellproducer heather back to those ecigarettes.  nicotine is a deadly poison.  it is used to kill weeds besides being addictive.
 i need a nap and a smoke  and i dont even smoke
 stop complaining yall dont have dates for valentines day. yall been single for days now.  get the fuck over. lmao. smoke some weed
 this one day i was rollin in the back of work for when i get off amp the lil bro that doesnt smoke looks at me amp says you look stupid lmfao
 really didnt wanna invite lil bro neither cuz i wanted to smoke on the way
 im always blown away by how many people smoke cigs while driving down south
 money weed and bitches
 im 20 lmao nice try though son i like the dedication i already tweeted the money was going to my food and weed 
 what did he know and when  did he know it how good guys  finally won . jimmy  smoke amp mirro 
 seem to be posing for a pic before they smoke. ion really get the issue here  
 if you niggas want smoke guarantee i got dope
 i need some chicken  crown apple  and a blunt i dont even smoke for valentines day thank you so much see you wednesday night when im off
 fuck being a dope dealer you possible to get killed by the niggas that smoke witcha 
 this is why you dont smoke crack children 
 i quit smoking cannabis  last step on my path to complete sobriety. cleaner than a whistle rn. gained all my weight back whats up 
 you know youre relationship goals when you put each other eating weed brownies on snapchat 
 dont tell me youre gonna come smoke and then be like let me shower first....lmao why you gotta shower to smoke
 ima smoke way too much when i get home believe that
 bro my professor is like 60 and is currently talking shit about people who are against marijuana. hes real af 
 smokin weed no my blacks  
 ion love em  ion chase em i duck em  smoke something go to a new state soon as i fuck em
 empty bottles of clicquot and ashes on the floor. towel under the door. we wasnt supposed to even smoke.
 smokin weed
 even my brother got his gf a gift  lol wheres the weed lol
 smelling weed just makes me want a blunt that much more.
 i want some weed
 i just be high boolin amp mfs be bothered  like you need to smoke too 
 i asked this nigga is he on drugs cause his face is getting pale he gone say nope just weed and xans  like xans aint a od drug 
 paul ryan is trying to dump obama care while all this russian crap is going on. dont take you eye off the ball people its smoke amp mirrors
 when you realize you spend about 16 of your whole existence waiting on the weed man
 bitches will spend they last on weed amp not feed they kids chasing behind a nigga that got outta jail amp dont answer the phone for you ho 
 i need to find this jenna marbles weed everyone is talking about  
 i be in weed comas lmfao
 either someone here smoked weed or i just want some that bad. because i smell it.
 your party makes us pay for people in prison to live because of marijuana charges i dont want to hear it 
 got my weed from the west  pills from the east. got 2 bottles of goose  thats geese
 i dont even smoke every day so why you  
 if u dont know anything jus kno i got sum weed
 too much of something can kill you nigga i can smoke a million blunts and not die wym
 i spend all my money on either weed  makeup  or food.
 im jealous of money clubs spending cash on young players. lots of them. then weeding out the ones who dont make it. chelsea  psg  citeh
 anticigarette propaganda just makes me want to smoke cigarettes more
 this sagittarius boy wants to smoke with me. i have to prepare myself.
 lowkey made me feel better to know that i wasnt the only single person at the smoke shop lol
 only thing i smoke is weed bro
 never snuck out never done drugs  never smoked cigs never drank or been drunk. always been such an honest trustworthy kid but it dont matter
 so its just a general assumption that everyone smokes weed now
 shoot the weed man if the dope dont smoke
 so nobody dont even ask me to smoke with them fuck that
 i smoke a eighth you myself i dont save it
 @ayemxrc dont smoke ever weirdo weed is bad
 when you smoked weed 2 times before and you want everyone to know... 
 i cant even laugh... lmfaoo everytime i laugh i cough amp sound like i smoke cigarettes 
 salina court system is a joke unless you have weed or alcohol. then they do their job to the fullest to make sure you pay hundredsthousands
 really a bummer nobody wants to pay me to smoke weed and listen to rap. i should move back to texas.
 wait even better. ill smoke you up if you buy me taco bell
 how much weed did you buy 
 @megerath @snoopdogg i know you dont smoke weed. i know this.
 @megerath @snoopdogg i know you dont smoke weed. i know this.
 bae lets smoke on that backwood and talk bout what we want
 gelato smoke da best like str8 up bro 
 gelato smoke da best bro  str8 up 
 i just want to smoke a blunt and drink a corona
 i wouldnt want flowers on valentines day  id want pizza and weed 
 i wouldnt want flowers on valentines day  id want pizza and weed
 i wouldnt want flowers on valentines day  id want pizza and weed. then id know you know me
 smoke a lot of weed had to calm my stress
 keep the mf blunt in yo pocket bro. doggy dogg is all about the zigzag smoke
 dont quote me on this but hopefully after this pack of smokes my money wont be spent on another one
 i dont want no smoke  we good 
 the weed is worth it. 
 @brandontyler20 thats why chance riding the beat... they just need a smoke break cause they on different drugs 
 not to brag but i smoke so much weed i have bronchitis
 bro i stg everytime i smoke w kyra  girl does some dumb shit 
 nobody cares. smokescreen. trumprussia russia russia 
 i dont know whats louder the weed im smoking or what just happened in that hotel room on valentines day
  if these mfs dont remind you of thomas the train amp friends you smoked
 hands down dopest dope i ever smoked
 he doesnt drink  smoke or do drugs. he only works for all americans 207 every day. god love him and we should too. hello fake news.
 @therbzyall omg i do hes wild lmao just chain smokes cigs and talks
 like yes im a hard ass worker and yes i smoke the ganj 
 lots of smoke here. when does it burst into flame 
 i really didnt care for weed now look at me 
 voters were convinced media and establishment were liars before any russia stories. they dont care how much smoke u says coming out of gun.
 1st lie my parents know but dont know i smoke weed  as long as my grades stay up they dont mind
 i always have a water bottle during smoke sessions haha
 these niggas dont wanna smoke they dont want no cancer 
 valentines times day was dope. got to smoke some dope. with the dopest  
 if you smoke tobacco dont... shits not cool bro
 even the weed man was on some messy shit today lol
 i got 5 forever whoever brings me to get some weed shit even if you bring me some weed ill give you a extra 5
 @realdonaldtrump weed out and fire the moles that are leaking intel. plug the holes these people dont want you protect yourself
 cigs r so highfashion dont @ me i dont even smoke its just a kink
 trynna say no to drugs but this weed look mighty nice
 she say i smoke too much  i lean too much 
 all i want to do is smoke some dope
 amtrak pacificsurfliner i dont smoke but for some reason being stuck on the train and you telling me i cant  is exactly why i want to.
 i smoke too much
 i make money by myself  i smoke by myself 
 kaz hey em  you want to smoke em yeah kaz thats dope  you should get some bud then as he rips the gb vdayrelationshipgoals
 people you smoke too much  me 
 idk whats worse  the amount of money i spend on food or the amount i spend on weed
 @djdirtyrico @raheemdevaughn we up next | pinderstory @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 but what does this mean.... where theres smoke  theres usually fire  but only time can tell. 
 literally cigs give me massive headaches and make me so nauseous and they smell awful and you can give ppl second hand smoke sooo
 does anybody smoke weed
 @dbrooooo i dont smoke 
 yall let niggas smoke your girl out lmfao she def cheating
 @vheffa @chrisbrunet i think thats what people call me  plus you guys have weed  so im down
 ive been dyin to smoke these last four days  such a stress reliever 
 i swear you smoke a blunt and suddenly everyone knows the dope game
 like unless its stuffed w. weed ion want no fcking teddy bear lmao
 where theres smoke  theres treason.
 i dont know what you ate or smoke tonight but you forget how bad the rockets can be  when 3s are not falling amp no 
 wants to smoke
 i live to smoke bbq playinwithfire 
 i mean  your not the one who inhaling the bad chemicals. sooo shut up. let me smoke my cigarette in peace 
 i only smoke blunts dont pass me no glass
 @thebinginengine true  but mozgov  ehh. im just saying the dude burns out quickly. and thats definitely a weed pun lol
 stop doing this. i smoke way too much for ya to keep doing this shit 
 yall ever look at your weed thoroughly. weed in beautiful 
 i honestly dont understand how i used to smoke so much pot.. now i take one hit and am retarded
 fuck it just smoke some dope  
 this lady went off on me on snapchat for posting weed because high school girls follow me 
 if you smoke reggie just dont even speak my way 
 @ryanlang99 cause he smokes cigs
 i can tell some of yall dont smoke gas real pressure
 dont even go in on weed anymore if we cant match one we dont need to be matching
 bro i cant smoke with no nigga who drag the blunt
 google search of the night what kind of legal substance can you smoke out of a crack pipe
 this one of the reason i like weed cause it never leaves me on read 
 just smoke dope
 i dont smoke backwoods  really they just hype
 fuck money on my roses my gf got me weed in my shit  
 i hate when people that know i dont smoke offer me to smoke lol...
 jk ion even smoke no more
 ion want to sell weed or flip amp finesse. i want to work hard  create business opportunities  go to college and be the man my mother raised 
 if you dont love weed as much as me we wont work out 
 i wish artist would stop rappingsinging about drugs  not even weed like the hard drugs
 i cant even sleep when i dont have marijuana 
 @terrancedwayne i dont even smoke no more.  i have no inspiration
 that dont be they weed either.  
 whyd i think someone spilled their weed lmao 
 ion kno much about weed but this dont look right 
 bored smoke dope
 google how to find weed in a new city it says ask restaurant workers
 bout to down 12 beers in an hour cause out of weed and i need to finish this online course. dont ask how this is gonna help cause idek lol
 miss our smoke seshs 
 blu mf n other drinkz i got money i got weed
 you have no pics  no weed and no conversation  why are you comfortable enough to ask where i reside
 i spent my whole damn advance on some fucking weed  bought me some things i dont need dont tell la reid
 saying phrases like 420 and smoke weed everyday 
 i dont even smoke and i need a blunt  smh this shit is horrible
 how u stop smokin weed but resort to smokin blacks niggas stupid man
 i dont eat when i dont smoke 
 everyone has to drive off property to smoke a cig  but i can chew and work 
 nah but really. and if u cant even roll wit backwoods just dont smoke mane 
 people incarcerated always want you to do something  im not sending you no money to buy weed brah 
 ion even smoke amp i know this wrong 
 what its like to attend a 125 marijuana pairing dinner where guests eat and get high  
 dont pass me no regular all i smoke is loud
 @slootsmacker forreal bro i barely even smoke anymore bc it gets me too lifted lol 
 you dont even smoke 
 good thing i dont smoke. lol  i just find that markup value crazy. theyre really trying to get ca to quit smoking. 
 she wan smoke my dope let her smoke my dope
 i just want to smoke   thats it 
 ion even know you.. bitch nigga i might smoke you 
 never understood why @souljaian smoked in airport bathrooms but it all makes sense now
 @katyperry ok i will smoke then sleep but i want you so bad
 sorry if i hit you with the unfollow  i saw you didnt like me so i weeded you out
 all we do is smoke  drink and fuck in that order but lately i want more of ya.
 continue 2 smoke and remain g as fuck
 i dont love em  i dont chase em i duck em  smoke somethin go to a new state soon as a i fuck em
 i dont love em  i dont chase em i duck em  smoke somethin go to a new state soon as i fuck em
 @packjoh do you even smoke
 seeing people smoke outside of a cancer hospital makes me want to rip my hair out 
 im just glad i aint ever smoke that shit man. dont see how you people waste money on that shit.
 im making vegan smoked salmon aka carrot lox and i am so excites please let it work i dont want to eat salmon anymore.
 boutta start drinkin since i cant smoke
 do you know how many weeds he does
 ppl know dis amp will still smoke a pack a day 
 ive gotten so lazy. i dont even like rolling weed anymore smh
 lmfaoo anybody that smokedw me kno 
 i really want to smoke this blunt
 it is i rather just know its the smoke lmao . you see his eyes but barely 
 dont leave your weed fibers laying around you disrespectful fucks.
 after last night i want a girl who doesnt smoke
 people that think weed is bad and worse than cigarettes and alcohol are fucking retards no other way to put it 
 it surprises people when they ask if i wanna match amp i tell em i dont smoke anymore. it was hard af but i got a good supporting system
 hoes be pmo im dumb high dont even be knowing how to smoke
 dont try to hit my sweet if you dont know how to smoke 
 the whole reason marijuana is illegal is because of capitalism. 
 .@thefix smoke was there before election day when more scrutiny wouldve been helpful trumprussia trumplies mapoli
 backyard is greening up with weeds. does that normally happen in midfebruary i dont feel like it does  but i dont know... okwx
 when they ask you do you smoke weed at the doctor and you just sit there like 
 coke  crack  meth  heroin  xans  amp just a little bit of weed i dont like it tho 
 follow the trail of smoke and youll get @trippdenom everywhere. the single bright lights fast 
 i just dont understand why anyone would want to smoke week while carrying a baby..
 i just want to grow weed for a living please.
 where there is smoke  their is fire .. what would you be saying if clinton people had contact and she won .. i can 
 yeah my latest shorty gotta go lol nigga thick as bricks. im cool off him  i dont want no smoke
 how do people smoke cigs and drink coffee all day and not be thirsty
 no  they dont care  it is a smoke screen. democrats are covering something up big time.   
 the hallway smell like weed  lmao people at durham tech dont give a fuck
 i almost did but i dont want that second hand smoke or to be influenced by your dumb ass tweets. 
 i wouldnt even smoke that shit 
 holy smokes id better space those showers out im down to my last irish spring and i dont get paid till next week.
 @realdonaldtrump @nytimes @washingtonpost how does the old saying go where theres smoke...youre fired
 smoking all this weed cause you know a nigga got issues
 everyone smoke weed now   guess im the only one who dont
 i smoke hella weed all day and still got money and a whip. whats yall excuse 
 i spend so much cheese on weed amp food its ridiculous
 weed101 if dress a person out they smoke   if you stress them about smoking the smoking. just let them quit on their own. 
 dude works his ass off  pays his taxes  doesnt drink  smoke  do drugs. hes afraid to go to the store.
 i just want gas smoke in the air 
 i smoke weed i dont sell the shit damn
 also people who ask me if i brought any weed back get on my nerves lmao like yes let me bring bud thru airport security
 a mouth full of smoke really make things clear
 lmfaoo niggas at mga claim dis weed be city gas  if yall dont go sit down
 while we smoke a blunt id like to ask you where you see yourself in life  just to see where your mind is at 
 im not going to @ anybody   just smoke me out  
 i dont get how doctors will trip about you failing a marijuana drug test  but they wont think twice to sign a script for amphetamine 
 9 times outta 10  if she dont smoke and only drinks she a freak
 @fakerthewolf oh i hate life  so im going to slowly kill myself by sucking cancer sticks  i dont hate people who do smoke at all  but
 i really want someone to bond with low key. just smoke and talk.
 i dont smoke 
 just saw someone on a corner with a sign soliciting weed instead of money....at least hes honest whatatimetobealive
 is it not a boy that dont smoke weed in this generation 
 people be tryna smoke with me but i dont know them so its like chill face that 
 ion like girls who smoke....               me 
 can i get it while i drink parton cause i dont smoke 
 i dont even smoke cigarettes and my job makes me need like 50
 i wish more people would smoke pot... some of yall be stressin too much over irrelevant shit.
 in drug testing  cannabis stays in your system for up to 90 days. that should scare quite a few of you my psych teacher
 they dont want no smoke with charles oakley  
 jacob isnt answering but i want to smoke 
 jacob isnt answering and i want to smoke 
 i smoke way too much
 i just witnessed what it looks like to be 16 and smoke cigs because you think its cool
 this black girl i know said only ghetto people smoke so i know she assumes im ghetto although we drive the same car
 if you cant knock weed for a real job 75 w benefits  then you dont want to enough. yousleep staybrokeandhighthen
 if u are going to smoke a whole pack of cigarettes before coming to class at least put some perfume on u are really not helping my migraine
 @nebb for posting me smoking weed
 sooo i hope i dont get probation for this weed 
 to make it more insulting i dont even smoke like that so weed aint been getting my money that shit be bills
 twitter family  dont smoking dont drink alcohol  learning abaut me i dont drink  i dont smokeand im animala 
 dont forget to stop by and try our newest smoke item....burnt ends  ask your server if we have 
 day 2 of pay for my food and weed in vegas send all your money to my paypal
 if i have ever shared weed with you  then youre really special
 dont even try to talk to me if all you do is smoke 258...issa dub. 
 when someone says they wish they had money to blow... but they buy weed  smoke a pack of cigs a day and get drunk af on weekends stfu
 this girl look good but literally all she do is smoke  bitch got some money spent it all on weed
 i dont roll marijuana  i roll burritos. unlike some people at cypress. lacedcandies
 she dont want no smoke 
 how you sell weed but dont have the money to reup
 dont spend all your money on alcohol and weed dont spend all your money on alcohol and weed dont spend all your money on alcohol and weed
 @ubisoftsupport the only things its saying i got is the sunbeam emote  special execution smoke  and the unique helemets i know theres more
 all yall do is talk  all yall some pussys and dont want no smoke. ill beat your whole student sections ass 
 exactly why i smoke  so much .. too keep my stress level down
 my smokers corner made a ranking and im even surprised people know my name there
 hurry do i smoke more before work
 dyinnnnn ion even smoke so dont nobody quote my last tweet tryna shame me 
 if your parents let you smoke weed but wont let you have a tattoo doesnt make sense to me...
 i dont smoke crack mf  i       
 because he smoked so damn much 
 @drewtaggart i dont smoke crack mf  i      
 i mean people are gunna smoke it either way so mine as well sell it and make profit for the states 
 just cause you smoke  doesnt mean you wouldnt steal like whaaat 
 taking care of my babies after they had been neglected in a smokey building  
 i feel like i need a cigarette and i dont even fucking smoke man. 
 highkey want to rub on some booty and smoke when i get out this class
 now that i got that drug test out of the way where is the weed  
 i never thought id ever smoke as much as i do now
 let me lotion them feet while u roll this weed mommy.
 i smoke real rapper weed ion pass my blunt
 my manager just asked me why every morning im high  i dont even smoke 
 2 more months and i can smoke all i want
 i cant get this fucking smoke alarm to stop beeping and i actually want to  murder myself violently.
 when people say fuck smoking weed id rather just drink  something doesnt add up here 
 i get way too sleepy after i smoke lmao
 if you smoke while youre pregnant you dont deserve the baby you pop out
 you dont smoke  lol jk i gotchu ill send em to you. i have the one when you tryna get into them lil cars  u was 
 mysignaturedishwouldbecalled smoke em if u got em ribs
 heon want no smoke  heon want no static
 dont complain bout ur depression if u drink more alcohol than water amp pop pills amp smoke weed all day amp dont exercise or do anything @ all
 shell always float back through my mind like smoke
 @drosstoofly12  bruh pops already know you smoke my dude
 people that smoke while fueling their  dontdothat
 i dont smoke crack motherfucker i selll itt
 when you aint put no weed in and the person to the right of you pass the blunt to the right  deep 
 i dont buy weed cause a mf would be quick to get over on me anyways idontsmoke
 okay. you guys always wanna really know why i moved here. heres the reason wholesale marijuana. its worth it.
 fuck outta here spending all yall money on weed but aint eating
 i only smoke and drink this much cause i want to feel the way i did with your lips on mine.
 i want to smoke 
 @keciaaa you dont even know how to smoke 
 disregard everything celeste is even tweeting. she smokes too much weed and drinks too much fours loko.
 ima go to new orleans with soooo much weed lol.
 yall still smoke entourages lmao
 i was never into guys that smoke or party every week and not care about their future 
 u dont want a dude that smoke but cant buy weed. dirty dishes in the back. better roll up ur sleeves
 @avaac first of all i dont act big  i act how i am  second i aint no druggie i dont even smoke like before third i got a girl
 bro thats ass weed  
 in the army my marriage improved  while smoking i gained weight  and i lost weight on weed. and they tell me to live more intuitively.
 i love weed so fucking much 
 thats one hell of a deadly smokescreen. 
 why does newnan pd try so hard to bust people with a little weed like theres not 3 meth houses that they passed on the way lmao
 i dont smoke but i wish i could get high  man.. so much on my chest
 im not interested in a relationship  i just want someone to drink and smoke with.
 not only that but yall smell like shit when you smoke 
 oh good lord. daily reminderdont go in weeds. stay focused on russian hacking. 
 my weed is loud and you smokin libraries  i got a thing for that fetish  all my diamonds green like lettuce and what you worth to me petty
 dont get smoked foo lmao 
 i been out here paying 20 a g for weed i can easily find in arlington
 really need friends who dont smoke
 i dont even smoke 
 ah dude i dont wanna go cuz i might end up smoking weed just say you dont want to... but i want to
 you dont smoke jamez 
 vice essentials. bong appetit. weed infused salmon. want to try it 
 ive tweeted this before but ppl thinking my reed is weed never gets old
 i dont chase females... i smoke too much my lungs bad
 i wanna live in denver for a couple years so i can buy season tickets to the nuggets games and buy as much weed i want lol
 blowin circles of smoke of the pure dope  everybody got a way that they cope  aec2016 shookoneschallenge mobbdeep 
 when u ask ur weedman what he got and he like 
 i dont know how the weeds work
 sounds annoying or not i dont drink. and i dont smoke either.
 people who smoke weed and act like theyre gods because theyre not doing a drug crack me up like  y r u so dumb 
 why you flexing boy you dont want no smoke
 so happy i aint smoke yesterday  mfs be doing that random drug test  they know whats going on 
 @davidyankovich and i dont even smoke weed. but at this point  ill try whatever.
 me and nina used to spend like 1000 on weed every month i just realized that 
 u dont gotta smoke crack 2 be a crackhead
 stop complaining about money struggles if you smoke then. if you werent wasting your money on fucking cigarettes maybe you wouldnt be there
 boat load smoke dope
 i needa start selling piff so i can smoke when i want lmfao like forreal im tired of yall  really
 idc what you do as long as youre handling your business. smoke crack. snort xanax all day. idc. just be on your shit
 i spend so much money on weedamp food ugh
 smoking up all my weed dont matter cause i got more
 i dont smoke and im not here for it 
 i stay loaded of weed amp lean. i dont do pills.
 people know smokey but not christian
 them ew you smoke cigs that kills you   me but i dont do anything else  them proceeds to blackout every night of the week
 but i can still smoke all the week i want and thats all i care about so im good  
 i wanna attempt to make one of those crazy like dinosaur or airplane blunts that you see but i dont ever have an abundance of weed amp blunts
 we have to stay focused.  no smoke and mirrors. 
 because they dont know them they said let everybody get happy thinking they own weed and in the industry
 i dont smoke cigarettes but i just looked like a badass in this pic justguysbeingdudes 
 i just want more tacos  more beer  more weed  and a girlfriend
 @shakirsoobased naw just weed for me bro thanks tho
 @mcspocky  like tell them to take the filters off the smoke stacks. i can make more money amp increase production.
 think im finna smoke a blunt amp hit wingstop fr.
 thats y there is weed no hangover no regrets 
 @joerogan anytime anybody says anything even remotely negative about marijuana  you get triggered and you do bully the shit out of guests
 yall hoes do not smoke weed bro
 im just going to smoke weed now just dont talk to me.
 real life goal. for a smoke room doe. ion really watch tv 
 i just put this weed infused lotion on my chest amp i think im lowkey high
 looks like joey bats wants to know whats up with the 2nd hand smoker himself. 
 if u smoke cigs like that stop. youll feel so much better.
 why are people pressed to prove how much they love weed. smoke your bowl and just go 
 the only thing i smoke is ham  say no to drugs kids
 a marijuana catapult omg lmaooo the things ppl do 
 fruit snacks and cups of patron  dont really smoke 
 new plug on the smoke got my youngins sellin dope maxo
 who wants to smoke with me girls only  navarrocollege
 the amount of money we spend incarcerating people for weed could give everyone in this country healthcare and free college
 ion want no smoke or beef about nobodyyyyyy.. ion need the picking amp shit either saveit 
 really wanna smoke but i also really want to save my money
 me cause she dont smoke. 
 i dont smoke guy 
 i dont smoke at all so 
 how do u even smoke this shit  
 call this bitch back she tell me she want some weed dawg fuck my life.
 i dont wanna hear it von you literally try to kill me everyone we smoke  
 im finna smoke lol das ittttt 
 im smokin weed listening to shakira fuck it im chillin
 my body feels shitty when i dont have any weed. im dying here mannn  i just wanna get paid
 sext hurry up and get here so we can smoke and have a beer.
 bout to just smoke some dope amp play mafia 3 all night 
 dont smoke in my house
 i literally spend all my money on weed amp coke 
 i literally spend all my money on weed amp coke 
 i smoke weed  do yoga  eat right  and occasionally fuck with tobacco products. that is it. you people literally do not fucking know me.
 what if those anticigarette commercials are actually making people want to smoke tobacco products
 he aint want no smoke doe
 ok so trapping out kentucky the hot drugs for white ppl are heroin and meth and all the black ppl smoke dro  crack  and snort coke right
 first thing tyler stills when we get to the library i dont see any smoke alarms  do you think i can vape in here
 would you rather lick a dogs butthole or kiss a girl who smokes cigs
 the day i stay late i get ask to smoke with
 i started vaping my weed and i dont think ill ever go back to smoking it
 my friends tried to peer pressure me into doing meth. i said hell naw that shit is a gateway drug to smoking weed and popping aspirin. gtfoh
 i dont trust people who drink but dont smoke
 niggas act like they dont noe me you rap beef we smoke your homie 
 i aint even go hold you i dont even have the patience to sit there and smoke for an hour... 
  you always say youre done smoking but i pack another bowl and hand it to you and you still smoke it 
 i spent whole advance on some fucking weed
 kills the smell but not the smoke but it works 
 i dont even smoke like that amp this made me mad lol 
 i dont smoke at all but i just learned so much about bongs. fascinating
 nobody smokes reggie anymore.  lol
 ion even smoke but i love the way she roll that shit
 now i smoke cigarettes and dogear my books because i know how much she hates those things
 @yungtyrabanks i dont smoke but
 aaron  do you want to go to the movies  me  no thank you   i rather smoke  aaron  fuck it lets smoke instead  me   yes 
  marijuana is a gateway drug   a gateway to what happiness  
 niggas out here pulling the blunt just blow smoke for snap chat boy if you dont pass me my shit
 i would wear these just to get high in amp i dont even smoke  
 i roll better than everybody i ever smoked with. even the mfs that taught me to roll
 exciting cannabis talk at city meeting. very positive.  @half halfmoonbay cannabis agriculture 
 girl if you dont smoke that shit 
 why smoke cigs when you can smoke weed
 holy shit i literally just want to smoke
 i never could understand how people look so smoked out but now i know
 smoke that weed. dont let that weed smoke you 
 i smoke out da ounce 
 np  smoke  dope  amp rap  andre nickatina throoooowback
 when someone steals your weed and trys to play it off like they didnt
 who wants to smoke kush and get food on me scoop me the fuck up
 main reason i smoke cigarettes is cause stores have a minimum credit card purchase amount when all i want is a god damn liter of cola.
 i dont smoke or drink but my life stay lit 
 texas weed not worth it im not buying it no more
 im not drunk enough to smoke a cigarette .
 i used to be in the dare program and i vowed to never do drugs  why didnt they ever talk about sadness and how weed is cool and helps
 who wants to get scooped and smoke
 geralds evolution  dont be surprised when im posting pics on ig of me amp bae. yall bet not cause smoke or unfollow me either
 i ask if she smoke she told me no. im smoking up all weed 
 cant play both sides we smoke ya ass like a swishers 
 even though i hate that jord smokes cigs hes always super considerate about it around me and i appreciate that
 i really just been smokin woods like wtf lol never used to smoke dese jawns at all
 i dont smoke or drink so people always ask me well what do you do for fun 
 my biggest pet peeve is when someone tell me  i dont need to smoke  especially when they dont need to be in my business 
 ive been getting my fix fashion wise this week. however if i dont hurry up and find some weed i might go crazy
 you niggas aint got shit going for yall self. smoking weed all day  failing all yall classes and chasing hoes. lame ass niggas.
 roll up and smoke these drugs with me
 rapper weed 
 rip to all the money i spent on pizza and weed
 if i didnt smoke weed i probably wouldnt have hair due to stress.
 these little girls only want your attention  time amp money i just want your mind  some conversation amp a little weed 
 these little girls only want your attention  time amp money i just want your mind  some conversation amp a little weed 
 @1800prix i dont even smoke bro 
 crazy part is i dont smoke weed anymore
 i smoked a ton of weed and im watching viedeodrome in bed. dont tell me i dont know what fun is.
 dont smoke anxiety  smoke too much anxiety  i can never win.
 i wouldnt know because i dont smoke. 
 me thinks i smell weed me do you smell weed everyone nah me never trusts sense of smell again
 and smoke up all the weed but with no job  how does that shit work were they be getting the money for the wee 
 you cant make me do anything i dont want too do except smoke another one
 amp the kush we smoke is so strong  itll make a nigga cuff a lung up baby
 ill do the same thing if i had that much weed 
 a pro boxer asked me for some special k i said what you want some weed he said hell nah i said then you want some cereal nigga 
 thats the easy one. just dont smoke a few hours before and youll be thi  rt @fraintesome yall know how to pass a mouth swab drug test 
 like  im so scared for what the future holds for my kids. i need to hit a bowl amp i dont even smoke. smh.
 im catfish cause my avi is me dabbing and ion even smoke anymore.
 tried it. i find it overrated  but thats cause it isnt for me.  id rather smoke a blunt  and i dont even smoke 
 ordered 2 oz of wiz khalifa og gonna smoke it all tonight idc
 who wants to smoke
 i just want someone to come to cane creek and smoke me up is that too much to ask
 this dude on tv really said he smoked crack cocaine
 cop so no drinking  smoking marijuana  or abusing any prescription drugs  xanax..  em oh hell no i dont pop those xannies that shits dumb
 i swear i dont smoke to be cute... that shit really calm me down amp make me not go on mfs how i be wanting to. 
 @dabigbagboy didnt want smoke 
 only reason why im not sleep is simply because i dont feel like grinding  rolling and going outside to smoke a blunt.
 i dont normally smoke inside but sometimes i just really like laying in bed and lighting one up
 @killermike i dont even listen to rap liked what i heard of urs but id smoke a bowl amp swap thoughts on issues with you any day my man 
 @kasierealtor i dont do drugs i have a probation drug test in 5 days and im trippin  off second hand weed smoke cuz im around it all day
 i dont even smoke 
 i got weed amp a piece but i dont even smoke like that 
 how bad do you want to smoke right now i dont know giant talking cigarette
 love nights where i dont know how many backwoods i just smoked
 i give weed instead of chocolate and then when they become fuxk boys as they always do i have 
 ion even smoke and id cop. 
 i lowkey be disappointed when i smoke with someone and they cant keep up.. i end up not smoking with them again 
 there is very few people who smoke weed that i dont find obnoxious
 shame on people who inject marijuanas  dont they know that shit has killed many people and destroyed many lives
 my clark class got cancelled today because of the smoke and i had a test i didnt even study for 
 smoking cigs. idgaf if u smoke. its just disgusting to me. dont @ me. 
  ya smoke crack dont ya 
 when i ask my friends if they want a free smoke out  
 sos who wants to smoke
 i be wishing i had more homegirls to smoke with lol cause ion really have any
 im the plug   you just the weed man 
 bc then she was like i dont smoke cigs around my kids
 psa to any cops reading this it is all relative i dont smoke actually lol
 if u know u dont smoke dont try to impress ppl
 @whennboys cigarette smoke does that to ppl
 who more reaper weed in the ford wheeler  f mic till you see me you never saw thriller 
 do you smoke crack what drugs are you on no one is fading except you  
 nobody want smoke with the timberwolves 
 i smoke as much weed as i actually breathe.
 you tryin a smoke me 
 you can wear my tshirt if you want  we can smoke like one more blunt
 i regret not bring any weed to work today smh..
 facts lol but weed make me say fuck everything .... no motivation 
 just another way california becomes even more compromised.  disgusted with medicinal marijuana when it is nothing m 
 just dont smoke cigarettes  
 except weed.. thats staying ion give a fuck
 when people say they cant or dont smoke weed i just be  apologize cuz i feel bad for them ..how do you survive again 
 baby just buy matches cause you cant smoke for free 
 i sleep good amp smoke good erryday b 
 yall will spend yall last on weed. thats crazy 
 i never have enough time for a smoke break anymore
 i much rather have marijuana over the pain pills theyve given.
 if any nigga really want smoke w me only they gotta do is pullup on me 
 bout to make a bong out your skull and smoke weed and coke up out the shit dont mess with the bull
 my mom took 250 from me cause she doesnt want be buying weed 
 these niggas rapping niggas  they dont want no smoke 
 we dont smoke 
 dont talk to me  cant hit my weed... nah ain servin g. 
 cleaned my room...i feel productive today..time to ruin that and smoke a blunt and do nothing
 besides my nigga adnan scooped me up lastnight smoked n l went n got dennys but dont remember eatin it i was so lit just kno sunnysideup 
 the things ppl do for a lil bit of weed 
 cause on the real son if a girl think you broke  she just wanna fuck and smoke
 im going to try out for this team.. smoke and toe poke baby.. 
 why would i even save an empty bag of weed to fucking annoy myself
 ion even trip no more  ill jus smoke and forget all about you.
 cant put weed before school anymore   gotta focus on the benjisssssssss 
 so if you smoke while riding a bike  does that mean youre in really good shape   or really bad shape
 mind full of weed i dont fuck with lean 
 and i dont even smoke 
 i smoke so i dont think so much about shit
 i feel like im 14 again losing my money except instead it was my rent money and not my weedcig money. wow.
 if i dont smoke i can not eat shxt smdh 
 all yall ever wanna do is snort weed and vaporize zans 
 mental health effects of marijuana  
 im a weed head bitch i dont do crack 
 i be smokin rapper weed wit my gang 
 ion even smoke but im happy they decriminalized weed in harris county dudes shouldnt do time in jail over something so petty
 who dont smoke a lil weed here amp there 
 yo i said that shit about sky people at that hospital smoke some sue some getting even
 @grindhardrashad i dont smoke  pop pills none of that
 back to smokin reefer imma fuck up my lungs
 not high enough weed man come through
 yes im high and thinking of a more efficient future for me when i want good high  can a weed shawhomans dream
 @alyssaperales you dont smoke
 boy im in colorado smokin california reefer
 them boys dont want no smoke....
 nah but for real  why does anyone still smoke cigarettes
 those the niggas that let em smoke for free tho  they love that shit 
 dont ask why i smoke  i dont know. but i drink to get drunk.
 professor taking about paradise what does everyone want.. come on shout it out.. sex everyone wants sex.. and to smoke stuff. dont lie.
 when retards get on twitter and complain about weed being illegal. like do you know how many people its killed the stats are shocking
 i dont smoke to get high 
 coffee  weed  cigs
 i just been gettin really really faded lately. ya dont smoke like i do rs
 yo mcm smoke blacks but say cigs are gross
 i hit da weed and then proceed to say fuck all of yall
 xxxtentacion songs make you want to smoke weed and drink the bong water
 yes i smoke weed. yes im very fucking productive.
 and we will name weed after different dope ass people we know  like 21 dank
 they dont want no smoke 
 you can get high off cigarettes if you put enough weed in if
 idk if i smoke to much or work to much
 y u flexin boy u dont want no smoke
 i dont understand how people will preach about how dangerous marijuana is but will drink alcohol and smoke tobacco.
 @sethrogen what kind of weed is that
 yall roll too much paper im starting to think yall addicted to the wraps more than the weed 
 dont smoke cigarettes if i sing  youll end up like jordan sparks
 people really dont believe i dont smoke 
 i dont drink or smoke tobacco shit is nast to the fucking tee
 ok... i get u dont like cops bc you like to smoke weed amp sell it too but saying every cop deserves to be killed on duty is a bit much 
 @ashleyesqueda fucking rich people so outta touch they dont even know how much a dime of weed costs smh
 please mr. president cheeto  tell me where i can get some weed for less than a fucking snickers cause thatd be dope
 i dont even smoke  @ la boom 
 only bc weed makes me sleepy after sex and too much alcohol gimme limp dick thats just me tho
 i found that smoking weed made me careless of everyone. i didnt think about anyone but myself because i honestly just did not give a fuck 
 feel free to sell me your weed amp a piece.. thatd be much appreciated
 when emily says guys can i grind up your marijuana i want to hug her little innocent self 
 drug dealers are really smart people. they get welfare  food stamps and housing while smoking weed and making lots of money off the books.
 yall openly ask people to smoke you out with no embarrassment
 she dont smoke 
 if ion got it  my friends smoke me up and vise versa. i didnt know it was that big of a deal lmao
 dont know why girls feel the need to smoke cigs in the school bathroom
 i dont smoke crack mothafucka i sell iiit
 you play ball  sell weed or you cookin dope
 i want to smoke a fat blunt if anyone would want to be kind enough to help me fund it here is my paypal 
 live dope smokes
 might cant even smoke this weekend cause of this drug test im abt to get 
 we roll em fat like that oprah bihhh color purp all we smoke is that purple shit @jeezy 
 all my money goes to shoes and weed
 smokin weed dodgin feds cuz my head hard 
 man i cant even ask for a hit if ion have weed idk how ppl can do this honestly 
 worried about dementia dont smoke  healthy weight  exercise  eat healthy  regular bp  cholesterol  fasting glucose 
 you want smoke we can make it cloudy 
 @stewie @nipgaming they dont want this smoke
 oh my new perfume essential oils and marijuana
 id think alcohol would have more fatalities than tobacco  but i dont question zero from weed. @greenandmighty 
 if you claim you smoke weed but roll a whole half g in a blunt. you dont smoke 
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang 
 i looked at her like i dont smoke tobacco  i only want to do hookah  dont judge me
 be careful who you smoke with these days niggas eat ass  suck dick  allat
 let me listen to futures album  while i smoke  maybe i can vibe better lmao.
 operator cya later operation special ops cops blue is a peace of metal u get guns people dont you smoke us for laws that keep us down bitch
 how you smoke that dope like that..you a foooool
 after monday im going to quit smoking weed for awhile  my shit isnt where i want it to be and this is the first step
 u dont even match my weed tolerance 
 i need a  right about now and i dont even smoke. 
 fuck around smoke a whole zip day two of dis rode trip my bitch keep sendin me stress messages always bringin up old shit @lito615
 i dont smoke but holy fuck this is crazy  
  nigga says tho we may sound similar at times i aint never smoke crack before  bruh shits got me rollin
 imma start finding my own weedman and call on my own and not tell nobody when i got it cause i hate that shit with a passion.
 i dont smoke weed  
 @dwiebegirl oh. that arne planting weeds again sorry. better shake up your administration...  
 the worst thing you can do is take a mans freedom away from him thats why i stay out the way i dont want no smoke wit the law 
 my sister baby daddy gave some weed yesterday but i still dont like his ass
 its a lot of people that dont smoke but i wanna get you high just to see how you act  
 @realtonaldtrump @whitehouse @potus 75 to 80 over population is addicted to hard drugs not referring about tabacco  alcohol or marijuana
 i dont like to do any running around when i get off so i get my bottle and my bag of weed on my lunch break.
 why you on social media acting like you do but dont want smoke
 smokin rapper weed wit da gang
 i hate buying weed in bristol lol
 idc who tf you  dont try to come at me with that alcohol is better for you than weed bullshit i wont buy your lies lol
 i smoke too much  i can never remember anything
 being high amp horny dont mix. thats why ion smoke with people lmfaooo
 @maln i think its more so ppl who arent hip allowing the weed man to work them cuz they dont know better lol
 he say he want smoke i dont think he want it 
 my girl dont smoke but she can twist a mean l. isnt that all that matters
 i dont smoke week
 eat healthy and smoke but with  nuttztoonz glowing melrose money 
 want some more weed 
 yall still paying for weed and not robbing the plug like an adult sad. 
 i dont smoke weed
 ppl dont make me happy weed  money  and i do
 why the fuck do people think its ok to smoke with babies in the car
 want to smoke but have to work then i have my intern
 look how lazy weed makes you you weed head. its 4 letters. you know what else is 4 letters weed 
 where im from my weedmans sell rapper weed 
 who wants to smoke one wimme
 i know a couple fiends that smoke now cause they dont have any veins left
 why is it that you can have whats addictive and makes your hostility alcohol but why cant you have what is marijuana
 does bragging about smoking weed really make people feel cool
 the goal is to be the person who cooks for @drinkchamps @noreaga every episode lol. i just see mad drinks and weed. i know they hungry lol
 i smoked the day before my drug test and still passed.... thank god for detox drinks 
 shameless just makes me want to chain smoke
 i smoke good dope
 i dont care what you like  smoke dont smoke  drink dont drink  girls not girls  i dont care  just have the same respect for me.
 i have a drug test today and last night i had a dream i got hella high because i forgot i dont even smoke 
 all this nigga chris do at work is smoke dope in the bathroom 
 i smoke weed all fucking day n dont amount to shit and i aint never gettin a job bitch
 i smoke marijuanjuan all fucking day n dont amount to shit and i aint never gettin a job bitch
 shawty dont smoke  but i know she will for me  @og3three
 shawty dont smoke  but she say she will for me  @og3three
 lmfaoooo i jus wanted to buy weed.  
  @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 only reason police here dont want weed to be legal  even medicinal  is bc then they cant search your car bc they smelled weed.
 smoking weed on a daily does not defined you as a parent.
 slowing down on the dope smokes. i jus luv it thouu
 me to my sis youre too young to know what marijuana is  my sister its a kind of alcohol
 @gripsav7 when youre high and you eat too much and youre stomach feels tight af so you smoke again to relieve that tightness
 if i dont smoke soon i know the direction my day is going in
 im convinced wiz just signed berner to taylor gang just so they have a weed man on em at all times
 dont stress ovaa me girl  smoke dope
 i hate saying imaa addict but you are what you smoke
 all you losers do is spend all weekend trying to get weed and alcohol. what a waste of time you guys are smh
 then yall act like a recovering heroine addict  im done i swear man lmao i never saw a weed relapse until i got to jackson 
 the reminder video is a dope reminder that theres no girls or weed in jail and to stay out the streets
 as it turns out  theres no way to really know what kind of weed youre buying 
 so damn stressed i need a cig and i dont even smoke
 i love these preworkout smoke seshs 
 i just want some weed
 im smokin weed drivin wit my windows down now
 andd both yall suck ass @prvncessshelby dont smoke dont do it mabel  
 people that smoke cigs please stay away from me.
 i think i just smoke too much tho.... 
 need to start a 4 hour daily podcast for a better reason to smoke and drink all day like @joerogan
 i dont lie because i smoke to much  im gone remember the shits  blakhefffacts
 it dont make sense to me how people smoke everyday but dont know how to roll
 they say i smoke too much   nigga ion smoke enough 
 just want to smoke a blunt with my cousin and make dinner with her already 
 wow i love buying trash weed such a great way to spend my money
 @smoothorator ppl who smoke like 4 or 5 times a day spend way more. i have baby lungs lolol
 its not a problem of smoking too much weed  its not having enough weed to smoke  
 i dont smoke anymore but i damn sure drink
 we can talk about smoking some weed doe   match
 i found cocaine. does anyone wanna buy it off me for weed prices lmfaoo
 money mayweather dont smoke or drink. look where he at 
 dont be silly. if we made marijuana legal  then people would want to smoke it @ hull  
 everytime im irritable or whatever you wanna call it i know its cause ion got weed in my system
 smokin rapper weed wit my gang
 how much rent money you spent on weed and js  niggas 
 fuck it tho i dont even smoke anyways ya boy drug free.
 when you just smoke a fat blunt and and your parents ask you if youre high. ha no. 
 all yall hoes want to do these days is kick it and smoke. yall say you want something real but you really dont.
 lol no one cares that your smoking weed lmao
 sittin in da hot tub smokin weed and watchin tv
 dont stress over me baby girl smoke dope 
 @originalfunko really disappointed in piper. cigarette in hand she doesnt smoke in the game  why smoke as a pop 
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang
 you know im out here in the bay area getting backwoods and that bay weed i aint een 21 yet where that money at tho 
 roll so much damn weed up wit my feet up
 you dont have money to eat but you got weed ... man gtfoh
 i always tell people to be careful to not let the smoke out because its impossible to put it back in. 
 @realdonaldtrump put that in your pipe and smoke it donnie  we know your rank.  everybody knows it. sad.  bigly sa 
 so yall know  ive never smoked in my life. im a good girl  he wants me to be bad i swear. hahaha
 on this beautiful day and i dont have weed wtf lol
 i dont even want weed i just want my bed
 @ayogreatness its more rare to find people that dont smoke then people that do tbh lmao
 i smoke blunts on the regular fuck when it counts tryna make a million off a quarter ounce 
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang
 how is smoking weed even a bad habit  like have you ever smoked dude  shits bomb
 dont ask me to come chill and smoke with you  like no 
 he got me out here feelin like a thot.. smokin weed amp drinkin brown 
 you dont want smoke with my gang  @austinwillis2 @ckilla24 
 i dont pay for weed  i dont get smoked out either  i dont fuck for weed  i dont ask for weed   weed is given to me as a reward for my beauty
 if u smoke cigs with a baby in your stomach youre dumb as hell
 i just realized i spend more money on shoes amp weed than on makeup 
 lmao i give a bum a 5 cause i didnt have any change and he gave me some weed im dead bro
 i hate when i spend my shoe money on weed and liquor
 as a nigga who doesnt smoke i can tell you that this is accurate as hell  
 i want to smoke a blunt and i want to get drunk.
 i wish ppl would be down to just smoke amp make a mf puzzle for once. lol.
 i did manage to write a really great article on why marijuana dispensaries are awesome  though. its all about whats really important.
 1. you short asf  2. you know you a midget right   3. you smoke too much . 
 for something this fucking dumb... they can smoke dick for all i care
 i checked twitter hours ago and yall were discussing how much yall spend on weed. or dont spend. yall still at it lol.
 youre really gonna sit there  smoke a cigarette at a playground with a baby in your arms thats cute
 gelato cookie im that dude smoking rapper weed
 i cant drink  smoke  or pop your memory away...wtf...
 @ayogreatness damn  weed is one thing but alcohol you really are lmao
 i cant hear what you saying right now my weed too loud and i know it
 @keitholbermann maybe you could have chuck schumer on your video and ask him how much weed does he smoke every day
 every time i wear this one jacket everyone complains about me smelling like weed lol
 why i always gotta smoke ppl up... why nobody smoke me up 
  girl you dont even smoke fr 
 im sad cause i dont have weed 
 im sad cause i dont have weed 
 want to smoke
 shoot the weedman  if the dope aint smokin
 88.6 of arrests for marijuana are just possession  when will we understand that weed is some one of the most innovative plants on earth
 hoes be falling for niggas flexing with they reup money   smoking the weed they got fronted.   keep on. gone fuck around and hurt ya self
 by the way  just because im a girl doesnt mean you can try and give me mid and think i wont bring that shitty weed back.
 yall niggas that smoke  need to take better care of you lipsmouth
 all i do is pop 800s smoke drink and cry young. i dont knowant ho else to suppress how im feeling
 this dude gave me the shittest weed once and i was like i didnt ask for this nigga. give me what you give the real niggas.givin me heavy gs
 420 cannabis can cure   with so much going on in the cannabis world that actual research is 
 shit make you not even wanna smoke no mo  
 it would be really cool if somebody smoked me out but dont nobody fuck wit me like dat so i should probably go get some dope
 @threestacks i know  im being facetious but this nigga is trash right now in this game. smoked mad layups amp just od outta shape
 thugs against drugs unless its a plant like weed n alcohol n other plant medicine for the soul those dont count for me. cyber hugs
 how you in yo feelings tho why you on social media acting like you do but dont want no smoke
 brooo  rt @jayzoverrated why fat people smoke cigarettes lmao its already hard to breathe
 @jkelllz you dont smoke
 bouta smoke all nighti dont even feel right
 my lil bitches from high school gonna smoke me out and i didnt even ask them 
 im not smoking weed anymore and i have so much time for activities now
 i really understand why stoners smoke so much
 people who smoke cigs like its a blunt  bye
 if you still smoke out of an apple and put it on your story....dont talk to me 
 this doesnt work. smoke amp screen by repubs. people will lose coverage amp care. 
 need weave weed new stripper heels and a few books 
 my brother always want me to smoke 
 .@nbcnews @abc @cbs @cnn @msnbc sorry he didnt mention you dont worry about the smoke look for fire stay on t 
 @lawyerrogelio then why so much smoke
 let them smoke so they dont fuck you up in the process 
 i wanted to go to the club  but for what ima spend money for when i could just smoke 
 smoking out the zip prob dont need to call the weed man until 420... so much weed it will scare ya
 what do people who dont smoke weed do with all that extra money.... lmk
 only crack i smoke is green crack
 i just want to smoke like 12 blunts
 plug i got some new weed for you to try me 
 im a non smoker still keepin  truth offends fuck your feelings this aint what you want
 id hit you hoes with straight haymakers if yall ever run up on brittany like yall want some smoke 
 not enough weed 
 @isaiahrhodes i know  im being facetious but this nigga is trash right now in this game. smoked mad layups amp just od outta shape
 i dont know if i smoke too much or edibles just dont do it for me anymore 
 if ur 20  still cant drive  dont work  and dont do shit but smoke all day ur a lame
 bordem makes me want to smoke
 dopest dope youll ever smoke 
 how much weed do you smoke all of it.
 @kingsprague harden dont want no smoke 
 dont smoke lil baby 
 yall smoke cigarettes   but dont smoke reggie 
 i really dont smoke or drink. some call that boring 
 i dont drink or smoke 
 shay dont want no smoke 
 i was so excited to make cannabis oil tonight and bake with it but it turns out i dont have enough wd to make it  
 who want smoke  i aint think so
 no. i dont smoke cigs and i never will 
 i fuck her for some free weed bro
 i asked my brother where the cups at lol little fuck response was see this is why you dont smoke 
 who wants to smoke
 @foxla you do realize thats a log and not marijuana...right...
 y am i high i dont even smoke
 soooo if anyone wants to smoke blunts wit me tonight  let me fuckin know
 i hate that now that ive been arrested for possession of marijuana my whole fucking family want to smoke and eat this shit im pissed
 this nigga always texting me saying he got weed then when i ask for it he aint got it 
 all this weed and she dont even smoke 
 smoking by myself cause courtney dont smoke 
 @zohanacheekz part 4 getting ready to go get weed. nigga tells me this..  bro forreal we can get a ounce of loud for 80
 they dont want no smoke they dont want no issue
 i know a lot of people that drink and smoke while they pregnant
 i hate when my mom smokes amp watches tv  she gets suuuuuper deep about shit for no reason. lol
 you dont want smoke with my gangmb
 @truthorange commercials make me want to smoke even more. good job assholes
 well i had quit smokin weed for a few days.. until a nigga had me fucked up tonight.
 dont ask my girlfriend to smoke with you  chances are your weed is boof too
 i dont like smoking as much as i used too but i still smoke 
 i cant smoke as much as i want because i have kids...
 if you do any illegal drug other than weed  stay tf away from me ... fr lol
 no joke i dont smoke so dont hmu to match
 honestly i believe the only people who should be legally allowed to smoke tobacco if under 21 are ppl overcoming worse substance abuse
 the world wants to say they are. they dont even smoke cigarettes. yall shoot yourself in the foot hurting them.
 old food  weed and vomit. if you didnt know @samanthalonso now you do.
 do you know how to spell hors doeuvres nah i dont smoke dabs   ok
 they say weed his harmless but what they dont say is a cop might come and shoot u for it 
 im getting drug tested soon so i dont need to smoke the extra weed
 like im cool on tha club scene. i dont smoke herb. dont be tryin to drink every day and night. dont be wantin to just go downtown
 big cal jit u dont even smoke  
 cigarettes even tho i dont smoke 
 i dont think i would enjoy being in a relationship with someone that doesnt smoke.
 smokehousetavernlowell currentsituation @ smokehouse tavern 
 i find it funny how people can smoke weed and not even kno what it is like gorilla glue isnt a indica bruh
 warrick smoke crack
 i smoked so much today i dont even have the energy to light this last blunt 
 im high off the drugs  and naw i aint off no weed
 date a guy who wants to work hard amp dont waste his paycheck on weed everyday
 good weed good drank big money maannnnn
 and he smoke good so we never  on that sober shit
 money  weed  and bitches
 bill maher is truly a dip shit how anybody watches that fruit cake its too funny what kind of weed does he smoke
 yeah  this is why i dont smoke anymore.
 even my plug leaves my ass on read lol wtf man. sell me weed bro
 all this fucking dope all this fucking smoke lmaooo
 our alarm just went off amp the first thing my parents ask is if my sister cracked her window in her room to smoke dope. lmao yall im dead
 i  think  there  should  be  a  movie  theatre  you  can  smoke  cigs  in
 is it bad that i hate when my boyfriend smokes and wants him to stop 
 when i tell people to smoke they dont reply or lag and they have the nerve to say why i be smoking alone
 pass my backwood i dont smoke no fonto 
 go get me some smokes woah this aint enough make it enough.
 relatable lets smoke a blunt lmao 
 i dont always smoke cigs but when i do i suck the soul out of it
 niggas try to make the best out a bad situation but all i can really do is smoke weed and pretend like shit jus groovy
 coworker you smoke me  umm smoke what cw you know the tweed me sure like all day everyday
 they know that how life is going on   what is good or bad for cosmos  they just want hit this weed  bbc cnn agdamlegalizeweedsendeet
 nobody want dream agdam without weed   people want it legal bbc cnn agdamlegalizeweedsendeet
 stay in my lane  smoke my weed  amp get my money.
 i dont smoke anymore but g shit 
 i luv broccoli  and no i dont mean weed 
 me when people tell me im missing out  when i tell them i dont drink or smoke 
 i dont like girls who smoke .. me 
 lmao she done lost the weed  she tweakin bro
 weed lol i dont smoke it anyway 
 why i dont smoke now  
 you girls love making smoking videos on snapchat and be so focused on being cute that you dont ever inhale th fucking weed 
 she dont even smoke  but when she wit me she get faded 
 im sorry yall i smoke too much and my phone should be confiscated from me
 does anyone have a weed maps promo code hmu
 i dont smoke tobacco u can pass that shit
 i be smoking rapper weed with me gang
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang
 i need to smoke just exhale...
 love smelling like cigs cause people like to smoke indoors
 rolling weed and i dont even smoke
 days off like smoke eat masturbate repeat
 fuck casinos i lost all my money and smell like smoke. gag me
 since when are you allowed to smoke cigs in the venue at the show
 if you chew weed... can you still smoke it  
 @lilnickynick we have kids 8 9 10 years old growing up with a 45 in their hand selling drugs because pops is locked up over weed charges
 i want smoke
 just got handed 270 and debating how much to spend on weed 
 just woke up from a weed coma
 john maya u dont know any guys w weed me uhh idk any str8 dude in their right mind thatll smoke all 3 of us out him ill give him a bj
 who wants to smoke
 me why does cold medicine never work for me  mom bc youre a pot whore so go smoke some n shut up
 guys im high   did u smoke  no g
 idc if you know that i smoke. its michigan  everybody does meth. 
 note to self dont drink  henny and smoke hella weed then chew a half a can n 1 day you will throw up
 you know the weed good when cant even get out the words this some gas
 you know the weed good when you cant even get out the words this some gas
 quote of the year i dont know how to roll  but i know how to smoke. random homeless man on campus.
 im bout to say fuck it amp smoke some weed.. cause i aint slept right in 4 nights.. smh
 fuck a preg scare yo i smoke too much weed to be worrying about this type a shit. reg birth control fucks me up n im poor
 and i know its another one in my other jacket  i dont even smoke miles
 and i know theres another one in my other jacket  i dont even smoke milds
 @nakedtruthxxo  thats autocorrect sucking my dick and nah i dont smoke them
 @rtcom who cares if these clowns werent stuck in 2nd grade  laidoff weed amp could hold down jobs  they wouldnt have time screw em
 i hate getting my blood amp pee tested cause all i do is smoke heavy drugs in my system
 smoke marijuana i think you mean smoke marinara and by smoke i mean eat it
 yes. he just wants to legalize weed. thats it. 
 to all the fakes in my life smoke a blunt repeat your fridays and live pay check to pay check and make nothing out of yourself
 just about to start buying my own weed and smoking my own shit just like kayla ass 
 cause my dumb ass dont know how to use that stupid shit i stay choking or cant get no smoke out  
 idk how people smoke and lose weight. i get the munchies like a mf every time
 i be smoking rapper weed with my ganggg
 think ill have a me day outdoors. smoke  go read at piedmont and a dope ass lunch.
 dont even know why im up   bre up in here playing and shit i wake up to the smell of weed 
 why do we accommodate to cigarette smokers smoke break needs but not to alcoholics and other drug addicts
 @christinegabrie @hashtagjones1 ok please dont make excises to drink smoke bone and think about how stupid posting 
 teddys advice on me quitting smoking  its not about the cigarettes you smoke  but the cigarettes you dont. 
 we want all the smoke behindabrokenheart2
 i need to stop smoking. going to give myself cancer if i dont at least smoke a pack a day
 if you get some money and first thought to spend it on some weed or henny whats really good with you
 ppl who dont smoke r boring 
 pop a few advil amp smoke a bowl  youll be ight 
 @jdubs88 saudis both bushes and pales to trumprussia bc all of that is a smokescreen. real reason is much shorter white power.
 you know youre really sick when not even weed helps
 dont know if you can see the smoke here  but there is a controlled burn on campus. 
 hennessy  plenty weed. do you have anything stronger i dont care give it here wanna make this high last longer.
 backwoods overload  dont like to smoke them swishers hoe
 if you dont like to party  drink or smoke  thats fine. but shaming people who do doesnt make you better than them. just shut up.
 dont talk loud when you talk to me bitch i fuvk around smoke ya 
 no one can say weed is a detrimental drug while drinking is a common practice  alcohol is a drug w far more severe side effects than a plant
 i will smoke my motherfucking black and shut tf up like everyone wants me too well damn sean 
 throw that new future on  smoke something  and start your day.
 @superp8g do you even smoke
 i dont want to smoke anymore  fuck it roll up one more @ edgemere  queens 
 i have so much work to do but ima smoke first
 @cheyrosem growing up around heavy use of alcohol  i laugh at the fact that weed is revered as harmful and gateway building  ya ok drink up
 i smoke too much time stress over anything
 my mom acts like when ive smoked weed its obv crack cocaine and im going to eat her. chill nancy. i want the cheetos.
 mom how much money did you spend on weed 
 mom how much money did u spend on weed                                   me 
 @lesaritaah dont like to smoke them swishers hoe
 sorry  dont trust a compromised presidency. too much smoke amp mirrors. too many dots connect. leadership have sold 
 ion want talk to you  chill with you  smoke with you  link with you... none of that 
 bitch i like to count a lot of gs  bitch i like to smoke a lot of weed
 i only really hit one person for weed n he knows who he is stayloyaltoyourconnect2017 
 the only thing u not gon say about me is i dont know how to smoke or inhale yall tripppppin. knowdat
 dang its a mighty fine day to smoke some crack
 life is so much better with weed amp my bf 
 im all of em after the scary smoker  
 i smoke cs i be stressing hard dab. thats literally my medicine.
 its funny when people used to give me shit for smoking weed in hs  now everyone smokes foh
 dont smoke  dont drink  get enough sleep  and read the bible
 let us smoke so we dont fuck yall up cause yall be doin dumb ass shit 
 workplace drug testing isnt that backwards thinking  how to protect legal cannabis consumers  via @cannabist
 i dont care what kind of cigs you smoke. as long as you smoke cigs 
 yall ever feel like ur grinder steals some of ur weed cause same
 why you flexing boy you dont want no smoke
 i got up for 5 seconds to get some water and this dick weed stole my chair like this isnt a competition dude give me back my chair
 dont need no nigga to smoke no weed
 i hate females that dont know how to smoke lol they just pull and blow everything out lmaoo like mf give me my blunt back you blowing money
 why is there weed crumbs all over me i dont even have weed rn
 my weed man sprinkles keef on his pizza instead of cheese. goals
 baby girl look at my wealth   i smoke  to much dope for my health
 when all he wants to do is smoke you up and eat you outgtgt 
 work  smoke  party  repeat.
 my parents dont smoke and neither do i so why do i smell cigs
 she dont be cookin at all  she just put weed in the bowl.
 thats whats up. hope he dont get smoked. 
 ya niggas dont smoke
 dont even want to do anything wild on my 21st just smoke and drink and bool w my niggas
 if you smoke mary j at least once or more a day then i want your vote. do you find that when youre sober... your
 just want a girl to smoke and watch anime with
 ppl like smoking w me cause it dont take a lot for me to get high  so i dont smoke up all they weed 
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin
 when i get out ima smoke so much fucking ls
 @miragonz this is the hardest own let me know where we can donate so u can snort weed 
 i stay with my own tree amp money. never thirsty for a smoke out
 niggas dont want smoke  
 i can out smoke most of the people i know. facts
 but she dont smoke  
 crack another bottle get the weed rolled up.
 how much money did you spend on weed 
 thursday night in brittany kickback this girl told this guy he didnt want this smoke... and she thought she was cool for saying it
 funny how people used to talk shit bout people smoking weed but now they do it 
 well .... wiz khalifa and marijuana intake  equivalency tho .... but wiz pick me up .... he dope as fuq. period.
 next person that calls weed a drug im jabbing em full force
 weed aint free. dont expect me to smoke with you  just cause u in the room lol
 why mfs look at me side ways when i say i only smoke weed.. lol only newark niggas make you feel weird for not poping pills nshit
 dont tell me what to do with my weed. thats my 1 smoking rule
 and he dont even smoke. just hit it once when he light it.
 im convinced.. girls who smoke weed like fucking more that girls that dont.
 i dont understand why ppl wanna smoke cigarettes its disgusting and they can kill you
 drinking and smoking all day and dont work... i have to change my clothes when i leave bc they wreak... i aint even smoke
 ya dont smoke weed from the man  man
 foe nem got smoke fa the low lowwe dont not fuck wit da popo
 cunts blow my high and i dont even smoke 
 anybody want a plate i had plans for tonight but they got cancelled so yall can bring over liquor and cards and eat. gotta smoke outside
 only because i need to buy some weed amp then i have to buy the dutches then i have to roll it up. amp i dont want to do all that
 the hemp used for fiber isnt the same plant that you smoke and doesnt contain thc. its more like stinging nettle.
 i be smokin rapper weed with my gaaang
 ppl think they cooler cause they smoke backwoods lmao.
 my mom keeps saying shes wants to get into the medical marijuana business and im starting to think shes not kidding.
 @briancar1 i miss tobacco money.... you know they spent all that money  and it never motivated me to smoke once ironically.
 my sugar momma dont wanna give me money and i need weed and drugs for tonight
 ion drink much ion smoke much i got a life to get together 
 dont stress ova me babygirl  smoke dope
 i want to smoke weed so bad fuck
 it doesnt get any better then this @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 lets smoke em out 
 sell more weed than dispensaries  broke niggas dont make sense to me
 so we can have up to 112 gs of marijuana on us in houston but we still cant smoke it 
 @fxckingvalid nah i did hear about the vagina getting dry because of too much weed. but i personally wouldnt know  i dont smoke
 i dont want to work i want to drink a beer and smoke a weed in the sunshine
 every day for the past few days people have brought up sour diesel to me and i dont even smoke weefer
 so people killed cause they hated weed  
 anyone know where to get  one the the smokey bear resist tshirts resist  
 i dont know what to smoke out of anymore.
 dont do it  dont smoke that weed  toss it over to me
 so u dont come 2 california 2 buy weed cause we will give u poison ivy.... if u a tourist no weed 
 no i dont smoke weed im not a 17 year old boy
 how much money did you spend on weed this week  
 you see me with all this pack and i dont even smoke.
 you smoking weed again cause you just dont know what to do anymore . thats sad asf 
 my mom  how many weed cigarettes does 4 ounces make
 i like the smell of weed but i dont really care to smoke it
 what yall think about this weed  
 @ukmazzer   i dont know your morals but an instant reliever is weed  xnax helps too. hang in there 
 @missnatalienunn i gain so much weight from my son i need help losing pounds for my weeding help
 @tatianamariee fuckkk even if i dont smoke at all 
 and no i have never smokes crack lmao
 dont smoke crack kids. smoke green crack 
 i drink to remember  i smoke to forget  some things to be proud of  some things to regret
 i drink to much i prefer weed its better for the stress
 feels so great out same color backwoods stoner weed canabis   dont do drugs just smoke 
 feels so great out same color backwoods stoner weed canabis   dont do drugs just smoke 
 we dont fuck with ur cyber weed over here we blowin flower
 avoid smokers if you dont want to breathe in smoke stop being rude on purpose being passive aggressive wont 
 yall cant tell me @ahmadmonk dont smoke purp
 it seem like people would rather invite people over to drink than invite people over to smoke. ion drink so thats wack ag
 watch out for them people that just like to smoke weed amp dont buy they flip script quick
 i maybe have 3 friends who still wants to hangout with me after i tell them i have no weed or money
 i ji like dont ever wanna smoke again
 he was like dont worry i dont do that stuff anymore... im like k bud  you wanna blow smoke then go have a dart.
 smokin california reefer
 @smokeybearlit @drewsofficiai i dont know man we both smoked the same thing.
 i dont want to drink  smoke  or party and thats pretty much what everyone likes to do now a days so im always in my house
 when your having a bad hair day but still a really good day  tapfordetails @ smokehouse 
 ion smoke crack mf i sell itttt
 lol all the guys know im rolling up before we even get the weed
 bitches be telling yall they smoke 6 blunts and shit and they probably did cause they dont be high and cause they dont inhale
 yall are some true haters lil yachty dont smoke he dont drank but yall still mad let that man live
 that awkward moment when you accidentally tell the drivethru person  you want a side of marijuana instead of marinara...
 who want smoke... ain think so
 ill just smoke by myself it dont matter
 is anyone still jist matching blunts can we not just smoke this fire amp talk some bullshit
 in school  i hear people who dont have strict parents say just tell your mom that youre safe when u smoke 
  i dont pop pills  i dont smoke  i dont drink ok 
 alcohol makes people black out and do the dumbest shit meanwhile weed only makes you binge eat 15 doritos locos tacos but its illegal
 when im smoking pack all the time i really be sad when i dont have weed yo 
 i have a ziploc full of americas best weed @leynakhorn no you dont bitch you dont even smoke 
 i dont smoke
 spanish ppl wtf  rt @kidthefinest123 i dont smoke hookah thats for women and spanish people so dont ask me
 lol my brother is all like a sprinkle of weed when putting some oregano on his menudo 
 i want to smoke 
 and she dont even smoke but she swear i got that dope dick
 i lost the blunt while hiking today if anybody was wondering  and im still upset for them cause i dont even smoke. i just had it. 
 i have no money stop spending it on weed i dont pay for it because im fucking my drug dealer    im losing my shit
 i been smokin rapper weed wit my k 
 they dont want no smoke  they dont want no issue
 klay trying to convince us he dont smoke but cant even open his eyes
 i know a kid exactly like this. always starts off the semester saying hes not goin to smoke but then chiefs all da 
 i literally cant talk to a guy that doesnt smoke dope 
 he dont want no smoke with jayz. 
 i snuck out last night and my mom found out and goes... i dont want you to relapse... ma i smoked fucking weed not crack cocaine
 thomas smoked booker lmao
 if you didnt snapchat your blunt did you even smoke it guilty of this
 dont act all like youve never seen a smoked sausage on top of a piece of lasagna. 
 i just want some ganja
 lmk u know i smoke the real gas my nigga 40 a pop 
 i need to smoke bro
 everyone smokes. youre only a rebel if you dont
 happy bday @laceyyfraser dont smoke any cigs they r bad for u  you will always have a special place in my heart 
 who likes yurts who likes weed i dont know. fuck around with me.
 @altlabor @kbeecee @kevinolearytv you want to talk vancouver weed policy with @breal to beat @justintrudeau
 if you my girl   even if you dont smoke you have to hit the blunt at least once.
 @playakb drinks coors light and smokes newports
 i put  up on my squad  who tf want smoke  
 who got weed bro im tryn fry
 i dont smoke 
 you want smoke with carson mom you got it with me too
 lmaooo he said he dont even know what to say he smokin too much weed lmfaooooo u might be right b
 here to the future people.... put your money in the weed industry youll thank me later 
 metvstartrek perfect smile now i can smoke all the crack i want
 they dont want no smoke baby  
 when u dont smoke weed its stinks so bad 
 i just want smoke one or 10
 my mom said you dont even smoke  why did you buy a vape lol
 we smoked an ounce saturday  its never enough blunts my nigga 
 justin need to give them squares up thats y he single now dont kno bitch want no nigga tht smoke
 juss tryin to smoke weed n eat f00d
 um awkward for black history month. grab your boobs amp dont smoke weed really thats all you have to offer for bl 
 baby we dont have to fuck   we can smoke and let me talk to you
 lol i never can smoke with anybody cuz nobody matches proper shelf dope.
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang 
 is weed a drug
 ppl be like weed dont make killers  sooo like what about the chicken man he just killed cus he was white make sense
 if you dont corner your bowls dont smoke with me
 soooo much smoke in the air... 
 really want to watch planetearth2 but my weed guy doesnt get off until 11. hashtag sadface
 literally drugs scare me  i dont even smoke like  ill have a beer over anything
 mfs smoke because they think its cool  though  
 boy how many blunts did you even smoke.... 
 i just dont want the smell of smoke back in my hair 
 all everyone wants to do anymore is smoke weed and get drunk.
 you know what they say smoke em if you got em
 when they find out i dont smoke lmfao
 i get self centered and upset often  but when i smoke a cigar and drink lots of beer on a quiet night i see the folly of it and feel bad.
 waking up from a weed coma is the wildest shit ever lmao
 nahhh its stupid i dont have to smoke or drink to have fun or make myself feel good  
 i just dont get why he says things like that. if youre gonna blow smoke out your ass like that at least be vague so you have cover.
 who want that smoke on yugioh
 i would fucking love to smoke with my parents are you kidding me 
 you know why americas fat we smoke too much weed @nenaaaclauson
 mfs think im playing im done hitting the weed man
 1. my weed man is mobile but i whip so ion care 2. all i smoke is gas have yo ass stuck 
 i want to smoke and drink wine
 i dont fuck with you no more if you fuck with stank weed
 sorry sir  i didnt think to bring my weed on this trip 
 not all niggas though. some ppl just fw us  aint nun wrong wit letting me amp my homegirl smoke for free
 i really feel bad for people who feel the need to smokedrink away pain or stress
 the kids that hated weed in highschool smoke it now  but theyre buying mids at 30 a gram
 the typa bitch who smokes is my type  
 i know i dont smoke  but this dont look right  
 ur the reason y im thinkin i dont wanna smoke these cigarettes anymore
 when im high as fuck and somebody ask me how many blunts did i smoke before i got there..... 
 are you even drunk if you dont smoke a cig
 all anyone wants to do now a days is smoke pot and drink and brag about it. i mean  its cool do what you want but dont brag about it  lol.
 abel invited me to go smoke lol i dont even
 im gone smoke this dope 
 dumb bih trying to sell me weed on tinder 1 i dont smoke 2 i know enough hoodlems where i wouldnt have to pay for it
 i know people lie thats why none close to me  im just smokin weed trynna find the truth about a lot of things...
 i really should not have to ask people more than once to not smoke around me or in my apartment 
 @derrekrealize how much dope have you smoked
 i dont understand people who work out but smoke cigarettes...thats like going to rehab but doing crack 
 how much money have you spent on weed 
 you dont even smoke  
 dont smoke weed then. 
 i dont even smoke but i get exactly what she means lol 
 i just want to drink and smoke
 but dont listen to me  im just a nigga smokin some  ass weed 
 if u stressed and u refuse to smoke i really feel bad for u bc damn does that shit help 
 and truthfully i dont even smoke like that
 when cousins get together @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 a lot of people think i smoke but i dont
 dont think my coworker has ever smoked that much
 how....am i attracted to...to a smoker.....how am i attracted to youuu 
 all i wanna do is make that money and smoke dope shit
 girls try to make dudes jealous with weed like gtfo
 if her parents dont know she smokes weed shes too young for me
 finna smoke this sweet and murk sum niggas online wit bro on gta call it a mf night
 just got home about to smoke this blunt amp pop this bottle of tequila w my baby 
 but nah. my parents think weed will fucking kill me.
 i dont mind smoking your weed....not at all
 the homies look at me crazy  now that i dont smoke blunts anymore... js and spliffs only...
 strapped up ready for a nigga that want smoke tonight
 want to smoke in this hotel room so bad but i dont want to get kicked out either 
 i dont trip off typos . i smoke too much weed for that .
 i dont smoke but shit if you put a blunt in my face.... say less
 my favorite movie friday i still smoke swishers
 this is some dank ass weed bro
 i mean i like to drink and smoke but i just dont feel comfortable in the party scene
 comparing my drunken texts to my stoned texts really makes me question why alcohol is still considered socially acceptable over weed
 alcohol makes me see life blurry  weed makes me see life more clearly
 she tried saying dont smoke weed kids  @atown99 
 come smoke with me on bday sorry im in mulvane but shit its me doe lol
 and waiter id like some weed for just me n my wanna put those those damn phones down or i shoot em out ty  excuse me like some weed ghost
 shoutout to all the women that dont smoke shiisha amp drugs yall the real mvp 
 fucking kunz threw up on my towel when are people gonna get alcohols fucking evil and nasty just fucking smoke weed damn
 a bar without cigarette smoke is not a bar at all so good luck to you  future
 lmao talking about weed with my brother and sister is making me want to smoke now
 if i dont smoke i fucking hate everyone.
 for everybody who ive influenced to smoke weed im sorry af
 bro who sells some weed
 america smells of weed  it doesnt even make sense
 if i dont have weed sleep is not a thing
 same cause we smoke the same cigarettes but i wear their perfume. 
 i smoke too much
 i remember my plug told me his mom doesnt know he a plug or that he smokes...in the house. he says she doesnt know what weed smells like 
 follow the trail of smoke and youll get @trippdenom everywhere. the single bright lights fast 
 ngl that was some really good weed  damn.
 only a few things make me happy.... food  weights  music  weed and pussy
 im bout 75 into losing my shit and counting. and im lookin at another terrible week after two really bad ones. no weed  no girl  no money.
 who wants to smoke with me
 wea the weed ion even smoke.
 tell your boyfriend next time hes around to buy his own weed and dont smoke my shit down.
 i just wanna smoke amp pop like 3 bars bro
 lmao she was even wearing the i fight my mom and smoke hella cigarettes jacket 
 i will really not smoke just because i dont feel like rolling up
 @scoobytgod ion really smoke like that but im usually down
 @jonesjarrell im more of a weed girl  but i like both amp i dont judge
 will never appreciate having a boyfriend as much as that time i ran out of weed money and he paid 
 even if u smoke cigarettes  meet me at the wall ladies.
 who can bring me a gar ill smoke wit em
 happy hemp type if morning...  youarewhatyoueat focused 
 goodjob smoke  but so to @jamalwalton43 though  coming back up  
 temptation is real when people ask if i still smoke 
 how much money have you spent on weed 
 i dont even smoke and im still pretty broke  
 stay focused and out of the weeds @potus get your agenda done we have your back 
 when i stopped smoking weed nobody wanted to chill w me anymore lol
 @reikkk she aint smoke enough cause theres no such thing 
 and that my friend is why i dont smoke anymore..
 this is why i dont drink  i smoke 
 niggas kill they own kin for clout money pussy weed. fuck wrong with yall bitch asses. give life first. yall insane. 
 u know she real when she out smokes everyone
 @americanair a camera bag full of drugs. pills  heroin  marijuana. he proceeded to shoot heroin into his wrist throughout the flight. 24
 @davicirg nigga i make all the songs without me there wouldnt even be a group yall niggas dont want no smoke
   sorry  females. you can drink and masturbate and smoke all you want. i advise you not to  however.
 if the weed dont get you stuck then thats not weed. 
 crack game dead all they want is weed now
 steph swear she smoke as much as me or even close. yeah right. ya dont smoke like me
 fuck man .. old people are craaaabbbyyyyy like go smoke a blunt then call me back with an attitude adjustment boy bye
 id work x69 if i were aloud to drink or smoke for work. but ya know.
 i dont know how people smoke backwoods. you might as well get a lead from outside.
 if im being 100 honest with myself a zip of loud would only last me about 4 days if i didnt sell it and just smoked it
 i dont know how people smoke backwoods. you might as well get a leaf from outside.
 check out my last retweet.. my old highschool want smoke from errrbody
 you look high but i dont even smoke though........... ok...
 anybody wannnnna smoke
 ...scary  . . . ok ok i know but i legit cannot stop making myself laugh smoke another one 
 flexing all this money but still owe your weed man
 @ogtobi cause we dont smoke swishers thats why.
 only rock designer   smoke exotic
 let em smoke so they dont fuck you up in the process cause yall do some dumb shit  
 money hoes and clothes  blunt smoke comin out the nose is all a nigga knows  flippin on foes puttin tags on toes  watchin the stash grow
 dont you just love losing weed 
 i dont have to smoke to do that  
 mfs sold a whole dog for weed 
 i fw people thats laid back    smoke weed   and be chillin 
 my cute coworker sent me a snap of her rolling and i felt discussed... it look like a box. wasnt packed.. and i dont even smoke anymore
 i fw people that be laid back   smoke weed    and be chillin
 @bitchimssean @souljaboy sleep breezy dont want no smoke
 moral of that is dont ever smoke after you were already drinking lol.
 this bitch is too blowed she dont even smoke lol
 im up now. if yall pussy ass niggas dont want no smoke stfu. if niggas tryna bang we can pull up hands amp sticks
 i just ordered so much weed products im ready to be domesticated by it
 why you flexin boy you dont want no smoke
 she dont even know how to smoke smfh. 
 let me roll this weed amp ask you about your day baby
 buying weed 
 yoooo if u think smoking weed makes someone unattractive know i still look better than u when i hit the blunt
 i swear i smoke cigs so fast when im in a bad mood
 aye who the plug with the girl scout cookies. and im not talking about weed. lol i got that already 
 lmao im out of weed
 @speakerryan smoke em if you got em
 replaces weed with bottles of liquor 
 does it bother you when your friend smokes weed and you dont fw that
 synthetic recreational drugs are the reason you shouldnt buy weed off the streets or internet
 on behalf of me and everyone i know who smokes  how about you all shut the fuck up
 heres some pics from a smoke session with a fellow creative  weed marijuana 420 losangeles creative 
 if you have money for weed  you have money to pay me back for the fake pee i bought you to pass a drug test
 smokin onnat rapper weed 
 bro   calculate how much you spend on weed a month woww....
 when i worked out amp smoked after  i never got sore  but now that i dont smoke i get sore    the power marijuanna is real 
 i dont smoke  
 baby u just buy me food and let me smoke ur weed thats it 
 im just tired of hearing about how you make love to your woman how much money you got and how much weed you smoke get creative mark
 fine since nobody wants to hangout with me i guess ill smoke by myself and do some homework 
 so much weed not enough friends
 @xivsupreme ion see how no illinois school dont got good smokes wen its mfs from the city there
 every smoker is saying the same thing
 i smoke so much and dont be getting high no more
 @heatondeck23 lol ight bro they have some sorry ass weed here man i want some good shit like the bud i would have back in the day
 @heatondeck23 lol thats good bro weed is better n you can roll blunts
 why do people post vids of them smoking weed on their snap story no one gives a fuck
 bro you know i done smoked 2 blunts too and been drinking.  lightweights 
 am i the only person whos mom doesnt smoke weed  
 current situation dry rub complete.  that bad boy is going on the smoker very soon.  love a 
 how much money have you spent on weed 
 @krsxjr i know i buy like an eighth and a gram each week. unless i need more to match. but i always smoke by myself now so 
 is it possible to smoke weed so much for so long that you dont even feel the high anymore whats that level called
 i want to switch careers  i live in colorado and want to work in the cannabis industry. yay or nay if yay  i want to grow where do i start
 bro my head banging amp we still got a whole blunt to smoke 
 bro dont ask me why i smoke a lot. im not no bum ass nigga out here just smoking weee everyday being lazy.
 no...dont smoke 
 all i do is smoke weed im covered up in double g
 @souljaboy he dont want no bmf smoke bro 
 my friends be thinkin im slippin these girls be thinkin im trippin what kinda weed you be smokin what typa drinks you be sippin
 uses financial aid money to buy weed
 people are always so suprised when they find out i dont smoke  lol
 im so happy i dont waste the last of my money on weed anymore 
 dont know where q at but this blunt getting smoked either way 
 i smoke joints like cigs now 
 if i dont smoke a blunt before bed i have the wildest dreams
 im so stressed i wanna smoke a cigarette...i dont even smoke cigarettes.
 he said new year  new me fuck all that other shit im smoking weed 
 i will remember that when you need to pass a weed test 
 i want to make a candle and have the scent be weed and soap and call it manhattan
 if badboys aint yo favorite movie series you smoke swishers and you smoke em from the wrong end...
 i roll his weed then roll over amp fuck him he already stiff damn ian even much touch em let him put us on camera im like fuck it i trust him
 i havent smoked all day  ya know i be wildin when i dont smoke  
 rooftops summer17 @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 all we do in my hood is smoke eat amp spend money
 we used to post up in front of the market on texas ave and play dice for shoes  weed and liq
 bro somebody smoke me out for once 
 stop smoking backwoods if you dont know how to smoke em . 
 a guy just came into my work and was so high he gave me his weed instead of his money 
 niggas was dabbin so much my brother wouldnt smoke weed no more lol
 bro you dont even smoke sour  your opinion means nothing to me
 im going to try and not smoke this week cause when i move i dont know if i will find a plug right away 
 she smoking weed with chopsticks.... 
 dont try to bond with me over weed you dont smoke
 lmao yall not smokers  yall just be tryna be down
 do you even know how to smoke  lmaoo 
 @kekepalmer sorry baby  im not big smoke
 i dont smoke weed to get high  i smoke weed because its truly a medicine. i can sleep  eat and manage my emotions so much easier.
 serving weed amp percs thru a starbucks cup.
 i just want to smoke cigs and cry
 how much weed  
 shut up you dont know shit about cars  stick to shoes amp weed lmao ok dad
 bouta smoke this black and go to sleep ion think nothing else can make me mad today 
 want to choose weed amp your boys over me then let me go
 dont smoke weed if u think 20 a g is ok  
 i wonder if people who smoke cigs know how badly their belongingshouseholds smell...
 i dont want no smoke  
 anybody out there that dont smoke  dont drink and just like to chill 
 if you smoke cigs dont come 9999999999999 feet within me
 i miss my battle buddys  weed  money and real music
 i stopped smoking cuz weed makes u gain hella weight if its done back to back...
 if im dope  then why smoke me. self love
 i smoke by myself so much i be wanting to smoke with other people
 0.00 when you dont smoke  
 i dont smoke weed cause i dont do what other niggas do.
  yes i   hemp for the people 
 i smoke too much to procrastinate on real life shit
 false threats meets free smoke i dont like to talk much but the 45 likes to make noise
 aaron swears like i smoke  smh. 
 i dont even smoke so idc lol 
 wiz said everything better when you high  if you dont smoke then i dont know why.
 you dont want no smoke 
 you tell me hit this amp lets go  blow the smoke right through the window   ahah this is all we know 
 having sobered up a bit i have now decided i am sticking to marijuana it doesnt make me want to puke
 do u even smoke weed bro name 3 strains bro 
 yall got the boys running in my shit cause yall wanna be fucking dumb and smoke
 yall got the boys running in our shit cause yall wanna be fucking dumb and smoke
 ion even smoke but i swear he got that dope dick 
 mama said dont smoke cess  but i said it ease my mind she say the stress is good as coffee 
 i wish drug dealers had special weed days where their weed is like 50 off or some shit
 the bible said no drugs well how do you decide a drug such as advil is okay but other drugs like weed isnt
 you tell me hit this amp lets go  blow the smoke right through the window   cause this is all we know 
 i dont see marble statues  paintbrushes  dancing women  or a train station everyday i see like food  weed an shit 
 i dont know you if you smoke raves.
 idc if youre the hottest guy ever if you smoke cigs youre unattractive
 when i do have weed i dont be knowing who head to buss first  everybody stay smoking with me
 i really dont need shit  juss my mf smoke buddy
 nights like tonight are the reason i smoke weed...like who wants to think bad thoughts when you can think good ones
 how you the plug but telling me you dont got any weed
 wassam brudda i heard them boys dont wan no smoke 
 when you have that mean smoke sesh and you take that first sip of juice its like crack
 @williegramirez yea....not just a weed charge either. some people are just idiots and dont want to change.
 just because you spoke weed dont mean you hard. idk what yall be smoking on  but you will get your shit bust open 
 i thought you said you didnt have drugs  i dont  i have weed  lmfaooo
 am i the only one who wants to know whats up with the nod to smokey and the bandit @ 
 ion smoke no more man
 and i dont really smoke but girl for you i turn a puff it
 about to smoke myself into a coma
 i did lace your weed. all of your weed. yours too. ask me if i care.  look me in my face and ask me if i care about ya dusty ass pussy 
 lmao weed 
 i love weed  people who know me know this but that money bag  so damn enticing  giving it up for a while does not sound bad at all 
 she dont even smoke but everytime she wit me she be faded
 i just want to travel and smoke cones and eat chicken wings with a boo. im not asking for much.
 you dont smoke... 
 you think i just need weed. thats ya issue. you think i needed anything to do this shit. 
 @fuckassnipples i dont trust people that smoke marlborough reds
 i dont buy my man cologne  i buy him loud ass weed
 forgot how much i liked smoking weed
 i want weed
 my mom i just gave you money where does it go me you think weed is free
 blow smoke right in ya face like i dont give a shit 
 @patgarrett8841 @reg1776  in rich areas young people smoke the weed oil.i dont know much about it.
 you smoke to much weed shutttt 
 friend aye u smokin me nah im good ion smoke no more friend u sure i got a blunt me 
 i smoke weed every single day amp if you have a prblm w that i really dont care 
 i smoke dope
 @gqfromjuice thats at least 25 of weed gone to rubles smh
 pussy money weed by lil wayne is a classic dont @ me
 me  stop smoking dick oomf  no i dont smoke it  i eat it 
 my jacket and hands smells like weed fuck 
 my jacket and hands smell like weed fuck 
 you dont want no smoke 
 what is cannabis essential oil  
 u think im copping all this weed not to give it to girls
 what is cannabis essential oil  
 i swear i only smoke cigs when im drunk
 i dont even want head from you if you smoke bitch
 matter fact. ion love the things u do  i love how they make me feel its better than any weed  or any lean or pill 
 i dont smoke  i dont drink  and i dont party. i work  go to school  sleep  eat  and read.
 want to smoke with us waves weed around my nose
 my dad just called me to ask how much it costs for a gram of weed here in iv 
 girls really dont know how to smoke 
 mike mark sorry for new deal mark tell story mark jew want up smoke stake sister dont understand me i want to not be pickle
 i dont smoke with just anybody
 so i dont smoke but of course my friends always try to get me to
 you know youre cool af when you have heroin addicts tryna smoke you out some heroin like thats kind of a big deal
 niggas dont put enough weed in the blunt all they do is smoke tabaco
 high with the guys  dont smoke alone
 i dont understand why people dont just legalize marijuana. never have i ever thought i would hear that come out of my roomies mouth
 1 reason i dont smoke  my lungs weak af
 i dont see how yal smoke weed  that shit doesnt feel good at all to me
 young nigga smoke alotta loud but no i do not smoke no swishers
 ounce of weed 
 i just watched a whole movie about weed with wiz kalifia in it and i dont really know why i did that
 i dont smoke though
 cant believe i used to smoke swishers
 tryin smoke
 any girls trying to smoke sum crack  boy probably felt like uzi  
 i want to smoke 
 bro this is why i smoke by myself  dumbshit
 i smoke too much weed
 i got people say i smoke to much drugs to  cuz i love too  i say fuck you
 one time i ate the weed and my shoes fell off. i didnt care because  candles.
 to bad i dont got no one whos down to come smoke pop a xan and watch movies with me
 i like boys who dont like to smoke weed but mainly i dont like myself
 smoked my facial since he dont smoke anymore i guess 
 when u thought u were getting a compliment but you actually dont ps. i dont smoke 
 nobody smokes those anymore 
 overheard at the station random guy no i dont smoke any weed i live in maui
 hd thots the type to say all you do is smoke kush even tho all they do is suck dick
 @chiefkeef smoke dope 
  ima smoke with wiz khalifa 
 she dont even smoke but she swears i got that dope d.. 
 is @2chainz having a smoke sesh with @wale and @guyfieri right now because if so  thats legendary 
 i hate when people ask me to smoke them out  bro i dont even smoke myself out. i havent bought weed since high school 
 @jenarell also im a health amp fitness guru but i do cocaine  smoke cigs and take adderal to stay skinny 
 i smoke so much weed but honestly i dont smoke enough weed
 up       about to tell niggas to get up and smoke with me
 might stay in the trump tower for one week spray paint all the walls and smoke weed fuck them and fuck yall and fu 
 people need someone like aspen..calls you tells you to get out of bed to come smoke even tho its like 1am lol 
 considering a roommate but who actually makes stable money  likes dogs  doesnt mind weed smoke or doesnt want people over every day 
 i just want more money and weed in my life
 all she wanna do is smoke my broccoli  she just here to hit up my homies tree she dont know this shit aint free  shit whats it it for me
 look shawty im not tryna fuck you sooooo if you dont bring no weed when you hang w me wtf are you doin
 if you smile dont tell a female you dont smoke just to try to look some kinda way  shes not ur type if she dont like that. be you 
 well  california. you stole from us and your cities smell like weed. but overall  youre 
 want anything ....i want that cigarette smoke outta my face 
 @foxandfriends they did the same with smokers. lib lie 1 for children health insurance. lie 2 was smokers health care.
 bro i do not care lmaooooo i die laughing every time  he reminds me of this friend i used to smoke with in high sch 
 crack a 40 open  homie  an guzzle it  cause i know the weed in my system is gettin lonely
 i didnt like my old drug dealer but as long as the weed was hitting i dont give a fuck. 
 does anyone know who left chocolate covered hemp seeds tied to my doorknob
 food  money  weed 
 i swear people will look at me so weirdly when i tell them i dont smoke
 like women dont try to get free smoke
 dont understand bitch they say they want love but fucking for weed on a daily basic 
 man  i know for a fact black lives dont matter to the lady who lives in the apartment below me. she really tryna smoke me out with cigs 
 if anybody would like to smoke bring me a lighter please  
 dont understand bitch they say they want love but fucking for weed on a daily basis
 @justinamash reason 90 of all declared libertarians view  they want to smoke weed.
 im off the lancy  i reek of reefer and show money
 i dont really think its possible for me to be wit somebody that doesnt smoke
 damn but to buy whole plane tickets tho thats so much weed i could buy or like books lmfao 
 i pop 20 pills a day  but i stopped smoking weed so it makes it alright 
 sit back smoke you a l and think about how blessed you are to see another day  thank you @1future 
 reason why yall hoes weed last long is because yall put .3 in every blunt
 is weed a drug 
 i was going to save you some cigs  but you pissed me off so i smoked them all.
 when they ask why i smoke so much... bitch 
 i dont think i could date someone who didnt smoke weed
 dont send me snaps of how much you love weed bc i dont care
 people would spend 30 on weed amp be fucking broke af after
 self care is buying expensive high quality weed
 if i say lets smoke and you ask if i have weed imma just walk away from you    i always have weed and you should too smh.
 @morganlynn444 smoke more crack
 oh god its wonderful  to get out of bed  and drink too much coffee  and smoke too many cigarettes  and love you s 
 ion even talk bout how much weed i burn p
 people make me sad. weed makes me happy.
 lmao my mom never smokes but the one time she does she gets drug tested at work damnnnn  i feel bad
 if youre a guy with super long finger nails i really dont want no smoke with you
 @cato218 if you see smoke signals  you know they found the real gs cookie p
 dont smoke weed if you cant do things that will influence you.
 im glad i smoke so much weed cause if i didnt i wouldnt be as calm as i am when people come for me
 i need a pluggggg im tryna smoke dope 
 you niggas are weed addicts 
 yal relationship goals really be smoking weed and doing drugs  get you somebody whose in school making money witn a future
 @heydesto mfers dont want no smoke 
 niggas dont want to type of smoke unless its vaporized 
 if you smoke dont tell a female you dont smoke just to try to look some kinda way  shes not ur type if she dont like that. be you 
 does someone want to smoke with me today i might cry in the middle of it but its cool you can roast me if you want
 saying no to drugs . weed makes you happy.  
 some little girls tried to sell me girl scout cookies on campus hmm sorry thats weed 
 niggas love smokin dirt weed 
 @margianforte lmao there are more reasons not just that they eat weed
 dont ask me do i smoke bitch.
 how much weed do you think dudes from @trutvjokers smoke
 making threats but dont really want no smoke 
 we dont need another rapper that just smokes weed with white girls
 thats why i luv weed so much 
 i dont smoke but baby roll up
 @epascottpruitt why dont you travel to london right now  put on your walking shoes and hike around breathe that coal smoke
 im in pennsylvania buying food. oranges from mexico. outrages prices for organic. should took them out my damn reefer.
 this why you dont offer to smoke with someone unless you already got weed cause yall logic make folks not wanna smoke with you.
 @oregonian im clean and sober and tobacco free and dont smoke marijuana. i use prayer as a copping skill. never been a drug addict or alch
  my granny dont smoke nomore cause her man died   he was her supplier  
 at the end of the day dont offer folks money to smoke with them b. just get your own. otherwise you will get taxed.
 i dont smok weed i smoke hops bro 
 @sin4vik i didnt say i didnt smoke lmao. dont get defensive
 nobody wants a smoking hotel room  not even smokers 
 never understood how people can smoke while they eat 
 i rather my kid smoke weed as opposed to drinking. alcohol will kill you. weed just make you hungry and im ok with that
 @sambranson when i think who might want to fund a usa marijuana distribution house  positioned next  to a recording studio. i think of you.
 wea im from yu play ball   sell weed  or you cook dope 
 yall know they make weed pizza  lol wtf they really make weed out of everything
 new bboy drama hit the surface. someone was talking smack to my homie curt on fb so he flew to atl and smoked his  
 man just cus i smoke you out dont mean try to freak on me  we just chillin smh whats wrong wit yall 
 you can lose weight amp fat while taking cannabis the entire munchies thing is all mental.
 i juss turned down a smoke sesh... im proud of myself lmao
 im done with lean percs now if only i can quit weed
 yall not even smoking the weed thats the krazy part.
 to late @mschlapp you own milo. its like buying crack. even if you dont smoke it you own it...lol 
 fuck da static bitch you dont want no smoke 
 lets smoke and watch rick and morty
 ion smoke no more
 and i dont like nobody rolling my weed b because people aint cleanly or idk what they do what their mouthes so i rather roll my own shit.
 wont be happy till i can smoke in anywhere i want lol
 people who smoke cigs usually smell like a swamp
 other day i chilled wit a elementary homie to smoke so we just chillin n shit and i kno he thought i would suck his dick nahhhhh brother
 last call for the weed amp alcohol
 ion smokey smoke doe 
 spend dollars on weed everyday  we dont smoke  saltbucks 
 if yall really fuck with me paypal me some weed money for my birthday 
 i want to buy a dare shirt just to smoke weed in it  lol
 ive used bluntvilles when i dont got a lot of weed i usually use entourages or dutches  
 @whattheffacts @oscarthepimp9 this is why you used to smoke so much  right
 im like the only nigga who dont smoke or drink ..
 catch me smokin weed with this girl thats older than me
 can we ball can we chill can we maybe pop some pills you do xans.. how does it feel  ion smoke i chill bill ion pop that kills bill.
 but if i bring scientific evidence and research proving that weed is safer than alcohol  im just being too smart and pathetic
 bitches be looking like they smoke crack 
 this boy in front of me is listening to his music full volume and singing along and the only words i can make out are pussy money weed
 i dont do drugs  i just smoke weed.
 dont just snap ur weed and it looks like bunks  thats just depressing.
 when i got into shit for smoking weed and my gran was telling everyone i was on drugs i told her that shit is drugs 
 tell niggas you dont smoke anymore then peep how the moves drastically changes. thats what i did twist inever re 
 this weed is too pretty to smoke... said nobody ever 
 yall be trying to play me like i dont know good weed cause ima female 
 birthday smoke @ the tavern at fire station 1 
 i dont even smoke  im the best  
 like they already pay me to sell weed all day and eat snacks...so much love
 i intuitively know people dont want me to fart in their face. why dont many smokers grasp similar concept 
 last night showed me the reason why i dont smoke  never again 
 some guy at cvs just asked if i had weed... i said no i dont smoke and he says bro youre white ypu smoke....did he just assume my race
   aint smoke no gas in 2days i feel like shit
 lol i remember my friends used to tell me im outta control for smoking so much now they smoke more than me
 anybody who says that they love the rain must not have parents who make them pick weeds 
 i dont even smoke but i grew up around that smell and i love it
 hey  baby go home  its 3 in the morning wtf you doing up  the baby said  im selling weed  nigga
 people act like i still do drugs  like i dont even smoke weed anymore ive been sober for two months and i couldnt be happier
  youre lying. you would still smoke as much weed  thats the loyl  
 wanna  know what really grinds my gears. people that always want to smoke but never have nothing to smoke no you cant hit this blunt
 dont smoke weed 
 how much weed  
 you dont want smoke with me or my clique 
 im in a relationship with weed. dont ever do me wrong 
 i know they dont lace anything they smoke
 you must really dont care about yourself if you smoke a whole pack of cigarettes everyday.
 id rather smoke weed and feel great the next day. than drink alcohol and feel like puking all day..
 i dont understand how some of yall always claim to be broke  but stay smoking weed. like where the fuck are your priorities
 these white girls on this show im watching are at a weed shop and literally are saying omg what to everything even joint paper
 no longer will i feel crazy for spending ridiculous amounts of money on marijuana.
 i smoke out zips i can choose what kind i want
 people always hitting me up tryna hang out like we need to smoke i dont even smoke my friends
 she dont want a man that smoke but cant buy weed
 u can tell a lot about a person by the kinda cigs they smoke
 once you make a change  dont let the weeds grow back. 
 i smoke rapper weed
 shitty dont have nobody to smoke while im on lunch 
 selling weed in highschool is just like the wire.
 i just want someone to smoke w me  lay w me  laugh w me... you know the simple things.
 i just be needing a get away smoking weed dont do shit no more
 @rllygloria  i dont want no more smoke tho
 i just want someone to smoke w me  lay w me  laugh w me... you know  the simple things
 fuck bongs bro  we smoke big blunts
 mom  i need money i spend it all on weed 
 im drug free  i dont smoke weed 
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang
 id prolly have way more money if i didnt spend it on weed.
 also  after you drove far to pick me up and i gave you no gas money  im going to have you buy the alcohol and smoke all your cigs
 yes   dont smoke cigarettes 
 why is it still legal to smoke cigs why does the gov say its okay to pay for a slow death qtna
 you crazy bitches the reason i smoke so fucking much
 issa cancer stick. ion know why people smoke em 
 @superduperhoopr you gone give a crackhead crack and expect him not to smoke it
 who wants to smoke
 its 2017 and marijuana is still a schedule i drug
 im being honest i smoke weed
 dont judge i dont even smoke milds like that
 dont smoke
 this is the reason i smoke so much but im trying not to 
 like i want a great man not some bum running in the streets skimping niggas on weed
 this pile of cocaine aint gonna   clean the house drink a twelve pack  smoke a pack of cigarettes and wake up suicidal all by its self
 u know its real when i pass up a smoke out for you
 i couldnt even give you a good reason on why i smoke
 @usaregulations cannabis should not be classified as schedule 1 substancecbds dont even cause euphoria as thc sometimes does
 nobody want smoke when im on the sticks with these 3 guys 
 throw the bottle of whiskey under the seat  light a cigarette so he dont smell that weed 
 i cant fw no weed ... i love money too much to risk failing a drug test. no thank you .
 anyone who knows me knows if they start smoking weed around me i will either move away or damn near stick my head out the window 
 if we smoke tonight then you have to put me in a straight jacket so i dont eat. @laurmaye springbreakdiets
 bro can somebody smoke or what the fuck
 advice from an old man smoking a cigarette at the airport the other day dont ever do this  if youre gonna smoke  just smoke pot
 pop a pill   smoke a blunt im just reminiscing
 oh shit  i convinced my mom to smoke a bowl with me. i dont know if i should feel proud  or be dissapointed in myself.
 @whe345 how much crack did you smoke tonight maam 
 @duchesssmoker this thread is trash. like pure trash. who even smokes cigs anymore
 babe said i can smoke   but im really questioning do i want to anymore 
 please dont smoke blunts on your stories kids
 if you want smoke i want static
 i hate myself for being able to drink a entire bottle of henny and smoke a whole pack of cigarettes in under 5 hours
 if you think futures album is trash you smoke mid
 shit it in. i said sure thinking it was weed  he said u wanna hit i said no i dont smoke weed anymore  he says no sweetie this is doooopee
 i just want to smoke a fucking spliff
 lol when people take pictures of my weed they make it look so beautiful  compared to when i take pics
 im sleepy i get off at 11 im smoke one
 i dont even do weed
 @smileyniv exhales cigarette smoke thats why you dont outline kid. you just dive right in
 fine with me. not me so i dont care. wouldnt date a smoker though. 
 nigga i got clout in the hood you dont want know smoke.
 drugs truly scare the fuck out of me  weed is about the only thing i fuck with
 im reading this case for class amp they want me to diagnos this teenage girl cus she smoke weed when her parents stress her out 
 why do you smoke so much because i like getting high what the fuck 
 niggas to sweet they dont want no smoke  
 if you want smoke we can go there 4nem pull up with a mac like its software
 100 retweets and ill smoke crack
 they dont want no smoke 
 a guy will say the weed is. 
 who wants to smoke
 i dont like weed fight me
 when you find out youre not the only person at work who smokes weedgt
 i passed my friend in the weekly competition on 8 ball pool  hehehe eat my smoke
  ya ass phat ma  but you cool peoples. i would say lets smoke but the kid dont smoke no mo
 smoking rapper weed with my gang
 i get irritated when niggas ask me do i smoke like do u know what pac is do u know what need means do u know my name
 about to smoke my pinky toes
 i think i smoked enough today
 girls who smoke cigarettes or pop pills real turn off
 easy bum fuck no where with a few g nah i smoked a quarter in a day a a half
 bro im bouta smoke like 6 actavis weeds lmao im guna get so lit
 the boy said i dont drink  smoke or have sex till marriage .. why are you in my inbox 
 ion even smoke that what sucks lol 
 ion eemn smoke 
 im done smoking nobody ask me to match or smoke cause i will say yes.
 see kids. this why you dont smoke crack. 
 i hate the smell of cigarettes  dont smoke that shit around me 
 u dont want smoke with my gang. 23 thousand my chain.
 im happy i can smoke when i ever i feel pain  imagine paying so much money on pain killers 
 my boy friend got me cigs  weed  a tv  omg hes really the best my mood is 
 too high off life nowadays  i dont even need to smoke
 i dont see how yall can smoke with a lot of people ... like you dont even know where mfs mouths been 
 nigga call drake pussy but every nigga that diss him got smoke back but most of these rappers aint even respond to shxt
 dont give me no bammer weed  we dont smoke that shit in the sfc
 @dopeitssquill ion smoke
 on my dead homie niggas dont want smoke with me
 you can smoke all you want  but i dont want to partake 
 if you dont smoke.. cool but dont try to tell me i wont be successful  or that im lazy  im going places  great places
 you can never smoke to much  
 ion mind coming cross the way to smoke w my niggas. money n weed never a problem..plus weed a social drug why would u wanna smoke by
 i am going to smoke some shit dont call in on me ok
 why is every plug in my phone dry what the fuck do i gotta do to smoke a blunt
 @katkozlik its illegal to smoke cigs in the city im not 21 idk what u think ur trying to get me into
 all im saying is any smoker should expect to pay 15 at the most cause everybody dont sell 10 grams.... get out my mentions whining ...
 all im saying is any smoker should expect to pay 15 at the most cause everybody dont sell 10 grams...get out my mentions about 5 extra
 girl in lounge i feel like all of the people on campus who dont drink or smoke are so superficial  me is so superficial 
 @phlubup well  it is horrible for you anyways. i cant smoke pot anymore so an occasional whole bottle of tequila hits the spot.
 i dont smoke anymore but i need a fckn blunt right now got mad shit in my mind...
 @irisalyy smokey dont play
 dont even smoke nomore  i be sober af bored looking stupid 
 dont even smoke nomore  i be sober af bored looking stupid 
 jesus said dont smoke the sticky
 backwood overload  dont like to smoke no swishers ho
 continue to smoke and remain g as fuck
 dont say nun else to me about weed  smoke yall .8s and leave me alone
 @jaredbrady dont smoke it he dont smoke reggie lol 
 ion smoke
 repost @fatboysse  she always trippin when she dont smoke shit not cool catching attitude 
 anybody with a ps4 amp got 2k17  want any smoke my username is @ chieffhood 
 @amafeo nah lol that friend was shady for even letting her smoke knowing she had a drug test 
 really have been thinking about cutting off weed completely or really really slowing down... its just not the same anymore 
 buddy needa hurry up with the weed man 
 i want to make your smoke and kisses black and white.  
 i know its bad when i smoke and im still upset about it....
 i hate people who think smoking weed is the coolest shit ever
 highhhh  i can smoke as much as i want and itll only intensify the pleasure alcohol is the opposite 
 purple weed strains get u high  shit dont pack enough knock out for me taste dope tho 
 i tweeted that on a smoke break thats how patriotic i am. 
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang 
 i dont even smoke anymore but this nigga yared burnt enough for the both of us i stamp like wtf
 ask these young boys why they smoke  they would probably say  they had to light to really cope... with the struggles of a sadder life.
 i dont smoke weed so no need for the matches
 lmao i cant even count the amount of times random dudes came up to us asking us if we needed weed today
 this bitch just said she dont fuck wit young supa future thats why been lied to her amp told her i lost my weed 
 and they wonder why i pop these tabs smoke this weed and drank this lean  im so stressed out life aint even stress free as it seems
 this weekend was so pure like being with good friends just acting tf up and smoking a shit ton of weed is happiness in a bowl
 chris put me on woods so heavy. he the reason im backwood hordy. i smoke em cuz it makes me feel like hes still here....
 i just want some weed and some pussy ..lol
 i didnt smoke today but also i spent most of the day asleep and sick so not sure thats much of a victory
 i smoke to much
 when youre from level none and skeet mask so you dont know how to smoke right so you rip a pepper 
 when youre from level none and skeet mask so you dont know how to smoke right and rip a pepper 
 see i dont wanna be here if i dont gotta.. my weed habit collide to snortin powder
 imma make you believe again  you know imma leave again  good smoke girl breathe it in  i hope you dont leave with him
 so @delmzzy for putting the weed in her . 
 i bet yall wondering why i got weed near a toilet and im here to tell you to mind ya business
 ima invent the patch to get people from getting hooked on weed just cause shit people dont need sells the best
 pop a pill smoke a l shit im smoking 2
 ion like doing bad things ion smoke or drink ..ion steal ..i keep secrets ..give great advice ..i thin k im like a angel on earth
 smoking so much weed tomorrow 
 you dont even smoke but you feel high
 i dont smoke anymore dont ask me to
 imma thoroughbred nigga im cutthroat.. like a cancer patient you dont want no smoke
 cant talk to someone who smokes cigs 
 damn smoke that hoe is big n stuff.. id beat tho.. but thats not saying much.. smmfh
 watching shameless makes me want to smoke a whole pack of cigs
 they dont want no smoke they dont want no issue
 @irlbaabe i c what your saying but the fact is that most to all party drugs can lead to death while weed doesnt so i dont see the hypocrisy
 dont smoke at all. 
 i want some weed man
 @aracely812 18. weed is not a gateway drug. it all depends on the persons mentality.
 makes me so pissed off that jobs still drug test for marijuana
 honestly and i dont even smoke  
 i want weed but then i dont
 2 thousand gs of weed with no blunts 
 its like tryin to put smoke back in this cigarette. 
 i might not make it i smoke too much 
 i dont do drugs i smoke weed
 wtf bro  im all the way alseep and yall munchkin headass niggas making the smoke alarm go off g. be smart and light up outside 36 pv
 bruh how much was 200 back in the 90s cause craig and smokey almost died over that shit
 people who smoke weed to look cool  how about not its a serious medicine and youre making it into a joke.
 smoke some weed. pop a half
 @pitakissit frogs  razor blades  popping bottles with their pussy  smoke a cig and drink coke. shoot darts at balloons through a straw too 
 i dont smoke anymore lol 
 i rather smoke kush by myself and lie that i dont then to have people always trying to link up with me. always been solo.
 i cant even sleep i got so much to say   recovering drug addict i used to smoke a pound a day
 i dont have no weed and im contemplating is this life really a real thing. smh
 omg  when i say beautiful weed i dont mean the drug. omg i hate myself. its a metaphor yall.
 how can people smoke cigs but think weed is gross
 if it wasnt for weed  i wouldnt spend money 
 get you smoked ion play w kids
 the future is here  see a weed doctor online  sponsored 
 sooooo in the very near future anybody can go to arkansas and get a medical weed card... you dont even need an addy..
 they dont want no smoke  they dont want no issues.
 lady sits down next to me at the gate.... whoa.. how much perfume did you use to try masking the smoke all of it hackcough
 yea smoke your weed  drink your alcohol. what are you celebrating the walk to your demise
 shit i need weed but dont have a way if gettin it 
 i always wanted to do this but my mama dont smoke weed no more 
 i look like the guy that pays 60 for a g of cannabis
 i cant sell weed cus i smoke it too much 
 i want to smoke some 
 i can completely pass a weed ua but my sunshine doesnt go there anymore
 when conflicted  roll up lmao   im kidding yall  problem solving skills are essential. i just like weed.
 i dont even smoke but i found this funny  
 is medical marijuana legal in washington dc or florida i dont know where hes getting his dope
 i smoke cigs and this is me  
 when the homie is already green but still wants to smoke more. @jacobvanfel421 
 @ssvaraven @t2000000000 how do you feel about never even seeing weed or pills of any sort again
 lol people always ask me if i want to smoke. i do not smoke.
 dont get smoked  
 i dont smoke if it aint fuego i just sauce em up like prego
 you want honest or a liar the first time i ever smoked meth i felt like i was floating and all the weight was off my shoulders and mind.
 shut the fuck up  i dont want your conversation  rollin marijuana  thats a cheap vacation.
 if ya dont know him and you smoke pot. its a shame 
 main reason mfs dont smoke backwoods cause they cant roll em
 dont get me wrong i love weed  but ppl who think marijuana cures cancer are on the same level as flat earthers and anti vaxxers stupid
 i used to never buy weed now thats all i do like wtf
 who knows stuff about hair i have some questions and the lady at sallys couldnt help. ill straight up smoke u out for some honest advice
 you could be a dime but if you smoke cigs youre an 8 to me
 i dont need to smoke anything this shit looks fun enough 
 i dont even get hungry when i smoke anymore 
 repitition is  never  im going to rob all these guys and make my own medicine smoke weed eat weed m 
 please stop smoking. what possible reason is there to smoke a cigarette it isnt cool  it doesnt ease your nerves that much... just stop.
 i wish weed  drugs  and alcohol didnt exist.
 rt and weed dont even be allat tf 
 anyways who wants to sell me weed and bring it to me 
 tell jordan rodgers he needs to quit smoking weed  
 i dont know why  but someone smoking weed is such a turn off to me  well really smoking in general is.
 guys did you know that smoking marijuana makes you a bad person i just learned that 
 cardio making a fool of herself that girl dont want no smoke 
 yall niggas gotta stop looking for all the weed thats for the dummy low thats bad bud to be swerving period
 smoked so much weed i better off alone in my own zone 
 ion even smoke before class anymore  i had to stop that shit lmao
 but now my baby smokes more than i do how do i get it to start buying my packs 
 i dont smoke anymore 
 if you my nigga.... whatever you need i got you weather is money  weed or putting in work mann i got you
 if you my nigga ... man i got you  weather is money  weed or putting in work  fuck it man im ridin.
 i be smokin rapper weed with my gang
 i just like to smoke weed and take care of my daughter really really 
 i cant stand when people smoke weed in the dorms because it stinks. i dont want to smell it.
 how do people go out with no weed or alcohol like how do yal enjoy yourself 
 say i smoke too much dats the type of shit i laugh bout 
 dont pass me no weed if it doesnt make my eyes water..
 all yall do the same thing...gangbang  smoke and fuck on anything
 lmfaoo im telling you its cause im tryna cut back on smoking ya know im not myself wo weed  
 im gone smoke and study like i planned and ima just make sure this baby dont die til she get back lmao on my mama
 dont smoke them 
 good weed amp cold drinks thats the recipe 
 i hate when someone brings some trash ass weed to the session like  dont even hit my blunt cause im not hitting yours 
 yall dont get this though lol. youd rather just lay up amp smokedrink witcha baby bread 
 lets listen to that trippy music and smoke blunts
 came to the doctors and ask me do you drink alcohol im like naw and do you smoke im like naw lol  
 i dont even have time to smoke like i used to which is why things are 100x more frustrating. im trying im trying really hard lol
 ash you look high im not high viva i dont even know how to do weed  ...do weed
 when people get on my case i smoke some more. that statement both gives me inspiration and makes me angry.
 i wanna wish my boy @aaron23 a happy gday smoke sum dawg hope you have a good ass day bruh much luv miss you my nigga 
 @crazyajq @tacoravingtaco @sevlamusic i dont even smoke weed lol
 who the fucc you know smoked 2 ounces in one day me now you know
 between 2 jobs  going to school  and smokin ganja. i really have no free time.. 
 dating not even where its at anymore. girls just want free food and weed and niggas just want pussy they might not get.
 i dont care who you are  if you smoke or drink when youre pregnant  youre a piece of crap
 used to smoke og but now i smoke cookies you dont know how this shit feels
 @vanitydoll lmaoooo i dont want no smoke
 im supposed to give it up over some fast food and a smoke up  who raised yall 
 all i want is to get paid from the music i make and then buy a boat and then a house and and drink beer and smoke cigarettes all day 
 all i ever wanted to do is make money from music so i can buy the boat i always wanted the perfect house and drink beer and smoke all day 
 just smoked crack
 its weird meeting people younger than me who begin chewing after but who dont smoke cigs. like  why 
 what makes you happy money  weed and my bad ass kids
 you ever been hungry and you smoke then youre not hungry anymore its weird its like reverse munchies
 its so shitty many jobs drug test for marijuana like the world is changing and some people like a nice blunt after work..whys that a crime
 ion know why people be think im lying when i say i quit smoking weed ill have plenty time for that the year it becomes legal gotta focus
 he goes never try weed with spaghetti... dont ask 
 my dude pays me in weed and cigs to play guitar for him.
 my stomach hurts when i cough think i smoke too much
 my favorite jacket smells like smoke im still wearing it to work cause it keeps me warm
 fuck your perfume i want you smelling like my reefer
 @1future music be having me want to smoke up all my gas 
 ah yes  dude smoking weed in the car next to me  putting your weed away amp going on your phone when i walk by def covers up the weed smell
 i have a sinus and ear infection but i really want to smoke a bowl  idk if i should though because of pressure. what yall think
 i have a sinus and ear infection but i really want to smoke  idk if i should though because of pressure. what yall think
 i dont smoke but she love to smoke and look good as fuck when she light it
 the results are in. dropping this shit when my soundcloud hit 50k plays fuck what yall talm bout damn weed heads 
 idk who raised him. he had to be here before cus hes really an idiot. think he eats too much weed.
 i do not smoke  i dont know why my lips are black.
 who wants to smoke 
 smokin backwoods with a hint of weed  
 i smoked so much cause i dress so much
 i always got weed money
 because i think you are worth so much more than a smoke and 50 cents
 yall got the money to get some weed but dont have the money to get charged 2 at the atm to get cash for the weed 
 i just want to smoke  watch netflix and maybe take a nap. is that too much to ask
 i dont smoke anymore really... be too busy tryna get it 
 why you on social media acting like you do but dont want smoke 
 my coworker just gave me a weed chocolate  preemptively for my bday. i aint eat an edible in like 5 years this should be fun.
 like if u my bf or we been fucking weachother yea u can pullup late or yea we can just smoke and chill but if ion even kno you yet
 of course when im in the shittiest mood and all i want is to smoke a blunt  no one even answers my texts 
 ion needa ya weed i got my own drugs and i dont need ya love if its fake love
 yall really think chris brown is on some drugs other than weed
 and he know ill smoke the whole world bout em 
 watching greatness in man city right now. holy smokes
 i just want to drink  smoke  fuck
 my bro coby taught me if that bihh speak and friendly shell fukk  i taught the team these hoes that smoke will fukk for a gram lol 
 then dont smoke them 
 the weed loud so ion hear u say nun 
 dont smoke  never done drugs and dont really drink...yet im still losing years off my life. manchester city needs a health warning.
 niggas would chip in their last for some weed then ask you for a piece of your sandwich
 dont ask me for a smoke break unless you smoking me out
 the weed make me think better put me in a vibe
 buying my side nigga a pound of weed with my taxes cause he dont argue 
 he dont smoke 
 ive had ppl call me square bc i rarely drink and dont smoke or participate in other narcotics
 i dont smoke weed i drink lean
 i know there are people in this world that dont like marijuana amp im pretty good at respecting differences but i just rlly dont get that
 mentality to comparison of most of the mexicans. no to  no smoke  never and drugs drugs  i like dicipline. i am a jeweler and a clocker  and
 @mprude12 i wouldve took his shit...he dont want no smoke with big magawski with draco at all
 i honestly feel as if marijuana shouldnt be used to discredit anyone anymore
 i dont drink lean i smoke weed 
 i like rap that talk about real life situations and relatable shit  not just pussy money and weed
 so sleepy today holy smokes
 i can name 100 things better to spend 6 000 on other then weed. i need this mans contact information
 thats rude  just leave me out he dont even smoke smh 
 just want a dude to smoke with all day
 gas pack we dont smoke on no sativa bih
 u smoke crack to my shit im intrigued 
 i feel like chance the rapper is for people that like wanna do drugs and smoke weed but...dont
 im od sad ima smoke some more weed no i dont have a problem i promise
 i smoke two ounces every day i gotta real bad habit
 yall really be letting hoes say i dont pay for weed well then bitch you clearly dont smoke 
 dont u just hate those days when u cant find someone to sell you weed to save ur damn life
 niggas will spend money on lean an weed an not a real meal smh
 i dont smoke it just dont fit me
 my pops is big worm amp i am smokey in the cinematic classic friday   dont worry about what the fuck i be doin thats alright
 when ya friends wanna smoke but you already spent too much money on weed 
 these hoes dont want no smoke. 
 @mcdermf17 @nini402 @tomcolicchio which is ironic for someone with a nickname of einstein who also is holding a ton of weed in his pic.
 you say you want some smoke nigga puff it up 
 i count all the dope i smoked all the dope haha
 mfs always ask me why i smoke lol. like bro you are the reason for me smoking and im never gonna stop. fuck whoever dont like it
 i count all the dough i smoke all the dope
 lord. gina ass really dont want no smoke with kierra. ever. lol just let me fix it girl lol
 does anybody want to smoke im very bored and need a friend
 bruh this nigga on xbox live is saying that smoking weed makes you fat 
 its so goddamn nice out i just wanna sit and play guitar and smoke cigs all day long and i dont even smoke or know how to play guitar or sit
  i dont even smoke  no more
 @lilybean say no to weed
 people tell me at work that they love my smokey eye....but i tell them its jus  black eye shadow with a mix of dark purple 
 so i guess niggas dont smoke. lmao nobody be around in the klan this is why i stay in hartford lol
 you can smoke dat kill  you can push that dope
 @chrisdanielshow the elephant in the room regarding california amp marijuana  most employers will drug test and if marijuana shows up no hire
 tonight i will smoke my self silly and buy my friends food
 dont be scared. driverless cars   not new  and theres no marijuana in these potholes. so lets fix em. thanks. 
 i love smoking alone but sometimes i want company amp i never have anyone to smoke with
 when the weed man dont answer. 
 save money   smoke good   aarons life 
 @joepagan64 so thats how it is. ok i see you. talking like you never sold boof before  you dont know shit about my weed. you havnt tried it
 i ran out of cigs earlier and have no money. no one im working with tonight smokes either fuck fuck fuck
 no i dont want your shitty weed lmao stop sending me snaps
 @hayden2017 kanye dont want no smoke  
 my neighbors smoke so much that ill never know if they actually choke to death. im always like they aight  next thing ya know they not
 bitch ion smoke but i can start 
 when i dont smoke my attitude be all types of crazy 
 were on a baby hunt and dont think we dont know how to weed em out
 my aunt is a grown ass woman  but shell still hide from my grandma when she wants to take a smoke break.
 @montwood86 i didnt say i wanted to fuck i said i wanted to smoke with you and your girl like srsly how is that being a hoe
 act like you dont know what i need  bitch hennessy and this weed
 really started making me pay for weed . i respect the hustle tho so i dont mind  
 @thelonestoner nigga how you got all this fire weed and all kinds of money but you cant even pay back a homie or even answer his calls.
 people look at me crazy when i tell them i dont smoke 
 fuck that dude got smoked it wouldnt suprise me if it killed him 
 john dont want no smoke
 i dont even smoke and my mama always tells me this before i go to the club ... 
 i dont know why  but for some reason whenever i smell cigarette smoke  all i can think about is going back to paris
 bout to just smoke 6 blunts to myself dont hml nobody period
 dummy said coke dope weed amp ya taxes 
 who tryin smoke
 i dont smoke with random people ...
 when some random douche tries to bum a cigarette off of me  i dont even smoke 
 holy shit i havent smoked 1 262 cigs in 63 days thats so gross i used to smoke so much 
 think i smoked too much
 yeah i feel ya niggas think they smokin just cuz you brought some weed around 
 i just want to smoke a blunt to my mf face 
 saying man on the hall after 6pm is very crucial ladies  i dont want no smoke
 i woke up out the ill weed coma  god smoking this rapper weed does wonders for my mental health
 lmfaooooooo thats like me saying i dont smoke nomo 
 nah i dont smoke blunts 
 thats a damn spirit bomb of weed. ppl out here with rasengan wtf 
 why does no one sell weed anymore
 @jordan3mvp i dont want no smoke  now nephew. im a fan .
 cool lil shordy who like to smoke the gas
 lately ive been smoking too much weed   thinking about this girl who doesnt care about me
 bought a new bag for my weed but ion have no weed  bro lmao 
 great way to weed out peeps. smart 
 1. i dont have my weed 2. i ran out of backwoods  3. im ugly af   the day is getting worse amp worse
 how you broke but always got money for weed
 my nigga hit my line like wya you tryna smoke thats how you know he a real one 
 i want some fuckin smoke
 what i tell my exhausted self after my day job amp before i start working from home on my own cannabis projects 
 my whole gang ah smoke you so its grim reapers for the low
 i just want unlimited weed  money and good loving.
 just cause your boyfriend smokes weed and steals iphone headphones and chargers doesnt mean he a good nigga  petty theft ass nigga
 dont smell as much weed at shows as i used to
 amp i always try to find the owner from money to weed
 just cause your boyfriend smokes weed and steals iphones left around school doesnt mean he a hood nigga  petty theft ass niggas
 i am sick as fuck so if anyone wants to come pet my hair while i feel bad for myself and eventually smoke myself to 
 nobody cares that u smoke weed who tf
 i wonder if you ppl posting the weed yall got for sell or the guns yall got is you incriminating yourself 
 i dont smoke but we can eat food  someone  
 colorful weed is not good for u stop posting that shit
 cool calm and collect. dont talk too much   smokes. bomb dick   darkskin ehh the list goes on 
 also i dont swallow smoke so that means i am some sort of wizard or something
 if you think cannabis is drugs   youre a fucking moron.
 @walkingdeadamc jus watched latest episode. trailer used to deliver coors beer smokeyampbandit abandon on side of road.
 i totally judge the shit out of people who smoke weed  like man you probably spend a lot of time not doing shit
 thats to much sauce...... this to much smoke
 just sit back smoke and plot bout my future 
 just tryna be w someone who is funny  likes to smoke weed  loves food amp will fuck me like a whore dis too much to ask for
 i just want to chill  drink  smoke  fuck 
 girls  weed  money  shoes 
 i want you newly religious social media crazies to know that if you drink or smoke or party youre not a bad person
 what girls preferably 18 and up not fake  goal orientated  like to smoke and do other cool shit wanna be in a group message
 you smoke too much 
 i need to cuff a girl that smokes.
 i dont judge those who smoke cigs but it breaks my heart seeing someone i care bout start such a bad habit 
 people be like you dont even look like you smoke 
 really dont give a fuck about smoking anymore. last time i smoked i threw out half of a blunt. im really cool on the shit
 no cause i smoke weed.... but cigs are gross 
 boutta smoke my mind out the gutter cause fuck this shit is annoying me lmao
 all ya niggas that smoke toe be fronting cuz when im roll up the backwoods yal be loving it lol
 im bout to rip tf out this grav tho. and i dont even smoke 
 you could get blackout drunk puke all over yourself and not remember a thing but if you smoke a joint thats not okay ..... understood
 i really love weed. like people dont understand.
 and you smoke too much
 i think im drinking so much cause i dont smoke anymore amp sex isnt a thing ... those were my stress relievers 
 i dont know how ill feel about my children smoking weed  what if they cant handle t.
 ion knock nobody that smoke lol.. that just aint me but pass me a cup of alcohol amp im all for it
 if my friends want to fuck around pop pill smoke drink or whatever ..that doesnt make them or me a bad person
 when she ask if i smoke weed amp i say nah. amp she go good i dont like niggas who smoke whole time i smoke crackgtgtgtgt
 and people still posting their damn weed like we dont know what it looks like
 smoking this weed fuck police
 night  yall. dont smoke in bed.
 this cover for futures album looks like an ad to tell you what will happen if you smoke cigarettes 
 i dont even smoke. 
 i dont care what you think about me because the truth of the matter is i smoke better than you niggas anyway facts
 never cry over niggas   cry that you dont have anymore alc or weed left
 whoever said weed is a gateway drug needs to get a brick thrown at their head
 can i smoke in ur car weed or cigs cigs no
 i dont even smoke but i think i need it i need to feel balm
 i still laugh about when vince was trying to smoke a cigarette at escape amp i didnt let him 
 i dont need to smoke. i feel the high right now.
 i spend too much money on weed and food
 @adrissthepisces @immortalaaron you smoked  russell is dope. dude barely 20. lillard curry werent even in the league at that age. hes dope
 the weed plugs are slack city tn
 lets smoke and talk about how much we dont give a fuck.
 she know i smoke good weed 
 i never smoke anymore and let me tell you i am fucking high
 after a long day of work i just really want potatoes amp weed
 i dont smoke weed but boy when i get off bro im back like a chimney
 this is exactly what smoking weed is like so fucking relatable this guy gets it 
 more money and weed in my life 
 let her smoke weed drink champagne do drugs with me
 @fuckasocial i dont smoke 
 you play ball sell weed or you cooking dope  which one if it aint about big money then u aint the one u lookin for
 whole bottle of red whine to the feezy. smoked some herb now im gettin kinda sleepy.
 have no time to party   smoke   drink extra shit . i have one goal and im coming for it  
 i cant remember the last time i got drunk amp didnt smoke. i dont smell like ass and i can breathe normally. i like this. dont give me a cig
 what are you talking about  i dont smoke
 smokin on dat rapper weed
 ion smoke  
 soon as i say i dont smoke  the texts get bout dry asl
 i been smoking rapper weed with my gang 
 when people say you dont need weed to have fun or just in general 
 @ajjones3 man man dont want no smoke with him  
 pero like.. if i hit you up to buy weed now why would i want to wait til morning to pickup 
 ion even care anymore ready jus smoke 
 i want to smoke just to feel relief
 montana always rock bandanas like a ninja turtle when i send shells no donatello you get smoked like purple
 montana always rock bandanas like a ninja turtle when i send shells no donatello you get smoked like purple 
 i want to smoke so badddddddddd
 @whorablejonah i could say i dont smoke because i dont  not even every once in a while. just say you smoke occasionally for fun wth 
 how long does marijuana stay in your system how thc blood tests work  and what you should know  via @mic
 difference is that alcohol generates money for our government. while weed and psychedelics do not. even tho they can be beneficial for us.
 i dont think theres ever been a day findley didnt smell like weed
 i dont even smoke pot for fucks sake closest drug i do is nicotine.. gtfo
 bruh im telling you anybody could smoke me out it really dont take much
 i will not be able to date a guy if he cant smoke as much as me or even more than i can
 they dont want no smoke they dont want no issue 
 bro just sent me that new smoke nigga cant fw em  got money on em @tae2187
 glad i dont have a partner in my life so they dont smoke up all my stuff 
 whoever thinks weed is bad bc its a drug should keep in mind coffee  caffeine  beer.. etc are also daily drugs 
 last call for the weed and alcohol
 that nigga was loud n bad wtf is that mf stole me to make ah track with his girlfriend act like lost the weed
 i spend way too much money on weed  milds  rellos its getting ridiculous.
 you can tell which girls smoke solely for the aesthetic and which ones actually want to be high
 when you want to smoke but dont feel like rolling up
 i want to smoke 
 but i dont smoke bro  
 missing the ganja like a crack addicted 
 bout to smoke this j amp watch rick amp morty 
 my coworkers so pissed i dont smoke with them niggas no more  this aint no picnic
 habesha parents do the most tho they act like niggas smoking crack  knowing they probably used to smoke
 i just want to smoke amp drink until the suns out
 how long does marijuana stay in your system how thc blood tests work  and what you should know  
 if you wanna smoke just smoke dont start pulling out this shit that doesnt make sense 
 ion smoke purp
 bitches amp niggas be talking about beef but dont want smoke 
 that stupid do you smoke question will forever fuck me up. how has no one figured out that we dont know what you mean
 i spend way to much money on weed i need to stop smoking man
 city will ask smokers to put out cigarettes in dallas parks 
 you know what i just thought of weed legal i dont even think i gotta sneak it into shoreline for the concert no mo 
 @radiomattrick smoke on da water this mornin 
 people constantly ask me where my money goes well ill tell ya pl merch   shows  food amp weed  but i aint mad shit brings me joy
  yes thats why i smoke it stresses me 
 i found an 8th before and smoked allat shit  
 i dont even smoke anymore but these past few weeks have me craving a fat ass blunt 
 understand you have goals and smoking isnt the best. but theres successful people who smoke... 
 i sincerly do think drug tests are worthless  who dont smoke
 dont ever try to play me about me being broke when you make money of the streets by selling weed amp i have a real job 
 dont smoke weed to get out of your feelings and depression. smoke weed to have a good time and laugh with friends dude
  the health benefits of hemp seeds in both chinese and western nutrition  food is medicine 
 if u dont smoke real dope as in opium ur a fucking poser dont @ me
 why you on social media acting like you do but dont want smoke
 i just want all the money in the world so i can buy all the food in the world amp cop all the weed in the universe
 mfs dont be wanting smoke in 2k 
 gia already got her shit rocked once lol she dont want no more smoke  
 i dont wanna be here if i dont gotta  my weed habit so close to snortin powder
 i cant smoke anymore because of my new job 
 when people act like they smoke weed to try to fit in but really dont even know what a g is lolol
 dont act like you smoke weed just to fit in  you look dumb
 i didnt even have enough time to smoke before class
 i really dont know how to save money. it goes to weed honestly.
 @keefazo i dont smoke
 and if anybody want smoke wtfispoppin
 only thing i need is someone that smokes as much as i do
 prof my soccer team lost last night  me do yall play college students prof yes and we smoke yall girl in class no you dont you lost 
 @briannasweeney remember your rendition to neighbors know my name i bet the neighbors know we smoke lmfao
 half of ya dont even walk out to go protest but to go home and smoke some weed 
 crazy when i go with ppl and they go buy weed and the amount they get for 1020 is ridiculous... ill stay with just coppin zips
 i love weed so much it does so much for me.
 bout to smoke this dope 
 who you callin soft. dont make me smoke up all your kush. dont make me pop your cheap ass pills. i used to do this for the thrill
 everythings better when youre high if you dont smoke i dont know why
 i had a dream last night i was smokin weed then my homie said theres some type of chemical in it and things got crazier from there
 i spend so much money on weed when i could be investing in my brand. time to smarten up  open the market up
 i just want to listen @rihanna woo and smoke my weed...i dont want to do anything i just want to be high so this pain can go away
 of weed is illegal. i just dont understand why society continues to avoid this subject. anyways my conspiracy theory.
 i smoke weed for the same reason you bitches hate cause it feel good
 lmfao so mad you have to make shit up  stole from my job once cause your ass was so desperate to smoke 
 omg i had to speak up because she was showing ecigs not weed vaporizers and saying ppl do drugs with them 
 just want to count bands amp smoke dope
 i just want my weed this bitch smh 
 son i dont need to smoke anymore
 i hate that my man dont smoke lol
 sorry ma i dont smoke crack  
 @jboydvisuals smoke fat blunts today bro happy g day
 yall will do anything to pass a drug test except not smoke 
 environmentalists i dont think so. toxic smoke. 
 i cant stress this enough... if you dont know how to smoke. do not smoke  im tired of watching you bitches waste weed trynna be cute 
 i smoke too much weed lmao
 if you ask yo weed man wat it smoke likewhat you got and he say its some heat run dont buy that shit
 the coolest dude in the world  he eats ice cream with a fork  he smokes weed with little kids  he plays sports alone  he drinks only milk
 i dont like weed  ill fuck with some lean though  me 
 sex  weed  money  or food was involved in assuming  lol 
 the dream would be travel around the world with all my favorite rappers and smoke mass and make hits
 ill never trust a girl who smoke swishers and drink four lokos
 i will sell my uterus and all my ovarian eggs for weed money right now i dont need them i dont want no kids
 damn wiz in hp should linked n smoked trees
 if they dont know your roots  you gotta weed em out
 i dont know why i used to be so against marijuana. smoke that herb  let yourself be free my man
 im sorry. wouldnt that actually still be possible  there will be gates  right  amp you dont have to used weed  r 
 i haaaate cigarette smoke.
 considering i used to be a liar  smoke  go out every night and not care about anything  i for one know how much people can truly change
 all i want for my birthday is a pack of oreos and some weed fuck it ill settle for just a lighter and a hug idc
 @1shot46 boi i hear ya  i dont think you want smoke with me over damn football lmao. ill be damn if any nigga smack me do you know me
 yo the pack out here is unbelievable i cant even smoke as much as i do when  im back home i turn down soo many j 
 u dont smoke loud be quiet 
 i dont drink or do drugs and last time i checked marijuana is a medication in my eyes lol my  health is before my wealth amen
 idc what people say but i fucking love weed. it makes me such a happy  positive  and creative person  weed4ever
 way too much smoke around trump for there to be no fire
 i want to smoke just because i know it would end me so fast. if i had any money id have a pack of menthols right now.
 all i do is smoke dope amp fall back
 i smoke weed like shit but iaint about to do anything for it or smoke with just anybody
  if you smoke cigarettes . .ion fw you .
 i hate guys that smoke and when you tell them not to do it around you because of your heart condition they obviously dont give a shit. 
 sometimes you need a smoke even when youre not a smoker. life is like that  you know 
 bitches... are putting weed... in they nails 
 my boss gave me this shirt and said here  i know you like weed and going to mexico lmao 
 the weed make me think better  it put me in a vibe
 i dont smoke anymore  but im going to need a blunt after today
 i smell like weed n i dont even smoke 
 im at northbound smokehouse and brewpub  @northboundbrew in minneapolis  mn 
 smart to be wary when those who say they want freedom in health care are the same people who vote against medical marijuana amp abortion
 @andrewbucholtz @lsucaligrl i love that show so much. and i dont even smoke pot.
 dont wanna go see smokepurp alone lol so i bought 2 extra tickets but dont know who to give em to yet .
 dont judge anybody for smoking weed if you drink regularly
 so does weed soooooo 
 if youve never smoked a doobie on a thirty minute lunch break  you dont know stress.
 the friends who would but cant i still appreciate yall but for you niggas ive smoked out  fed allat dont fwm no more straight like that
 tbh  i wouldnt even ask to hit it. unless i start smelling some shit i aint never smoked before  
 most importantly if i smoke marijuana its when nobody is up and im feeling the urge to sleep. other than that i dont smoke often
  kids buy 1 g and think they just smokers .
 i will never understand why some people come to the library to watch netflix.... like you cant even smoke weed and make a pizza here lol
 @cashmoneycanada i saw fucking c sign at your store call it crack money like what you smoke bitch 
 @nycjim or worse deadly marijuana inside a nuke
 bro pass me the weed ima put my ashes out on these niggas
 this for the people that smoke drugs everyday   fuck what they say   let the pain go away 
 whats better then weed and money lol
 @xogiselle and got free cigs and i dont even smoke these things lol 
 if ur cute as fuck and like to smoke kush hit me the fuck up ion even want nothin jus a baddie to boof wit
 i dont smoke if it aint fuego
 you can carry a gun at 18 but can smoke a cigarette anymore lol
 nigga we live in north carolina  not cali or colorado. dont ask me for a g10 especially if i dont fwm you  smoke mid bro  2gs25 ill do
 sorry but if you smoke or do any other form of drugs you cant just the next person for doing some  you aint no better than them.
 i cant not smoke weed. its for real my medicine.
 even though weed is not drug but its considered medicine.
 i dont get people that wear weed shirts  hats   especially in states where its illegal. theyre just asking for police to harass them.
 consistency  self awareness  intelligence  weed.
 coach weed a little bitch and didnt tell me anything cause he knows not to mess with me
 @ipman  i dont drink. i smoke pots.  plain old telephone systems. 
 so people can take as many smoke breaks as they want at my job and dont have to clock out  but if i sit for 5 minutes on my phone im lazy
 stress got me off 2 packs of cigs  a case of brews a 5th and a bunch of weed every damn day
 and people say im mean or stingy because ion share my  bitch yall not about to smoke on these big gram blunts with me  atall
 where them friends that be like aye you tryna smoke bro
 i dont smoke no more... but i do drink. so please stop asking me if i smoke or if i want to
 you cant be a smoker if you dont even ever have doe  how that work 
 i smoke 1 blunt for damn near 3 or 4hours yall smoke 10 .4 blunts in be high off tobacco not weed
 sometimes i think i smoke toooo much weed 
 yea i know my cough sounds like i smoke a pack a day dont look at me ur hair is greasy
 then you niggas be tweaking and dont even be inhaling all the smoke 
 im at northbound smokehouse and brewpub  @northboundbrew in minneapolis  mn 
 why do people that smoke weed for medical reasons go around bragging about it you dont hear dudes bragging about viagra. 
 if the weed man hits you up first  he cant get the pack off dont argue with me
 but seriously who wants to smoke
 yeen want no smoke my guy
 i always say no when the doctor ask do you smoke or drink
 nighas really been smoking rapper weed lol
 cigarette smokers... are yall aware of how bad yall smell or do you not have any sense of smell... cuz of the smoking....
 i dont care about the weed  i dont care about the fact that its coke  i just dont want matty to fall off the deep end
 @pradogeee nah bro weed is for bitches
 this waitress thinks im choking on the smoke from the food nope just my margarita
 lmao vante funny asl talm bout i thought you was a hardcore smoker lol im like nah ion even smoke
 i heard a quote from someone on the news saying good people dont smoke cannabis i hope someone puts cement in their next burger 
 like why would u collect those cigarettes if ur not going to smoke them right i dont understand
 ya dont smoke
 my mom just told me that i should stop smoking weed if i want to lose weight
 mann do anybody smoke anymore  like damn   cant get nobody to match
 and they spent it all on synthetic weed 
 wish i had a consistent gym to go to i wouldnt smoke as much
 damn somebody just paid for all 3 of us meal at smoke pit while we was smashing   that was dope
 @angeleyes327 true. like those who think it is ok to deform a child when he isnt even old enough to even smoke a cigarette.
 i basically just found recipes to make an entire thanksgiving meal with cannabis infused foods and thats super dope.
 ion even smoke  
 even when i get off probation i got no desire to smoke weed that shit mighty overrated to me where da 10s 15s 30s
 this doofus is a clown. marijuana is good thing for people with chronic illness 
 smokin rapper weed with my gang
 this is austin i know yall fucks smoke weed
 nobody wants to smoke a blunt
 you dont put enough weed in the blunt you smoking tobacco
 @yungtrillneph i dont smoke lol
 i dont think i knew what food could be like until today. barbeque smoked duck tacos. worth the 
 smokin weed with you cause you taught me to
 @randycortez on the other hand  theres another guy who wants to join  but doesnt want to give up smoking weed.   man recruiting is fun
 bro these niggas slow af we trying go smoke right ..how both these niggas leave they wallet in the room
 wish a dude would buy me weed or a bottle thats filthy save that for your side bitch lol
 that crack isnt going to smoke itself. 
 i dont have a fuckin clue where im going in life when my minds on marijuana
 my answer to everything from now on is smoke crack man.
 people still smoke swishers 
 you gotta tell niggas you dont smoke so theyll actually take your ass somewhere
 yall smoke 247..that shit dont get boring lol
 me match meechie .... him i dont smoke nomore  
 dont make me smoke up all your kush  dont make me pop your cheap ass pills i used to do it for the thrill
 take a look at whats inside of g pen elite package  essential vape kit for conscious smokers 
 im glad i dont smoke anymore . all i used to do was smoke   eat   sleep lol .
 all i do is drink  smoke  and pop pills. im still loveable though 
 @mybleedingink can never afford it. dont smoke as often as id like. 
 ...and i dont smoke. 
 all i want is pussy and some smoke
 @marissatashell  ion even smoke
 i used to smoke wit my pops. he stay dumb smacked lmao 
 stay woke kush aliens on high alert red 2017 they are aliens and they are high if yu see them dont be scared dont let them know u have weed
 buying a wrap at speedway and the cashiers like you need some weed with that
 i just want the simple things  smoke with me baby  laugh with me baby  lay with me babbby
 its a whole alotta dope smoke
 what mixing weed and alcohol does to your mind  vice  
 if there was a race war i want to smoke gilbert gottfried cause of his voice.
 all i want 2 do is smoke but im tryna work on my health so lol
 im sorry cvs does not sell detox tea so you can pass a drug test. try a smoke shop or the dungeon. thanks.
 i dont smoke 
 @realtimers bill maher smokes too much weed. do you really think he knows what he is talking about
 i just always make sure i do tho cause i smoke a lot amp ion be want smell like weed. be having hand sanitizer  lotion  perfume  gum allatt
 oregon gettin smoked
 not enough weed to smoke
 i know she did not just put out her weed star 
 i dont really smoke anymore so a cigarette gets me high as fuck
 @patrickg4 @emilypixa she dont want no smoke
 why dont ppl understand cbd does not get you high  its extracted out of weed but it is not thc 
 chico dont want no smoke wit me 
 people be fening for weed more than crack wte
 r @uber drivers allowed 2 smoke cigs before pickup oh this is disgusting amp brutal. id cancel but i want 2 get 2 hotel after long flight
 my girlfriend is the only person i ever want to smoke with. everyone else is trash.
 tbh i just want somebody to smoke and listen to this with  is that too much to ask for  
 like its gravy if you dont but dont make it seem like mfs smoke weed just to be cool
 i like smokeing one deep so ion have to pass the blunt 
 i see people posting about legalizing marijuana for revenue...the same people who voted gop. you all realize they dont want that  right
 jamaica is fun til crack heads try to sell you weed 
 i feel high even if i dont smoke maxine
 backwoods overload dont like to smoke them swishers hoe
 talked to my dad on the phone amptold him i know he wants to try drugs other than weed amphe laughed the whole time hes like im not a druggy doe
 we are so easily distracted by the smoke screens that the masters of man kind put out in front of us some really evil shit is going down
 is that a thing i know theres rastas that dont smoke.
 @thatnighatalley ion even smoke so iono what ya yappin bout mr
 bro i need to smoke smh
 guy at court today  loudly exclaiming for the world to hear i smoke weed all day but fuck those crack heads. they crazy. ok yes
 could i just not smoke cigarettes anymore
 glad i dont smoke anymore 
 ion even smoke but this got me weak  
 you know how hard it is to find a significant other when all anyone my age wants to do is drink and smoke 247 thats just not me.
 yes i smoke cigs  yeah i know its a bad habit. idk what telling me that is gonna do but 
 dont know if i should go and smoke another cig or just sit here and listen to music
 what the fuck is good carver  im just trying to buy some weed god damn
 bell smoking too much weed 
 this not even weed i saw this post on facebook thats a weight supplement  
 when people say i smoke to much 
 yall smoke dick dont u
 fuckin disgusting how much do you need to smoke to even eat this shit 
 if you only smoke a gram a day you really dont be on gas 
 say u want smoke face a whole clip fucc all these niggas i dont trust a bitch
 my duck ass dont know nothing bout weed. ill sell a 7  for 10. 
 she breaking her neck for a nigga that sit at her house and smoke all day while she out here working her ass off to make money for them
 money amp weed 
 only smoke swishers in vegas lmfaoo
 dont know what i smoked but shessshh
 if you steal yo moms car to smoke meth  are you an addict or just an asshole whos given up self control 
 i want to smoke so bad
 my weed man give me what ever i need cuss he know the money coming back and thats no lie 
 i didnt even know you smokedwth 
 yall prolly think i dont do shit w my life but smoke weed but i got 2 varsity letters tho 
 ....... im not sure if youre saying this because my head is actually big  or cause you want the weed  but either 
 she roll my weed and she dont even smoke 
 idk what part of i be high ppl dont understand.. i dont smoke mid so yes i forget irrelevant shit from time to time.
 i dont even smoke it was a joke hoe laugh haha damn  
 damn i want to smoke 
 who cares i know i dont smoke thoughtyou did too keep calm  
 who wants to smoke
 you dont really want that smoke with us gee
 dat nigga @ralofamgoon said it best. ion want no smoke  ion wanna beef witchu  ion wanna be witchu. i just wanna do me.
 and i dont even smoke like that
 i aint letting my girl go smoke with some niggas i dont know. then gone tell me i cant go with you tf 
 that smells really bad. thats not weed thats marijuana.
 high grade my nigga  dat is all i know dat is all i roll  dat is all i smoke no i dont choke  
 somebody slide  smoke big backwoods or stuffed swishers 
 im so used to smoking blacks now that i cant even smoke a whole cig bc it makes me feel so crazy wtf
 life aint shit but bitches and money.  i pass that weed  like i studied
 might stay in trump tower for one week  spray paint all the walls and smoke weed. fuck them and fuck yall and fuck me.
 im legit done buying expensive weed from the dispensary now. im buying and selling the cheapest weakest ounce 
 im trying to sell my cousin weed im so funny cus ppl really buying it 
 im mad as hell i just smoked the weakest blunt ever that shit made me even more sober tf 
 you dont even smoke
 why you flexin boy you dont want no smoke 
 dont none of my brothers smoke
 lmfaooooo niggas gotta stop smokin weed 
 @youtube pizzagate can no longer think that people cant be that evil to much smoke not to be a fire.
 i have spent so much money on weed.
 i rlly cant emphasize enough dont do drugs harder than weed once u start u dont wanna stop yolo tho
 i dont smoke or drink like i use tooo anymore 
 the weed make me think man it put me in a vibe 
 i know you dont smoke weed but imma get you high today
 hearing this makes me want to question plugs cause i know they have a stash somewhere so they can smoke  
 him i dont smoke.  me    
 i smoke too much
 just tryin to smoke ...
 spends money on an ecig  just to smoke a pack of cigarettes on your day off 
 the only thing i dislike about not smoking anymore is that im stress eating lmfao my dr. told me instead of resorting to weed  im eating 
 stigmabase usca   what do we know about the effects of medical marijuana mark ware of mcgill university had a 
 whyd i think she was talking about a dime sack lmaooo i smoke too much 
 you say i drink and i smoke and i talk too much. but i know you lied when you said you just gotta go and save yourself.
 @latimes  i dont smoke weed inside @whitehouse fake news spread by dishonest la times bad
 isabel says im a bbq cause all i do is smoke and give meat 
 wyd after smoking this... bro if anything im fucking sleeping. its weed not crack.
 i obscenely want to smoke a pack of cigarettes and listen to the 1975 until sunrise
 this is me when everybody on the block asks why i smoke too much @fraydejosefina lmfaoo 
 im ready to smoke this blunt with my baby mama shit i would how it would feel to get high with @dashiexp  ever will know
 isnt that more expensive than 20 a gram tbh i dont even know anything about weed lol 
 worst thing you can tell me is youre to pretty to smoke  1. wtf does 1 have to do w another 2. i dont smoke to be cute amp 3. mind ya own
 im bout to smoke some of this green crack and go laugh at somebody.
 i think i want to get an airbnb in colorado  and go try all the different weed they have to offer
 lmfaoooo my man smoke out and enjoy our day bro salute 
 activism  bad for ya health  acting like you living a life you not for clout  pussy  money  and weed. 
 yall dont want smoke
 if youre down tripping knock it off go smoke a joint or even a blunt and just chill and let em think why they aint good enough for you
 i really dont smoke no more yall lls
 use to smoke swishers like a regular nigga now ima backwood typa nigga
 @illimitableman nah man we just smoke tons of weed over here while getting our programming on. nobody wants to write software while tripping
 i dont have the hustle in me to sell weed
 i want some of the weed he smokes everyday 
 @realdonaldtrump mister president i know how you feel about drugs but dont put weed in that come out sign something that legalize weed
 if she smoke cigarettes she dont love herself either 
 they just want to smoke my weed
 with that gang shit you dont want smoke with the boys i bang wit
 niggas be having some weird ass a.d.d  ass cant stay shut nor cant stay still like damn you need some weed or sumn  calm down lil bro
 @tjpieffer top 5 literally there is no competition gino is about to smoke em
 money cant buy happiness but it can buy weed which is pretty 
 is theres any plug the sale weed on the westside
 last smoke before the snowstorm by benjamin francis leftwich is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 they dont want drivers zoned out on anything  whether its beer  cannabis or prescription drugs. 
 so im meeting my mom right  and she looks at me and goes is that weed on your leggings 
 peoples lives crumble when they ask for a cigarette and you tell em you dont smoke that weak shit
 floyd said u always ask am i high or did i smoke like wtf u think i am a crack addict  i said maybe who knows
 she said coke like she couldnt believe that shit  if it woulda been weed she woulda been down for the cause lmao g 
 i think i needa smoke so much weed to a point where i never wanna smoke again
 jc3 is shit. got 2 gs  half way thru had a g left broke up a bud found spider mites  took it back still had to pay for what i smoked
 ok smokers nothing against you. butttt where does it make sense to light a sig in a line full of people who possibly dont smoke either...
 this country still wants to make us a smoke. but here we are. 
 i dont smoke enough cigs or do enough drugs to be in art school
 my dude thugger said my weed is loud and you smokin libraries... you know how many times ive heard that line amp i just now got it 
 my nigga smoke salute g 
 i must look like a stoner  people always message me asking me if i am interested in buying or i know where to get weed.
 im addicted to smoke nigga ima drug addict pill poppin hood nigga
 damn are you pissed because we dont smoke our weed with you anymore 
 even when im offended im only slightly bothered by shit idk i smoke a lot of weed man
 people who smoke and are still shitty people just  man i dont know.
 reasons why i smoke. 
 theres no weed on this earth strong enough to make me do that 
 i dont know about all the claims in this video but theyre not wrong about weed being good. 
 i really prefer a dude that dont smoke but w.e
 i bet if some of us put our money in the bank instead of buying fast food  lottery tickets and weed then wed be multi thousandares
 my professor ive seen people sell weed in the hallway i literally love scc so much
 @tomilahren would anyone care about your opinion if you werent a smoke show no. no they wouldnt thursdaythoughts resist theresistance
 lmaooooo i ask smoke what bc usually they talking about smoking squares 
 nothing like destroying your own state. and our gov. thinks declaring a war on marijuana will keep people from dying of opioid od.
 never smoking weed again wte
 ion fw pussys i just smoke this cookie
 that moment when you convince 2 ppl that dont smoke to smoke hahhha
 dont mind my smoke  its jus one of my vices
 i dont care for weed nor do i like it. if its legalized in ga then more power to those of yall who smoke. that shit does not affect
 can you still smoke weed and cigs if youre in an iron lung
 a lot of people see me as a smoker or a guy that does bad things when they look at me because of the way i dress  im the opposite of that.
 they dont want no smoke they dont want no issue
 cranky in the morning if i dont smoke 
 smoking weed makes me so happy.
 she just wants to smoke and fuck girl thats all that we do
 yes the 1975 are a real band  they are indie  play instruments  snort cocaine and smoke weed  write their own music 
 dont talk shit if u dont have a job u not in school and all u do is smoke.. foh boy.. niggas is goofy no life havin ass
 good people dont smoke marijuana.
 nil do you have any weed nah i dont spend my own money on that  i use everyone elses 
 nik do you have any weed nah i dont spend my own money on that  i use everyone elses 
 its unfair that other people get to smoke their brains out and get pregnant and i cant.
 i dont smoke crack muhfucka i sell it
 i dont cry when my dog runs away i dont get angry at the bills i have to pay i dont get angry when my mom smokes pot
 yes. this idiot is killing himself with booze and cigs. he needs to try weed. 
 ok so who wants to smoke weed with me outside all day
 i dont buy weed 
 one of my neighbors smoke cigarettes and dat shit blows me soooooo much...i be in the crib coolin and i jus get a whiff of some jacks
 u aint smoking like me this that real rapper weed  rocks 
 young people said bernie bc free college amp legal weed. when asked what theyd do with money saved by no tuition amp more party money was 1
 i dont smoke anymore but i fell this is against peoples rights leave the smokers alone 
 chest day  i dont smoke  i dont drink  i lift  i eat healthy  i love my life .hashidmotivated
 chest day  i dont smoke  i dont drink  i lift  i eat healthy  i love my life .hashidmotivated 
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang
 they dont want no smoke they ont want no cancer
 people think just bc they fuck 30 year olds and smoke weed makes them mature
 i dont even know why people think im going to allow you to smoke a cigarette or black in my car 
 if i dont smoke them shits what makes you think i want that nasty ass smell in my car 
 @kingpablito5112 i dont smoke anymore lol
 @ayyflaminoo i used to be like that but i got over it bcuz i use weed to feel healthier amp overall  it helped so now i can eat regular wo it
 @thinkb4youjump i dont smoke it all the time tho cause i dont be tryna pay for it
 me and my nigga still eat good  still smoke everyday  still got money we dont give a fuck
 @drewontheradio alex jones also said that our government smokes dmt to communicate with clockwork elves
 i have never used drugs except medicinal marijuana  crack 3 times in my 22 years ago with a ex. clean and sober drug free  marijuana free.
 i will 100 call u out on trying to kill urself if u smoke cigarettes and im not sorry about it
 i smoke too much
 some niggas is so annoying until they hit the weed lol. i hate em.
 vegas living life tbh. im skating great. my mental health fye.  im smokin big weed. 
 i smoke so much i be forgetting to eat sometimes 
 my gaurdian angel smokes crack i think
 i smoke to enjoy my high  i like to know what im smoking  and understand it.
 tcmparty monkey break. smoke em if you got em
 dont spend all yall money on hair   phones amp weed amp drank but i think ima lil too late
 me and my drug addict friends all we do is smoke most of your friends snort 
 @nbcnews what brand of crack does he smoke
 dont touch my weeds... 
 bout to tell the boss he smokes crack in the bathroom so he can get fired
 have you ever been conscious in a coma... please dont tell my mama this aint marijuana...
 say goodbye to legal weed i dont smoke but feel like we really should just tax it and let it be. 
 people who dont even smoke weed and people who cant hit the blunt wo having an anxiety attack sure do have a lot 
 dont they know recreational marijuana has done amazing things for those states economies 
 wish i was madison ivy. all she does is snapchat her tits all day n smoke weed
 everybody want me to smoke all the time  like im a drinker  imma lightweight at smoking.
 whats the dif alcohol or weed. if they dont want anyone to have weed than only fair no more alcohol 
 @thehill i think that just put the gop out of business. let them spend that wall money on fighting weed. not going to happen.
 hungry dont know what to eat   wanna smoke but for the first time idk if i want too ... 
 but if president trump cracks down on weed ... smoking weed wont be cool anymore
 wtf  marijuana isnt the problem. crack down on pain killers and heroin. 
 think fever is back ill have smoke soon hope it makes me feel better
 dont act like you fuck w me then go ghost because i dont smoke anymore 
 im not sorry if i pull up to match and you got anything less than a g i will smoke half my blunt and then say spark yours
 @presssec expect greater enforcement of federal law against marijuana use on a state level. ppl are about to stress out in wa...
 wtf does the opioid addiction crisis have to do with weed  @seanspicer youre about as smart as a fuckin box 
 the typa people that trash talked people who smokedrank back in middle school are the ones who do worse shit now
 @americaduped if cannabis is really illegal the constitution isnt worth the hemp it was written on  i agree
 alright donny boy @realdonaldtrump dont fucking mess with our marijuana. you cant stop us from smoking. the war on drugs has failed. sad
 the coolest bitch i know gets like 90 likes everytime.  90 bro 90 like the bitch makes brownies when we smoke weed for fun
 some of us actually work for a living. all of us dont sit on our ass all day and smoke kush blunts until their kids get out of school.
 @asiaskipp i dont drink much   i dont smoke   i dont have any felonies   i love strippers tho i confess lol
 i think that was the best uber driver ever .. we were talking about pussy money and weed 
 i been marijuana free for some days now   this read .. my lips even turning back 
 i really hope she didnt smoke that after that was you know  in there 
 how can you call yourself the plug but never have shit to smoke
 so fucking annoyed i will literally pay you and make you dinner if you bring me weed... or any other drug im not picky
 i dont smoke 
 please dont sit next to me in class if you smell like old cigarette smoke
 who wants to smoke
 never make shit i love smoking weed. @gherbo 
 i dont smoke pot. i dont like pot. i am bothered when @potus is says transgender decisions r up to state but pot decisions r up to feds.
 all i ever really want besides good weed is awesome music that i get obsessed with  and lately both have been abundant.  life is good lol.
 mr officer didnt want no smoke foo
 just cause you sell weed doesnt mean youre a drug dealer
 @michhhellee its not like weed gives you anxiety  it doesnt. i dont think its bad either but it made it worse for me
 if i dont smoke i might lose my shit
 crazy thought  opioids are the gateway drug to opioids  not weed. 
 anyone want to smoke 
 i smoke too much amp thats an issue  but im okay
 good people dont smoke marijuana.  us attorney general jefferson beauregard sessions iii  the lamest guy youll 
 6 000 000 ppl die from tobacco  while 2 500 000 ppl die from alcohol each year worldwide. you know how many ppl have died from cannabis 0.
 mf passing faster than i can pass the weed
 @ashleyesqueda @fox32news exactly. only when it suits their needs. buy as many guns as you want  but dont smoke pot and eat doritos.
 who gives a shit what the governemtn retards do about weed... is that really gonna stop you from smoking or change your life nah.
 i mean honestly for what reason is marijuana illegal 
 if a drug dealer sells you an ounce of marijuana  it does not count towards the countrys gdp
 i cannot believe spicer considered opiates to marijuana how ignorant is he really oh my god he doesnt even know
 .@realdonaldtrump back to using forprofit prisons and having the doj crack down on legal weed all you care about is money
 is he still arguing that cannabis is the gateway drug
 12 @presssec dont you think marijuana should be legalized because of the opioid problem  dont you think replacing opiod scripts...
 crazy an administration with members heavily invested in private prisons wants to crack down on recreational marijuana. what a coincidence.
 i dont see how ppl smoke cigarettes. shit is terrible
 i gotta take a piss test for my p.o   i know i failed cause i done smoked hella weed bro.
 of course trump is going after legal marijuana but like the failed muslim ban it will be defeated in court. dont worry stay high
 i dont understand people who cant comprehend the benefits of legalizing and taxing marijuana. we all win.
 people who smoke cigs are freakin disgusting 
 if you are about your money like i am and smoke weed fw me
 peer pressure is not a thing just saying. i hangout w potheads everyday amp i dont smoke and no one forces me sooooooooo
 @evanbreen have you ever smoked crack
 if you still roll swishers you not a real smoker
 id smoke with my mom but her being her bitchy self would probably make fun of my weed just because she wants to 
 because conservatives dont know shit about weed 
 these weedmen be acting like they dont wanna make money
 fed govt says states cant decide their own marijuana policy but should be free to discriminate against transgender people in schools. wtf
 i always date thick ass chicks who dont smoke...
 this nigga said he didnt wanna sell me no weed cause i look like a set up bitch gtfoh ion even be on that 
 still dont understand why @barackobama didnt take cannabis off the schedule 1 drug list. big opportunity went up in smoke 
 dont fuck with peoples weed. this wont end well. 
 you dont need meth and you dont need speed because everything is better with a bag of weed
 some of yall dont even be smoking fr   just be wasting smoke. inhale sis 
 tell your lunatic russian owned boss @presssec he will never take our weed.. now  beat it... mom said your pizzapop 
 people be so surprised when i say i dont smoke 
 washington state will resist federal crackdown on legal weed  ag ferguson says    
 we were learning about financial stresses in class and the professor asked what we usually spend our money on and some guy said weed 
 alcohol never showed me the tender love and care weed has.
 we on neptune prolly smokin weed
 @kjvellturo i think most people dont know that a police car  ambulance and fire truck show up for every 911 call even a faulty smoke alarm
 rapper weed
 i hope they never legalize weed cause people gone start smoking crack just to still say fuck the law
 @seanspicer how much is big pharma paying you to go after weed youre a joke and everyone sees through your lies and bullshit. resist
 @geeknum88 so  if one smokes 3 pack of cigs a day for 30 years and gets copd  the provider of the right can say you werent responsible
 who got a weedman bro  wtf. 
 so i drink and i smoke and i ask if youre ever around even though it was me who drove us right into the ground
 dude  i dont condemn you for masturbation. what you do in private or in 18 restricted areas is legal. like cannabis in california.
 how you sell your boys controller for some money to get some weed. 
 ill never understand why some people dont accept the idea of recreational marijuana. like seriously whats the downfall of it
 i luh this shit called life. good company. good eats. good drink. good smoke. fuuuuhhhhck yaaahh bruh
 even though weed actually doesnt kill anybody while alcohol and smoking tobacco does. hurry up 2020.. 
 somebody smoking weed on the bus waab
 lmao 4 yo info ion rly smoke blacks anymore 
 i dont drink or smoke. im such a good girl.
 trump dont make prisons private  thats pretty fucking stupid. oh and by the way  weed has never directly killed anyone so ya dont be dumb
 does anyone know how much weed i need 2 make weed brownies
 worried about all the wrong things. ppl will still buy it. ppl will still smoke it. 
 im the plug for that ganja
 someone just showed their weed to gordon
 i have the best smoke seshs with myself 
 how you a weed man and dont answer the phone 
 you cant smoke a pack of cigs while pregnant and thing youre doing a good thing.
 makes sense considering i went from hard drugs to weed lol
 when he ask if i smoke weed and i say nah. and he go good ion like females that smoke whole time i smoke crack 
 lmao we have a real opioid epidemic in the us thats claiming thousands of lives but yeah weeds the real killer here and i dont even smoke
 i dont even smoke weed yet this pisses me off so much 
 now  we every place that we go  they say we cant smoke but we do it anyway  cause real gs smoke when they want
 u dont know how weed look like  
 just used expired nose spray.. if i dont survive smoke a fatty at my funeral
 why did my landlord just try to tell me that i spend my money on weed and that shes a mom so she knows when shes being lied to 
 i dont consider weed a drug...drugs are badweed is good 
 for the record i dont smoke cigs
 i dont know whats worse to watch the cavs and knicks or warriors and clippers they deadass always smoke them
 @newwonders whole different vibe on that album i dont even need to smoke to be high listening to him
 the only loud thing i want around me is weed not these loud ass bitches
 this guy is tryin to say that herion and meth should be legal not just medical marijuana bc of liberty and freedom to live how one wants
 im in my pjs tryin to smoke this blunt
 march   im putting the smoke down and hitting the gym
 pop a flat smoke a blunt fuck up my health  
 even if you dont smoke it   the reasons for it still being illegal is ridiculous alcohol and cigarettes are far more harmful.
 @patrici76267702 @stockmonsterusa nobody gets addicted to marijuana.  its habitforming  not addictive there are no withdrawal effects.
 willie dont let you smoke up in his housebut im your uncle elroy and i dont care how high you getas long as you let me hit it up first
 smokin rapper weed
 im scared to let my little brother babysit esco i dont want him to smoke around him or have him in nobody dirty house
 if it aint 93 dont smoke it.
 i know understand why people drink and smoke after work
 @24ceven bro him and smokepurpp the future they are too fuckin dope
 @realdonaldtrump hey moron  back off the weed you god damn fucking idiot. the world knows why its illegal  cuz of u money hungry fucks
 anybody got some weed in florida
 dont talk to me unless you got some weed
 i really be thinking this when i dont smoke for a whole day lmao 
 recovering drug addict  i used to smoke a pound a day
 @joshweissbock no weed for all those vancouver hippies like @shackts
 if i dont smoke tn ima be a train wreck .
 guys im getting smoked out by sonic the hedgehog and benjamin franklin
 all these dumbass politicians who want to put more pressure on weed as a crime  are the people who need to smoke it the most.
 no female wants a nigga who sit on they ass and smoke weed all day 
 i just want someone i can chill with   lay back and smoke while playing chance the rapper and talk about our goals and life 
 people really be surprised that i dont smoke
 ion even smoke im just dumb 
 @willpug when you watch  43m mark you realize how deeply sessions believes  good people dont smoke marijuana.
 gtf...nigga i aint been to jail since 2007...ion smoke no damn camels no more 
 i want you to look at me the way you look at weed 
 dont know why my water bottle smells like weed.. i dont even smoke 
 count my dough amp smoke up 
 ya know how if you get drunk one night and you wake up you can still be drunk  but is it like that with weed when youre high. 
 good thing onward isnt making aggressive moves in the cannabis industry.
 warriors dont want smoke
 baby girl jus smoke dope 
 i dont smoke 
 and they ganna miss you.. they dont wanna smoke they dont want no issue.
 might smoke one to future new shit and ion even smoke lmao
 i just want to be the weed on my bday bc its my day
 idc how much weed i smoke  dont blow the smoke in my face. thts so disrespectful.
 i dont smoke though. 
 i dont smoke  but really @potus  dont you have bigger problem than this. what a waste of resources. thisisstupid 
 lets all just smoke weed even if bannon makes it illegal again. just like the old days.
 nah im sorry had to rt this again lmaoo homie in grey was getting smoked from the very beginning.. he even blocked 
 i dont smoke though. 
 @caseylynnn03 you dont smoke though i dont what 
 people smoke so much to the point they cant eat with out being high  i had got to that point like a couple weeeks ago
 you dont have to like weed but dont say stupid shit about it like how you can get addicted to it
 funny thing is im not even an everyday smoker 
 @presssec listen here melissa  stay in your lane and dont fuck with my weed. @shaunking @nickofferman
 i would never fight for the wbc if i was a fighter because i aint taking no drug tests. what if wanna pop a perc and smoke weed. fuck that
 dont want smoke wit my gang
 taking some weird new hash oil to try and help with sleep even tho i dont smoke cuz fuck pharmaceuticals. time will tell
 alcohol and marijuana  if used in moderation  plus loud  usually lowclass music  make stress and boredom infinitely more bearable.
 dont got nobody to smoke with
 idgaf how much weed yall smoke yall aint gettin high unless you try dat k2 aka spice aka synthetic weed.  go try that and lemme kno.
 gas pack i dont smoke on no sativa bihh 
 dont hmu to smoke im not smoking for a while
 i cant even smoke normal weed no more and it makes me sad but that k2 is my fav drug.
 gonna read some articles and smoke some dope.
 @dronerforever you smoke so much marijuana
 if she smokes reggie i dont want her ..
 want dat smoke i send em 
 yall aint ever smoked crack ya pussy smh
 dont give me no bammer weed we dont smoke that shit in the sfc
 nothing better than when my amazing next door neighbor calls at 1 am saying hello do you want me to smoke you out 
 if i sold weed i wouldnt even weigh the shit ill just take a handful and sell it for 100
 ion even smoke  
 ihate to say it but ya smoke too much weed 
 i just want a girl i can smoke with...
 why would you want to use marijuana recreational anyways what good jobs can you get where you dont get drug tested
 @presssec youre an idiot. we smoke pot so we dont have to take opioids. and i know why your doing this. how much is big pharma paying you
 anyone around huntington park area down to smoke message me. im bored.
 i never have weed at night and thats when i want to smoke most 
 what im trying to say is dont let anyone ever tell you marijuana doesnt have side effects bc this kind of activity is definitely one
 @akurry she swallowed the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato ooh okay
 i smoke too much
 sometimes i wish i wasnt such a hard person to understand and be around. but it makes me thankful cause it weeds out the fakes amp the snakes
 stigmabase usca   marijuana legalization and your teen  one thing that remains clear and constant is that 
 cigars smoke em if you got em 
 hanging out with a bunch of cig smokers makes everyone automatically assume you smoke cigs too i swear  like no i dont want any
 i dont smoke weed because i think it makes me cool or different. i smoke weed because i thoroughly enjoy being high.
 i really do smoke rapper weed tho
 even though i hardly smoke anymore  i want a black backwoods hoodie 
 if youre up smokin great weed then i fucks witu
 @radleybalko i suffer with ptsd  lupus  and chronic pain. alcohol  and opiates kills   cannabis helps and even has been known to heal. think
 i dont smoke but i need to smoke a blunt this weekend feel free to join me
 i dont see myself or a liberal or a conservative. im more of a free thinker. i want to smoke  but i also reserve the right to carry a 9.
 yu ppl who smoke pre rolls trust way to easy for me
 im drunk  but i also know the fight next door is shitty omg just dont steal my weed man  
 why are we putting weed dealers and mostly innocent people in prison and not going after the crazys and rapists. me no understand
 bout to roll up and listen to future new album wish i had a little baddie to smoke with right now smh  its cool doe
 @rdennison0105 @sethrogen i dont like how @realdonaldtrump is doing his job. i was born in iowa. he lied. making recreational weed illegal.
 everybody i meet these days say im a rapper. im a skateboarder. nah you follow waves... you really smoke and sit on your ass.
 i love weed so much
 we dont smoke swishers 
 javale dont want smoke wit the diesel
 i dont smoke pot but legal it has many benefits 4 different illnesses and not any worse than alcohol. please pay a 
 i feel like smokin a cig and i dont even smoke
 dont ever hit me up at 4 am saying i wanna chill  lets smoke.   youve lost your mind.  matter of fact  dont ever send me that
 pass the weed mf
 when they say no smoking say smoke these hands  
 lmao i dont want none of that weed 
 dead  i dont even smoke anymore  
 name a boi in film that doesnt smoke cigs. thanks
 mulan wants to chill with me so bad but she  doesnt  smoke 
 i hate when ppl look old amp then try to act old. no u just look old ur body fine nobody to smoke so much looking crazy like that
 mfs always talking about heaven you smoke too much like mind yo fucking business i know what im doing. 
 cuz iont wanna smoke crack i rather pop pill 
 my dad swear he dont smoke  
 if youre a religious drinker  dont even fucking think about saying a god damn thing to me about me smoking marijuana.
 @stansburyshow i have no problem with legalizing marijuana  but i want a way to test when someone is driving  like we have for alcohol
 there is absolutely no reason marijuana should not be legalized nationwide. dont like it dont smoke it. far less dangerous than alcohol.
 i dont smoke marijuana  but im tired of this war on the wrong drugs. we need to fight opiate addiction. not people who want a little green
 my weed situation is dire as fuck so if your name is jd greving or heath thornton i dont want to hear from you. go back to africa
 maybe now that weed is off the table all those berniebros will suddenly care that poc lives will be worse off under 
 @presssec you understand that marijuana is not an opioid right there is a big difference. 
 like when my family complains about me smoking weed. my bills are paid amp up to date  so whats the big issue if i spend some cash in me 
 like when my family complains about me smoking weed. my bills are paid amp up to date  so whats the big issue if i spend some cash on me 
 we got that newish  i dont care who wants to capitalize off the marijuana plant  all i want 
 we got that newish  i dont care who wants to capitalize off the marijuana plant  all i want 
 @realdonaldtrump 1st action i dont agree with go after marijuana. focus on heroin amp other drugs that are killing people. statesrights
 id kill for a weed man like this tho 
 i used to smoke swishers like a regular nigga  now im a backwood type of nigga.
 she talking too much  hit the weed ... 
 alcohol kills people every damn day and the government couldnt give a fuck about it  but jeff sessions said only bad people smoke  soooo
 1 no one cares how much you smoke  drink  or how much money you hold in your snapchats.
 i dont believe that. i can tell when someone is blowing smoke up my ass 
 sometimes i want to do this at work just to weed out the idiots. 
 and people say i smoke a lot now. i be laughing cause thats a funny joke 
 what does a marijuana overdose even look like empty bags of dipsy doodles amp a low sperm count    thousands of people die from opiate od
 @h5odano @atlblackstar i will trust trump to weed out the good and the bad. just dont think these ppl have a clue on what we all need
 he dont even weigh 100 so his body prolly couldnt take all that smoke 
 swallowed the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
  weed isnt a gateway drug 
 @steelepierce @aaronsxl simply put  i dont want people making drug policy who think about cannabis the same way my grandmother does.
 @steelepierce @aaronsxl its 2017  you cant fool ppl w this slippery slope rhetoric. cannabis is productive  for medicine and the economy
 @katieinthecle im not a smoker but i disagree with this move. if a state votes on it let em have it and get that tax money. focus on heroin
 she pop x i smoke os tic tac toe
 i hate when ppl put themselves smoking weed on their snap. like youre cool bro we all get it 
 barely came bacc from that weed coma
 spending money on marijuana n shit
 you dont want no smoke 
 there is an opiod and heroin crisis there is no marijuana crisis @realdonaldtrump @presssec full of  
 my marijuana stocks gone make me a lot of money 
 i dont do drugs  i just smoke weed everyday 
 @6abc maybe look into why a lot of nj police dont know the cumma laws and still arrest medical marijuana patients 
 i smoke frosty buds shits like cocaine on weed theres so much crystals
 .@msnbc @cnn @cbsnews @abc @nbcnews @washingtonpost @nytimes  more smoke putinspuppet theresistance demforce 
 done smoke until i gain some weight 
 @christichat @judgejeanine @cpac focus on that legalize marijuana tax it pay off debt create jobs silent majority wants it 
 @afksmoking i dont smoke but im down for the good food lol
 its not about weed. they dont like  independence that thriving economy gives blue states.   
 i used to smoke a whole g too tha face amp you can ask brodie them 
 dnt skress ova me babygirl smoke dope
 so lemme get this straight  heroin amp marijuana are corollary  juss like drinking  and smoking crack are related too huh smh 
 see yal dont know uncle rob . this nigga da weed man
 if you dont  need weed to get you through your day  good for you. but remember its also an alternative medicine for some.
 you dont know how to smoke weed if youre smoking a half ounce a day and you need to stop lmfao
 @jojoexbean that boy curry dont ever say nuin  kd over tryna be like us bay niggas  and yeah klay smoke too much  he be chillin. 
 shut up u dont want smoke wit shaq fr 
 @realdonaldtrump if you crack down on cannabis... you played yourself
 bro thats kulfi not weed 
 suck me while i smoke this blunt cause i really dont feel like having sex .
 fml im walking into work still drunk af from last night. i work at smoke in plano if anyone wants to come in and shoot me
 @seanspicier your a total moron. cannabis is a gateway to a fridge. this coming from some1 who knows. if it werent for it. id be dead.
 only rock designer  smoke exotic
 mfs know when somebody need some weed
 these stupid mfs ride around all day just to sell me weed bro
 they roll it up.. light it and smoke it .. its not rocket science mf 
 i be mugging the shit outa everything moving.. niggas prolly think i want some smoke
 this mf tryna ban weed bro thats where i cross the line 
 @enlighted52 @mikehardin considering i dont drink  smoke or do drugs of any kind  i have to say no...buh bye
 these dudes was really trying to smoke some crack on my porch. like wtf there is an alley right behind my house lmao
 chan dont want anybody   she like a old lady. weed amp snacks  cats for her 
 psssh everyone sells weed these days but do you got any crack
 auto tune is like synthetic marijuana.
 @streptococcle @9news you may want to work on your poor english skills before blasting what marijuana does to the brain. just saying. 
 @kvvke lmao nah i put roaches in a rillo before and smoked those so its all good lol
 i want to smoke in the sun today 
 i want to smoke in the sun today 
 what weed he smoking bro  @deenycee3 
 rick ross music be making me want to smoke
 people be like how dont you smoke anymore you use to smoke like shit. easy nigga  i just put da weed down.
 heroin and opiate pain killer ods are still spiking in my hometown but  ya know  weed.
 if i dont smoke this week  i might actually be able to gain weight 
 high as the stars in the milky way  those summer days drifted away  but shell always float back through my mind like smoke
 pregnant women who smoke weed and drink sometimes make me so angry. do it for your baby  they are worth so much more than a non sober second
 good thing my sister right at chloe with the weed 
 not a user although i dont owe anyone that explanation  but attempting to link marijuana use to opioid addiction is absolutely asinine.
 rappers be in these big ass studios to lay down 4 vocal takes and smoke backwoods in pictures lmao
 i mean i dont smoke or anything.. but marijuana should be decriminalized for sure. 
 i dont smoke weed i just do
 @itsallrod  dont want no smoke 
 my goal for this year is to have my mom smoke weed.
 yeah i dont think the feds are coming for tommy chongs weed habit somehow 
 @zachmoss14 like na bro  i dont smoke. get a job
 @potus @realdonaldtrump dont touch legal marijuana. i dont smoke it but it creates great revenues for the states. focus on national issues
 i work in a lodge in a colorado ski town. guests choose colorado over utah  idaho  because of rec marijuana. its g 
 girls who smoke crack
 a whole lotta dope smoke.
 a whole lotta dope smoke.
 i just drink amp smoke while vibin to some new future  that all
 i dont smoke with random people 
 i smoked too much this month  that shit crazy
 you call yourself a business man  but want to crack down on marijuana bad business to keep it illegal. keep putting money in cartels pocket
 me you want some obsession by calvin klein sharif nah ima smoke a cigarette
 @gavinnewsom @presssec @abc thank god for that marijuana is a gateway brain killing drug that should be illegal  its classed as a narcotic.
 when you dont eat nothing but you smoke a j
 dont smoke that weed 
 fuck it im home  math an history my favorite subjects but wheres that gunna get u in life want answers about space ima tell u dont smoke
 and i repeat  cigarette smoke is not the same as weed smoke 
 lol i feel bad that some people still smoke reggy
 first bday not drinkin but im still enjoy it amp possibly smoke 19
 yall putting chemicals on your weed to make it last longer   
 yall slander cole amp i think yall got bad taste in music  then i remember yall favorite artist rap about guns and weed 247 and im right
 i advise all drug dealers or anyone smoking weed to stay out the port  they pullin everyone over
 i hate all of you wack ass tyler weedmanz yall aint bout shit or yall money
 we smoke str8 dope aint no seeds in it.
 its like we dont want to be bad guys to sick people but fuck everyone else who voted for weed because states rights but not really lol
 dont fuck with us weed heads chump i mean trump cause we know ur coke dealer
 i know you dont smoke weed   i know this
 somebody make motherfucking marijuana legal 
 how many overnight dope boys we gonna have when this 4oz weed law passes in harris county
 weed call it what it is weed should be left to the state legislatures and they should decide wtf they want to do with it
 boys that smoke cigs  tha hell you thinking 
 pappys @ pappys smokehouse 
 i dont party   i dont drink   i dont smoke   i do my makeup   and listen to music .. lifes good
 @kenyabdrx brrrrrrrrrrbrrrpbrrrpbrrrrp just let me pop my shit  let me hit that weed 
 she want smoke my dope  let her smoke my dope
 who would smoke crack with me green crack 
 i dont like buying weed by myself i like friends who have some
 this is basically my last weekend to smoke as much as i want until april 
 the only other person on pier 45 is a guy smoking weed and singing kelly price really loud
 always worth stopping @ northern waters smokehaus 
 reason 1 i hate working at a liqour store   everyone wants to sell me weed  assuming i smoke it 
 who want take me to eat i dont have nothing but weed drink 
 this lil nigga smokin weed and blazed up
 my mom just found out i smoke. that drug test came out positive
 i cant even breathe when ppl smoke cigs close to me.it makes my head hurts so bad
 kam smokes od lol
 if your weed man sells other drugs and only has one scale.... youve smoked other drugs besides weed
 i dont smoke  
 i just want some weed and every plug in my phone either not answering or on some other shit
 i just finished a bowl of cannabis indica  i feel much better now.
 makes sense why trump wants to keep weed illegal  he wants to ensure we dont to do anything to make us happy
 theres a reason why i just dont smoke with everybody 
 havent smoked in so long that i dont even think i can hang anymore. 
 yes  i will be smoking cannabis at 420
 i dont sell drugs i sell weed. you do know the definition of a drug right
 if you tell me you have medical weed ill laugh at you lol
 i dont think i could ever date someone that smokes weed 
 i dont smoke weed but ill defend anyone who does 1. it helps wppls illness 2. makes ppl happy. good things. legalizeweed stopwarondrugs
 ion even feel like going to work anymore  im just tryna blow sum smoke
 yall literally purchase shit from anybody selling what you need . fcked up tattoos fu ass weed etc . smh
 people really be living their lives with weed to smoke but no money to spend
 baby dont trust the smoke and mirrors  ill show you whats clearer
 you smoke reggie thats that shit i dont like
 shoot the weedman if the dope aint smokin
 you buggin g just smoke a blunt 
 why dont anyone smoke weed anymore....... everyone is into perk 30s.....  or meth 
 no one ever believes me that i dont smoke weed anymore 
 whenever i need favors from big bro i just give him weed lol
 @realdonaldtrump dont mess with marijuana we  voted for it we voted for you......i hate alcohol i hate pills....broken back. still work....
 i hate it when people call weed  dope.
 i just want to go out  smoke some hookah  have a few drinks  and look hot. but he has his daughter and i dont have any local friends. 
 @rechzack dude i have that screen shotted in my phone lol i want to smoke one some day
 if the plug tells you my shit straight from cali just know you bout to smoke some trash niggas b lying
 yall plugs wanna get your weed off but dont ever got any deals goin 
 yall dont want no smoke at all 
 sex so good  i need a cig. i dont even smoke. 
 been smokin weed and poppin pills since a lil nigga
 when you dont smoke but have dreams of you smoking lmfao wtf is wrong with mr
 u ever smoke a doobie n get higher than expected whoops lol
 community wants to crack down on synthetic marijuana 
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato 
 i dont smoke thats a no no.  mannnnn
 count a grip amp smoke a zip
 i want my weedski
  you dont know what vegas are they smoke the best i cant even lie 
 im i got that 732 on my  jersey where niggaz smoke you if you gettin to the money  my bother died from theese streets but i still luv em
 im i got that 732 on my  jersey where niggaz smoke you if you gettin to the money  my bother died from theese streets but i still luv em
 when he hit you up to smoke but you gotta pass a drug test 
 i just wish i had my money so i could get food and weed and be alone and cry like i want to.
 i didnt know that he said that he wanted to legalize weed. he finessed the hell out of these people for votes.
 i have an opportunity to work in the marijuana industry. its my dream job. marijuana saves lives. fucking try me sessions
 i dont smoke 
 ladies just cause smoke blunts wit a couple plugs and they got a strap. dont think you got shootas.
 @flowerchildxo6 i dont smoke anymore lol im a good man now. new year new me
 wtf is going on in our country .... this is unamerican and unacceptable @ ivy city smokehouse 
 niggas dont want smoke they dont want cancer 
 trump wont go after weed. it makes too much money  hes a businessman.  how do you stupid fucks feel now 
 all i want to do is sit down in a quiet room  smoking weed until i pass out.  thats it.
 my nigga said i need someone to place the order for my weed for me  get my shell and roll.  damn what kinda plug you got
 i may not drink so much alcohol to get kidney failure but i can smoke the shit outta some weed. 
 why cant we smoke weed in the casinos like they do with stooges.
 so sick i dont even want to smoke 
 thats anybody yall geeked out here mixing pills and weed. damn crackheads 
 i really do suffer from anxiety and i cant talk to my mom about it because shell just say its the drugs. meaning marijuana.
 like yeah obviously dont smoke around children i including dont do that but lets stop pretending cigarettes just came out or sumthin
 the police wont get your money back before he smokes it up  though.
 dont complain that all u eat at college is ramen when mommy and daddy give you money for food and you blow it on alcohol and weed
 i dont think i could ever date somebody who smokes cigarettes. its stupid  youre literally paying a company to slowly give you cancer.
 baby pop that cheese cause you cant smoke for free
 the graba train on tv makes me feel like i may have smoked crack and dropped acid. wtf
 this nigga who sold me weed once came through in a cop uniform im so shook lol like damn yall r opps 
 francisco is really giving me a lecture cause i smoke 
 so i pull up to bro and he says dude do you smoke weed i dont want your money  this guy just gave me two fat gs  trying to sell it
 boy you caint smoke thats why you was was so high folding the dishes when you got home lmfaoooo 
 @ryamidon so much smoke
 i just got my car and i wasnt even the first person to smoke in it
 i want to punch people in the face that smoke with their child in the car.
 of you dont like my fire  then dont come around ben harper  talking bout staying away for our weed you backwards mother fuckers. resist
 this weed nigga is getting cut off completely. nigga owe me 5 for 3 days amp want me to come to him instead of him coming to me 
 while i sit back and smoke gelato
 once i get that job where its time for me to make bread fuck this smoking shit lol . i dont smoke but weed isnt bad for you. its ur mind
 i have to study each painting for a long time.i dont like this process at all. i get stressed and go smoke cigs.
 the other day my weed doctor told me i drink too much
 im just trying to smoke some dope 
 we was talking about weed in class today and natayla goes just ask jolena im like dont ask me shit 
 everyone at the table at bww smell like weed waitress smiles real big you guys smell amazing 
 if you dont smoke i dont know why
 i needa try some kick boxing classes or some shit just to release some fucking stress cause weed isnt cutting it for me
 i need some turtle weed 
 tryna smoke amp chill while bumping futures new shit .
 do you ever think wow i got a dm i wonder what they said and then it be a picture of weed or pills with a caption lmk shit makes me mad
 its 2017 and kids still think its cool to smoke cigarettes and do drugs  nah
 or a nigga that smoke weed amp play madden or 2k all day need a bad bitch becuase he dont fuck wit ugly hoes 
 or a nigga that smoke weed amp play madden or 2k all day need a bad bitch because he dont fuck wit ugly hoes 
 if a bitch want smoke ima give her cancer and chemo fuck with me
 @bentonmaass11 i didnt know your girl smokes backwoods nowshe get em at the smoke shop bumass
 you be ugly as shit tryin smoke while u crying u can keep dat ion wan hit it no mo
 i just want to smoke
 swear these niggas dont want no smoke  shout to 21 savage when i quote that quote 
 what the fuck is all these peoples problems with weed and other drugs like  i dont know why they brag its not so 
 i dont smoke but i do drink ... this is us ... yup harlem baby @ 
 if you dont pay for your own weed...dont tell me shit about weed rookie 
 @csydelko if its a weed vape it dont count 
 why does every white person 50 years or older smoke out of these metal pipes someone pls explain 
 yall not really smokers 
 @barrett19joel i would smoke crack with you
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 random guy on @martaservice you want some weed  me no.  man how about some doritos  me ...no.
 yes having your profile picture be of you smoking weed will definitely help in the future find a job amp make you look good. hatemygeneration
 my dad rl trynna get me high  like son i do not smoke anymore
 i dont smoke crack i just have eczema on my eyelids 
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang.
 roll so much weed with my feet up .. we dont come in last
 @breyonna dont want no more smoke in 
 but if i ask someone to smoke
 theres so many people i want to smoke with lmao
 ill smoke with whoever brings me a shell
 i smoke too fucking much 
 nobody believes me when i say i dont smoke or drink anymore
 my goal in life has always been to become an opiate addict. took the first step and bought some weed today. thanks @presssec
 how tf are you a drug dealer but you smoketake all your shit thats not dealing  thats money down the drain
 you even been on real drugs so hard you get scared weed isnt going to do anything for you anymore
 tcmparty smoke em if you got em
 this sober shit trash i cant wait to take this damn drug test so i can smoke again
 ryan says  can we smoke before we eat   me is that even a question 
 niggas who let females hold them back dont really want smoke
 its the healthiest way to smoke weed overheard at @4handsbrewery 
 i couldnt ever date someone who smokes cigs. 
 i got that732 all on my jersey where niggaz smoke u if u gettin to the money  my brother died from theese streets but i still luv em 
 i had a drink   yeah i smoked   you think i need you i dont   i dont do this unless im high or drunk but i need you in my life 
 we dont take ls  we smoke em.
 im dope baby you could smoke me
 still straight wit the weed and the liquor these days cause the new drugs got the kids trippin these days
 how you claim to sell weed but dont know what a dub is 
 im trying to save money and not smoke but 
 why does nobody ever want to smoke with me 
 stop blowing smoke up peoples asses who dont deserve it 2k17
 smoking weed recreational.  i dont care what any person from the far right says. i work a stressful job and have the right to relax.
 we use to smoke and listen to future we dont even talk now
 i dont smoke weed but you can say im high on something.
 smoking weed dont do nothing but stress me out even more now 
 so what we get drunk so what we smoke weed were just having fun we dont care who sees
 let me roll my rapper weed
 they think they slick like they didnt keep our weed to smoke it fucking faggots  yall aint said nothing bout that shit
 i want sasquatch to sell me weed in a dimly lit dennys parking lot 
 enough serious shit 4 2nite im off 2 watch @superiordonuts. . .  about trust  its because i smoke weed  isnt it. gawd  im in luv
 he smoke so much damn weed he forgot about me anyways 
 @femalesfortrump decriminalize marijuana declassify it as a narcotic but dont legalize it
 @dysinger i strongly disagree. i dont think it has control of us voting  but theres too much smoke between trump and russia.
 who wants to smoke with me when i get off work lol
 i aint even smokin weed. im smokin fruits 
 kd threw some smoke at shaq lol 
 might just smoke some loud and  make some beats for no reason cause somehow my life got flipped upside down and people only want me to rap
 i dont care who isnjtbs being me a smokes
 dmx still smokes crack 
 i know like shit im not gunna have a bag of weed chillin on our lap while we get pulled over lol 
 i will smoke anybody in 2k with the raptors
 i dont need fuckin weed or pills bitch. i want my damn money back smfh. never again man im over this bullshit
 she wan smoke my dope  aye let her smoke my dope  aye
 people like this kill my high amp are the ones i dont smoke with anymore  
 im always surprised that ppl actually smoke crack and its just not a thing from the media 
 why did i drink so much and smoke so much ohhhh
 niggas that dont smoke  dont bother me 
 had to pull up on the only person i can stand rn ... smokey lol i walk in and he playing future  i love him 
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 @kyieiowry @nba carrol doesnt want that smoke
 who wants to come smoke weed amp make out
 i just want to know if you find pleasure in pain ..have you ever did it in the rain. do you like d bois do smoke mary jane
 thats called a wake a bake bro lol i smoke my self to sleep errynight  
 how the fuck yall even smoke this shit 
 what the fuck is this tweet you make no sense i want what hes smoken 
 exactly  dont be distracted   stay focused   and know this is all smoke to hide the truth. 
 @realdonaldtrump marijuana is medicine  think smart... be a business man. give these people in pain marijuana think  think  think
 @realdonaldtrump please dont crackdown on the legal weed sir   thank u   even though i know u dont smoke or eat it
 the better let me smoke cigs during reconnections 
 wake up smoke dope
 me makes weed joke cleo are you trying to say im not talented
 1 if they chew tobacco  smoke cigarettes or black and milds.
 smoke better weed 
 jenna i gotta get smokes me dont smoke its bad for your pores   @jfiannaca
 @mailonline get this fake ass 1980s war on drugs shit the fuck out of here marijuana causes brain damage jeffsessions ass motha fuckas
 amp i only asked if he wanted to smoke cause my nails long amp i cant roll by myself like dont get to happy boo
 ...its all smoke screens and mirrors. trump does not want you to focus on his russian ties and how they tampered with our election.
 trump needs to take a big fucking step back if he tries to fuck with marijuana laws.  does he have no idea how much its helped people
 my life is a poor excuse of human existence lmaooo. like all my money goes to weed or alcohol. whyyyy 
 @potus @realdonaldtrump  i dont drink alcohol  i dont smoke cigarettes or marijuana  i support legalization and taxation of marijuana.
 i be smokin rapper weed wit my gang.
 stfu i dont smoke that nasty shit anyway 
 i have weed  money  and the house to myself all day but instead of throwing a party or whatever im buying 2 footlong subways and crying
 everyplace that we go they say we cant smoke but we do anyways cause real gs smoke when they want
 like all i do is wanna do is smoke if i cant roll up ya weed for you in the morning while we watching tv  you not for me i love smoking.
 she rollin weed and she dont even smoke ..
 if u think weed is a drug and not savior im not someone who wants to be around u
 cant wait til im in a lil dumb ass relationship and were making money smoking weed and roasting eachother all day bro
 men really swear smoking weed is a deal breaker for them. yet  they still fuck with me after saying that. 
 @katzvilla shit dont do nothing. its like a sharp pain on my left side. and when i smoke cigs it gets worse
 my little sisters just yelled make money  smoke skunky  fuck bitches... plz just fucking stop 
 ma auntie gets mad because i smoke but she doesnt talk to any of us when we tell her she drinks too much 
 buying weed on the right 
 im a smart smoker dont get me wrong...
 this guy  reducing marijuana use is essential to improving the nations health  education  and productivity. 
 man i would have so much shit if i didnt spent all my damn money on weed
 all this fucking dope all this fucking smoke
 you expect free beats but you spend money on weed everyday. you clearly dont care about investing into your music career
 good day for turtles. duck weedcovered turtles @ sea pines forest preserve 
 if i could smoke yk id be gassed up i dont like drinking
 i smoked so much yesterday that i dont think i want to smoke today at all.
 she once smoked my dope... aye let her smoke my dope aye
 i trust weed because it grows naturally. nothing is done to it unlike manufactured drugs. i dont trust them. @suellen6786 @bigdaddycane420
 girls who smoke crack gtgt
 i think for a career i want to study the usage of marijuana throughout history lol
 cash my check buy some weed and pay my rent fuck lmao
 dont get me wrong i dont fw grease usually at all  but indian hemp is the truth
 i want smoke in 
 you cant buy shit round this time mfs be like he must be got his tax money.. got damn its only a bag of weed
 administrations dont spend time chasing down false stories ... wheres theres smoke theres a russiagate. dont 
 @sevensantana lol ion have to im set ion pay rent pay a mortgage . i smoke weed not crack .
 if u smoke woods n dont rinse em... u a nasty mf splishsplash
 trump wants to make gay weed illegal again
 dont ask me me if i remember something  cause i smoked so many blunts after that and fucked around forgot  
 dont eat the whole edible just cause you dont taste weed 
 if you give heroin addicts cannabis paid for by medicare  they are less likely to commit violent crimes.
 only reason i dont smoke is because im too scared to be high.
 this is inaccurate because weed isnt a drug. 
 you kant smoke my dope no
 the niggas tryna beef w chink is bitches. they dont want smoke. plus yall crying over a bitch
 @brianmctaggart these dudes have to smoke pot...
 you how much weed do you smoke me 
 fuck yeah bro weed is so tight
 im always solo hop out the whip nd im dolo dont nun of these niggas want no smoke
 i just want my grandmother to ask why i stop breastfeeding. im gone tell her straight up i want to smoke so damn bad.
 @jasminereyesxx get high with one hit dont ever smoke with her
 when people say marijuana is a gateway drug.. like i never smoke then think aye  know what would really get me hig 
 when people say weed is a gateway drug.. like i never smoke then think aye  know what would really get me high  cr 
 boy you smell like hella weed  try tellin me somein i dont know @currensyspitta 
 amp nicki dont want no type of street smoke
 sounds like a dope life  takes talent. great money and unlimited weed. who would have time to talk shit 
 him want to do my show about regrets me i regret nothing him werent you a magicians assistant last year me disappears in smokebomb
 @thetempest1980 @libertarianwing i dont smoke or drink. i find that life is easier when i dont try to fix other peoples habits.
 our president thinks marijuana is a gateway to opiates..... 
 yall yeah some things shouldnt be said in rap  it would be cruel and mean  i dont like beyonc..  okay but your mom smokes crack
 guys who smoke weed pls dont kill me stoner twitter 
 im sorry i cant be a feminist i dont smoke weed
 bitch you dont smoke 
 if i eat a lot of edibles  my poo smells like weed so thats a weird thing i discovered
 she swallowed the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 my family always thinks they can give me weed to babysit they bad ass kids. lol no ima need more than that mf.
 amp ima smoker mfs dont be wanting to put in or nothing
 @richhomiejp4l b4 you even buy yo shit you ask around amp hear crickets or mfs be like they dont smoke soon as i roll up you reaching 
 smoking all these weed  cause you know a nigga got issues.
 smoking all this weed  cause you know a nigga got issues.
 lmao nicki chooses her battles wisely. iggy and hanna montana lmfao. she wanted no smoke with kim she doesnt want 
 bih jus texted me asking can she smoke w me i dont even fwu
 if youon have smoke  dont show smoke
 i smoke with a lot of people who dont smoke   its cool tho   some people like to keep they shit lowkey
 this why ion even smoke with niggas nomore  last nigga i smoked with tried to get me to be in a relationship 
 dont nobody want no smoke with remy amp thats facts 
 @jadacomaharris @tehyashanice @pistoll yea baby im bout to smoke a blunt you want tap it
 dont ask twitter  they only smoke mid. hq shit would kill them 
 if aint about pussy   money of weed . dont call my phone   straight up .
 mansion so  rt @joebudden niggas dont want no smoke. 
 i really want nic to smoke remy 
 @zackgrey whats up with that yall cowards dont even smoke crack uhhhh huh whats up with that
 @zackgrey dont even smoke craclk
 remy ma an og lol idk if nicki want that smoke
 @zackgrey dont even smoke crack huuuuu huh
 @zackgrey dont evn smoke crack
 @zackgrey yall cowardz dont even smoke crackl
 im addicted to pussy money weed and alcohol 
 trying to smoke a whole ounce today
 ion smoke no zone bitch i got it on my own
 i just dont get where my weed couldve gone ya know
 why did my mom just buy me cigs. she hates that i smoke.
 my love will always stop at weed. i ain into exploring on drugs lol.
 ion want no negativity inna air i just want og smoke inna air
 my mama love to hide the good cereal in her room like i want some artificial cereal that looks like the man on the box smoke crack .
 boy you want no smoke 
 i just dont know why people talk about me like i really just smoke weed and try to do me as much as possible lol
 @laurie9966 smoke then eat a big meal and tell me you dont lose your high 
 pops ion smoke weed
 dont ever try and out smoke a stoner its not worth it
 @scottadamssays i thought weed is still illegal federally im not a fan of weed personally but dont think the government should control it
 can anybody tell me where dj smokey is at  and that nigga voduz 
 i know this weed gummies lit by how bad i wanna touch that cactus
 the biggest lie ever told is when people sell music equipment and say its been in a smoke free studio
 i need some weed but my pops all in the city
 just had a guy come up to us and ask us if we eat weed. 
 my mom hit me w the its not you smoking thats the problem its just that you smoke so much 
 currently laying in a field of grass smokin weed in some overalls  today is so good
 dont trust somebody who says they dont like the smell of weed
 i smoke so much dope think my lungs missing 
 niggas act like they dont be smokin mid  its 2017 i know i smoke mid and loud
 if you dont call me jo or weedy then i really dont fw 
 i spend 40 on a hoodie.. and have the hoodie forever. spend 40 on a eighth... need more weed in 2 days.
 @ladykillinbuckz @jillroyyy you dont want this smoke lmao welcome to the gang 
 man ion smoke like that lol. how many times i gotta tell you lol 
 people actually think weed is worse than alcohol  
 i dont know a single weed guy with good customer service
 dont mind my bros smoking weed  but as soon as you pull out a cig we not cool no more.
 i dont think any of yall realized how much ganja we had last night 
 message for @chrischristie if you want to stop opioid abuse  make cannabis an alternative. its much better than opioids. but youre prude
 bro i dont smoke enough... and i had two 
 @mydrinkon @ weeds tavern 
 if i didnt smoke as much weed as i do i would save so much money lmao lmao lmao i hate me
 @mydrinkon @ weeds tavern 
 you know when you got a new weed smoker around when you test em and ask who they dealer is and they tell you like umm nah idfwy
 i dont smoke 
 you want some smoke or nah cause the gloves in my trunk 
 when i dont have weed. 
 remy got nicki spooked lol she know whassup barbie dont want smoke witta real gangsta bitch lol
 forget about marijuana. and freedom of the press.  its the russian shit they dont want us to be thinking about amp investigating impeach
 all she want is for you to smoke her out and lay the pipe but you cant even do that
 when she says she doesnt smoke. 
 @matthops82   or dont be the person that smokes cigarettes. its not the cool fad any more.
 shout out to my pops  he just gave me some  and weed lol 
 how are you gonna ask me for money to make rent and then ask for a ride to buy weed..
 never give fobs weed. ever.
 we smoke dope we rap and these hoes we fuck
 when i die ..i dont want yall crying and shit   want yall to put your  drinks up or smoke a blunt for me    eddie vela r.i.p
 nicki wants no smoke with remy ma she lyrically like that and really be in them streets 
 its saturday night i am not getting money i am not smoking weed i am going to do my homework like a big girl
 lifes like a cig  dont smoke it too fast 
 and i dont really smoke weed caused it aint for me 
 niggas rather sit around smoke weed and talk about other niggas all day 
 people sending pics of their weed is just the same as unsolicited dick pics i really dont care how stony bologna you are
 when wiz plays reefer party at okee
 i need a smoke cause boy 
 if anyone wants to hang out maybe smoke amp catch a movie let me know
 i just got offered weed andor cocaine  ...boy dont you tempt me with a good time 
 please stop thinking youre flirting with me by asking me if i smoke. no i dont smoke amp your breath stinks
 he dont want no smoke 
 how many cigs do i have to smoke in a row to die
 you dont need to smoke weed or drink to have fun 
 i was just told that because i smoke weed i dont have any goals or plans in life yea ur right i forgot 
 and its not that booty weed yall used to smoking 
 that lets smoke crack and make raps together type love gtgtgtgt 
 @deiontasmall  i land on the ass of nicki minaj eat that pink pussy like its fridaybust one  roman reload  then smoke to sade kdot
 the only people i avoid is family  which she still spotted me out in .2 seconds. bitch  im tryna smoke and enjoy my goddaughters bday  lol
 guess ill never be better than a pothead.... so since i dont smoke weed im not good enough
 bucking on these niccas like im smoking weed on probation  
 my weed man in fucking dallas bro
 bucking on these niccas like im smoking weed on probation  
 they really want me to smoke  yall nah
 everybody smokes youre a rebel if you dont 
 man idek why i tweet this shit out none yall smoke like that anyways 
 my mom just asked me if i smoke weed. do you think i would fail a drug test
 dont feel special .. i just dont want to smoke alone 
 you dont want no smoke  
 yall really out here just waisting weed 
 bad advice from me that works when in a funk go spend money you dont have on large amounts of weed and youll feel better
 after smoke a little smoke @ericchurch took a shot then threw the bottle  what  a g
 ashley finna press me so bad ima smoke a square
 might just say fuck it and smoke myself into a coma with ryan   actually adult tomorrow  who knows
 my bestfriend amp i been going through so much shit. i had to smoke her out tonight
 dont give me no bammer weed starts playing 
 who wants to smoke
 @matthanks1       i dont smoke.
 i havent even been watching a lot of shows where ppl smoke i just want a cigarette
 dont stress over me baby boy smoke dopeee
 i just want to smoke god damn
 i just want to smoke
 let her smoke my dope
 i need weed so yall dont want my money huh
 please stop tryna smoke with me... i dont even smoke annoying ass 
 @shaynaiscool i dont know anyone  no transportation and i honestly dont want to smoke but im craving really fucking bad
 so people are really linking up to smoke crack
 she didnt even hit it tho  bitch wasting weed and peoples time with this shit 
 all i do is work  make money  smoke weed  and love my dog...life is perfect
 if ion smoke ima be 38
 dont offer me no drugs  weed  alcohol  or hmu to do hood rat shit because im trying to be a good guy and get a 4.0 gpa.
 people be so surprised when i tell em i dont smoke im like this retardedness is all natural 
 my mood went from great to  i dont even feel like going to get this damn weed
 if you go to uncc dont try to sell me your dirt weed.
 popeyes  weed  hub lager  and the timbers. life is good.
 ill probably always drink beer 247.. but you know  at least i dont.. smoke cocaine or anything
 kill she might fuck round amp get smoked in real life fuck a rap beef 
 got a lot of weed smoking to take care of 2nite smh
 if future bae is a smoker...dont smoke around me  dont smell like smoke...amp dont ever try to kiss me after smoking without brushing
 for my birthday  i really just want to smoke a fatty  cash out at the thrift store amp chillll
 my nigga i need a blunt and i dont even smoke.
 when a cute boy tells you he dont smoke 
 young rich nigga smokin weed when i wanna
 i really want to smoke.
 but you dont smoke..... 
 dont ever tell a atlanta nigga he smoke mid 
 @cristinaabbyy fair enough. i dont smoke either but a blunt sounds nice too 
 @hoodrichjose i want smoke 
 if you want smoke over the internet dont even talk to me
 lets smoke some weed  lets smoke some alcohol.  you sound like a wiz khalifa song. @skelly14 @ethan
 bro if we smoking and you pull out a bong  bowl or tryna smoke out of water bottles dont pass that shit to me annoying ass nigga
 you saying you want smoke 
 ima smoke as long and as much as i  want ... im on the top of my shit so dont tell me nothing .
 bro i be thinking these smokers the boys lol
 everyone tries to smoke me up and i dont smoke
 why do girls get so much free weed lmao
 they say weed is a gateway drug i disagree 
 dont give me no hammer weed  we dont smoke that shit in the lbc
 its like coffee beer and beef jerky  drinking a smoked stout by @bellsbrewery at @bellsbrewery   
 look at all this green grass doesnt it make you want to smoke some weed 
 your a bum nigga if you ever ask me to chip in for weeddo it look like i chip in for weed try again....
 we smoke straight dope  aint no seeds in it
 dont understand why people be tryna smoke helly blunts in one session.. like lets spread this out tf i need 10 blunts for
 i dont have enough weed to roll and im sad
 i dont have the urge to drink or smoke anymore 
 i dont smoke or drink so stop hitting me up 
 she dont smoke cigarettes and i dont wear cheap cologne 
 i want crawfish  weed  and my baby rn
 you know im sick when im in bed before 1 and cant even smoke
 i smoke weed swishers
 i smoke too much 
 how do yall get so much weed
 i need a fuckin blunt and i dont even smoke or like weed.
 ppl give weed the craziest name just to hype it up like  i just copped some eddie guerrero  nigga what...he died 
 the correct way to smoke swishers 
 idk how females smoke cigs  thats so ugly 
 someone tried to get me to pay them 30 to get me some weed... like im getting an 8th which is 25 amp this person wants 30 just to get it
 first 48 amp dope smoke
 i want beef wit anybody ion give a fuck .. i want smoke
 you do kinda look like you smoke crack aint even gon lie  
 @monicaaaa @curiouscatme lol how do i look like i smoke crack
 @davidm23s wants to smoke a blunt but i dont smoke so message him... just doing him a solid
 cleeze amp comedians.  @meeshelmybell amp @slimstable @ ivy city smokehouse tavern amp market 
 how do i get munchies but dont even smoke 
 stop demonizing weed or i will demonized the fuck outta you how else do you think i made it this far dont fuck with my medicine i bite
 me to my friend fuck smoking cigs is normally a turnoff for me because ive tried it and it was gross but idc that heath smokes
 what about a marijuanadown for crack 
 what about a marijuanadown on recreational crack  
 @whitehouse just wants a lot of  busywork and smokescreens while it systematically destroys checks and balances. 
 @weirdmoviebros grass you mean  marijuana lord  have mercy. is that what that is llemmee see that. marijuana  
 just say yes to weed 
 i make my own money so i spend it how i want bitch idgaf ill spend it on all weed fuck u mean mind yo business
 @pouyalilpou ay homie this fool @spiceofficial keeps saying that you drugs an shit. i just dont believe that. do you smoke or sip lean
 if anyone has suggestions for good documentaries to watch  plz dont be shy if they are on medical marijuana  even better k go
 dont give me no bammer weed
 me amp my boyfriend got goals yall bitchesniggas just fuck amp smoke 
 how the hell are you about to smoke crack in a world market bathroom. bitch we classy
 if chiefing fogsstunts your mind  rather than opening it.... i probably dont want to smoke with you
 i dont smoke but damn 
 which isnt a lot to a stoner of course but for someone who doesnt ever smoke thats a lot
 im just tryin to smoke 
 the dopest dope ive eva smoked
 i dont smoke any more and i know if i smoked even a couple puffs my ass would be high as fuck feeling dead.
 who got weed maps in la
 when theres nothing else going on in life i just go buy backwoods amp smoke myself into a coma.
 i have a bunch of cigarettes but i refuse to smoke em
 new plug on the smoke
 who sell weed at dillard man 
 now im buying weed on some grown shit  when i say grown im talkin bout the man who grows it....
 now i get drunk and im smoke weed and poppin pills all the time.  she said that she wanna suck me off  i dont mind.
 im tryna roll up.. who got the weed
 i just dont understand the need that people have to drink and smoke
 the drug addict per my report is also practicing paganism  using unwanted surveillance and shooting heroin and crack and weed and coke
 god i made the and  everything good  so im smoking my cs and weed and sniffing so tell my bitches dont worry lord its a reason for all shit
 who wants to smoke
 one can read the future by smoking marijuana.
 oh so a blunt is the worst way to smoke weed people. just saying  and you alredy do it plus more so 
 up still smokin rapper weed
 i want smoke
 gotta go work in like 4 hours and all i really want to do is just smoke and drink my life away 
 ion see how ppl smoke blacks. they stink .
 i want to tell her how much i appreciate her being in my life but yet i feel like i would just annoy her so imma just smoke instead
 i dont smoke due to the fact that if i want another job that pays better and they give me a drug then i will fail 
 @106andspark i know smh and i dont even smoke anymore  its just natural at this point
 ima make em smoke a bowl lmao
 @kutharbacha i honestly dont even know how i became this way i used 2 smoke so much and now its unbearable
 regrann from @jrdukes     hushmoney   regrann @ smokehouse beatsi made this for you 3ft 
 @johnmayer there are better thinks to smell and toke i mean smoke
 i be smokin rapper weed wit my gang
 up and at em this morning. pork shoulder on the smoker and some articles coming to life.
 i want to smoke rn but dont feel like rolling this wood 
 tobacco industry cigarettes dont kill. only if you smoke them.  nra guns dont kill. only if you shoot them.
 all niggas are scum i dont want to hang with no males even if your gonna smoke me out. no
 is it gay or yea  i dont knw i dont  smoke hookah i smoke gas weed marijuana loud kush 
 lol that better include some food and weed. even then thats not a date lol we just hanging out
 becky texts back sooo fast when i ask to smoke
 drug dealers and drug addicts is 126 grams of weed enough for significant jail time or something
 i just want to sit down w all my homies 34 chill laugh drink smoke we dont even have to smoke or drink and just vibe 
 yeah no kidding you take like 5 bars or weed brownies every weekend  id say far from innocent 
 the hangover cure method of 1 water  2 weed 3 sex  4 food  5 weed  is always a win  throw weights in there if u want also and youre good
 you dont have to drink roll  smoke or snort to rave. some of the most euphoric experiences can occur by the plur 
 wrong. weed isnt the only the thing that makes me happy ampbuying something doesnt always make me feel better. 
 you dont have to move to dallas to smoke hookah and drink henny at a club. just so yall know.
 no stress  dont smoke cess
 i smoke then do my make up
 dolph smoke gelato aint no way yall killing him
  that hood sour  glad i dont smoke anymore 
 when you have that much weed  you have to convert that into ounces lol. my math teacher always stressed simplificat 
 issa shame how the media portrays marijuana as something bad like it aint ever kill nobody lmao amp he obviously sup 
 i cant have no howard nigga all they wanna do is smoke my weed they dont want me to study and succeed bruh
 im 100 certain the dude i marry will smoke cigarettes like if hes a true balkan man he will amp i dont want any less than a real balkanac
 she swallowed the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato 
 i smoke way more than u do  congratulations its not a competition
 yeah put me in a coma  smoke the loud and put me in a coma
 @mikejordanfor6 facts nicki dont want no smoke remy ma wld smack tht ho
 i just need someone to smoke and jam out with  is that tooo much to ask for goddammit
 i just need someone to smoke and jam out with  is that tooo much to ask for goddammit
 why do people make such a big deal about weed 
 i feel shitty. i didnt even drink that much or smoke that much
 please dont smoke around me if its not loud ninoman
 how i smoke that much weed in 2 days
 if you smoke cigarettes im sorry but stay away from me .
 ... so lets focus on marijuana shall we 
 i dont smoke squares but if i was offered a cigar right now i wouldnt decline. some  also as well.
 im feeling that kind of stress that makes me smoke more and study less.
 heroine is deadly   marijuana not so much.  which drug do you think trump government will go after next 
 almost every @nfl nfl player smokes weed. i dont even care anymore  why is that even news that an athlete does.
 you a drug so call me smokey
 nothing makes me happy than smoking weed idc
 if yall had as much money as matt elam  most of yall woulda had more than 100 grams of weed on you too
 @tenaeeboo damn i was knocked out  weed coma
 i still get dick i still smoke cigs i still dont give a f bout shit like dis 
 @michealr @leighalei hell na  weed so good you can smoke it forever but see that other shit drugs you can od on
 @businessinsider the first statement of the new attorney general good people dont smoke marijuana.
 i dont even smoke amp it irks me when bitches be tryna be cute with a blunt.
 ion even feel the need to smoke weed anymore lbs
 bitch dont want no smoke 
 ima smoke that kill till that mf kill me.
 i feel like weed edibles dont do shit to me
 when you and ya homie listen to wiz khalifa and fuck w his vision but neither of you smoke... 
 rosie is so obsessed with 420 but she doesnt even smoke 
 my dad says kendrick you need to stop smoking weed and get a good job pops im only 19 im trynna get blowed my nigga
 atty gen session wants to incr use of private prisons amp wants to crack down on harmless pot smokers even in states 
 i gain weight when i smoke then its gone after 2 days of not smoking  i dont get it
 dont u love it when kids from your 1st grade hit you up trynna sell u xannies and weed
 i will never understand how females can smoke or do any kind of drugs while they are pregnant
 when buying weed in montreal we dont do cash exchanges unless in a private place. we run tabs and pay them when theres no marijuana around
 if you smoke cigs you will get a hole in ur throat and have to sing out of a banjo dont smoke cigs
 im single yall dont listen to smoke 
 i dont get why ppl smoke cigs... i just have no desire to look 120 when im 40
 yall dont understand i need weed to go to class  i get a panic attack and stressed without it 
 i smoke too much weed  lol   weed always makes me horny and happy lol 
 @dayvarela ah   smoke crack much
 i miss people being able to smoke in bars. i dont smoke anymore  but a smokey bar just feels right.
 all i want to do rn is smoke some fucking weed
 she dont want no smoke lol 
 dont tell me the weed i give u isnt good bc chances are ill be out  in the future .... 
 been gaining big weight since i havent smoked 
 i smoke the loud like nicotine  talk drugs amp i record it
 whoa dude you smoke weed on snapchat youre so cool bro
 rip to all the cigarettes i buy but dont get to smoke 
 me when im pregnant  dont smoke within 500 ft of me quit yelling my baby can hear that dont talk to me like that im pregnant
 good work  christine. boomers nostalgic for their college days dont realize marijuana is much differentdangerous 
 like weed or like harder drugs like meth and cocaine 
 they dont want no smoke tho lol 
 courtney just sent me a video saying legal weed oh shit @ katt like fuck off
 lmao rt.  but he dont like when i smoke.
 yall be making me mad asf spend yall money on weed and dont inhale it bunch of fake ass smokers 
 @angelperez7 @sirmikecrayton @shannonsharpe what is dope then ive only ever heard people mean weed when they say dope.
 malls are trash this is why i spend all my money on weed
 always knew dolph was gonna be someone when his girl said he owed her and he said  bitch owe u what what u want some weed
 cmon man you dont want no smoke man on bd  
 sonic the hedgehog is real i bought weed from him once
 sold a car to a dummy plug lol nigga had the firest weed ever im mad i couldnt try it out 
 you dont want no smoke and im a sniper lil nigga 
 you know they say not to smoke during your pregnancy  but idk i think its starting to rub off on him cause now hes so cool
 i know im in la when he says i like my weed from the shop because i know its sustainably grown
 smoke weed erryday
 orlando weedmans are the worst ever i swear to god they trash as fuck
 who want to smoke a wood
 youre making 2m a year and still want to sell weed i dont understand 
 your policies drive marijuana trade underground amp be worse drug cartels  kill jobs and the economic value added 
 dont talk to me till i smoke.... hey yall 
 some days i find myself so stressed out that i feel i need a smoke break and i dont even smoke
 you can sell crack dope weed pills you can rob people shit you can even get a job  just dont sit there and be broke 
 you dont want no smoke no cancer baby
 finally got my mom and pops on the weed band wagon. luckily i can make another batch f cookie
 i just want to slam a bottle of hendricks amp chain smoke a pack of butts right now..
 when im around too much cigarette smoke my eyes start to water so bad.
 saying no to dabs is so much harder then saying no to weed
 @know i just came back from paris and was somewhat disappointed. everyone smokes so much  rudeness everywhere. ill be visiting japan soon.
 fuck no i dont want them to legalize weed lmao week that shit illegal run the cost up make it hard to get pleeeease
 if your boyfriend shits me on weed  im beating your ass babygirl  wanna play with me money watch me play w ya hoe 
 dense weed  posing a g as 1.52 gs and turning a 10 profit  yall knew that tho
 who tryin to smoke a blunt
 dont get smoked 600breezy is a good one 
 i dont know whats more addicting.. mcdonalds... or marijuana
 i tried to smoke with zay nigga was like i dont want to smoke no more lmao 
 some lady just came in and ask me if we sold pipes to smoke meth out of 
 @rondo @indianacolie man she dont want no real smoke with remy 
 this man been waiting on my feedback on his weed. amp i actually dont want to smoke at all lol fool got to hit it
 i dont even smoke like that and i feel like getting high right now... then i would eat a bunch and just schleeeep
 i just want to smoke some weed and spent like 1 hour in the shower
 i want to beat a nigga up who want smoke with me 
 seeing lots of smoke maybe from downtown  hard to tell. anyone know
 did i really even cook if the smoke alarms dont go off
  no he always giving me loud cause all he smoke is zone so he just wants to know 
 @lyssamirandaa we dont even smoke donte always looks like that
 im just tryin to smoke on the beach rn i dont know about u
 maybe i should have not smoked now i dont want to make these taquitos 
 who wants to smoke hurry
 @monicamarieee wait. you dont actually think i smoke do you
 @jamellesanders @billgeorge ....where the weed lol...this job situation  dont look too good lol
 went to go buy smokes and as im taking out my id  the cashier said nah bro youre good  you look like 30.  bitch how i have red hair.
 all some girls do now a days is smoke weed  drink beer and act like dudes.
 still waiting on that weed man bro  
 i dont get why people need weed and alcohol to have a good time
 im shook at how much weed i can legally purchase.
 i dont smoke  2 years and counting lol 
 @promiselxnd i care about my hygiene more than weed
 why you flexing boy you dont want no smoke
 i literally dont sleep well unless ive smoked before bed or drank alcohol and i pass out and i dont want that to be my life.
 @420wives so wouldnt i  alcohol makes some people very mean and sometimes sad and it can kill you unlike cannabis marijuana
 she swallow the bottle when i sit back and smoke gelato
 if you ever think youre bad with money i just bought 4 lighters cause i thought they looked cool. i dont smoke
 not smoking weed makes me so much better. 
 @connorpfeff do you even smoke bro
 shoutout all the weed man in the world yall make my life way better shoutout yall
 dont smoke cigs anymore. but i still love second hand smoke.
 i dont like girls that smoke me  
 the drug companies are evil.  they dont want legal weed because then they cant get people addicted on oxycontin  
 i really cant stand these white boys who are out here posting vids of them smoking weed  weigh 102lbs  amp have the audacity to say nigga
 smokin weed vibin  
 if youre going to hmu trying to match or smoke dont roll a toothpick.. i barely smoke so dont you disrespect me like that 
 ive done some fucking terrible things. thats why i smoke weed so much. my wise coworker
 girls who smoke cigs are icky...
 ive done pretty much every drug and i can honestly say i dont like smoking weed amp it does nothing 4 me 
 some yall be abusing weed.. like it really shouldnt be necessity of an everyday life unless you actually have a reason to.
 how do yall smoke ur weed 
 ho boy. i need a cigarette after @getoutmovie. and i dont even smoke. wheeeeeww.....
 the only thing i want to do is smoke but im scared im gonna make myself worse
 smoking drugs is not good. marijuana is the gateway drug.   my mom
 you gotta be an annoying mf for the weedman to not want your clientele
 @alllyz yeah  i know  what i dont understand is how long thatll last the average weed smoker. 
 sleepin on a boat. wake up take dope aye. you dont want no smoke. nigga dont want no starch.
 i dont smoke cause only mother natures fresh air can get me high 
 @princesspoppin l you got thirstiest thats typical lame nigga with weed but im talking annoyingaf. i dont want your money annoying
 if u dont have nothing going for yourself all u do is sit around and smoke w yo niggas all day dont even bother to try to fwm ..
 if he smokes cigarettes i dont want him. 
 i smoke at work too much
 @vannagotthecake lol my bad i dont want no smoke
 i tell everyone im going back to new york and they talking about having cyphs and shit and im like i dont even smokeeee
 i think im the only person who dont smoke weed
 i aint going no mf where but to smoke the shower and mf bed  i be sleepy man
 always calling me for money tryna smoke my loud  
 a female who smokes od is son in my opinion 
 if you dont pay for the hookitz can you smoke
 i dont know if it makes a difference if its medical or not  maybe its how im smoking it. but niggas swear weed helps with asthma. 
 i dont have a mobile phone  still using smoke signals.
 just cause you sell weed dont make you no real nigga.
 dont ask me why i smoke. i dont own anybody a explanation as to why i do the things i do  worry bout ya self.
 im not physically dependant on weed but at the same time i am like  i dont crave it or spend all my money on it but i need it to eat 1
 a cop catch ya smokin and he says no way that hypocrite smokes 2 packs a day
 she dont smoke but she light it up for me.
 im sad and i still dont have weed 
 i really dont feel like doing anything except smoke amp sleep
 who wants to party with me cocaine pills and weed
 @ironkid i dont smoke 
 anybody want to take bets on the probability that seth rogens movie about the walmart receipt will somehow involve weed theoscars
 i dont really smoke cigarettes guys 
 amp i smoke more weed than a mf rasta amp i pop more drugs than a mf rockstar.
 lali be smoking too much weed man. @alysiarosado
 i only rock designer  smoke exotic 
 bsa weed from a bsa turtle 
 i smoke as much as @wizkhalifa dis shit crazy 
 if all you do is smoke all day   i dnt want ya 
 everytime a chick smokes with me   they always ask whats the name of the weed cuz i always have the fire.
 damn i really dont got nobody to smoke with. hell i woulda payed for the weed lol
 people used to tell me i dont look like i smoke or do drug either.
 them shits can kill you bro. thas why i tell people leave them shits alone. stick to ya weed . 
 since i cant smoke  i have consumed so much alcohol these past two months i dont kno whr my 
 i dont smoke or drink cause thats a waste of my money
 woods be hitting but i only smoke woods when im w a guy .. ion smoke swishers though 
 i love weed so much 
 i smoke too much weed
 they way 2017 is shaping up if i dont smoke i might just kill my self
 smokin rapper weed w my gang
 people ask if i wanna smoke. is that even a question
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 and i dont smoke weed but its true 
 dont smoke no more but fuck it 
 if you talking free  dont talk to me  unless its about money or a bag of weed 
 i feel like the coke i snort the weed i smoke the aspirin i pop amp caffeine i consume is all to just speed@up the process to my grave...
 i feel like the coke i snort the weed i smoke the aspirin i pop amp caffeine i drink is all to just speed up the process to my grave...
 all i do is smoke weed im covered up w double gs.
 finna roll this g up cause ion smoke .5s 
 thats really brazy nobody wanted to smoke with me. yall weedmen aint even wanna make no quick cheese yall strange as fuck blooc
 dont smoke either lol 
 she rolling weed and she dont even smoke
 i love when people think i care that they know i smoked..your point
 @lsquaas thats what im saying man. not even cause i use marijuana. ive seen opioids do some awful things to people i love.
 bout to be the first ever marijuana od lmao 
 im trynna grow witchu and smoke gas witchu
 yeah im getting told stuff i did that i dont remember doing last weekend im really dont with the extra shit im just a smoker now 
 who tryin to smoke
 either i just smoked some good shit  or you can now zoom in on instagram...why didnt i know this
 its always been a dream of mine to smoke with this dude.@sethrogen 
 i will never understand why people smoke around their babies
 oh yes i love her like pussy money weed
 @bucksexton why dont you invite me on your show to discuss lets get in the weeds on what the aclu actually does and nuns on birth control
 nonweed smokers act like its a crack addiction
 gone amp rolling stone by the weeknd make me want to smoke 5 blunts at once
 i got soo damn high today. i dont even smoke lol my eyes were damn near shut
 so is im the only person that dont smoke 
 i know someone in my apartment complex sells weed i can feel it in my spirit. i gotta start being social.
 fuck. this is why i dont smoke
 tobacco makes me nauseous and weed just makes me lazy. i guess ill try crack.
 i dont smoke no more but who trinna match 
 my dad thinks i spent my check on weed like no tf i didnt  
 my girl  my smoke both exotic
 dont smoke crack at the dabathon  cali @ san bernardino  california 
 you dont want no smoke 
 @sethrogen hes goat when it comes to special events. lets smoke bro 
 i dont know if its the weed or the limited mention of trump but the oscars this year is delightful. thank you @jimmykimmel resist idiots
 caring about people who only care about themselves is like being happy for the police when they find your weed.
 we live for weed and money
 dont nobody want that smoke in 2k @hillstock6
 nigga you dont smoke 
 i just want to smoke 
 i cant take the local weed man serious anymore 
 i dont cuss   smoke   drink   sneak out   or have sex .. lol damn anyone wanna introduce me to their parents
 i dont even get high off of blunts im in the big leagues now weed that shit snoop be puffing on
 @naio5 fuck da swishers an dutchies i only smoke woods
 amp i smoke weed. that does not make me a person without morals. i still take care of my responsibilities
 still a strong believer that you should be able to do whatever you want to yourself. sell your body go ahead. smoke do it. kill yourself
 i already kno ima want to go to cannabis cup jamaica for christmas
 i wish i never met aaron... he did nothing but sell drugs  smoke meth and be a complete idiot while we dated. worst mistake of my life 
 trying to save a half way smoked cigarette by putting it out with your hands is the most numetal shit ever haha.
 should i give up argileh for lent...ugh idk i dont even smoke it everyday 
 i dont want you to smoke awww how caring 
 i just cannot smoke anymore 
 if i didnt smoke so much id probably have a sleeve by now............
 when people tell me i smoke too much amp it isnt cute . i dont do it to be cute   i do it to be high as a kite amp me no care
 shes asks to go through your phone  i ask you to roll my weed 
 my values and morals arent good enough because i smoke weed. fuck whoever thinks thats. i know im doing what i need to.
 man my night aint complete if ion smoke a blunt
 alcohol is better than weed dont @ me
 spent my whole damn advance on some fucking weed
 i dont think ive ever smoked this much in my life im not even alive anymore lol
 i want violadavis saying oh captain my captain to play at my weeding. birth of 1st child amp my funeral. thanks.
 dont make me smoke up all your kush  dont make me pop your cheap ass pills. i used to do this for the thrillllll
 i love how weed is only a gateway drug because its not as bad as everyone said it was when we were younger.
 if i dont smoke it  im eat it lmfao
 im good as long as i got money and weed. 
 @dimplez i needed a cig and i dont even smoke 
 niggas will ask you for weed  blow  and what ever else they need. never ask how you doing or are you ok though
 how much crack do you have to smoke to be on this level 
 stevestevens really shows his shit with vince  he smoked with @billyidol   but on fire with vince 
 niggas that dont even smoke weed be wearing huff clothing like it make em special. ay bro  got some bud ass niggas. smh
 does weed count as veggies 
 do yall check yall weed before yall pull off from the weed man 
 i just want to smoke
 he aint want no smoke 
 your the reason i smoke weed
 i dont smoke crack muthafucka i sell it
 u dont even smoke 
 yall gone think im bullshitting but medical marijuana is actually stronger than some of the weed yall smoke on the regular
 reasons to visit california untouchable like elliot ness bomb ass hemp beat dance floor never empty we know how to party
 ion even match no mo cs ppl dont b smoking pressure.. i might as well smoke one deep 
 its hard for me to sleep if i dont smoke 
 and to think i was juss tryna smoke my weed with you and feed you lol jokess
 im just happy not smokin ganja isnt too bad moneydontbringhappiness
 i see why yall dont do shit but sell weed. this shit easy af 
 to smoke or not smoke before this test 
 @seanspicer do you know the difference between opioid and marijuana  right it wouldnt kill you to fact check at least one thing.
 still up smokin weed
 if you not putting in on the weed dont think you finna hit that shit
 want a tip dont smoke. tcnt
 whats sleep when your neighbor and her man argues all night over her not buying him weed. 
 lmaao i dont b tryin to its the weed 
 smokin the reefer to ease my mind  @ riverwalk park 
 tv   sleep   smoke   shop  
 pediatricians step up warnings about marijuana use by teens 10tv 
 calling your name  its a waste of my breath its like tryin to put smoke back into a cigarette 
 does she smokes crack  run man youre too good for this 
 @realdonaldtrump stay focused create money cannabis is the big casino game boss it has to be center of the room 
 not being able to smoke is making me drink so fucking much.
 not being able to smoke is making me drink so fucking much.
 i feel like some ppl wake up  smoke crack then tweet
 my nigga what are you doing hit the showers and get clean  weed is not life  still much love though for old memories 
 @clarkemicah dope smokers just like any other determinable population  good  bad  smart  stupid  lazy  energetic.
 if you dont smoke and or sell top shelf you and the dude you buy off are not  i repeat not the plug.
 its so funny listening to people talk about smoking that dont smoke. so clueless
 people act so suprise when i say i dont smoke or drink 
 the super big hits and whatnot but also smoke cigarettes  im guessing because those boxes really dont hit the right notes.
 i still dont understand the people that smoke cigarettes but they say theyre healthy. like huh
 no you dont weed makes the  go round 
 you know the weed is good when... 
 lmao dont smoke them now 
 @mmpadellan smoke amp mirrors  look l when he says r up his sleeve when he says nothings there trust me hes about 2 lie honest he already did
 my people  @ smokehouse tavern 
 youre rude if you dont let me smoke in your car.
 i feel like im a differenthappier person when i smoke weed. i hate that i have to be sober  i dont know this side of me. probablytrippin
 i dont smoke as much as i use too
 are you even an international student from the middle east if you dont smoke cigarettes on campus
 yea nicki dont want none of that gun smoke. 
 when they say they dont smoke weed cause its bad for your lungs...but they stay doing coke...what
 might stay in the trump tower for one week spray paint all the walls and smoke weed fuck them and fuck yall and fuck me
 if u smoke cigarettes i kant even look at you
 dont stress me out. smoke me out. 
 @cnn @realdonaldtrump  how hard is it to be smart and shut the whole world up by decriminalization of cannabis  so you can get to your job
 they smoke bogeys on da low 
 whenever i say oh no i dont smoke cigarettes or ive had enough to drink people are shook asf can nobody think for themselves
 make your monday even better with aos connoisseur box. includes 12 ounce of premium cannabis 
 getting more money than that man selling weed ... 
 this admin is really good at smoke and mirrors. we have to focus on the story and not chase shiny distractions trumprussia  dumptrump
 and im always ending up with men who dont smoke as much as me.
 for my debate team give me reasons why marijuana should be legalized
 too much hurt  too early lmao. weed or a psychiatrist yall choose.
 underwater love by smoke city is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 niggas got 5 for some weed but think im crazy when i ask for gas money. you asked me for a ride. foh
 brother in law thinks smoking weed makes him a better person socially  aka egotistic bullshit excuse. sorry bro.
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 but not if you want legal marijuana no marijuana bad 
 its so funny too cause ppl around here get so much bad weed they think average ass weed is gas. its hilarious.
 my moma just found this weed she dont know how to act 
 future nigga dont want no smoke. nigga dont want no starch. 
 i just want to smoke with a pretty girl
 damm i miss smoking weed 
 lmao did @shannonsharpe just call for snoop to throw him some weed on national tv .
 if music and weed cant even make me feel better right now what will  taking suggestions
 all i spend my money on is gold  hair products and weed 
 all i do is smoke weed get money sleep and get money why you mad at me
 i want it to rain while i sit and smoke in my car
 if you drink alcohol  consume caffeine  or cane sugar youre in no position to talk about marijuana being bad for your health facts
 my grandma pays so much for my phone bill holy smokes. thats more then some peoples rent in abq. 
 this inspired me to smoke crack 
 quick to spend money on weed but cant pay all ya renttt.. 
 want to smoke some weed.
 we drink and smoke marijuana  want us to change our ways. uh huh
 @lokolos lol dis why i dont smoke weed no mo cause i be tweakin .. but good lookin cuz ..1k lol
 please dont sell dope if you gotta insecure ass bitch  us females thats just want weed sick of the shit  
 he dont want no smoke  he dont want no static
 people ask why i post incriminating shit on herei dont sell weed..i help others get the absolute best quality of product at a fair price
 im off the reefer pop a pill and geek her
 hard to tell how much is smoke and how much is dust. jewellfire 
 when you like to smoke weed but you dont smoke weed
 @aynrandpaulryan @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends would rather eat  drink  smoke dope and fuck around while still living with mommy if the r
 why do girls say guys that smoke are gross  yet will rt a pic of a guy smoking  and the caption says get you a bad boy
 @yourfavblackboy ohhh shit thats the pussy who aint want smoke with me in highschool lol issawhole bitch 
 we smoke the competition.  
 this lady gonna smoke at the gas station. so you she basically saying she dont care about my life 
 found out my grandma knows i smoke and she aint even mad bc she knows its the only thing ill use to help my anxiety. just made my day.
 i just cleaned my car like all the way out nobody can smoke or eat in here
 smoking it is potentially bad but the marijuana itself doesnt harm the baby 
 yall be smokin weed while pregnant  
 rolling weed is a stress reliever to me
 i get so irritated when people say they hate weed then i ask why amp they hit me with the idk
 wassup smoketown on the map it say silsbee 
 i dont even miss smoking weed anymore.
 fuck no my nigga weed make u want that fat bubble on her these niggas just weird 
 wu tang banging that dope shit that make you wanna roll up and smoke shit yall
 and all ya patnas know where i stay . my community aint gated. im always open for smoke. ho gotti jr.
 and smoke some good dope
 all these niggas amp bitches dont work or go to school dont even sell weed or hustle but u got money all over snap twitter amp instagram 
 im writing a paper about why weed isnt a drug 
 bouta roll up all my stress and smoke that shit away
 smoking weed aint even unhealthy for the baby tho  educate yall selves
 i dont sell weed i smoke it
 if youre gonna smoke while pregnant  keep it to yourself and dont make it a known fact. wont have to be bothered 
 @juliemason nudist pot smoker thats a riot is a self disclosure i did grow up at the beach thats all im saying
 she wan smoke my dope  let her smoke my dope
 why yall believe me when i say i dont smoke or drink anymore. i am a changed soul. i am sanctified. i am holy. i am.... new.
 does smoking pure dabs still count as smoking weed. cuz i think i quit smoking weed. lol
 if i say match you match if i say wanna smoke im bussing your head dont say i dont have any weed bc then ima not wanna buss yo head
 i try not to stress. thats why i smoke .
 when a bitch says she dont smoke weed but smokes cigarettes 
 and smoke lots of dope 
 my favorite wiz khalifa song is the one where he raps about smoking weed
 a lot of pussies hating tell em i said dont stop... i smoke ah. whole. lotta. weed..
 people ask why i smoke so much but never why i stress so much
 i smoked with some crack heads cause im a pimp  lmao 
 can anyone tell me why there is so much smoke around robinson
 smoking is literally a life style  its so hard to stop. most smokers dont even like smoking by they self so mfs be calling to match 
 freal  foh lmao. i got bills to pay dawg  fuck i hardly even smoke weed anymore. i see u fucking fiends from a mile 
 18 wheeler next to me saw us rolling up and took out his weed tryna match
 @sheldonboy97 im sorry u have such a problem bc you dont have enough money to buy your weed and are complaining about it. god bless tho
 who wants to smoke a blunt for israel baby
 i dont have anything against anybody who smokes weed. but to do it around or in front of your kids is disrespectful.
 alleged  texas dispensaries  smokin w babies  weed being a drug.. everyone need a nap  
 im like the only mf i know that doesnt smoke weed  like that shit doesnt even get me high 
 you dont have money just because u have a phone of cash u have to use of penny to buy ur weed with
 lmao yo whats up with these weed names.  yall so extra.
 i need to smoke g
 listen....im not finna say smoking weed when youre pregnant is bad or not i personally wouldnt but the tobacco 
 you taste better than the weed ive been smokin
 so what yall gonna do  swallow the smoke amp like everybody dont know what gas smell like  
 shut the fuck up i dont want your conversation rolling marijuana  thats a cheap vacation my everyday shit  every night shit
 i dont smoke cigarettes loner
 lol guy did you know they make airheads with weed in them
 lol guys did you know they make airheads with weed in them
 i hate when my mama be saying little comments indicating that she knows im high. like we both know i smoke sis
 elect me president so i can round up all people who hit blunts and dont inhale the smoke and give them 40 lashes
 if we cant chill  smoke and listen to future together i dont want you lol
 i swea i dont know what make me more mad losing money or losing weed
 im not posting the whole thing because my screeching is shit only dogs can hear but  the hazmats the smoke in 
 bitches be tryna smoke with me and i just be like chill ion know where ya mouth been hoe lmao
 ion smoke ppl up tho lol 
 i dont smoke  but after today i could put a hurting on a pack of cigarettes
 i just want somebody to laugh with   smoke with   with no relationship. you do you and i do me. and we do each other 
 niggas here dont do shit but smoke reggie amp get on my nerves
 when you smoke crack you become a fucking animal lmao 
 what nigga you kno spends over 50 on weed every single day smh lol im one of em....
 its weird cause my mama be gassing up and i dont even smoke
 she just want to smoke and fuck   baby thats all we do
 @hannahhhkenley  dont smoke cigs
 bitch dont want no smoke
 .@achaparro33 we just want to make sure that its not a smokescreen to just grab anybody off the airplanes 
 see kids this is what happens when you smoke to much weed. when speak you make no sense at all  
 pops did moms dirty had to be the man of the house at 10 sold pills and weed just to pay for school books .. i swear anything is possible
 im so evil that even from a young boy my mom tried to smoke me.
 i think that it needs a few smoke stacks and pipes... @ the twilight zone tower of terror 
 pretty sure my landlord does some form of drug. i want to smoke a blunt with him one day...hes just the cool 
 like i said you bitches dont want no smoke
 i dont have any friends its just me my weed and my money
 dont smoke weed or youll end up like these guys. @jeffsessions 
 friends and i dont even smoke weed 
 i be having too much weed for my own good 
 i smoke crack amp drink beers with my kid sister
 i dont smoke no more after today lmaoo
 yall be whole ass crackheads smoking weed
 do you really think i easily bruise or do you have a smoke that could borrow i just want to spend some with you or you could beat me up
 @sincerelyrw i just need dude to stay clean for 3 and a half months then he can smoke all the gas he wants.
 i just did a line and smoked a blunt then realized im meeting someone off craigslist in an hour to look at my car 
 say what you want im happy i smoke weed more than i drink alcohol
 @hacris93 how much crack did you smoke to make this comment
 why dont they make pork flavor cat food mine love bacon and smoked shoulder.
 dont stress over me baby gir. smoke dope.
 if you smoke amp dont drink water on a regular  you dont love yourself.
 if i smoke ima loose my job  if i drink im going to im only 20 if i eat too much ima get too fat  fuck love sooo... 
 i couldve been got it fixed too  i just buy too much weed  clothes  and food
 you bitches dont want no smoke lol
 i wanna smoke but smoking is bad mmkay
 holy shit i just want to smoke a blunt 
 people always snapping me fiya up as if i would smoke with yall
 cant smoke with just anybody
 i dont even smoke but this song is amazing 
 @aclu @omarjadwat how much crack did you people smoke to come up with this tweet
 the only thing i drink are my competitions tears  and the only thing i smoke are competition track2017 @heyimashley21 
 the only thing i drink is my competitions tears and the only thing i smoke is my competition track2017 @heyimashley21 @duryeaeryn17
 probably doesnt do anything if you vape and not smoke blunts which contain nicotine lmfao baby going to come out f 
 smoking all this weed dont make me sane
 i dont get why smoking weed is so looked down upon lol
 the man at the gas station told me i smoke too much cuz im always in that bitch buying woods
 excuse me officer im tryin to find some weed and hes like shit so are we
 i just wann smoke so i dont have to think of anything
 swear everyone in corpus i smoke with dont like to smoke roaches
 i just cant smoke and dont see how people do it all day. not judging you  its just not my thing.
 if she really knew it all she wouldnt be smoking the weed. thats the real issue there. 
 get yall some boyfriends that dont drink or smoke 
 niggas be doing all them other drugs and shit man just pass me my weed and some backwoods i barely drink  only herb from mother earth
 girls will say they want a good church going man who has a career...yet end up with the weed dealer whos not texting you back
 what kind of weed man dont show you want the actual weed look like they just show you bags of it smh
 mane you know how many blunts you couldve smoke and been more high  
 if you are over the age of 16 and youre still posting pictures of money and weed on social media  you have developmental disorder.
 i just want to smoke 
 lmao oh you my type and i dont even smoke lmao 
 dont know how many blunts we finna smoke but they finna put me right to sleep 
 dont give me no bammer weed  we dont smoke that shit in the sfc
 low stress training your marijuana plants is easier than ever.  
 roll me some kush i dont smoke no purp
 bouta get out and smoke some good dope
 i know mfs that smoke when they pregnant 
 enough smoke screens  17 intelligence agencies say russian involvement.  @housegop we want answers kremlinklan 
 ion even care if they legalize weed ima still have that gas ...
 roommate do you want the weed lotion  or the weed salve me which is most effective for pain him ...yes.
 but dont say weed 
 on some real. if you smoke i really wont fuck with you. i dont care who you are. im not wit it.
 all i care about is gettin my nuggets  weed  and as guessthatroommate
 me and pops bout to smoke this one 
 i have a bong to show for in this smoke sesh and chloe holds up a blunt and says i think theres crack in this.
 this lady at the smoke shop said i looked like a minor. wtf i dont even wanna know whats gonna happen when i try to buy alcohol this year
 you dont want smoke on my gangggg
 ion smoke crack  muthafucka i sell it
 crazy how a nigga try threaten me with  but dont want this smoke
 i dont smoke 
 i know for a fact that if i wasnt pregnant  id still be working just to buy myself some weed and drinks till i run out on what i had.
 still dont understand why people smoke cigs at this mall like cmon bruh
 you make me want to smoke a blunt. like thats how stressed out you have me. so fuck outta my face boy
 i dont smoke weed.
 i dont smoke crack mothafucka i sell itttt
 so happy 2 months smoke free and didnt puke at halftime at hockey even scored a goal
  smoking too much weed sonic youth idk any other good ones 
 @gjmcclintock potheads doing to much  they fighting they weed to roll it now lmao
 minion 1 i missed class yesterday. anything important minion 2 remembering that minion 1 sold him some fake weed 
 @718shamoney i have nothing wrong with weed. but lets be honest  dude felt it more important to be him than complete contract. priorities
 lmfaooooo i dont even smoke let me stop 
 this shit right here nigga  there is a chemical in weed called fuck it you can kill all them mfers  i dont have one insurgent friend
 my coworker just shouted  i didnt know you smoke pot at me across the break room. 1. i dont. 2. even if i did  wtf
 lmao reason why you cant give black people weed amp instrumentals.  @0051noosyam 
 go to  and check out dabs amp metal live right now feat the best in concentrates and metal also some weed
 we decided everything is heavy because i had wine and smoked lmmfaoo cause these mfs dont feel it.
 giving my brothers something to live for cuz all we ever kno is sell weed get money amp maintain. its more to this life  i know it it..
 ion smoke so .. weed 
 starting to remember why i used to drink and smoke so much
 just like men want you these women on me too if you dont keep it real you weed yourself out ma.
 you smoke too much   you breath too much 
 i need some weed and i dont even smoke
 you smoke em to   
 we agreed the perfect boyfriend is one who turns into a pizza  pizzas dont spend the night every night pizzas dont smoke all of my weed
 dont ask me to smoke if it aint that  cause thats just disrespectful 
 but for some reason were still treating marijuana as public enemy 1  
 phil donahue to bette davis in 1987 youre one of four people in america who can smoke a cigarette on daytime tv with impunity
 i like to adventure i dont always smoke lol 
 the best way to save money on cigarettes.... buy ones you cant smoke  shout out 2 dr. couture 
 id rather smoke crack than touch this shit 
 its when a guy invites you over to smoke and then tries to fuck 
 ion really like people  but i do want me a friend or two up here. just somebody to smoke amp talk shit with.
 i smoke and i make food lol 
 and everyone wants to know how we chain smoked until 3 
 they got fucking money if they smoke like that  
 gaining that happy  weight  my relationship with my baby weed has been the best 
 smoking weed isnt really harmful to the baby ..... 
 ur the reason why im thinking  i dont wanna smoke on these cigarettes no more
 its crazy how much better you feel when you quit smoking weed im not against it just not for me
 if she dont smoke crack i dont want her 
 less stress  more weed please.
 my mom dont even know what she getting herself into talking about she wanna smoke with me  backwood bout to have her blown 
 and dont say anything you dont mean. you only make things worse when you lay down a smoke screen of pious talk. mathew 53334
 i generally dont care about weed smoke  but i may fail a drug test if my hotel neighbors dont quit soon.
 ion smoke like i use too  ..
 dont stress over me baby girl  smoke dope
 so many people still smoke reggie... i dont see how yall do it. that shit gives me a massive headache
 people really really really try to get me to smoke  they dont kno what i dont smoke mean
 @dragontatoo just saying  weed is legal in california now but still... you never want a positive test.
 amp exactly who dont want you smoke . cause from this way you got college bitches after you  
 i mean... do you even smoke if you dont listen to this song 
 crack is wack  crack is cheap. im to rich to smoke crack.  
 would you say bad weed is weed that makes you feel like you peed on yourself when really you didnt
 watching alfred hitchcock on metv amp remembering when u could smoke amp eat amp drink free on planes
 when i wear my glasses i get so much smoke in my eyes.
 sell weed and rap instead of getting an education amp legal job silly
 i know my homies miss when i smoked lol i used to roll em back to back. big fingers too lol
 @viktornikiforof i know it does but trust me  as someone who smokes cigarettes often  vaping that bud is way less harsh for your throat
 wiz thinks hes so cool cause he raps about weed...bro everyone smokes weed you arent anything special  its not that cool
 but you dont smoke  
 3 niggas i aint talked in forever just inboxed me talking about smoking one i dont smoke amp niggas you dont smoke in the afternoon time
 at the bar thinking about how much i love weed
 i dont smoke but baby roll up
 stop tryna sell me weed on snapchat. i dont smoke  and dont want your musty pack.
 so what we get drunk  so what we smoke weed  were just having a fun  we dont care who sees  except my parents. im sorry dad.
 dracos  big smoke dutches  stretch the pack
 not sure why im still friends with people on fb with princess as their name.. definitely going to make it a goal to weed those ppl out.
 @yummyyydap i dont smoke you got niggas so go do you
 im tryna go to that place with the cereal look things that throw smoke when you eat em 
 you want to eat my marijuanas
 nigga dont want no smoke dont want no starch  we put it on the hood before we put it on god
 crack is cheap  i make too much money to ever smoke crack  crack is wack 
 people ask me bro i didnt know you smoked . yeah me either 
 i hate when people say some dumb shit about smoking. like just let people smoke. fuck
 is ey i dont smoke  but for real tho......i wanna know how....... 
 i just want to smoke why is this such an impossible thing to do right now lmao
 if the weed aint this fire i dont want it 
 a nigga tryna smoke but nobody on campus want to cash app
 can you od off of weed @nhynhh
 we bouta smoke some shit called gelato
 lol yall smoke cigarettes.... 
 y u flexin boy u dont want no smoke 
 i was bad af in elementary i couldnt wait to get on the bus and smoke chalk  yall wouldnt understand  
 wake up dazed ....itch my nuts ....pop a xan  float away like peter pan   .....then  i smoke again   just becouse i fckin can
 yall really be weed attics . yall be spending yall last dollar on weed
 tbh idc as long as youre not high 247 and dont push it on me to smoke 
 idk if its me or the weed but i really want a onesie for my birthday omg
 cant stand no pill poppin  weed smokin  put my priorities last ass bitch 
 nvm. reasons why weed should remain a schedule one drug... go lol
 not even in the mood to smoke anymore
 bro fuck i need some weed
 i dont care if my partner smokes weed but cigarettes are a deal breaker
 if people want to smoke weed and want to post it  let them. its none of your business. its not your life so stay out of theirs.
 why are they making all these stop smoking cigarettes ads   these retarded mfs doing crack  herion and cocaine. i wish they did smoke cigs
 people in naples act like they aint even seen smoke before yo 
  first of all ... i done made too much money to ever smoke crack ... crack is cheap . crack is whack . we dont do 
 next show  repost smokerslungsammich with @repostapp  hey guys incase you werent aware  
 conservatives  dont want gays to marry  dont want people smoking cannabis  dont want women getting abortions  dont want civil rights
 because they think weed isnt a drug. 
 where theres smoke  theres trumprussia.
 where theres smoke  theres trumprussia . 
 @jordankirkwood @doubledown1121 @cjnocera14 we ever use to kill big weedges at all 
 a visible representation of i dont pay for weed 
 school is a 7 hour shift  why dont we get a break like just let me go smoke a blunt  people make my brain ache.
   i managed to pick up amp quit a cocaine  alcohol  tobacco  porn amp ganja habit amp i still made the deans list. 3.55gpa
 first of all who the fuck smokes crack and then immediately drinks a red bull
 i aint ever gon stop smokin weed tho 
 the weed heads will be out for wiz khalifa.
 not even gone lie my sister smoked with my nephew  this nigga smart as shit. was walkin @ 89 months  he can talk 
 smoking weed makes me study and write tests better  
 everyone better swallow they weed 
 there are so many guys out there that are lazy  cant pay their bills  spend all their  on weed  amp need their gfs to take care of them.
 i want to watch friday after next high  to bad i dont smoke 
 it be so trash when your weedman catches the feels. chill out amp give me my 8th bro.
 so a relationship rt @kxylvn i dont want a bf . i want sum1 to smoke with amp get consistent dick while having a bond and shit .
 messed up teeth  or a girl that smokes cigs  
 you can smoke that kill  you can push that dope
 of course the entire city of lubbock is covered in wildfire smoke... onlyinlbk
 someone in my lecture just referred to weed as a horrible gateway drug and i felt like i was in my 6th grade health class again
 i smoked last night amp took drugs i dont know why i can remember or even dream
 theres a cute ass girl in front of me  im finna ask her if she smoke lol
 glad i dont smoke or drink yall face be looking old af 
 niggas be putting the same amount of weed in a backwood that they do a regular gar
 the reason i smoke is cause of gaby  tbhh
 she just wants to smoke and fuck
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 the weed make me think better it put me in the vibe.
 the weed make me think better it put me in the vibe.
 discussing life and all our common goals  smart kids that smoke weed  honor roll
 i feel a slight buzz from it. i dont smoke weed though so maybe thats why i feel it. 
 pussy nigga didnt even text me back last night  niggas dont want no smoke 
 i got brothers i dont need no friends  just chillin smoking weed again 
 when you wanna smoke but know you might have to take a drug test  
 ion know whats worse ya man or ya mans weed 
 niggas always tranna ask how much you got on the weed  if you rolling up roll up   if not stfu 
 i need a girl who can out smoke me and will listen to me rap and sing for them all day. is that really much to ask for
 i really just want to get into the medicinal industry of cannabis
 i really dont know how yall smoke weed before hitting the gym.
 trumprussia russiagate focus the crappy hc bill is a smokescreen
 @juuliiieee tryin to smoke  
 fuck it  smoke then shower then smoke again it dont matter
 @brasilmagic 57 years old. live in virginia. dont use weed or alcohol  tobacco or other recreational drugs.
 man  opioids are killing people all over the country. we need a plan...i know  lets crack down on weed. idiots
 heres what its like to eat a hempoil power lunch   via @laweekly
 @jackyholyoake yes  but that doesnt mean that hormones effect the nervous system which drugs like alcohol and marijuana do.
 i smoke too much weed 
 whats your addiction is it money is it girls is it weed
 @charlescwcooke @davidmdrucker even ground up this shit dont smoke
 this fool mcgregor talking all his shit. mayweather said sign the fucking papers. quit blowing smoke. 
 dont let your girlfriend visit the weed man by herself today bro.
 word around town..... you want smoke to catch smoke like an interception 
 word around town..... you want to catch smoke like an interception 
 i do not smoke at work  period trump is like these people that come on my job say something and have never picked up a hammer book smart
 what a fucking liar omg i dont know what plant this is luuullll paul youre addicted to weed 
 first of all lets get one thing straight...crack is cheap. i make too much money to smoke crack 
 random i really dislike smokers breath. chew some gum or drink a bottle of listerine. have mercy on the non smokers. smokingban
 we drink we smoke we think we know eachother
 best antianxiety medicine is cannabis. 
 since ion smoke nobody hits me up to do shit 
 dont send me back to rehab your honor... cause ima get out amp keep smokin ganja 
 brushing my beard amp smoking weed
 how long yall be fried when you smoke out a backwood  like 20 mins. stg  thats why ion really fw them 
 rap scene is all smoke n mirrors  underground n mainstream  niggas dont live da lives u think
 was that some silly weed you guys are being really silly right now
 they asked who would i like go smoke with... @sethrogen of course 
 more likely to smoke  drink  and use drugs than the true children
 dont tell me to slow down when you sit out on your front porch and smoke cigs all day 
 im not fucking w niggas niggas dont do shit but help me spend my money smoke my shit foh
 i dont smoke crack  crack is wack 
 @tyriellefoucha but we not looking for that from them that is the problem we relate smoke  vent  play the game...yall dont want do that
 i smoke too much.
 ppl who dont smoke weed always have some negative shit to say about it. . thats your choice mf..
 dutchies ovaload. dont like to smoke them backwoods hoe
 @xomonet bitch i know dont remind me i want a piata filled with weed 
 used to smoke and drink lean for no goddamn reason
 if there isnt one person who give a speech on marijuana   are you even in college
 reporting aside...food safety should also know that cannabis aint use the chemicals they spray on yall fruits and nuts.
 i never want to pay money to see a movie again unless i can smoke weed in the theater.
 bitch is you smokin reefer
 need someone in my life whos gunna yell at me for spending too much money on weed 
 i get weak when somebody tells me they got gas. i dont even smoke bruh
 i dont be having nobody to smoke with  oh well 
 loved @sa11egreens half bad triology. excited about her new series which launches with the smoke thieves in 2018.  
 i can tolerate a guy who smokes cigs ok kind of sexy  but a girl srly disgusting. 
 the lord must really not want me to smoke
 cause its my fave brewery. heavenly @ wicked weed brewing 
 @realdonaldtrump hasnt smoked drank alcohol or taken drugs in his life..id call it proof of never trust a man wo a vice but ya know
 i need to smoke some crack. if i stub my toe i lay on the floor for 10 minutes crying 
 i need some new people to smoke with i hate facing thats shit gets old.
 cigarettes and alcohol kill people amp there are no limits as to how much can be bought. limiting weed home grows and 
 i dont smoke anymore so dont ask to match. im still too weak to say no.
 had so much fun working cannabis cup this past weekend. didnt get the chance to network enough tho. i really want a job in the industry.
 you dont realize that until you ride with someone who doesnt smoke
 im sitting on my gmas couch and i can smell weed and i didnt know where it was coming from and i forgot i got tree in my jacket  smh
 @slate americans could afford health care if you give them the same health care plan that congress has. put that in your pipe and smoke it
 focus. screw the stupid health plan its a smokescreen russiagate trumprussia russia 
 i may not ever have money  but at least i always have weed.
 @aroseblush @sunflowersoul71 wikileaks aknown arm ofputinchump.has 0 credibility trying to smokescreen trumprussia trumpazerbaijan resist
 you mean to tell me youre around all these bomb ass trees and you dont smoke
 @marciaeddy1 @akakatie1 @mags0908 its a good one i think  just not sure if we have  dont drive  dont smoke  lol
 ok so if ronald reagan put crack into black neighborhoods  its new so they gonna try it  just like weed. they turn into crack heads.
 holy smokes  ronaldo just hit the post having rounded the keeper and had the whole goal to aim at ucl
 someone stole ya weed my g  
 i kno i said this shit before but i love smoking weed
 i kno i said this shit before but i love smoking weed
 guys want 2 fuck on weed only 
 on a drug test when i was 14  .. i had never smoked before and all of a sudden i tried it week later drug test i wa 
 if your not 510  dont smoke bud  and dont listen to rap  i cant fwu
 we flood streets with dope  we keep weed to smoke we all fish  better teach ya folk give him money to eat  the next week hes broke
 @morganmichelee he came here that night and smoked with us from that money so learn the truth girl your fucking dumb
 ion want no smoke  @nickiminaj fanouslastwords
 if she wears these  shell probably do questionable things for four lokos and weed she cant roll. 
 i never know if people are talking about weed or actual girl scout cookies when they say this  
 @morganmichelee he came here that night and watched us buy weed and rolled a blunt with it so dont even cause you dont know
 @1future a phone call away from putting on the tour to feed the freebandz family a cannabis cuisine
 i smoke too much 
 i can not stand when people think they know their shit about bud when they dont even smoke but okkkkkkkkiee
  dont even be knowing how to smoke  
 ciara son got his dick on her chest like future wont smoke russ just cuz
 people really still smoke is that still a thing idontsmoke actually iquit 
 fuckin and smokin on marijuana
  thats why i dont drink  i just smoke my weed amp chill  
 when people ask if i smoke is like asking me if i breathe
 you drink about it  smoke about it  dont talk about it
 smoking rapper weed with my gang mom
 hbd  dont smoke too much now @madimau 
 i just want to smoke a cigar  drink whiskey  and have a dope conversation
 not even lol i just hate when you niggas cape for drug addict dickheads just cause they make disposable weedplates 
 when im smoking i dont like to talk really so if i ever smoked with you and was mad dry it probably was cause i just wanted to match lmao
 does nug nugget still mean good weed cause i dont think that works with weed 
 you dont even smoke 
 the complete trump administration must smoke really good stuff   ben carson wtf slaves 
 @garybutlerdc all that facts show cannabis is medicine  non toxic  impossible to over dose and die unlike over the counter medicine.
 babygirl dont want no smoke
 this why i smoke so much
 i do not ever smoke and a week after i do they wanna have interviews here and drug test people goodness
 ion even like smokin wit some you bitches cause yall be wasting my weed not inhaling and shit you bastard
 i really just dont want to smoke alone today
 its like i want to stop smoking weed but then im like why would you want to stop  smh
 smokin weed with youcause you taught me to.
 only guys who smoke talk to me why .  i dont smoke
 naaaaaahh i dont want to see or hear about anybody boofing weed 
 bro no body cares if you sell weed. its 2017. i can buy weed from a dispensary lol
 its 2017 man. i can buy weed from a dispensary. i really dont care if you sell 
 its 2017. i can buy weed from a dispensary. i really dont care if you sell 
 its 2017. i can buy weed from a store. i really dont care if you sell 
 its 2017 man. i can buy weed from a store. i really dont care if you sell 
 if preventative care was included in the new health care plan  then those  who dont smoke  drink  etc. could get incentives like discounts.
 we grinding while your mcm out here still trying to make money selling weed
 i make too much money to smoke crack 
 like smoke weed  cause i do. lol 
 i didnt think id ever say this but im too lazy to buy weed
 people always ask me if i sell  no  never in my life have a sold a bag of weed or any type of drug . i just know how to flip my money
 i looked up how to spell the weed guys name the right way because i didnt want to be offensive
 i dont smoke bro but i wanna smoke with a family member so bad y these niggas so opposed and i love this lol nigg 
 one of the best things about having moved out is that i can smoke when ever i want
 wisconsin assembly passes bill to give some terminally ill patients the ability to try drug derived from marijuana. 
 she dont smoke but evertime she with me she we be faded ian never change on you girl you my baby 
 you smoke sativa i pop downers  too much thc im a lunger
 shoot yo weed man if the dope aint smokin
 i dont care how much of a pothead u are n i dont care wha u do in ur own house take ur fuckin weed outside
 bitches must really be out here fucking for weed.  yall stay on here saying that shit  but ive never seen it.
 i dont understand how people can smoke cigarettes 
 maybe for niggas who only smoke 1 wood a month  most these niggas dont be having 5gs to they self anyways  
 you know 2 of the 3 guys you dated smoke weed now yes im aware 
 people make smoking weed a big deal now  
 its really fucked up that we gotta make commercials to tell future mothers not to smoke while pregnant...
 they didnt want no smoke when i stepped in bdubs they seen the rage in my eyes 
 so when we were driving down the street today i seen this dude holding a sign saying cheap weed  100 an ounce.
 @icianan or its not your place to comment on everything. its her health why the fuck do you care so much. like damn be smooth go smoke
 we were driving by the dispensary today and this dude on the other side of the street was holding a sign saying cheap weed  100 an ounce.
 yo this sore throats amp cough got me sounding like a smoke 30 packs a day 
 then he asks if i have weed   ask if he got money to put in he say no . he just pissed me off 
 lmao im so funny. i sent an article about why girls who smoke are better girlfriends to a boy a aint even talking to.
 i smoke more than ya fav rapper 
 im just tryin to go smoke 
 should i go to this game or smoke gelato 
 i dont smoke dope but i got my 5th amp the way she shake she deserve that shit
 niggas will snapchat them buying the weed  breaking down the weed  then rolling up the weed.... fucking clowns
 dont get smoked like a loosie 
 i always put too much weed in my blizzys.
 weed aint weed anymore
 @untouchable awwww  come smoke some hookah with us so you can feel better
 @jakesteffan how much crack did u smoke today
 im just a depressive ass nigga who makes music smokes weed amp likes art. other than that i dont have much to say  see for yourself.
 niggas be forgetting smoke too much weed or dick or whatever yall be smoking 
 im always late...even for the smoke sessions 
 the people  that believe trump cares for them  put down the koolaid quit smoking the ganja and pay attention
 someone come smoke me up or sell me a g for 10 yo
 i dont know how vontris smoke she got asthma
 psa dont stand near me  dont even breathe near me if you smoke cigarettes. you smell like booty hole and youre fucking up my lungs.
 you used to keep me off of the toke   now youre the reason i smoke
 lmfao there are really ppl who just sit n smoke all day. that would make me more suicidal than i already am
 yes but it does mean you dont get to drink   party or smoke too  
 gettin planetary high  pass weed to the martians.
 enough weed to fill 100 000 swishers
 dont have the urge to smoke as much lately
 prohibition is not working. it didnt work with alcohol and it doesnt work with marijuana 
 @thisgirlannie girl you know i dont smoke
 if you smokedrinkdo drugs while youre pregnant  youre the worst kind of person  dont @ me.
 when i listen to wiz it makes me miss my weed days lol..
 crack is to cheap. i make too much money to ever smoke crack. 
 i dont even smoke but for some reason im craving a cigarette
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato
 my dad just said its a waste of money to buy weed in colorado
 friend you know weed makes you dumb  me 
 @samknight1 with the money you save not buying a few packs you can buy a bag of weed
 to the bitch ass nurse at kenansville  no i dont drink  smoke  do crack  cocaine  weed or heroine 
 now i get drunk and im smokin weed  poppin pills all the time
 @jasoninthehouse maybe rich people who smoke should pay for poor peoples health care. idiot.
 in 2017  i still dont know what smoke from field mob was saying in the georgia remix with ludacris
 i smoke more blunts to myself than i do with other ppl
 you dont   it smokes you 
 you dont   it smokes you 
 i dont even smoke but damn im about to start im so fucking stressed
 ok justin bieber has received the most attention and wiz khalifa like smoking weed the most
 want a girl i can smoke with
 i like smoke better than air  if i could id smoke in my sleep  i will still do it even after it kills me
 i done popped my pills and smoked my share of grass
 you dont know how to smoke you cant smoke with me   sorry 
 @motionz @thehiphopshark you smoking too much weed
 @teddielacy @doralgal @pryan  dont smoke or do drugs  what about you
 i hate when people ask me why dont i break down weed with my hands or split the blunt myself
 i wonder if buying weed before food is logic...
 @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @whitehouse @harvard they own the weed shop long beach ilwaco dea arrest them lots of people hack from it
 what yall like to smoke
 weed  ion really smoke much. 
 amp it made me think of my papa  cause he used to smoke tortilla chips like that all fresh  miss him so so so much
 when i hit up the homegirls to smoke and they hit me with that  yeah lemme ask my man if hes down  bihhhhh wtf   since when
 i remember 1 day i smoked so much backwoods amp 50 i couldnt even function out like a 
 you know im done w today if i dont smoke
 everyone hotboxes my car but i dont even smoke
 idk why yall yell we smell like weed like we dont know lol
 i havent had the urge to smoke in a while but i just want to fucking chill out
 what crack rock did you smoke 
 i kno a lot of people smoke now but yall go to far
 on blonde  frank ocean referenced smoking weed better than just about any rapper ever.
 on blonde  frank ocean referenced smoking weed better than just about any rapper ever.
 who wants to smoke this bleezyyy
 80 new pokmon and the only thing that pops up at my house is a fucking weedle. 
 probably made trivia too hard this week but people need to know more about weed strains and space travel.
 @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @whitehouse @harvard i see everyone james neva jim neva ilwaco internet now data breached bye weed shop
 smokers breath stinks  i dont give a fuck if you smoking the finest weed from amsterdam nigga. smoking  no brushing smells horridd
 surrounded by the dope and i dont even smoke @dylanreesemusic
 our set is dedicated to weed cause we just learnt thats the cool thing to say
 finally back in the i.e. where people wont give me funny looks if i i ask  where to find anything that isnt  weed 
 my anaconda dont want none unless you got buns  hun.  @ weed heights  nevada 
 @tonylisenko nah  i dont smoke like that
 i want to smoke
 ppl always be like how u know  u dont smoke lmao trust me my dude. i can tell. 
 i wouldnt mind putting weed up a chicks butt during foreplay 
 surprisingly dont want to smoke alone tonight 
 same guys that smoke shisha and have girls dance on their laps are the same ones to pop up when a girl shows her baby hair. fuck off
 i dont care if you smoke weed but at least maybe try to cover up the small when you go out to eat afterwards. maybe
 i like going days without smokin bc when i do smoke i get sooo fried lol
 dont tell me i smoke too much   you shouldnt be worried about how much im smoking at all
 dont smoke 
 @th0tg0th damn she smoke my dope
 ion drink liquor ion smoke weed 
 i dont smoke crack mf i sell it
 we dont gotta smoke just match my vibe.
 you smoke too much  
 kushstockfestival this weekend amp i dont even smoke lmao 2 chainz though
 dont stress over me babygirl smoke dope
 catch me smoking weed bare feet eatin frozen fruit
 i want to get my own place so i can just tell people to come over so we can smoke make food watch netflix and smoke more
 frfr i ont even like facing blunts  rather smoke with people.
 ion smoke crack muhfucka i sell it 
 if you cant smoke a blunt with me or at least tolerate the fact that i like marijuana then dont bother texting me
 @nbcla most likely will have his deputies less stressed on patrol. weed high people want to chill and eat just saying
 i want to go out to smoke and drink  but im enjoying being lazy a bit too myself much lol
 @mikeypromethxan tell me which nigga want smoke 
 better than jerry lol stop smoking weed lil bro that shit getting to your brain and making you say stupid things  
 interesting that most people who smoke pot dont know about cbd and the healing properties for 
 hit me up to smoke weed not to smoke cigs .
 @realdonaldtrump @abc @cbsnews @whitehouse @harvard ilwaco guy weed shop ilwaco crabber high on meth talking on phone line all day night
 they got tictactoe on i message games now  who want smoke
 @nattykush lol oh yeah id never smoke blunts or smoke as much as i do now  but i dont think using it for  pains that come with it is gonna
 i just got drunk for the first time but nah i dont smoke 
 i smoke every damn day .. im suprised i dont snapchat it lmfaoo
 lol just cause i know how to roll dont mean i smoke. i just learned watching ppl
 yea baby we can smoke   we can go where no one knows
 who told yall weed isnt addictive
 stop smoking weed and stop the laughter or drink alcohol and act crazy  pop pills and be in a stupor  3817 
 my 45 yo neighbor just smoked me out and said i dont smoke a lot  just everyday lmao
 most of the people smoke weed or aint doing sh with they life and they dont want to see somebody happy cause th 
 lmao why do i want to smoke at 1 
 i dont think i can get high off weed anymore
 i just want someone to watch tv   smoke   and eat food with. oh and butt rubs are a must.
 turn on someone who can genuinely make me laugh turn off someone who smoke cigarettes.... no goals....just sittin 
 niggas dont want no smoke
 my brain wants to get back into weed but luckily my body has some memory and knows better
 @thehill dont have the votes to pass it . can introduce anything they want not going anywhere. just blow smoke by media
 yall be letting people smoke mid around yall
 all im saying is you dont want no smoke with me 
 that shit fun to me so i like doing it  ion have to smoke...but i do
 why do guys think its impressive to constantly drink  party  amp smoke. as if not having goals  money  or a future gets us going 
 anyways if youre gonna say weed is okay to smoke while pregnant thats cool  just actually have a good argument. not its a plant
 girl  youre inhaling thc from marijuana and also inhaling smoke. you think its not bad for a baby dont have kid 
 @haterzonmadick i will never smoke tobacco. i dont want lung cancer  sorry.
 he still lookin for that money from smokey. 
 park wherever i want  smoke wherever i want  buy whatever i want  hit her whenever i want.
 just because you smoke weed doesnt mean you know everything about weed
 u wanna weed out the fuck boys ladies ask a guy does he think hes a good guy and why if the answer aint thoughtful well..
 i dont even smoke weed since high school when i loved it. but this isnt about what i like. its about these backwards laws and fairness
 yes. i aint explaining shit. anybody that say no need to smoke less crack. 
 i sleep better if i dont smoke
 @spacely you dont want this smoke
 just chillin smoking some weed 
 smoke weed everydayamptrip on psychedelics
 dude just said he dont mess with weed but do coke.... what in the world my dude... your a waste of space fuck outta here 
 i really smoke cause i feel like it lol
 everyday should be nosmokingday   in the usa were down to 15.1 of the population that smokes. down from 20.9 a 
 yall niggas gone get enough of ridin round smokin weed in ya car when ya dumbass get pulled amp u arrested for possession amp dwi .
 i really dont know if its coke weed or pills he selling dou
 @badhigene all i know is car note  c bill. eat. smoke. school. and i know that well so dont tell me i aint working when business is handled
 for real i dont wanna be no weed head ass parent
 ive been carry around this lighter and i dont even smoker 
 ive been carrying around this lighter and i dont even smoke
 you dont smoke though... 
 i swearrrr  if i ask my mama for 1 she gone say no you might use it for weed   
 both my aunts blow gasssss . amp they dont know i smoke so i cant ask to hit the blunt 
 i literally tweeted a romantic cryptic tweet about weed i hate my life so much 
 now that i dont smoke weed anymore i need multiple cigarettes
 yes i love her like pussy  money weed 
 i smoke to much 
 bru   i need to smoke some dope 
 ion do shit at wrk doe but watch tv or smoke so ion give af 
 inspector  wood you like a smoke  or a coffee  pass the beff 
 hate how much i smoke man 
 sorry i dont smoke weed and have a good time  
 just to smoke bro thats thirsty lmao 
 you dont want no smoke fr
 your wcw be smashing the weedman and still be having the pay for a bag 
 if yall can smoke weed pregnant please tell me why i cant fuck niggas who aint my bd pregnant
 im not smart enough to wrap my mind around why people smoke.  it will never make sense to me.
 niggas think just cause i cop and they in my mf presence i have to smoke with them fuck out of here bro 
 dont even want to know where this guy hid this much weed on his person in the prison...  
 i really cant smoke anymore 
 @alexxxbee  some of them dont even smoke weed lol
 she rollin up a nigga swishers she dont even smoke 
 all i want for my birthday is a weed basket from all my friends amp money 
 ion even smoke but at this point  fuck it 
 dont waste your money on weed or massages cause all good feels are mirages
 @svbigrx by selling real drugs that help real people like marijuanas thc amp cbds drugs that have never killed anyone.
 why you on social media acting like you do but dont want smoke
 she dont even smoke  just hits it once when she light it
 dont ask me to smoke w. you if you rolling that 5 for 1.00 shit
 i dont even smoke before this class smh
  dre dog smoke dope and rap
 @allbrightnfl well if you dont want a player that smokes in the bathroom then it makes sense
 this nigga said told our om according to my job  i dont smoke. 
 mitchell just said smoke detectors are frivolous
 fight resistance 6 leave no survivors. do not tolerate any weeds in the soil bank. make this a personal philosophy.
 why you on social media actin like you do  but dont want smoke
 smoking weed doesnt make you trash
 dont hmu asking me for shit   no favors nothing .. amp no i dont wanna smoke .. mfs got they priorities fucked up amp i dont want no parts
 all good feels are mirages so dont waste your money on weed or massages
 @post people that smoke weed dont as a rule drink amp people that drink dont as a rule smoke weed. so this is a big fat nothing burger
 dont make me fuck you up smokey  
 i want to smoke i but i dont feel like getting up
 @iamminas that boy dont smoke no more you know this
 everyone gave me a look cause im doing my paper on medicinal marijuana 
 when someone says people who smoke weed arent smart 
 @ovoalexo sorry i dont even smoke bro
 i dont smoke ls i just take em 
 dont try to shame me or anyone else because i dont do drugs. you can smoke and drink and do what the fuck ever and i wont say a damn word
 fuck lil pump.. who want smoke
 if she asks how much weed she should buy jus for yaw ta smoke  nut in her 
 dont watch weeds
 how to people afford to smoke cigs
 i hate when bitches dont know how to smoke weed right g  bitch like you just wasted weed 
 if yall hide yalls guns and weed like yall hide ya girlfriends yall would never be in jail
 all i ever wanted was to be a hermit in the jamaican hillside and live with weed is that too much to ask
 backwoods overload i love to smoke them swishers
 roll so much damn weed up with my feet up
 my day dont actually start till i smoke
 i make too much money to ever smoke crack. lets get that straight.
 i dont even smoke and this makes me mad 
 harry dont smoke so i really be over high just facing 
 i dont smoke crack mothaaaafuckaaa i sell it
 i dont even smoke and that be pmo  
 yall cowards dont even smoke crack
 dont know if i smoked all my weed or if i lost it highlife
 i rlly dont get how ppl can smoke cigs in a house wit children like fuck ur kids lungs
 fuuuuck i dont feel like hitting legs anymore  can a nigga just smoke and chill  cool cool
 ion want no smoke  
 i need a cigarette amp i dont even smoke cigarettes
 guys  i dont really smoke    when did ppl start taking my tweets serious lol
 i smoke a half everyday  they gave the wrong nigga money
 i got brothers  i dont need no friends..my shoes off im comfortable  im chillin smokin weed again
 dont match me if you smoke swishers 
 more money more weed
 in other words dont smoke then immediately eat 
 hes changed me in such a good way. i work out  dont smoke  think about my goals and future 247
 i dont even smoke but this shit is funny to me 
 worm dont make me have to fuck you up smokey                                        valet u cant mess w the s 
 sorry baby ion smoke
 dont get to smoke or drink coffee anymore and that really sucks for me lol
 boy its crazy ion have a appetite unless i smoke some dope
 i smoke to much.
 people come in swearing the government is trying to kill them with a flu shot and then tell me they smoke 2 packs a day... 
 yo my neighbors from downstairs are uptight as motherfuckers and they playing dr greenthumb lmfao  yall dont even smoke yall hate weed
 mfs really only hml when they need some weed  a bottle  or to see if im throwing a party soon.. like i really dont have friends..... 
 selling 10 grams out of a ounce of weed does not make you a drug dealer .
 honestly if your hook is just i dont smoke crack motherfucker i sell it your the dopest rapper alive
 i totally dont smell like weed masked w perfume
 the fact that my lady dont smoke is a blessing i dont even want her to start i enjoy facing blunts then snuggling up under her breast
 i got niggas acting silly when they smoke with me  gas
 people ask me why i dont smoke with them um bc i only smoke with the ones i trust
 give me a quiet place to roll my weed
 i done smoke it g 
 all i want to do is smoke cigarettes and smash glass bottles.
 ion know which @1future  album better to smoke to
 gettin smart for no reason amp smokin weed according to my mom 
 but you always have money to smoke bag  while your kids are in the car have money to eat out with all these niggas like wtf
 if anyone wants to get smoked up lmk lol
 so many people jus wanna smoke wit me but ion even like people around me that much
 but look tho..........i dont want no smoke but ummmmm yea 
 they call me nas im not ya legal typa fella  mot drinking marijuana smoking street dweller
 kennedy trails by 14 at the half against hempstead. 
 i truly love weed so much  its like too much 
 just dont feel the want to communicate with people today unless its about weed. 
 dont stress over me baby girl  smoke dope
 yo dont ask for gas money if you aint gonna use i in your tank if you just gunna buy food with it or fucking weed
 so theres rectal weed lmao i am not putting anything in my ass foh
 lmao i barley smoke cigs  
 when im sad i smoke swishers
 i need a blunt to deal with how people drive in memphis and i dont even smoke
 if anyone wants to smoke .. feel free to hit my phone
 i really dont wanna buy no weed from the texaco
 why weed gotta be illegal in texas make no sense we all be smokin   most of us  lets a nigga get high in peace fck
 jonathans parents make me feel like i need a cigarette and i dont even smoke 
 yes im gay asf but did yall forget im still a nigga ill smoke niggas bro like fr stop playin with me
 i just want to smoke till i cant think straight
 fuck marijuana. no longer shall i rely on it for creativity. dont hmu
 boiz dont want no smoke 
 my dad said your mom takes away my liters so i dont smoke well where tf is my liters well ya know what to bad i dont wanna smoke anyways 
 say you want smoke nigga puff it up
 say you want smoke nigga puff it up
 nothing bursts my bubble more than when i actually wanna be nice and spark someone and they turn it down because i dont smoke anymore
 have you ever smoked a blunt worth the down payment on a used bentley
 i feel bad i been texting the weed man all day i said nigga stop acting like you dont see my text he said bro im at a funeral im a dick
 dont see why girls sit here and talk shit about fucking around when they low key fucking the niggas they smoke with but 
 i just want to smoke some weed  suck some dick  eat some food  then cuddle until i fall asleep.  is that too much to ask for
 im out of weed  yall
 i cant eat  i dont want to smoke weed or cigarettes  i cant sleep  i can barely even breathe
 @nobodybtmeesh lol yall want smoke to 
 your mcm still smokes swishers
 dont vape smoke meth pussies @fronz1lla
 someone said theyd rather you smoke cigs than weed once lmaoo 
 yall like weed 
 roll so much damn weed up with my feet up ...we dont come in last..
 @lifesoshort  niggas didnt want no smoke  
 @trafaelcimino @realdonaldtrump  really   you must smoke crack. they fked you n you still dont know it. snowflakes just dnt get 
 but dont mind me im just high again  smokin weed to get by again no  actually im lyin cuz smokin it got me smilin 
 when someone ask you for the real reason you smoke herb 
 pun intended  smokey dont give a damn 
 the weed make me think  better it put me in a vibe.
 coming home after work  feeling like i should be productive but dont actually have anything to do and only want to smoke gtltgtltgtltgtltgtltgtltgtltgtlt
 the i dont smoke weed anymore report is brought to you by fruit loops. fruity  jungle cereal.
 this nigga never roll his own weed  always make me roll it 
 i smoke so much cause so much shit be on my mind
 you mean to tell me thats not marijuana in that thing anu  @leodicaprio 
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang 
 does this mean the cia can spy on me through my smoker can they at least tell me when its 
 you mean to tell me thats not marijuana in that thing anu  @leodicaprio can you come on... not about to wait for 
 well gee now we are being sent out of the train. guess operating it while its up in smoke really isnt a smart idea 
 im trying to smoke rn but i dont have any plugs lmfaoooooooooo
 really need a fug amp dont even smoke.
 if you post more than 5 videospics of you smoking weed. no offense but i am going to assume youre a fucking loser. dont have to post it
 im good i dont want any smoke with you today lol 
 you said you want some smoke puff it up nigga
 when your family talks shit about you smoking all the time so you smoke to get the stress away 
 bruh ion see how niggas only gas and play 2k all day  i couldnt do that shit. maybe its cause i dont smoke or play video games 
 drinking amp smoke crack much @nancypelosi 
 wisconsin were is the smokes
 ion smoke 
 half them guys you hanging out with you talk shit about make up your mind you big blunt smoker.
 you know youre in ca when ... you tell your driver that you work for a natural supplement company amp he assumes you sell marijuana. 
 do people sell weed anymore
 i dont like to smoke them swishers hoe
 i thought you said you didnt have drugs  i dont i have weed 
 ppl that smoke 258 swear they got the magic potion to pass a drug test
 marley is right thats why i dont drink as much as i smoke. 
 bro im never smokin weed again.... i fucked round and got too mf high and didnt understand wtf was goin on around me my ass was paranoid
 why the weedman dont ever answer the phone.
 fuck nigga we dont smoke out the same pack
 i want to smoke so bad 
 bro someone smoke me out 
 this dude just told me i spend too much money on nails and weed .... ok your point
 if you can buy weed  alcohol  amp go out to eventsparties  you can afford to make sure youre not putting complete bullshit into yr body
 drugs im really in the weeds here bro jhfdjkfhdfkch
 i may have to give the rest of my weed away lol  i spend too much on food cus of the munchies
 man what i fucking plug i have. not only did he serve me the loudest shatter but he fixed my phone and smoked me up 
 i hate when ppl treat free weed like free weed...then the next thing you know they be boujie as hell
 you dont smoke woods 
 everybody wants to be a superhero  but nobody wants to smoke crack
 i buy weed by the ounce 
 youre closed minded as fuck if youre still shaming people for smoking weed lol
 me and mom just got in a heated argument about weed being a gateway drug. 
 lol niggas only smoke backwoods cause rappers do  they do nothing for you
 @chipreid2014 driver and a weed man or as chris cater says a fall guy
 @jmarieee you dont even smoke lol
 @dieseldugong dont feel bad turk he smoked me also.
 i use to smoke swishers like a regular nigga now im a backwoods typa nigga
 you little niggas who sell bud just to smoke for free  need to cut the shit. stop hml telling me u got that. dont even know how to sell
 when she linking with the plug but you know women dont play for weed 
 i just dont like to roll no more but i be ready to smoke
 ends up being a serious ass snow storm and everyone car gets snowed in so we have to spend the night . lmao we got bottles and weed so we 
 smart kids that smoke weed   guilty
 then smoked a little...so...now that i think about it  the fact that i can even remember laying in the street is pretty good
 people really live in states where if youre 21 you can walk into a dispensary amp buy whatever weededibles you want
 @princessbxoxo smoke some dope  tell the ppl you care for that you appreciate them amp love them
 some of ya dont even know how to smoke a blunt  its not hookah lmao
 roses are red violets are blue i like smoking weed but not as much as making love to you
 i dont smoke. im not even gon take a hit. quit askinggggg
 i dont understand when ppl say they dont like to smoke on an empty stomach like im waking up smokin  eating  smokin again
 i dont know who the hell id be if i didnt smoke all that weed back in 2015
 so why didnt nobody tell me that the dennys in hempstead aint dennys nomo  
 why do yall ask me to mail yall weed from the dispensary when im really not about to profit from yall lol 
 niggas think that lil bit of weed a couple ounces of pcp  some 8balls of powder going to make you rich you a fuckin fool
 bro type as i understand it they hate solar as much as marijuana you can grow it in your backyard for free... 
 ok ppl saw the marijuana thing in the paper amp are excited but i dont think they know the meaning of the word morat 
 i wonder if im good enough or maybe ive just had to much to drink  to smoke  to swallow
 i just want to smoke and cant even do that
  dont let me have to fuck you up smokey    playing with my money is like playing with my emotions    
 i drink and smoke but i still show up to church cus momma said so..  dont mean i be goin in there acting like an angel.
 justin amash cosponsors bill to end federal prohibition on marijuana legalizemarijuana  
 i dont even be trippin off smoking .. weed aint something i really need 
 when dimetrius smokes it stresses me out. . like oh how i miss my blunts but its all for good reason
 why i dont wear weed stuff  
 but i dont even smoke anymore so who cares
 ashley makes me feel the way the growlers and ganja do winnin
 girl scottyou want to buy some cookies mesorry i dont have cash on me right now herthen why you going into the smoke shop persistent
 so to smokey for buying me beer 
 my brother bribes me by buying me food and letting me smoke with him 
  body count doesnt matter to me . theres no such thing as a good number .. just be responsible amp dont be fucking for free weed smh
 man dis ho straight trippin talkn bout i smoke too much 
 i kind of think of weed like alcohol. as long as i dont let it get out of control  spending  and obsessing over it. but i still feel guilty
 dont lie we all know those are weed pancakes  
 who want smoke  
 the south hates weed so much  its really just silly bro
 never understood how people can drink amp smoke everyday of their life 
 youre a drug addict alcoholic to the kid smoking weed.
 is there even such a thing as a smoking gun these days when said gun or smoke doesnt seem to be put out or cause u 
 because you cant get them from palm trees cuz crack heads smokes crack out the coconuts  
 whats even better is i bet my mom thinks im choking from smoking weed but really i am just choking bc i cant eat food properly
 smoking backwoods still smoke a swisher if you got it with you everybody want me sober  but im not a quitter
 if a girl smokes a blunt and doesnt snap it  does she even get high
 @saaaauuu1 wtf you talking about willis i dont smoke...
 some people be buggin sometimes when i tell them i dont smoke weed lmao i personally think its funny but bet i can roll better then you
 i dont smoke 
 i need more ppl to smoke with. who dont slack
 i cant smoke weed anymore 
 cant stand ppl who dont smoke weed and when its mentioned they be all negative like nigga ill kill you
 i dont drink or smoke cigarettes anymore but i really want to right now 
 awe jeez theres cat hair in the weed.
  you always smokin   we needa smoke
 she dont smoke weed but she smoke dick
 how are you pluggin if your mom doesnt at least know you smoke.
 man go to sleep you dont even smoke chow  
 like do i wanna shake my ass or sit on my ass and smoke lmao thats the real mf question
 @ceesrivas yup so to all the people that say weed makes them lazy just means they are a lazy pos lol
 never have i ever had the urge to smoke so much weed until now 
 my plug always asking for a ride somewhere lol nigga give me my weed and get out my car
 lol i dont smoke you know this 
 thats not even weed anymore 
 ion even too much smoke weed anymore.. but when i do  i catch my self folding dishes on the porch
 our waitress at dennys really had to take her smoke break while she was waiting on us  the only people in the whole restaurant....
 thankfully i dont date drug dealers anymore cause im at a point in my life where i definitely wouldve smoked all his crack
 u dont smoke 
 lately i been on some me  myself  and i shit i dont need no nigga to smoke and get high with
 i dont smoke crack.. i done made too much money to smoke crack. crack is wack 
 kush smoke money clothes hoes
 @snack5 lmao you dont even smoke but we can fade hendersons
 i want someone to just do little things to make me smile amp sleep amp smoke with me every night
 ever been so high you had to sit back and think... bro was that really weed
 you know you smoke too much when you barley get high off 3 bowls 
 nigga gon ask me for a lighter but didnt ask if i wanted to smoke. hurt
 sometimes jose makes me wanna smoke like i use to and not give a fuck about my job anymore but nah im a changed person 
 free style i dont choke me smoke me fire and smoke toke token smoking nut and yolk loco coke wuz coca cola e bowls ya with ebola tu ya haha
 i need a damn blunt but ion smoke no more
 i smoke to much 
 i already dont smoke amp im starting to not like drinking either..
 i want to fucking smoke
 anti tobacco ads make me want to smoke cigarettes stop it please
 someone left the damn smoke machine on  dont they know how much the juice costs
 i smoked from the age of 12 there is a good chance ill pick it back up in the future but right now i dont think about it.
 i know cummies taste bad if u smoke cigarettes but man.. ill still take shots of deans cummies any day. ill make smoothies out of that sh
 they dont even smoke weed  they smoke rust  @kahlenbarry
 i used to care about so much shit  but im pretty sure i smoked allat out me
 i woke up coughing and some more shit lol i smoke too much blunts
 when you roll so much and your fingers naturally smells like weed 
 i dont understand why the word weed gets censored on the radio but the song cocaine by zz top gets played like 6 times a day
 amash cosponsors ending federal marijuana prohibition act of 2017  via @k0d4
 i dont smoke crack
 nah that nigga was high af the entire movie..he lied like shit saying he smoke cigarettes 
 where theres smoke  theres trumprussia. the people deserve to know whether their president is a crook. 
 to much smoke 
 @marijwannameet  if anyone is near hemet ca. please lets chat.. i know cannabis  and have learned about growing from good people.
 if i aint like this at my weeding  please be that mf who speaks now amp fucc allat holding peace shit  
 no random person from highschool  i dont want to watch 10 snapchats of you uncreatively blowing vape smoke ...
 dont want no girl that smokes weed ....
 there is so much smoke on this trumprussia thing we may need oxygen masks soon
 only smoking 100 backwoods rapper weed and im a rockstar  god this is life.
 are you even a true stoner if you dont smoke your res from your bong when youre outta weed
 its ridiculous how judged you get when you say you dont want to smoke weed.
 if a nigga want smoke this shit right here
 i needa stop dating white girls that dont even smoke weed 
 who smokes cigs but not weed 
 @andymilonakis his entire internet existence is to be an attention whore saying outlandish shit like that  funny how doctors supports weed
 listen  i can probably out smoke some of you soooooo dont play me 
 you know you smoke too much when you want a whole nigga and your main reason is ur tired of lighting it lmfaooo 
 its not even noon and i am smoking marijuana
 you know i smoke to much .   thats every stoners excuse
 from now on ...ya want top grade smoke...cash has to be in hand or youre gettin the generic stuff no money no candy lol
 now that weed is practically legal in houston  let me see about microsofts policy on drug testing...   just kidding  kinda.
 @ipage2  why would smoking weed at thirteen blight your future not saying its a good thing  but there are worse activities.
 just want it to be 330 already i got a lot of shit to do like smoke
 @libyaliberty @mattyglesias the true irony is we could save some of these peoples lives by legalizing marijuana war on drugs killing us.
 bro dont fuckin sit next to me if you smell like weed
 i want to smoke a blunt but i dont want to roll it lol
 yes weed is not for everyone but dont be little it it helps out in so many ways
 when people get personally offended and confused when i say i dont drink or smoke 
 if you try telling me weed is a gateway drug i will civilly tell you how its not.
 if youre a freshman and smoke cigarettes  youre hard as fuck
 @blakegunter30 give it one day and just smoke at bare minimum thats what i did
 @4truintentions u dont want no smoke
 only if he doesnt want to smoke it with me 
 lmao my brother is making weed brownies and he think i dont know 
 bro this nigga next to me always smell like a pound of weed
 real gs smoke when they want
 some people judge me that i smoke evrry day this i know  but i bet yall 100 yall still couldnt pass my calc class  what that say about you
 @existentialisej youre in the weeds. exactly my point. if 26 really means 2327  you cant say it isnt life at 22 or 21.
 devastating example of how the nida monopoly fails medical cannabis research. @maps 
 weed. dont smoke enough for me to miss it 
 she swallow the bottle while i sit back amp smoke gelato
 just want some mo good weed in my life
 @ashleytahirah dont want no smoke imessagebasketball  
 i cant say enough times how much i love smoking weed 
 the govt is spying on us i doubt they care you smoke or sell weed. i think its more for the interception of terrorism.
 pettiness level aspiration whitney telling that interviewer that she makes way too much money to smoke crack.
 ion even look like a smoker lol
 who wants to the be the last person i smoke with cause i swear after this weekend its a rap lol
 my biggest pet peeve has to be when i let someone roll my weed and they dont pass it to me first like nigga what
 it boggles my mind that people still look at marijuana as a drug
 sparkus weedon 
 bitches that smoke blacks can beat anybody up..
 i remember when ibwouldnt even look at weed
 ps weed is a drug quit being douches and saying its just a plant.
 @meanwhileincana @justintrudeau im talking about where i live. rules dont work there. fewer people smoke  u will make worse
 you want smoke in pool let me know
 @saraaaaomari you want smoke
 hey  so does anybody know how to change the oil in a car ill pay you for your services and smoke you out  lmao
 we got free smoke  you want beef den we hand it out
 this nigga jeremy aint shit. i smoked with this nigga before i went to work. im high asl. asking the customers how much i owe them. 
 this man just spoke so much truth about smokers 
 you know its a good day when you teacher smokes you out
 you know its a good day when your teacher smokes you out 
 starts eating healthy  still smokes cigs amp drinks heavy beer
 when some hoe tries to ask if she could hit my weed 
 my mom needa hurry up and get here with my money so i can smoke
 lets be honest i learned all things about weed from my ex before him i didnt even know what it was
 god if i didnt smoke weed  i might just kill someone.
 im so sleepy i feel high but aint smoked in days
 ion sell weed because i smoke it bitch i sell crack
 viper  youll cowards dont even smoke crack
 id smoke backwoods if i could roll em
 hes seriously mad at me because i told him i dont want him to ditch 5th and go to vets to smoke with his friends god hes so annoying
 who want to match one last time before i quit this ganja 
 slightly in the mood to smoke some dope tonight
 i wanna text my weed man again but... i just dont know. i dont wanna double text amp look needy. i just feel like i dont know him anymore.
 hate that my parents smoke in the house its so gross  i dont wanna smell like a cigarette 24 7 cause of your bad habits
 yall want more reasons to not smoke that government shit 
 @edguur i dont smoke cause i have to i smoke cause i want to 
 i kno we havent smoke that much dope dang the bag almost gone that cant be right 
 i wake up every mornin and do wtf i want  and ion deal wit nobody till i smoke my blunt
 she said i dont smoke weed i just play with the smoke im like you better pass that shit .im dead
 anybody need weed
 @mynameismcfly thats cuz niggas dont do shit but smoke lol.. no hobbies besides drugs bitches and music
 you think i smoke too much i think your friends all suck
 ppl who smoke shouldnt be allowed to buy cars worth more than 2 000
 i need a mf blunt and im a recovered smoker  like man make that 2.5 in a big ass dutch 
 i want my husband amp i to smoke together on our wedding day.  but after the ceremony so i dont fuck up the pics but definitely b4 the cake.
 @yourfavangel yes no pain pills make my cramps better but weed make them go away
 turn your pages to 1993  motha fuckas is gettin smoked g  believe me
 i dont want to have to smoke to get this away
 he know he dont smoke  
 i just luv greenery and all green things money  weed  juice  money
 anyways. im tryna smoke. whos widdit 
 ion got shit to smoke this wax
 too much weed an alcohol for starters.
 my dad gone say you cough cause you smoke too much weed   then say you want some butter to make weed brownies . like what  
 you not up if the only new things you getting is clothes shoes  buying bottles and smoking a the best weed
 all mfs talk about is weed bro
 just bought myself a new fancy smoker masterbuilt smokin up some pork butts and gettin ready 
 i smoke to much
 okay but weed is better than any medicine the doctor gives you
 when my weed man said he outside but he not even here yet 
 i just smoked a couple bowls and i feel soooooo much better its ridiculous
 this reminds me of the time i smoked with these pc students in hs.. they tried to match with some bullshit like t 
 imagine getting back all the money youve spent on weed or fast food 
 when you smoke with me 1g is 1blunt  or match that shyt somewhere else
 they say stop cause i always smoke my cigarettes down to them filter. you a lie if you dont do that shit  lifes a bitch she will kill ya
 i met a guy one day n he said to me im not a crack head im a crack smoker lmfao shit had me weakkkkkkk
 every time i say damn in my head im saying it just like smokey and craig did on friday 
 no one knows the law better than the weed man 
 but that dont mean a nigga cant rest in the west  see some nice breasts in the west  smoke 
 dont stress over me baby girl smoke dope
 i want to smoke 
 just a smokescreen so people dont pay attention to what the us house is doing to us. 
 jefferson davis beauregard sessions named after 2 traitors to the usa says his parents told him that good people only smoke tobacco.
 people need to understand that posting about weed or vaping does not make u cool...   its all about crystal meth now.
 i needa blunt amp ion even smoke em 
 aye chief sosa  how you do it do what smoke that dope like that.. you a foo
 duh ion smoke those shits 
 she rolling weed and she dont even smoke 
 nigga you dont want no smoke  you dont want no cancer 
 last smoke before the snowstorm by benjamin francis leftwich is nowplaying in market basket  omaha.
 just realized i lost all my friends ever since i got pregnant  most likely its because i dont smoke anymore 
 jus cuz i smoke weed and shoot niggas dont mean im stupid
 we all know that marijuana does not do any harm in adults. why to do this who is wining follow the money @onpoli 
 im backwards gone off the lean but i can still stay up. smoke backwoods no i dont fuck with garcia vegas
 my grandparents are sending me money and the first thing im doing with it is buying weed lmao
 i want all that smoke 
 dont pass me no smoke while im eating
 how ppl be broke but got weed money howwwwww
 i dont smoke no more  shit whack
 taking a bath  smoking some weed  amp eating chocolate covered strawberries. i really do love myself
 i promise thats my dude but we dont smoke that reggie bush 
 roll that shit. light that shit. smoke that shit. let gawd sort em 
 if i dont smoke in the next 20 mins ima lose my mind
 my nigga annoying   he dont like me but leave me weed 
 my nigga annoying   he dont like me but leave me weed 
 xavier dont want no smoke with du 
 i dont get how people can smoke in the morning amp go about their day like normal people. my brain would implode amp i wouldnt get anything done
 dont let that weed out the window tbt smokesessions @ city of 
 i need niggas that smoke swishers to get waaay back
 free smoke to all thin mint eaters. you gon fight my bro because ion got the hands
 the weedman just really disappointed a bitch today like seriously im blown lol
 im not as hyper as i used to be i dont even drink anymore but i do smoke
 all natural eat these amp you will see a difference i dont need pills also dont get sick easy smoke some bud too eve 
 auntie still a smoker i cant even blame her cause im in the same boat searchin for a savior
 men who dont drink or smoke are absolute gems
 dont know if my tolerance up or the weed im smoking is doodoo
 why do you smoke weed so much  its so bad for y 
 all i want is somebody i can smoke a blunt with   thats it
 green flash and a gran habano corojo5  @ bbqr916 smokehouse and brewpub 
 i know for a fact if i wasnt in the army i wouldnt drink as much   i only drink to replace smoking weed
