 ive gotten way to comfortable w weed  but good thing its legal now.
 we just got two pieced through the smoke and the kid didnt miss
 please stop judging me from blaring emo songs in my car while i smoke at work like im tryna dissociate
 @kroeger wonder if he smoked before the malace at the palace
 what are you doing the wacky tacbacky   my mom asking my sister if she smokes weed
 goes to lunch with my mom  me tried weed and im not good at it  mom i wasnt good at smoking it either 
 i think im havin weed withdrawals 
 california winterwhen rain falls  weeds sprout andsurprise blooms appear. lagunabeachpoet 
 waiting for that smoke out from santi cause he trash at 8ball lol
 im going to smoke this fever away.
 my dad just told me that when he retires he wants to smoke weed with me lmfao
 besides weed  
 if an electric train is travelling south  which way is the smoke going 
 dude danielle spent like 200 at the weed store the other day 
 @thepatdowney okie dokie.  where there is smoke there is fire.  historyrepeats
 @zbreezy you thought  know damn well im not letting you smoke anymore
 okay  skeet  smoke  sleep  call miss  text  woke  spoke
 kimievans catherine garcia nbc7 san diego looked like smoke rolling amp felt like a cold blanket once in it 
 lmfao my dad told me i wasnt cool enough to smoke with him
 i was here but now im not  i went to go smoke a bowl of pot  i wrote this poem to prove a point life aint shit without a joint  
 @alifaith55 @ernestoyerena check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days via 
 @jordanchariton @kfyrtv check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days 
 @loveelayy where the weed at  
 this aint la weed this shit came from texas
 excuse me while i smoke this blunt in private
 still going to smoke bc whatever but the effort was nice 
 like smoke  i hung around in the unbalanced.
 my mom said i cant smoke anymore and i can only get edibles or oils 
 as long as there is weed involved.
 mom your car doesnt smell. me uhh  when did it smell mom you thought i couldnt notice the marijuana me i quit... mom i can tell. 
 im real life forever single but on the bright side i have not smoked anything in 2 days i gotta interview inda morning.
 monkey smoked me at madden 
 @johniadarola @cenkuygur @anakasparian this cant be real there is no republican that would agree to this they know they would be smoked
 my  would be up asf if i didnt smoke 
 washington was one of the first states to legalize marijuana and gay marriage. we are the realists
 i told my weed man pull up
 hornets got smoked again and next two games are vs. dubs and jazz. trouble.
 @jenelleeason they smoke weed
 @ahyp the weed stores on 6th open till 11. i got 5 on it
 your mom smoked weed in the bathroom with him  he said she had the best snacks for munchies
 shes a rose in a field filled with weeds
 felt so good to smoke weed and play video games all day  havent had a lazy day in foreverrr
 i was looking through my camera roll and holy smokes has this school year fd me up
 almost fought a female tonight bouta eat a xan smoke a bubbler eat top the tater get a blowjob while watching its always sunny then sleep.
 i needa get some weed from my boy creed. my guy is informed  
 i was told to not drink and smoke but its hard af because im 21 and i just wanna party and have fun i just wanna have a normal life maaaan
 @iiovefilm @chloertrapp is this the flick about the teenage weedman kills this girls dad
 if i had a gf ill smoke less but thats nothing going to happen no time soonso im just going to buy a xbox 
 langdon ave s fire. being kept back by police. still waiting for info. large amount of smoke in the area. gooddaytb 
 my legs are so scratched up from hiking in the weeds
 22 days clean i miss weed
 he on them trains but i told myself i wasnt going to take no more cause i need my life im just going to stick w my weed 
 it was honestly such a long day i just want to smoke a blunt 
 i didnt know how to smoke until november 5
 stranger asked me if i was from bay area amp when i told him i have lived here for 10 years he asked me where the weed at. if only i knew. 
 that weed was 
 theres no weed in my household. i didnt wake up in time to make it to the shop. im annoyed.
 mannn i remember when weed used to really fuck me up like i couldnt talk  now i be just laughing and bool
 @kgbveteran @cnnpolitics ... he clubs baby seals  doesnt spay and neuter cats and dogs  smokes a pack a day  eats gluten  drives an suv...
 thought i didnt have any weed. search my car and found enough nuggs to find a blunt. need to get my life together smh
 thought i didnt have any weed. search my car and found enough nuggs to roll a blunt. need to get my life together smh egsom
 i have chest pain   you smoked pcp. this is basic cause and effect.
 ima jus smoke my problems away
 one of the funniest stories i seen so far today is about the 74 year old man passing out weed cookies at church 
 woke up to some bomb ass weed
 just woke up time to smoke
 dassa whole lotta weed 
 people told me bout the flames i couldnt see through the smoke
 @ohtruckthat considering marijuana stays in your system 30 days after use  its ridiculous. they cannot pinpoint when you did it.
 @riggsbarstool smoke alert at the senate confirmation hearing of new epa director scott pruitt 
 are you over walking through smoke clouds contact @suhealthpro if interested in this event in austin. 
 @kissmypinkx i was tryna smoke witchu yesterday but you fell asleep 
 so my mom found out her coworkers smoke weed amp shes bringing them food but when i do it   the devils taking over my life 
 @tamacun51362 @moedot13 @trapgrampa @letrollin okay  first off stfu. second off my best friend is islamic and smokes weed. third stfu.
 i had a dream i was on a train amp my bd left a big ass bag of weed on the other seat when he went to pee amp some spanish guy tried to take it
 if i quit smoking weed how long do yall think i would last
 one time i smoked with my mom and she was so high she was walking side ways lol
 my dad has been a smoker my entire life and yesterday he told me he was going to quit best news ive gotten this y 
 maple latte with hemp milk. @ maglianero 
 if i couldnt sing i would smoke all the time
 lovesminiblog | heres where you can legally smoke weed marijuana in 2017 so far  via @sai nevada
 @forrestatty @frankbruni @nytimes why is that important it is not important who cares how he was introduced. just more smoke and mirrors
 i kept smell weed at work i was like wtf .. looked in my pocked and found a gram 
 my professor when i was in high school we didnt cry  we just smoked blunts
 getting out of toledo will definitely end any bad habits i have.. cough cough weed lmao i just be bored and i be like why not
 way better weed in atlanta 
 this guy in front of me has been hotboxing his vape for a solid 10 minutes just to open his sunroof and watch all the smoke pour out....
 since when does the weed man pour  weed in you hand instead of a plastic bag.
 smoke weed  dodging feds cause my head hard
 definitely not off that boo boo weed you had  
 we used to netflix and roll  he used to pass me the smoke
 i already miss weed
 i think your smoke y margarita would be  
 we support medical weed as a form of pain therapy  
 smoke some weed so i can stay away from all the struggles faced today. they dont listen when i talk feel like my voice just fades away
 i need weed atlanta
 best marijuana symbol ever weed.  cgc twmjf 
 @dakotashea3 it is lol please go you wont regret it it like right by the stadium and that smoke shop
 @ghosttenant @adamstirling its an issue thats certainly easy to get lost amongst the weeds  endlessly arguing semantics vs substance.
 so basically i was about to smoke out that shit and when i turned to grab it it fell off my dresser  
 my dad said ima have a chicken. and a cow and a bunch of weed 
 @cnnpolitics spicer definitely smokes crack
 if you smoke weed at the old middle school youre smoking weed at a soon to be church plz stop
 i have no respect for people that smoke weed  but now all you hangout with is a bunch of pot heads  
 you know its been a long ass day at work when you gotta take a smoke break and sit outside lmao finnaquit  
 trump has already filed for 2020 so his donors can get away with giving him money no one knows about thanks to scotus. smokethat
 @imninoman. shit smoke  
 @aggie42066 hey flower child go smoke some pot. no one will visit your skanky room lol
 people passing faster than i pass weed
 i had to tell my sister how i needed to go out and smoke after that  she thinks im nuts
 a whole lotta smoke blowing in the segment inners
 @wp32dive and weeding them out  as they should  is going to be a tall task. really is sad  its gotten to this point.
 i looked at my dad amp said why do you look like you just smoked hella weed amp he said i didnt inhale it... what
 willie nelson products kick off mature marijuana market in las vegas nbc ksnv news 3 
 willie nelson products kick off mature marijuana market in las vegas 
 i was trying to be supportive and uplifting by making a weed joke to my narc brother and this is what i get 
 lost everything back to selling soap again  just quit yesterday think im bout to smoke again
 witnessed some smoke  saw fire crackers  and saw debris from the protest while catching a ride down bancroft. ucberkeley
 when its the weekend and you know ur ab to smoke away ur problems @adrienneee01 
 @kingjsversion @marietyler49 @wesleyguzman11 @icymarcosbruh @kdom93 @patrickhall smoke session at tys. come thru.
 @lautncr i was getting ready to tell you to smoke some weed because it would get rid of the pain but it wouldnt be good for smoke to be in
 moodsmoke n smoke some more
 @rafaelvet26 smoked some hash out of those little energy drink cans  i was stressed tho man.  thats my excuse haha
 @rafaelvet26 dude i smoked before a convoy and it felt like i was in a video game.  lol. never been so ripped
 @devincliver i dont even remember how i felt during that. it was so long ago. my friend jeremy smokes it every once in a while.
 me stop stressing me out while i smoke damn mom your always smoking when i try to talk to you about life me exactly so chill brah
 if it wasnt for weed i wouldve been lost my mind
 in 1984 the mayor of philly was jailed only 8yrs for droppin a bomb on a house in west nd people still out here getting life for sum weed
 my mom was in a sorority my dad was in a fraternity...jake and i just smoke pot  i watched anime through college and hes only good at xbox
 @ucpdcal @leahrboss they wont disperse sir well switch from panzies to dandelions that will weed them out.
 ucberkeley burning all their birkenstocks and hemp
 do all niggas in la smoke 
 im always torn between being a good girlfriend n waiting for stacey to be home to smoke or just smoking without him
 @correyhope wtf..go smoke your crazy pipe and hop back on the crazy train u fell off of
 waiting on the weed man 
 i told niggas weed was finna be like alcohol 
 this blunt shoulda been smoked witxhu
 you know someones a stoner when they say pro tip usefulrandom weed tipfact..
 53 smoked weed and did a spot on perfect kevin malone impression
 who got weed in houston
 i will not smoke again i was too high today and thought i was losing my mind .
 willie nelson visits downtown las vegaswith a shtload of weed   @williesreserve 
 willie nelson products kick off mature marijuana market in las vegas  via @news3lv legalweed brands lasvegas
 not the way the crackhead trying to tell me that weed is bad...boy the justice im about to hit you with lol
 LA or Memphis or The Bay Area
 i smoked with an old friend today and i felt good af
 that video was so funny he was straight crying cause his weed was sooo good. lmfao 
 @dory bae chill i dont smoke gosh why tf you always tripping
 i just want to ride in my ri e with the top down and smoke weed with my niggas @wizkhalifa tgod
 shay tapped out one time on me an bird smoke ses weak aaas
 lemme smoke all my problems away
 he only wants me for my weed  lolgetyaown
 i saw my new neighbor for the first time and he is like 30 and had a big beard with a plastic bag around it and he smelled like the weeds
 this is what happened before weed was legal. makeup tho  weedaretheworld weedthepeople 
 the weed in cali too strong
 @sarahksilverman think how great it will feel just before we all go up in smoke to turn and tell republicans  see  i told you so
 nothing but bad  bougie  bitches passing the weed  @ atlanta  georgia 
 you smoke mids 
 you smoke a lot of pot dont you  or was it just today  @jeffmueller
 my dad just said he smoked when he was 8 i love..... alex turner
 listen to smoke all my reefer ft famous dex amp bay swag by lite fortunato np on soundcloud  @famousdex  thay way
 listen to smoke all my reefer ft famous dex amp bay swag by lite fortunato np on soundcloud  @famousdex  thay way
 so comforting to have such a vindictive potus who wants to get in the weeds on anyone who opposes him. 
 i mom threw my weed in da trash
 @straleyraymond im a dumbass because i didnt know that you threw a cannabis smoke bomb at the media okay you probably are high
 all i said was sell me some weed 
 @marcbrodyreal no smoke and mirrors just like you bringing up obama got him elected. hate got him elected and he still lost the popular vote
 canopy growth changed its ticker symbol from cgc to weed
 every time 12 be out here in my neighborhood the weed man always hitting one of us up like they out here for him
 @amazinavenue @snytv get that man a pack of smokes
 thank you katysupplyvapesllc  1st to have our vape kit breathe  500mg organic industrial hemp extract  additive 
 trump is like a chapel partner in school who looks at playboy during the sermon amp smokes in the choir robe room nationalprayerbreakfast
 @pollytickel @chriscrocker @schwarzenegger nice to know others had green tea amp cannabis brownies for atheist breakfast. howdy
 yeh i definitely need to smoke one
 @owebsterondes we are thinking of you doing your superbowl cook. he just told me he is fixing a surprise for me hope smoked salmon samprj
 i am in soooo much pain i almost want to smoke before school
 i have never smoked pot but when i get back to nevada where its legal its on like donkey kong 
 when its your weed you can take as long as you want with 
 lmao  partially bc the whole city would smell like weed son . 
 extension of house means disturbance to soil  setting the stage for compaction n weeds. compost needed to work the 
 @ramzelle @hightimesmag oh and when he said  i didnt really have a problem with the kkk  until i found out they smoke pot
 for my birthday he told my mom i smoke  he was like well what you expected she fw the weed man himself 
 emily chain smoked all my  too long of a road trip  am bored cigs
 i think i miss weed but im not sure
 i misss smoking weed
 its okay we all know you would of smoked them allllll  luv u  
 get smoked liked dutchs by the master....
 @mittensgough @jreidespn plz son  send me some of that weed
 happened to walk away from my 12 yr old sister on facetime and kennedy took over and showed her a bunch of weed 
 so nobody sell weed in la now
 does quitting weed make you eat more or less replytweet
 dining room of birds smokehouse get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app 
 @natebooger this is weeding out the weaklings
 the dangers of marijuana   stay safe 
 @f8lst4bw0und they are all going to buy weed and its so cute. acting like its a big field trip.
 long live smoke 
 i just told my parents i smoke weed over facetime and my dad smiled lol
 okay then buy some weed 
 your mom thought there was one type of weed  that being marijuana. im not surprised lol. 
 its cool that my mom doesnt care that i smoke in my room but i like to keep that shit private.
 if you smoke weed stay away from me 
 @jsummers71 @youtube @drlauraljones very conservative. just the smokers documented switching in the u.k. would more than cover that.
 all i want is a loyal bae that i smoke gas with 
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 the guy i used to buy weed from in mexico found out ill be down there tuesday and he wont stop hitting me up. goodbyeeee
 my brother in law was dead ass giving me weed today
 @gencyclopediax lmfao i was waiting for someone to hit me so i can say i dont smoke  you ruined my joke 
 i wasnt joking about the smoke. in the cold open  another robed guy woke up a dragon that looked like it was made 
 when the weed man come threw and do 7 for 3
 when i look at paco i honestly think to myself i cant believe i ever wasted so much money on weed smh i was so immature amp dumb.
 definitely. barry smoked her out too. 
 logan by far is the most stressful movie i have watched so far. holy smokes. but so good.
 grand slam cuba holy smokes
 ashlee got weed. im jealous 
 question are we willing to trade our national view on medical cannabis in trade to save 1000 more lives how about 
 i remember in middle i told my gf at the time that smoking weed was bad and that i would get mad lmao
 i told my daddy what happened to me while i was smoking and he gone tell me i knew you had that weed blood in you bbg 
 i would drive 6hrs round trip if i could get a good amount of quality medical weed tbh
 when in pain weed it out...
 who needs to buy weed when you get it wrapped in ones for tips at work
 shes dating a criminal whos been charged with 3 counts of marijuana and driving without registration. oh how classy.
 bullylisalemonin4words take away her weed
 they need a weed app  shit would be lit asf 
 just starting my day  going to smoke some food later @ worcester  massachusetts 
 so what we get drunk so what we smoke weed where just havin fun thats how its suppose to be 
 i miss weed so much...
 damn they done smoked so much they forgot who they casted suitelifeofzachandcody 
 no fraud on repeat. i need to smoke @nickiminaj did thaaaat 
 tb to tenth grade when mr bicknese would tell us which kind of weed to smoke
 there is bad juju in dc  and the time is now to weed out the bullshitwe cannot afford thegimme time politicians who pander to the camera
 sacramento is the city of trees for a reason. lotta lotta dope smoke
 @wwebitches @torrie11 gonna have a smoke  that wont bring down my erection  its pulsing. @kingmarliedave its gonna explode soon.
 it never fails the smoke alarm chirping low battery has to go off at about 330 am. not possible for it to happen in the middle of the day.
 stepped outside to smoke a cig and now the birds waking up
 today gov. jim justice rails on gop for no budget plan  marijuana debate in house  flooring plan in logan co. to close  and marchmadness
 the most ironic part of my day is driving by the employee smoker lounge at the hospital. its always full of pro
 the most ironic part of my day is driving by the employee smoker lounge at the hospital. its always full of people.
 a large amount of marijuana was reportedly found in the car 
 business is booming for south jersey medical marijuana facility but the stigma remains  
 we should def keep cannabis away from these guys. far too dangerous... 
 beat hitting so hard the smoke shakin
 its been 7days since i smoked...i will nt spend mii on that weak mess anymore imdone for life
 i stay losing weed
 kind shocked that @979wnci jimmy is anti weed i dont think he understands the demographic of a top40 radio station.
 @melvinstweetin flames and smoke from under the hood and all the wiring back to the trailer breaks started burning. i dont know man
 @juliavisconi and by boyfy i mean a pound a weed
 excuse me while i smoke this blunt in private
 @wwebitches @torrie11 not a smoke right now  that would not bring erection down either @kingmarliedave 
 hoping bae gets here before javan wakes up so we can smoke amp talk abt shit for a lil bit.
 me eats weed brownie me 5 minutes later  man this shit weak eat 2 more  me 1 hour later   
 day 2 without weed and i both fell asleep and woke up crying so this seems to be going really well
 my old flame smoke signs to me like eternal burning kennedy  touching fire amp teaching pain  learning so no loves in vain
 who needs weed in la 
 i miss my weed man who wasnt tryna get with me  life was simpler then 
 @tristanbautista lmao how would you even smoke that
 @tristanbautista lmao how would you even smoke that without dying
 should sb236 pass  nevada would join only the city of denver in allowing for social marijuana use 
 i thought hummus was weed.   my dad
 follow me on instagram @ jw2008gcc. its set to private to weed out all the spam accounts.
 its noon and joce and i already watched an episode of the real oneils  smoked a blunt  made out  and wrestled 
 d.c has the best weed out here
 @thechuckiej apparently weed does kill brain cells
 long live smokey
 this would be the perfect getaway to have some weed plants amp smoke backwoods  
 in texas a large  loud truck peeling out in a puff of smoke is the equivalent of the jersey shore botharebad4enviroment douchemagnets
 you smoke midget  i smoke cali
 fuck. i lost my weed again
 but people get in serious trouble for weed  
 ugh why is there so many ugly ass names for marijuana
 today has been so fun  i smoked a blunt and painted 
 being very courteous to the smoke man this afternoon  
 just seen some lady walking into the smoke shop talking to birds lol
 always remember the days you smoke kiddos
 i love getting flaked on  bc in the end i would rather smoke a doob with my dog anyway
 t. pryor is good..i mean he smoked jno when we played them...but he aint enough
 i miss @wbradfordd amp our smoke outs 
 i caught it 420 aaaannnddd im in a waiting room. cant smoke.  @ sarasota  florida 
 weed is great  weed is good  weed belongs in your neighborhood. okay mom
 been waiting all day to smoke 
 i always drive with weed now bc of that new houston law and bc theres too much traffic bc of that fucking construction
 special dan dan spaghetti squash. smokey tofu  pickled cabbage  toasted hazelnut. vegan 
 got glamed up by glambygee @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 glambygee. thanks for doing my makeup @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 roll up your problems amp smoke them.
 my mom funny af she went in my car n i had just smoked in it n she came back coughing like i just felt like i was smoking 
 if you know anyone that has pot  go smoke some and calm downmy fucking mom
 mom im not a pot head  i just like to smoke before bed or like when im going out or likkkke on my day off
 my dad is excited im home mostly because he has an excuse to smoke cigars now
 flatiron magic @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 when your makeup artist got skills. glambygee @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 waiting for kaliyah to stop acting like she dont fuckin smoke so we can smoke.
 libshempstead glambygee voice make up fleeky @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 whats on my mind hairlove @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 is it safe to eat the seeds...would a little weed plant grow in your tummy ok izzy
 titaniummagic @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 i need to smoke like... im hitting hard.
 @wwebitches @torrie11 now i gotta have a smoke to bring down my erection again. @kingmarliedave 
 mmmm..we love this fast acting  long lasting cross of grandaddy purple amp durban poison come getyourmindrite weed 
 i definitely enjoyed my day off. early skatepark sesh  smoked blunts in the sun  got a tattoo.
 but allowing marijuana for pain would just be such a terrible thing  wouldnt it nfl  
 @crabdiving smoked a joint in jane russlles hot tub in sedona in 85 once.
 nice dry stout with a perfect dose of smokiness.  drinking a smoked stout at @fathillbrewing   photo
 palm trees amp weed
 driving lyft and my passenger had me stop so he could get some weed 
 i remember when i said i was never going to smoke weed
 boy omm i wish stephon would ask me for money for any amount of weed. im on his neck  
 only thing can hold me down is pussy and some cali weed
 i dont smoke phillies im a swisher man 
 my brother to my mom i love that aunt mary jane was named after weed
 rutlands outgoing mayor reflects on his loss i got smoked 
 speaking spanish to my mom mom i dont understand what your saying me donde esta la mota mom no i dont have any weed miguel
 crispy tater tots topped with heckleback caviar and a smoked sour cream  you dont want to miss 
 current status is relaxed and awesome cigar @ by the bay smoke shop 
 my dads friend group in high school was called pps professional pot smokers and they used to graffiti it lmfao
 and now i miss my bengal smokey  
 cant smoke so all we do is pour up
 fun fact the og chipotle is in denver  co and is right next to a marijuana dispensary
 @shitgreenysays barbecue at bears smokehouse  wings at j. timothys  pizza at trumbull kitchen. all good but not great.
 @erickbarcenas i didnt flake hoe  she out here waiting to get smoked out but someone flaked like always. dont wanna say any names ..
 debating on whether i should smoke now or later
 is toms crown made of dandelions a crown of weeds  nice touch. rakesblo
 first thing that comes to mind is that video of the bird that smoked a whole blunt and was high as can be 
 im a huge fan of good weed nd starbucks on rainy nights
 i actually sometimes hate the fact that my dad smokes cause he stays asking me to give him some of my shit 
 i just want to smoke and cruise
 i got no friends and a bunch of weed  im just happy its not the other way around
 fucked up bout to smoke cali weed and turnup some  more
 out here getting schooled about weed by our lyft driver 
 mom are you smoking weed me are you smoking weed
 @donlemoncnnnews all smoke  no fire its one big giant bon fire or white house aides or cabinet appointments have had contacts with russia
 roll a sweet smoke the pain away
 im in nashville tennessee and apparently youre aloud to smoke indoors. 
 wooo its soooooooo damn cheesyyyyyyyyy swiss  gruyere  gouda and smoked applewood bacon  
 had to smoke something to ease the pain
 disadvantage of going on a school field trip is that i cant fucking smoke 
 court formal ruling today to list monsanto weedkiller as possible carcinogen per prop65 @banroundupnow @cbsla 
 lotta lotta dope smoke
 i lost my weed and was panicking and i found it in my fucking makeup box 
 @billwalton smoked too much weed tonight.......opinions are wack  uclavsua
 currently waiting for my weed
 @house1212 im so worried abt weed
 it really is crazy to notice how little cigarette smokers there are in our generation compared to the last
 taking the weed out the hotdog amp walking away. 
 waiting in the whip on twitter waiting to be smoked out 
 just a few pinmarks in the trip. jad my first suvbomb x smoked 
 happy client @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 that shits stressful bruh  i dont care  legalize weed no gay adoptions  give me the key to the city
 is weed still a sin our was that just a fad
 smoken smoke shop lives forever lt3 sadiiiiiiiiii ifyouknowyouknow
 abt to smoke
 really wasnt trying to smoke alone tonight
 can ya smoke a ride with a playa like me amp youuuuu... flaamesession flaameone flaameitup 
 @foxnews its time to just smoke this guy hes going to cause problems
 well  i went to bad at 930 which resulted in me waking up at 330. this is the real question smoke a face to get back to sleep
 just posted a photo @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 why was i told hey smoke with me or come to waffle house i am literally in bed fight me
 my mom found out i started to smoke and i hid in the bath but now im out and shes still awake and im going to throw up
 glambygee libshempstead @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 dreads libshempstead @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 its saturday its always a good day to be at libshempstead @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 i lost my weed lastnight 
 this tweet was going to be funny but im fucked up and lost my train of thought.  this is all you get  sorry  big thanks to alcohol and weed
 @ignorancecosts @thehill i am prepared to believe it or be proven wrong. give me the proof  coverup with smoke  ill know there is fire.
 3 leafs clay stamps  marijuana leaf maple leaf  clay stamp  texture stamp  leaf stamp  set 
 its a problem when you have more weed then blunts 
 damn i miss weed 
 my dog ate weed when i wasnt looking. so its 9 am and hes stoned.
 today i am wearing @urbandecay alice through the looking glass in smokey colours time  mirror amp royal flush xo  
 right whose weed was that  karen did you ask 
 i need to thank my dad for forcing me to watch his favorite movies. i would have never seen back to the future or smokey and the bandit
 excuse me while i smoke this blunt in private
 me almost 4 years ago @ my hs graduation. i couldnt tell back then but all the weed i was smokin amp my sedentary li 
 he said she was staring and grinning but thats kind of normal bc ive met women who do that. but she aint have to smoke alll his weed tho
 the weed be letting you kno 
 @vicenews paul ryan thinks like ayn rand. society benefits if the weak are weeded out.take care of yourself  only. 
 to the man smoking weed on the train  put it out or the police will be waiting for you at the next stop. i love the cta
 my mans was mad shs smoked his weed so he had to kick her out.
 @henease @youngpageviews yp is like my weed dealer  tells me hes on his way then i end up getting my shit the next day
 @marjxbowker this girl woke us up at 2 am slapping my head and said you smell smoke
 @tinysongstress oh and also unrelated but it appears that she smoked his weed while he was gone without permission like uhh
 guy on the bus smelling of weed  repeatedly looking at his hand  and taking selfies.
 gotta think before you eat femininist weed head pussy rt @syesamaalt he gay not for diving in. 
 @jm116 @henease @youngpageviews i expect it from my weed man  not from my scenes man
 my moms said she only smoke in cali 
 his homie quoted it and was like  long story short  she smoked all his bud and he said get out. lmfaoooooo 
 apparently i smoke too much 
 @babylonface i been with plenty of nervous girls who also smoked weed and it  be drooling like a puppy. unless you got a condition  nah
 i wish i looked cool when i smoked @ nashville  tennessee 
 i smoked a bowl with coffee this morning and felt like i was on molly ..
 ughhhh the day has finally come my dad knows what weed smoke smells like 
 my brother dropped his weed. he thru a temper tantrum
 @kushfarmonline  man have shop  nodeez to  help people s to p smoking shop  nodeez  you smoke them out to out  pro smoking
 i was arguing w my dad amp he told me go smoke something youll be less crabby 
 my sister is the reason i smoke
 braids @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 talked for hours and walked on the beach while he smoked 
 skipping class to drink four lokos and smoke bowls with the homeless people in a west palm beach alleyway 
 this is what we call taking the high road. which i was shocked to find out has nothing to do with marijuana
 925 sterling silver marijuana weed leafs mens ring 15 
 i didnt bring weed to work bc i thought it was gonna be a good day..... but no everyone is being a fucking cunt
 heres the video of the smoke bomb. narn  @mitchpberg   
 yesterday i told my mom i smoked and today she said shed be down to try it. so whos down for a session
 .....833 on location  2 storey type 5 heavy smoke on a side ....stay safe 
 i miss bay area weed the most 
 the drs conclusion was that lack of cardio from being a lazy stoner is what puts u at risk not the weed itself lol 
 they need a weed app
 i can definitely say its possible to be addicted to marijuana however  i can definitely say i suggest everyone gets addicted to it its gr8
 damn u taking so long  last time i checked my weed is not smoking on ur mf schedule 
 i wish this cold would go away so i can stop sounding like i smoke a pack a day
 incense burning.. weed burning.. liquorwine sipping.. its a good saturday.
 maple smoked bourbon. oh yeah. bourbon whiskey smoked fire slowmotion @ industry public house 
 maple smoked bourbon bourbon whiskey smoked fire slowmotion photography vsco @ industry 
  and he smoked them blackexcellence 
 when yo weed man got the cash app gtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgt
 i am a stud. i smoke my stogie anywhere i want. w2 @schwarzenegger
 im going to smoke weed so this left over fried chicken burrito gets the love it needs im smoking a lot less weed now that im in less pain
 we started legalizing weed before immigrants  aw
 would you smoke with the hash hag hashhag shrunkenheadbong spookystoney thefang inkdrawing 
 .@repgaramendi congressman garamendi i appreciate your efforts challenging this big giveaway to the rich under the healthcare smokescreen.
 if it wasnt for track i would smoke right now .
 i can smoke weed and adore palm trees for a long period of time
 babe went to go pick up on her way to work but stopped by the house so i could have some to smoke on later.   
 my nail tech just told my mom i should smoke weed but  the gag is i been smoking weed  
 @alchemist turn that shit up part 2 .makes me want to smoke bulnts  do lines  and be in a drug movie with magical hawks.. calderonsurvives
 drinking a smoked paymaster porter by @crickethillnj at @crickethillnj  
 where the weeds plugs an in downtown atlanta 
 silas from weeds is so hot in season 3 when did this happen
 3 tips for giving the perfect cannabis massage  | the weed show  leaftopia 411on420 cannaoil marijuana weed
 my dad said that when me and my friends smoke in my room he pictures it being the circle in that 70s show 
 me and bae in day twa @ red smoke barbeque 
 were you serious when you said you started smoking weed because if you say yes im going smack the shit outta you
 that weed had me so high   i couldnt stay woke
 my boyfriend lives for the cavs and im over here braless while crocheting hemp blankies.... howd we end up together
 a lady came in to my work yesterday and said i would like to be sat at the medical marijuana table if thats possible please  same girl
 roll up and smoke my sins away
 the smoke detectors went off and the first thing my mom does is accuse me of smoking in my room.......there was no smoke.....
 if its not the funny stuff you cant smoke it in here laurens dad
 my mom just confessed to me that she used to smoke as a teen and i am shook
 my man  smoke one for the clinic 
 fuck the line at the weed store is stupid long
 @kendalltralle you say all i do with my life is smoke pot but you were there just with me 1 month ago. i mean my li 
 @srfcbear @leveepatrolffc @sacbattalion @bbbrigade i dont think they brought enough smoke for this.
 who got weed in boca raton
 mom ive heard weeds is good  have you seen it me yeah its about a mom who sells pot. mom i think id like that.
 tipoff between @wmallenbball and hempfield is 15 minutes away.
 id smoke weed if it didnt stay in your damn system 
 happy birthday to my day 1 thicc mami  we will always be emo trash ilysm egg  p.s. dont smoke too much dick to 
 some drunk guy just asked me if i could spare him a cig  so i told him i didnt smoke and he said youre too pretty to smoke lolololol
 im annoyed af   i couldve went and got my own weed
 oouuhhh smoke chilling wit sum hoes lmfao that shxt was too funny lmfao 
 @lexiiiiiistfu only valid point is if someones life was messed up bc they were involved in dealing...not weed itself lol
 told myself i was gonna do a tolerance break while i was in nola but just like that weed finds me 
 i just smoke alooooot of dope
 going to the smokey mountains this summer and the fam wont go hiking with me  dad thinks i should find someone on tinder to hike with. 
 the sandy beaches of an island is where i look for shade.... not from subtweets. the truth is  you dont really want smoke. miataughtyou
 could smoke to this album all day long 
 how is it so fucking hard to find weed in florida like damn a bitch tryna get high bc i lost all mine
 the guy at the smoke shop said edibles hit faster after some alcohol. lol. he wasnt lying lol
 finally get to smoke after this long ass day 
 lol have fun in la la land ya sheep. thinking alcholol is less dangerous than weed. couldnt be me. sound like some 
 about to smoke amp ease my mind
 when smoke a l  nothing is safe 
 my brother just woke me up to tell me about how good his weed is
 waiting on my weed and wings 
 ya mom so stupid she thought sea weed was wit the fish smoke
 just smoked amp felt like taking a selfie looks.  
 besides weed n beaches .. cali aint got shit for texas
 my dad said  boy be on that ignant weed
 i got on long sleeve rn  ima take a pic . where the smoke at 
 woke up this morning thinking i got glaucoma told my mom i needed medical marijuana turns out i just have pink eye from work... 
 @plumadesignands not more smoke on the train
 ay dnt hate on me cause u cnt smoke alot of weed my lungs r small and i will not be stressed
 screen cracked thats why its blurry.. im waiting on the weed man  who up   
 sarah to our lyft driver sir  youre gonna get pinched bc youre not wearing green lyft driver i got weed in the back does that count
 i always wanna smoke in my room  just to see my moms reaction lmao
 esp enjoyed @bobbyingtons choice to have smokey amp the banditesque outtakes as the aftercredits stinger at the en 
 fyi a dishwasher is perfect for converting to a smoker. 2 foodsafe trays and an engine compartment perfect for a fire.
 i remember i used to drink and smoke with my high school teacher. only in montebello.
 lost 20 bucks of weed 
 i cant smoke in my moms house. im livid.
 kirstens mom threw away my weed last night because she thought it was garbage 
 all im going to do today is smoke weed and draw
 smokin weed switching time zones
 im trynna smoke before i go to houston
 @jimsannes purple weed boo you made me go all entendreless
 mom going to go smoke another one me  again mom mom its been along time sense ive smoked  me long time mom its been 2hrs
 so much smoke surrounding the white house im sure the dc air quality has deteriorated significantly russiagate 
 only instagram hoes still smoke hookah lmaoooooooooo
 dreads libshempstead @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 u can smoke weed as long as u have good grades  mom
 formal 2 with this smoke show  @ memphis  tennessee 
 if youre not tryna smoke good amp watch flicks with me on our down time then gtf away
 woke up ready to smoke only to find that theres no weed in the grinder...
 the other night i smoke a swisher after a wood that was a no bueno  i hope it dont happen again
 my dad gets in my car dad  it normally smells like weed in here hm today it doesnt  me  i just told you i been sober
 almost every small neighborhood has weed trades at the corner store mike brown
 ill smoke my brain away to take this pain away
 we used to talk all night  but now youre like a smoke that fades away.   angnoo @ missouri 
 we used to talk all night  but now youre like a smoke that fades away.   angnoo @ missouri 
 thought trudeau would bring weed but all we get is refugees and gender equality
 waiting in the drive thru at starbucks and the car in front of me just grabbed a jar of weed out of their truck.... atlanta
 clearly mikebrown felt comfortable walking into the store to trade weed and the store clerks felt comfortable enough to smell it 
 cali  where the air has a constant hint of weed 
 psa im over all the stupid la things you have to like in order to live in la  including but not limited to pad thai  weed  dogs  etc.
 i used to be scared of my mom catching me but now i smoke in my house when shes home
 matt smoked weed once and threw up  now hes burning his dare shirt
 playing touch football on marijuana street .. or in a marijuana field
 my mom found my weed and then told me it looked like dried dirt weed
 she stay tryna smoke for free
 when she smoke her out  take her out to eat  and appreciate her then she says thanks friend 
 when you smoke her out  take her out to eat and appreciate her then she says thanks friend  me 
 several homes appear to be on fire in harrisburg around 14th and walnut streets. smoke is everywhere. 
 now is there proof that these are arranged murders and kidnappings or are you just blowing smoke 
 brees and i walked by this field of weeds on our walk today. i was 
 bitch  he was telling me smoke earlier and i was saying the same thing 
 the majority of marijuanas happen the day after yesterday over 75 
 @stretchhh88 unc has 7 losses tho...2 to duke. and gonzaga is in a weak ass conference. az would smoke them while healthy.
 found this hung up in a smoke shop on the venice board walk. 
 @netherlandshemp yes please send me your up coming news on  how to open medical  hemp  clinic store in holland
 all the weed men back in houston smh 
 when your sister gives you free weed 
 its a beautiful day lets smoke one harvest season april 20  2017.  muarkush la greenleef 
 nic tells mom to dab dad you know dabs are a form of marijuana 
 the sandy beaches of an island is where i look for shade.... not from subtweets. the truth is  you dont really want smoke. miataughtyou
 turns out michael brown wasnt robbing that convenience store  he was trading weed for swishers 
 the sandy beaches of an island is where i look for shade.... not from subtweets. the truth is  you dont really want smoke. miataughtyou
 okay. so whos gonna buy the weed @kourtneykardash
 drinking a smoked serrano stout by @pairodicebrew at @pairodicebrew  
 dropped out of school  couldnt pass the sats now i got two bad bitches passing me the weed
 i hate that i cant just call up @mariethehippie right now and be like hey wanna smoke  i miss her so muchhhhhh
 i feel so violated lol my mom was going through my camera roll amp seen all my lil weed activitiesi like keeping those to my self
 my grandpa just told me to lay off the weed lmao
 so i just watched this guy like disinfect plastic gloves then put them on to smoke a cigarette 
 my mom just brought me dinner to work and made weed cookies and brought me 3. nice surprise mom
 you can tell this man smokes a lot of weed 
 @yvngwavybattle figured. unc said medical marijuana booming up there
 really is fun serving people who appreciate authentic old school pit smoked bbq. we live to serve others. 
 @govh trumpcare smokemirrors. hcare becomes a la carte wpreexist conditions as riders worse the condition  the higher  to buy rider
 thanks girl smoke soon 
 buying weed in denver is fun af 
 k im willing to smoke out whoever does these research journals with me
 whom live in minnesota just found out im going there in july w my parents to visit a wolf sanctuary. someone sell me weed
 mom u smoke weed  me 
 i am going into a food coma  from tx bbq  sooooo good. the dog has her tithe of smoked pork ...  burp...  well that was a fun day 
 why would d.c. ever tell grandma that weed is broccoli
 @comcastcares did the tech go out for a pack of smokes like dad did
 new promotion   buy any 3 crown heads cigar and get 1 las mareas for free @ smokers haven inc 
 my mom really just said  i just had a dream that someone in my family died from an overdose from marijuana  
 did a old white dude say something racist wowwwwwwwwwwwww shocking okay im going to smoke weed and care for my skin yall have fun
 @natalieosman how are you going to bed at 821 if you cant smoke
 the real reefermaddness 
 came home and woke up in smokey clothes and a jeff cap  safe to say it was a successful day
 ive been waiting to smoke allllll day
 time for an immense amount of weed consumption. bye guys
 i shoulda been in there since all yall wanna act like boo boo da fool amp i wasnt even gon smokebut u ar knew dat 
 i be skipping school just to get high  the weed make me think better it put in a vibe blac youngsta 
 im bored and im tiring of answering questions bc my brain is mush  send me weed amp pizza plz
 oh yes. these will be perfect. an essential in the picnic area for when the new smoker arrives... texas winning 
 mom do you smoke me smoke what mom what do you mean what me fuck
 okay so after dinner i was thinking dave amp busters  movies  casino  smoke and then go home sure okay 
 @enflictt nothing because weed is wack
 the devil busy tonight breaking down my weed on my dresser and it fell when i went to grab my wrap 
  i peeped you had finessed demetrius but he smoked that shit with us and it was smoking fr but uhh whats good with you
 i think the first thing @blvckkennedy did when we got back was smoke 
 no mom i dont smoke on the roof.. its definitely someone else
 driving to my parents house in rural wa  everything as i remember... with the exception of the new gigantic led billboard for the weed shop
 see this is why i hate letting my girl smoke with other guys 
 my dad is walking in the snow just to get my feenin ass some weed. 
  he hasnt gotten thru weeding out all the idiots holding those positions. plus they havnt let him fill his cabinets.
 they burning shit in the lobby now its full of smoke.  why does stuff always happen when its time for me to get off
 @cokesongz stay away from the weed.
 drank drank smoke smoke just to ease tha pain 
 palm trees and bomb weed
 smoking isnt everything but sometimes i rlly wish my sister smoked bc then we could be cooking dinner while smoking amp it would be tight af
 please tell me why i walked out of my room to a house full of smoke bc my brother brunt the shit out of some pizza
 please tell me why i walked out of my room to a house full of smoke bc my brother burnt the shit out of some pizza
 i know my dad smoked the last of my bud and its taking everything in me not to go pour  cold water on him in his sleep
 you put the weed in the coconut and take it away everybody
  hmm  we most def. need to hang out amp smoke some  what happened to our perfect communication 
 so the whole week i home i couldnt smoke a blunt w my sister bc she gave up smoking right
 @marieglapion @nytimes my dad smoked 4 packs ciggies a day. my sister has baan a coke addict 4 30 yrs. nephew now on pot. ocd in my family.
 when i drink i be wantin to smoke soooooo bad ugh lol. but its la and its everyyyywhereeeeee
 @msmcpettyklaus5 lol but i dnt think we shld think that way. i want my next relationship 2be my last so just weeding out those incompatibles
 i saw my mom with some cigs and i was like you dont smoke. she straight up told me im not in your business so stay out of mine
 i need someone to roll my weed cuz i woke up hung over 
 a bunch of weed and a tall can in 
 ugh okay now i need to smoke
 @thatboyskinner nigga stfu  smokewop 
 des just told me if i died before her she would smoke my ashes .. true friends
 remember when i smoked some crazy shit in high school and dead ass walked up to a door and couldnt turn the handle yup me too
 yup that good weed 
 me too  but i dont got no weed and all the weed men are acting funny af 
 woke up just to smoke
 my neighbors weed cough is epic. it woke me up.
 came all the way to cali and still cant buy weed out of the shops smh 
 my dad was talking to me about smoking cigs but i thought he was talking about weed smh who am i
 woke up to no weed and no car.
 so i got called a cunt the other day but just wait until im out of smokes.. then youll know the meaning of the word cunt
 i smoke a lotta gas  drink a lotta syrup
 not so real for me types  i tell her anyone can have mental health problems days getting help threw the smoke is the problems understanding
 about to stop letting people eat and smoke in my car. i have to completely clean it out for the third time in less than a month
 where are you from  bay area ca   so you smoke    
 this explains what that large cloud of smoke was. glad everyone is okay 
 my mom went and got me a pack of smokes and dropped them back off before work this morning  shes the real mvp doeeee
 my ls just text me saying tsa is making her stay in cali. mind you  she does not smoke whatsoever sooo why refrain from letting her fly 
 dont let weed or dabs impair your brain haha ive been there its not fun
 at sierra high school i used to smoke everyday before school amp at lunch everyone thought i was antisocial but i rea 
 those summer days drifted away  but hell always float.. back through my mind like smoke.
 used to skip school and go smoke with this kid.. rip marcos
 my stupid ass sister lost her shit under my bed  my mom is going to think i smoke 
 i think i may have a marijuana problem
 my brother just smoked in my room. my mom goin kill my ass
 we finally brought the gold back to the smoke  my youngins goats  forever in the city younggods
 there gonna take me to the weed stores here im geeked  my mom didnt know it was legal for recreational use here... 
 i dont think i smoke weed right bc weed never gets me high but man when that edible kicked in 20 mins later yester 
 my moms stay comin in clutch with the ganja
 ughi woke up to the sound of 3 barking dogs and a crps flare. i hate when my carefully laid plans go up in smoke. pain pill amp quiet day.
 @kenlanagan nah hes not a patriot and he wasnt smoking weed so i think hes good.
 man u should have seen my dads face when i told him i smoked in nola proudfather 
 ju told me all i tweet ab is 3 things ... weed  school  and him  fuck no man
 @justintrudeau is stealing weed sales away from private enterprise. to ensure big business gets it. rt if thats not what you want.cdnpoli
 i would be so lost without weed and music. thank you @lilbthebasedgod
 my moms so heated me and brother didnt go to school so shes making us pull weeds in the backyard when she gets home lmfao
 im so stressed out all i can do is smoke copious amounts of weed and ignore it
 if your weed man driving a subaru he gonna charge extra
 damn who said anything about weed besides you  goofball 
 after hes done pullingburning the weeds and i get my bon fire pit   my mom said i could throw kick backs  fucking litttt
 was sober for a few days smoked a bowl amp went out of space
 anyone know if hemp necklaces are making a comeback i wanna be prepared. 
 smelling of smokes and stinky feet long rainy day
 i knew i shouldve never trusted my microwave. i bet thats how my dad found out i was smoking weed in high school. kellyanneconway
 should smoke. should definitely smoke.
 westside weed gt east side weed. its not up for debate.
 sophisticated year of high school i said no to weed
 its funny watching everyone i used to know sit in their parents house and smoke weed all day while im living hours away going to school 
 its cheaper to grow your own weed my dad
 whoever made this breaking bad movie definitely should do the same with weeds
 my mom  pretending her allergies are acting up when she smells cigarette smoke on me 
 i smoke s from the bay  i get from yo bae  @iamgiodee x @iamsu 
 some days we smoke  other days we grill. austin grill atx atxgrill @ austin  texas 
 i said i wasnt going to smoke but fuck it
 smokey salmon  roe  misago  spicer tuna in smoke box presentation bajalife bestsushiever @ 
 do you smoke swisher sweets or do you smoke phillies  wiggy wiggy wiggy wiggy wiggy
 its 2thing i have no problem waking up to food and weed other than that dont wake me up
 im not your minute man im going to touch your soul smoke you out cook for you ..tell you much how i appreciate you 
 i used to smoke when im stressed .. now i workout 
 my dads right i am a walking a weed bag
 @brothabr00ks pull up on me and les smoke one and we even 
 my mom just told me i need to cut back on the blunts or cigs because i have a smokers cough..... bitch i am sick nothing else  
 i didnt smoke all day yesterday and i was able to stay up till 7am 
 what smoker hasnt  
 @cannabisbiznews screw legal .. just smoke it .. never mind legal ..
 stainless steel smoker at birds smokehouse. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android 
 birds smokehouse bbq. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app stores  or at 
 breaking multiple agencies responding to fire in oldsmar.  heavy smoke.  waiting for more info. 
 holy smokes. stay cozy and safe  friends blizzard2017 
 great perfect amount of smoke    drinking a dumpster fire by @cloudburstbrew at @reddoorseattle   
 if weed guys used cash app life would probably be lit
 @fakejimprice ironic...i just smoked a bowl of pot. gorillaglue4 dansofficialpartypot
 i didnt realize it was this hard to get one damn gram of weed
 my dad who doesnt smoke weed asked me to get him an edible to help him sleep... what a time to be alive
 i smoke in silence
 im tryna smoke as much as i can this week bc after this i have to stay sober 
 nick is a weed addict and daniel is throwing away his weed to do better in school i dont know which one i am i think im seth rouen
 @sayumeki holy smokes no one does that. tbh so far im most interested in nozomi
 my 10 year old daughter just filled out her first bracket and it looks really solid have a feeling she is going to smoke me marchmadness
 things ive talked about with customers today gluten  fractions  why i should move to argentina  weed  minimalism
 my mom says im single bc i smoke weed
 whose got the weed for this snow storm
 honestly 2nd shift wasnt that bad. but damn they chain smoke on the line like no tomorrow.
 stay away from mid only smoke loud 
 fly ta cali for some betta smokeeeee huuuuuuh
 abt to smoke this blunt for me and robert bih 
 i wish the females i hung out with werent so boring amp liked to smoke as much as i do. i need a down ass girl to do fun shit with.
 @streetoutlaws you guys are going to smoke gasmonkey. couldnt happen to a nicer egomaniac like richard. with racing hes used to losing
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 psa it takes a lot of shampoo to get the smell of smoke out of your hair
 cashier at cookout told me he liked my perfume  i smell like my smoke. i was only there  bc my kitchen was momentarily on fire  but thanks
 i used to smoke a pack a day  so why couldnt i smell it all you did was blow smoke... why couldnt i smell it 
 theres never not a time when natalie doesnt have a cough like she smokes a pack a day
 confirmed  trump smokes mids 
 my sister used to wake me up around this time to smoke knowing i had to go to school 
 this cali weed have u like that 
 i just smoke man honestly.. an stay relaxed an calm. best mature thing to do
 my sister i found 20 me cool my sister nice now i can by weed  bet
 @that20twintwin the guy that does my brother in law tattoos smokes crack and his work is soooo nice
 i like the shit but me and jim had just smoked a blunt. that shit wasnt hitting the spot 
 ive finally reached the point where my mom doesnt care that i smoke weed as long as im not ruining my life 
 i wish i could roll up all my problems and smokem away in one  fat ass j
 debating on if i should smoke or not 
 been up all night taking down lil bae hair   his ass shouldve been bald headed  but his swag on 1000 doe . smoke then bed now 
 buttout go away with the platitudes.  find out why i want to smoke now. make a better app
 i know my mom misses the weed smell i used to bring in her house
 can i borrow a bag get your weed out of it first ok thanks mom 
 i woke up with my cat cuddling me and he hates when i smoke weed so he walked away but turned around and gave me the stank eye. okay boo.
 its apparently marijuana art day in the florida capitol. nothing like a 4x6 foot image of willie nelson to greet v 
 i was blowed asf lastnight i couldnt smoke nomore i fell asleep on everybody 
  im not around   weed man 
 just want cali weed
 i hate the snow bc it means my mom works from home which means i cannot sneak away to smoke
 i smoked last night and that shit was fireeee . i was tryna go to sleep but kept laughing at shit in my head . like out loud 
 apparently you can smoke dick
 lost in the lede is that shes also covering policy instead of getting lost in the weeds chasing tweets. 
 blowing more smoke then a train 
 i miss weed
 @graceanaaaa thanks boo as long as i got my weed im happy 
 not letting myself smoke or drink until im employed.
 all i need in this life of sin is weed and my girlfriend 
 making health care a luxury only the rich can afford  amounts to a slow genocide  weeding out the old amp the poor. its part of their plan.
 woke up  smoked a blunt  got a mcgriddle  and a mountain dew. now going into work. think its gonna be a good day 
 all this weed hard 2 stay sober.
 whoever used my truck yesterday was a smoker i can still smell it today. not very happy. 
 sage neuroscience and neurology  jcn special episode on cannabis. check out the podcast on @jchildneurol  
 so the question now remains  whos tryna smoke a blunnntttt
 false. still not tryna end up looking like karen from redondo beach aged 45 before or after she did a weed 
 large commercial structure fire off of fm 916 in grandview. smoke can be seen from significant distance. @dfwscanner
 havin good smoke
 i told my roommate i got medicine today and he is throwing some serious shade about the amount i smoke 
 when you stressed but your sex life  and theres no weed around  what do you do
 so les smoke a blunt 
 excuse how i sound  i was obvi stupid lit  but happy birthdayyy stinkyy  cant wait to smoke 700 joints w you tom 
 forever smelling cigarettes when i wake up bc my dad told the contractor he could smoke in the basement and he smokes a pack an hour.
 saying goodbye to my old friend smokey the cat was hard for she was the symbol of my daughters youth amp now its gon 
 yeah we can smoke and chill all day  but do we really have fun
 wish i was smoking weed in bed..... instead im driving.
 i wonder how my moms going to like knowing i smoke a pack a day.
 my tombstone will read  this was faith.  she loved weed amp calling men hoes.  if youre reading this shes already haunting you
 since we couldnt come to houston the fam came to us amp they wanna see my lil brother car but he smoked in it the last night  he paranoid af
 @washingtonpost no wonder the feds dont pack  look at the mids they smoke  @melannnnnnnnie
 march madness menu starts today. house smoked nyc pastrami amp handcrafted tots. marchmadness badgers 
 i hate vegas weed laws 
 i bought my weed but now im lost lmao
 if a bitch smoke tips she wont get the dick
 trump doesnt smoke mids  he wastes dank just bc he can  fucking duh  thats the truth not fake news
 my sister car is like a weed shop on wheels lmfao
 finaldestination  3 days away dont miss the money drop  lean amp weed give away   vip vapor lounge door 
 @sofargoneboy he didnt like it and i dont need weed to function so it wasnt a big deal considering i really liked him lol.
 @linahite if i can have a cheap electric smoker on my patio they dont have an excuse.
 my mom and all the bitching she does drives me to smoke 
 taking about 3 of them to smoke 
 i gave my dad weed amp now he asking who i get it from 
 @coachcoco79 thats what i told him.  they are gonna be waiting for him in those weeds
 @pdespn @toddburlage i too was lost. my smoked pork chop and rib tips fell to a deserving array of treats
 id be laughing if this wasnt a good amount of the reason weed is illegal fuck the government   
 smoke way more weed than a guy in la
 better to weed them out sooner than later.. 
 when i was in 8th grade my brother took a video of me smoking weed and sent it to my mom 
 if i hung out with you more then 3 times we smoked together. its a fact lmao
 @bucsfan02 they were definitely a bit of smoke amp mirrors  but i think that was more on the d my bro in law is huge skins fan  so i watched
 my sister doesnt smoke so she gives me edibles lol
 lmfao 3 in la liga gets smoked by 15 in epl and @girlshatetanner will still say la liga is competitive. lmao
 what weed man takes the cash app
 going to the reefer store
 dont forget your free copy of vegas cannabis when you visit las vegas medical420 vegas cannabis free 
 is that weed or grass i cant tell 
 if michael brown did not actually trade the bag of weed for the cigarillos  then @jasonpollock s conclusion... 
 yo who in austin  tx got fire weed
 the make sure you ink this deal so i can be a stay at home dad and play golf  find silly hobbies amp smoke pot for t 
 just told my mom she should smoke a blunt lmao. 
 cali next month grand canyon june and portugal in september all booked since i didnt have shit to do at work now to smoke and work
 i didnt mean to smoke this blunt by myself but my partner is going to the bathroom and left me alone what did he t 
 i know you guys will find this info critical  it smells like weed and spicy italian sausage outside of ups in sf today. update tuesday
 catching hypothermia for one weed sale 
 on scene north smithfield 26 maple ave. light smoke from cellar. possible electric service issue. dry chem to cellar
 in hollywood right now  just witnessed a homeless guy in the middle of the crosswalk  smoking weed out of an apple 
 lol. government smokes mids 
 someone is smoking my grandmas brand and i sat down next to them just to breathe in the secondhand smoke because i miss her so much.
 my god dad told me to smoke so i can keep calm. 
 when i was really into weed i wanted snoop dogg to be my dad
 the fat smoke and funny joke sitting like a sponge  letting everything soak
 @repjoecarr certainly hope @jimtracy realiz wethepeople of rnrtn dont bid well to blowing smoke amp calling it sunshine keeppromises rnr
 enjoying some smoked maple bourbon. @ artisan pittsburgh 
 im super laid back and chill right now.....its definitely this weed it has me on cloud nine
 what the fuck is there to do today in cali other than smoke some bomb weed 
 my mom told me she gets headaches when she smells weed so she would never smoke it.. bouta slip her an edible
 psa i dont smoke pot. please stop asking me to smoke.
 debating on hitting tha weed . or staying drug free .
 trump smokes mids out here 
 no way dude dont smoke to get the cool voice shit i want to sound like pain from naruto but im stuck at sasuke lvl 
 been waiting for my weed for too long..
 is there anywhere you dont smoke all the presidents men @sundanceorg time to watch again apparently
 my dad found out i smoke cigarettes  he took them away and when i got home he said were you smoking  im like fuck off
 lmao my moms asks us whos smoking weed inside 
 rachelmaddow msnbc this stations ttax paper scoop produced little more than a puff of smoke. t will have a deserved field day with this.
 smoking weed with your mom vs getting kicked out by your mom for smoking weed 
 i smoke weed cause life sucks  @supabwe
 i smoke weed cause life sucks  @supabwe
 going home so i can smoke lmao  judge me
 oz cannabis culture brand dopamine partners with us giant    mjdotc
 oz cannabis culture brand dopamine partners with u.s. giant  @mjdotc  
 @connrokelt @fatgoku64 well lets establish some ground rules. 1 weed puns are dumb. 2 @ebonicplaguebb has cornered the market on  names
 drugmovies uncle toms cannabis
 nobody in this house has weed and im going to cry
 jays here so that means my dads going to sleep in the living room and im tryna smoke
 get you smoked for little amount
 weed aint even weed no more... stay woke.
 im so lonely and out of weed. tragic fucking story
 i said to my mom mom i lowkey think you smoke weed she just laughed lmfaoooo
 @jason does sf really not have a hipster bbq scene la does. its no austin but lots of priceyandtasty smoked meats. i still prefer jrs.
 @alansemsar you impressed with the smoke ring at @lucillesbbq   check out the smoke ring on my tri tip. 
 one time in 2015 i was rly stressed so i woke up and smoked 4 cigs then puked  thx for reading
 152 am thinking about homegrown smoker
 started smoking weed everyday and it kinda kept me outta trouble cause i ddnt wanna share no more lmao
 austin just landed where the weed at
 am just trying to smoke a blunt with you and talk about how your day has been...i need me a bae first 
 luis came to spend the night amp i was so happy but then him amp my sister smoked amp now im annoyed bc hes high amp i wanted him sober 
 if his girlfriend smoked my sht we definitely fighting ion even like her ass
 i told malik i was having withdrawals today  he thought i was talking bout weed
 medical marijuana debate in vista over allowing legal shops 
 lil man said he bout to smoke dennis
 okay  just as i got up to come inside i caught a strong whiff of weed. hes definitely around here somewhere. 
 honestly...take care is a story of floating weeds  but views is floating weeds
 @noahheintz youre trimming weed not indoor gardening nice euphemism 
 cali weed  
 plot thickens in probe of house it contractors  where theres smoke  theres fire 
 tell me weeds bad again mom show me the stats. ill reply w them mids boiii. i smoke loud 
 damn i miss smoking weed 
 im pissed because i threw away my hemp string a while back without even thinking if id need it again 
 lost ma weed
 i handle shit so differently  smoke my pain away but in reality i feel it hitting so much harder but my high ass just sits there and laughs.
 i had a dream that i was driving around w a pound of weed at 4 am and i passed a cop going 50 mph
 not my mom   my mom would beat my ass if i tried asking to smoke with her 
 nah im just really looking for an excuse to smoke
 tip done smoked three blunts hit ihop and this man rolling up again 
 @edsbs but besides smoke some doobie what are ice cubes dad kick back times does he need to drink like 3 40s a year
 @queondaputo lmfao yeah remember we smoked a blunt of dank in houston and you dropped it out the truck lmao asking it
 if i didnt smoke weed i would be loaded
 time to hemplify at mickeys deli in hermosa beach hempextract 
 @lastcartridge they smoked in the stadiums. i didnt like that.
 im gonna die an anxiety ridden failure  who smoked too much  and did nothing but disappoint. im so tired of being stressed all the time.
 just keep me away from crack  meth  pcp  morphine  heroine  synthetic marijuana  embalming fluid  etc.
 i remember a time that if someone said their microwave was spying on them  you would tell them to lay off the weed.
 fell into a weed coma lastnight 
 long live smoke 
 if you get caught you better not mention names. blowing mo smoke than a train 
 when the mayor said stay home today  he didnt realize that im out of weed and food  and that im down to the shitty coffee.  wish me luck.
 who got weed in austin 
 rt yall have nothing to bust at yall stay @ the house with yalls parents in nice neighborhoods fake selling grams of weed.
 going to smoke my life away and type some papers 
 @annkillion the ole smoke and mirrors.   he would have gotten away with it too  if it wasnt for you kids... and your smarts.
 @haveacigarnc what a great place for a nice smoke and some wonderful bourbon.  will definitely visit again next time i am in raleigh.
 time for my morning medicine who wants to smoke with me bout to go live @ las vegas  nevada 
 my new smoke alarm works apparently  
 @monoxide420life @canuckalo420 llal me toooo fuck it long as i can get it ill smoke haha
 does mk smoke plz tell me the answer is no
 holy smokes @tacobell is stepping up their game.  no more cashiers  its all automated.  great 
 i need weed in la 
 i wanna quit smoking sometimes but then i need more friends who dont smoke too so we can do fun stuff besides smoke 
 driving on snowy @jacksonheights icy streets to get to the grand central just to drive to hempstead for work wasnt fun this morning.
 last night was fun  crazy shit be happening when we be tryna smoke 
 @glynnernesto smokers didnt get brendan eich and people like him fired for having the wrong opinions and voting the wrong way.
 let them get back to where the only extreme thing they did was smoke pot in amsterdam 
 my lyft driver was like what do you have a pound of weed in that bag  me  uh no.. im going to work mam
 dope smokes by cheif keef so damn catchy maaaan
 and my dad goes yeah when dad died there was a whole bag of marijuana outside of my car that i did not buy  i think it was the kona gods
 @marshacollier @harvardbiz tell them i dont work off smoke single anymore sun elite upper .00000000100001001010010 
 im the type to smoke it all away  
 @vaca079 @helloimrudy rudy no mames smoke everyone out while youre at it
 found skeletons fighting over a smoked herring and students walking around campus in my search 
 hispanic moms when they find your weed  
 hahaha the government smokes mids
 bruh so can i pull up to any dispensary in la amp get some weed without a card now or what
 exactly why lots of my closest friends have are weed heads  we all got troubles. we all got problems. but they 
 so. weed in atlanta thanks.
 i smoke too much... the problems of a 20 sumthin
 my brothers tried coming at me talking bout if i left a used apple on the side of the house like nah fam ion even smoke out of apples 
 @karacalavera as willie nelson says  the only way weed will kill you is if a bale of it falls on you.
 and if were going down in flames  the smokes gonna spell my name
 that afternoon smoke session 
 i woke up at 2 and was greeted with weed so i guess its a good day
 i injected a marijuana and now im gay
 @ssierraccobb smoke one than hoe
 27 prescribed meds after my brain surgery. marijuana did what all of them couldnt do in mere minutes. life saving 
 i wont tell but ill tell like tell shhh real but who an like castro smokes
 @marietyler49 @wesleyguzmanx2 @patrickhall smoke session at yo place or we steppin out 
 just got a quarter of weed for my birthday thanks dad
 what do you like to do for fun smoke
 what it do boo  you smoke good  yeahhhhh me too
 you couldnt catch me in the streets without a ton of reefer  thats like malcom x catching the jungle fever
 i still remember the night nate dogg died.. when i found out  i went and grabbed a 40 oz oe and put some smoke in the air for him ripndogg
 talking to my mom about how much weed prices have gone up since she was in high school.
 @ivankatrump @foxnews @potus need to consider cbd  the pain relieving portion of hemp  for pain relief.  big pharma and fda way too cozy...
 i smoke weed and im still active  what is your excuse
 my mom straight up knows i smoke pot lol
 ugh yassss hearing i can buy my vodkachampagne and weed in the same place sounds like my heaven 
 bbq field trip 2 we got sample plates of bourbon bbq catered in and it was so good 1010 recommend their smoked 
 i fucked that bitch accidentally i didnt mean to start drama it was just physically it wasnt mentally we was off the marijuana 
 ifightwith pain  cannabis
 yo this has happened to me before. nail lady was like u smoke and i was all nah i was flipping tortillas lmfao 
 i smoke weed and im a pisces tinderbio
  im serious. marijuana is secretly the cure to weight loss. 
 @colinmouth i am living proof weed wont kill you.
 @tbcjay the left thinks of weed like the right thinks of gunsa small amount of problems from people using it wrong lt a civil liberty.
 @missmanners62 @fakenewsur @harry1t6 @cernovich @smoss @realdonaldtrump the weed got that last brain cell huh libtard
 i neeeeeeeed to smoke weeeeeeed fuckkkkkk
 im out of weed and dont get paid until tomorrow afternoon i have no idea what to do with myself
 the only thing that kept me going was my will to smoke again
 number 1 reason why i smoke weed  back pain....
 today was a good day  i had the house to myself  i had weed  and i had netflix. couldnt ask for more tbh.
 fun story so when i was at the hospital yesterday they had to ask if i was pregnant or if id smoked or done drugs recently and my mom was
 my 6 year old cousin  sofia  has a friend that told her that shes not mexican bc she doesnt smoke weed or have tattoos.. im crying
 come to the bay and smoke
 almost went all day without a reason to smoke 
 she said she want to smoke with me i said bitch you shoulda said that
 she said she want to smoke with me i said bitch you shoulda said that
 damn kevin smoked his head pretty hard glad to see hes okay bbcan5
 chillin   waiting for the trip tips to finish smoking  @ renes smokehouse 
 chillin   waiting for the trip tips to finish smoking  @ renes smokehouse 
 melanias dad was a communist...well...more smoke
 @smoky41hd aw thanks  smokes
 i be so into my work idec to smoke anymore fr
 @kellygermalone ha ya  weed is a little less problematic  just watched van news about weeds lasting effects  slow news day.say no to jib 
 the other day elijah tied a lil plastic baggy into a ring and put it on my finger. i just realized theres weed in said lil baggy. that boi.
 it was hella sunny amp in the damn 70s yesterday and now today it wanna pour i hate weed man 
 safe to admit im a marijuana junky
 now if only he can stay off the weed.... 
 tennessee whiskey texas weed just dont give me the thrill i need
 smoke away buddy    smoke away. 
 when you find a guy who supports you in all ways possible  loves you  is loyal af and smokes as much as you so you 
 thanks for the weed dad
 420 stoner kush weed just followed me on instagram  so i got that.
 my dad and i had a conversation about how marijuana should be legalized  and it surprising went well
 sabrina   my sister is here and she has so much weed help   i miss my cousins
 when vinnys a cop i wont be able to smoke anymore so thats my excuse to smoke every day lmao
 @sitliaaa you too boo but we havent smoked in forever 
 bruh this homie told us a story about how he stole weed off his brother  thinking he was slick  turns out they had a camera  im dying
 @dougbenson arguing magicians couldnt you just appear in a puff of smoke on stage saying what treachery is this or some shit haha 
 i could barley say damn or hell around my mom yet my sister can cuss at her and simultaneously buy her weed.....
 i hate that im here in school amp my baby passed away on me   rip smokey . 031417 
 i hate that im here in school amp my baby passed away on me   rip smokey . 031517 
 @cnnpolitics smokenmirrors. dodged every issue. price bluffed lied his way right thru. moderators not prepared wfacts to refute lies.
 @diedstoned @jonahnro i smoked that shit for 20 years  all day everyday. it does alter consciousness  and i was dependent.
 do they have a tool that makes it easier to smoke roaches  like that way my damn finger tips not getting burnt off
 @cjreno6 @jonahnro oh is it i smoked it for 20 years  all day everyday. i had to get high to have fun. if i didnt have it i wasnt happy.
 fucked around and lost some weed today
 i told my dad i picked up weed today to help with my back pain and he was completely ok with it.  i knew he would.
 they trade weed for guns in jamaica bro.
 im so glad i smoked that blunt and fell into that kush coma  that made me miss my trip to the rodeo tonight.
 which is bad considering i only smoke at night
 thing is he came down cause his sister my aunty is having a weeding .. yea dont it sound fun  to bad me and my bros wasnt invited 
 used to smoke to get high but now we smoke to stay sane
 you straight smoked a chromosome away
 omgosh the last time i seen thejacket i was high af   that was long time ago  when i used to smoke ha
 who got weed in la i need to smoke
 i couldnt go to a mountain bc my mom doesnt trust me... all she thinks is that im gonna smoke everytime im out with friends
 im a professional at losing my remotephone in bed and then finding it by tossing my blanket and getting smoked in the face.
 hard to tell people elementary school i was smoking weed
 3.75 pounds of marijuana to be exact 
 kudos to my new  conservative rep. tom garrett for calling out fed marijuana enforcement inconsistent amp expensive 
 @cmsepeda27 it helps  which is why my current pain drs insurance company wants them to refuse weed to their patients  like me.
 lol my mom said its okay for me to smoke weed cause im crazy
 supposed to be driving to work  mom why are you going back to the house to smoke a fucking blunt before we clock in  
 apparently theyre bringing dogs to ipoly everyone hide your weed lmao
 searching for easter eggs filled with beauty products amongst colored smoke is the perfect way 
 im month in weed free definitely got pros and cons
 this nigga just said he had to shit grabbed the blunt amp been gone for a solid 10 minutes  if he smoke without me all hell gone break loose
 absinthe was illegal once...just like cannabis is vilified today. compared to morphine. absinthe once described as dangerous as belladonna
 cum play and smoke with me im going live in 5 minutes @ mount charleston las vegas 
 @shimmythepole @bcraighton my friends drink and some smoke cannabis i say no thanks gotta stay strong and hes not no excuses he lost
 im stressed out  why else would i smoke the weed
 hahahah a role model for our children...bitch every parent know snoop dog a weed lion and could care less about us 
 who got weed in austin 
 my mom is looking up doctors who can prescribe medical marijuana for me 
 sxsw who has weed in austin  tx  dms open.
 yo i need to find some smoke in the bahamas  and some cool spots hmu if you know.bahamas weed beach vacation cruise royalcaribbean
 blowing this smoke  cause i cant cope with this pain im feelin
 on the strip last night  i got offered weed and a guy said dang girl you sexy all within 2 minutes. im terrified of vegas.
 who said weed was a fun thing to do 
 damn...you run a medical marijuana clinic  
 waiting for this bitch to wake up so we can smoke 
 think youre suppose to weed wack then cut the yard. not biversa. whitepeople
 defense asks mom if she knows if her daughter used that  for marijuana trade. mom doesnt recall. says  is gone.@nbcboston aaronhernandez
 where the gas  dope   smoke houston
 love the question around celebrities amp cannabis brands. helpful tip think about what your product segment is  not who should be the celeb
 @nickii2blessed @troothbetold smoke dick you had maryland in your final four your bracket boo boo
 my dad was in jail throughout my moms whole pregnancy w me so she couldnt have been around any weed
 lost my weed 
 until that day ima smoke the pain away  burn a few down until i stop thinking  waiting for the day that i stop blinking.
 lotta lotta dope smoke  lol. yall be safe family 
 just walked away from some guy who tried to tell me he smokes his bowls with a magnifying glass and the sun.
 struggle is the enemy but weed is the remedy
 well see bret  time will tell where and how all the leaks happened. where there is smoke there is fire. btw  mccai 
 these whiffs of weed are hitting me like a damn bus.
 medical marijuana for chronic pain starts  roc
 i remember when they said i was only smoking weed cuss it was a fad. it was the cool thing to do
 some of the weeds blooming have the prettiest blooms  this appears to be a dandelion or so the 
 roll up and smoke my sins away  id like to go to st. tropez
 stigmabase | am   antilgbt group opposes medical cannabis dispensary  the pacific justice institute  which has 
 stigmabase | am   antilgbt group opposes medical cannabis dispensary  the pacific justice institute  which has 
 stigmabase | am   antilgbt group opposes medical cannabis dispensary  the pacific justice institute  which has 
 update my mom said maybe i should try medical marijuana
 not your average field trip seniors are being bused from their residential care facilities to learn about cannabis 
 @coffeeplz aw thanks i was never a heavy smoker and even less the past couple years so cold turkey is easy for me
 who got the weed hookup in austin
 the feds smoke mids 
 @flakkito787 one time my mom found weed in my brothers room but she didnt know what it was and she asked me and i said it was a spice
 how do u not go to school and not have a job like what do u be doing all day laying at ya moms house smoking weed
 @marquezjuan81 weed
  hey boo you my girl. we needa smoke one day 
 excuse me as i smoke this blunt in private
 thanks for installing free smoke detectors in my home  at first i felt guilty for taking them  but with 7 fire d 
 me theres a cop  just act natural  mom were not smoking marijuana  alicia  were just driving by and that is natural me oh  true
 if the leafs get smoked again tongiht  is it gameover for the seasonplayoffs
 why is middle tennessee better than tennessee   because none of their smokeshows have won the smokeshowoftheday with less retweets.
 back in cali bitch moonrock smoke
 just bought some sticks at walmart and the cashier told me she could go for one of those. how she know i dont smoke dutches straight
 @jakewim whew tell gator man to lay off the wacky weed its only 5 on a thursday. save that for the weekend. jake did you slap his mom
 mmj is no substitute for pain killers for real pain no cure for addiction lets all be honest  weed is for recreatio 
 @prageru @dennisprager i want so bad to see @benshapiro smoke a fat stogie. please make this happen  dennis.
 if i dont find weed soon somebody catching a fade
 nothing like some @gtskombucha and cbd hemp extract drops 
 definitely dont miss standing outside in the freezing cold to smoke a cigarette
 how italians smoke a cigarette 
 if weed was free for one day what would you do
 lmfao i wish i was exaggerating when i just said 400k im goin to not need weed clarity
 the muslim men smoke opium. day and night .thats what is in those water pipes thay smoke .makes them crazy 
  ion smoke but that callin yo gal part happened to me before i was so lost 
 adam left is pipe in my truck after i told him not to smoke weed  so i threw it out the window in the canal. hes going to be so pissed lmao
 money in the bag im talking large amounts niggaz in my lane i had to switch the route bought a brand new whip i had to smoke it out 
 thought i lost the damn weed
 question about legal marijuana. mg was against  but now needs to work with legislature to make it happen.
 @jodieemery @cselley i believe the courts will not end marijuana prohibition. pressure must be kept on trudeau.
 i told her meet me at the in n out  off of sunset. say she really need to smoke  she aint havin fun yet
 when i used to smoke my grades were on point.
 meats ready for the smoker at the american royal. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and 
 austin has terrible weed
 train smoker at the american royal. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app 
 lost in the smoke
 and she be like see you gon smoke your life away
 told myself i wasnt gonna buy more weed but then i worked all day and i need a zip after this
 since when does neda smoke  bbcan5
 kulich doesnt care about anyone amp anything besides her own enjoyment amp her child smokey the thug cat
 mom do you smoke weed me 
 we smoke weed and eat fruit round these parts
 about to fine someone to take care of me and smoke all day long
 i laid beside you and i pulled you close the two of us went up in smoke
 @ultravic i miss you boo  we need to smoke asap lol.
 @maddow you smoke crack youre so miss informed in your bias fake news.. 
 she is a flower in a field of weeds.
 being out of weed means i have to smoke cigarettes i found in my car when stressed 
 michaels on the phone with his mom smoking a blunt telling her he doesnt smoke weed
 mrs. weed makes learning how to compare fractions fun @mbseeagles 
 3rd grade erin was low key addicted to these things. literally got a pack a day. like a smoker or some shit. 
 this spring break has been refreshing. ive been surrounded by spiritual juju  marijuana  and fun company . 
 over here waiting on the weed man like 
 was just forced to watch beauty and the beast. @emmawatson was fuckin smoke tho
 he happy af bc hes about to smoke all that  
 so i forgot to tell my driver i only had my card so i couldnt get my weed 
 wotttt i live like 2 minutes away i dont see any smoke  
 so today my mom found out that my little sister pierced her belly and my little brother smoked weed.....
 nigga lightweight similar situation the other day but it was a customer never had to hold smoke in for that long ha 
 smoke weed eat fruit snacks.
 i think the pontiac is gonna smoke that lambo thisishowwedo pontiacvslambo pontiac lambo 
 theres been a massive fire in my neighborhood  glenwood. this is the view from my apartment. the smoke is billowin 
 i bought this fancy weed brownie at the dispensary and to say i had to choke it down would be an understatement
 my dad is telling me how they used to call weed skunk in his time. lol theyknew
 its hard for me to take you as serious environmentalist when you go outside to smoke thus blowing carcinogens into the faces of children.
 oh you smoke to hide the pain too 
 what if coffee was illegal and marijuana wasnt.. yeah that wouldnt happen.. would it
 patrick stewart uses marijuana several times a day to relieve arthritis pain  via the @foxnews android app
 my dad swears i smoke weed
 i didnt even used to smoke woods at all couldnt twist them
 httpst.co91jovylwwy . i like to smoke pot and work out. to the ill informed or the uninitiated in the 
 wonder if bae is down to smoke amp go to ihop 
 did anyone know that a train from tacoma to norcal was only 80 lul okay guys im gonna go trim some weed ill be back
 lmao bc you like free weed  
 its around that time when dan and i would smoke and just talk all night lol damn baby the get back going to be real when you touchdown 
 im not havin fun no more   i want smoke 
 facts im taking half that shit for myself then going home and smoke my life away  
 if this man didnt smoke 258 i would so go for him
 holy smokes legion continues to surprise and entertain me the strangest way possible.
 annoyed af  think i just need to smoke smh
 passing weed till im passing out 
 who in vegas wants to smoke me up
 holly for real went through airport security with a button that said im on medical marijuana
 @salon it is the 21st century now and cannabis has been around for centuries. cannabis is a safe medicine and needs to be decriminalized
 i drink and smoke the pain away
 my mom got marijuana cream for her back pain and shes scared to put it on by herself bc shes nervous its gonna make her high 
 so to california weed bc im high af
 @theoldmill4 @mcarusocabrera @saraeisen @kaylatausche @cnbcclosingbell has 310 miles to go to get his stuff in middleport. kt smokes
 @theoldmill4 @mcarusocabrera @saraeisen @kaylatausche @cnbcclosingbell  man walking into a store to buy smokes is 
 @potus you lied no proof of wire tapings just more fake news oh ya told us to wait 2 more wks for proof more smoke and mirrors no proof
 tom calling me smoke made me think of my dad... damn i miss him rip 
 raleigh fd investigation will likely start around noon  smoke from fire expected for next day @abc11wtvd
 why couldnt this crap waited another hour  when i get off break  smoke is going to pour out like a @cheechmarin 
 @pperks i was like damn what they smoke 
 at the risk of sounding like a grandma  why are you smoking weed at 8am on the train platform its a saints day not 420.
 how about reading  carlisle and hempfield all advancing to 6a boys third round saturday hempfield stunned williamsport 4945. hbgcde lost.
 happy saint pattys day stay safe use cannabis saintpatricksday green cannabis safe 
 @bostonems remember buried tresures smoke shop i got kicked outnumbered for passing gaslight  farishteyfans i an artist fartz of death
 i  cannabis  for all your trichome sifting solutions   lasvegas pahrump 
 zach and i are staying in a hotel in wv amp i heard a knock at the door and wasnt sure if it was him or not... then i heard his smokers cough
 a question on my exam was why bipedalism evolved in our early ancestors amp 1 of the answers was to smoke marijuana with his free hand 
 solo smoke session ft. willie nelson
 @mcat96 haha thanks damn though ganja and bleep bloop thats gonna be so dope  well worth the wait
 the burning weed with its roots in hell.sessions silence in 2013  as chandler gathered the support needed for the bill that would become
 who in austin wit good weed
 ugh ganja white was so fire. such a great night man 
 debating on driving to avondale right now just so i can smoke lol
 or just lay here and smoke later 
 @2050jr touchdown in dc but  the weed shops like 20m away            
 my sister needs to hurry up before i smoke this blunt without her 
 i just woke up and people are already trying to smoke me out its going to be a good day 
 happy saints fattys day for all my 420 brothers and sisters infowarwarrior smoke we do take the pain away for a little while
 happy saints fattys day for all my 420 brothers and sisters infowarwarrior smoke we do take the pain away for a li 
 wow...just tuned in and hear @btrain92 talk about the sherman trade interest and saying the only smoke in that story is a fart. imdone lol
 @brianjyoung1 put the weed away
 its funny how all my conservative friends and family love willie nelson but all talk shit on smoking weed and stoners. 
 its really grind time amp the weed gon keep me less stressed.
 that shaggy smokes mids 
 today. im not passing my weed.
 trying to drink away the memories  and get lost in the smoke
 aiden i had to hide from her parents his dad why do they not know you smoke a they still think shes a virgin d wait  ur not
 legalize marijuana pleaseeeee 
 im watching the prince  with @50cent as the bad guy. they just smoked my mans g. i sholl thought he was gonna spare you. thismovielitt
 i found my weed i lost last week 
 working amp learning  @ smoke shop bbq 
 lets smokeeeee 
 i just want a boo thats loyal  funny  outgoing  smart  ambitious and doesnt smoke weed 
 thanking god for the rainy days ... just to smoke the pain away 
 medical marijuana leader canopy growth is fully valued  says canaccord genuity   
 i didnt know today was st patricks day im not wearing green but i got money and weed in my pocket so dont touch me or catch my fade
 love when hempfield blocks the only thing keeping me awake in school  so long march madness 
 @sirpatstew topaz waiting to be formed the @010the natruly i have to find out the hard way how to make a topaz with weed and stuff cool thx
 bae doesnt smoke but he sure will learn how to pack my bowl
 @ianmckellen what if i smoke that stuff still the @010the why i be happy to stay far away from my self and scared to bits about till cool
 google search is it ok to smoke a blunt in the hospital
 yo my cousin is driving me home from school and i decided to smoke just now i hope she doesnt notice lol
 la traffic have you stressed out fear not medical marijuana with the luxe perk of valet parking. 
 if i smoked i think i would tell on myself
 @cnbcclosingbell @guyadami @saraeisen @realdonaldtrump @championiron @larrykudlowcnbc 1900 smokes  im on way. @kingmarliedave
 in the weeds is participating in tomorrows grand opening of the shops at la cantera farmers 
 james i smoked too much of the devils lettuce and it made me gay
 break up weed  who still does that  @ east atlanta 
 my dad just told me the only way i can hangout with parker was if my dad could smoke with him 
 we were talking about how our moms used to smoke weed 
 who in austin got weed
 my mans just lost an eighth of weed to me in 2k 
 no one smokes here because its all fancy  well guess what im not fancy
 now the weed man taking too long 
 i can always count on you guys to appreciate my bad weed jokes
 okay okay. we get it.  you smoke tons of weed.   but is that all you have to talk and post about gosh.
 why is it okay for a middle age man to consume 30 beers in a day and drive around drunk but i cant smoke a doobie
 i would trade my life to smoke with @l1ldebbie tonight at reverb 
 first uber drive of the day and my passenger offered to smoke me out lol today is going to be interesting to say the least 
 i member when vanessa was smoking in our hotel room and she told me she thought she was gonna get in trouble but the maid smoked with her 
 how italians smoke weed 
 no  i dont believe in hell yes  i smoke pot no  i am not interested in attending your church
 my sister smoked her quad i gave her for her bday in less than two days.
 you know youre in cali when you cant tell if theres a skunk or weed nearby
 lets smokeeeee
 yikes coach k..love you boo maniac   but you sound like you just smoked 6 packs of marlboro reds. everything okay
 my mom just said shed love to see my stepdad smoke a blunt. 
 at the airport waiting  what did we do before cell phones when picking up people while waiting smoke signals
 hate waiting on weed.  
 no word on status of hydroponic weed swag applemusicwest4th lanadelrey
 why in the fuck would you smoke around a child
 im having way too much fun with the smoke gun... 
 how italians smoke blunts 
 how italians smoke 
 step dad threw me some weed because im having a bad night.
 3 fighters test positive for marijuana via @bleacherreport app 
 im never smoking weed  wont happen
 my mom thinks my basil plant  was a weed plant lol 
 i be wanting to tell my dad about my weed stories but i dont think its time just yet  but i know he used to be off gassssss lbs
 im just saying normal college letter fantasies involve sex of all stripes  alcohol  weed  and enticing romantic partners to strip
 my house smells like weed bc of my sisters  and my dads oblivious 
 sos in vegas need weed
 @schleepington i was planning on going in this exact direction too. people have told me that econ 101 is a weedout class. is that true
 see i was taking it easy on the cannabis shows themarijuanashow but now game on 
 if you smoke stay the hell away from me
 drink drink   smoke smoke   just to ease the pain 
 i lost weed somewhere in my house amp im hoping my momma doesnt find it before i do lol
 mom andas amargada por que te falta la marijuana   little does she know i brought it with me 
 just wanna sleep the pain away... or smoke the pain away 
 @jeffgrubb @dallas413 @potus  all that weed man.....its fried your brain cells. delete your account. youre far from being verifiable yuk
 also  i have weed but nothing to smoke it out of and im apprehensive abt sacrificing a cigarette bc i only have like 5 left.
 everytime i leave my house my mom tell me dont smoke 
 i smoked w my mom today lol . that was interesting
 she told me no   im smoking up all the weed
 i just had some weed apple pie im about to be so high 
 @ronaldjlemus babe tell him what free smoke means lmfao cause its not that 
 im from the bay i love purple weed hyphy music  and seafood    yup
 les smoke  
 someone is smoking weed on the train im about to fucking vomit
 @mayalene he aint want no smoke they some hoes.
 you know iont smoke no boo boo weed 
 someone said hell bring weed from cali for me lmao whats that 
 on the train do i smell weed no  ive been smelling vomit this entire train ride. happystpaddysday
 i really shoulda smoked.
 whoops i accidentally liked a picture of one of you smoking weed on instagram and now my crush is gonna see it and think im up to no good
 i cant smoke no swisher im on that garcia  i told my spanish bitch gracias gracias
 after three hours  were still finding smokes.. talk about dedication @mwlordcs 
 my mom and i were watching the land before time and the only thing i could think was if there was weed back then
 i really threw somebody half a blunt amp told them to smoke it wo me
 man ive been waiting on the weed man here for about 30 minutes.
 me @ weed after not smoking for a whole 8hrs 
 @lisellle pro medical marijuana. so i am sorry you are in pain theres no reason to take it out on me. thanks
 mom do you care if i smoke an blunt in the front yard lmao
 who trying to smoke and shop with me later
 @leavenworthst social justice buccaneer sen. sara howard tax ne smokers but not drinkers 545 more per year 
 but while everyone was sleeping  his enemy came and sowed weeds among the wheat  and went away. 
 carti excuse me while i smoke this blunt in private   me bad bih gave me head in private 
 someone stole my sisters identity and shes not even the pot smoker in the fam bam  
 @jodieemery @justintrudeau @liberalparty the cannabis community forget it was the conservatives under joe clark that wanted legalized pot
 still debating on if i should smoke a blunt for breakfast
 im not gonna care if my kid smokes as long as he isnt bringing mids into my house
 when i got this cold i was like i dont smoke anymore it will be like a normal cold instead of lasting forever i was wrong.
 the time i convinced my mom to smoke a little weed with the intentions of relieving her 
 found this on internet liked it as it helps explains marijuana and hemp  
 found this on internet liked it as it helps explains marijuana and hemp  
 smoking weed dodging feds cause my head hard
 dont believe his lies he wont show for the g20 meeeting for nato he blew smoke just to appease you  hes a liar a 
 cali weed 
 told ya the weed be letting you know
 10 pound brisket on my @traegergrills dry rubbed yesterday. smoke amp grilling for 8hrs today bestgrillever stay 
 want a third gf. cant be into drama . smokes frequently . has to be chill and cute . no studs
 this guy saw me walking over to him @ work amp threw his joint so i picked it up amp handed it to him amp said smoke outside then gave me 10 lol
 @ekowhenry @c0nvey what was snoop portraying  the exact same thing. if anyone going to go rather be snoop does nothing for co except smoke
 i need someone to smoke one and pour wit me
 @normlcwa well  i think it is because there is no dui for it yet. same reason the police are against marijuana.
 @normlcwa if there was a dui test for marijuana the police would jump behind regulating weed stores. that is how the police get money.
 i would really like someone to smoke me up and buy me breakfast but that wont happen.
 my moms in town today and shes tryna smoke lmaooo
 i stopped to smoke a blunt and lost my brother 
 woke up with back pains.  about to smoke and maintain
 cali is really just sex stores and smoke shops if im being completely honest
 cant tell if its the weed smoke thats burning my throats or just the hot cheetos
 cant tell if its the weed smoke thats burning my throat or just the hot cheetos
 he was shocked when i told him i dont smoke. what how dont you smoke you in cali. thats crazy man
 i got so high and lost my weed. 
 got drunk last night and dropped 200 on more drinks and then i lost my weed pen. im so depressed.
 you can tell da people who only smoke when dey at school not at home
 had a dream that i smoked a backwood with @geazy ... hmu when youre back in the bay for these bars  bae
 mwam   antilgbt group opposes medical cannabis dispensary  the pacific justice institute  which has a long 
 mwam   antilgbt group opposes medical cannabis dispensary  the pacific justice institute  which has a long 
 mwam   antilgbt group opposes medical cannabis dispensary  the pacific justice institute  which has a long 
 my mom had surgery on her arm yesterday and shes in so much pain rn she just asked for a fumada de tu marihuana 
 literally. i would smoke with them in my gazebo. they did their thing and i did mine and never had an encounter. they flew around me.
 im convinced celebrities are the only ones who can smoke weed publicly and not get in trouble  
 losing at this pt is really tough..we were told to enjoy the ride. danny wacky hemp @hempstudsec2017
 smyrna fire station 5  this @biggreenegginc smoked pork picnic is for you see you tomorrow for 
 crowd boos as @petesessions says he doesnt support the legalization of marijuana
 just went in the smoke. going to do this one hot and fast. around 400 deg. ill post results good or bad. weird li 
 mom got in the car and said it smelled like weed amp maybe someone around was smoking so i took that as my time to tell her truth
 smoking weed dodging feds cus my head hard
 crying i just flicked the lighter and watched the smoke go up and it went to a perfect o... it was the most beautiful thing wipes tear
 so i got you some weed  my dad realmvp 
 @caocigars @michelobultra  enjoying marchmadness and a good smoke 
 california gym welcomes marijuana use w workout  leaftopia 411on420 cannabis weed cbd fitness
 any time my dad smells weed he automatically assumes its me
 roll my problems up... smoke em away
 @beacher50 @thehill fantasyland all they care about is their cellphones and their weed.
 told my mom she needs to smoke with me cause shes so angry all the damn time
 need a cool spot to smoke at in austin wassupppp
 the 72nd sura is titled srat aljinn and other islamic texts. the quran says that the jinn were created from a smokeless and
 well my bracket went up in smoke marchmadness
 my boo just gave me so much weed 
 free smoke fireeee
 free smoke was a good intro  passionfruit was dope  now all this for the ladies 
 free smoke amp a bunch of radio songs
 more life is kinda ass so far  besides free smoke
 morelife 1 free smoke 2 no long talk feat 3 passion fruit 4 jorja interlude 5 get it together
 free smoke already flames miss me with hate on this
 more life is sooo good. free smoke  jorja interlude  get it together  passion fruit  kmt  gyalchester  and 4422 are my fav so far.
 @vestigeslcri @foxnews use your brain make more money smoke pot and be lazy make less money equal opportunity for everyone. workhard
 free smoke no long talk  gyalchester portland sacrifice  nothing in to something  kmt lose you  cant have everything  ice melts  
 might drive around my neighborhood just to hear free smoke in the whip
 erika once told me i couldnt drive home bc i was fucked up from pot amp weed
 i smoked pot w johnny hopkins 
 well...more life truly started as basic as possible with free smoke.  but... continues to listen
 24 hours later  the storm of pot smokers has finally calmed down. that was fun...
 free smoke   no long talk   gylachester   portland   sacrifices amp kmt   
 free smoke is solid
 my joke turned to accidentally telling my mom about that time my little sister smuggled weed into mexico and now shes yelling at her 
 free smoke  kmt  sacrifices  portland  gyalchester  drake 
 my cousin weed fell in the sink while i was washing she gone beat my ass
 yup free smoke is trash lol next.
 the struggle of being gay and liking weed merge whenever i talk about a  grinder and it autocorrects to grindr
 like ok pr moms smoke w their kid thats wavy. thats bonding time lmfao a blunt w mom. i wish my mom would let that rock smh
 free smoke no long talk gyalchester portland sacrifices kmt cant have everything  ice melts  the rest are trash
 @bellofthebird perfect time to smoke a bowl too. 
 apple wood smoked salmon for dinner healthydinner @ budd bay cafe 
 judgejeanine i wonder if the judge amp obama smoked a little wacky tobaccy after their lunch
 the security guard at our hotel thinks we asked him where to find weed and he just told me where to get it lmao
 wait... was that nai palm on the beginning on free smoke
 kmt  portland  no smoke  and glow 
 top songs on drakes album of more life are free smoke  no long talk  gyalchester  portland  sacrifices  and kmt
 all we used to do was fuck and smoke
 my aunt knows im high and shes dry snitching to my mom when shes the one that provided me the weed 
 riding the sky train and such a beautiful sunset to stare at  on my way down to smoked out battles
 me im vegan cause its the healthiest way to live also me does 10 lines of coke in 1 night while smoking an obscene amount of weed
 cruise the city smoke a l
 wow my mom is 100 okay with the fact that i smoke.
 i stay away from weed amp drinking. its nevee been my thing. not cool to me lol.
 so mom didnt say i could smoke in jamaica but she didnt say i couldnt smoke in jamaica
 i aint smoke today i think my head gonna explode
 i love looking back at my retweets after i smoke to see what shit i found funny important while i was high.
 and if i go down in flames  the smoke gon spell my name round3 unitedwemo nplax 
 woaaaaah no long talk is fire flames holy smokes
 @atozircon yeah  i think i just hadnt seen it before. saw song names about the sun  winter  and weed and assumed it was for this season
 my 13yo sister told my mom she wanted to start selling weed. 
 free smoke is the perfect album opener .
 @ogkeynen ya im good just waiting to smoke
 i think my 14 yr old sister is trying to bully me bc i told her that shes an idiot for smoking weed out of a soda can
 i just did find a racoon harvesting my wacky weed   
 driving through glenwood nm today i spied this old school busthrough the weeds. worth stopping for. 
 the biggest rebound of caleb swanigans life and in purdue basketball history. holy smokes.
 i only listened to free smoke so far and that shit was 
 how swag would it be if i weeded rn af
 elliots mom was a bad parent. shes letting her kids smoke in the house while playing dampd
 the transition between free smoke to no long talk was way too good  morelife
 if she smokes cigarettes shes willing to risk an std.
 i smoke 10 blunts just to keep the pain away
 free smoke transitioned to no long talk me 
 we stepped out of a bar to smoke and when we were about to go back in they said we couldnt because we went to smoke weed 
 im shocked post malone hasnt made a song about how much he smokes cigs
 smoking weed slapping the dream
 free smoke no long talk blem gyalchester portland sacrifices cant have everything do not disturb  these bein put into a playlist.
 free smoke is the only song i personally like on the album. shoutout to skepta on the interlude.
 beaches and palm trees smoking that bomb weed.  
 aint no weed like cali weed
 my sister brought me my swisher but i forgot to tell her to bring me weed lmao
 im geeked   waiting on the weed 
 one time my mom dropped her weed and blamed it on me so i got kicked out 
 im just tryna smoke this nigga taking forever 
 waiting on the weed delivery guy like 
 people say dumb stuff like this but we have brothers going to jail for extreme amount of years off marijuana 
 okay drunk and time to smoke a bowl
 the guy said that was normal when i bought it  what the smoke coming through the floor board  or it heating up both
 need smoke in la
 a baby is born you fucking smoke a cigar with that dad  wise words from austin
 @kingmarliedave out having a smoke  slipped crashed into the motel door which was locked  ended up on ground and i got up. @kingmarliedave
 @kingmarliedave well my smoke was done  then i fell back through the motel door and landed on the floor. @mikethemiz
 i deff shoulda grabbed some more weed 
 i used to always smoke and never hit the club i miss that
 lmao my boy jose woke me up to smoke a couple beezys with him  good times catching up with old friends
 freeeeeee smokeeeee
 @kimmorlino dad said we were on a budget since mom is off work so we stayed at a motel 6. its actually nice except for the weed lol
 i smoke for a living apparently
 why are the smoke dectors going off theres not even a fire and they wont shut up
 boulderfire south end by settlers park. smoke blowing nne 
 boulderfire not much smoke south of canyon blvd. central and north boulder look very smoky. esp. whittier 
 boulderfire not much smoke south of canyon blvd. central and north boulder look very smoky. esp. whittier 
 here are some tips for the boulderfire   avoid outdoor physical activity and get far away from the smoke if you ca 
 and yet once again  i had a wisdom tooth taken out during the most stressful time of the semester  leaving me unable to smoke  again
 new dish alert lightly smoked mackerel  bowfin caviar  field sorrel  cauliflower.  try this 
 woke up 2 snow didnt believe it went back 2 sleep. woke back up amp said bruh its snowing i need some weed 
 so far im fucking with glow kmt teenage fever free smoke blem ice melts  morelife
 get to your local stater  and grab some of our delicious red apple and apple smoked cheese 
 free smoke  no long talk  gylachester  blem portland  kmt. 
 woke up to ride my bike but boulder is in a smokey haze. even my bedroom smells like forest fire. hoping this wasnt started by campers.
 the weed is way better in cali 
 i was gonna run the losangelesmarathon but instead i smoked weed out of an apple than ate that apple.
 excuse the marijuana
 my dad just told me he had a weed brownie when he saw black sabbath in the summer lmaooooo
 boulderfire boulder less smoke  hoping for best 
 we dont smoke mids n we only shop at target
 thoughts with all of my boulder friends stay safe. we see the sunshinefire smoke from our house. 
 do you smoke  remixgodsuede this is  lit funnyshit funnymemes lol  cali 
 im a blac young rich lul nigga smoke weed while standing in the shower
 i smoked with oomf once and now shes a weed advocate lmao  she wasnt with it before.
 @ripsachee more  free smoke  810 no long talk  810 passion fruit  1010 jorja interlude  1010 get it together 810 riddim  810
 norm smoked all my weed. never felt so betrayed
 couldnt resist getting a picture of this guys hemp clothing. thanks for sharing. @ the wynwood 
 @fatmankey what you calling for is it weed  or a verse  or ya need some dope  me okay  hullo 
 so favs are free smoke  no long talk  passion fruit  jorja interlude  blem  teenage fever  madiba riddim for now.
 meek... we not letting him slide with free smoke at all..
 4422  nothings into somethings  free smoke  passionfruit  jorja interlude  gyalchester my faves
 2chains smoked that hoe
 does @iamcardib smoke
 @noragi that would be dope is his voice on free smoke
 our cross media partners  robert friedman and cannabis lab huge supporters of highlife magazine 
 why you on social media acting like you do but dont wont smoke
 free smoke was the perfect song to pop off the album
 attention smokers who have chronic pain reduce your pain by quitting smoking.  thanks 
 waiting for the weed man ltltltlt
 first verse goes in hard. ima smoke all pain away cause thats the only thing thats gonna heal it  htpsyoutu.bezfw5abdc8
 first verse goes in hard asf. ima smoke all my pain away cause thats the only thing thats gonna heal it   
 just smoked a blunt with my dad and talked about our drunk stories 
 @joks2b no way you smoked weed and felt the need to tell me
 everyone tell me what you think are pros and cons of legalizing recreational marijuana
 thanks @smokeshollywood for bringing back the hangoverpoutine @ smokes poutinerie hollywood 
 i smoke pot with johnny hopkins 
 free smoke. no long talk
 for a second i thought i was back in seattle. driving on division and a huge whiff of marijuana punched my nostrils
 good afternoon america i just woke up with a gram of molly and more weed so i think last night was a siccess
 bring me a swisha n make it a diamond...cause my weed is shining baby 35 @ austin  texas 
 if i am invited into a session amp i can tell im going to only hit my blunt once  im going to smoke by myself.
 @tmcgui23 @ogbobbyjindal portland  free smoke  gyalchaster  no long talk
 someone just said they found her in the dog house...she was smoking that wacky weed. ...scuse me  what 
 @drake morelife was good  different frm his other work. i like free smoke  jorja interlude  portland  kmt  gyalchester  amp ice melts.
 lmfaoo my mom definitely took my weed
 day two without weed and im okay
 people passing faster than im passing weed 
 so were cool with killing a bird by making it smoke  but using a dead shark caught fishing as a can opener is more 
 its funny because twitter used to be this place i just hung out and talked about weed and porn and whatever.
 free smoke  @ middlesex  new jersey 
 he said i used to smoke everything
 i got smoke for you butch  u think you a real bad ass huh 
 thank you for the beautiful views amp weed cali  well be back soon   with love  lu amp hunt @ 
 in the mood for some bbq are friends at smokejackbbq in alpharetta have all the fixins to 
 the holdup she only smokes sativa everyone at the catalyst and tells me im good because im a pisces 
 beaches and palm trees  40s and bomb weed @ fripp island  south 
 was just informed my fam is a smoke show 
 i need an obscene amount of weed  rn.
 wasabi was just getting comfortable in my room then my mom had to go and set the smoke detector off and now hes hiding 
 one time my boyfriend threw away a quarter of weed we had just bought bc he thought it was a garbage bag we all hav 
 get high smoke the pain away
 we smoked a blunt before going into ihop amp when we got to our table my moms like you guys smell like theres a blunt just floating around
 having some quality smokes with my friend  fdgcigarsyadi90milescigars thanks for been at 
 @bmurphy900 yup. you can really weed out the bad ones
 so far its free smoke  passionfruit  blem gyalchester top fav  skepta interlude  portland  sacrifices  kmt  do n 
 i neeeeeeeed cannabis legal.
 i miss weed
 @thewongkid this might be fun if you end up wanting to try smoke shop   im considering going
 5 retweets and ill sneak free smoke into my moms wedding reception playlist
 im gonna upload selfies but tw smokesmoking
 free smoke shouldve been 17 minutes long
 i was here for free smoke thru get it together. this island stretch is too long after that
 my weeds toooooooo strong . its too hard to hide it . even if i told you where its at you couldnt find it 
 this vaca was great only downfall was loosing my weed lmao 
 just college things guys casually smoking weed in the dining hall entrance 
 hunter told me to smoke a bowl when i told him im from colorado 
 she wants to hide weed that you can smell a mile away 
 today i told my dad i smoked weed...since then hes been chucking to himself amp saying things like  youve brought me great amusement child
 i wish my mom was cool with smoking so i smoke in our backyard 
 @juliekrumm smoke
 chillen here at the marijuanaediblesesh smoking caviar caviargold staygold @ torrance  
 today at work i found out someone else here smokes cigarettes. so that was the best part about my day.
 free smoke is dope. glow with kanye is dope. passionfruit is flames. jorja interlude. and do not disturb is dope. everything else aight
 johnny hockey holy smokes. 
 my little man  growing like a weed. prouder of this kid with every passing day. kanen.rossi 
 nigga i will smoke out of a baby skeleton 
 @rickeysmiley you didnt have to put us out there from last night when we were smoking our hookah lol it wasnt real smoke 
 free smoke  kmt cant have everything no long talk gyalchester  portland 
 the refs smoked a brunt at halftime 
 @markbaden its a boomer and melting some snow  but definitely more smoke than fire.
 i made pancakes for ronnie while hes playing madden amp lets just say the smoke alarm went off a few times and it wasnt very good .. 
 smoke smoke drank drank just to ease the pain
 holy smokes this is perfect 
 me my eyes are so red my mom all that weed smoking  what did i tell you about that
 @akadimix he didnt steal the cigars  that was his payment for trading them a small bag of weed the day before
 duke is out. holy smokes marchmadness
 if i can play video gameswatch sportssmoke weedeat food with you for hours on end  youre definitely my type of person
 damn when i was in 8th grade renegade shit was sneaking out past 12 and driving my moms car... but these kids just hopped straight to weed
 oh my gosh .. i got ash in my mouth  i got ash in my mouth oh my gosh am i going to turn into a weed plant  peyton i hate that hahaha
 my dad never stops advocating weed to me and acting disappointed when i tell him ive never tried it
 free smoke drake wooo
 hayleys mom found weed in her bag rip
 im thinking about taking bunch of pain killers for this pain or a smoke 
 madden smoke 
 hes so stupid when hes drunk. in vegas he put the weed in safe and forgot the passcode so security had to come up and open it
 @djgodfather @rogerrabbit777a i see smoke are those turn tables a blazeelectricity  pontiac
 whos in avondale come smoke with me
 my aunt told my mom i smoke weed trying to get me in trouble but at least im not 14 amp pregnant like your daughter 
 kleiss is going to smoke.
 when i was a kid i was smoking weed whether my mom smoked w me or not. smoking w her would just cut outgoing behind her back.
 as i sit in this booth. waiting on my main course.  i think i will leave to denver for exxxotic. nah im going there for the weed lol.
 cigarettes were regarded as a symbol of manhood. little boys smoked them to prove they were older than they were.
 this whole weedend all did was sleep.
 we would just ride around and smoke.... so again .... idk what kinda bs this nigga told you 
 my mom knows i smoke now amp shes ok with it...thank goddd
 too bad i cant smoke this would have been perfect
 not until theyre older. i think i was 19 when i smoked with my mom and 21 with my dad. 
 no dad i definitely did not just sit in the car in the driveway and smoke weed for 45 minutes
 things that i miss waking my partner up or waking up for my partner to smoke in the middle of the night when one of us cant sleep
 think i lost my weed 
 fire on rugg rd. schuylerville w charred smoke detector now outside. man rushed to hospital and dog saved. live 
 this cute lul weed container i got from cali  
 @realdonaldtrump the democrats lost 3 times. they are all smoke amp mirrors whiners. no more participation trophies.
 i couldnt smell the smoke  amp now i see the flames
 long live jay  amp long live smoke  
 if trump had one brain cell in thathead hhed know the money is in marijuana legalize it bears your money trump
 when i lost my cash in padre i wasnt trippin but when i lost my weed i was hurt af boy. 
 mom dukes letting me smoke in the house she in a great mood
 @bar545 @holderstephen texas doesnt allow you to buy pot at all. not that i care. i dont smoke. nice deflection attempt.
 i called somebody a crack head yesterday as a joke and my mom was like well you should call yourself one  wtf i only smoke gas
 free him ..the justice system is horrible  sending rapist for 6 months and weed possession for 30 years .  this man 
 .@bldrcosheriff says containment on sunshine fire still 50 good sign there is less smoke. evacs lifted later thi 
 jeez boss told me to stay home today  getting paid to smoke im officially a professional smoker.
 i smoke with my mom  
 im a heavy smoker. this chs business blew my mind. nausea amp abdominal pains. all the time .
 funny how this bitch used to hit me up to smoke blunts now she hitting up my man. sneaky snake ass hoe im deadass geekin
 maaaan weed brownies aint no joke at all fam  
 definitely need to find good weed in houston
 is it possible to have a favorite weed because i think i do.
 1. do not disturb 2.lose you 3.jorja interlude  smoke 5 portland 
 my partner doesnt have to smoke but understand i do
 who trying to smoke there self to sleep this afternoon with me 
 @imjacob5 @corymgreen @fombzzz holy smokes you were able to find it  though  correct we appreciate the dedication
 that dude definitely smoked bath salts and definitely stabbed some guy in the neck and hes definitely doing 9yrs upstate
 so my mom found my weed 
 thanks @ldforry for calling out the importance of packaging and messaging of marijuana to keep our young people safe
 definitely should not have smoked 4 joints with my neighbor yesterday when i was already high af we were a mess.
 @cnnpolitics just a republican smokescreen. you would think that when trump goes down these guys go down too.
 my mom just walked in my room amp told me i need to go to rehab for weed....i laughed in her face lmfao leave my room mom
 friend  hey my mom is calling shut up while i talk to her   mepass the weed  
 cigarettes are like reverse swag  the more often u smoke them the less swag u have
 the smoke is in your brain skulls full of mush. put it in your pipe and smoke it along side of your buddy sorrosha 
 you lucky you are my best friend... @ivanmijo oh.. and im still waiting.. and dont tell me free smoke... foh  
 hand fulla ass and a fist fulla weed
 but yeah. i liked free smoke  no long talk  gyalchester  interlude  portland  sacrifices  kmt  lose you  and cant have everything.
 the time has come for weed to be commercialized and commodified as part of a privileged instagram lifestyle.... much like matcha has been
 my grandma found my dads weed plant so you can say its a rough day for him
 da lahood told me a program lessening punishment for small amounts of marijuana would be a winwin for everybody. 
 i dream of a day where a gay couple can guard their cannabis plantation with a fully automated weapon
 @chedrajoseph ur so fun to smoke with. really chill af.
 boston weed is so harsh compared to cali weed 
 i have no weed   my weed man in the hospital amp im off today   so ima just sleep my whole day away
 because weed apparently is the problem. 
 ok i made it to vegas and i have a few hours before i have to set up for the convention......where do i buy weed
 brendan are you still doing that marijuana  my grandma 
 @rlbangz the walking weed man
 cali weed blow it like a rastamam
 back in high school i used to be the weedman
 people told me about the flames when i couldnt see through the smoke
 you cant do anything around latina moms because they think youre suspicious. if you take a nap  she think you smoked marijuana.
 struggle is the enemy but weed is the remedy
 spicer trying to do his job the smoke is in the room.   spicer better find a sanctuary city. hes going to need one.
 all smoke and no fire.  its the smoke that kills you....malcolm nance.
 comeyhearing malcom nance  re where theres smoke theres fire its the smoke that kills you me djt is going down. resist
 holy smokes..these delivery guys d like magicians when it comes2moving huge appliances thru weird spaceswow lowes yaynewfridgeandstove
 annoyed i need some weed
 holy smokes..these delivery guys r like magicians when it comes2moving huge appliances thru weird spaceswow lowes yaynewfridgeandstove
 once the skepta interlude hits more life is nothing but a banger. free smoke  blem  and no long talk being the first half bangers tbh.
 no weed smoking has me stressed as fuck
 someone should fashion me a weed crown  or a kush krown if you will
 me when she starts hitting those high notes on free smoke 
 smoking all the weed on the beach today last day in cali  
 nobody understands how mad i get when i see a bitch wasting weed amp acting high  
 @wavyxxbaby she threatens to take away my dads kids if he divorces her. shes trying to use the fact that i smoke weed amp that he knows.
 day off means a perfect day to start these gorgeous smoked andouille sausages. this will sit and 
 the first thing my dad say to me when he got to my work was you smell like weed 
 country music radio station breaking news someone robbed a convenience store and stole some smokes. yup. full on canadian accent too.
 music and weed are the perfect combo
 smoke weed  less worries. 
  i dont smoke i just did that to see her reaction  
 @racksetyungkt they probably smoke and was like man aint nobody gon buy this dirt 
 my mom just told me she was never good at rolling up her weed
 friends looking at me while watching eggs on weed video dont shout the line.   me were benefocused mannn 
 its only been 24 hours. giving up weed is about to be the saddest part of my life since 2013. shit has really kept 
 my sster stole my weed and lied to me about it when she was the only one home and she didnt buy it
 the dude with the license plate that said ur slow was legit going 25 mph in malibu canyon. also  his vape smoke kept hitting my windshield
 you could of been the one but it wasnt that serious there was smoke  in the air
 buyin weed in kc is like swimming in a lake without water touching you
 ive had someone tell my mom they know me and we went to hs together and told her i smoke weed. my mom laughed like 
 everyone who im trying to smoke with is a hour away nope
 i gave away weed my whole trip
 i dont smoke but if i did and aj styles told me to stop  i would immediately quit raw
 free smoke  passionfruit  blem  portland  kmt are my favorite songs off more life... i think..
 that dopamine from the smoke  the coke  the lean is temporary when your third eye aint opening 
 i just want to smoke cali weed in cali
 im going to assume aaliyah is next to me  to only whisper in my ear to eat and smoke.... patiently waiting
 baby let me smoke away my sins
 perfect smoke and rub some ass hours
 4 days without a cigarette still miserable af and whats the chances i found one in my car tonight . almost smoked it then said hell nawww
 the cooks taught me how to buy weed in spanish today
 lol he just inlove with the fact weed legal up there i miss his ass man
 my mom just walked upstairs and chewed my ass out bc my room smelled like pot... i didnt want to tell her it was just my cannabis incense
 drake sounds finally comfortable in his own skin on free smoke
 i smoked yesterday w flor and she said im the only person she knows thats always gangbanging lmfao
 so i told a customer he couldnt take his weed out of the state. when he said he didnt care  i refused the sale. dude was pissed.
 someone plz send me the video of the little girl saying is that a weed then dialing 911 on the microwave
 songs i skippeddidnt care for free smoke  no long talk  portland  sacrifices  kmt  ice melts  amp cant have everything  amp blem.
 i know a chinese dude that smokes 1pack every 2days. he also told me his dad had lung transplant from cigarettes. b 
 every female smoker knows the struggle of the tip stains 
 can we not smoke cigarettes in the hot tub please
 howd i forgot the most important essential to smoke
 the amount of times i think well  ive gone and darn smoked myself stupid again is concerningly high
 id appreciate it if my roommates boyfriends didnt smoke 
 cant decide if i want i write sins not tragedies or the smoke monster sound effect from lost when i walk down the aisle plzreply
 free smoke a bop i wont lie
 fuck it ill smoke the pain away
 how italians smoke cannabis  howitalians
 la confidential smokes..
 im going to smoke some but but if youre free later i might be down to fuck no thanks fuckin hell  my tinder love story
 when i used to smoke i used to become a philosopher 
 debating whether or not to smoke.  i can not wait to get my place bc the smell is not going to be a problem anymore.
 am willing to trade last nug of weed for food. sos.
 the most white privileged shit ive seen when i saw them attacking just because @badvibesmami said head banging at chain smokers lmao
 some kid from my nephews school told the teacher that her dad grows weed in their backyard 
 im letting my younger siblings watch brickleberry and they keep saying youre the coolest for letting us watch this show with weed lmao
 been smoke free for 10 days going on 11  
 @realjameswoods @mmmoonie some how i think there was weed involved
 alot of smoke no fire  ark modern search
 been smoking more even tho i said i was gunna smoke less 
 debating on taking another shower to get the smell of smoke off of me.
 just smoked a stupid extendo and off a xan 
 hate to tell you the problem is your president and russia  not the leaks or jailing reporters. stop the smoke bombs. 
 sleeping family of 3 escape burning home after working smoke alarm alerts them to fire in garage at 7353 johnson rd 
 need weed but am cozy warm without pants in bed.... and its 5am
 oomf said im too pretty to smoke  it melted my heart but i told him  its no such thing. honestly.
 thought jordan got off work at 1 so i was waiting for him to smoke but he dont get off till 330. i couldve been lit right now 
 my bitch ass forgot blunts wasnt the only way to smoke weed.
 @wadetroutt21 @brandenkippy damn i miss you mother fuckers. we will smoke a fat doob at that exact spot when i get back
 free smoke  no long talk  passionfruit  madiba riddim  blem  gyalchester  portland  sacrifices  kmt  cant have eve 
 lost my weed for the 3rd time 
 @donoharm the funny thing is weed is legal in cali where they were filming so if david was cheefin a joint he was excersizing his damn
 @darthalexander9 exactly. chain smoker  didnt sleep much  drank excessively and was always with women to ease the pain
 i smoked a little before school and now i have an entire ps4 in my backpack
 im fucking my life up and not going far in life cause i smoke a lil weed. ha thats my moms logic.
 shit cassandra saw that she didnt tell the trojans because at that point fuck them anyway | smokelong quarterly 
 the smokey mountain @chacousa are following me on the internet rn. lets see how long i can resist. i give it till noon.
 my coworker said florida needs to go ahead legalize weed so he can stop ducking and dodging 12
 cant smoke im on papers i feel you tee grizzley 
 dan and marylou smoke @ctvsmokesignals sharing indigenous teachings @ugdsb @cwprincipal fnmied 
 need to smoke too stressed
 @cannabiscorner @azds ssris r helpful 4 some amp no damaging sfx. do have sfx bt so does cannabis. no need 2 debate  science.
 apparently i would get a lot more bitches if i smoked weed
 @trafficportland do you guys search for marijuana dispensaries often 
 @souplax12  sounds like they need to smoke a blunt and stfu haha
 perfect day to stay in smoke blunts and play ps2 games im out.
 @mrb00mbastick @ggentlemanirish @lindajoh11 @vickybrush @ofccadjust @danscavino have you been in politics long  you lost   weedemoutnow
 the hater bitches obvi need to smoke some weed lmao 
 @sirpatstew i would like to know what brand of cannabis ointment  spray  and chewy bar you use for your arthritis.
 @santominingotc dont think your stock will go higher bc your pot company all cannabis companies going down bc trump ...
 im an old woman i know but i hope they threw away all their weed when the cops came god im still pissed
 @mflynnjr the only 1s interested n alien life r the ones blowing smoke 2 cover upamp monopolize fake news 2 cover the pg that is forthcoming
 why  i believe it was the republicans who said that where there was smoke there was fire. or did that only apply to 
 i get ahold of the bombest weed and i twist it up
 if i was doing bad  would you smoke a blunt with me
 time to get lost in the legalese weeds. i appreciate the discussion  insofar as i can understand it.
 @nickistheway can you bake some weed in my cupcakes boo
 i cant smoke no swisher nigga im on that garcia  i told my spanish bitch gracias
 my dad just asked me how i can smoke a blunt and do hw at the same time 
 @tanstaafl24 @rushlimbaugh @chucknellis will he primary mark meadows tom cotton is he just blowing smoke
 is marijuana gluten free
 when my dad helped me light my cigarette so i could illegally smoke on the beach in la thats when i knew i will always be loved by my family
 @chrislhayes looks like someone has a problem w you smoking pot @ brown amp getting away w it. first time i smoked pot was with my brown prof.
 when circle k doesnt have the brand of cigs u smoke so u cry going to the next thing cause u dependent af
 the valet guys are alwys looking out for me. bringing me snacks and checking if i work so they wont smoke in the prking structure.grateful
 waiting in the lobby during my toddlers dance class makes me wish they would make cannabis legal in texas.. pleasehush canteven really
 potato and apple tian with apple smoked gruyere cheese. now that was delicious 
 @abcnews4dean is there a major fire nearby  west ashley johns island smoked out
 @agingroomcigars m21 fortissimo to end the afternoon.  damn fine smoke.  nowsmoking 
 my moms neighborhood always smells like weed and i dont understand why bc its a bunch of old people
 if we can smoke  cruise  and have comfortable silences  i fucks wif you
 mom asked why i always go to my friends and i never stay home. so i told her thats where i smoke.
 about to smoke like 50 blunts  so stressed
 reggie hemphill  @reggiehemphill is now trending in houston   
 @hollywoodvamps  thanks for come thought  tell johnny field weed is still up legal field  waterway projects  i love him  carrie merkle ira
 free smoke  dem other tracks boo boo 
 back before i smoked  i wasnt even tryna get high
 havent smoked all day and im annoyed af
 tonight @ the waiting room in omaha with @deafheavenband and @twdy  i play at 8  bring us weed  
 how long does weed stay in your system 
 @taychavily fucking copious amounts of weed.
 we dont care if yo club fulla bitches we will not be in it less we smoking weed in it
 @sojustified that medical spot i was at vacuum seal tha weed and package it with my polo tees they paid it no mind im so happy 
 been waiting to smoke this blunt all mfn day.
 im so annoyed and overwhelmed i need to smoke
 im waiting for this mom to call me back about a nanny job so im waiting to smoke  you know as soon as i hit the gb shes gonna call me
 why is skippy in my house taking pictures of weed with a digital camera
 look into my crystalball...i see legalized marijuana in our future leaftopia dispensarylocation rosin 
 mom whats your new tattoo stay  me stay gold  mom is that a weed strain 
 my mom keep tryna get me to smoke this shake with her   like bye mom  smh
 i got big weed n sumn wit me n this mans bear rdy 2 get laid dwn
 fields if marijuana becomes recreational at some point.. this ordinance will be in place already
 probably why i smoke too much.. take my pain away so i wont have to think bout the bad stuff. 
 songs i like off more life free smoke passionfruit jorja interlude madiba riddim gyalchester
 finally having a some weed after a long day.
 i just spent a solid 10 mins feeding my neighbors donkeys smoked bbq chips and its safe to say they loved them 
 are you smelling and seeing smoke our wind is blowing in smoke from a fire in ne ok. val castor confirms its a co 
 i just told my mom i was about to go smoke  i wanna see what shes going to say.
 been waiting on this free weed for hours  guess ill call amp check if hes dropping it off before i head out later.
 going to a larger than normal for me smoke  this san luis rey double coronas is well aged and 
 i just found dads weed... domt act so innocent old man
 found dads weed... dont act innocent old man
 if you think brunswick smells like weed a bit too much  try walking around anywhere in la lathoughts
 i smoke so many solos since i stay in southside away from everyone
 @kelhydrus @poltimesplitter i only care about the weed i am current burning and inhaling.
 hey buy this swag ass blunt weed 
 gay weed culture
 mom went on a rant about smoking weed and the last thing she said was if i find out youre smoking pot ill kill you on the spot
 im glad my mom and dad know that i  smoke cuz wen my fam tries to snitch on me  we jus laugh  jokes on u
 btw they smoked teams on this vape juice placed top 20 once they couldnt vape it well they drank it its safe to d 
 weed so loud moms think i smoked out the house 
 friend who moved to denver strictly for the marijuana asks us to come visit her for a fun trip. we text her to tell 
 new info per colonie fd 3 victims 2 hospital  1 wserious burns. all 135 rooms effected by smokewater damage due 
 aw man  i just lit my filter on fire than the actual side of the smoke. fuuuuuuuckkkk.
 @ellieklawrence well it begs the question if it were newports that were smoked  would it be different 
 @smoky41hd @1stepnorth @pokemongoapp @pokemondeadguy still legit in my book. smokes  im gonna start calling you nancy.
 i got off at noon today have off tomorrow and all i did was clean up sticks and pull weeds in the yard and already in bed
 only if you dont smoke dis good herb. a joint a day keeps the damage away. 
 its such a struggle to smoke with no whip
 my manager where you going to school me university of reno my manager you know weed is illegal in nevada right
 just smoking weed for the fun of it
 mom she didnt even notice the weed emoji was in my recents me mom its a maple leaf... mom ........ lets be honest. its weed.
 gorsuch complained abt not being confirmed in 90 mins and cant smoke cigarettes during the hearing. we dont need a justice this petty.
 i smokeroll 3 backwoods a day.. im miss them berry fusion 
 breaking up weed with long nails is fucking stressful
 guys if i want to smoke im going to smoke. grounding me doesnt change how i feel about pot trust me. dad tried. mom tried. didnt work
 im in houston   wussup with the smoke
 when u in cali download the weed map app
 my hotel has to remind folks that smoking weed still counts as smoking. mildlyinteresting @ las 
 see i got all my problems but i no have no weed
 just bc you went to austin to smoke weed during spring break doesnt mean you were at sxsw sorry
 skrr lemme just stay my ass at home  smoke this blunt amp stay outta trouble 
 lovely night to just cruise with the windows down amp smokeeeee 
 richard pryor smoked crack. but he knew something was up about bill cosby a long time ago.
 oh how i missed portland...3 minutes at safeway and i was already offered lean  xan  weed  oxy  and adderall. god bless the nep
 i dont smoke but this is what i imagine would happen if i ever hung with my coworkers. no thanks.  
 his ass acting like he jus smoked some wet 
 walked in2 my house smellin like weedz amp my sisters sitting wa blank stare cause she had a nightmare amp i nearly died thinkin it was momz
 i ran out of piff and my weed man sleeping 
 meet daniel. he is our faithful smoker who works tirelessly for us day after day. wednesday is 
 very thick smoke still fills the air  traveling through the nearby neighborhoods several 100s of yards away. 
 @jklenihan5 @shicksgcs is that a rather large weed in the bunker 
 i told him have u heard of haight street go buy weed there
 yup after i smoke my after school blunt  
 so is it possible to trip on weed @evansolberg
 so is it possible to trip on weed  @evansolberg
 ice melts  free smoke  jorja interlude  portland  sacrifices  and gyalchester are def the best on the album
 its okay to take ls now since drake told us he did in free smoke
 it sounded like a quiet swarm of bees  but mechanical. more like a bunch of weed whackers or a series of old electric fans.  1linewed
 @amauryperez24 so far my favorites are teenage fever no long talk  sacrifices  passion fruit  free smoke  in no order
 roll me up a blunt  lemme smoke my problems away
 the smoke alarm is going off and theres a cigarette  still burning  please tell me why
 la in april  doubt ill come back.   im trynna see smoke cali dro amp eat some cali rolls 
 damn i wish i could smoke dope with amywinehouse   purpleheartplaya  @ la fitness akers mill 
 stay safe. smoke his ass next time 
 remember when the only problems i had was where i was gonna smoke at
 justin trudeau has pulled a roll over all  promising to legalize cannabis as a ploy lol hes thinking that was easy wow how uneducated 
 @dougbenson @alisonrosen oh i noticed the post was 10hrs ago is all  hahah. my question was who smokes more pot  you or snoop dogg
 when bae leaves weed in my grinder 
 there is alot of smoke and even more fire. impeachment  annual the presidence and the appointments. 
 i went to go get something to eat and found a legit piece of weed in my food.. how does that even happen
 the fatality rate for drunk driving accidents is 27x higher than accidents where someone was high on marijuana.
 should i smoke ky trouble away  is this a sign  what the hell  what are the odds of finding a small bag of weed 
 me my mom and my sister smoked 10 grams in 2 days.... we gotta serious problem 
 danish cs is like marijuana compared to nip. cant wait for them to get a good placing and ppl think theyll be some top 5 team again.
 @erniebufflo holy smokes haha. nice thx for the tip
 lets cruise around town and smoke....
 sadly ill always ve a part. ed never fully go away. marijuana is the one thing that i finally found to help nd its 
 @keyanaunique @katsyana04 yea because o was gun smoke her out to stop feeling down duuuhhhhh
 so i bought weed and gave some to my sister via my mom and she never fucking responded or said thank u
 @keyanaunique @katsyana04 can you smoke yet boo
 makeup is so fun like i definitely didnt think i would do a warm orangebrown smokey eye with a gold lid when i woke up this morning
 my top 5 amp only songs i liked on more life  sacrifices free smoke no long talk portland gyalchester
 and a huge thank you to the asshole that started a weed whacker as i was behind you on the sidewalk 
 tell me why my moms smoke better than i do 
 how tf didnt i know that was fuccin nai palm on free smoke it was so fuccin obvious dawg 
 they finally drive away and 10 minuted later two trucks of high school kids pull up and walk into the forest to smoke
 they finally drive away and 10 minutes later two trucks of high school kids pull up and walk into the forest to smoke.
 some girls be jobless or not going to school  will just smoke all day but they got a lot to offer lmao okay
 i thought we were the perfect match but are relationship went up in smoke. 
 my dad told me the weed man was here and i almost lost my shit then he handed me this.  
 my dad told me the weed man dropped something off for me and i didnt know what to say then he handed me this.  
 @vindrank2muchh one dude got so creative he was throwing smokes around so i went into a house hid and he 2 tapped me through smoke lol
 read all about smoke circle etiquette on our blog for 420 did we miss a rule tweet us your tips 
 im about to smoke without shawntay  she takes too long
 now up stacey linn  mom who pushed for cannabis in schools  supports hb1220  calls it a good start and says patients are not criminals
 fr. whos down to smokeeeee  i got a whip. lets matchh 
 i had a 3.5 gpa this quarter so my mom told me today i can smoke hella weed and she will take me to get burgers truelove
 i had a 3.5 gpa this quarter so my mom told me today i can smoke hella weed and she will take me to get burgers tonight  truelove
 i be tryna smoke the pain away and hope for better days.
 free smoke  no long talk  sacrafices 
 420 wish i was blazing it but i have no weed can someone plz help a girl out jk lmfao but not really jk 
 lmfao love driving the truck some guy tried cuttin me off  got next to him not to mention his window was down . floored it nd smoked his ass
 literally smoked him driving a diesel truck nd flooring it .. be prepared 
 literally smoked him   driving a diesel truck nd flooring it .. be prepared 
 my dad just thought an ounce of pot was 60 ... ahahaaahah this man must be smoking that government weed
 if all you do is sit around and smoke pot all day long your a low life there is so much more to life then smoking pot all day
 now trump has his republican puppets redirecting and deflecting the smoke away from the original tweet that started 
 no amount of smoke will stop our quest to drafttatum  
 i couldnt get my nose pierced in fl bc i wasnt 18  but i was allowed to buy at a smoke shop. nothing pisses me off more than this
 @courtneeeey28 like i had my mom with me too amp the tattoo place still denied me. but the guy at the smoke shop tried selling me a bowl
 lol i guess ima just smoke my day away today 
 middrive my dad stops and asks my sister and me real quick  how much weed is being transported rn  like none wtffffff
 not used to smoking in bars  but its a bar  ya so ok.  this woman next to me has smokes that smell like 1965 las vegas.
 i never thought it was possible for someone to smoke themselves dumb  but you  you make an exception
 @ctfleamarkets yeah i still cant believe that on direct he said he only dealt in small amounts of weed  like really aaronhernandez
 i havent smoked in 3 days and i fell like im going crazy
 does he smoke dopematts dad
 i know im stressed out when i start wanting to smoke grape swisher sweets. 
 on my way with my mom going to get food and a truck pulls up next to me to race lmao  hat to show ma mom how i smoke niggas 
 @zankieanjatalie the weeds look nice pvibesthxs mk
 disco themed weeding plz
 when is mr trudeau  going to legalize weed is a question that is stretched either way its here to stay. 
 there appears to be a massive amount of smoke coming from 1600 pennsylvania ave... 
 houstons smokeshop spot stsmokeshopwinrock @ st smoke shop 
 my 14 year old sister found out i smoke 
 the ibuprofen  weed amp alcohol definitely helped my back pain
 major bummer that judge gorsuch  whose 10th circuit is based in denver  hasnt fielded a single question on marijuana.
 just smoked a joint...  in my living room...  with my mom and step dad.  side note im drunk af.
 @touteparpillee yup. lots of smoke all around
 smoke weed in a tub
 my mom just accused me of smoking weed cause i was listen to pink floyd with most the lights off.
 this smoke is burning my eyes so much im considering sleeping on my balcony
 replaced free smoke and blem for gyalchester and sacrifices 
 so the day i found out i broke up with him and the next day i went to smoke with my boo that wasnt my boo but was my boo lol
 guess that apple wasnt used to smoke ganja @onidugrotsen  
 i should have kept some of that weed i got for her that shit smelled heavenly 
 chick at the bar asked to hit my pen then a couple minutes later said so you dont have herpes or anything do you get your own weed hoe
 im having 4 different events in the next 30 days amp they all involve weed...this should be fun 
 the only good part of this is the dr saying that i can use marijuana for the pain
 breakfast in a glass. maple and smoke and sweet without being syrupy.... pancakes maple porter 
 when im in the 7 12 cant tell me shit  smoking weed in public like im in cali bitch 
 ugh i was suppose to go eat after my test but instead i fell asleep. i just woke up feeling angry af. somebody come smoke amp eat with me 
 i was told to smoke for my shoulder pain... idk  its been like 3 years bruh.
 @edwardnorton i lost train of thought @realhughjackman what were we thinking about when @010the i smoked weed before too sucks the wind day
 i like to smoke a bunch of weed a night before my day off
 @katyperry to your super beautiful and heavenly self....i can tell you katy....im not one  whos going to bring up smoking  or weed 
 we are a corporate entity that owns an amount of weed
 dc mayor some trash man only thing saving her is passing that weed bill
 dennis asked if he has cancer cause he wasnt supposed to take advil and smoke hookah and he thinks he has cancer cause his hair wont grow
 screw it. im having a smoke.
 unless its weed... so ive been told 
 organic beeswax hemp wic burning my 
 @wgci yes i think they should  definitely make marijuana legal .
 i hate clay.. making me throw away my coffee but letting mfs smoke bowls in the bathroom.. like 
 be alert smoke from the wildfire can cause health problems  
 my coworker has a real bad tunechi fake weed problem and i told him i had no problem as long as it doesnt effect his work
 finnah just smoke my life away today  
 can we legalize only nonskunky weed  willing to pay higher taxes subsidizing the good stuff so i dont have to always smell the bad stuff.
 wgci funny asl in the morning dude said marijuana isnt legal in illinois aw damn i gotta check my guy
 told my mom i was gonna smoke meth and do coke today and she wasnt even a little concerned...thanks ma
 i need me a luh boo baby who gone smoke the weed with megtgt
 @hlntv yo  robins voice has gotten considerably deeper. is she a smoker i mean  woah wheelsonthebus timetoretire scarygrandmavoice
 how can anyone smoke dust pcp angeldust
 this weather is perfect to smoke one
 that weed shop off slauson man..
 lol is it legal to walk around la and smoke weed orrrrr i mean
 lost my weeds
 i have 5 grams of pot i need to smoke before i can get off this island. lmao.
 mom the only thing i smoke is dicks
 @smashola fulla that weed lol
 me time before work flow. jose de la cosa. thank you jorge luis molina of real men smoke cigars. 
 found a bag of weed sitting in my window seal 
 idk how i feel about this cuz what if that was me and i was going to get a 3.5...i woulda smoked w you. 
 this morning my step dad rolled up and my mom  him amp i all smoked together  growntings weirdtings
 i remember the first time bae smoked me out i wasnt trynna hit it and he was like sometimes you just gotta take that shit.
 just drove by an apartment complex in flames on my way home. i got chills driving through the smoke. praying everyones okay 
 cali weedweatherfunlandscapesviews gtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgtgt cali people
 started hailing on dad while he was putting on smoke 
 our hotel smelled like weed the whole trip so i kept walking around saying caughing on that lound
 @fuckdaeagles @chasedgod @willboender @bleacherreport ohhh okay tom brady smokes weed hahahaha thats fucking hilarious
 @homegirlflexin @daleydoseofroe  if he smoked this would definitely be the answer. im just gonna get his ass 
 is your gaming group getting too large weed them out with the heros challenge.  @roll20app 
 how italians smoke cigarettes 
 seems like just the weeding out of the notsoconservative conservatives. 
 @brittmcmanigal smoke out of an apple
 @ctfleamarkets why has the defense let him get away with just saying he was a small time weed dealer obviously  dude was a lot more...
 @nickcolletti aye bro you wanna smoke one im about thirty away i can bring you a pinack if you need one.
 damn i cant afford weed and its stressful
 me dad why did you go bald my dad the same reason you smoke. 
 i smoke less weed.
 yall are dumb if you are actually considering legalizing anything besides weed 
 so i dreamt i was smoking weed and i woke up and thought i as high 
 righthigh cbd is actually hempdoesnt mean its no good....the problem is the way they extract it.  
 settle this debate plz if you dont smoke weed  can you be classified as a hippie
 keep marijuana stored safely away from pets  as it can be fatal in large doses. nationalpuppyday 
 why my mom so curious to how i feel when on a xan vs when i smoke  tol her see for herself 
 is smoke a solid collin
 is smoke a solid collin ryan 2017
 this guy tried racing my dad and i on the way home and i smoked his ass  my dad was so joked he couldnt even be mad 
 @breakonebarrier @maleficious @daivernon smoke smoke smoke
 @paskekwietz definitely weed
 girls just want to have fun   adult games available now at vape and smoke shop bird road  vapeandsmoke play 
 hard to see but huge smoke was supposedly billowing out of this side of the apartment on east ave @13wham 
 my dads discussing smoking weed with our driver. cool.
 part of the problem is it wasnt catchy or fun. american attention span is so short amp shes so deep in the weeds  t 
 .@rfdpio1 says a fire was in a single apartment on the 7th floor. smoke on flrs 68 poss extension to apt above. no 
 im weak bc this is me when i smoke after work  
 it takes 1015mins to smoke a blunt. there are 1440 minutes in a day. if he smokes 75 blunts a day taking 10 mins t 
 i had a medical weed card in cali well i still do but im just so over it
 in search of a someone to smoke with hmu asap got a fatass gold  nugget waiting
 when me amp jonas take the coo field trip to west seattle for a pillowcase full of weed
 @gdibcrew for @ontheblockshop by @julianefalk new smoke me up tee online  
 professional weed grower you put me in with. poor matt. 60daysin
 passionfruit  4422  and sacrifices. | jorja int  madiba riddim  blem  free smoke and no long talk are decent. 
 @jvickers78 perfect time for the lowes weed commercial
 as soon as weed dude starts asking indepth questions its all ovr  will b so obvi he dsnt kno anythng abt growing. poorly planned 60daysin
 he said fatima you definitely smoke 
 i will miss huck so much. remember when he was guillermo garcia gomez in weeds tgit
 this whole time i thought my mom would trip about me smoking weed if she found out but shes actually cool af about it. no more hiding it 
 i think this weed taking my sickness away 
 all the weed heads in high school had the official gonzaga nike shorts bc it said zags on the side
 all the weed heads in high school had the official gonzaga nike shorts bc it said zags on the side marchmadness
 rita tells me shes too tired to chill so she going to bed  a hour later she like wanna smoke i hate this bitch
 my mom and her bf had a layover in colorado they high af right now and smuggled a bunch of weed lmao they didnt know it was legal in oregon
 i was about to go smoke in my dad cadillac   lmfao he pulled up like you can smoke in the house flower .
 im on this train so hard. its cannabis. not marijuana  pot or weed. cannabis 
 i like being italian amp lebanese bc that means i get weeding soup  grape leaves and kibbeh in the same meal 
 if i wasnt to be in soccer id smoke a fat ass blunt tomorrow  bc man im at my breaking point again lbs
 free smoke passionfruit  madiba raddim  blem gylachester  portland  teenage fever   since way back  fake love  ice melts
 i am shocked that i havent smoke lmao
 i need to smoke mannn 
 mega smokers at the american royal. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app 
 @lottabullbbq smoker at the american royal. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android 
 train smoker at the american royal. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app 
 listening to my mom talk to my younger cousin about high school and friends  mom they dont do drugs do they smoke the vape
 roll up and smoke my sins away  id like to go to st tropez
 when i smoked with the 29 year old dude  this how i felt... im still not right. man  @tycarter015 
 i miss those days  i was like 16 amp i go downstairs amp smoke like 2 blunts with gorilla zoes girl sister before we left amp hop the passenger
 what the actual fuck johns so high right now he threw out the weed thinking it was ashes
 atlanta weed gt jersey weed
 in cali blowin cali weed 
 corn gluten can help with lawn weed control.  
 i know emma would smoke weed with me if she was home but shes not
 @piecrust33 my dad used to smoke cigars when i was growing up  and my older sister smoked and still does.  smokefilled rooms were...
 my room is the human equivalent to a reptile cage because i have a heater on 247 and incense burning so its just like a smokey air blanket
 @mikeandmike nobody wants to sign colin kaepernick immediately because of the amount of marijuana that he smokes. endofstory
 drake started saying smoke with an atlanta slang lmao this album is so interesting
 i miss cali weed wtf
 ugh the things i would do to smoke a blunt right now
 how an italian smokes cigarettes 
 niggas with androids smoke mids
 theyre watching that new smoke shop that opened bc someone was selling out of it  
 told my weed man roll up
 word has it  twitter considering paid subscriptions. could weed out all this ridiculous far fringe leftist noise  if it happens. surrogates
 tonight. whose bright idea was this  smokenbonesmusic with 
 public hearings cannot debate pro or anti marijuana. its here. its our job to find a professional way to implement it  valdez says.
 when you can barely talk because your cough is making sound like a you smoke 4 packs a day 
 some girl at school yesterday told me i smelt like weed. i was like oh well and continued into school after my break
 colton case asa burning feed for 5.3.1 energy in feed.  smokey and smelly day in the shop  but a lot of fun 
 lmfao he was the only nigga i know who felt entitled to the weed he sold  
 my sister told me that my mom knows i smoke 
 i am sooooo geeked... my dad just told me he smoked weed hookah with his friend from iran and he said it was shit 
 photo i shot sometime back around november of smokedmagneticgts sweet @cervinisauto 2015 
 i just finna smoke my head away tbh
 to my mom she rather have me smoke cigarettes than smoke weed 
 @smokeaphillytub nothinn just smoked you know the regular. you mr let me ignore ya ft acting fake brand new.
 @charisb @vipwithcharisb @eyecandyjobs @gasolinegypsy13 @playboy @playboyplus @freedomfalconus holy smokes
 i swear the weed out here has me high for like 30 min then im back to normal again 
 how do people stay relaxed without weed
 @frickensiddoh lmao i mean i liked chain smoker when i started but i outgrew that basic shit. but bassnectar is originalcreative af.
 ohh you smoke your moms know 
 @abc so whats the final verdict pls tell them to sht or get off the pot or go smoke some russia  china and korea is waiting
 the smoke detector knows the perfect amount of time to wait between chirps to make each one a horrible surprise.  
 when i lived in atlanta i used to get text about weed all the time lol. gangster mids and cali krip on deck 
 i just be wanting to cruise and smoke forever so relaxing
 i has when niggas repeatedly upload videos of them smoking back to back to back like okay we get it. you smoke
 blem means high on marijuana
 nah but i be smoking weed while im waiting to go smoke some weed 
 in high school i didnt smoke marijuana amp i think thats why i was such a ass then lookatmenow
 im glad i stay in la cause weed so good and cheap 
 im glad i stay in la cause weed so good and cheap 
 moms who talk about people carrying weed but smoke weed but they smoke weed too 
 moms who talk about people carrying weed but they smoke weed too 
 my mom is so cute. she tags me in weed related stuff all the time. shes great.
 @viewsfromdennis time will tell  im an optimist when it comes to him. dude is going to be broke soon  its hard to smoke when you have no 
 abt to smokeeee... i be pearling shit 
 ever though i wanna smoke weed and drive to duluth with erin well let me tell you about a great opportunity to do exacty that
 day 8   rosss dad is a dick who cheats   and his mom is a melancholy stress smoker who doesnt support him in hi 
 mecan we legalize weed now conservative what in tarnationboy back in my timewe didnt smoke the devils grass cause im with god 
 vegas has cool weeds. 
 how life cant be sad when your spanish teacher told your mom that you are a crack head even though youve never smoked weed
 hey .@fox46news i submitted a video on .@fresconews of the whitecreekfire creating smoke out conditions on lake james.
 tbh the only thing i have learned since moving to the panhandle is how to avoid tumble weeds while driving
 my mom said she would try weed only if its organic tho
 buy me some peanuts and cracker jacks from @emeraldarizona. ill definitely go back. thank ganja its friday 
 ok asshole in big diesel truck spewing large amounts of black smoke on my windshield
 bad things happen  apparently  if you dont let eva unit 1 smoke wherever she damned well pleases. 
 @chrislingebach @cbslocal have seen comments all day. dont you think he had to hit right there to explode the blue smoke. red other side.
 my playlist just went from smoke rings in the dark by gary allen to tshirt by migos...lol how does that happen
 tell this to jihadi justin. he won the last election by promising to legalize marijuana. 
 @chiggero bos mom just sent his pic with that huge smoked bone 
 @jwall0419 just bc i have long hair doesnt mean i smoke weed..... haha
 @ohhitssmashley what a mom. tell her hi for me amp that id love to smoke with her
 if weed was legal there would be less people doing heroine and shit. thats what i think
 i loved that shit weed stuff but stopped couldnt handle the intensity i was seeing cows n saucers like while trying get laid at the mystics
 i didnt know what a pot sticker was. i thought it was like a weed sticker that you lick and got high.  @lovejewles 
 perfect day to smoke a blunt outside
 @mjnblack oh shit jacobs mom totally found his weed last week and she could tell he was hungover.
 my sister just told me she smokes wd in her closet
 give me bali beach no molly please . palm no marijuana trees 
 dad makes awful joke me dad do you think youre funny dad i know im funny. stick that in your pipe and smoke it
 @talibkweli would you smoke a blunt with @weedmubarak and squash this beef
 toronto weed store was like a pop up in la
 baylor getting smoked lmaooo couldnt happen to a better school 
 my brother mom uou smoke my mom no not right now 
 i thought i didnt have weed all day but there was so much in my grinder.
 when i was in middle school i thought vaping was blowing smoke from ur vagina
 free smoke  no long talk  passionfruit  blem  gyalchester  skepta interlude  portland  sacrifices  kmt  all   
 so funny when i found out i was pregnant @heysebz was the first to know he even smoked me out 1 last time  miss u my g
 @anubis716 well that helps narrow down the field. she was in my top 3. maybe m103 vote was a blessing in disguise to weed out the traitors.
 except that your a weed head  my mom knows me to well 
 this is the kinda night i really wish i had a boo to smoke amp be laid up with
 @fueledbyair i liked it my mom had one too amp she liked that it tasted smoked. i got a bit of an aftertaste but great meat substitute thnx
 @somesingvague spoiler alert i went with the weed one. i remember bc the cover page was just a big ass pot leaf and we hung it on the wall
 the only thing that ever helped was weed and silence.
 badgers where did nigel come from holy smokes
 so what we get drunk so what we smoke weed were just having fun we dont care who sees...  @luciiaglz 
 @taylorswift13 three weeks without weed and im still talking to myself  maybesomedayillbedried out and normal im hoping and working on it
 this hoe ass rain not letting me smoke
 eating weed and smoking cookout.
 big smokers at the american royal. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app 
   im waiting for you to come down and smoke haha.
 it wasnt weed  it was heroin . 
 we used to be such a burning flame  now were just smoke in the summer rain..
 i smoked away my brain in colorado tbh
 @rosboroughdavid no beard. all the 30 year old hipsters here have long beards. and reek of weed.
 cali weed   
 my mom walked in amp said wheres the weed at
 so youre in the hospital and you want to smoke your medicine but you keep getting paranoid as shit bc its bomb as 
 damn so u was right about your mom smoking weed...from the bus rides home 
 i showed up for this guys 21st birthday and my mom told him to smoke me out  gooooood shit 
 my mom told me to finish her beer. and she said i have permission to smoke here what is life
 my dad is too drunk to smoke a cigarette. thats how my night is going 
  this would be so fun to just smoke a pretty fat j on if it was real. 
 blem my favorite for sure but passion fruit is a close second.... damn i like cant have everything too .... and free smoke.... morelife
 my sister got me to smoke with her lmao
 i miss how easy it was to get weed in colorado
 so @bugattibeez just cause hes literally been dropping free smoke all month  
 waking up out of that weed coma. 
 if it wasnt for weed
 getting the smoker going  have a long smoke today. 
 roll me an extendo smoke it out the lambo
 all you can say is she is a lost ball in high weeds 
 when some guy is whispering  weed anyone  weed but you on a school trip and have to keep walking 
 mannn im a smoker but i like the turnt version of me 
 dont be too sure. that will also be the day the guy doing the brakes on your daughters car smokes a fat one for lu 
 @bugattibeez bringing that smoke  
 @maxsutherburg   you can blow smoke or whatever fits your fancy. most americans are without coverage aca didnt work amp ahca didnt pass
 @jaylenclaridy1 really appreciate the light and would appreciate a follow to support cannabis families
 @cityofdallas you have giant homeless encampments where they smoke  not just cigarettes. how about fixing that
 who are the real terrorists be a terraist.  nuclear is evil. hemp is cure. 
 @siriusxm @ozzysboneyard that was a quick smoke 18 crows went a caw caw caw overhead. @kingmarliedave i saw a bear 
 my mom woke me up asking if i smoke like tf dont press me when im barely waking up
 @nehpets1026 interesting is hemp as comfortable as cotton
 almost told my grandma i was going to smoke
 whatever city that was i would never live there that shit was a desert asf . like i real life seen tumble weeds.
 it wasnt long ago that people talked about weeds like it was some sort of prestige project.
 we are the hempire legalizeit legalizeweed legalizemarijuana endthedrugwar @ willie nelsons 
 when you thought it was a skunk  but its definitely weed. 
 datasavelives maureenteyssier @enigmaio partners w nola 2 find houses with no smokealarm   smartcitieshacknyc 
 if u know who has weed and will take cash app in new york tell me  lol
 @flowbomb who cares they got smoked
 im convinced that if you smoke all day everyday youre running away from some type of problem.
 final round of the crossfitopen 17point5 had me smoked after round 5 but definitely a fun 
 james smoked that leg 
 you do what you do but weed is definitely a drug  
 mom told me she was going to the gas station amp i told her to get me a pack of smokes while shes gone  she didnt think it was funny 
 i made sure i packed my smokes in my bag today because i felt like i would need them and oh man was i right.
 today is a perfect day to register for mad dash. fyi its on earth day and we are running weedon island trails.  
 vayegas formal with a smoke @ mgm grand las vegas 
 how do i ask someone i went to high school with but have never talked to if they wanna hang out and smoke a bowl
 i told my dad i was going to vegas and he goes ok dont do drugs  i know you be smoking weed and getting high i w 
 i need a boo to smoke some blunts with 
 @jwguidry ugh he smokes. nevermind
 these li hoes just need a li weed  and theyll be stress free.
  see hattie you dont need marijuana to have a good time just funny friends.  thanks ma
 burns bbq has a smoker out here at the baseball field. way better than ballpark nachos. houbbq 
 man i miss weed
 oh god  its a fire sale the burning  the smoke  @farnorthspirits is making some drinks 
 danbury wasnt a prison. it was a crime school. i went in with a bachelor of marijuana. i came out with a doctorate in cocaine.
 after going to the club in la  ive realized how much buke people smoke  quality over quantity even though i still got quantity.
 this man pulled a dresser drawer out and dumped the clothes and used it to roll weed
 slowly learning its pretty hard to navigate the dating scene in austin when youre not into sports  partying  guns  weed  or hiking. 
 nitrogeninfused coffee fur gladiators  apparently. this is a smoke shop in our neighborhood. 
 it is 510 in the afternoon and the weed man owes me a gram yall best get as far away cause he might catch these hands soon
 i told myself i wasnt going to smoke anymore but the way im feel rn i need like 4 blunts
 @kingjavonte5519 @thevibes2 youre fucking pathetic smoking around a child and forcing a dog to smoke.
 i was really having a great  uplifting conversation with my mom until she tried to say stay away from medical marijuana lol
 turns out if you search girlscoutcookies on instagram  half of the posts are about weed. 
 i wasnt born gay. i smoked weed once and boom  gay. be aware of the gay weed agenda
 found a used heroin needle at work not two hours later somebody came into our restroom and smoked crack. like wtf place did i apply to
 jody rosenboom goes up in smoke on the start and loops it in turn two. jonathan beason  grady chandler amp danny stratton also involved.
 i told myself i would never smoke with my mom again yet here i am 
 after he dropped me off  i suggested he go to lowes to look at their smokers.  hell be able to make an informed decision
 @davidg314526 @epforgotten @fictiondept1984 @simonhedlin  natural plants like marijuana have less side effects than prescribed pain meds
 hey god  friends remember i said i was going to grow my plant and giveaway the weed to a local barmaid for her 
 i smoke some weed from cali thought that i can fly nigga  @mistacain
 just smoked a cigar with a pike dad hahaha litty titty
 my mom to the group do you guys want to go to billabong  my dad can we go to smokeabong
 thats funny bc kenji can get more retweets as a smokeshow 
 i lost out on a job because i tossed a smoke bomb into a school dance. that permanent record really does follow you
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins..
 @mrsillas if you smoked more often this wouldnt be an issue haha. when are you going to come visit us
 @peterbukowski @andrewsmith77 think theyre blowing smoke up your ass. misdirection. game within the game. guarantee jp wont go top 10.
 the weedhacker  verne... the weedhacker 
 i can see the smoke at my house from 28 miles away here in enid yay man day 
 la flor  @ sky high smoke shop miami 
 all me and shorty do is eat and smoke immense amount weed. she the 1
 im officially old  i got smoked in madden by a 7 year old. been playing madden forever. so disappointed in myself. xbox 1 got me like  
 roll my weed and pour my lean
 5lb beef brisket smoked 8hrs @ gas city  indiana 
 a few years later my name is brady kiwi wolf and thanks to the marijuana munchies and delicious hostess products i now have diabetes
 cause i thought i smoked sumn  and she wanna smoke toooo.
 afd appears to be bringing 9th street fire under control but neighborhood is blanketed in smoke 
 funny how against weed i was 
 im at ivy city smokehouse in washington  dc 
 that rebound going over josh jackson and frank masons heads was kansas national title hopes going up in smoke.
 bet you miss the weed 
 youre not a shitty mom..... i just smoke pot @noahslit
 this weed got my eyes burning 
 kinda annoyed that the starwarsrebels butts were saved by the smoke monster from lost
 up in smoke is on..
 up in smoke is on.. 
 my moms really just found my weed capsule.. oh well  now i can be high in peace
 i smoke way more now than i used to 
 doing hair out yo house is equivalent to selling weed. so if a bitch try to sin u for not having a real job and you sell weed  then she
 the perfect combo alcohol  marijuana  and head trauma
 back in the bay link up with your boy and smoke a b
 these straight boys in the hookah lounge wont smoke out of the same hose bc that would be too gay for them
 no smoke goes through my crib without me hitting
 my brother said since hes 14 hes old enough to smoke pot
 this cali weed is 
 my mom just found my weed...
 @brilovebeauty home waiting on weed 
 been smoking good la weed all day 
 @edzitron @nytimes shes never recovered from the weed she smoked. rip maureen dowd  weed casualty
 fruit loops or weed
 we want all the smoke   veryincredible beachrain nextgen @ hollywood walk of fame 
 i drink and smoke the same amount  but somehow end up beyond intolerable. no one wants to deal with that. i was never like that before.
 we used to be such a burning flame now were just smoke in the summer rain
 i smoke crack and no one stopping me
 @anaaaaa05 todays my first day going a whole day without the reefer lol
 i need to smoke so i can sleep toooo good  i been sober for like 3 days amp aint slept in 4 days .
 really thought i was gone go to waffle house but my mom handed some weed and its fruit to make a smoothie.. sooo
 our uber is letting us smoke a blunt. what a great time.
 when ur friends dad assumes u smoke weed bc her car now smell like dank but it lowkey was her bf im shooook hahaha
 hey @officiallivepd  there is no such thing as synthetic marijuana. if there was it would be awesome  but spice is not in any way marijuana.
 i told devo i was waiting a couple days to buy weed   he said how are you gonna survive
 i need some smokeeeee
 i tried for so long to get my husband to smoke a blunt with me and i regret it bc hes not fun high
 bitch u dont smoke so stfu
 roll up and smoke my sins away
 i forgot my dad gave me weed 
 shoulda smoked that blunt 
 luis amp i smoked a bit amp hes like are oaxacas part black 
 nakia always waking me up in the middle of the night to smoke
 a rainy day smoke  
 republicans only have themselves to blame for the acarepeal not passing. this group had 7 years yet they are full of smoke meetthepress
 working. atlanta me  the homie khal abigayle  smokes  ivan in the back. @ atlanta  georgia 
 i never knew weed was legal in washington  d.c.  we only 3 hours away too.
 people told me about the things i couldnt see through the smoke..
 free smoke no long talk  passionfruit 4422 gyalchester sacrifices kmt
 shoulda smoked before i came to this hoe 
 who smokes cali weed on deck
 one of the smoke bombs we used in our vdeo last night def burned me in the beard 
 people broke into the beach house  jenna wakes me up saying someones in the house and i told her she was just hullicinating on laced weed
 i read an article on snap that stated a mom gave her 14 year old son some wax and a gpen. he was addicted to morphine and the weed helped
 if i was a mom that smoked weed and liked jello my username would be bluntsandbundts
 apocalyptic minimalism  the sound of clanging and cluttered trains  city grime beneath cuticles  and the ghostly smoke of burning blunts
 blackhawks got smoked last night 70  but still had fun and plenty of @molsoncanadian @ bbampt 
 this nigga asked me why was you coming around me if you wasnt interested uhhh youre the weed man you sell me weed tf.
 watching some detroittigers lacasadelhabanos cuba habanacuba @ georges smoke shop 
 blackhawks got smoked last night 70  but still had fun and plenty of @molsoncanadian @ bbampt 
 when i dont smoke i get easily annoyed
 dropped some weed in front of moms i aint finna hear the end of this shit 
 boisefreestuff apple tree wood for chips or smoker eagle  
 @ayeeequishia weeds  how to get away with murder  revenge  scandal
 damn im actually upset about losing this fish. i got him when otto porter was drafted. dude would kick it with me when i smoked and ps4
 drank drank  smoke smoke. just to ease the pain.
 @allaboutnj legalize marijuana now
 im a mess... theres not enough beer and weed to calm me down.  dont want the xan because i wont remember a thing.  gocats drivefor9
 otayuri would probably smoke weed together in comfortable silence dont @ me
 ion even smoke no more and i be losing my train of thought 
 what a perfect day to work and smoke
 my mom just told me that if i ever smoke im not allowed to smoke newports and that i need them strong omg
 people who only have fun when alcohol or weed is involved need a serious reality check
 one time i was really high and i told this lady at the gas station we should smoke and now she doesnt leave me alone 
 i thought it said marijuana lmao 
 psa please dont smoke on the beach around children
 the universe chooses the exact moment im out of weed to shit on me 
 @kcchief5886 some day my friend. large hunks of smoked meat have a great day
 can all the cigarette smokers in vegas die plz
 he put my engagement ring in a jar of medical marijuana on 420. andtheniknew he was perfect for me.
 im never taking my grandma to la again she walked into 5 smoke shops and got smoked out by this group of guys
 i are 2 brownies today and i knew that one was a w. eed brownie but i wasnt told that the other one had weed in it too and im way 2 high rn
 @arttlifted i never smoke mids and i would rather chain smoke newports and be drunk if i cant afford quality dro
 who wants to smoke this long..... 
 finna smoke this pain away 
 my mom just tried to tell me how bad weed is but couldnt find anything bad to say about it besides it being illegal
 my dad just told me a story about a time he sold weed to chris perez and smoked with him  never have i ever been more impressed by this man
 holy smokes marchmadness
 i fell in love with free smoke.
 this guy told me the other day that he could definitely tell i was an anthony wayne kid because i smoke weed a lot
 all that bomb ass weed going to waste. tragic. 
 i was feigning for weed in nola amp i just so happened to have red hair at the time now these hoes wont stop tagging me in wanda gifs 
 perfect weather to smoke ampa cruise
 perfect weather to smoke amp cruise
 people passing faster then i past the weed
 smokeshowoftheday smoked myself again duh gump
 i didnt smoke today maybe i can go thirty more days
 free smoke all summer long
 trump in the weeds. perfect 
 miss them summer nights. smoking weed til am hours. fuckin in the car. beach trips. yeaaa
 the amount of weed ive dropped over my life makes me sad lol
 today has consisted of laying in bed with my kit kat smokey and jeffry watching lost
 not full blunts but people kept passing them amp at the after spot everyone had hella weed lol
 luis has me fucked up for not tryna smoke me up
 my weed prettier than all these hoes in houma.
 i smoke a lotta dope just to ease my mind  sleazetalk @thaynesjunior
 i think im going to buy about 6lbs of tannerite for my 4 days off. going to have fun blow stuff up  and smoke big hunks of meat.
 why didnt anyone tell me about weeds before yesterday obsessed
 my mom just said our family needs a symbol and she pretending to smoke weed
 @gloneeyah what is he then a weed man g you cant be giving that man up to the law like that  but likewise 
 fuck it im going to smoke
 you smoke your weed and search for your great over there. ill stay with my good over here.
 remember when i used to vape weed lololol
 im so hyped to eat dis bomb ass fruit cup after i smoke
 couldnt fw a female that smokes blacks for fun
 yo @pauseunpause  canada gov. is going to legalize weed in 2018  does that mean @vintagebeeflps legs will finally appear next year
 she smoked it away 
 so we were watching creed and james really went to go smoke like he couldnt have waited
 i just walked outside to smoke a cig and a bird was laying on its nest and it almost attacked me .....
 mission for 2017 get my mom to smoke weed
 def forgot that i had a candle on then it set of the smoke alarm and woke the fam up...my bad
 long live smoke  long live bart
 @battlefieldtrip as long as its not the purple or black smoke. i hate licorice.
 ugh today was fun bc all i did was smoke wif frens then i went home and slept until 10
 should i smoke this blunt now or later
 meg i know ur cozy in bed but likw i miss u and wanna smoke man  @megsavage
 i just wanna smoke with my boo  my boo that i dont have ha
 @iplayintraffic frrr smoke with me soon
 @lualilies when we walked in here i told you i would be conducting this interview. now exactly how much pot did you smoke
 see i knew this would happen  my weed too good to smoke alone im over here tweeting to myself
 dont you love it when your smoke alarm decides to alert you of a low battery by beeping in the middle of night smokealarm annoyed
 cali weed but im in memphis
 i literally just woke up with my sister amp we smoked before she went to school amp now im going back to sleep  what a life
 my coworker who doesnt smoke just smoked me out.
 why i smoke with my dad the other day
 @wendydshaffer @nytimes too much smoke not to have fire indictkushner trumpfailure
 holy smokes  this cough i got going on is not okay.
 told my moms i smoke that good shit bc shit its good . she was dead asf and told dont smoke in ha damn house 
 todays a good day to smoke amp stay inside lmao
 nyc is having a dc metro type morning. all 6th ave trains re routing to 8th ave bc of track smoke. woof  what a disaster
 i didnt get to smoke before school bc my parents were home 
 @realdonaldtrump i think millennials might try to like you if you would ease up on your quest against marijuana use 
 @mikandynothem @thedonaldnews snoop doesnt have the brains god gave a billy goat. his brain floats on smoke please
 lmao they flushed it   cuz it was  shitty weed  
 perfect day for a smoke and some movies in bed
 woke up with a weed hangover lol..
 psa smoking marijuana while pregnant makes the infant woke af
 ive gotten woken up to gun shots nigga plz lemme jus smoke this pack 
 @brithume lotta smoke. lotta cloakanddagger. the guiltiest lookin bunch ive ever seen.
 happy birthday to my fav texan i miss your goofiness and sweating our booties off bc its 150 in the weed  
 its going to pour today... that means lay up  smoke  and sleep...
 @flyerthanu2 i thought i was the only one. i smoked out of an original swisher the other day and it was horrible 
 @flyerthanu2 lmk because im down. you got a smoke session waiting for you.
 mom found weed crumbs in my room and thinks im a drug dealer 
 my dogs are so funny they always get super excited and nosy when im getting ready to smoke but as soon as i blow it at them they run away
 man today is definitely a day i wish i could adventure and smoke one
 my younger cousin told me when he gets out of school  he wants to go into the medical marijuana field. i definitely think he should.
 wish i had someone to smoke with and do fun things with
 we talk in platitudes  but legislate in the weeds. makingourcase
 my mom had to take my dad to the hospital last night due to his copd n this is what she tells him in the morning u go smoke now lol
 excuse me while i smoke this blunt in private
 off of weed for awhile though i want my  lips back normal 
 slaid im a little nervous to be opening the show for you mr clark. guy you just need to smoke more dope.  
 i had a dream that i smoked a bowl before school amp i woke up sad af
 chaffetz amp fbi talk abt leaks flynn taking money from turkey amp other sources but not abt russian connections big smoke screen amp do nothing
 perfect day to smoke outside 
 i have gotten above a 92 on every french test so far  @ hempfield high school 
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 lol nah i be floating the mazi he kept spilling weed  
 @maurimagallon the smoke from the fire was making it all blurry
 my sisters boyfriend got me doing the most craziest things with weed lmao
 @debradigiovanni i will have a bunch of weeds soon.  i need to get rid of all those dandelions.  herbicide free dan 
 yall fuck whoever smokes literally 1 foot away from the door  youre nasty af and i want you to go away.
 i love how low my tolerance for weed has gotten. i just took four hits off an already almost cashed bowl and im fucking floating
 i lost my keys  amp amanda says maybe if we smoke this blunt will find them
 @kimkardashian id be willing to be your surrogate if youre interested  i dont drink smoke or do any drugs.
 my dad said he doesnt want me to smoke in my car so hes gonna build me a shed... hes probably never going to though 
 @jmv1070 clay matthews over gronk. his wife is smoke.
 in case youre interested  wv house debating medical marijuana right now... @pushkinforhouse speaking. watch here 
 a smoke a day keeps the bullshit away
 @senatemajldr coughs this smoke blowing up our asses is astonishing...ill say it again m.e.r.r.i.c.k g.a.r.l.a.n.d... you hypocrite
 eating cookies counts as having more vegetables so long as there is marijuana in them.   i work in a hospital  trust me.
 cfc fan calling into 5live @robbiesavage8 saying the smoke bombs affected kante   deluded.
 of course @wvlegislature would find a terrible way to legalize medical cannabis.
 denvers special committee on marijuana is taking up its talk of letting pot shops stay open until midnight. 
 oscar its such a beautiful day  me perfect day to smoke some crack  mom te voy a dar ese crack  en tus pinches dientes  
 one of my partners for a presentation was late for our meet up so he gave everyone that smokes in the group some weed 
 the other night an employee rlly shut down the sandwich shop so we could smoke out the restroom  what a guy honestly
 i need bay area weed.
 they stay giving away weed in dc
 trump smokes mids 
 when you go down in flames  the smoke is going to spell my name 
 i didnt smoke that pot officer the pot burnt itself and forced its way into my lungs
 yesterday my dumb ass sister smoked in my room and idk why my parents didnt smell it in the house but anyway my mom smelt it on my sister
 i dont think ive ever itched to smoke as bad as i have this trip
 @tomjefferson30 @darcalli @barlugaming @stefmacwilliams @halseynewsnet marijuana and blowjobs  man. cmon... get better examples.
 apparently my moms just found a bag of weed i didnt know i had  im so happy
 part 33 of the @telegramdotcom marijuana series. this one is on its potential effects on the developing brain. i k 
 when debates over gentrification and legal marijuana collide with allegations of  antisemitism in a city that valu 
 that thing was smoked
 its been so fun denver out to smoke amp eat  
 elvis smokes a double into the lf corner. back to back innings with 2out scoring opportunities for texas. profar up next. rangers
 @messymonday who cares if he smokes its his life
 @ipunchgrandpas omg im losing a smoke buddy  im depressed 
 as a libertarian  i think gay couples should be able to defend their marijuana plants with guns
 i like to smoke weed an work .. i try to stay out of the mix 
 @cenkuygur unable to report to medicare when doctors charge 10 min consultation for smokers when they did not spend that time. how
 @cenkuygur unable to report to medicare when doctors charge 10 min consultation for smokers when they did not spend that time. how
 if you tell someone that you can smoke more then them you obvi a rookie smoker.
 if i smoke oregano will i get high in italian
 varsity lost to a solid hempstead team 04 tonight. held them to 1 goal in 2nd half. @burken11 18 saves.  jv great fight  lost 01.
 mom what are you smoking it smells strong val its weed mom    she thought i was smoking a cigarillo  but issa blunt 
 only downside to the bar your throat still burning three days later from secondhand smoke
 lost a swisher pack full of weed if u find it hope u enjoy 
 @lukeoutloud hes definitely mentioned smoking weed before in an interview  but he kinda implied it was something he used to do
 any winehouse told me stop smoking weed  but i told that bitch no  no  no 
 who got the weed in atlanta
 i said name a better combo than potato salad and apples and my dad said vagina and weed ........ im shook
 no weed stressed
 it was just a stop on our road trip  mom. @ weed  california 
 cali weed amp palm treez
 if i won the mega millions  i would buy a stadium and thousands of pounds of weed. and have a huge smoke session with all my friends
 i just realized we voted the boy who cried after he got head and smoked weed bc he was afraid his mom would find out as our prom king
 cannabisjournalism wvgop invokes satan in the weed debate 
 took my weed i brought back from cali
 pro tip smoke machine on the rider
 83 la mission was a smoked  sapid delight  75 cos had gone to redfruited classic mature 
 dont take xans  and smoke woods before getting a fade 
   it would appear the minoritys plan to construe democracy went up...in smoke     not bad right
 @dawgstarz yall are the first brand of weed that ive ever felt loyal to. consistent product  well priced. and i the jars
 let me clear the smoke real quick coughs george washington carver wasnt gay he was castrated
 i just found some weed and then lost it immediately after  why am i like this
 chaduer was the first one i smoked with. him and ngor taught me how to hit a blunt. damn i miss you. rip
 las vegas  where the weed at
 get home mom brought me carne asada fries sober af lost my raw pack drive to smoke shop get there at 1110 and it closed at 11 fuck
 private smoke session for 1 @ 248am
 nevada law says that anyone with 2 nanograms of marijuana in their system while driving is impaired. 
 that guys a menace to society as i was laughing  my dude friend who smokes mary jane all the time calls james franco a menace to society
 waking up from the cavi i smoked early haha
 im off a full xan  did some yadada  had some molly  sipped two lines of lean  smoke hella dro  and im still woke bc of feelings @dae2timez
 just told my mom i almost went to jail the other day for weed 
 holy smokes im in so much pain 
 apparently you can smoke edibles  
 that haaaaaaaaa kills me dog. rip james brown  man smoked that loud frfr.
 he knew clay didnt smoke so he was charging him more smh its called business 
 i respect @snoopdogg  cali legalized marijuana so having 420 event there bringing wiz cypress berner to red rocks park amphitheatre 423
 sorry boo very early but 3 days no  too many no weed and damn a nigga miss them kids moms getting shame they so nervous
 ima smoke this bowl and thats why ima be late to school lmao
 man the only thing that keeps me going is weed and thinking bout my day off
 2bittues his demeanor super cool  he seemed to care less about the source of the smoke than he did about rifling through his pockets.
 thomas the tank engine smoker. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app stores  
 fancy smokers @americanroyal get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app stores  or 
 @mcclainonnfl smoke and mirrors  only temporary til he gets out of contract. fixing to be a big fued btween jjromo
 all i do here is work smoke and miss my damn friends.
 the best days are the ones where you still smell like smoke after the second shower @ sterling  
 ash can still have burning embers. we need to watch them closer than smokey the bear 
 im using weed as a pain killler lmao someone give me a xan 
 i need cali weed 
 @carlosmarinlive seeds must be planted in fertile soil. 5 yrs and still seeking that soil. many weeds infested fields of minds.
 i just miss having a nigga to smoke with all the time 
 free smoke blaring from my office right now  lets goooo peopleeee @diddy voice
 the study found 23 less hospitalization from opioid overdose in states where cannabis is legal. 
 apparently some people are very annoyed with me and my playful instagram comments. especially all the smokeshows i follow . like i gaf...
 i used to be very unsympathetic when students in my classes would do weed legalization as a speech  i assumed it was just for fun
 just had to slam on the brakes because i almost smoked a bald eagle that swooped in front of me
 shoulda smoked before 
 a lot of smoke in a story that @dnc  @cnn @msnbc wants to go away.
 @govabbott if someone told you that if you used cannabis  you would get out of that chair and walk would you 
 roll up amp smoke my sins away
 about to smoke some pcp
 my weed burning 
 danielle ftd me to smoke in my face
 its always nice to smell the smell of weed floating around libertys campus. reminds me that its not that bad of a school lmao
 good food  good times with friends  taking care of my skin  weed  time with my mom 
 got to eat dick and smoke gas boo
 i been doing good i even gave some weed away yesterday lmao
 @iamjakelawrence @509hightop @tylerjmartinez @pembertonfest umm excuse me have you not seen kid cannabis
 atlanta what it dew come smoke 1  with the guy 
 less woke more smoke
 free smoke  no long talk  blem  gyalchester  kmt   sacrifices and cant have everything only songs i love out of 22. 
 first of all that was from a video i was looking at. idc if a weed man drivers or not 
 im going on a trip with my school which means i cant smoke for 4days..... and im already having withdrawals.
 dont dont touch anything bottles clamoring youre gonna mess up the feng shui faint smell of smoke lotta qi up in here. you feel it.
 we used to be such a burning flame  now were just smoke in the summer rain
 @allhailasia what is leaving my room to smoke it wont happen 
 me waiting for my ratchet tuberculosis cough to go away so i can smoke again 
 i miss smoking weed 
 visit my dads gravesight yesterday if you look closely you can see a heart made out of the weeds. love  and miss 
 so far in our adventures today we have been offered info on acid  weed  coke  and jesus. vivalasvegas
 my check and bank card came in the mail  i found my weed i lost yesterday  my ticket to florida is paid for and i got dq... its a great day
 @timothyskea weed
 @kimkardashian smokes mids
 @thefive where theres smoke covering d.c. theres a giant wild fire
 lmaooo my brother told me to take him some weed but sadly ion smoke no more and the guy i use to cop up from fake 
 @kaaywill133 definitely. she has a girlfriend  amp for the record i was just blowing smoke from the blunt to her mou 
 why do yall smoke week to get away from your problems them same problems that was there gone be there when you wasnt high 
 a smoke shop is going into the former johnny vs bar space on santa clara.  dtsj
 feels good to just smoke and cruise on this beautiful day
 went to orlando and couldnt find weed until the last day.  been home for 15 minutes and im high already. philly
 any bike mechanic that ride harleys got a beard and smoke marlboro reds keep that guy
 its a bannon smoke screen  deflecting away from the real news  he didnt learn much from watergate 
 i told my mom to breathe in her inhaler like you inhale weed
 i miss la   not for the people or weed. i miss the mountains  palm trees and the cool dry air.
 can i smoke a cigarette in here lyft driver no. ill give you a 10 tip if you let me smoke a cig right now lyft driver smoke up
 most hospitals in america will refuse a lung transplant if you have any trace of marijuana in your blood.
 my class is arguing about medical marijuana  zont get me started
 lmao   i kept smelling weed getting mad af bc i couldnt find it  found it though 
 @mdethatsme hey  dont hate on smokers.  i am a gay smoker.  i am already double marginalized
 anybody tryna smoke one and pull up to undefeated later
 were going to stay in school forever nic  i cannot believe i was that high.... nomore weed
 why do yall smoke weed to get away from your problems  them same problems gone be there from when you werent high 
 i smoked when i got off work amp went straight to sleep i woke up amp thought it was morning lmao
 great smoke  @ the residences at la cantera 
 there was a picture of weed....gordon liked it 
 dude tell me why my dad laughed when my mom caught my brother smoking weed 
 the 1st thing i got told abt this school was that it was a drug free n safe school but i just smoked with like 3 classmates i just met
 dad ya know cheechampchong smoked so much weed that he stopped smoking cigarettes i got the beard i just need that mindset 
 first ride with smokey joe. he was a perfect gentleman. @ cornersville  tennessee 
 max boot should not be on national tv. hillary lost bc she sucks and is a criminal. the only fraud is hillary. russia is a smoke screen
 i need weed. stressed
 @coraaahaynes @savannahcader i drink with my friends at parties to have fun and i smoke so my back pain doesnt br 
 hung out in portland. the weed out here is amazing.
 what is weed thats how serious i am about stopping
 getting dinner treated by my choir director  @ wings n things in hempstead  ny  
 getting dinner treated by my choir director  @ wings n things in hempstead  ny  
 maybe if i go to a 420 clinic where niggers dont work  i will be able to procure a copious amount of cannabis sativa or indica  4dat madr.
 getting treated by my choir director  @ wings n things in hempstead  ny  
 @sinkorswim @friedcheesemogu @nechamafrier you and @freebearz can form a club of bad weed reactions
 the underground smells like weed more than the normal amount tonight
 ive been thinking about the bowl im going to smoke rn aaaaall day
 bin chickens smoke boo
 @getyoulit @sadistry oh hell no  tell me that wasnt weed you just flushed. thats just wrong
 she just wanna have a good day smoke way more weed then a guy in la
 always wanted to smoke a bowl with my dad. im still waiting for that day. 
 @theyoungchanel waiting on this weed man  why nobody fwm chelsea 
 lemme smoke before i end up losing it
 just ready to smoke  its been a long day....
 yard work all day  the beauty is all worth the pain in the arms after the weedeater...what a chic i run like a man 
 depends on the amount you smoke and how long you been smoking 
 not havin smoke is a sad thing
 i love hydroponic weed.
 my twitter header always got weed involved lmao.
 driving around with weed in the car in kc now gtgtgtgt
 my weedman found out i copped from someone else when he wasnt around amp he rly acted like i cheated on him bro. 
 @dolphin.cowboy tillerson smokes boo
 anyways i just found out my dad used to smoke weed when he was young and now he wont stop talking about it
 @elilake @evanmcmullin not in this case  cunt. you are a smoke and mirrors cunt  arent you
 just found there is a cannabis caucus in dc.
 stfu cnn. the smoke is around russiaclintonobama 
 trimming weed first thing in the moanin 
 my grandma caught me on the weed maps app
 do you think drinking or smoking weed is safer well when im driving  drinking what 
 i said i wasnt going to smoke the rest of this moon dust because it put me bed before sundown but i might do that.
 stay woke   weld smoke  
 just smoked prolly still wont be able to sleep but ima have fun trying
 long as i get my weed im good
 @markhoppus i understood it completely but if it is about smoke his son started.  no one is willing to have his family
 if you see smoke on lafayette st. its from a couple dumpster fires. firefighters just responded to one at the nash 
 when its 530 am and youre really craving weed and matcha green tea
 @randpaul reminds us why hes fringe bag carrier on susanrice smokescreen @karacalavera
 smoking weed has ruined my life but its ok im in the process of fixing that
 @socialismical @lemzia @alimaricielo @foxnews if you continue to smoke  drink and eat excessively and get sick as a 
 @shelbycat03 applied during dry conditions it works well on city weeds  if you try i would love to hear how it worked for you.
 nevada law says that anyone with 2 nanograms of marijuana in their system while driving is impaired. ouch
 musings do i need to tip my neighbors drug dealer for the amount of weed seeping into my bedroom how does that work
 going to smoke a blunt with rumeal in slippers and a robe over my pajamas because it was a hard morning and i deserve to look like trash
 he has here and there jobs. still lives with his mom. smokes weed every second of the day but has no goals and want a stay down bitch
 man  i shoulda just smoked while i lived with my parents. they thought i was high all the time anyway
 yeah. because you guys were getting smoked 101 to @stetsonbaseball and didnt want that loss on your record. soft 
 vibe to @dammy864 smoke n chill on the rainy day. 
 my brother is putting on his very own cannabis event follow his page on instagram and dm him for qs if you would 
 bro i hate waiting  shoulda brought sum weed
 @yungundead no thats why they couldnt smoke w them. there wasnt even enough for a full swisher son.
 would anyone be interested if i wrote a blog about different topics of marijuana to educate everyone on a bunch of different stuff
 @isaiahthomas fam do me a favor and smoke them cavs tonight 
 u think cali weed is the best bc u never had african ganja.
 it almost noon and ive smoked 3 bowls already. roughday positivevibes
 lauren mom im almost out of weed laurens mom well you better come home  goals 
 all this was over a gram of weed apparently 
 i started coughing and brandon was like thats a smoker cough lmao
 she said taking their weed was an executive decision i almost dropped my phone in the toilet
 @richardengel until there is verifiable proof  its all smoke and mirrors  if no outright lies.
 my mom woke me up at 5 am to say whatever weed you have you need to smoke that shit or get rid of it bc its stankin up my damn house 
 @gendohime and then smoke emits from your ps4. you die in the ensuing fire. they were serious.
 @pookiemosley whats the point tho you just get 2 skinny blunts same amount of weed  twice as much wrap which is more harmful...
 the most dangerous thing you can do with weed is get caught with it  willie nelson
 when your last name is huff  and everyone thinks its so cool to say like the weed brand nope  its not huf 
 remember to store your marijuana locked up  out of reach and out of sight of children. learn other tips at 
 me has cold  maintains weed smoking habit ugh why am i still coughing
 i was about to smoke but this strong ass wind blew my weed away 
 patiently waiting for erika to get out of her interview so we can smoke a blunt lmao
 i remember when i used to have to leave the house  walk to the park  catch 3 busses and a train just to smoke. nowadays its mandatory
 life long lessons from the dentist dont smoke cigarettes smoke pot
 i really think my mom thought i was just blowing smoke when i said i was moving to austin.   lol.
 i just want to smoke some cali kush in cali.
 i miss weed.   i was such a chill person.
 i need me a lil boo to smoke with and lay up with on stormy days like this ......
 if i had a bathtub i would feel better. if i had smoked a real cigarette in the past few days  if i was less prone to emotional distress
 people passing faster than im passing weed.
 @kieranoctober i just want my cough to go away because i desperately need to smoke 
 will hillary schieve defend nevada in terms of legal marijuana
 will the mayor of reno  hillary shieve  defend nevada in terms of marijuana legislation rsj207
 after work cappuccino and java mint smoke in the elm city de4l  @drewestatedata app. @ the 
 you are my safe place  you are my home  you are my shelter when it all goes up in smoke jesus youarehome youaremyhope
 perfect time to smoke and sleep
 little dumb ass kid told my dads mom that me and my brother be smoking weed  bitchhh hookah is weed  im weak ass fuck snake
 out in public restaurant me apparently statistics show most high school kids dont drink or smoke  mom what do they do for fun
 garuntee the song 562 by joey fatts gonna be huge. smoke to this shit all day
 i read some stuff that said weed may decrease the fertility of sperm so it wasnt hard to decide 
 i smoked a spliff with gas and felt like i was in another dimension
 re lrt  its silly but i am amused by the notion of forcing a bunch of weed evangelists to make their point succinctly.
 everytime my mom gets in my car she says it smells. today it was weed. tomorrow itll be pork rinds
 uhm  yeah excuse me weed smoke taste dank af sooooo bye 
 @natenews3lv @news3lv trim all the weed
 me do i need to put this herb stuff in the salad mom i mean probably... me it looks like weed... mom wanna smoke it instead
 @nasboat cool to see the smoke monster still getting work after lost ended
 @rubble70 @natenews3lv @news3lv sounds like you might know a bit about the weed biz... 
 lost my weed. walked out on my job. busted my eampj bottle. wtf fuck today.
 @ojedge eve long  pensive exhale of smoke what a wild one she was  thought ofme when u retweeted @sarbreezy
 the weed in florida is boo boo 
 just told my moms to smoke that kush....bossest shit ill do this week
 we can stay if we smoke more weed
 im always losing weed
 when you lost your weed lmao 
 things that get me thru la traffic  soundcloud amp marijuana 
 i dont smoke  just quoting a man from a video. 
 has to be a weed man   
 @brianstack153 has a secret identity hes smokey the bear. please dont tell anyone
 that weed was bad for you 
 i wanna smoke my mom acting like a po
 nelson cruz smoked that ball
 these niggas really tryna tell me toledo weed is on the same level and ass clevelands hangingwithreggiesmokingers
 this guy has a spinning dorito mazda and it needs apex seals like a mofo cause it smokes like snoop dog and willie nelson on colorado
 i waited a good minute for ya girl to be in a pic till i realized you was talking about the weed  
 for commenters hating on mccormicks new smoking regulations plz tell me what professional ballparks let u smoke anywhere near the game
 it was reported that all she liked to do was play video games and smoke weed damn rossi why u talking about like dat criminalminds 
 it was reported that all she liked to do was play video games and smoke weed damn rossi why u talking about like dat criminalminds 
 okay i was just reading my news app on my phone and theres a such thing as weed tampons and im so disgusted wtf ladies
 it was reported that all she liked to do was play video games and smoke weed damn rossi why u talking bout me like dat criminalminds 
 my sister smoked weed with me
 its getting to the point where if i value my life i need to stop inhaling smoke for a long time  ive been denying the truth for too long
 if i didnt smoke i would be intolerable bitch
 havent been able to finish a meal all day...knew i couldnt be hungover thaaat long  then i realized i havent smoked all day 
 just smoked a fat ole cunt
 @talibkweli r yu ready 4 tha cannabis festival n d.c.  later on this month
 in nights like this dont forget to tip your weedman for driving through a storm just so you can blaze up 
  the other night while getting in trouble i told my ma i would smoke with her  she got offended though so yeahh thats not happening..
 all i want for 420 is to smoke with the zombies @flatbushzombies 
 lmfao the day my mama found out i smoke was funny ash
 fuck  sam left a bunch of vic powder on my rolling tray... didnt know... smoked that shit... uhh.... bruuuuuuuuuuuuuh...
 @dolewhipswirl @bofmjeremy couldnt say about smokey  but chewy didnt chew.  he just drank... a lot.
 weve found that theres been less crime with marijuana now that we can regulate it.  duh
 i been so stressed i have no appetite unless i smoke and my asthma is getting bad rn 
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 mom what are you trying to tell me did you get into my bag of weed 
 friday is smoke and dick day but i wont be participating 
 when @shanekerley gets ahold of some weed. 
 boi they did clay so wrong sneaking the weed in his backpack 13reasonswhy
 you trip ya ass on clay amp ima smoke you bitch 
 i thought it was decent plus i smoked like 3 blunts and the acting funny af 
 fuck this im going to smoke
 this headache just wont go away  i tooa claritin for my allergies   nothing   tramadol nothing   smoked amp that bitch banging 
 large fire department response in our neighborhood near mingashe. smoke visible. 
 i remember i would smoke all the pain away  my problems would be gone for a couple hours then back to reality
 friends  whiskey amp weed. today wasnt so bad.
 soo my plan was to smoke after i put brielle to sleep bc shes beyond stressed me out today
 @asslixz my mom found thirty hydros in my car  a pipe  and one 1 gram of weed. i got a strict talk about felonies  and thats it
 heart stopped for a min bc i walked in my room amp my parents moved my dresser amp i thought i saw an old weed stem but 
 sad that no one is waiting at my house for me with some marijuana
 ok this was very helpful bc im writing a paper rn on legalizing marijuana for politics 
 tomorrow i definitely need weed.
 @somepeacetalks @blondenfun1 @jblurb1 @misgrace white phosphorus  can be used for a smoke screen wo burning anyone.
 moms really thinks she can do that and then get smoked out lmao 
 okay who the fuck is going to the smokers club event on 420 because   i really am about to go solo
 well take it day by day  smoke by smoke  and then one day it wont hurt so bad. @ white house 
 remember i used to smoke to this song and go film when i used to go skate 
 debating if i wanna smoke some more lmfao
 @duhhimkrissy my mom dont smoke so stfu
 destructive weed threatens u.s. corn fields  via @reuters this just in...
 my dad said he gotta smoke before we go driving today  he so ignorant
 the amount of guys in my trade that smoke and do dip is still amazing to me.
 @pyx106 anyone who smokes today  regardless of the lame excuse  back when i started they didnt know it was bad...  is a complete idiot.
 just sittin here in disbelief ... bout to smoke my morning away
 so the app is fubard on the bright side  denvers got some great weed. housekeeping must get great tips on check out days canttakeitwithyou
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 i stay tryna smoke the pain away  hopin for sum better days
 they are blowing smoke up our ass and taking away the coverage to have it removed 
 hahaha and as if it wasnt already the shittiest birthday ever the dog just sneezed half of my weed out of my grind 
 LA or Memphis or The Bay Area
 for the mf in kc thinking you can smoke now. you can still get a record  stay woke
 bae doesnt smoke  
 dc @dcpolicedept running stings only in poor neighborhoods to arrest folks for 20 of weed missingdcgirls dumb 
 if you dont search each amp every dorito for which side is more cheesy  youre wrong amp evolution will weed you out one day
 people are shocked when they find out i smoke weedmy neighbor said i look like a school teacher and didnt think i smoked mindblown
 my dad told me to smoke normal weed. im just like what
 when did caelyn become a chain smoker just around the time i lost my will to live lmao
 @potus republicans are letting democrats get away with every damm thing nunes shiuld stay using smoke and mirrors.
 can ya smoke and ride with a playa with me and youuuuu 
 i was never a hard drug user  i stuck to weed and e as a teen. but i deliberately lost my virginity early. i was badly bullied in school.
 i felt so nervous about going in perhaps i was to blame for my own anxiety because i also just smoked weed before the massage
 my dad said i sound like i smoke a pack a day well thanks i must sound real cute.
 my cousins gf told me it wasnt ladylike to smoke weed.
 so whose got the ganja in this classssd @caughtbydacops
 my man derek came to work baked and told me to smoke some during lunch
 i smoked so much loud that i lost my hearing.
 rainy days we smoke the time away
 my finance professor used tequila and marijuana as our examples because he thought that would interest us more than just normal assets 
 the struggle for weed yesterday was so irritating
 on weed and food amp take my ass on a vaca  
 if you know your man had a long day just wait for him at home with some weed like this 
 excuse me while i smoke this blunt in private
 @jonsnow420 you should smoke pot
 if he was hitting crackpipe tho  now would be best time to trade him cuz trade value goes down after you smoke crack 
 happythorinthursday  cold and rainy here so have spent a quiet day weeding out clothes.  wt loss is fabulous. off 
 never forget at nelsons ed was breaking the weed up with his teeth
 i should work at my brothers weed shop on the weekends... i was scared but they got armed security now so i might...
 the table i was waiting on dropped their bag of weed and freaked out when i picked it up for em 
 lotta dope smoke  
 im going to try weed again
 stop letting them smoke for free 2017 
 sourp caviar smoke a couple of you fucks 
 the weed man would have u waiting all damn day
 have you ever gotten into a weed coma where you fell asleep and woke up the next day confused af 
 lmao she was a super dope woman  but i couldnt get with that weed smoking stuff man. 
 lmao just smoked out some fool in a blue tacaoma thinking it was my old buddy...it wasnt  wrongguy whoopshi
 lmao i just smoked out some dude in a blue tacoma thinking it was my old buddy...it wasnt wrongguy whoopshi
 this new cross breed of purple punch and la confidential almost makes me want to smoke. 
 did crime go down in denver after the legalization of weed happen
 can anyone is calabasaswoodland hills get me weed plz
 @tweedinc are u going to be able to add more weed before 1pm for those who still need to order amp couldnt until today cause your sold out
 its a good thing my mom didnt breastfeed me more because she was probably smoking more weed than willie nelson nutrition prof
 great seeing cannabis companies openly advertising see these on the back of las vegas 
 @budsitters @majikmarcer @1011news cannabis is far less detrimental and many professionals would benefit from its use.
 on the way to la somebody smoke with me after this work out
 i literally smoked 20 dutches back to back yesterday  i was so high oms i fell asleep amp just now waking up 
 definitely pussy if you would go through that for weed then you gotta a problem lmaooooo 
 it wasnt written on the peeling gel that denise couldnt smoke while it was applied. luckily  it removed hairs and a layer of skin
 doesnt surprise me @lyftnyc refuse a sit down with the @drivingguild. lyft s playing the public with smokeampmirr 
 in highschool all i cared about was weed and clothes. when my friends had nigga problems i couldnt relate.
 queen victoria used cannabis to treat her menstrual pain.. why am i typing about it before packing a bowl
 @steaxxx i have flu didnt smoke 4 2 days fam
 i love that my boyfriend and i can just smoke  eat some chicken nuggs and talk about stuff together mybff
 i told my mom i didnt know how to do my eyeshadow anymore and she said  okay you better stop smoking weed 
 lmao i stg bra that shit just gay to me lol i feel like only females should smoke fruit flavor rellos 
 ummm ok psa the smoked butterscotch frap from starbucks is the best thing to happen to my tastebuds in a long time
 @dickyoungsghost @nytimes i know  what is it with public advocates and weed
 my mom threw away my weed so i texted her abt it 
 my mom accidentally threw away my weed so i texted her abt it 
 louisville qb jawon pass cited for marijuana possession via @bleacherreport app 
 @migqyyz man would get smoked by cell
 neva smoke dope from cali 
 havent smoked in 6 days i mite as well say fuck and see how long i can go without it
 i wasnt on weed i was high on caffeine while grading my professor
 i told the doctor i smoke like 5 grams a day she turn around like... 
 the struggle of having good weed is making my dads car smell   love being back in hoptown
 calling all my crafty people where can i find a large selection of beads im making hemp braceletsamp keychains. joanns hasnt got shit
 i know i ranted last night already but that guy couldnt even smoke out of a pipe... he kept burning himself. like how sad 
 this la weed be havin me super high ...
 nothing drives me more crazy than parents bringing in their children for a a cough that wont go away. then the parent smells like smoke..
 shot some test footage for my next shortfilm loss and found w smokey and he was such a good 
 @neontaster @churchillsdoggo but arent the coworkers as much of a problem as the bosses cause u said everybody takes day long smoke breaks
 le go smoke 65 
 @waithiramariga im okay with someone who smokes a little pot  as long as thats not all they do all day. but no other drugs what so ever.
 perfect day for a smoke
 and i was like i dont smoke and she was like oh haha my bad and i ran to the bathroom and waited till my sister texted me she was back
 working from home is fun but all i do is smoke weed and watch maury all day.
 we all smoke its okay
 i honestly dont care if nfl players smoke pot.but the deflection technique from pro pot folks that its only a pain mgmt thing is hilarious
 so its gunna take 90 days for weed to get out of my system specifically. this should be fun
 i need a kilio.... where is the weed 4 less store. not food 4 less. they used 2 provide a ride home 2 
 my dads guy..rip and my guy @tonystewart smoke  im going to miss you 
 we all smoke its okay 
 i use to dig weed now im just annoyed with it 
 smith  on nflpa stance on medical marijuana. were not there yet. were looking at the issue of pain comprehensive 
 i dropped out of school couldnt pass the sat now i got two bad bitches passing me the weed
 roll up and smoke my sins away
 niggas smoke a blunt pour a line and think they done live
 they wasnt high off no weed tho  
 my parents stay throwing shades about how i smoke 
 some of the yemeniowned stores closed in my neighborhood deli  camera store  beauty supply  dollar store  smoke shop  fried chicken joint
 im annoyed bro. i need to smoke
 my day was legit bad   but im just bout to smoke it off 
 we all smoke  its okay.
 @puppymnkey a friend with weed  is a fiend indeed. it might not change the situation  but you wont have a nervous breakdown over it
 going back on weedblack
 @hdawg i thought youd like to hear some willie nelson he supports recreation marijuana
 im having a meet in greet at la mesas finest weed store in san diego 3pm5pm  7140 university ave. la mesa ca 91942 
 dont want to die young after all these grams ive slung all the grams iv smoked n charred my lung seen saddam hung from the top rung
 i just dropped four grams of grinned weed all over my bed.............   excuse me. 
 okay the amount of weed snapchats you guys are sending me is getting ridiculous 
 meanwhile im waiting to get off so we can smoke  
 anyone who believes malcolm butler can shut down julio jones is smoking the same cocaine rick james smoked
 im just tryna smoke n rub you down boo thats all
 my mom be wanting to smoke so bad lmao
 if i lost as much weed rolling joints as i lose tobacco rollin cigs my friends would fuckin murder me
 we talked a lotttt but he smokes way to much.. amp ehh couldnt get myself to like him more than a friend 
 my sister just told my mom im a herbivore because i smoke weed everyday 
 sneaking somebody out the hospital to smoke is always fun
 if beer was my neighbor  id have no problem letting him borrow my weed whacker.
 i found some pot in my dads house and smoked it.... i feel like a rebellious teen.
 its a scale used to measure weed  in grams to be exact 
 you smoke mids 
 i wasnt gonna smoke on my break today but so much has happened at work today i need to 
 holy smokey myron dewey from digital smoke signals is here sistergiant @ sister giant 
 i just want to be walking around naked in a forest smoking weed away from the world
 getting smoked by my dad for punishment  
 need this shirt. 1 cause malia is bae and 2 bc we all do smoke. 
 @cannabisbiznews @vprnet the contrast of all time nuclear experimentation and marijuana cultivation 
 my mom just whispered sketchily hey...im buying a lot of marijuana stocks trumps president and sue suddenly is pro drugs.  imdone
 my mother  guess what...im buying a lot of marijuana stocks trumps president and sue suddenly is pro drugs imdone whatislifeanymore
 my mom just told me donald dont smoke weed with any of my students please
 need to smoke or i might explode
 mom wow i think we ran over a skunk. me mom thats weed 
 @101jamz just cause ya moms or dad used to or still smoke crack doesnt qualify you as a hip hop head  you a spectator
 @brianakogan oh yeah. youre in weed country definitely does help some people
 bruh dont come to calling yosef a smoker if you aint seen pineappleexpress straight up
 all im saying is im tryna get as smoked out as possible before fuck thats delicious starts at normal thursday hours
 im going to smoke 
  wassup bro we be blowing more smoke than an train 
 you have to be you unapologetically over and over again. being you is the perfect way to weed out anything you dont need in your cyph.
 @liiilkim i only knew it was weed because i replayed it to look at the texture 
 lmao i said smoke purple
 dad what was president obamas term like  takes a deep smoke inhale  alright kids let me tell you about bowling green massacre.
 smoke weed for shoulder pains.
 i wish it was possible for the rangers to draft eeli tolvanen. holy smokes is he fun to watch.
 i miss weed and my bowl
 this is where i wanna be.. right here with my loved ones... smoking on some weed...
 the lonely nights they fade away he slips into his white @nike he smokes a clip and then hes on the way  to free his mind in search of
 willie nelson products kick off mature marijuana market in las vegas 
 im proof you dont have to have a masters to be a masterpiece.. people passing away quicker than i pass the weed
 @pokercentral smoke less weed shorttermmemory 
 long live smoke
 @realdonaldtrump dude you are humiliating yourself  and now @schwarzenegger is going to smoke you... again. sad
 nothing is better than driving through a random cloud of smoke today. cough cough stl
 almost sent my mom a you trying to smoke later text 
 my mom told me if i didnt smoke i would not be sick rn so not hitting a blunt prevents the flu
 when your name is mom in your friends phone and they mean to ask you to smoke but almost text the real mom 
 yall my mom doesnt smoke. that wasnt her lol 
 but my dad didnt tell my mom he found weed that nigga just took my shit
 niggas taking 10hrs just to smoke 
 my dad is filling out a medical clinic paper for me and it said do you drink do you smoke and i said no and he chuckled  wth
 did someone just ask me if i was on marijuana... definitely not
 yo i aint letting anyone take my smokes today
 started selling drugs at 14 record was clean servin to fiends pumpin them like a machine weed was green
 started selling drugs at 14 record was clean servin to fiends pumpin them like a machine weed was green @rickyrozay
 i aint smoked in so long  i think tuesday im going smoke anybody out
 wow kid you smoke couldnt tell by your entire snapchat story
 all my weekends consist of large amounts of marijuana haha  
 i smoke thats it all the other shit is for the birds 
 disclaimer my dude jorge doesnt smoke. he is only 9 months old
 can anyone get ahold of smokey
 i stay stealing weed out my mom room when i dont got none
 @hiramboyd @dayjeff1977 remember this is the same guy who said weeden and johnny were the answer
 done for the day. about to go to cary and smoke my day away until tonight 
 you smoke him every time jorge i remembah 
 @bornnc no smoke
 when im not here does anyone miss my secondhand smoke 
 smoking weed on the beach is just so perfect right now
 rip kg gotta smoke jus to ease the pain
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins 
 yeah  that definitely wasnt @aldonsmith in the weed smoking video. from that instagram live stream just now  his voice is way different.
 yeah  that definitely wasnt @aldonsmith in the weed smoking video. from that instagram live stream just now  his voice is way different.
 when im not here does anyone miss my secondhand smoke do you wonder where i am or who im with
 im going to see my main weed man tonight. im annoyed as hell.
 meggie and her dad  maggie can we smoke her dad yeah go for it fuc it maggie okay lets roll a blunt
 stressed out in this bitch like i smoke a pack a day
 @delanemassey @awinston @theintercept ca is becoming lawless they now pimp out children  smoke pot and could care less about
 stfu amp roll some weed....
 did you really smoke weed last night if it wasnt on your snap story
 people passing faster than i pass the weed  @bigsean
 if ur man is havin a bad day u smoke him up and buy him jimmy johns
 but nothing takes the pain away better than cannabis.  i think im gonna go for the cbd mango shatter ... the strong stuff lol
 its tgif again  lets go out to play. disco lights amp smoke fill rooms  smooth mellow music amp jerky moves fun  fun  fun 80s style
 good news everyone liked @heartbrandbeefs smoked kobe steak so much  well be serving it all weekend in frisco 
 @jloxx3  im jp i dont smoke bitch
 sometimes wanna disappear like an invisibility cloak  or just fade away in smoke and forget what matters most n drift away in our little 
 i dont want you and dad smoking weed at the nick cave concertmy mom
 we all smoke  its okay
 waiting on the weed man.... tick tock tick tock  hurry weedman
 nfn @nickiminaj is a smoke show
 i felt so at peace there  the air was fresh  the weed was fire  no one knew me  always a beautiful scenery. take me back
 i smoke these blunts so i can ease my pain
 that jeff guy in the prestige auto mart radio comm sounds like your typical sales guy who smokes 12 packs a day on the car lot.
 at 6  latest on dr. mike sandifar ues vucetic ryan taylor talks ot loss at isu jay cutler no more smokeless tobacco at busch stadium
 told my weedman roll up
 met the cutest gay guy at work amp were supposed to meet up to smoke at 8 
 jacob beeninga miss 3 bryce hempel grabs rebound and passes to ryan lindberg for lay in
 thats my boy. i miss you smokey  rip 
 lincoln fouled on the drive at line for 2.  in. miss   bryce hempel grabs rebound
 gen n ivan smoked me out 
 who said that a girl who smokes weed everyday couldnt get far  rihanna is my inspiration to be better at anything 
 take me back to middle school when i smoked weed and i was popular ugh
 this morning i woke up to my cat making hella noise and he was rolling around on my bag of weed   so well trained 
 my weed man need cash app these atm trips be inconvenient
 lebanon  8 hemp field 8 boys after 1 llhoops
 this guy just asked if i had a pipe at the train station...he said he has the weed  but not the pipe.
 why did i think this was some weed  
 yo bae i hope you dont smoke bc if you do im not fwschuu
 said shes never smoked in her life amp she feels so weird. felt bad for the girl smh so young and ugh so upset.. her dad had to come get her
 that this move to my mothers house was going to be a good thing. i finally got away from marijuana amp alcohol  but again  thats no excuse..
 @emuyhn does this mean our marriage is a sham im calling the weed
 damn image sizing well timeforachange i have become a partner in a smoke shop and cbd 
 lmao so van has this huge cup in her cupholder amp first thing i said was holy shit this is huge  you know how much weed would fit in there
 trying to tell my mom that it is okay to ask the doctor for marijuana while she is doing her chemo.
 single gloved smoker brainpans tcmparty
 in the last 20 minutes my brother has told my dad that i pierced my tongue and that i smoke weedmy car smells like weed
 in the last 20 minutes my brother has told my dad that i pierced my tongue and that i smoke weedmy car smells like weed
 who wants to smoke with me amp marisa later   but no walking bc im crippled 
 it doesnt help the dude is hella pale. ha he said aw itll be okay rub some of that smoke on too dont forget between ur toes.
 3 kinds of relationships jojo amp her bae update resumes together megan amp her bae smoke weed together me amp bae watch angry birds together
 i be smoking piff on the way to smoke more piff 
 hubby thinks its an excuse cops always say they smell weed and then they have right to search. how could you fight that in court asksticks
 getting updates on my moms number of smoke free days is such a highlight to my day
 my doctor was going on about memory loss w weed use... uhh thats the point
 700 lives were lost that day to a mythical creature and the town went up in smoke. this is why dragonfire national battleground exists.
 @tomilahren you smoked that mans ass on the names of the fallen at bengazi . trump damstraight
 that smoke after a real good heist laddeforlife @ cutler bay  florida 
 @baddboujee1 soooooooo right now. you think you have the weed in the city. period 
 why do i dream less when im smoking weed these vivid dream are forcing me to sleep less.
 omg my mom just said that would she consider trying a partial weed brownie in the future lmao
 the guy i babysit for told me he was reading an old book of his to the kids when he found a pressed marijuana leaf inside
 walking around in indiana for the day smoking weed like a chimney and dodging horse drawn carriages driven by bearded amish folk
 the boys played well tonight despite the loss.  success comes with failure.  its a hard thing but they need to weed out the noise and......
 me jojo is that weed in your hair  jojo are you sure thats weed me youre right that might be a potato chip
 @strawberrywish its very weeds but zombies instead of drugs...right
 @themicknartin i think calling a kid an idiot is a bit harsh  i still think he gets an opportunity and as far as i know its just been weed.
 you comin out here to smoke no alright. then fuck off  slams door
 libs  fingerwaves @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 i hit her up i tol her there aint no one around we should have some fun i have some weed we should smoke
 my dad used to smoke hash in france
 my dads smokers cough is motivating me to stop smoking.
 ive decided im going to stay sober  no weed  nothing.. while i get this music going.
 my mom has a medical marijuana card 
 if i dont almost get to the point of almost autoerotic asphyxiate cus im coughing so hard  pls keep your weed away from me.
 i really dont have a addiction to weed anymore. im just stressed out all the time and weed helps me get away or think more logically.
 why would you waste all of that weed  the shit bitches do for retweets lmao
 funny because my mom knocks on my door and say youre dad needs weed haha he needs to sleep tonight.  i got you dad
 how is it possible to be to lazy to smoke weed
 woke up at 4 to smoke ... its now 523 and i just sparked it
 i cant smoke like i used to. i was tooooo damn high today 
 i smoke a blunt everyday to take the pain away
 i woke up at 430 am on my own and smoked a bowl to help me back to sleep but i coughed so hard it woke me up more
 @nytimes truth none right now  their  all a bunch of leaches that want a bit of the apple pie.  as smokey says. u didnt put in.
 a trash fire in virginia continues to burn with smoke drifting into nearby neighborhoods. 
 my mom says she wont smoke pot bc in high school she smoked  went to the mall amp laughed so hard she hyperventilated amp then fainted weak
 @chelseafc smoked @arsenal @dgrallen9 epl lead is extended to 12 points
 hills you better look long and hard in a mirror you and your illiterate campaign staff lost all based on smoke and 
 kicking off @flcounties medical marijuana summit  400 statewide local leaders  cannabisconversation @nacotweets 
 smoke some reefer to ease my mind @currensyspitta @ alief  houston 
 my parents found out a smoke weed rn and my dad text me i disown you i said ok and he text me back whos this lmfaooo
 packed room at the @flcounties medical marijuana summit  participating in the cannabisconversation @nacotweets 
 ladies get steak and lobster every day not just valentines  surprise your man with an awesome grill from smokeampbone 
 @ryanboi @mikebealy20 man i really done gave all you niggas buckets and ryan fell in love with the weed 
 if i refrain from smoking weed b4 going out amongst the tweeps  i will refrain from using my restraints. goingpostal  remember the 1980s
 people passing away faster than im passing weed 
 d.c. has some of the best weed ive had in life.
 who in houston tryna roll my weed up   smokesumn 
 @badeddie13 but a gun kept him from killing anyone. smoke on that for a while
 syfy is airing zombie shark followed by big ass spider.  proof that legalizing marijuana isnt all bad. lol zombieshark
 @juancosa13 mandatory was a sin in itself  folk with some rock or weed  killers arrested 5 times out on streets  out amp do it again
 and at 11 am this morning shalani told my dad i amoke weed 
 and at 11 am this morning shalani told my dad i smoke weed 
 cause it was some good ass weed bitch i felt retarded 
 i havent smoked a 60 ring gauge cigar in a while  but this la aroma de cuba sure hit the spot. 
 medical marihuana summit @flcounties  cannabisconversation gt stories on my instagram account @nadiamiami 
 where the weed man in ranchov
 love you miss sonja was way too long great to be back in touch @ lucilles smokehouse bbq 
 love you miss sonja was way too long great to be back in touch @ lucilles smokehouse bbq 
 lol understandable. well yea. fun fact. weed is definitely a plant that grows naturally  
 lets not get lost in the weeds here. bottomline  she is unqualified for the position and has conflicts of interes 
 toughen up cochran this is a smokers lounge. day cares on the first floor. goddamn marcia peoplevsoj
 well  my dad caught a vacuum on fire and now the house smells like smoke. great job dad
 we really had a weed party yesterday  from 5  11 it was blunts floating 
 great time in la yesterday at grace marijuana pharmacy 
 thanks @sprintcare  1 difference between your coverage area and how far away you can see smoke signals 
 not rlly a smoker but id say the third  gatorade is just whatever to me 
 thinking about slowing down with how much i smoke   well see how that goes once i feel stressed.
 @drivebycumshot @aaronsmom6212 hahahah im dying. lets all smoke a blunt later. okay okay.
 i was so high lastnight i thought i was a photographer and was taking random pictures of weed 
 ima smoke away the pain
 me thanks for calling envirocare guy i have a weed problem me me too buddy.
 lotta pro ballers smoke cigs too 
 35 displaced at pangea fields apts after unattended grease catches fire and sends 1 to hospital w slight smoke inh 
 ud  middlesex  sayreville  26 gardner pl  fire damage  minimal extension with smoke throughout the dwelling
 well im going to go smoke so theres that 
 retreating day 1. snow  hot tub on the deck  cannabis  fresh air  lavender. selffirst hepburnt 
 i dont even be high no more weed just make me not anxious and almost neurotypical.
 just found out my dad smokes filterless american spirits. whoever said the apple doesnt fall far from the tree. was wrong.
 im tryna smoke and eat sala thai
 @stjohnspriest @n8breed do you think alcohol should be banned since its far more destructive than cannabis
 people passing more than i pass weed .
 kansas lost to the cyclones holy smokes..
 all you gotta do is smoke the pain away
 @ronthedon187 doing this   howd it smoke 
 @jehmu jehmu  you have been lying for 6 years on fnc  but every other guest host has smoke you in a debate. name one person you won a debate
 when i was younger i used to be scared to bless the bottle  i didnt drink or smoke now its a whole different story 
 haha my dad just smoked this gto w his sts v. it was lit.
 me mom im going to buy weed see ya later mom wait i might have a coupon
 @brookenbaker truuuuu  lol by my weeds down stairs so im having trouble
 libs rodset @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 wrapset @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 people told me bout the flames i couldnt see through the smoke
 the guy who was fixing my car today said it smelt like weed  so he gave me this  
 my dog has had an instagram for less than 24 hours and already smokes me on getting likes
 trell spot used to be the smoke house lmao 
 smoke more weed than a guy in la
 among the things i appreciate about rollin smoke one of the guys in the kitchen is wearing a stetson
 surprise weed candy donation. surprise early bedtime stay tuned...
 @wizkhalifa f @chevywoods come on man you would definitely have to smoke to this  
 my sister been blowing the whole time ive been here that each time she smokes my head hurt. sounds like reggie  @itsdeeeee
 goes to smoke brendan holy shit you must be stressed out me you have no fucking idea
 my dad said  i smoke weed now  
 had an old friend hit me up to hangout today  told him he couldnt smoke in my house he didnt respond. have some respect for the pregnant
 oh that was the party where everyone was smoking weed and i said its so agricultural in here beth
 i told this kid you probably smoke mids and he really fucking said no blunts
 i couldnt help it  the pull of the smoked spaghetti is all too real  @ larina pastificio amp vino 
 my dad just asked menifnibhave weed hidden in the air ducts in our house 
 getting curved and my team losing by 20 at halftime... i need to smoke already 
 my dad went to go smoke a jay but never came back 
 @realdonaldtrump  @putinrf usa government you are the pres.pres.trump you need to weed out the debris that works against you to sabotage
 apocalypsepersonalads will trade one funeral home emergency preparedness kit for weed.  
 my dad thinks i smoke pot 
 about to smoke my night away. 
 got a 3 pack of modelo  weed  wax  and blunts . and im rushing to my girlfriends so i can eat dinner cuhzz she misses me dedication
 i left my house to go smoke so i lied and said i was going to walmart
 my dads been making hints that he would hit the gas again but idk  he hasnt smoked in decades. he might end up in the hospital lol
 there is a dating app that caters to the rich by weeding out the poor.
 down lifer  bury me in smoke and we knew him well  live vids from pyscho las vega 
 what if i smoke weed everyday. it doesnt make me any less intelligent then i am  i stay consistent
 wishing boo was off so we could smoke this blunt and cuddle the night away.
 this nigga is really going to drive an hour to my house just to come smoke me out and he insists lmfao ohhhkkaai ill take it  
 my moms co worker got her a pipe   a dub of weed amp a bunch of mini alcohol bottles shes a real one
 swf prepared to fawn sappily on any male who needs a boost no homo. no smokers. apocalypsepersonalads
 damn this shit unreal.stayed cross the street from me them days gang all used to smoke amp chill. we lost a good one bro. r.i.p shingy
 @volthoff @matthiaswrnl @cyclonealert247 oh by far imho. not sure what it costs but it weeds out the freeloaders that dont really care
 its so funny to me when guys from the bay tell me tryna smoke ill come swoop and im like oh yea ok drive 1800 miles to come get mefoh
 i was never punished keneth lay i was the head of encon lets smoke some piff ya mon its you mr youth im fond we have this eternal bond
 @astrologyvibe @its21saavage i smoke pot yipppeee
  oppharma going to smoke 
 james issac neutron put down the marijuana 
 ahahahah my sister was like do you smoke i couldnt lie so i bluntly told her yep
 @impl0rable i saw a muslim kill a roach......willie nelson smoked it
 my mom is the coolest mom ever shes letting us smoke cigars inside wtf  
 smoke weed tous les jours
 my mom found out the brownie had weed in it ahahah 
 the things i would do to have marijuana as my main problem 
 i smoked medical once and laughed so hard i threw up lmao
 cali casualties thus far nose ring 2 chargers 14 jar weed 1 pair of spider man socks  150 .... cool
 just ate an edible and all the pain in my chest went away. weeds such an amazing medicine
 told my mom that my first long termed boyfriend smoked pot.... and so did i.... brian you are in so much trouble. confessions im42
 its not just a brand its a lifestyle legalize weed for the day let us burn  taking 
 aye u shoulda smoked her doe
 the fun thing i see about this so call ban is all the smoke around it.
 i bet on losing dogs was written after me and mitski smoked blunts and i always lost the outter of the dutch   but dogs is more appropriate
 crazy that a year ago all i cared about was alcohol and weed and now i am a loving mom. god always takes me by surprise 
 should i smoke now or later 
 follow @naturerxediblesaz on instagram to find our unique healthy safe amp potent products at cannabis patients even 
 bro i thought i lost my weed........again.
 yeah  told ya you couldnt go wrong there. how was your pizza and what kind did ya get and did you try the smoked 
 ellipsis for drama. drink   and apparently  gay sex is the equivalent of marijuana  only safer. 420blazeit 
 im going with the weed 
 @primetimejmg yup and u smoke more than me when u was in cali 
  | lawmakers considering medical marijuana the issue is not going away  he said.
 as long as aw shucks  just smoke a blunt amp everything will be fine  yall white boy roy isnt concerned  i guess 
 he just told my mom he sells weed. 
 @sweetemmilyn @ksouth4trump @lesinbullhead @jercars1964 @pjbowles @mitchellvii ya it was like smoke and mirrors
 @davelucci615 couldnt smoke last time i seen him we about to burn the house down 5mins away fool
 one time my friend smoked saliva and stiffened up and completely froze like a plank. after he told us he thought he was a hockey stick.
 i smoke too much  the problems of a 20 somethin
 since u said you werent coming into work then you decide you are going to now you have to smoke me up
 im always trying to smoke it away
 all right superbowlsunday  i didnt know you liked football. behind cloud of smoke what
 if medical marijuana were covered by insurance like opiods... our problems would be far less addictive and long ter 
 i said i wasnt gon smoke no more  but today my last day lmao
 im definitely more of a smoked wings for game day kindoffan. this is a bit excessive. 
 lol when my moms told she smoked the other day i knew it was gonna be a good day today
 whos your pick for the superbowl if two cheeses went headtohead which one would you pick  apple smoked gruyer 
 i hate i lost all my weed connections in atlanta... i need to smoke  atl
 @brandimercer so i was locked out for about 30 minutes in 35 degree weather bc i couldnt call my mom bc i smelt like weed 
 smoke now or smoke later 
 the less i smoke the more i drink.. 
 @drivenbyboredom im learning how to suck dick to afford weed now  so when im done doing that for this apocalypse  i got u on tips
 houston weed is trash as fuck
 my mom still hasnt noticed im growing weed in my closet
 yes weed bae 
 @mayawiley he has no record bc the mdspd was covering up the amount of crime they had in their schools. he was a thief amp a weed dealer.
 pro tip lace the brownies with weed @ ur superbowl party  dont tell anyone
 ok cool  i get it.. you smoke pot and i couldnt care less soooo quit w the snaps.
 @g6throughf5 not sure why youre off in the weeds but the videos online if you want to get informed. @infobee @qaiss2709 @eliasleikeb
 people passing faster than i past weed
 all i do is work and pay bills and smoke all day smh  ive been reeeeal wishywash on my saving tip. smh loafin
 white smoke a winner jp gusto sire
 my mom just told me i can smoke in her house while shes gone next weekend man my birthday keeps getting better 
 i really miss smoking weed 
 @johnmarte1 @rhonda9080 @odenre @hdbones @latinaafortrump @omanreagan isisanimals  and weeding them out is hard. that shld be made clear.
 my mom just told me i need marijuana anonymous 
 @ittsandrea yup now we can smoke crack too
 what can i smoke for 4 qtrs of atlanta falcons football. 
 basic super bowl rundown   theres going to be mad hype for atlanta   theyre going to get smoked and tm everyone will bitch about cheating
 @jaydenpanesso tell me you got the weeds too man
 havent bought weed in so long and just caved so hard 
 my mom just saw my dad try to sneak outside to smoke and is texting him the lyrics to puff the magic dragon
 i just smoked weed with my mom and dad....
 mom justin did you spill oil in the garage while we were gone                          dad that damn hemp oil
 biltmore the street we used to ride up and down waiting for a man to bring us weed
 i can care less about the super bowl now all these beers and weed for nothing 
 holy smokes  this was tasty gordonramsay fishandchips @ las vegas strip 
 you know where to find us later on today  come smoke with us driipdriip420710  proof of purchase 
 we all smoke its okay 
 if nai didnt smell like weed 247 would it really be nai
 yall last night was so fun honestly  all i did was smoke
 pad thai  henny amp some good weed superbowlsunday
 most definitely talk to my doctor about house i just smoked broccoli 
 most definitely talk to my doctor about how i just smoked a shit ton of broccoli 
 you can smoke on the terrace at nrg stadium texas owns
 holy smokes i only speak aloud while you are in silence
 my new friends  delilah  smokey  and bandit. superbowl superbowlsunday lasvegas nevada 
 im carless  weedless. im definitely not in a great mood atm
 time for some smoke  1 of my favourite brewers @brewjeffrey man knows my tastebuds @barnstormerbeer craftbeer 
 every time falcons get a touch down  my dad turns on the smoke machine 
 @imyoungkhalifa shoulda blew a bigger smoke dick homie
 and we are all going to be shocked to find out that many of the atlanta falcons like porn and still smoke weed 
 atlanta hokey smokes  bullwinkle
 the day coffee shops hit cali is the day i will stop hitting the bars lol whos needs a bar when you got food  weed  and drink all in one
 tom brady smokes mids
 my moms boyfriend just told me that holding in weed smoke is worse than smoking a cigarette... i hope he has fun smoking his cancer stick 
 lol andy from weeds is still around apparently
 holy smokes perfect 
 daianna gone tell me i need to smoke on me i do 
 @piglordmeow ion wann no smoke
 theres still a lot of smoke in this stadium... superbowl pepsihalftime 
 erin andrews. smoke.
 the whole stadium is smokey now 
 my friends passing faster than i can pass the weed
 tom brady smokes mids
 my sister used to smoke but why she not biting this blunt 
 my sister used to smoke but why she not hitting this blunt rn 
 brady going have to smoke hella weed after this game the amount of harassment and clowning on social media will exceed to high amounts
 oh i get it  its a euphemism for marijuana 
 @claytongruetzma hasnt had job for 9 months  still smoking dads weed
 not gonna lie  i was kinda waiting for tony bennett to appear out of the smoke and the end...
 safety shoulda smoked edelman. edelman would have never had a chance on it.
 1110 pissed cause this hemp store was closed for super bowl but this wall was cute so have a photo 
 parrish smoke mids
 what. a. comeback. holy smokes. sb51 falcons choke... tom brady just being the freaking man..
 quincy said stay off the weed
  he couldnt have been high off no weed acting like that 
 i smoke pot and jerk off to atheistic gay porn while cutting myself through yoga pants and reading from the quran 
 just smoke yal problems away
 why be angry abt steven universe when u can just smoke weeeeeeeeeeeeeed
 i feel like we didnt get enough time to appreciate the edelmancatch in the moment. holy smokes
 when u find out 420 is weed day bc weed burns at 420 
 i had a debate with my supervisor over marijuana. i swear i refuse to debate with ppl but this...
 anyone willing to pick me up if i smoke u out 
 told mack how upset i was and needed weedus  this angel had a blunt waiting for me by the time i got here.
 okay well i fell like were the only 2 people in atlanta who doesnt smoke  
 so clutch being able to smoke in my room now never thought it would be possible
 welp might as well smoke the pain away 
 fun fact im allergic to marijuana. and no i didnt try it  i just know from being around it once or twice  not complaining though.
 i need to try cali weed
 this almost makes me want to quit  but then i realize that the more i smoke the less i live on this wretched planet. 
 me  natalie  and leah just got tattoos at john does smokeshop
 me 258 i miss weed
 missed cali weed  
 i only smoke gluten free organic weed sweetie
 going to atlanta and only wearing patriots gear and i want all smoke wit anybody that got a problem
 she too real i couldnt pass that... weed so good i almost didnt wanna pass that
 now days all i do is smoke bowls i miss blunts
 i miss having someone to smoke with at the end of the day 
 this reefer madness has me off falling down a rung
 i havent smoked weed in 3 days i cant believe im losing my brand
 i hit that weed and tried to watch drstrange mane i damn near lost my mind when that bitch threw his ass threw space 
 vegas weed different  
 @beckyquick @hulkhogan @darthputinkgb @putinrfeng @realdonaldtrump @usnavy @ironmaiden  going on smoke break @kingmarliedave @beckyquick
 damn i high key i smoke less but saving hella bread
 my sister grew up in howard beach and i was always afraid of the brush and weeds around her 
 there has to be a way to weed out foreign terrorists from entering usa wo hitting xenophobia button 
 someone help a sister out my weedman is dry 
 how the fuck can someone smoke mids 247
 cali weed so much different than cali weed
 my ex really hated me fr lol he used to always be bitter i liked him better when he could smoke 
 definitely catching up on weeds tonight while im alone.
 she smoke way more weed than a guy in la
 logan yesterday  while driving freaked out because my mom shared something about marijuana.  cant handle this boy
 i am so cool on smoking weed like yesterday was the last of it ugh the thought of spending money on it is disturbing
 @mscharlottewwe @kingmarliedave have a scotch and a smoke  and warm up.
 the only thing not in walking distance from apartment is a weed shop and that needs to be remedied immediately seattle cannabis legalweed
 im stressed out  why else would i smoke the weed
 matt ryan played two of the greatest qbs in aaron rodgers and tom brady and he smoked one and just fell short agai 
 goats are tom brady amp belichick. the smoke about their cheating leaves a mark  but is eclipsed by the absurdity of success. sbli
 tennessee whiskey  texas weed  just dont give me the thrill i need. 
 after this blunt   try not to smoke til later
 when the weed man blesss 
 i should be allowed a day off when it rains  this is the perfect weather to do absolutely nothing other than smoke lmao
 i really waited this long to smoke today ugh
 boogies in the air lotta lotta dope smoke
 about to roll up and smoke my pain away.
 @tannerfahrbach yeah i smoked before and i couldnt concentrate on anything haha thanks for the tip 
 yes siree i will cough in front of you shamelessly while you smoke your cigarette in an attempt to tell you i have asthma put it out please
 rainy day  smoke 
 smoke this thing and sleep until 430 or smoke this thing and bench some trains
 @ the person burning incense to cover up their weed lmao
 beaches and palm tress  40s and bawm weed
 @ikeephoesncheck my nurse did say off the record it was okay to smoke but kevin said he would kill me
 people passing faster than im passing weed
 it wasnt weed bro it was my vape 
 i dropped out of school couldnt pass the sat  now i got 2 bad females passing me the weed
 bringing that smoke for aau
 @flstateparks @floridatrail @theweedonisland yes we did. at weedon island. its our go to spot. turtle 
 i told myself i was going to roll this weed a hour ago
 @mitchellvii just please remember many ppl are alive today bc of cannabis. my cousin had a 812 cent brain cancer tumor rso ate it in 6 wks
 these niggas aint smoked all day so they just been arguing
 shutcho bitch ass up you smoke mids
 i smoke my weed and try to live as peacefully as possible
 this man just went out to smoke a record breaking 9 cigarrettes during his 20 min stay wow
 im at smoke amp cigar in las vegas  nv 
 why do people who smoke large amounts of weed think they have to dumb themselves down to be funny and relevant on social media tell me that
 im being told theres an app sponsored by the smoke shop where you log study and class hours to earn points to buy bongswhipets 2017man
 i was so mad they didnt let us smoke at the yg concert in the crowd but when i got backstage it was no problem 
 i was told i would look 100x better if i didnt smoke 
 @seelgaam i miss you yes for sure lets smoke and hang soon
 ps4 and weed its a great day off 
 i tell my dad im at risk for glaucoma and the first thing he says is aw sweet  you can get weed
 used to show my dad videos of terrie the i used to be a smoker girl so hed quit smoking but all hes done is up from 1 to 2 packs a day
 after todays events  im going to be really pissed if marijuana gets legalized today.
 houston weed so trash on g 
 i remember when some boul told me to stop being antisocial bc i didnt want to go to the movies and smoke with him randomly one night
 my mom is the biggest hypocrite ever cause she be telling me smoking isnt good for me but she smoked with my sister the other day 
 spaghetti weastern li smoked eelgarlicdark dried habanadasicilian chilipangrattatospring onion 
 well im going to thank the weed for that
 i dont know how to cope with pain so i just smoke till that shit goes away
 i told the loss prevention guy i smoked and hes been gone for a while now... i think i lost my job
 my mom just told me i need to smoke some weed like wth
 my mom is making me write out a budget plan bc she doesnt understand why im always broke... she doesnt realize that i smoke a lot of weed
 fucking eddie smoked me and denise out lmao we couldnt catch up 
 u can tell wassi is stressed by the way she chain smokes the whole time shes doing hw 
 one of my cousins mad a comment about me getting the camaro and all my dad said was she doesnt smoke weed.......
 i thought i was the only one who liked pairing weed and coffee so naturally i think i found the one
 i remember when i got bronchitis and my doctor told me i couldnt smoke for a week. worse pain ive felt ever
 @tuckercarlson this guy is blowing smoke up everones ass he city has a higher crime rate which means this ass sucks at his job
 i need to smoke with @jonathanndean its been to long
 lessssss smoke
 i keep reading that vlade divac wont trade boogie cousins. has anyone offered vlade like 5 cartons of smokes
 woke up smoked threw the wood amp went back 2 sleep
 well dont smoke and you wont have that problem 
 i smoke whole lotta weed 
 shes so used to the chronic  she used to smoke w her mother
 on some dumb shit. took two hydros for my menstrual cramps. and had the nerve to smoke a blunt. the room was getting small as hell 
 hands over the weed alright  you be safe now
 @vontesean i took some hydros before i got there and we smoked. then yo room was hot  thats why i had to excuse myself lmaoooo
 vic dont smoke your brothers pot  thats your brothers mom
 this is referring to an accidental weed cookie distribution that involved 6 ppl made by a 74 yr old priest lmao 
 @mujaydin im losing to people that i smoked on the daily like what happened the day i got kicked out changed me but im back tomorrow
 just before this some guy gave me weed amp in exchange we hid him from the police lol @ las vegas 
 nikki cant smoke weed shes an infj  izzy describing me
 when i hung up she was like bye smokey
 toughen up  cochren. this is a smokers lounge. day cares on the first floor.
 emilys dog ate a weed and now hes gay
 i told my mom i started smoking weed again and she said i just thought a skunk was in the garage 
 the biggest applause of the crunchies so far was for weed maps... which lost to pokemon go in the best app categ 
 can i get some smoke amp drank cali
 i smoked amp im okay now 
 i didnt smoke enough weed to be as high as i was yesterday 
 people do not like it when i tell them they have to smoke their ciggys at the palm tree and not on the patio @ work
 i miss being a smoker bc now i have no excuse to go outside and be alone for several minutes
 im smoking the amy schumer weed. train wreck
 @vakaviti im not going to debate medical marijuana w you was never my point. but i think the way you address it is quite insensitive  fwiw
 apparently i abuse marijuana..... here are the signs and symptoms.... staywoke 
 when my mom found out i smoked she was just surprised. she didnt think id be into stuff like that. i grew up a nerdsquare kinda sooo
 i dont get angry when my mom smokes pot
 and is willing to smoke a bluntski while on that driveee. 
 someone just said they look like the brady bunch except if they listened to harsh noise and smoke parliaments abt me and my squad
 me enamore de la weed oficial audiojbeatmix remix la glock arcangelnew style of rap music  hip hop latino 
 mom have you been smoking weed me 
 i realized that smoking weed was becoming a problem when we started going through 4 bags of chips every week.
 you can see the smoke from that dumpster fire in norman. boomersooner 
 @lonilove @remyma @keyshiacole and @andykindler stops by with cooking tips weed jewish humor yelling
 just dropped my bagel in a pile of fucking weed so i had to throw it away 
 @craigtimes @wsj legalized recreational marijuana would solve their problems and create a huge export growth opportunity
 how about we forget bennett and he gets lost in the weeds 
 i have an uncle that went crazy bc he  beaten and used to smoke a lot of pcp but hes funny as fuck and im going to the bar with him
 i drink and smoke to hide pain
 happy birthdayyy to my fav thanks for always being there amp for always being down to smoke a blunt with me have a 
 lol is definitely smoke lol 
 @mikeandmike you have a bunch of weed heads in pittsburgh that nobody has any problems with but they have a problem with the hardest worker
 im stupid. okay  i kept smelling weed on my way to class and even in campus. well i ended up taking my weed which was in my backpack.
 if your cologne is le marijuana  im not interested. 
 i told the lady giving out frew cigarillos at 711 i dont smoke and she rolled her eyes at me detroit
 i remember in high school when it wasnt cool to smoke. i was still smoking then
 every smoke shop is just the name of whoever owns it with an apostrophe and an s at the end to show possession 
 @3iwd9fj73seeya too nervous  just gnna keep blaming weed
 the other day my older brother told nick that my only flaw is that i used to smoke pot. we were both blazed when he told nick 
 when i first started smoking i told myself i would only smoke on special days.. turns out everyday is special
 man charged with flying into nashville airport with 23 pounds of marijuana @flynashville pot dumb 
 1018 am  thats not rain  but what appears to be a large smoke plume over western okaloosa and sw covington count 
 @thastonernation how is this helpful to our cause some times i wounder if this kind of stuff is meant to hurt marijuana reputation.
 man i loved waking up to the sound of weedeaters and lawnmowers at 7 this morning. appreciate that sau.
 @mommarocker im going to move to cuba. smoke cigars and drive around all day
 @ultralinx i have both apple and android and the nest thermostat and smoke detectors work well along with my rheem water heater.
 finna smoke my problems away
 if youre going to roll weed at work do it while ur taking a . its the perfect cover.
 last time i was at this venue was a phish concert. i expect slightly less pot smoke this time saastrannual 
 i was in a deep sleep then izzy banging on my window asking if i want to smoke lol
 think i might smoke today  smoke until i fade away
 i miss the tangerine flavored weed
 hard to ever feel spoiled sitting at my desk @ work but darnit if this smoked chickenrice and red bull all given from my love doesnt do it
 walked into the dispensary told them my symptoms n im now waiting for weed thatll make me feel better 
 bonk ass smoke 
 @apthomas i dunno  does it have machine learning a subscription weed ordering angle
 my dad when i answer the phone me hey dad whats up dad hey do you smoke pot  okay
 i quit by forcing myself to smoke an entire pack of awful carlton ultralites. aversion therapy. never wanted anoth 
 lmao my mom was like i heard you smoke weed... uhhh
 @itakha2015 yup bourbon and smoked pineapple
 @erwincassidy i smoked away prolly 16k last year for fun with my boys but im broke
 i cant wait for @acheapbagofrice to visit cali one day so we can smoke on the beach
 when you only smoke mids 
 i couldnt care less if people smoked weed or drank  just dont put it on your snapchat story for the sole purpose of boasting about it.
 lets stay up late and smoke thaaaat j
 we used to smoke  
 @adamhocking @mudhenfootball pay more for what exactly certainly this has helped weed out some of the badincompetent teachers
 this weed been sitting on the dresser forever
 @gregzyhowski it was a smokescreen for shitty hillarys embarrassment of a loss amp investigations amp dnc fraud in the primaries.
 i smoke a whole lotta weed
 just learned that my dad grows weed  mind blown
 i be tryna smoke the pain away amp hope for better days
 my mom keeps laughing at weed jokes we get it mom you smoke weed
 no you want a weed no thank you maam im already gay
 @jimpryor holly smokes  long time
 omg wait. wasnt the kid who used to play nemo also the kid from weeds i cant remember his name
 my mom husband always coughing up a lung in the garage. like my guy   i would think you been smoking weed for so long ya lungs would hold
 everyone safe at house fire on daniel st erin...mostly smoke damage..no cause yet 
 my weed man moved away
 i see why i smoke now cause life is a bunch bullshit
 got that 2 smoker fired up finally just gotta work out some bugs and shes golden my baby is gettin inda shop next  banshee350 yfz450
 when you have a migraine from cigarette smoke and your mom keeps walking up and trying to talk to you while holding a cigarette 
 nanny just said smoking a weed
 i used to smoke to get high  now i smoke to stay sane
 @cocainemom the look im gay and i smoke crack
 we can waste night away with old film smoke little weed in the back room high away
 today is a great day bc i found out that the gas station i always go to  sells raw hemp papers
 driving down the freeway in la all you smell is weed 
 driving thru manteca and there was a guy walking down the sidewalk w a sign and from far away i didnt think that it would read need weed
 ninjas like my swag they know my smoke
 just ready for the weekend so i can smoke my problems away 
 will trade art for weed
 just bc i smoke doesnt means im high 247. 
 rode hard and put away without removing 28 years of smokey eye. 
 im in houston where the weed not allat 
 l.a. county voted overwhelmingly in favor of legalizing cannabis. now we implement the will of the people. 
 hurt my neck an my mom goes idk if you want it but i got some medical marijuana that might help the pain hellz ya i do go grab the dutches
 its going to be reeeealll interesting not being able to smoke due to this new job. stay on my good side or stay the fuck away from me.
 @im2byteme you can look up more. smoke amp mirrors of liberal nuts deflecting conservatives away from who devos really is. jebush now happy.
 just smoke till the pain is gone.
 bret smoked pot in the bathroom  then tried to blame it on me amp my mom just laughed in his face. bro u dumb.
 waiting to smoke.  amp waiting to eat.
 apparently my moms been hoarding my inhalers cause she thinks i smoke weed from them
 im so used to having smokes sessions with friends that when my mom and my aunt were passing the blunt to eachother i was expecting a turn
 amp baam theres that bag of weed i lost 
 need me a girl to smoke the days away with.
 well.. my adderrall  weed  and bottle of ciroc are all missing from my room. i live with my dad and only my dad... 
 your mcm told all his friend they could kill if they smoke you up.. be safe tho
  lol havent seen you in forever  youre funny af amp we should smoke one day  cause i didnt then 
 at the smoke house aka the bar that was in la la land all we need is ryan gosling on the piano  
 @adcouncil youre trying to tell me that smokey owns a hat with his name on it  a belt buckle with his name on it  but no shirt
 does anyone recognize this place its the bar in la la land. @ the smoke house restaurant 
 so last night i couldnt stand the pain in my leg and i put some alcohol with weed on it and the pain went away
 when you find out your sister smokes weed already  shes five... 
 my smoke detector went off while i was making a salad... hows your tuesday going
 i asked my mom what this was and she said peas... marijuana 
 sister mom  grandma is going to smoke pot with me.                          grandma ya were going to light up
 @jessicamelon okay twitter who do you think would win in a smoke off @noellemmm
 lmao and weed  
 fuck bro i lost my weed. im going to bed.
 no ordinary cup of joe | company creates cannabis coffee pods in las vegas 
 i just watched a video of a guy who used a slice of pizza to smoke a bowl 
 @charliekirk11 @tomilahren idiot got smoked 
 @maxinewaters get off the weed russia invaded korea you had it right with cia amp crack  what happened come on maxine
 what my mom tells me one day you will hide weed in your boobs 
 @nitotv man  i go outside for a smoke in a tshirt when uts single digits here sometimes.
 i really wanna take a trip to get my thoughts together amp smoke my stress away with good sex involved.
 @darthalexander9 you would too when you know your smokes are half price and you cant get fired
 libs color amp retwist @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 @mtblair @franklinleonard @nytimes high enough to make it the biggest and best black smoke fire anyone has ever seen.   it will be huge
 they said we couldnt smoke in this bitch but we fucked around and still rolled up
 my dad was smoking some dusty ass daddy weed
 im not normal till i smoke i swear 
 to translate  your tax dollars were excessively spent just so someone couldnt smoke a plant. endthedrugwar 
 you know smoke follows beauty baby. 
 my brother just told me he wants to smoke weed now 
 letting him smoke weed and taking him to the strip club 
 slippin on this drank wont ease my painnnn but i wish it wouldsmokin all this weed dont my me sane but it should in a world that down amp out
 yoo told your mcm you were stressed and he told you go smoke.
 the amount of weed i find under my bed is ridiculous.
 my boyfriend be burning my eyes smoking all this damn weed
 in la and im weedless
 im gonna cut way tf down on smoking. i smoked way too much tonight and felt borderline braindead amp anxious. not fun
 @davewellwisher paleaseeee  you liberals are getting more phycodic every day  we are waiting for u to start shooting bc well smoke your ass
 i feel like im breathing pot smoke lol okay shawna
 guat is less than a month away holy smokes am i nervous and excited
 @cosmiccoolkid  well  that can happen.  sorry it smells bad.  i  personally  think it smells great but hate to smoke it.  yuk
 @sarekins @bipolarlioness @nytimes theyre nt christians  not a 1 in the bunch thats a smoke screen they hide behi 
 apparently after my surgery the nurse said wow you woke up fast amp i decided ya i smoke a lot of weed was the right response 
 thanks to marijuanas decriminalization  professionals from teachers to tv execs are lighting up 
 if your stressed smoke some weed its leagle in california
 i smoke a lotta gas   drink a lotta syrup
 you tell me hit this and lets go  blow the smoke right through the window  coz this is all we 
 my mom always tries to get me to smoke with her  
 if you smoke anything besides silver games you not a g
 random thought... why did i think it was so cool to tell people when i smoked weed back on the day i really did think i was too coool lol
 i might run in this rain to the store 6 blocks away just to get a damn swisher and smoke my head off
 i really have to smoke to ease my pain 
 the streets fucked up man this shit a dirty game  smoke smoke  drank drank just to ease the pain
 woke up to the smell of weed 
 how is someone in the medical field but smokes cigarettes lol
 bet i get my dad to smoke with me lmaooo 
 nothing but smoke bbk @ atlanta  georgia 
 he said yo weed is boo amp you smoke.... swisha.... sweets
 i had a dream that i found a huge bag of weed   i woke up sweating and pissed off that it wasnt real
 my partner and i finally had the weed talk lmfao
 me and sheeree both smoke  me amp tee both mean amp goofy asl 
 my bitch come from cuba  the weed from cali but my plug mexicano
 met ah baddy frm da bay smoke nd fuk all day but she kant kall meh bae
 tryna smoke wit me wit a swishers betta send it back chippass voice got this kk for my 
 told myself i wasnt gonna smoke today but the way my day is starting 
 yup  smoke smell woke me up....thankfully not my apartment building 
 he had his left arm around the mans throat holy smokes they were some other call i would debate b4 that one 
 wasnt gone smoke today but today a good ass day 2 get high
 my favorite part of the new noisey atlanta is when lil yachty says he doesnt smoke weed because its too expensive
 i need to find out if this nigga smokes so i have an excuse to invite him over.
 todays mandatory church chapel topic what does the bible say about marijuana 
 @code3spices ribs ready for the smoker. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app 
 fisk in the smoker. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app stores  or at 
 if smoking weed offends you  1. im sorry.  2. it wont happen again.  3. 1 amp 2 are lies.  4. youre a pussy.
 i cannot express to you the amount of frustration it causes me when my parents call weed pot.
 we should legalize weed because it would help with malnutrition  hayden edmondson  presidential candidate 2036
 my grinder fell out my purse ampbubbs grabs it and says mom here the thing for ya smoke 
 if i smoke w my mom  nothing would happen...shed be her same crazy ass self 
 @lilemailtrapper weed still gon be fire gay  straight  bi
 i smoke a blunt everyday to take the pain away.
 has to be the picnic scene from smokey and the bandit 3. electric film. 
 he said he told her there was weed in it though. 
 i smoke uh whole lotta weed 
 still think marijuana is harmless @ ulta beauty 
 @domenicajansen ridiculous that conversation was but  anyway cannabis is safe amp who gives a shit if denis smoked it right..that chic is crzy
 my mom funny for not telling me to smoke in the house lmao
 one lil dude told me houston have all the good weed he glad to give me his money  was so dead man like
 jeffsessions gt kkk was okay until i found out they smoked pot 3141986
 wait how you blac out from a weed brownie anyway lmfaooo
 do not smoke cali weed
 i am the matcha equivalent of a cannabis enthusiast  
 @meghannbearr honestly  hes lowkey calling me thicc. or maybe he is recommending the ganja
 my little brother is pulling weeds out of the yard and he looks at me and says this that good koosh. that grandaddy purple 
 bin laden... was a badass. bin laden... was a man who smokes his grass.
 @patkessler odd that he opposes sunday sales but wants to legalize weed.
 im telling my mom to smoke weed cause shes always complaining about her back and feet and her friends are supporting me 
 today i told austin my hair looks like dead weeds
 betta get you some brews and some smoke 
 msnbc mtp @chucktodd needs go back to counting beans he has destroyed and overexposed mtp brand lives in weeds royal pipsqueak
 @oceanwise hay smoked bass on puffed bannock from @miijidaa at feaston @edco1edco reception 
 @runyon16 kid im sick  to which he replies  just a helpful tip for an everyday man. make sure you dont smoke or your lungs will collapse
 @marttyymar @domo3k oh you definitely dont want no smoke over here cuzzz
 @braincandypod listing to @susiemeister and @imsarahrice  talk about the weed candy and i had the same thing  happen. i was so paranoid.
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 who has weed in long beach  preferably closer 2 ocean drive 
 the marijuana group is burning
 today mr hendricks told me to stop acting like a smoked sausage....idek what i was doing....
 its ironic to me that most of the students in my dental class smoke cigarettes.
 stfu silent discohosted by mutedfeb 17ivycity smokehousemusic by joe cat daddy  @djnitecrawler amp smoke 
 jojo blows the roof off with booming smokey robinson tribute  @popcrush @realbraylove
 jojo blows the roof off with booming smokey robinson tribute  @popcrush @realbraylove
 harrison mcintosh and james lovera for weedpot wednesday. 
 update my oven is not on fire  my step dad just forgot to clean it so now there is smoke floating around my house the100
 if trump starts a war  im going getting an emergency weed kit from somewhere. 
 i smoke to ease the pain 
 first my sister gets to go to a weed store in colorado now shes in cali at the beach. ive never even been to a god damn beach
 when you remember your cousin is the weed man  but he stay all the way in richmond .
 @calebdaed so guys in my class invite me to drink brews later and smoke cali weed. what do
 @realdonaldtrump we all expected this because of the amount of caruption in it god will weed them out
 dont buy any weed in painesville guys... though i woulda told you that had i not even seen this 
 @princessalora alora remember when we tried to get some weed brownies from clay and you thought it was only a 1
 the guy who said i used to think the kkk were good people  until i found out some of them smoke marijuana is our 
 ha i like that gtgt lost ball in high weeds inners
 @ericavaloss i was driving and i was like i got this joint i wanna smoke and i lit it and he was coolin
 @dicknixon @radiofreetom how many states have legalized weed a sanctuary cities battle will be a piece of cake vs. taking away dubes.
 @drcmgreer on @allinwithchris we have an atty genl amp a congress that refuses 2 tell this man hes wrong. hes a lost ball in high weeds.
 i was just thinking to myself   i think im gna try and not smoke till friday .. like biiiihhh thats only 2 days away 
 i think i just ratted my brother out for offering me weed to my mom by accident omfg
 @tedcruz  party of the kkk  you just voted for the guy who liked the kkk  until he found out they smoke weed.  you are such a tool.
 ever since i smoked with my brother he wont start hitting me up to smoke him out  and hes taken 2 joints from me
 dad explaining marijuana to sister weed is like a type of crabgrass
 theres this weed syrup i wanna try so bad so i think i might order a bunch
 all niggas do is cheat on they bitch amp smoke  stay tf away 
 i was just doing this chat roulette style app with my mom and we ended up debating with this dude in denmark over whos got better weed
 hed never had west coast weed and ive never had denmark weed but we all felt strongly about our homegrown weed
 my mom just said that when she gets cremated that the person whos cremations her will get high asf cause shes made of 50 weed
 the old me woulda said lemme smoke this stress away  but its 2017 new year new me.
 @burrennaxo weeds  how to get away with murder  bates motel  the 100
 atleast he found somebody to smoke his life away with 
 doctor told me i cant smoke for 710 days
 said i was going to sleep but im up about to smoke smh lol
 i was having a pretty deep convo about weed with johnny earlier lmfao 
 i am interested to see what the weed is like out there
 @thomas1774paine @evelynizme @senwarren must be that wacky weed
 i was jst being a cunt. @fckinmari  sorry marijuana. you.
 maaan taylor allderdice definitely was the mixtape that solidified me to try weed. smh just all the songs on there are stoner sound.
 they dont care if you smoke outside the train station @lapdchiefbeck
 smoking weed really only fun to me when i listen to music. thats about it
 ouch vegas. strikers. weed. trouble
 overwhelmingly approved wisconsin senate passes marijuana extract bill 
 wish i had a cuddy buddy to smoke n cruise w after these 12s 
 its snowing here  im not going to see the smoke signals of what she said. 
 i want my old school weed  and not what they got here killing me
 @fact @triqu3tra lol but money can buy the weed he smoked motivationalquotes la la land
 smoking weed dodging feds cause my head hard  speaker knockers
 that happened in the town im staying in  2 nights ago  so this is why i couldnt find any weed 
 free tips 4 vegas lounges try the rolling smoke at the montecristo bar inside @caesarspalace 
 who got the weed in dc 
 excuse me while i smoke this blunt in private 
 dude on jerry springer just said  mane boo it wont me the weed made me do it she called needed some so we turnt up bc she burnt his bear
 wakeup amp smoke all the pain away..
 being in atl made me want to smoke  i was so stressed amp unhappy. now im away  i havent felt any urge to just smoke weed every chance i get
 @phillydailynews @phillydotcom why would u report the guy was high on marijuana when he wasnt  assholes.
 i smoke a lotta weed  drank a lotta syrup.
 @cannabisbiznews free ebook a marijuana mystery set in mendocino. 
 i woke up and had a morning smoke and was immediately attacked by a stray dog i think this is a sign
 i hope the weed man doesnt think hes off today
 @dankpost @every1lovesmary that would be such the schiznet to go to a store right now amp buy sooni believe    cannabiswellness
 having a cute ass friend just to smoke and talk about shit with  havent found anyone in nashville 
 dad i dont like that you tan  me i dont like that you smoke..  dad touch 
 how do you just casually smoke a stogie on the walk to class
 @persianpastry smoke the pain away 
  trump is a complete screw up. everything he touches ends up in smoke.
 day off whose tryna smoke up  
 @michaelsuddard @octranspo where theres smoke theres. a mechanical issue and certainly not fire
 told my mom the day i stop smoking weed is the day she stops drinking soda.. lets see if shes up for the challenge
 the professional smoker. 
 @latazhia @baddieboox3 i would send her 350000 she would buy 330000 worth of smoke  mean while my don has a fked up leg because of it
 my aunt texted my sister the other day like anasja is smoking too much weed 
 im about to smoke some bowls with the uber i told u guys about yesterday omg
 remember when we used to smoke smarties
 somebody magically appear on my doorstep with weed please thanks
 i wish i was 21... i wouldve been smoking weed d.c
 getting lost in the smoke
 i had a dream i was stayin @ my grandpas and i was smoking when he walked in the room and he said not to stop bc of him and he smoked w me
 @p1nkkky @livpesci i was all for two blunts before class  i smoke on the way to school most days
 meanwhilebackattheranch egg north carolina still has no access and no equal opportunity to cannabis 
 bought weed from my dads friend the other day  what a we
 @dayvboy2g @gemcitysquadron itll be ok guys. just start saving for road trips and smoke. its going to be a long s 
 the valentine gathering is at the ivy city smokehouse  1356 okie st.  ne  washington  dc 
 my housemates  a boyfriend r eating weedbrownies amp theyre being rlly obnoxious abt it
 last day at champs trade show las vegas. retailers and headshops stop by and say high weedwipes is the fastest gr 
 and i just passed a van with two old ladies smoking in the front while their bird is trapped in the back catching second hand smoke
 if you go 3 days without taking a shower you start to smell like weed
 just told my dad i smoked weed  daily...
 if i move out cali... whos hiring me at their weed store  serious quetion
 i need to get up and smoke some weed. having the flu for few days isnt fun 
 i guess i have to be the one to tell my mom that everyone in the house smokes 
 i need to smokeeeee
 come over baby im just burning marijuana till the third degree.
 nationalpizzaday  an excuse for a smoke break 
 atlanta weed bad cause its atlanta thats it 
 23 smoke out burrowing prey like squirrels and prairiedogs. the coyote and badger play to their strengths
 @governorwolfpa chronic pain patients need medical cannabis now we cant afford to wait its about pain not money
 if i dont smokedrink before cozy im gunna be soooooooo reserved.
 when the weed man takes 5000kabillion minutes to get back to you canyounot 
 @governorwolfpa chronic pain patients need medical marijuana now we cant wait drs are taking medication away from us amp now we suffer  die
 libertarians are just conservatives who like weed
 holy smokes  that was a lot of info from @outsmarts members will get the slide deck in our private facebook group. ewnvan ewomennetwork
 @domiflasz ya bc im still waiting for smoke and shakes 
 my grandma told me i couldnt drive her car cause i smoke weed lmao
 aine used to smoke but so my shit i was going thru with my fam and self it was the only thing that can calm me down
 literally smoke problems and stress away lol
 @maffewgregg austin 420 says i just smoked this blunt
 @sophiedusoleil haha she was like i need to smoke a hold on.. i remember seein it on the stream
 the weed help me think betta  it put me in a vibe 
 when allison used to smoke with us she would always eat the same exact cereal it was like a tradition
 its hard to get a man these days who isnt a trapper doesnt smoke weed   has a legal job  faithful   and family oriented
 head ass. my mom would be like why  so you can get some weed   
 just told my parents i smoke weed  i think it went pretty well 
 ma niqqa yo bitch swooped me in your car once when you was at work. we smoked in yo little mazi lol good times.... 
 today i got some good news. the convenience store across the street started carrying long burning hemp paper. no mo 
 well  apparently @danmoritz23 and i are going to see @brantleygilbert and get smoked tonight. 
 my dad vs. weed  
 so i smoked before i took my roommate to the doctor and i fell asleep in the waiting room and i woke up so confused
 that weed was trash af
 friendly reminder that arizona smol beans robbins smokes when shes scared shes gonna get in trouble bc authority relatable
 julia just give mag some weed  we know sara has some. dinnertimeconversations copposdealingwithgrief
 mom sara  do you get weed dinnertimeconversations
 my dad found out i smoke weed and hes super chill about it
 going to smoke some weed and do yoga on the beach
 raining day late afternoon smoke berrypunny to through my thursday  1944ocean 1944fam sfocean710 
 new topshotz a flavorless culinary cannabis mixer to be sprinkled over any food. single 10mg or 10 pack. awesome 
 summer pls come so i can smoke a blunt at the rocks amp hear the water soothe my pain away ugh
 bald nigga got smoked out by his dad lmao 
 @makingstarwars compost smoker.
 that bradds guy has a smokeshow for a girlfriend. good for him man.
 im lowkey nervous to smoke bc i havent in a minute 
 sooo... jojo. yeen wasnt in my crib beggin for weed on yo knees and now talkin down on me bet touch down in my yard im in apopka 
 how my eyes would get when i would smoke lol 
 tim weed  author of the forthcoming story collection a field guide to murder amp fly fishing  
 this happened to me before  i hid weed from myself  couldnt find it anywhere days later it was in my roommates moms bible case
 damn la 61... smoked bos 52 smoked
 an hour of cardio can be boring yes  but not w my new found pleasure of @joerogan podcasts  i started with 911 and holy smokes
 im just waiting for the weed man now lol 
 @lakingsfanner @elway4ever yup eyes watering from so much smoke 
 also may i add  smoked a cig in the store amp i kinda just sat back and let it happen bc im not trying to get stabbed over cookies u feel me
 butch henderson smokes marlboro reds
 im a lucky motherfucker said my dad after he found a bag of weed in guitar center
 the amount of weed ive been offered so far is ridiculous.
 i smoke cigetettes like im going to electric chairvinny
 this was great especially participating with dfw norml and learning more about marijuana and 
 drink drink  smoke smoke  just to ease the pain 
 @igobyshiley @jordanchariton nope. joy won. smoked his ass good.
 @asktsa can i travel with topical cannabis  it is solid rubon for pain mgt
 @berenicebabe i think its so funny. and the dad on it smokes ampa heads funny and idk i like it i laugh lmaooo
 @yridea haha its crazy  billboards for weedmaps app
 who has good weed in ne d.c
 @reboot2365 than i can count and almost always transitioned to weed for relief while tapering. sober for years but surgery recently. ugh.
 the one where ross reveals to his parents that he was the one who smoked pot and not chandler 
 i dont smoke blunts once they look the tip of my pinky . i h8 burning my fingers 
 my mom wont even go in a weed store 
 this why i fw malcolm lol i came and told all my issues to this nigga and we just paused...started laughing and smoked a blunt 
 what is this about cannabis infused beer my dad started that trend goodbye
 disrespect king la  you get smoked in the same day.
 bernie would have gotten smoked. his skeletons are horrifying. 
 nadja uber driver told her when he smoked pot he knew he was gay lmao
 debating hard rn if i should smoke before work or not 
 my dad just invested 1000 in marijuana stocks thefuture
 my parents left for the ranch.... would it be too risky to smoke a blunt in the bath tub........ 
 more weed less problems
 when i was comin up rough that wasnt even what you called it  thats why i smoke blunts nooow and run with alcoholics
 i was just about to wake up and smoke this blunt but something told me not to amp that was a sign from god cause i got a drug test tomorrow 
 going to do another giveaway soon weed stash zipper pouch sponsored by reason clothing stay tuned for details  
 going to do another giveaway soon weed stash zipper pouch sponsored by reason clothing stay tuned for details  
 i smoke bomb weed tweet a palm tree
 un islamic bai pukhto murder by a coward  of a weaker helpless human. a monster menace of our society needed to be curbed and weeded out
 i woke up so a whole bunch of smoke and went back to sleep
 when you just had the worst day of your life and you tryna smoke the stress away 
 @bbrawpnpbottom yes awesome play room  you fun zone to pnp smoke and slam there   hot
 people passing faster than im pasting weed
 as long as pot sasquatch is only covered in 1 oz. of marijuana  it should have no problem with police in mass. 
 conjuring up some dragons breath today  a.k.a. co2 subliming in naoh because science is always more fun with smoke 
 why was i singing in class and my chinese teacher was like you get some weed yesterday mr. yan stay comin at me 
 the only way to weed out the bad ones is to be yourself and see who stays
 fulla purple smoke coolin
 frosh hemphill and brown wasting no time making presence felt. 
 dont take any advice. just smoke your problems away. 
 my dad doesnt understand how marijuana works
 i definitely thought they meant edible...like weed lol  
 my cousin came to cali to visit  i already smoked him out and took him hiking and to bdubs. any recommendations of where i should take him
 my doctor told me i wasnt depressed enough for a prescription for weed   me 
 @coldtofu smoke me out  bae
 @cpunerdinca oh im not positive yet. i had an idea how to lay it out and convey the perfect cannabis event but i always like to crowdsource
 @tampafirerescue is there a fire in west tampa somewhere you can seesmell the smoke all around the stadium area.
 @doranimated the first thing that popped into my mind was coming soon to a theater near you  smokey and the bandit the next generation
 i cant buy weed and i lost  one dress shoe. not only find the shoe  but next too a bag with weed for a day. alien wish portal praiseb
 woke up and decided to turn into a marijuana plant today
 i lost the weed  i gotta think like weed  if i was weed where would i be  then the nigga came back 30 seconds later and found it
 i know this is a smoking bar. but i regret giving my mom amp sister persmission to smoke at the table. 
 @fastfm as a heavy smoker she was told it was likely cancer. so i sat there amp hugged her while she shook  sobbed amp swore of cigs forever.
 @dpez48532 you going smoke 
 did you know any dc residents can request a free smoke detector by calling 311@311dcgov @dcfireems will even com 
 im at dr. green relief las vegas marijuana doctors in las vegas  nv 
 instead of being upset that my mom wasnt ready to pick me up at the bus station  i smoked some weed and got starbu 
 @sensanders your not going to win this one bernie its going to happen go smoke a bowl and grab some pringles for the munchies
 this is why i smoke before i hit the field  
 @atrout920 @khemionagora   i believe  if my mom  dad  sister nancy  had all used weed  they would all be alive today
 when ri legalized weed they should call all of the dispensaries dank ri like bank ri hahahahahahhahaha right
 day 1 of not smoking weed. lets see how long this last.
 @mirasorvino meet my weed guy in sheepshead bay was i outta my frickin head  q train  my bird butt....
 @riela2 senator bob corker of tennessee is looking for new phones. we smoked his at 202 224 3344 for days 
 had to try out creeds weed 
 miss my weed smoking days...didnt quit or anything. just too broke to buy it 
 when u dont know if u should smoke now or later  bc u have a huge day of smoking to look forward to...
 when my cunt older sister tells me that anyone would agree smoking weed three times a week is already too much....
 for all my smokers.... thank me later  
 montel williams debuting own brand of medical marijuana 
 they aint know i smoked they was like shae you smoke and was shocked 
 nothing beats cali weed
 kris jenner and her mom are medical marijuana gummy bears and they are frieeeddddd  im weak af
 she was just smoking wit me the other day too and she voted for it to b legalized cause she said when she smoked her thumb felt better.
 @thehill @betsydevos this is about subsidizing religious schools to the detriment of pub schools under a smoke screen of helping ppl. shame
 dan  debating between a car wash and a pack of smokes wakeytabacky store here we come.
 im not even off work yet  and im already debating wether i should smoke this blunt before going out or nah.
 i told the cia that i smoked reefer and they rescinded their job offer even though i didnt even inhale  dad
 i liked a @youtube video from @smokeydogg777  the smokeydogg show 021017
 if i was doing bad would you smoke a blunt with me
 @claytravis @twitter @darrenrovell id definitely pay something and weed out a lot chaff.
 @johnpvm @joks2b @halayxxx @cuddeh pull up to the texas roadhouse if u want smoke in real life pussy
 someone just told me  you smoke too much  and 
 i just said to lilly a day without weed is a day wasted n now shes judging me hahaha
 oh so my parents know i smoke weed bc my bitchass oldest sister wanted to get brownie points amp snitched on me amp my other sister. shady af
 i told this boi dondadopeman you look for trouble you get smoked 
 man a smoke sesh for tomorrow will be perfect
 my mom told be about her college days when she used to smoke weed. i love her so much.
 my mom gave me some trash weed today didnt even get me stoned
 people  passing faster than im passing weed
 i miss when i used to be able to say smoke a blunt and chill felonlife
 mexicans are bringing weed into america. wait . . . 
 some kid that used to sell me weeds mom was venting to me about how she thinks her son smokes weed lmfao
 i wish i had unlimited amount of weed
 i like weed mre than peple otmmazerati  yung frehruary @ houston  texas 
 my last name is a verb my first name is 2 we will smoke some herb our bond is what grew it took me some time this nerve its avionic bird flu
 a nihga tryna live comfortable tryna smoke blunts with you
 but at the same mature if they did smoke weed
 tw weed  shmood 
 so what we get drunk. so what we smoke weed. were just havin fun. we dont care who sees.
 great time at dan and shay @ joes on weed st. 
 never tip your hand. always smoke and mirrors. better that way.
 all me and my boyfriend do is stay in all night  smoke fat asf  pour up and watch movies dont even tell me thats not perfect
 @alwaysactions ok....time for nyc to go to....fckin idiots...more crime....more corruption...mayor dick weed needs to go...weve lost our cty
 im done here  just gana smoke my night away as usual. 
 @zammnma bruh everyone and i mean everyone was off the white it was like smoking weed today but way worse
 so tomorrows update physical @8  mom yelling at me @801 bc she gon be on some brand new shit and act like she never knew that i smoke so
 i miss my smokey
 if you as a chick smoke cigs  im not interested
 people passing faster then passing weed .. 
 im going to smoke
 itmaybehardtobelievebut alcohol kills. weed thrills
 no thanks cannabiscorner ....im on the other side of what you support  drop your troll line elsewhere
 @cannabisbiznews @diversified420 @ibtimes i smoke more than all of man. woman. and fire combined
 @mbta theres a burning smell on the platform at central  smokey as well.
 and we dont smoke weed 247 okay just because you heard i was doing it.
 the amount of time we talk about weed at work is staggering.
 im going to start making it a rule that you have to dab before you can get in my house. im trying to weed out these weaklings.
 ibe gone till november cup fulla drank smoke blowin out the window @frenchmontana
 if they dont text back eat some fruit or smoke a bowl  its not worth exhaustion fam it aint that serious 
 i rlly be high af now that i dnt smoke everyday lmao 
 only my mom would wake me up with smoke detectors going off because she used a fog machine to try and scare me 
 my dad just told me some guy reeks of weed and i told him hes living the dream
 when the holy spirit wants to produce fruit inside you but you dont weed out your sinful nature 
 i aint smoke all day so if i see one more picture of someone hitting the blunt ima report they ass
 oh indeed. bae know all i need is lemonade and weed. 
 if youre a magician you are automatically a smoke show to me
 imneverlonelywhen im rollin smoke in the neighborhood. 
 when i was a kid  dad used to circle up 2 long garden hoses over part of the lawn for my brother amp i to weed each summer day.   @gantwick
 @aliamjadrizvi if you are a libertarian to me  that is simply a republican willing to extend poverty wages to gays and pot smokers.
 excuse while i smoke this blunt in private
 @debbybrown17 @flabornflaraise i think my hubby wants to lock me away i am complaining about my chair way too much lol. poor smokey tips it
 i want a  bae  who smokes 
 @jeffborzello can you explain wisconsin over purdue 2 top 50 wins vs. 5  purdue smoked them h2h  wisconsin hasnt beaten ranked oppnt.
 take a long drive smoke and think
 lol smoke your problems away 
 when ur local smoke shop messages you on facebook to drive safe after you leave in the snow.. lmao thanks
 my mom found a 3 year old bag of weed at our old house and my lighter with pope francis on it lmao
 having a smoked daffy dog at @botskyslc before i high tail it out of here back to houston. always a good time in la 
 me running inside the house after trimming   i got weed in my eye  my dad i bet not many parents hear that very often
 wasnt going to smoke for my moms bday dinner but my family is pissing me the fuck off already go back to ny man.
 my mom took all my weed then told me to leave so she could smoke it.... she said she got me wednesday..... im tight
 mom finds lighter in my jacket pocket mom whats this for me weed mom 
 whos trying to smoke a blunt on the north end  stadium and watch me dig through think for tonight
 i finally told the kid on sc that doesnt know how to hit a blunt to inhale that shit. his excuse i had already smoked a lot before this
 impatiently waiting for the weed man to return home 
 i swear its like i smoke the pain away alot lately 
 im down to smoke and go to the city on some fun shit
 im at lone butte smoke shop in chandler  az 
 @oxyoxspring smokey bacon pig smothered with cough inducing gases produced by burning shit with fire
 i need marijuana. can someone please help a sister out in austin. like soon.
 i just smoke my weed amp stay out the way
 time to smoke a fatty and vibe with @djhercules15 on @99jamz. while i work yasssss
 my dad said he rather me wait till after high school to smoke weed... should i tell him the truth or just wait 
 bouta smoke this gassss amp walk around my neighborhood 
 my dad said he rather me wait till after high school to smoke weed... should i tell him the truth or just wait 
 now i can smoke weed in la again 
 i always go from having no one to smoke with to 50 billion people hitting me up at once
 @patridgedev youd think alerts would be easy and important  just glad i didnt get the smoke detectors
 bullis boys smoke the nyrrmillrosegames field for a new 4x2 us 1 time of 127.17 
 hangin on a sat. night  smoked maple old fashionedknobcreek 
 smoking weed  dodging feds cuz my head hard
 when you so stressed out and emotional so you just bouta smoke and drink your night away 
 do you know what hennessy is mom yeah its a type of weed
 mom just told me she doesnt care if i smoke weed  lesssgo
 huge turnout for the smokelong event @ the pub amp the people 
 about to smoke then debate on how i feel about going to work
 @yungmermaid long lost pops. me in 35 yeas. spitting motivational raps about why weeds good and not fucking people up because of weed. idol
 what are you smokin on 420 round these parts. @tahoecannabis  @702vcm @ vegas cannabis 
 my pain management doctor just told me to smoke weed.. my mom said i dont care  just not in my house 
 @rickynunez14 for real  i always smoke you out  its okay tho  ur my brother 
 glad those weed gummies were child proof.. and also mischievous grandfather proof.......... he goes i know the leaf  kate
 atlanta weed so trash i brought my own with me 
 this weeds waiting for you 
 @notoriousjoshie warriors have smoked the thunder both times so far. media trying to make this a rivalry its not.
 @vp @potus dont let him screw with legal marijuana weve worked too hard for too long to prove it is not only harmless  but helpful.
 i miss smoking weed.
 discussing weed and four lokos with my thirteen year old cousin.... how is everyone elses saturday going
 no one knows how to have fun without alcohol and weed cuz that would be just childish and immature
 youre a wildflower amongst a bunch of weeds.
 i couldnt date a woman if she didnt cook or roll my weed... in that order
 one time i was smoke boxin with three kids who i didnt really know well and woke up and they were gone and nothing was stolen it was great
 4 after his arrest  police discovered he was not involved in dc carjacking.... but had weed in his car. now 
 4 after his arrest  police discovered he was not involved in dc carjacking.... but had weed in his car. now 
 people with marijuana in their system do not impose a significant risk to other drivers or pedestrians are not significantly impaired
 when you think all is lost you get that magic phone call. you have been waiting for since your medical marijuana card expired
 when the lyft driver smokes u out gtgt
 this used to be me when i was smokey smoke.   
 so im chilling in my room rolling up amp my mom gone come in here amp say all you wanna do is smoke youre acting like a crack head  bitch 
  the exact same thing happened to me. holy smokes  batman  that totally harshed my mellow. 
 everyone going out making plans and all i wanna do is smoke 
 i had someone tell me today that i smoke to much weed for being a mother. how judging is that 
 the valentine gathering is at the ivy city smokehouse  1356 okie st.  ne  washington  dc 
 long live the king of weed  r.i.p @tommychong
 1st stop on the trip.   weed dispenser  420 lit cali legalweed  
 i wish i smoked i need to ease my mind
 what was the largest amount of weed did you find on someone asksticks
 lol...booming meaning 510 bio majors researching good weed  .  thats my point...legalization is good but qui 
 my dad and my step mom are arguing cause i smell like weed lmao
 sitting in the tub  self love  eating food  sleeping  smoking weed  writing  acting  loving...summarizemylife
 when you miss a smoke session cause you was sleep so your cousin leaves you a blunt 
 im going to be alone on valentines day in my bed all day and im probably going to smoke about 26 bowls @thugnashty
 @philthymcnasty8 @het32000 thats okay  i dont smoke.
 @thastonernation somewhere in arizona a neonazi walking to get weed like 
 wussup craig   wussup smokeey  nwfriday
 i smoked my dads birthday blunt and i can tell he was pretty bummed about it
 i had a great day fulla music amp lotta dope smoke 4surely 
 oppharma medicalmarijuana chronicpain strain samoancookies  going to smoke my medicine  
 lost some weed tonight 
 buy your smoke amp call you bae.  
 literally debating going down to my car just to get my weed
 now i will smoke my pain away .
 im going to be awake as long as this weed
 so today me daniel and yasari went to lookout smoked and drank there then went to long beach to do the same thing but it was so different 
 definitely rather smoke then drink
 i miss tye dye and hemp
 christians have no problem about forcing synthetic poisons like thorazine against anothers will while demonizing the cannabis antidote
 avail facebookcustomersupport number 18777296626 to weed out your problems 
 so you can get drunk  smoke  fuck  and twerk and its ok bc u repent..but you cant accept your gay child bc of ur 
 my mom been with my dad since she was 17 and she said she never smoked weed with him 
 do you think its ok to smoke copious amounts of marijuana its...
 hoooly smokes. somebody dropped him out of the rafters.   i think thats what forte was going to check out. 
 niggas said we couldnt smoke in the club last nigh im like nah man lmao
 smh hung out with my friends yesterday and all they did was smoke  eat and go home  this is why i stopped its an easy waste of time
 i hang with zoes who smoke choppas an shoot choppas operate on a nigga like a doctor 
 nothing like a steaming shower to wash away the cigarette smoke and sins from damons last night. 
 rainy days are better with barbecue.  photo 78yahooo @ blue smoke 
 y is weed in cali so goid
 the nearest smoke shop is 41 mins away 
 yup had to wake up to see my homie smoked all my cigs while i was sleeping when he has a bag of tabaccoo and tubs smh
 im still mr smoke a lotta pot
 @chandrusweb @barbarindian this is that weed jaiitaly just messing around. he let marans amp vadra free. evil pos. but modi doesnt flush him.
 red told me he smoked a foo. 50 lol 
 eddie making a fans day. hes a vlogger that talks about music and weed and is a huge 
 not that i was gonna smoke or anything rn  but i just noticed i lost a whole 8th. 
 @openconfession funny how each time you was supposed to come over since nye i had weed just ready and waiting.
 when i touch down in the bay who tryna smoke wit the kid
 about to smoke my whole day away  fuck it .
 the amount of marijuana that has entered my body this weekend is insane. i lost track.
 @catzcaroline hawhaaa did you say hemp plastic its true hemp cellulose produces a more ecofriendly version of plastic ...
 birds on the smoker @ strollos grotto 
 im so annoyed i just lost some weed 
 if you smoke like i do youll appreciate  smoke out check it out soundcloud losangeles hiphop music la 
 i hate how people outside of california think its hollywood amp beaches until you being ya howdy partner out here ass amp smoked for no reason
 and now ive lost my weed 
 bro this is worst weed ive ever gotten in my whole entire life its inspired me to go on a vacation soon to cali or colorado
 the perfect afternoon to just smoke and drink and chill.
 @cruzaustin15s dad always makes the bestttt smoked chicken 
 the latest craze in winemaking marijuanainfused wine 
 my mom thinks i smoke weed. cant have my mom out here lying. so guess i gotta start smoking. 
 i slammed my finger in the door today and damn near broke it and when i told me mom she was like awww poor thing do you need weed
 take a video of me kissing a boy and smoking weed and send it to dad  ryry
 smoke now or smoke later  eat now or eat later 
 remember when i used to sneak smoke my dads shit in middle school now i smoke him out lol
 all my high school peers kept their weed in these. 
 how to smoke pcp an not kmow it until its too late 
 but i smoke my problems away
 question to former austin mayor how do you get live musicians here former mayor well  the current mayors kept the price of weed own.
 havent smoked or indulged in any cannabis products in 2 days. tolerance break is going okay so far
 she was pissed i went around her because she was going too slow. so she decided she wanted to race me. i smoked her. bye
 lost my weed
 the thing i miss most about new york is that my weed man would always deliver no matter what time it was or what burrough i was in
 people passing faster then im passin weed
 @drewpretasky11  ugh i needa smoke  you down
 im selling my weed page on instagram through paypal only. if you are interested dm me  serious people only please 
 prepping this bitch for the smoker nashville smoking sundayfunday @ nashville  tennessee 
 my mom used to sell weed in high school.
 even smokey the bear would totally be down with the people smoking weed at the grand canyon.
 im in emus parents kitchen scarfing down cookies and i hear emus dad say weed in spanish. hell yeah im high af lmao
 you know your neighborhood aint used to weed if you can smell it going home who tf moved in
 nashville legalize marijuana for kieth n the gang
 this some of the best weed i had in a long time
 best smoke spot in houston is china town 
  ifwy the long way and you know the man  smoke vc off friday 
 im going to have to try that smoked old fashion  waiter.   @ modis breckenridge 
 i miss weed and caffeine.
 @jafromec shoulda smoked a bowl before this one
 jono just told me about a rooster that lived on some rooftops in brooklyn that people called the weed rooster cause it liked smoke
 stay off the weed 
 i pray to god i never live in a neighborhood where white people try to tell me not to smoke a cigar while driving n 
 i caught takeiahs little sis and cousin hitting my mod so i told them there was weed in it now im just waiting for them to act high 
 i shoulda smoked before the grammys came on.. 
 i just told my mom i hoped this tea had marijuana in it and she winked
 it was long over due  but we have removed the weed blog from our rss feeds.
 i want to smoke some cali weed on the roof top . . someone needs to @ me from cali gahdamm
 when i was in cali  we bought some weed from some crackhead homeless guy in los angeles and that shit was next level
 sometimes the smoke and mirrors in hollywood can be fun naacpimageawards bts chasitysaunders 
 done lost my weed 
 my sister laughed at me cause i told her to smoke me out. lmao shes gonna be mad when she has no edibles anymore
 the best rapper in atlanta and some guy who allegedly smokes penises 
 i smoke the pain away its rolled up in a swisher
 forever sneakin out in my robe to smoke my night ciggy
 my coworker told me i need to smoke w a man  and i told him  i dont know any. he got a little bit offended lmao
 rollin up 8 blunts trynna smoke the pain away   you hate me keep the hate away .
 @jaxonalexander the word alivethe hounds of anubis  play the victim  2012  smoke monster  life cycles  to struggle and claw my way
 roll these blunts amp smoke my pain away 
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 im going to smoke my nalgas away cause this sore throat aint no joke nothing helps
 oh holy smokes those folks at that grammy show said the exact same things i said 8 years ago
 i wish my friends was woke i would go drive to mariah house to smoke im not even sleepy
 drank drank smoke smoke just to ease the pain
 on the phone w mom keep your clothes on amp stay away from alcohol what about marijuana thats legal here. smoke away girl thxmom
 i wish i liked weed 
 just stay off the weed 
 avail facebookcustomersupport number 18777296626 to weed out your problems 
 avail facebookcustomersupport number 18777296626 to weed out your problems 
 1 weed nap later
 i should stay up amp smoke another blunt just bc ion have school in the morning..
 walkin down the street smoken cali weed drinkin on apple juice
 my sister woke me up at 3am to smoke and had nothing to roll in so now im awake and sober
 my niggers are waiting for you in some alley full of crack waiting to be smoked by army soldiers who do heroin who want a raise who are gay
 god youre so annoying be gay and smoke crack already thanks for not disturbing
 shout out to bae waking me up with head just to smoke  now im going back to sleep
 avail facebookcustomersupport number 18777296626 to weed out your problems 
 1. you have been so irrelevant to me 2. i dont even smoke weed. 3. you live like 40 mins away  do you think i would go through that trouble
 secondhand smoke definitely triggered my asthma when i was a kid. 
 @rainbowbloc on serious tip what was he smoking it was not weed had to be radiation or something  who the hell told him that looked good
 i had a dream where i was arrested for protesting but the cop forgot about me so i snuck away amp smoked weed w a bunch of protestors
 joe lachance  the weed guy  chats up the national institute of cannabis  and how ct can make money  for once   marijuana pot munchies
 giving the turf a little food and keeping the weeds away too  pre noweeds @harrellsllc @brettdrinkwine 
 @900amwurd @solomonjones1 stop prosecuting small amounts of weed.
 struggling with patience so hard right now. im going to update my medical card  smoke it off  amp stfu lol.
 dublin alert  truck fire in view from our live camera  wb 580 @ dougherty rd. smoke and flames  slow lane. slowing 
 yall smoke 2 stay cool   i smoke 2 stay sane.
 until i couldnt smoke anymore 
 people using medical marijuana drink less and gobble fewer pain pills @alternet 
 people using medical marijuana drink less and gobble fewer pain pills @alternet 
 what are your expectations of weed man tell us in the comments below... customerfeedback 
 my mom went into my car without letting me know ... yupp she knows i smoke now 
 this weed not being legal thing is getting tiring
 the cycle of sick finally hit me. my cough sounds like i smoke 3 packs a day and i lost my voice. 
 i wasnt going to smoke this morning  but im up extra early. might as well 
 @cnnnewsroom thatcalifornia dam appears 2b not 2 far from weed  california 
 psa dont smoke
 i smoke these blunts so i can ease my pain 
 @epistemologeeg i had weed in the car so theyre making me appear
 things the z driving neighbor does  stands around his car  polishes his car  has a smoke around his car  talks with dad around his car
 talking to a random parts guy and made a weed referenced joke when he quoted me the price of 420.... he didnt get the joke. awkward silence
 @aggy taking too long ima smoke without her 
 people passing faster then your passing weed
 waking up to some weed amp shwarma
 wtf i woke up and my weed went missing i think my mom stole it 
 @foehuned mind right  when youre in la shop with the best weedfourless @hightimesmag @ 
 one day these period pains will get me a weed card
 told my weed man roll up
 @j3ssir smoke pot
 bad news is that i have scars in my lungs so i sound like a 10 pack smoker from pneumonia  good news is that i lost 5 lbs in a month
 @j3ssir but i do. smoke pot.
 jarret just told me one time this guy was blowing cigarette smoke in his girls face amp he didnt say anything bc the guy was big af im done
 fins up  catch jimmy buffett amp the coral reefer band live in las vegas on sat  apr 1. get tix now 
 @tedcruz saving txns lifes is not a train wreck. ur smoke amp mirrors just to win to the detriment of ur constituents is a train wreck
 my mom just called and said shes gonna become a marijuana advocate lmaooooooo
 @dommalizia smokes mids.
 cant wait to drop the sunroof back while i smoke a l driving thru the city  
 @baseballgiorgio @achsfred @rricardofan @jodymacman @itweetpete     shoulda got a weed union job
 hey dad  just letting you know i start working again tomorrow.  good dont spend all your money on weed
 roll up to smoke my sense away
 the cannabis chapel las vegas only marijuanathemed wedding chapel is the perfect site to hold a weeding 
 thursday is our last class amp weds were having our class potluck so i told him well smoke weds before our potluck amp he said okay 
 i told the receptionist my dad is the gray haired man who smokes too much and she immediately knew who he was and told me whats for dinner
 lasvegas divebar doubledown a smokey little dive bar away from the strip 
 @notoriouswojo haha still not as good as the guy saying he smoked crack with hookers and even that wasnt as dumb as a guys trade scenario
 found my lost weed 
 @bobdillner josh smoker on the mets is a racer too. his dad owns a racing supply business in ga. glad to see a racer on my team he ran dirt
 my grandpa told me that he would be my valentine amp told me to stop by w some mountain dew amp a bag of weed 
 youre a groupie bitch that only cares about weed amp your team 
 im never going to be a professional marijuana doer
 and i hated la  but the weed was amazing knocked on my ass for days
 why the chain smokers win a grammy all they do is go bee boo bop on a keyboard
 i parked my car less then 45 minutes ago and i already lost it. so bad it took me 5 minutes to find holy smokes
 i got an almost weed tweet with 4 retweets and 20 favorites. i see some irony there 
 i miss this place... soon it will be weed picking time out there too... myweddinglocation lovelakeallure 
 happy birthday nigga  you better smoke a fat blunt and get some bomb head today. and p.s dont get in trouble lmfao 
 felt like complete shit all day smoked a couple bowls now i feel wonderfullike
 @truthorange no one is forcing anyone to smoke
 when jenny stays at my house until i get out that means  1. she didnt let my dog out at all 2. she smoked all my roachies
 would you believe me if i told yall i didnt smoke today lol
 cruise  smoke and rampb
 boos from young conservatives in the audience following blaneys awkward moralizing on cannabis. cpcldr
 the weed that i lost and found ended up being bammer nothing ever works out for me 
 all i do is smoke my pain away
 i was just compared to marijuana
 in alcohol but teach them how to be mature and smoke italian seasoning
 not quite like the pit  but good enough.  nice dining partner @ bears smokehouse bbq 
 i tried to smoke a cigarette amp i ended up throwing up  grosspath neveragain idkwidt
 my dads missing  he didnt return from getting smokes. unlikelyemergencies
 i can never stay high when i smoke dis booboo ass cochran weed
 im the professional smoker  
 fuck it going to the weed store
 at homegrown smoker freezing af but 
 i turned down free weed on friday bc i rlly dont love life
 woke off the smoke
 moment of silence for my weed. i was breaking it down and i dropped my grinder and everything went downhill after t 
 out of the ruins and rubble  out of the smoke  out of our night of struggle can we see a ray of hope
 miss.  miss.  bryce hempel grabs rebound.
 if i didnt have a raging bitch for a sister i would never smoke cigarettes again 
 this guy at work told me he could tell i smoke weed bc im always peppy like bruh... wat
 fuck dude this train be taking sweet ass time like i aint tryna go smoke or some shit
 cali weed got me on something  caliweed bestbud smokerscelebration 
 stay away from those btches that only post selfies their ego is higher than u when you first smoked the maryllama wisewordsofcalist
 hb1298 engross to amend the arkansas medical marijuana amendment of 2016 and to authorize the transfer of a li... 
 i feel so drained man .. im just going to smoke this l for everyone thats gotten on my nerves today ..
 i ran from my problems amp smoke away my pain. its not healthy but it works.
 i run from my problems amp smoke away my pain. its not healthy but it works.
 @amfmjen @djolder i mean ice cube was wearing a smokey the bear resist shirt on week two.  im trying to stay open.
 one time i accidentally brought some weed to school and it fell outta my pocket and some lil bih was like teacher 
 thats the legal age...25 is when geri said we are mature enough for locating kroger and locating weed
 you are what you smoke james 
 rain today means weeds tomorrow. learn how to save yourself the pain in carpediem @kfox14 liveonkfox in 5 minutes.
 i was told i couldnt smoke and somehow i ended up high
 i wonder what would happen if i feed my dad a weed brownie without him knowing.
 so this bitch got morphine but no weed 
 everythings splendid the weed is heavenly scented
 wheres theres verified smoke theres most likely . probe resist 
 cant smoke the pain away
 what would happen if i smoked 8 bowls
 i only smoke cigs if they are fancy  
 dollars folded    around cigar smoke   she counts the nights tips
 dollars folded    around cigar smoke   she counts the nights tips    senryu
 .dollars folded  around cigar smoke she counts the nights tips    senryu
 reset facebook password 18777766261 to weed out your problems now facebookhackedaccount facebookhacked 
 told myself while growing up id never smoke or really drink because my parents said it was bad
 reset facebook password 18777766261 to weed out your problems now  facebookhackedaccount facebookhacked 
 i just smoke maryjane everyday to numb the pain away
 if i dont smoke soon im boutta explode
 no smoke  no mirrors  no gimmicks  stop cheapening your brand.
 i used to do that just not smoke it lmaoo 
 good thing i smoke dabs inside bc its to damn windy and rainy for any kind of exterior smoking 
 woke up to our smoke alarms going off 
 do i smoke too much weed definitely 
 caocigars consigliere to start the day famoussmokeshop thisonesforyou @ famous smoke shop 
 he trying to get smoked cuddy  
 ive already decided not going to school by the question now is do i go back to sleep  smoke  or start my load of homework
 ive already decided im not going to school the question now is  do i go back to sleep  smoke  or start my massive load of homework
 ethanol paper is getting smoked out of the gates  off 3 cents before corn opens on news argo not taking trucks bc its full
 if smoking weed offends you  1. im sorry. 2. it wont happen again. 3. 1 amp 2 are lies.  4. youre a pussy.
 a diffused smokey eye in cool brown with a hint of liner and a touch of mascara.  a perfect 
 need to smoke the pain away
 less stress more smoke now we all elevatin
 get ur own weed freeloader 
 if ya would relise the amount of weed i smoked ya would tell me to cut down rs
 they better smoke a blunt and stfu  
 didnt miss florida weed and pricing thats for sure
 i never kept late hours  didnt smoke  didnt drink. all i was thinking about was baseball. that was my heart. 
 sometimes we just end up doing legendary sht. im the only dj to ever smoke waiting for our 
 @milesjreed mcconnell.lying ryan  and now chaffetz..  sure smell a lot of smoke.
 @luisfliesnaked after telling him he couldnt smoke  you walked away like..... 
 if you wannah smoke all day long hml
 @torontofire asking people at scene of fire at yonge amp st. clair to keep back safe distance to keep safe from smoke amp large equipment kmc
 peeper you didnt mutate from communion. you mutated from secondhand smoke blowing around there at the time of your conception.
 all the guys who used to claim sin city boys either realized theyre from berwyn or smoke ls  damn dasss tragic 
 i want to smoke and get lost later 
 definitely trynna smoke and get tacos later lol
 doing debates in class and my group has to argue against legalizing marijuana. awkward.
 i went to the smoke shop in dinky and my purchase was way less than i expected so todays been a good day so far
 surprise me with weed and pizza today and ill love you forever
 16 days without weed. who even am i well im definitely skinnier thats for damn sure
 damn it i sneezed all over my weed
 i smoke and blow my pain away
 lmao some one in my apartment complex burning valentines day breakfast i can hear the smoke alarm going off
 where theres smoke  there is fire. i.e. reyes. relying on wacha to be 5th guy is losing proposition. i think hes compromised too stlcards
 i smoke like a freight train ....... hahahaa
 smoking weed  dodging feds cause my head hard
 i smoke away how im feeling at the time
 it was smoke it the air
 cruising through ri on this lovely valentines day about to smoke the perfect v day gift  an ep 
 someone told my boss that i smoke but it all worked out cause shes letting me take a smoke break
 me and the gf bc weeds the only thing that loves me 
 cutlife relaxed curls @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 maaaan wassup shit good loving atlanta missing cali weed. lol hows shit down there 
 @caocigars amazon basin this afternoon...ive been missing out on these.  great smoke  nowsmoking 
 when @arouseruben mom said he cant smoke with him homies 
 @420 gosh those weeds
 smoking weed is fun
 mom smokes during pregnancy  then baby starts to s... 
 people passing faster than im passing weed 
 stress or......i can just smoke this pain away
 we are pleased to announce a new soil blend.  its the perfect formula for growing tomatoes  cucumbers or cannabis. 
 pretty sure thats just smoke floating around.. @ mcglincheys bar 
 didnt know my school grew weed 
 found a song called donald trump makes me wanna smoke crack which is just as catchy as the title is funny
 bruhhh and plizzy was tryna get me to smoke more. i was like im tapped .. amp im never tapped  
 @realdonaldtrump @vp @usedgov @betsydevos just a smokescreen you bunch of taitors what are you really going2 endanger wethepeople wnow
 @joydivizn i remember you selling me  harrison and chandler weed with uriel and cameron weiman. shits crazy bro
 i just found some weed i thought i lost. man this is the best valentines day ever
 if youre thinking about just hitting me up to smoke at my house... dont
 youd think one of the best cannabis dispensaries in norcal would offer bouquets of buds on this holiday wasted opportunity
 i had a long day and im just exhausted i want to smoke some weed
 finna smoke these emotions away   i miss my auntie already
 @andrewperezdc and by doing this  they more or less just confirmed that there is more than just smoke there. im loving it.
 the art of burning marijuana
 in austin who got weed
 was supposed to wait to smoke this blunt with my sister but shes mia
 lmao note to self..first high of the day is always the best.lmao nigga been so busy i barely smoked 10 minutes ago.bruh im blown af ryt now
 @christadubill @glezak everytime i want to fire up the smoker we get a burning ban. drats
 tryouts got cancelled  had a whole box of thin mints  got the freshest fade of my life and my barber smoked me out. today was a good day.
 this is austin tanksleys and my time bomb we smoked on his birthday 
 i always tell myself that i should cut down on the amount of weed i smoke...... fuck that tho
 i smoke in la  but im not no laker..
 why do people smoke yuk
 my dad used my car and found a lighter and was lecturing me not to smoke cigarettes as if i smoke cigarettes smh
 really tryna smoke my life away 
 did anyone see the huge cloud of black smoke on the strip today around 450p looked like it was around the luxorexcaliburnyny vegas
 @itskhaylene yes mam  abt to smoke with a friend  care to join
 everyone stop the legal weed is too selfawareness inducing
 im like ohso medicated man. ganja ki jai. the mercy of lord nityananda ki jai trump seems so far away now.
 i never realized what a luxury it was to smoke inside until i couldnt do it anymore lol
 the manage guv s ne a smoke
 bae rolled my weed and cooked me spaghetti  haply valentines day 
 lotta weed
 maybe if you didnt smoke all that weed you wouldnt have felt unsatisfied  
 about to the smoke fattest bluntski  happy valentines day to me
 me im bout to shave my legs. dad well i got a weed eater outside. thanks dad
 love is a very private thing but so is weed.
 on scene firefighter walking out of the smoke charged dwelling wa small dog despite the fire  occupant was pleas 
 @7im @nytimes hard to see with all this damn smoke
 me dad what should i caption this   doug marijuana prices have gone down.   ummmm okay 
 i just wana smoke amp my baby brother just keep waking up 
 all you do is smoke weed you wont amount to anything ive tried to tell ya but keep it up duddddddeeee 
 if smoking weed offends you  1. im sorry. 2. it wont happen again. 3. 1 amp 2 are lies.  4. youre a pussy. 
 @johngonz oi vey. bad month so far for sixers on trades and injuries. lotta smoke and mirrors.
 my logic cheladas are less expensive than weed
 @austenkeim book yourself a spa day and let the massges melt the soreness away. and smoke pot.
 when youre in so much menstrual pain  that bae decides to bring weed over and have you smoke it. 
 some girl on sc was really recording herself smoke and she wasnt even inhaling it i was weak. then she over here talking about im high asf
 were just a bunch of weeds in the garden. @barretkoch
 my first valentines day in a very long time as single so today i proclaim self lovei donated bloodampit is my first day being smoke free 
 valentines day marks a year ive had my son smokey  thanks to his dad @tyshaun
 im definitely the i  weed one 
 roll one smoke one and were just havin fun
 long story short have less drugs with your friends less  smoke less sex  and get off your phone 
 ive gone to long without smoke 
 i remember this oldhead from my old job used to smoke nothing but reggie. said that loud the kids was smoking gave him a headache
 my mom literally will not speak to me because she found out i smoke pot lol
 i smoked it b taking too long to shoot
 @woridstarlaugh @paigeemerriman minus the dating part  was thinking of doing some weed whacking soon are u interested
 wht happened to all the safe smoke spots4
 what happened to all the safe smoke spots
 lets smoke and fuck our problems away
 and it was chain smoker  the song i had been waiting for the whole damn show
 getting the whole school high by putting and burning weed in the air vents of the school. @ohwhome
 went to go spend valentines with my homegirl tonight  brought her flowers  smoked her out and all. ily and miss yo 
 @jpodhoretz yup. appears to be a lot of smoke and not much fire.
 still not over the fact that my mom let me smoke in the house today  2017 woke as shit
 dont think if we smoke together u can take advantage bc i be super alert when im zooted .. nolacking2017
 i miss weed
 reid wasnt just blowing smoke. 
 @jbogle300 @k1ngofwhat the one in the tub got 100 smoked
 there was smoke in the air before  that was me clearing it
 yet...where there is smoke there is fire...going to be a interesting summer..and im no liberal or conservative 
 @drewunga theres an insane amount of smoke here. its all coming and this is all going down at some point.
 so again im single af on valentines. but at least i get to smoke cali weed and watch netflix with people at the hostel
 i think i lost my weed 
 no bae but i got weed 
 i shoulda smoked
 trying so hard not to smoke again... but days become longer and more stressful
 lmfao somebody come smoke with my gay ass 
 sheriffs narcotics unit cracking down on illegal marijuana shops in la county 
 ugh rn would be perfect to smoke a blunt
 @ctvtoronto yes tragic but they just cant blame not having smoke alarms how do we know if it was criminal in nature it not  as well.
 who wants to smokeeeee
 just waiting on my parents to accept the fact that i smoke 
 45 is running scared @potus deflecting  smokescreens. 
 it was a banner year at the bender house  smoke up johnny. 1985 
 who can give me a ride later around 1 i will smoke you out or give you a free small shoot 
 who tf got some weed in grand prairie
 why does my roomate think its okay to smoke weed inside the apartment its not  ive talked to her she doesnt care. ugh.
 i think my mom knows i smoke
 trudeau has legalize weed now. hmv closing  mcdonalds automizing  ceta. were going to lose many jobs this year.
 dxy usdjpy getting smoked here neg diverges from reflation trade  oil  spx 
 the amount of weed i would smoke down there in unreal 
 days like this perfect to smoke and lay up
 i all but forgot yesterday was valentines day bc weed lmao
 i hope @apple doesnt try and rip me off cause there charger smoked and went into flames charging my phone that was on 8
 o praise the lord fresh air not outside. just in a hallway away from the weed.
 i told justin wow you really didnt get me flowers yesterday  he said yea i did we smoked like 5 times 
 perfect day to smoke hella blunts lol
 the first thing im boutta do when i get paid is buy weed so i stay home 247 like i used to
 throw the whole blunt away  texas weed bs  
 if more people smoke weed there would be less violence. so tell me all about how weed is bad for you
 amanda  i dont keep pot i smoke that shit right away 
 i need to be mobile again i miss daquan weed 
 @brynnburke i smoke amp used to feel it wasnt addictive but once it gets to a certain point that allllllll changes lol. its plain to see 
 to smoke now or later
 hitting a blunt amp blowing out the smoke right when a pig pulls up next to you themomentyouknewyoufuckedup
 psa if i enter a space and can still smell your weed stink 10 mins after you vacated the area  its offensive.  think of others  you idiot.
 me what facility was the patient seen at akron general or aultman   caller university hospital.   this is why i smoke.
 how do u deal with pain  i smoke a bunch of weed until everything around me blurs into nothing
 stfu i smoke swisher sweets all the damn time. its a flavor  these cookies are still horrible tho no lie  
 if youre in vegas and sell weed hit my line
 what a bright idea. im shocked they got caught. legal weed hasnt cut into the cartels profit margin enough. weed 
 @swainevent @sethstokestse  thanks guys always fun to get together  seth you take care of yourself keep in touch we need to fire up smoker
 i told myself i wasnt gonna smoke before class anymore amp here i am smoking before class
 couldve been the one it just wasnt that serious   there was smoke in the air before that was me clearing it 
 @stholeary @gop have at him barely high school education and smokes weed every frckn minute. have fun
 we are not going to be able to spray our way out of this problem. bob hartzler on herbicideresistant weeds. 
 when you smoke mids 
 lungs burning but not from the weed  they burning cuz im out here increasing my speed  jogging on the daily so i can hurry up and leave
 yall i waited all damn afternoon to smoke cuz my dad said he would be here at 130.... he just called and said he isnt coming 
 now les go smoke . 
 lmao my brother just asked me what weed was
 people passing faster then i pass the weed
 people passing faster then i pass the weed
 replytweet can the judge take your license away for pessesion of marijuana in your car
 omg my mom found out i smoke weed and now were sharing stories  i love it
 soooo smoking weed isnt for me  thought it was a good idea.. till i realized i was high amp did not like it amp wanted it to go away lmao 
 she just wanna have a good day. smoke way more weed than a guy in l.a. 
 @talkmaster my cousin is md with bad hip injury. she is waiting in line  for her pain meds amp weed hoping it will work
 now a days  i dont blaze  because there are bad sides to weed. its not completely safe as most believe... 
 ever since my mom found out i smoke shes always buggin 247
 grn chocolate is the creme de la creme of artisan cannabis chocolate visit them and try some samples at booth 608 
 @amortanisha see what had happened was...my dog ate all my weed. i overslept my reup. there was a problem with the toilet...lol
 my mom smoke weed entirely to much 
 @billyofdahills @jeffcampbellwv @wvgovernor @justiceforwv cannabis helps ease my over active nerves. cannabis hits what pills cannot touch
 i remember when my roommates of 4 years ago told me to get my life together cuz i was smoking weed. i told them to fuck off and did me
 bae got me roses  chocolates  rubbed my back forever  amp smoked an l with me for vday. it was love fr  appreciate the small things 
 my lil boo got me roses  chocolates  rubbed my back forev  amp smoked an l with me for vday. it was love fr  appreciate the small things 
 i wish i would be a professional weed connoisseur but thats a reach and will probably never happen
 am i he only one who smokes in my room like i used to be sus and have to go to a smoke spot but ive gotten comfortable with my window
 might just have to smoke weed and play splinter cell the day away
 my friends always send me bomb ass indoor snaps... knowing damn well i cant smoke 
 the high times cannabis cup is coming to las vegas march 45  use promo code vegcanmag for 
 if i have time to smoke a whole cig while waiting for you to come out your house and to my car youre taking too long
 turning the grand daughters onto willie tonight  pot smoke smell supplied from grandpa on the back deck 
 @tomilahren yes. we are frothing at the mouth like rabid dogs. im waiting to see whos next. where theres smoke there is 
 when my sister is the type of person to be professional and clean and then tells me i smoke weed now girl its legal made my day 
 things you can do with an apple 1 eat it 2 smoke with it 3 go to the apple store and buy our songs  
 professional amp i  weed  
 this guy was really smoking weed  and listening to dubstep in his car at school. like damn  i thought 2009 was over already 
 @trentpearson3 lmfao definitely hulk weed
 lil smoke i miss u. 
 first day without weed and if yall couldnt already tell im irritable af.
 impressive waterfall joint...i bet that would be fun to smoke. 
 i dont smoke tonight i definitely would
 medical marijuana is legal in florida and might keep my husband alive. but how many can pay gt4000mo how long can we pay that
 my parents think bc i smoke weed that in a lost cause in getting my education and work my ass off i think ill be okay
 my parents think bc i smoke weed that in a lost cause im getting my education and work my ass off i think ill be okay
 well  its back to taking a bunch of pain killers since i dont smoke anymore. 
 about to smoke this blunt and dose off 
 can bae be here with his kisses and weed already  thatd be fantastic.
 chaffetz asks justice department watchdog to probe flynn leaks  via the @foxnews time to weed out the corruption
 deflection smoke amp mirrors. 
 i miss smokey ugh
 whats going on in weed at lake shastina is the dam there okay reports of downstream water rising.
 got my weed card finally in la lolll
 honestly this back pain has definitely made me a strong advocate of medical marijuana. its the only thing that helps my pain.
 go into that burning house and tell me why those dadburn smoke alarms keep going off 
 okay my old summer plans are cancelled. im seriously going to invest my summer in to communizing  the atlanta weed 
 i should probably do my homework while smoking weed more often. makes the whole ordeal less stressful.
 nice fruit notes but low on the smoke flavor. definitely not a rauchbier.... blowin smoke 
 lmao tell me why my coworker was giving out tips to the hosts and he looks at me and is all like lets smoke on  me   thats your tip
 @ch3micalwaste come smoke with me bc u love me and miss me
 @cenkuygur great weed story with jayar
 can we smoke please aw i dont have any more  damn ok end of convo lol haaalp
 sooo i was showering and theres somebody was smoking weed in the next stall...
 @chitownnsession i could buy smokes when i was 16 back then. gas stations didnt care like they used to.
 me mom i think im dehydrated  mom see thats what happens when u smoke weed   ok mom lol
 @enchantrxss lies youve never smoked dmt obvi it takes you to 5th dimension
 @enchantrxss ehhh not when u smoke it humans are capable  lose tude sister
 this woman on my team looks  similar to catherine zeta jones  smokes weed and i get a gay vibe from her. could i be in luck we shall see.
 i remember me amp melissa lost weed in her car and found it like 2 months later 
 rolled a backwood it was beautiful until i went to smoke it  shit wasnt  hitting at all .
 lotta lotta dope smoke going on
 does your roommate smoke weed dad said when he came to visit it smelled like pot mom
 im abt to start selling my ownnnn weed lmfao
 i dont smoke on rainy days 
 i miss weed because the only time i ever really felt calm and happy was when i was high
 i told this boy he didnt know how to smoke and he blocked me 
 earlier today i told myself i was tired of weed... fuck was i talking bout 
 i remember shaquana smack me cause i stepped on her bag of weed  that was the end of our friendship that day  she was mad af
 just watched a tobacco free commercial that had niggas hitting them folks in that hoe lmao i feel motivated to smoke now
 where theres smoke theres a dumpster fire.
 listen if you do any type of drugs other than weed stay away from me plz
 a guy who use to smoke pcp to the point of handicapping himself told me how it was used in the vietnam war to control soldiers amp make them..
 .@lirr first hempstead cancelled now merillon is held what does that mean  info on app  twitter and web are inconsistent and confusing.
 im going to smoke my life away this evening..
 just told my mom i think she needs to smoke some weed and clam tf down
 niggas still in jail for possession of weed while she sits here an gets praised for the exact same shit they was do 
 if im the weed man and you come out like this im driving off 
 @realdonaldtrump smokes high mids at best.
 im am not going all the way to shrewsberry just some weed tf
 i lost my weed 
 @cspanwj okie caller  i dont think getting things done means what you think it does. so far the presidentsuspect is blowing smoke.
 @ripcitymornings weight loss nigel im 55 former smoker  i cycle 15 miles every day now. try cycling it works. buy a road bike.
 really think i lost my weed
 one day away until the competition  @ six lounge hookah amp smoke shop mt.p 
 told that bitch if her weed was reggie and she blocked me from snap lol 
 @corbinforquer3 im shocked  didnt even know you smoked no shit this is news
 i woke up thinking about weed. weedporn
 world read aloud day  hemphill elementary school  @alabamareading karenhdavis3 
 heirs of deceased flyers owner look into building medical marijuana facility 
 my dumbass sister really ask my mom if it was okay if she smoked 
 remember in high school when you would get an eighth of weed and felt like you just bought a ounce and now a eighth is like a bowl pack.
 yo i got guns from from italy smoke trees considerably
 brisket is wrapped and back on the smoker. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android 
 it was a marijuana 
 my original weed man hoodie design hudabeauty hudabeautygiveaway mycandylipz   beauty 
 ugh tf the weed man at 
 @alexismikhaela same  i need to smoke so i can start cooking. gonna fry up some tater tots w mine
 @abcpolitics @kezi9 bunch of hot air  smoke and mirrors. hell blame everyone else for all his administrations problems.
 i smoked so much this year we couldnt even take a day off its that work hard play hard
 if me and my girl cant smoke and listen to diddy bop by noname is she really my girl definitely not
 the guy in the car next to me is smoking weed and acting like i cant seesmell it
 just told my ma i smoked weed before... 
 i really miss laying on oomf while we smoke amp vibe
 high school i wanted to drop nrs so bad but i wasnt selling enough weed to do it  dylan dropped his whole paycheck from china king on it.
 the holdup jammin  high school memories smoking weed .
 psa im waiting to reply to all messages when i smoke my blunt so i can have a euphoric moment  
 i remember dropping 600 on a flight and lost my job at the weed shop for going to kenz funeral. i dont regret it at all.
 a city once dotted with poinsettia fields now eyes marijuana farms as a way to preserve its agricultural roots 
 guys my mom confessed to me that she used to smoke marlboro menthols in college in mexico  now i know where i got it from 
 @ashleighhnews @bradhutto @wis10 im a disabled vet. usmc. medical marijuana saved my life. legalize natures aid for ptsd and pain.
 just tryna smoke da pain away
 if you have any drama  conflict  insecurities  domesticpersonalsocial problems...just smoke more weed.
 all smoke amp mirrors to distract the focus away from our search for the truth we will resisttruthtrumpsalllies 
 dont know why  but i just remembered when i was pledging and we ran out of weed so my lb chewed all the stems before set wtf
 my diet recently has consisted of fruit and marijuana.
 this guy is rlly tryna tell me about his cannabis fishing empire.
 the day i can buy weed at the same price as a candy bar  will be a good day indeed. but that hasnt happened  so st 
 my mom is smoke 247
 my mom is smoked 247
 1.5 at home waiting on me to get smoked
 all i want after a long work day is to smoke a j and vibe.
 heard a guy at the gym say my girl is driving me to the point where i wanna smoke crack again....hahah what
 i was telling her how i found a bag of weed once and told her i sold it  the look on her face was hilarious
 for awhile i was confused on how i go through an ounce in less than a week.   then my mother confessed to taking my weed here and there
 find out how much it wasnt  a smokescreen when more info comes out about your treasonous potus. i forgot i talkn to 
 your mcw smokes mids and cant hit your g spot
 i just lost my life to a cigarette smoke cloud
 @amosie good advice ive been at the macro level on this  ill definitely move that direction as i get more into the weeds on that table.
 definitely try to smoke outside somewhere posted today
 @bravearcanine like very pro weed and civil unions for everyone instead of marriage but fiscally they were rand paul clones
 @deezhohn i am only the gardner trying to tend the weeds the master of the house has planted.
 ma your man a bird he went thru your phone and found out you cheated on him with the weed man..you passed him the j he said he quit smoking
 @nothanksbruh remember when smoke monster walked right behind us @ the foo fighters show @ fenway amp you didnt believe me til he tweeted u
 in new mexico when its windy you have to worry about tumble weeds. in california its palm trees and palm leaves. its a scary thing. 
 vibes with me ganja planta  la 
 do they have a ride system in place in north carolina for blind advocates of cannabis who are unable to drive 
 i see the subtweets.... from my cozy ass bed  on my expensive ass laptop  smoking nice ass weed.
 this cali weed is amazing 
 so yesterday i got pulled over w stuff in my car and the worst case scenario happened and now im stressed about it and have no weed
 told my mom i was going  o get my oil changed i prolly just smoke fr 
 rlly grateful to whatever it is that makes me so into skin care when im high bc my skin is so clear rn gbless thanks marijuana 
 my mom found weed
 @yessbree waiting on thee pack to get here to smoke b4 i eat. get it together buddy lol
 should not be bringing all this money in this smoke shop but
 @jojomouth @3rdgoal @trueraider13 @salejandro @mikeb702 @yfpfp i think i might be the only pot smoker in that bunch. i dont ask.
 were stopping so i can smoke and get high finally 
 i paid for parking then found out my class was cancelled i shoulda jus parked up n smoked a joint on campus smfh
 who remembers reeds story about the nigga whose girl was getting knocked down by the weed man
 retail terp alert all of our cannabis maximus thecannabi5maximu5 full spectrum extracts are 
 my friends was begging me to smoke wit them when they was smoking the other day lmaooooo 
 i miss smoke breaks w @therealmikeyo
 wish i had a sibling to smoke with i think im the only one that smokes..
 @ejrodriguezjd you are definitely lost son go back to what you were doing blowing smoke
 someone come help me take copious amounts of dabs and smoke copious amounts of weed w me.
 @wtocjamie where is all the smoke coming from in pooler saw a huge firetruck going towards quacco.
 .@rovendetti thanks  great info  and mike cernovich sez wh used the national guard memo to smoke out wh info leaker high stakes intrigue
 my dad said he had to confess something that hes been hiding from me amp my sisters my dad katelin... i occasionally smoke weed 
 smoke more weed than a guy in la
 bout to get a side job trimming medical marijuana 
 lifting partner today smoke   flexfriday 
 government has apparently dropped gateway theory  marijuana critics should too 
 @jdrosen2 savage and to the point  i  it adoption requires unwavering commitment. like throwing away your last pack of smokes when you 
 my dog found my stash where i kept money and weed i walked out my front porch and saw chewed up cash all over my yard. how was ur day tho
 @420weedin hi im a cannabis entrepreneur too. just started weedbar la. we do private events. any chance you can help me spread the word
 @cherylshuman weedbar la a cannabis concierge for your private event  plz rt
 my dad is at cannacon in seattle right now bc he sells software to weed growersdistributors    incredible
 @mojqng @asianpvper @lunarfrostxd @in5piree @thedarudegamer @youtube stfu pussy i smoke you to
 3an exploded and burning suv will be used in the shot.  an explosion with smoke and debris will occur
 yayyyy powers back on had to smoke my emergency bowl bc i didnt know what to do w myself lol
 nice way to spend a rainy friday afternoon. @ smokestack at magnolia brewing 
 im at hemptons retro threads in austin  tx 
 my weed man professional he do not say no
 okay but i cant even smoke my joint outside without the wind blowing me away. 
 me to you if you ever told me that you didnt want to smoke @aidamariaaxo 
 getting things going smokeinncigars  epiccigars epicmick epicontheroad epicmoment liveepic 
 @myramc not in a small enough dosagehidden on the inside of the leaf   some weed has white crystals er  so ive been told
 whaaaaaat the fuuuuuuck a lost dad exclaims as he takes a deep drag off his weed oil vape pen  following his over excited son into hell
 @myramc apparently weed is one of the most genderequal industries  one hopes itll stay that way  be progressive in future
 caitlin just told her mom mom do you wanna know what the ultimate birthday gift would be for you us all smoking weed together lmao crying
 bout to smoke  thanks mom 
 @hilmarhustler he told me you dont smoke hookah
 imma get off and smoke my other blunt amp finish my crown apple  by myself  lord knows i need some me time 
 right when i walked on the beach a local was like 10 shirts  i said no thanks. he said what about ganja  i was li 
 @spnbmb rands smokes
 toronto is the best parts of la  chicago  and new york mixed into one. plus the mayor smokes crack so thats dope
 i havent smoked in so long and im thinking about taking a few hits off doobie tomorrow
 akron smokes mids
 houston area to decriminalize some lowlevel marijuana possession 
 houston area to decriminalize some lowlevel marijuana possession 
 i remember after the day i met k4 in belle chase  we would link every other day after that amp smoke behind the neighborhood walmart lmao
 @gerocko274 @numerounoeli3 he tell us in his songs he smoke penis and calling niggas bae
 towel under the doe we wasnt  wasnt supposed to even smoke
 my dad and i are standing on our balcony in our hotel at disney and all we can smell is weed so he says didnt know epcot had amsterdam
 i just want to smoke a bunch of weed  eat some tater tots  makeout amp pass out with a man.  life can really be this simple.
 @nytimes stop chasing the wrong ball.  russiagate is the problem here.  treasonoustrump is blowing smoke to divert attention.
 got myself a little hemp kit from work 
 waiting on this bomb smoke sesh with the best friend 
  get lost in weed smoke 
 when your dad  finds your weed and puts it in rubbing alcohol growingupmexican
 i liked a @youtube video from @smokeydogg777  the smokeydogg show 021717
 im not really interested in the alcohol and weed these days. im just at a different point in my life now.
 my mom about to eat weed cookies man
 i miss smokey i miss smalls 
  roll up amp smoke my sins away 
 lmao halseys dad left her a minute long voice message about a cheese recall and remember how she has some smoked gouda at her place
 @warmblankets i mean smoke grenades are your excuse
 the feeling of waiting to be hung is much like the feeling of smoke in myyy lungs
 @richardschiff thanks for clarifying. that was my initial reaction also. phew had me going there time for a cannabis tea break.
 me walking into the elevator at work after it was just vacated by a smoker  
 my nights consist of excessive amounts of ganja amp taking the really long way home
 my mom threw away my weed brownies cause she said they were too old
 with another drug and he was teaching marguerite how to smoke and he kept telling her that she did not know what she was doing but she was
 when you buy weed and the weed man hitting yo blunt 
 val just smokes with me and then leaves me alone 
  @ ivy city smokehouse in washington  dc 
 holy smokes that was fun.
 the weed be letting you know evil alerts
 nights like this i wouldve met mickell at the lake amp smoked amp talked our problems away .. boy how things gave changed
 my neighborhood smells like weed and it wasnt me
 long live smoke
 my sister is the reason i smoke. 
 miss when we could roll up and smoke in the house
 always fun when your truck starts pouring smoke into the cab 
 pro tip on when non smoke shows see you out in bars  @barstooltrent @smittybarstool @barstoolnate nottryingtoblowupyourspot 
 and im waiting on some weed from my connect whos getting off work right now.  
 @smokeyrobinson @teachablec smokey ive been trying to reach the chairman can you help me ive talked to les with 
 when someone whos pro lgbt  pro marijuana  and pro choice is a hardcore trump supporter
 saw 2 tribute bands  1 did a perfect circle and tool  the other was system of a down. fun stuff  except for the pot smokers  blah
 waking up with angie to smoke lmfao
 so alec for bringing me weed
 apparently it is ok to smoke marijuana in the rooms at the concord cali hilton.  staff doesnt care. @hiltonnewsroom @hiltonhotels
 the amount of weed it takes to put me down for the night lately has gotten ridiculous 
 my wife told me she bought me a burrito for dinner. this thing was about a foot long and 6 wide  holy smokes and i ate it all. thanks babe
 @kkevnn i dont smoke. i appreciate  the earth lol
 the only reason why im allowing her to stay this late is because she said shes got weed.
  excuse me mam  do you smoke
 prepping the smoker for a long day of work. @ shaded downs 
 so what we get drunkk so what we  smoke weeed were all just havin fun we dont care who sees 
 @wizkhalifa finally  i got to try cali weed   in cali .  
 nick made a burrito that was literally just a single chicken tender and a bunch of weed wrapped in a tortilla. he went around and surprised
 honestly tho i think the gt will smoke the ss ...this isnt up for debate
 can one of you angels smoke me out today so i can have company while these body pains hopefully go away
 im that pisces that love weed
 me when i dont smoke. tragic 
 after excision  ganja amp eptic can we just fast forward to basslantic city plz 
 dropped outta school couldnt pass the sats  now i got 2 bad bitches passing me the weed
 if weed wont on this earth everyone would be lost
 day 7 kept 42 in my pocket this week by not buying smokes.  yeah  baby icanbreathe
 abt to smoke weed on the beach if anyone wants to join
 jesus  you follow one weed related instagram  then the entire stoner nation of instagram start following you  heh.
 woke up nd decided i wasnt going to smoke anymore so of course everybody nd they moms wanna match up right this second
 shoulda brung my weed out here
 no birth defects  no mental problems  an marijuana babies are equally as smart in some cases advanced learning abil 
 making bbq sauce  ribs going on the smoker this afternoon. ribs 
 im getting my medical marijuana card today thanks to my amazing parents. its all about communication 
 about to smoke this shit away.
 going to get the weed or waiting on it is always the most depressing stage for me before i smoke. lmao i just want it to appear in my blunt
 the great smoke 2017 is on  @ oktoberfest of the palm beaches 
 i was for selling brownies at school   they said they had weed amp they didnt i was just trynna make bread  
 degrom smokes one off a tee. griffeyesque 
 i seen this one bitch i had smoke w but she was scary af so her friend decided to swing on me. i lost it bopped all them bitches 
 @celeduc i was always entranced by smokey and bobs. mampd always said they were a waste of money and so did tom. this is my first one.
 had to tell myself weed not that important almost went and bought a grinder lol
 same thing for black hairstylist. we not about to keep stopping so you can smoke  feed your bad ass child  and kill 3 roaches. like we not.
 someone tell kalie that the objective of a party is not to smoke 2 blunts and drink 3 gallons of alcohol within the first twenty minutes.
 did my dad really just try to black smoke me 
 in weekend reads by apple news people with perfect memories  the models who sell weed to jimmy fallon  and more 
 that wasnt no reefer marty   psa 420 weed reefer medical kush cookies og dank hash 
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 touch of smoke is faint. normal blond to me.  drinking a smoke trick by @peekskillbrews at @peekskillbrews   
 first dram and smoke of the day  @ oktoberfest of the palm beaches 
 420 @ dr. green relief las vegas marijuana doctors in las vegas  nv 
 ok my mom needs to hurry bc im ready to smoke
 stop hitting me up with your weed deals. i do not care
 as time goes by  i stay high  im all good as long as my weed 
 i was driving to huntington this morning to just smoke and drive but the road was closed 
 the queen @mscharlottewwe was that close last night smokeshow and can straight up go impressed by her athl 
 my mom just told me that weed can kill you 
 my roomate doesnt get haircuts or smoke weed hes a waste of space for my purposes as a black man  that said my weed supplys always safe
 you know whats fun when smoke comes out of your truck and there is a smell of burning. so much fun.
 attn grown men plz dont use the weed was too strong as an excuse for shit said. ive smoked everyday of my adult life. dont be a pussy.
 long live the king @ wicked weed brewing 
 i said we should get tim hortons and my mom thought i was talking about a strain of weed
 heartbreak in oakland  so i chain smoked from the bay to la.
 long live the king @ wicked weed brewing 
 my mom is yelling at me bc i told her she has to hide her weed when we get to the venue
 roll up and smoke my sins away
 i miss all my bffs that smoke like me. aka all of them.
 walked in anthonys house and theres just smoke billowing out of the oven filling the kitchen so i open it and there sits 2 charred patties
 plz need weed now
 fuck weeds. good kiwi flavor. not overly acidi... weve got the biggest kiwis of them all  photo
 rita smelled and found the marijuana lmao to all my condo pals
 i bet that the cannabis cup this year is going to be high rolling in loss vegas  makeawish and dreamscancometrue 
 i remember when you couldnt even smoke shit  couldnt stay focused
 im at the chick fil a on colorado blvd thats next to the strip club and weed store that the mayor owns and im thinking about life
 definition of la  prius drivers smoking amp littering cigarettes.  city of smoke n mirrors
 its time to explore austin   but first let me smoke a stogie . 
 ummmmmmmmmmmmmmm les smoke 
 smmfh  thanks for ruining a good time. is there no more weed for you to smoke is why youre being a helicopter cunt  pmo
 do edible weed stay in ya system for a long time 
 ava told me she felt slumped so naturally she smoked a bowl  took a shot  and drank some coffee
 my dad does this  but has 20 episodes of bonanza and gun smoke recorded. 
 @alivialatimer homegrown smoker 
 governments have long turned to sin taxes to boost revenue. next year  weed will be added to the slate in mass. 
 tke smoker with my sisters  
 my mom went to like two smoke shops today to find cannibinoid supplements for me because nothing else is working for my pain. blest.
 mom pulls up me amp nise walks out mom where you guys going  me crickets were going to go buy weed me amp @nisemoney 
 update people on this app cannot spell too well. words ive seen misspelled include to  serious  marijuana  and p 
 my grandpa is telling me about his trip on peyote when he was young and my grandma just told me she wants to smoke with me 
 so i found out my almost 30 year old sister smokes weed lmao facts i have to burn with her
 went out to ypsilanti hit ah dispensary then went downtown ann arbor grabbed some food hit walked around an smoked its been ah good one 
 people who said weed was lame in high school smoking mid now 
 as a child i told myself id never drink or smoke... that was a lie
 my mom said shes going to come to one of these parties be the life of the party and smoke a little weed 
 @malikcraven3 as far as weed goes  texas is getting one step closer to it being legalized everywhere
 @sfbart sf bound train from east bay has smoker onboard
 nelson just robbed brenk one on one... holy smokes. want to see outstanding goaltending watch the clinic being put on thus far at augsburg.
 my dad said ima get him caught up with his wife thinking we just smoked pot lmaooo dramatic
 without passing judgement on the legalize marijuana debate... smoking it while driving is just dangerous and idiotic
 third floor stop smoking weed dont make me do my job  ca on the third floor of putt
 stranded at ronk because i missed my train by one minute  dropped and broke my headphones  and have no juul pod to smoke im losing heavily
 my mom really just offered me some weed because im in pain 
 round 3 lowe vs. fire amp smoke aparecido vs. big black cat fabiano vieira vs. honey hush. ironcowboy
 im going through so much mentally.. amp no amount of weed can ease my mind
 waiting on my weed lol
 my sister left me in charge of her pot do i smoke it
 apparently i was so drunk on wed that i army pins cause i thought it was my weed 
 waiting on the perfect moment to sneak to the whip and smoke this
 ...my dad smoked without me
 why didnt anybody warn me about the post indoor race cough  i feel like a veteran smoker in need of a lung replacement
 okay... how would you feel by ed sheeran is going to be my weeding song one day 
 was a helllllaaa tiring day.  lol smoked amp watched some movies all day.
 @greenhousenyt @normeisen that was all smoke and mirrors @potus never meant he was going to really drain the swamp
 had to take a smoke break but i rlly just went to listen to love bc i was getting anxiety
 i miss the ganja
 just woke up  time to smoke
 taylor said you dont have a bf tonight  when i told her that he went out with his friends to smoke and shes right...love the single life
 just had a guy tell me it was unattractive to smoke. i told him it was unattractive to be 300 pounds overweight. 
 4the past 8 n ahalf months all ive done was smoke weed n work less than part time @ best market  i start school in 1 day. weird transition
 i only smoke garcia vegas  blunts
 can someone smoke a bowl out of my ass is that possible
 you talk about your feelings boo boo ill be by the weed
 back in the day we used to smoke weed inside.
 totally forgot weed is legal here in nevada..... 
 youre pregnant... and youre drinking and smoking weed... okay totally normal
 i just entered a prize giveaway  old man smoker tshirt giveaway on   win fishbowlprizes
 throw back to the time i smoked a blunt on top of the grand canyon 
 my manager just told me to go smoke one 
 lost my weed at the club   im drunk af
 before i die i will smoke with my dad
 after a long day of pool play  we stopped by sugarfire smoke house for some amazing bbq. the girls definitely appro 
 brisket about to be smoked. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app stores  or 
 ive always liked buying weed from actual weed growers than weed shops
 the smoke wont settle till indictobama indicthillary lockthemup has happened then they can protest at gitm 
 i smoke my lyft drivers down as a tip 
 legal cannabis is here to stay 
 flew to nevada to smoke gelato 
  was trump smoking local weed before florida rally  or was he putting out fake news we wonder if it was medical pot
 the amount of times per weekend i have to say  i dont smoke is ridiculous
 debating if i should smoke before bed
 @mauvewriter i think it is the real effort 2 listen to people who would like the smoke and mirror in dc to disappear amp truth be told finally
 drink drink  smoke smoke  just to ease the pain
 what with all 4 virginia repub gubernatorial candidates saying ease up on marijuana i wont be surprised if perriello comes out smoking...
 a smoke in the pre2010 stanwell royal briar 389 before church while the dog makes sure they 
 always hiding the weed every argument lmao good thing im stopping. lmao
 @joleemockler john gave dogs brand new smoked bones amp its a basset chewathon 
 2 miles a day keeps the weed away
 @killaahcurls man i told you already if you want that smoke you could get that smoke
 @killaahcurls you should know where ill be at later if you want that smoke pull up im there ganged up
 with my marijuana trade
 my bowl just fell over with all my weed  
 lissette was walking around w sage and put all the smoke on me bc i have bad vibes since last night  woops
 somebody take me to fatz or texas roadhouse .... or smokes bones. chilis lol idc
 had to throw up while i was driving on the interstate so i grabbed a ziploc baggie and i threw up all in a bag of weed i hate myself
 i been so amtibullshit lately and so far my lifes gotten better. im happy  money coming in  my weed got louder  and its burning slower.
 i been so antibullshit lately and so far my lifes gotten better. im happy  money coming in  my weed got louder  and its burning slower.
 lmao weed is definitely a bill 
 hes a real man of hes responsible and works hard not someone thats fucks around and smokes all day
 excuse me while i smoke this blunt in private
 the downside to having a smoker is wanting to use it all the time. which isnt really a downside at all. deepthoughts
 why be w someone that doesnt do shit all day besides smoke amp plays games when u can be w someone thats responsible amp works hard all day
 @jareedp damn i was gonnnna sayyy smokeeeeeeeee
 told my uber driverolder white woman that i was gonna own a weed farm  and restaurant with infused foods. she liked it.
 @bryandanielson2 im the smoker body building guy. i eat tomatoes  apples  and chit like that. 2 packs a day. im busted @kingmarliedave
 what should we do when we go to denver besides weed. what else is there to do
 im not sure who is was running their smoker in my neighborhood  but if were not already friends we should be 
 my fantasy has always been im stuck on a deserted island with books and weed
 parsing the smoke and dangerous nonsense in a well written  blistering editorial by the @nytimes
 i smoked pot with johns hopkins
 im buying groceries confused af bc smells like weed after like 20 min i find weed in my hair  wow shay
 im buying groceries confused af bc i smell weed after like 20 min i find weed in my hair  wow shay
 replytweet  any of you guys know how to smoke amp not get dry socket
 didnt notice the cherry fell out  a couple seconds later we smell smoke amp little did i know the floor board a napkin was burning below me
 i was supposed to go to a show lastnight had my clothes laid out and everything smoked a blunt and woke up at 9 am 
 today is  the perfect day to smoke 
 my mom told me shed pay me 100 if i didnt smoke pot today
 huge congratulations to @flitzanu . most definitely the sexiest living thing to ever be smoke free for 8 years thanks to ecigs.
 blow that smoke sumwhere else plz...thankssss 
 can you believe people actually had to stop for a smoke break @ las vegas strip 
 my dad just told me he found weed on the beach once with the singer laura branigan lmfaoo
 lets buy our own island so we can smoke on it
 my dad just came to check out my apartment for the first time and the first thing he said was damn it smells like a weed farm in here
 i miss watching weeds ....
 came back in from my smoke break and my boss said that wasnt long enough go back out there. i love him 
 @msuhumor alcohol  weed  pcp  a bevy of other reasons
 the only sister i have. mshenley and no she doesnt smoke  @ 
 blessed is the one whose smoke spot is next to a creek coz its like peaceful an shit
 megan dont smoke pot this girl on the news smoked it and died okay mom
 one way to progress theroad roadglide cruising chilin @ harleys smokeshack 
 @kaicole he told my tt i smoke but this nigga just told my mom lmao
 i stay having to smoke alone 
 wacky weed 
 cutlife color @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 i enjoy driving around at excessive speeds while music plays very loudly and im smoking aaa weed
 @brandonjenner she is cute as a button and growing like a weed. make sure to day hi to la la. 
 welp. lost my weed... can this day get any worse
 what happened to that video of my mom finding my weed boxers... i am distressed
 this durban poison is veeerryy 
 my nigga i lost some weed and i just have no clue where and when it happened within the last 15 min.
 if you think your addicted to weed ask yourself...if the blunt fell in the toilet would you still smoke it
 @itstomteamnow oh  amp apple wood for smoke.
 too much smoke around @uber for there not to be fire. anyone got a @lyft referral link 
 staying away from weed is hard but i manage
 all i smoke is gay
 when i was little my mom told me if i ever smoked weed i would die
 shouts to my weed man  always such a great assortment of flavors
 i stay having this dumb ass smoker cough
 @chocolatasha oh okay boo well me and jess down for smoke sess
 it would be nice to have a lil boo just to smoke with. 
 dad do you smell smoke  me no  dad oh must be the rubbing together of your legs.
 people who smoke weed have a competitive advantage at napping
 holy smokes  i miss them  anahiemroadshow 
 ian smokes. bajalife regatecs @ baja cove beach 
 daryl has watched smokey and the bandit before for sure. thewalkingdead twd 
 daryl has watched smokey and the bandit before for sure. thewalkingdead twd 
 @patrickruffini if you like ezra klein you might like the weeds. much more policy oriented but great discussions esp on healthcare
 stay tryna convince my mom to smoke some weed
 noticed when ion smoke for a long time i really start to trip out
 @thewalkingdead i see your smokey and the bandit callout this episode  
 i smoke bomb weed tweet a palm tree. 
 thewalkingdead hah this was great smokey and the bandit remains 
 @amctalkingdead is it just me or was that trailer from smokey and the bandit that daryl was fighting behind
 homeland  kind of clears the smoke from the eyes  real crazy this makes you look at both sides of the political football  she opener
 @thewalkingdead @amctalkingdead @robertkirkman  was that the smokey and the bandit trailer twd thewalkingdead
 i smoked weed with john hopkins
 im thinking toooo much.  time to smoke 
 in conclusion  all dads smoke weed
 @amctalkingdead i liked the trailer from smokey and the bandit in the scene where daryl fights the guy from the kingdom 
 well... at least our waiter was cool the out of food part though...  @ salt  smoke  @saltandsmokestl 
 where theres smoke  theres fire the clinton foundation  a nonprofit sham of a sham. 
 so damn geeked forgot we was smoking a blunt and somebody was in the back seat smoking it was they smoke that had me tripping
 cube look like that teacher that will find yo weed smoke it and tell you how trash it was the next day 
 @nypd26pct i see the same people smoking crack on acp daily. one man  the same man i saw tonight  smoked on the train from 110th to 42nd
 @kevinishistory lol it was a long time ago  we sat there because the smoke from the supporters section triggered her asthma
 come smoke a blunt with the newly single 6 speed
 i have 15 mins before my train leaves should i be sketch and smoke in the underpass before i get on the train
 i remember in high school we smoked a quad for 420 amp we thought it was so much weed lol
 driving around   who wants to smoke
 @thegatorgamer @x05org @dloesch  alrighty milo is covering his roots in practice. amp the pot smokers are.... acting like they are on pot.
 coach mandy rocking it for smoke in the locker room at jamz nationals in las vegas proud2boc 
 lets smokeeeee
 just smoke the night away
 me the day after i said i wasnt going to smoke anymore 
 perfect time to smoke
 pop upmeet amp greet in sf at smokeshoponhaight @mollytreyways @thatdude415  bestoneproductions 
 my sister was just scared as shit and now she said im finna smoke and go to sleep
 and smoke the night away.
 only in long beach will 40 year old women smoke bowls without  a care in the middle of the west end
 debating on going out to smoke rn or not
 i dont smoke pot. i was asking for shrooms  or ecstasy  or even blow...if anyone wants to trade out dougstanhope
 i didnt smoke alllllllll day 
 alex asked me lets go smoke later and shes over here fucking snoring her life away 
 the weed be letting you know 
 who up say yup  i got a lotta weed
 nola niggas smoke dirt too beloved stay woke
 @prbonanza we wont have no smoke if you stay away from my locals cuz.
 i dont smoke phillies im a swisher man
 i legit stay in all day and smoke
 holyyyyyy smokesssss this was me 
 slowly but surely making some headway when retirement comes with a daily dose of cannabis 
 @indibud its was arddd i already had weed so i wasnt worried about it lol
 he wasnt smoking marijuana
 when retirement comes with a daily dose of cannabis   use for neuropathic pain but often overused
 @thatjaybartow @andygrazsny @finyank13 @thephinsider tumsil is going to be a stud... especially if the nflpa gets the weed test removed.
 news george washington created the first propaganda statement has a young hemp farmer his dad told him not to smoke hemp however one day
 i remember i use to smoke my pain away
 i just dropped my sisters bowl and all the weed i had packed inside it fell under my bed somewhere 
 i wish my mom smoked tho 
 nba trade rumors ltltlt  celtics sint gon do nothing. just smoke in the air.... 
 prerequisite to dine at my job...  1. u must reek of weed. reek 2. necessary levels of ratchet. 3. 2.25 tip on a 50.tab under 10 tips.
 @r0man1o1 but my weed is high school was always a1. now its all midgrades..... 
 features from smoke dza  harry fraud  sonny digital  polyester the saint  don cannon  g perico
 ugh i wish my mom smoked weed instead of boges but she refuses 
 @meannnasss you was damn near was scared of that smoke but that mf is pullin
 dear ginger dad with a portly wife and black nanny  take your cigar and its vulgar smoke away from me and your child and fuck right off.
 hope this marijuana doesnt show up in this blood test results that are getting sent to my mom 
 i just found some weed that i swore i lost todays beautiful already
 o hey hows ur day  mine mines great i just found some fuckin long lost weed
 my sister bought weed for me  but then gone say you cant smoke it without me. but didnt you buy it for me
 @poudrefire @chriscbs4  large smoke plume near johnstown any info
 woke up too my neighbors smoke detector going off 
 got this one in arizona  smokes that california  i told her baby stay in school need them degrees and diplomas
 another perfect day in the burbs. nofilter blueskies beach beachlife @ weed beach 
 amongst weeds can be beauty if you look for it. @ edwards homestead 
 nice  rainy amp breezy day. the hot tub is feeling good after the cannabis butter.   guess its 
 since my mom started working in the same facility as me again  shes been comin in clutch w the food after my smoke breaks
 what weedman lmaoooooooooo
 i miss pepsi and weed so much lmfao
 refuges no marijuana train yes 
 the weight that i gained postpartum happened long before i used cannabis heavily 20142015 amp was due to postpartum mental health issues
 before presidentsday there was thanksgiving and weed was legal then.  georgewashington liked it. retweet if you d 
 @cannabisbiznews weed is miles safer than beer .. so any drunk criticising weed should just stfu ..
 am i supposed to be impressed by your weed fam........ 
 @maryismail5 @nytimes  nah  i didnt miss it.  i just dont like vague assimilation requirement.  its a smoke screen for racists.
 the weed gods blessed me i found a blunt in my bed rail
 ghostd out i got the power  issue resolved   i smoke em away.
 adrians dad calls weed wacky tobaccy
 i was just playing  going back home where we will chain smoke...
 when the trade smokes you out but you only came for the weed amp a joyride  
 i dont smoke but that shirt that was given to me from the clinic is hard af
 i remember once smoking w my roommies they kept talking about getting the cookies and i was excited to eat some but it was more weed 
 vlade divac looks like a guy who has smoked a pack a day for decades. wait...
 @grubie i def live the la healthy lifestyle fresh juice in the morning  yoga in the afternoon  then prescription drugs and weed at night.
 getting cozy with @superegoworld check out their online store for the best and softest hemp 
 plz tell me why some dude came up to lauren and i at chipotle asking if we had weed and then 2 secs later told us we should smoke weed
 off early time for a victory smoke away
 yaever smoked yaself into the next day  ...yup
 day 9 kept 54 in my pocket so far by not buying smokes.  yeah  baby icanbreathe
 who in la would be down for a sunset smoke weed marijuana losangeles 420  
 i just watched a guy get out of his suv in full traffic  then just hung out and had a smoke. then just drove away r 
 like i almost took a job trimming weed in cali this summer which is mad  but i didnt bc i was like... my mom would kill me if i wasnt in
 this aint la weed  this shit came from texas
 just realized im not driving to atlanta so i might be weedless for like 34 days. i cant be.
 @barstoolsports stay off the weed
 dessipoo tapped out saturday night and was scared to smoke again lastnight  deadly
 note to self smoke less amp meditate more
 @finest4 although i got the clinic weed here in cali  i just wanna smoke what he smoking cause this man is trippin
 i just had my weed jar all out amp about on my counteramp im happy asf my dad didnt notice lmao
 i had a dream i had my own spot in atlanta i was happy af lmao thots every week weed liquor til i woke up and realized im in toledo
 lmfaoo my mom doesnt even smoke and that girl just told me she needs a blunt.. wild mom
 where can you find info on cannabis in ny at our next event on 228630pm at 1250 broadway wearecannaculture 
 kelsey just told her dad to smoke dick 
 i kinda miss the days where i felt like a bad ass hiding alcohol  tobacco  and weed from my parents lmao
 our weeds are blooming  butterflies all around  is winter over in texas took this photo a few 
 damn what in this weed happiest evahh all know me wish b where im at yup
 you know if you smoke raw spaghetti its supposed to be bad for youamrit zambino perera
 mom you just smoked didnt you                                              me 
 ugh i  my weed guy
 my parents were acting weird the past hour bc they saw the tabs open on my laptop about marijuana   theyaskedifiwasok imworkingonaproject
 smell som1 cookin spaghetti in hallway ... so that means they can smell when i smoke weed all day.. 
 you were something  until you graduated and threw your life away and just smoked weed everyday
 @beautifuibuds @bigbluntnet if i smoked weed   that would appear to be a healthy crop.
 found like the perfect spot to smoke on campus and its great
 this lady gave me 20 bc i told her she could smoke outside and she told me i was precious 
 woke up this morning  ate a handful of weed gummy bears  fell back asleep amp woke up at 420pm all like  damn  there is a ja... praise ja
 @pfentonhughes couldnt help but notice they use fresh bong water in the hemp ale.not sure if im impressed or relieved alternativebeer
 nationalloveyourpetday i miss u sm smoke  
 debating on if i should cop some weed or just wait til tmrw
 i used to smoke pot with john hopkins
 wishing i was on a beach in cali with @eeneranna again contemplating if we should take her to the hospital or smoke another beezy 
 i love it when i can buy taramasalata  goya discos and smoked sable all at the same grocery store. @jonsmarketplace rocks
 @characarbone yup  plus the marijuana
 yo. leahs grandma has a smoked out voice box. leah  who you textin i said. whose grandaddy is that until i looked at the tv lol
 @justlovinglex breh. i was froze man. they got me with that shit. the smoke dog has met his match
 i dont smoke onion i smoke cali.
 if weed does this to you get the fuck away from me  
 so is weed legalize in houston or ...
 wont kill ya but i wouldnt do it. my buddy only did 2 marijuanas  woke up the next morning and he had turned gay 
 @oreillyfactor dont invite austin goolsby back hes so left and not honest stop blowing smoke up everyones ass
 la   because weed is legal 
 i told my mom that i went to formar and she was like isnt that where everyone goes to smoke and i was just like 
 i stay losing my weed 
 cj do you think donald trump smokes weed me no. cj do you think thats what his problem is..   
 lmfao @ anyone pumping any other medical cannabis play than owcp just saw someone pump another ticker said dont know what owcp has  
 oh chin thought you smoked no no no hell no i can not smoke for shit i take a hit im a damn zombie in a coma i am the worst jamaican
 jadas little sisters is begging her mom to  try the weed 
 apparently every female smokes weed 
 they said that we couldnt smoke in this bitch we fucked around and still rolled up
 when your hubby gets your favorite weed and finds your favorite swisher sweet  caramelpeach girlscoutcookies 
 only thing i miss about pv is the random smoke sessions any time of the night
 i heard @tnickaaa smokes mids 
 @tnickaaa lmao i only smoke jet fuel nigga gas is over rated by people who try to sell mids for the price of loud 
 roll up and smoke my sins away
 check me into rehab the day i smoke out of a fruit... lmaoo
 that train was driving me nuts dick weed the neighbors im sure were also annoyed
 tbt when everyone thought i was suing the school bc of my broken hand  skipping class to smoke  being white asf  an 
 amp myself on more than occasion grover said his hero adolf hitler did not smoke enough fcking jews when he had the opportunity. i...
 west coast  cali love  you can have it all palm trees  bomb weed  whatever you want 
 @jhey0019 @tengop thats possible. tell us whats really going on. where theres smoke there is usually fire.
 i should probably smoke more weed. insomnia has ruled my life for way too long
 smoking weed until 1000 definitely. 
 i knew i shoulda smoked before i came to school 
 told myself i wasnt going to wear eyeshadow today does a dark smokey eye oops...
 i had a dream last week one of my cousins was smoking weed with his friends 2 days later he was on punishment for smoking weed 
 i do miss it bc i have no one to copy homework from and no one to smoke with after class 
 nah it was madddddd hard  we were gonna smoke before to thank god we didnt 
 i straight up just told my mom i might as well move to colorado to sell weed where its legal.
 and everybody kept trying to force me to smoke it. we will tell you the truth but only if u smoke weed bullshit
 i should sue my weed man for selling me this boo
 we not white  but i do smoke with my moms 
 live in the @hempnerd production facility  making hemp soap with real hemp leaves in it 
 im marrying my weed man.  
 i told him i didnt want weed then this nigga tells me okay then get dressed so we can go to the movies 
 weed bar la a cannabis concierge for private events  tuesdaymotivation @smartycatg @ireadculture @hightimesmag
 tns @robertwhitedc for centering racial justice in dcs growing medical marijuana sector. ward7 amp eotr residents where i live need this.
 tnx @robertwhitedc for centering racial justice in dcs growing medical marijuana sector. ward7 amp eotr residents where i live need this.
 i knew it its cheap  thanks obama  and 2 gallons cost less than his pack of smokes. find him today at any 
 niggas told me soulja didnt want no smoke but chris brown is the one thats duckin da fade.  
 you cant see it much  but this truck has hella smoke blowing off it. definitely blowing his 
 i accidentally texted my mom and said we are bringing a lot of weed
 you can smoke as long as you get the blunts in undetected. thats what i did at the logic concert 
 smokes smokes poutinerie is leaving pawn plaza and planning 3 new las vegas locations 
  ...without my cannabis i need more opioids not less. however  no painkillers for weed smokers  so theres that.
 our bloody durban poison phenotype will be sure to please  a female from seed whose 
 the struggle of wanting to smoke but no one havin weed 
 las vegas always remindsshocks me how many people still smoke 
 our bloody durban poison phenotype will be sure to please  a female from seed whose 
 @csydelko we should dress like aliens smoke weed and do runyon canon when im in la
 @lavishpng you ran up to my car acting like  a groupie saying we needed to smoke
 i smoked a cigarette to see what my mommie would do she didnt care lalak
 im talking about im hung over asf man.... butttttt im about to smoke my after noon piece   grab me a red bull and get to it tf.
 i used to smoke at work
 grabbed the draco and smoke his ass 
 nigga was ganged up the night before klassic died   6 different sets clicked up   smoked out..fuck i miss my nigga.
 name one nigga who doesnt smoke  doesnt rap  stays outta the mix  and chases a check 
 i fuck my hoe and smoke some more until my pain until my pain heal..
 i dont smoke blunts back to back unless im stressed now.... used to do it just because i could lmao
 betta stop playing for she get her nigga smoked  
 bio professor who all has heard of johns hopkins before  me i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 why isnt recreational marijuana legal in las vegas is it not sinful enough for the city of sin 
 btw my first pub speaking speech is on how to do a basic smokey eye. so totally comfortable with it.
 stick around just like cigarette smoke like a dream i fell asleep but i never woke
 interesting compair and contrast of prohibition of alcohol vs. marijuana legality 
 aint nobody holding weed smoke in for 60 seconds stfu
 niggas passing faster than im passing weed
 excuse me sir  is that reefer youre smoking
 i know weed dispensaries arent going to be a thing in dc as long as trumps around but stillllllllllllllll
 waiting till things go wrong to have retro is like waiting for your house to be on fire to install smoke detectors. @madtypist @theleaddev
 told my doc that weed helps my tummy amp he said im not telling you to keep it up but im not telling you to stop either.
 @hennigracing heading to hempstead realized he would be safe once he reached your home
 excuse while i smoke this blunt in private. 
 the netherlands allows for marijuana to be grown.  huge increase in searches for travel to... where is holland again
 i just want to smoke my life away today. today is just one of those days. 
 our preschool had smokey the bear out today. he and i got a chance to talk. @ calvary chapel 
 my mom is going away and i know shes about to hit me with the dont smoke weed while im gone bullshit ass speech
 my mom really thought that i went to buy weed 
 @markbaden if this pic didnt have a caption  id totally think it was smoke. great capture
 i remember when i was 15 i used to sell weed to this 30 year old who told me his name was elvis. 7 years later the niggas name is donald
 my dads friend is over amp he told me that the cats tried to steal the weed out of his pocket 
 whenever i have a bad day my mom picks me up and smokes a cigarette with me and i appreciate it dearly
 its okay to smoke here and there. but when weed is more important than the people that care abt you its time to stop.
 you know all the different brands of weed
 me and miss frizzle smoke herb together. shes cool
 losing weed 
 i forgot who told me weed was illegal because it cant be taxed  but i stopped listening right there lol. why couldnt it be taxed
 as my mom dropped me off at the airport she warned me that aids is on the rise amp so is fake weed. staywoke my friends  stay woke.
 look  im no expert  but one of these moms in the karate waiting room has to have weed in her purse.
 just tapped our beer manager stephen just tapped wicked weed basic white bier. this is a 5.5 
 this bears shouting from the rafters.   check your damn smoke alarm. do it right now  theres no excuse for thi 
 dude told me put the smoke down and hit the iron 
 @alisontheperson smoked salmon always. want anything from la
 twp 24 hemp field  24. 134 to go till half..twp now at 26
 my dad came over and i didnt hide my weed tray hehe small gainz
 waiting 2 smoke this joint
 twp inside game hurting hemp...hemp field  hitting some 3s
 smoke weed everyday and it will be okay
 lady at the smoke shop told me she doesnt like the foo fighters... we were cool but now we aint
 spring is right around the corner amp we have our sage amp durban poison series cubes for 10. see stores for details. 
 @mcdermf17 that was some cali weed  may have to bring it back if i can find it
 i wish cali had legal weed 
 i liked a @youtube video from @smokeydogg777  smokeydogg live
 so apparently to my mom im a smoker  an alcoholic  a thief and a liar. 
 oh i got fire weed and anything you need but i can pay one of my dudes back when he paid for his whole trip to las vegas. bum ass nigga
 oh i got fire weed and anything you need but i cant pay one of my dudes back when he paid for his whole trip to las vegas. bum ass nigga
 bruh i told my mom that weed helps you sleep and she said she wants to see for herself if its true
 my dads watching cops amp they just pulled over someone for weed amp my dad goes ooh youre really taking a bite out of crime.
 u smoke too much stfu
 i didnt know you were still allowed to smoke in vegas casinos.  disgusting  as most people have to walk through them to get somewhere.
 @kailarodriguez8 i think the only thing i prefer is legal weed and a beach and maybe a nice amusement parkweather but ep dont got it 
 okay  home now. finna take my normal meds  then smoke one of these joints after checking it out. if i tweet after  it wasnt dmt laced. haha
 dad blunts are a waste of weed  smoke joints
 why you think all that weed stays in colorado 
 the amount of free weed ive gotten down here is glorious
 i think its ridiculous that i havent found a weed man in atlanta yet
 no more weed for me after today for a long while.
 maxine waters is not playing around. holy smoke maxine for president 
 i literally just left the house and told my little sister im going to go smoke in my truck and she texts me and asks where am i
 my anxiety is through the roof my aunt rolled me a blunt and told me to smoke it  like as if i wasnt going to anyways
 just watched my sister on a live video smoke a blunt awesome
 the way to my heart is definitely a perfectly smoked brisket
 @sarahmcpants thats because people who smoke outside still smoke inside when they think they can get away with it
 my fam amp i are drinking and talking about weed and my dad says green is life lmao okay dad we get it you smoke 
 i remember when i used to smoke for fun  now my grown ass needs it lol
 i told my sister maybe you should stop smoking weed because it obviously you are very high strung and it opposite effect on you
 one of the last times i smoked some guy was tryna talk to me at a function and i was literally like im too high and turned around lmao
 i was like i dont smoke everyone thinks i do because of how laid back i am but it is obviously making her crazy
 when it comes to weed i have bad luck.. the other day this girl threw my blunt away on accident 
 i just wanna cruise and smoke but i am always the nigga driving 
 dont get angry when my mom smokes pot
 im not throwing away all that weed
 first thing im doing when i get back is smoke a blunt with my two favorite boys bc i miss them amp our smoke sessions 
 i feel like maya is attacking me. making me forget lord nityananda. not chanting japa. and ganja dont seem to mean nothing no more.
 i told my family i was never going to smoke weed and now look at me
 i know they didnt just throw a damn smoke bomb and these idiots ran straight into it instead of away 
 listen to how tired i am. my dumb a just fell asleep while cooking and when the loud smoke alarm went off i woke up and touched the
 honestly starting to lean more towards using weed to alleviate my arthritis pain cuz i is tyed.
 so  a couple of my housemates smoke and one of them has a habit of leaving partially smoked cigarettes on her dresser because she doesnt
 my point is that she leaves partially smoked cigs on her dresser and they stink you can smell them through the whole room and i think
 on facebook  digital smoke signals is live broadcasting from standing rock. bear witness.
 just smoke break  bae aint giving it up tonight  
 jemele  thats just the tip of the iceberg....google @wesleymuhammad and check out the plot with marijuana...you can 
 waiting all that time for that weed was worth it  25 for the kd.
 here is where we will be filming at tomorrow in lasvegas feb 22nd oasis medical cannabis  1800 s industrial rd 1 
 @teamramirez98 tell her to keep fighting. fresh pineapple  ginger root and high cbd cannabis oil help to ease nerve pain.
 lmaooo my friend and i smoked with her mom and she got so high she thought she was gonna die
 @duchesssmoker if they were annoyed  it would be due to the annoying smell of smoke  not the stigma
 woke up just to smoke 
 my brother said my dad threw away 500 worth of his weed  like he dontttttt care at all 
 is james okeefe about to smoke cnn  
 s james okeefe about to smoke cnn tells hannity hes set to release hundreds of hours of newsroom footage wikileaks style.  goo james
 @nationalpost 10 willing doctors says the college of physicians have a big problem time to weed out  manipulate doctors
 if you smoke in a brand new benz you deserve to have your ass kicked
 when your mom bribes you with weed 
 she threw some smoke at first doe  
 i didnt really smoke. but oh well
 the second that music started amp they threw the smoke bombs  i lost it.  ive never been this happy in my life.  can 
 more like 1. likes me 2. doesnt smoke 3. kinda cute 4. doesnt care for fancy restaurants  5. plays ps4 
 fire and smoke.. ibelieveinfilm with @zoemarie   wethemark instagram thecreatorclass 
 @thesteveslater texas smoke hopkins  i have issues with my name...
 @meritormyth thanks for the follow  would guys be interested in following our soil journey when we plant industrial hemp for the first time
 tellasadstoryin3words weeds illegal ...texas  
 this one girl in my spanish class smoked crack and these other two girls dropped acid before class so yeah i love taft
 head fulla smoke  body full of ink  pour it till its pink
 i need a cocoa baby for a smokey eye this week. if interested  all info is in my bio. no deposit 
 paulina is in the back of the room and  ft me just to ask me if i want to smoke later ...
 the charter guy told my mom i was smoking weed in my room 
 why is it only 911 lol im waiting for the weed shop to open.
 from what ive seen  aaron doesnt smoke  he flicks  communitypolicing staycommitted @ 
 @cambrrghinihigh its ok bc when they leave i blast nectar and caspa and aw and smoke weed in the back 
 i miss the other night where we all went smoking on lake shore drive and smoked on the beach
 who in la whats good someone smoke this 150 thai stick with me
 he fell in love with me because every song i played was new to him and my weed was dank
 everytime i got a new weedman in atlanta they always tryna short me
 less smoke  more gym
 the weed fell  tellasadstoryin3words 
 they smoked me out in less than 5 minutes. i couldnt physically do it 
 complaints about the marijuana ordinance passed in nashville for nashville by people who live outside of nashville. @daverosenbergtn
 complaints about the marijuana ordinancepassed in nashville for nashvilleby people who live outside of nashville. @daverosenbergtn
 crazy amount of smoke. great pics @tomrodgersnews but stay safe 
 my mom caught me so much i just said fuck it mom i smoke
 it appears im no expert that plausible deniability has gone up in smoke. it also appears there are many traitors 
 just told my mom i smoked. i still have a mom 
 cali weed blowing like a rastaman 
 tellasadstoryin3words out of weed 
 is it ok to smoke pot with your kid   pot marijuana mom dad family smoking 
 not going to happen. fertilizer is salt destroying soil life causing weeds to grow n compaction..stanglsdifference 
 the only thing stopping me from getting this is the fact i might not want to smoke a blunt for this long lol high a 
 my mom was totally for marijuana until i got arrested now shes like stay away from them drugs....  thats how you know you fucked up
 who wants to drive around  blast music  and smoke some beezys
 afternoon smoke nowsmoking @ajfcigars @ barrister cigars 
 im at ivy city smokehouse in washington  dc  
 when you waiting for the weed man to come out after you just told him you was pullin up. 
 i can tell a lot by what brand she smokes and i can tell more by what stain she leaves behind on the filter
 we wasnt suppose to even smoke 
 just told my mom ive been plotting to smoke with her since i was 16 
 going to vegas next weekend for the cannabis cup woooooo 
 no more weed tellasadstoryin3words 
 i always took health for granted until my mom met a lady who has hereditary lung problems and has never smoked a day in her life.
 waiting for sha so we can smoke up 
 yall shes lying acting like she wasnt sweating after she popped 2 mollys and smoked 5 blunts 
 i just love almost getting smoked walking in the crosswalk in charleston where i have the right of way. seriously gbto asshats
 pro tip guys in bedazzled tapout shirts that wear hemp necklaces dont pay child support
 out of weed  tellasadstoryin3words
 youre letting the smoke out chris 
 sorta considering getting a medical marijuana card for an actual chronic condition but whats the point
 dropped the weed tellasadstoryin3words
 tellasadstoryin3words the weed fell
 its my mom bday and @itsmsanii joint. ima smoke one for the february pisces
 made me realize how much weed  gay pride paraphernalia i have around my room
 4 days without the ganja
 fire and smoke.. ibelieveinfilm with mystcuriosity   wethemark instagram thecreatorclass 
 can someone tell me why keyahnah always has to tell her mom shes smoking weed every time shes with me
 perfect day to smoke
 i can see the protest camp fires 20 miles away. thick black smoke. what a bunch of polluting assholes.
 i always think of i where to get a qp would i smoke it or flip it 
 i am watching smokey and the bandit. i really think beckie and williams are socialist and part of the problem. neit 
 im just waiting to be off work so i can smoke
 @rayz2cents with a terminal illness  cannabis is the only thing that helps with nausea and pain  other than narcotics  which i hate taking
 i just fainted in the house and bc i just smoked and hit the dab pen and drinking we all thought it was funny 
 shopping at costco with mom. mom i cant wait til costco starts selling bags of weed. me too mom. me too. lol
 mom i only smoke weed not cigarette 
 just follow the smoke and smell of burning garbage. you should find part of it. 
 @nickymcmonacman thats what my mom smokes lmao
 today has felt like running a marathon while being an out of shape smoker and having no clue of how far away the finish line is.
 james harrison was just sitting next to colie and i at smokey bones    pittsburghsteelers
 stfu and smoke a blunt you bum ass bitch
 @maloreyjean @jcyrus now were going to annoy the entire wedding party screaming i smoked weed out of an apple and made my friend eat it
 tellasadstoryin3words out of weed.
 i miss when my neighbors used to sell me weed 
 its fulla weed  
 @itsjerm @shakawulu cali  michigan  oregon  washington  rhode island surprisingly. they stay winning all the cannabis cups.
 sitting in traffic and catching a contact buzz from weed wafting out of nearby cars.
 @tomilahren up to states just like weed
 n i live with a guy who smoke erryday.. proud a maself 
 lost my weed tellasadstoryin3words
 james harrison was in smokey bones and no one noticed him hes slick
 im at the cannabis chapel   getting this info
 my mom said i should stop smoking the weeds. how about no sonja.
 idk why i didnt grab some smoke when i was just out  got my subway tho 
 i cant workshop stories about smoking weed i get too anxious
 i just need some weed to ease my mind 
 @akechetathorp @lawlesspirate @foxnews smoke more weed  wasnt my point. you excuse people for destroying enviro  trash is good
 would literally trade sex for some weed rn
 just patiently waiting till the day this happens with marijuana on 420 
 today somebody smelled like weed in my family law class but its funny because almost all of my classmates are mature  professional women
 thats definitely not all his weed 
 cruxcigars limitada pb5. enjoyed my afternoon smoke today. indulgeyourself gocruxyourself 
 again someone smoking weed in the bathroom on this train. life is full of undesirably dank surprises
 ive learned that lost people dont smoke just for the fun of it 
 chatting up mohsin hamids moth smoke at the bsfbookclub with our lovely host aparitab  cozy 
 @syrbasketball smokes @dukembb as johnnyg lights it up from 3. long. long trip back to tobacco road for the boys 
 spaghetti with hot italian sausage and smoked mozz.... 
 part of my day where i smoke till im stiff
 meanwhile @rileygransbery my little sister stays home from school atleast once a week.. and smokes cigs in the house
 debating if i should smoke or not 
 heyyyy you guys mind if i go in the bathroom and smoke some pcp
 nigga really been taking nibbles off my weed
 i need a weed brownie for this pain
 @politico i tire of smoke and mirrors. taylor deflects  isolates descent through intimidation and walks away without hearing from anyone.
 i am living proof that you can do hard drugs  smoke  and drink 247 and still excel in school 
 las vegas marijuana expo loses name over differing vision with parent group 
 las vegas marijuana expo loses name over differing vision with parent group 
 las vegas marijuana expo loses name over differing vision with parent group 
 think my mom tryna tell me she wan smoke w me lmao
 i wish i would have gotten snacks and smokes before the debate started  but im lazy.
 im gunna smoke all my problems away
 i said to my dad i like extra chocolate chunk in my brownies he said he liked reefer i hate him ...
 im in trouble im an addict im addicted to this weed
 @tomilahren @faithwirenews this is what happens when you take to much money from earners amp give it to underachieving pot smoken freeloaders
 i just realized my grandma lives on high st. and i live in weed rd.  how tf did that happen
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 psa theres a medical marijuana dispensary in south beach
 we smoke a lotta weed
 i couldnt smoke cigarettes.
 in 10th grade i was brought into the principles office bc someone told mr. wilson i was selling marijuana on campus 
 now i see why people smoke a drink they pain away 
 bc we have both now said goodbye to our toxic exs that stayed around too long. throwback to smoke nights in high sc 
 my sight gets so blurry when i smoke 
 shes waiting in line to get her weed  
 hitting up the weed man tomorrow
 all the weed mans probably lost they business today 
 when are they going to legalize marijuana in fucking texas man 
 yea i used to smoke crack with her mom
 considering making a twitter dedicated to weed
 my dad said sumthin thats always stuck w me i drank a lot and i smoked a lot  amp by the end of it all i didnt have much to show for it
 my dad said sumthin thats always stuck w me i drank a lot and i smoked a lot  amp by the end of it all i didnt have much to show for it
 my mom legit found a weed container i had thrown away  how tf
 man my first two months in vegas  i was oovooing people from nola  listen to q93 on satellite but that weed kept me from being home sick
 @kingmarliedave going on smoke and a drink break.
 my mom found out i smoked weed. she asked if i was going to stop and i said no you know  like a liar lol
 cnn begs please dont believe anything james okeefe says if they get smoked...   
 i smoked with my mom and my best friends mom all in one day and i feel so fucking content with my life
 @bostonherald definitely the marijuana. not the pcp use or gangaffiliation.
 juggin and finnesin had to play it raw smoking weed dodging feds cause my head hard 
 i miss my old post man  oz  who was always hungover from drinking 2 much hennessy amp would smoke weed w us
 @sbirbot nutritional supplementation  vitamins  minerals  and researchstudy opportunities in vitamin d and cannabis. thanks
 dean trew @dbtwesa led dml with 297  @turnercurtis 295  tom benedict @t2905navy 291  dan francis 289 amp fritz hempelmann 284
 if you ask a old head what the weed was like back then compared to now   theyll say that we smoke  super weed 
 bitchhhh so we dont miss school to smoke gass at my house  
 lost my weed 
 mom making weed jokes lol 
 @ja155 i used to drive a guy home from work at my high school job. he didnt have a car but he also spent 11 a day on his smokes.
 my dad was an addict  drunk when i was young and would sleep the entire time he had me. i tried to smoke cigarette 
 i always fell the 3 hs when i smoke weed. high hornyamp hungry af. 
 up in smoke is a bop
 mf move fast af when weed involved but business needs to get handled they taking they time
 @gsawision @normlcwa @forbes but tobacco kills and marijuana has never killed anyone.
 this is why i smoke so much weed. the feds n the court system be havin me fucked up man. once all this shit is done im stayin out of trouble
 @camdencountypd has not answered our request for information on arrest for small amount of cannabis possession. can you help us
 medical marijuana debate hits closer to home for some 
 @thatboyburks bc you smoke crack
 people passing faster than i pass the weed.
 who the hell would want to associate their brand with a dumpster fire of a system maybe kidde smoke detector metro 
 as a kid i always pretended to be biletnikoff...although i didnt smoke i too was slow...but couldnt catch worth 
 time to smoke this hangover away 
 well  someone is definitely smoking marijuana on the @cta and its not me. im going to have an interesting workout after this trip.
 my memory is so bad  weed has betrayed me 
 why is city of miami still debating the legality of medical marijuana in florida 
 need to smoke before i explode
 lmao my moms didnt know i smoked until i went to college and had a run in with the laws 
 that cali weed aint no joke 
 if i wasnt going to school for uas  i would be going to learn how to extract thc out of marijuana 
 wish my mom would ask to smoke wit me. lol that would live af
 telling my mom that i used to smoke weed like a chimney is so relieving
 i get more stressed when i have a low amount of weed rather than none. 
 numb the pain by sipping lean and blowing weed when stressing 
 @cannabisseller1 will trade breathtaking imagery of weed  for weed 
 all i rlly have is weed
 tb to when @theelib amp @javiebarrr mom did this when they found your weed  
 i dont see no knicks trade at all. they just blowing smoke 
 to all my professional weed heads  is this shit okay 
 i told myself i would smoke till friday night  i betrayed myself 
 @jadubin5 @steventurous not willing to part w the smoke monster. too much an integral part of the denver brand. how about blue demon horse
 my mom was like dam you smoke the strongest brand marlboro but im done smoking cigarettes saturday
 my mom always told me weed would lead to other drugs and ive seen it happen but im cool wit jus rolling up
 i havent lied for 6 years now. even when i did  it was about stuff like  no  i did not smoke weed or drink alcohol when i was told not to.
 i really just want to smoke before this long ass trip 
 true life goals would be to smoke a blunt with @nickcolletti and the crew
 seen a guy in manteca with a sign that said need weed. needless to say  i shot him 10 bucks. forthehomie
 perfect day to chill in the park amp smoke 
 my mom says im a chronic smoker .
 spicer taking medical and recreational marijuana during press conference imallears
 breaking news spicer just said dept. of justice coming after states with recreational marijuana
 spicer just compared legalized recreation marijuana to the opiod epidemic.
 i hope @mayorbowser amp the dc council protects dc residents in regards to our  marijuana laws.
 rep. elizabeth may starts testimony saying industrial hemp was around long before christ sdleg
 minutes later  spicer exclaims support for states rights. contradicting the position regarding recreational marijuana.
 rt if you got a private marijuana fund
 @alexmleo i am willing to bet almost anything that legalizing weed would reduce violent crime
 getting swallowed in reefer clouds and lost thoughts.
 yeah  that seattle has really become a crime ridden city with legalized weed  
 i remember when i use to smoke that la chronic
 justfacethedamnfacts that your always going be in the weeds   serverlife 
 justfacethedamnfacts you are always going be in the weeds serverlife intheweeds 
 hold your horses.  you know this will be forthcoming  likely in a day or 2.  where there is smoke  there is fire 
 i adopted mr. wookie and he was already mellow as fuck  so it is pretty easy to train him with stuff. if dogs smoked weed  hed be a stoner.
 so the federal government is pro private prisons and against weed legalization.   our prison overcrowding problem will continue
 sean spicer compared recreational marijuana to opioid abuse and then implied that the doj will be looking jnto enforcement of fed laws
 do you have an instagram no i only smoke weed
 i need endless amounts of weed
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics 
 @dongoehubaire i did an entire marijuana once. now im gay amp addicted to heroin.
 yay some more. less legal weed more prisons. 
 eating fancy food off of a rock...surrounded by plants   by fancy i mean two pieces of radish smoked 
 hi. i said trump would start enforcing fed marijuana law  people said i was dumb amp hed never take our distractions. i was right  guys
 is it just me or is the anti legal weed and pro private prison positions of the wh proof of institutionalize racismkeeping gop in power
 dont take my weed boo 
 lmaooo this nigga sean spicer really just compared weed with the opioid epidemic this administration is a joke 
 sunshiny canyon. portland sun pnw igersportland streetview @ 4th avenue smoke shop 
 spicer went on to conflate recreational marijuana with opioids 
 @superduperhoopr it will be extremely flawed an high amount marijuana can stay ur in body long after being high
 @feelslike98 more private prisons and more marijuana law enforcement...this is going well
 judging....hard momcup cannabisculture vancouverevents skunkfunk @ cannabis culture 
 @washingtonpost next thing you know reefer madness will be hitting the cinemas  come to canada
 so far most of my experiences with d.c. cannabis businesses have not been smooth or professional. not yet a mature industry at all here 
 in a single day trans rights rolled back fallowed by opening the doors to private prisons and now going after states who legalized weed.
 amy lost her full ride bc she got caught doing weed smh 
 my mom said to stop being stingy with my weed amp give her greens bc my brother stresses her out lmfao
 i told my mom if she doesnt buy my boa constrictor im gonna purposely get pregnant  and she told me quit smoke that gas lmaooooo
 new maple  and sage breakfast  sausage smoked till perfect.  3 pack only 5.99 free 
 said it before plenty conservatives and libertarians looooove weed. if the racist elf tries making it 85 again  backlash is prebuilt.
 the justice department will crack down with greater enforcement of legalized marijuana  sean spicer said today 
 plz dont let the cheto man take away my weed 
 99 problems and they would all go away if weed was legal
 @shawnpmuth @dramaqkarri @bigbartsandwich @fox32news if by surly you mean they sigh deeply amp say aw man. wish i had weed. then sure
 amp all the weed was just thrown around like it wasnt nothing..sad story 
 i once saw a video where a bunch of guys were smokin and they blew smoke on this huge bug and then it died
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics 
 trying to say that marijuana falls into the same class of problems as opiates is just obsurb
 @ianxdavid crazy thing is my dad smoked em too. honest to god. the smell of them drives me nuts.
 @sfbart  whats the point of having an operator call system if when a homeless smokes on the train the operation doesnt do anything
 like they all told their story they looked at me and i said...i only smoke weed.... lmaoo the most aawwkkk shit ever
 tell your lunatic russian owned boss @seanspicer he will never take our weed.. .......now beat it    mom said your 
 i never had a problem getting weed before and i still wont. all this ban would do is give power back to mexican cartels. ironic  no
 not taking my rig to work with me smoking weed during work today has showed me that i should prob smoke a less... cause i need thc
 fly away trumpistas..... after hearing news @potus opposes marijuana legalization. liberty cannabis @chinamanblue 
 lol now that i think about it  i never had any bad experiences on weed besides like being pulled over by the boys.
 @warmcigarette im teaching my cigarette how to smoke cigarettes any tips pointers or tips and  point
 okay youre literally taking your toddler to a nola mardi gras parade so dont be surprised if i smoke around them....
 we got the living hell smoked out of us today by our sergeants. like the entire company. felt like i was back in basic training 
 @brittania @skikru i was gonna say polar bear but smoke monster works too
 or goes out for 50 smoke breaks complaing about how tired she is like who fault is that i could care less
 my mom knows that i smoke  but shes pretty chill about it
 why is a kid  mature enough to choose a gender  but not mature enough to vote  smoke  drive  drink amp join the army  stonewall
 summing up the day from the doj score one point for private prisons  sucks to be you marijuana industry.
 aint nothing like the weed to take the pain away 
 hella meant it when i told sam i was gonna smoke her out today  she thought i was playing 
 i lost the fucking weed 
 now hes going after weed
 my zoes smoke choppas n tote 30s .
 the gdfamsf smoke lounge is the perfect way to end the day. my kind of happy hour
 removal of divestment plan from private prisons and intention to crack down on marijuana shows you how much the doj values justice.
 life so stressful but aint that what weed and henny is for
 wasnt worth a chance in my book  itookthatl and smoked that shit 
 migos smoked him so no lies were told 
 now to smoke this blunt amp ease my mind 
 @realdonaldtrump now youve done it take away their medical is 1 thing take away their weed will cause a revolution 
 urgent care. i sound like a 50 year smoker and it hurts to coughhhh. help meeeee anyone up for a lung transplant
 in college i went through this phase where i smoked a cigarette a day and when mariah found out she was so mad  and she told augustin
 and then she told the cops i smoked weed lmao
 and the american altmarket for cannabis will be ecstatic while making things less affordable for medical users. 
 with cannabis spreading  debate on whether marijuana brands should be able to advertise their products  pharma
 i miss jaz amp weeda  need to see them.
 esp when its weed involved yall be trippin  remind me of the old lady from that madea movie..
 abt to smoke some
 in 8th grade i got 3 days of iss and my hallway hero shirt taken away for smoking weed out of my tenor saxophone an 
 who smoked more in the playing days  sheed or kg kgarea21
 my dad just told me to stay away from people that smoke and drink 
 this weed has me so toasted i can feel my teeth is that normal i dont remember
 i think i started a thing because everyone smokes around the gazebo now 
 i dont smoke but i knew this would come all the pot trumpets hes taking it away lol you bunch of idiots 
 @c0dyl3wis appreciate it a lot  i miss you much  smoke soon pretty please.
 whys it so hard to buy weed in naples theres nothing to do in naples but drugs
 i smoke all my problems away
 @emyoung97 @elijahmcnish72 ive smoked out of a deadly ass pop can. i think a little meat will be heavenly compared to that
 keith ellison has been smoking to much funny weed him an all the democrates are trying to get the cream pie off their face after there loss
 meatball ready for the smoker. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app stores  
 meatballs after some smoke. get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app stores  or 
 tomorrow is moving day and im anxious as hell. someone smoke me out lol
 if it wasnt for music n weed probably be in jail for murder or something rt now
 @lmacaulay is their opportunity here been demonized with the marijuana kind  not that anything wrong marijuana.httpst.comnlofkaoil
 made some apple crisp in the smoker get the free sauce shop app in the apple and android app 
 when my sister smokes in the house  
 psa fuck boys  smoke weed
 after a long day of premiers i like to smoke and catch flights  detroit detroitvseverybody 
 finally told my mom i smoke weed
 nojoke i give bacon flavoured cannabis oil to my dog for his arthritis. the pain meds make him itchy. 
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics 
 ready to be off and smoke a phat bowl wtf  beauty is pain
 has anyone tried the smoked butterscotch coffee at starbs replytweet
 sean spicer compared opioid addiction to recreational marijuana usage today.
 i got super fuckin lit with my mom and dad i just wished they smoked tree 
 so i told this chick id smoke her out if shes down and she accepted my offer... problem is i dont even smoke haha what do i do 
 i told my mom i wasnt gonna smoke annddd then she walked in on me cracking a dutch 
 apparently so many preppy people at my school smoke crack and i find it really funny
 smoking weed with your significant other is the perfect bonding experience   no fr . i think all couples should do it .
 if my dad didnt trip about smoke i would smoke in my house bc its cold outside. seriously debating it.
 whos upamp wants to smoke 
 was going to smoke on the porch when i got home from work but my mom was awake so now i have to wait to make sure shes asleep.
 why doesnt anyone sell weed in la
 sk8boti part 1  link in bio    @taksiboo   skatelife @ weed skatepark 
 the cannabis industry is over saturated in colorado but im not going to stop pushing to get employed.
 100 in la  backwood smoked now smokin a doobie
 pro tip the proverbial weeds which one gets lost in on tinder are basically all from new york. didimisssomething  peopleshopping
 @realdonaldtrump smokes mids
 pro tip dont share weed with republicans. 
 @time an underwater current millgenerator.. smoke up johnny. 
 this is why legalization without restorative justice is worthless. for most white people  weed is already legal  
 i know the big splashy shit is  trumps taking away weed.   but this man hates the press and what you stand for  lose a few clicks.
 america does not have a marijuana problem. america does not have an alcohol problem. america has a disease epidemic called addiction.
 .@realdonaldtrump smokes mids
 the stigmatization of marijuana was conjured up by nixon guys in the 60s as an excuse to jail black radicals. weed has never been a problem.
 lawmakers have been chosen to rewrite massachusetts marijuana laws cannabisnews  leaftopia 411on420
 @terrymosholder @politico i dont see why trump would have an interest  but sessions only problem with kkk was they smoked pot so...
 to smoke now  or later
 im surprised peta hasnt chastised you for letting the monkey  smoke 
 @nbcnews dont believe cgrps r better than cannabis in fighting migraines long term without bad side effectsadverse reactions . period
 @realdonaldtrump please talk to the founders and ceos of rec cannabis and visit the facilities. uwill see how harmless and profitable it is
 theres abt 67 events going on tonight  dont stay home insert smokeys its friday monologue 
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics 
 this kid may not talk much but he certainly has cheeeeeeeese down  @ smokehouse 
 this week  spicer indicated that new admin will enforce fed marijuana laws. @govofco talks marijuana success. potential issue for courts
 need a smoke.. urg so stressed rn
 all you talk about is alcohol amp weed  please just stfu.
 it sounded like a quiet swarm of bees  but mechanical. more like a bunch of weed whackers or a series of old electric fans.  scififri
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics 
 junior year i got 6 months alternative school bc apparently i smoked on school property and they found a knife in m 
 worked out with the man  the myth  and the legend. csm bowers @3bdecsm. tried to smoke him...didnt happen though@n 
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics  thiswillbefun
 @time and marijuana  according to spicer
 excuse me while i smoke this blunt in private
 i was so sick i couldnt even smoke... but now im about to roll a fattttyyy 
 8090 less weed seeds in field with oat cover crop  @cowbrough  less seeds good bye weeds 
 @realdonaldtrump come on man  dont take away the cannabis...
 smh my mom got a weed stash but she wont tell me where it is 
 @ohnohillno @dseaman @realdonaldtrump @danscavino @ivankatrump i know no one who smoke pot amp are addicted. if anything  it helps their pain
 remember guys conservatives amp liberals are pharmaceutical slaves. they hate marijuana because it hurts their man ma 
 take away peoples rights to smoke weed and an assassination attempt will happen
 my mom had to me see a shrink cuz i smoked pot as a kid so they attempt to fix my drug problem with drugs 
 shout out to imran from karachi who smokes weed but doesnt drink  drives for lyft  and has no interest in being my friend
 i just want to go to la for some weed edibles 
 @slate idea here...states with legal pot could have inmates at private prisons work in prison operated marijuana plots. no lost revenue. 
 @newsday spicer now everyone get out of here so i can smoke a dooby.
 nobody is stopping legal weed. the train is already on the track. the toothpaste is out the tube. the ink is dry  mufucka @potus.
 @ me ur fav bon iver song this is how i will weed out the fakes
 like holy shit taking a 5 day break from weed is going to be the death of me 
 like holy shit taking a 5 day break from weed is going to be the death of me 
 public service announcement  @yungmajorpayne   dont smoke mids @ palm beach county  florida 
 what made you fall in love with me you had the perfect playlist and you were so okay with me smoking so much weed
 i think its so funny when people try amp snitch amp tell my mom i smoke  plot twist she already knows
 @happeningnow first  spicer said they had no intention of doing anything about medical marijuana.
 if @potus @realdonaldtrump is going to be petty about marijuana in going to dc with a megaphone.
 i think the postman knows i smoke blunts bc he just dropped off candy 4 me.
 @dormpartyy i smoked pot with johnny hopkins
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics 
 @applepetpet les smoke crack
 my everyday work.  @bitcoin trading @incbitcoin corporation @bitcongress government @spacechainco aerospace @treesdelivery cannabis
 my dad just went into a canabis store and i had to stay outside in the cold becuase im not 21
 mom listens to iration... this makes me want to smoke pot and just chill
 no going back on cannabis never.   
 every mom yells at you like i was so worried about you.  but yet doesnt send you a text  call you  email you  send a smoke signal. yeesh
 .@madanabhat great thing we kept @sensanderss preferred candidate out of the white house  barely dodged federally legal weed. @joerogan
 @haaleezz jp tryna smoke when im off
 if you hate the smell of weed stay away
 has las vegas legalized marijuana asking for a friend...
 if it wasnt for weed
 jordyn wait  did you bring the weed me i may be losing my mind  but im never losing the weed.
 the repugs want to put more pot smokers and legal growers back in private prisons votersuppression
 headass at 15 i was smoking weed the fuck . i was not a normal girly girl.
 @nytimes going to renew my subscription.  keep up the good work. remember. where there is smoke there is fire truthwillprevail
 i hope the reported spicer comparison of cannabis marijuana to opiods is false news. if not spicer is an ignorant fool
 but my mom said if she finds out i smoke id get kicked out 
 and how did they come upon and access it to use for a reefer refuge 
 if my mom felt disappointed when she found out i smoked weed  idk how she would feel about knowing ive done yayyay 
 one quick week and we have some walls going up at the island smokehouse @kingsislandpr i can almost taste the pulle 
 my instagram pics of me at raves with my tongue out  videos of dope drops with smoke  and random selfies 
 i hate when weed mans take extra ass long
 video alert  @rellyashbash the best smoke directed by @comptonrida1   
 i need a job where i can take my dog and smoke cigars at the office willing to relocate repomandemands
 my dads brother just told me that he was selling kilos when they were my ago  and my dad thats im bad for fucking with weed
 i knew my child was going to smoke this weekend  so i made sure to prepare  myself when i see her do it  my moms conversation 
 breaking my silence to announce that i successfully rolled and smoked my first j. ok see ya later
 im 24 and just found out that sean paul was talking about smoking weed in his song we be burning 
 @wonderingmind we uhh... we gotta work on that shot sir  the smoke won you that not the hand cannon lmfao
 la residents dont forget municipal elections on march 7th. ull be voting on mayor primary  homelessness amp weed regulation. stay involved.
 life without weed is so fucking stressful and it hasnt even been 24 hours 
 can someone tell me why my coworker is trying to debate with me about marijuana legalization
 garcia vegas out of the tube are the best thing to smoke out of 
 have you smoked the litto gomez small batch 6 from @lfdcigars if not dont let that 21 price 
 sean spicer compared marijuana to opioids but the science doesnt support that idea  via @yahoofinance
 i hope i got enough weed for this vegas trip lol
 @al3xmurr4y stay away from weed. its obvious your mind cant handle it.
 my mom would dis own me if i even asked her to smoke with me 
 i am conservative trump please the marijuana up to the state and make money from it.been around for a long time.
 dads fam   you mind i i smoke this blunt in your car around you moms fam  uhh bitch you gone roll down the window or what
 told my mom to take me to the atm to take money out amp she automatically assumed i need cash to buy weed 
 annoyed  tired  want to smoke  all of the above..
 im confused cause he was most definitely on smoke break 
 mom if you were valedictorian your speech would be hey everyone i smoke weed get drunk and drive around in my hippy van  nailed it
 this was the cause of all that smoke. 
 @chocowaska in the house til 7 giving away samples of their delicious hemp milk
 my grandma liked my post on facebook about pro marijuana yas lol.
 married2med   gay and the andy reference was weak.  it would have been better not to address it.  is there smoke drdarrin
 this old lady i work with is stressed and she told me were leaving and she doesnt care if we get fired.. she also told me to bring weed
 imported weed from cali hmm
 pickle wait til @jdeschamps6 gets here and well all smoke together  jonah im waiting
 @vonnier57 @timothyjpadilla @allbrightnfl @cbslocal i mean 3 paragraphs in that article it says the weed was laced with meth. cmon man...
 less than one year after having back surgery i am walking up the side of a hill with my cane to visit a ganja farm 
 smoke smoke jus to ease tha pain
 @iamvalc for you assholes attacking val. cannabis is a plant  like a tomato. opioids are man made. educate yourself
 contact steve huntley for your own private ganja tour and all your personal driving in negril  tell him warrior4bea 
 who has weed hitting a pen outside isnt fun i want a blunt
 after a insane amount of driving we finally arrived in la. time to get some food  smoke some weed and rest up for nature world tomorrow.
 yup  and no more weed to chill end of day 
 boo cooking shrimp spagetti  smoke amp we going to bed.
 wish i had more friends to smoke with in dc.
 @wolflord256 marijuana may have been involved. but alcohol most certainly was.
 i think professional athletes should be able to smoke pot if they want
 im not aloud to smoke weed again for another 3 months and i found a such a big beautiful bud in my dresser and i just keep starring.......
 i went to go smoke with my dad right now
 producer tip 8 time management.. it maybe weed.. but i know lots of successful 420 215 
 my coworker found weed and he told me to smell it  he was like  es koosh
 boo boo ass weed is still in rotation be careful 
 westbound hwy 138  vehicle still burning  smoke to right of the back of the semi trailer. 
 where the marijuana at my guy 
 @mikeypete329 @followthepuck private schools very small percentage of d1 commits. very small. gfc maybe good but theyd get smoked.
 i was told that marijuana is loud  but i turned it up all the way and i still cant hear it
 just bought an obscene amount of weed for a girl that lives on her own 
 my brother just told me that he debated alc vs. weed. he was alc. you best believe i had the same debate and put him in his place.
 february 25  2017 the day natalie smokes her first cig proudmom
 so i was playing zombies with sophie earlier amp we almost got smoked 17 times because my mom texted me this amp we wer 
 going to tsu just to smoke then im going tf home
 this has been harder than giving up weed was
 going wake timisha up and smoke her out.
 this guy tried selling me weed on the train
 i straight up just asked my dad for weed and he said not tonight lmao
 just trying to smoke and go to bed but luis fell asleep yay
 indepth bay area rapper berner is a marijuana mogul. maureen kelly reports. 
 lost my weed
 not waiting just observing veterans day program with pds n marijuana helps vetrens especially from veitnam pot capital of the world pulaski
 waking up early tomorrow to produce  this cannabis lean got me slept lmfao
 that shit not wassup lol i was scared i was having one of them bad reactions to weed and i was dying bro  
 @bostongirl79 holy smokes...huge 1 for me 1 for you 
 drank drank smoke smoke  just to ease the pain
 my mom told me that if i ever smoked weed andor drank alcohol  shed disown me  well......
 smoking weed   dodging feds cause my head hard
 i was so sad and depressed then i listened to some chunes  smoked a lil bit  talked about awesome upcoming shows and now my soul is at ease
 this cali weed
 74k of marijuana found beneath children during traffic stop 
 spicer says feds 2 step up war against marijuana on the same day sessions reverses plan to phase out private prisons 
 drank drank smoke smoke just to ease the pain.
 this man at another broken egg if you were a waitr and sold weed that would be the perfect combination
 so @kristilclouds dad just asked how i felt about weed so gave him a thumbs up amp said to her mom yeah.. shes kristils friend alright
 im excited bc my story of my bff dj weedies got on tus snapchat story  
 when ur dad leaves his weed out 
 need some smoke im stressed
 @kurtcuffy throws the smoke away 
 so @potus wont get involved wprotecting our lgbt community but will get involved in cracking down on pot smokers
 red cross and dc fire out making a difference. neighborhood canvasing to educate and check smoke alarms in se dc. 
 lmao my dumb bitch sister got saturday school for 2 weeks bc she talked about wanting to smoke weed with her boyfriend in a google doc 
 its going to be 16 degrees this afternoon if yall dont go and smoke up at the top of mount royal kill yourself. enjoy the weather 
 while everyone was sleeping at 4 am i was playing in the snowdoing a search for marijuana  
 in third grade i got in trouble for taking @dittrichlances shoe and chucking it into a field of weeds from the top 
 james myles do you smoke marijuana @parishilton beuna vista colorado tax  no. james m. ilr  see.  @nualumni
 @nickuhplz whether its happened yet or not. im not sure. but i definitely dont agree with them regulating marijuana  especially now a day
 smoke weed every day. we stay higher. 
 shoulders are smoked this am gymtime get on the gain train back on track for the last 5 wks nativemuscle
 the pushpack on states rights around marijuana use is bringing out a whole new group of frustrated trump voters.  welcome  friends.
 was telling my boss a story about a cemetery and he said you was rolling a blunt amp smoked it didnt you  jay why 
 @sandy12653 @trumpregrets @realdonaldtrump i knew that man would hit weed from day one of his appointment
 i always knew my boyfriends and dad would bond over weed lol
 dad willy nelson isnt going to be around much longer  he smoked too much pot.  mom thats probably why hes lived this long  ok momma 
 mom just told us that she wanted us to get her some weed so she could try it for her bday... 
 @nikroybal i was hoping this would be the year we used papal smoke rituals by burning jill stein tweets.
 @nikroybal i was hoping this would be the year we used papal smoke rituals by burning jill stein tweets.
 moral of the story if he doesnt offer to smoke you down he isnt into you boo
 people who smoke weed will always be the most woke
 brookings institute what the white house doesnt know about marijuana policy 
 @longgonejohn81 yep. i think we should do a total 180. legalize weed and ban opiate pain pills. 2 birds one stone
 will trade weed for dabs
 @govjventura vs @presssec marijuana debate would be amazing 
 i need weed nola
 tbt to the time i was in 10th or 11th grade and my mom beat up @justinmd bc we smoked in my room before school
 my mom wont come have a smoke with me and i am so hurt i was your child how could you do this
 wya  i need a og weed man in houston @robbbg @imep3
 what happen to just smoking weed the regular way 
 if this nigga trump touches anything related to marijuana im definitely leaving this hoe
 sean spicer compared marijuana to opioids  but theres major differences 
 when your sisters a smoke show 
 i had a dream that the public library sold you weed as long as little children didnt see you purchase it. long sto 
 @airsquad9 @stuartpalley where you seein info cant find any  just talked to someone in lompoc  no smoke visible.
 why is vegas such a smoke fest gross 
 please tell me why my weed fell out of my pocket when i was getting off the bus 
 lmaoo y do i smoke all my problems away
 @sarahlevy smoke pot
 @shauneglizzy oh i can definitely smoke some good piff or sour when im on the east coast. cali not too good for the sour
 thunderstorms are the best excuse to get cozy and smoke a blunt  420
 my mom legit asked me if i was smoking weed
 i need a bae that i could smoke with and take on tour.
 hes forcing me to smoke with him before i work  
 my mom opened the door while we was hotboxing and yall shoulda seen her face when she seen all the smoke come out
 @melsp if you would drive we would be able to smoke out the neighborhood over here but you playing
 natalie brought me starbucks while i was weeded at work today and it was such a blessing i honestly dont deserve her
 taking away recreational use of marijuana isnt going to stop people from smoking
 things i need to get  steam punk goggles explosion proof pendant lamp pocket weed whacker
 so my mom found out that i smoke weed amp sent me this. 
 rainy days are best spent at home  with your weed and your lover  hes at work but ill be here waiting  
 lost my weed 
 i was told that u smoke doobie blunts 
 recreational cannabis sales may begin as early as july 1st in las vegas. cannabis lasvegas marijuana vegas 
 i just ran out of weed so if i have a mental breakdown tomorrow thats why
 besides smoke lol 
 kinda wanna text my ex... not cause i miss him  but cause i miss the weed he used to sell me
 i asked my mom if shed smoke with me and she goes only when its legal or if i have a headache oh flor
 psa i do not sell recreational cannabis edibles. to anyone. ever. now  i can help you get signed up for the dc medical marijuana program. 
 @westtxrancher hes been hitting the weed  hasnt he
 you see ibhad realized i couldnt get in trouble for weed
 these guys out in wellington and west palm beach w their shiny big ass trucks loud ass exhaust  diesel black ass smoke is not cool
 we take a lotta trips at night  we smoke a lotta blunts
 cant nobody tell me weed aint medical... this  taking all my pain away. realtalk
 walking to this la weed shop boutta gone get me some of that 
 cpd is so intentionally oblivious to marijuana. looks like hes got a kingsized element wrap  a raw blunt tip who knows who knows
 two girls hitting me up but i rather smoke with my homies
 the train is wild tonight  people sellin weed and generally getting rowdy. two trains both smell like schwag  real strong.
 i shoud be hitting you up for weed not the other way around 
 finna have a big ass smoke sesh with my fam for calis bday .  resteasycali 
 @karanesch @jodiumo that generation lived like that. my great grandfather smoked  chewed  amp drank but still lived 2 103. whod have guessed
 trying to come up with an excuse to go outside and smoke without making my mom suspicious
 i think im finnahave a bon fire by myself and smoke lol
 @michaelcisar youre a pussy and you smoke mids
 my mom had asked me if i still smoke weed  i told her no
 mimi if i cant smoke weed with willie nelson  im not doing it.
 i saaaiiiid i wasnt gonna smoke or drink  oh well
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement @cnnpolitics 
 @tammywesa do you have an actual problem with cannabis or is it just bc you were fed lies about it
 tonight bennett told the story about how he smoked catnip because he didnt have weed
 my mom was telling me how she was taking care of the garden today amp noticed a cute little weed plant starting up all on its own lmao
 i like to smoke with other people because i can analyze their behavior when their high. which is always fun when youre high lmfao
 mom  please  wake up dads with a slut and your son is smoking cannabis
 where theres smoke theres fire. a steady stream  pour it on. 
 travelalert  @slaidc sorrow amp smoke double disk set amp one other slaid cd of your choosing will get you from chicago to green bay
 i know ive reached my art school low because i just smoked alone out of a la croix can
 where is the weed in atlanta
 woke up just to smoke 
 i smoke bomb weed  tweet a palm tree 
 not really a weed smoking but being high take the pain away 
 just smoke the pain away
 so we going to denver in less than 7 days and all i can think about is weed 
 marissa ries smokes mids
 so today my dads friend smoked a blunt on the lift lmao my dads friends are cooler than mine
 i drink a lotta green tea amp smoke a lotta tree
 me  a good christian boycotting all apple products until they remove this weed emoji  shame on u apple
 i get high on hydroponic weed
 getting swooped to smoke  okay okayy  imwithit 
 my sister just blew her fucking smoke at me tryna get me high. pls stop im allergic lmfao
 when you go visit your old job after the trap mhmmmmmm food @ smokey island grille 
 when you go visit your old job after the trap mhmmmmmm food @ smokey island grille 
 white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement | @cnnpolitics 
 congrats didnt know well i know a smoke shop in cedar hill and i know that they had it when i was still living a 
 does anyone know a reliable source to get a medical marijuana card in nevada
 jailing harmless pot smokers to push the establishment of more private prisons  is dispicable amp payback 2 rep donors 
 stfu and lets smoke 
 @starless941 specially after sifting weed inside your doublealbum.  or was that just me @taxpayers1234 @davidedward
 @starless941  specially after sifting weed inside your doublealbum.   or was that just me @taxpayers1234 
 this has been one great week and its going to be hard going home so brb while i go smoke this doobie and cry
 was going to be a good day till i smoker out the whole kitchen
 i didnt know weed can walk away all of a sudden 
 really was on xans and cali weed the whole trip ...
 kill la kill opening credits...with everyone replaced with snoop dogg. weed la weed. amp the song. happy sunday 
 my dad woke me up just to smoke
 @weednewsat420 i angered the person who turned me onto weed  when i said  ok  now what ha i felt nothing. 
 that coka be letting you know  in my smokey voice 86craccbaby
 someone told me to get off my high horse. hes an idiot because my horse doesnt even smoke pot.
 when someone trys to take your kid away for some weed. im such a drug head you guys 
 lol bro i was looking for weed at 4 this morning  how stressed i was 
 had a guy come in and tell me a church told him he wasnt welcome because he smoked
 sean spicer compared marijuana to opioids but the science doesnt support that idea 
 yo idec bout the weed part but damn the second part is so fuckin true 
 mike gundy is mad he was smoked by a team  ole miss  thats about to go on probation. problem is  his own team was. 
 we lost smokey and lil puppet in the rosin boi meme wars last night. rest in low temps bro fam 
 @deanshow @fyfcstudios @stonerjesus420 after much weed  unable to tell the difference
 huge cannabis farm was staffed by trafficked viet... 
 talked to shorty the other day she told me shes having cause sex now amp she smokes  i wanted to faint lol
 i know young dolph is forever shook at the fact that if he didnt have them bullet proof doors he would be smoked
 wish cali smoked 
 this birthday hasnt been fun so far i need to smoke
 @davidcorndc @gespenstone78. holy smoke  chaffetz amp issa wont live long enough to investigate all of donalds scandals.
 1.  trayvon was suspended from school for having an empty bag w trace amounts of weed  2.  media and trial used th 
 who the fuck stays in la and is down to smoke rolling up on some bomb and at this point idgaf. down
 hah if trump touches any weed law im calling the banners
 btw  if anyone was curious  las vegas weed is approved  1010  5 stars
 please tell me why my partner added a weed leaf to our project 
 operation hide my weed from my dad 
 valid out of state medical marijuana cards are accepted in las vegas for marijuana patients  you are allowed to purchase in las vegas
 didnt feel like a long smoke today but burning a fav bbqlife backyardbbq bbq 
 who tryna get smoked out later
 if people smoked like it wasnt a problem it wouldnt be
 its going to be great when trump goes after weed and net neutrality and loses his reddit neckbeard legion and they still cant get laid
 i get told to smoke my weed   but not talk to a guy that actually wants to make the two hour drive to we me  thx dad
 miss cali weed so so much 
 being told my cum tastes like weed is fosho the best compliment ive gotten in 2017
 when you dont want to fill your kitchen with smoke... perfect match @lodgecastiron  and @webergrills for a perfect 
 @basedjezuss perfect time for a bathroom smoke break lol
 going to smoke a pack of cigarettes every time la la land wins an award
 you smoke mids 
 @julessu his kids are the aides. msm keeps saying the aides were in daily contact.so why you think hes tossin smoke bombsseanspicer asked
 its crazy how high i be when i hit the weed now  i miss burning for real
 i just want to smoke all this pain away
 time to be productive. which includes long islands and grub at smokeys 
 ive never taken heroin.  ive had oxycontin to deal with pain and it was much less effective than weed
 well some days you kill it and some days you just choke some days you blast off and some days you just smoke sturgillsimpson 
 @changeling9au ca is a mess nobody to complain too.  the place was as if there was a fire kind of smokey overcast till rained 3 days later
 said i wasnt gone smoke this dope today but uhhh
 las vegas   hello is anyone trying to get high with me  ive got the weed.    yours truly  wyatt.
 my little sister really just told me she would never smoke weed but shell smoke marijuana......
  pull up on me later or tomorrow and chop it up you know ion smoke
 my pop just told me when he was a kid he used to smoke cigarettes and read playboy in the woods lmaooo
 @elisewrightnyc me too and ugh tell me about it. i was probably skipping school to smoke bongs
 im salty i lost my smoke spot yesterday smh
 i have scars on my legs bc i tried to jump over a weed eater when my papa was weed eating  
 i found my brothers weed today
 i remember when i use to tip my weed dealer because i was so appreciative 
 a dallas cop that moved to the denton area says he gets looked down on because he doesnt arrest kids who have small amounts of weed on them
 boy smoking weed  took some trains and drinking henny and coke im definitely sleeping out tonight lmao i can not deal 
 .just cause i smoke doesnt mean i am any less than you are
 man who want smoke in madden ps4 yall be ducking me 
 stay off the weed 
 @edcat2525 yes..and i saw the real tv nasa back in the day  you couldnt see anything for smoke hell newscasters smoked lol
 @wayneescoffery quartet slamming. definitely catch them if you can smokejazz livejazz 
  yo lul ass funny asl. you be talking crazy but its all lovewe got smoke one time
 my dad opened my glove box and out spilled my pipe  weed and cigarettes...all he said was  ew  newports
 holy smokes. things getting 1000 retweets a second. 
 yup smoke some hella weed
 lost in nicotine smoke rings contemplation is dangerous  kills the writers vibration  man with 
 if i had a time machine i would kill hitler and then stop la la land from being made. then set my time machine on fire and smoke a joint.
 where the houston females at that smoke
 i was having this discussion with this girl about marijuana and her only comeback was its still illegal... lol point proven
 in 10th grade i got 2 saturday schools for driving to school w a permit and they searched my car amp found weed in i 
 sara bareilles just smoked that joni mitchell classic. 1010 would pay to see her perform live. oscars
 id love to try whatever weed strain casey affleck smoked before accepting his oscar  but hard pass on the freeway he woke up beneath.
 i convinced someones dad to smoke weed because he has back pain amp he brought me this at work and said ty for changi 
 @sjmanager i never miss an episode... @therealmikedean smoking weed during the show was an epic moment
 felicia told me im a sunflower in a world of dumpsters. she didnt say weeds. she chose dumpsters. thats my bff tho 
 i roll my pain in a swisher sweet... mix my tears with promethazine so i can smoke and lean.
 im so annoyed lmao i need to smoke
 @prestonk41 not really but okay. i already weeded out the whiny ones.
 who has weed in the burbs
 file under perfect endings this smoke got lost in the scroll but im stoked i found it. some 
 just got home  time to pour up some cannabis lean amp produce music 
 i have the cough of a grown man who smokes a pack per day
 tell me why my friends think its okay to ash their marijuanas in my candle. 
 my dad just said i should smoke weed for anxiety lmao
 i need a smoke but i lost my wallet 
 we drank  we smoked  we laughed  we had fun  one big happy family. great time in las vegas
 that said i just gobbled up 60mg in gummy bears and am about to smoke a j. trained professional  do not attempt. 
 just realized this is the first brownie ive had in a while that hasnt had weed in it lmaooo
 im going to smoke weed forever
 @ahdingpangiit did you smoke out of that apple why was it so dark on top
 woke up to 29 degrees f 2 c im miserable. my bones hurt and days like these i miss smoking weed
 pediatricians warn against pot use not your dads marijuana  
 spend an hour waking bae up lmao time to smoke
 @tntradioempire my buddy seen this in vegas over the weekend. sat there all day drinking and smoking weed out of an 
 @bamadad1985 @afterhourscbs how did they force smoke to retire..just asking .smoke fan so want to know if theres something that wasnt told
 see smoke and what to know what it is download the flburntools app and you can find out quickly. 
 by these three was the third part of men killed  by the fire  and by the smoke amp by the brimstone  which issued out 
 arguing abt weed in class amp why its illegal... 
 i want to smoke my pain away
 this is barney after injecting one marijuana. still think its safe use 
 my dad said yesterday if i could take back all of the money ive spent on weed in my lifetime  id be a fucking millionaire
 i smoke a whole lotta weed.
 ugh i looooove smoking marijuana
 if your from the bay and never heard of bammer weed by rbl posse you aint from the bay
 what not to say in a texas smoke shop video. lifestyle videos 
 holy smokes. that was fun. proveit 
 how long does weed stay in your system after you smoke it
 i smoke these blunts so i can ease my pain 
 @niiyouth lmao i remember when we got those beanies from bc smoke shop you still got it
 idk how a legalize weed debate just started up in my engineering class 
 i was so sick and as soon as i smoke it went away...
 i smoke private. @yfnlucci
 were minutes away from opening draw in hempstead.   live audio   live video  
 my buildings security guards are the best. they said ive been looking stressed out and just offered to go smoke a 
 pro choice  pro gun  pro weed  pro whatever the fuck gets more people off the freeway.
 sooo the other day @ work some old hood dude told me he didnt want a fag touching his weed lol
 my mom would smoke that shit lmao 
 just got an invite to a raw papers event in vegas from the weed shop i always go to  wish i can teleport
 i just had a talk bout weed with my dad  and i have convinced him that weed is okay lmao.
 old guy comes into my work  looking for potting soil me are you planting flowers old guy no  marijuana 
 @robinrimbaud im a fan of the atlanta smoking lounge with the glass walls  you get to see a cube of smoke with hunched over figures inside.
 @vargvargas kept going into the weeds of these reports  which left less room for developing characters and drama.
 some old lady just told me to spark my square on the train platform as she continued to smoke hers. what they gone do kill us
 maannn i want some tripe js smokehouse so bad take me back to houston
 i didnt bring weed to school and i was real emo about it
 did i for real just leave my weed grinder in the car  the car that my mom is currently driving fml 
 you still a hoe   a hoe with boo boo weed 
 check out battle bong clothing being represented @hightimesmag las vegas cannabis cup battleborn battlebongnv 
 huge cloud of smoke from the fire. this image is from the naples marina. 
 me dad your weed slapped me in the face when i walked in the house dad haha yup thats right
 my first time in la smoking cali weed at venice beach and i got so high i couldnt walk or see straight n i was terr 
 10 days for terrorist to attemp entry. easier to weed out without the rush . no complaining after 10 days. make america safe again
 you had a long day  i got some weed for your stress
 im really confused bc the mayor of the city of boca raton  just chatted me up at work i work @ a smoke shop
 so far everyone ive smoked out has gotten high  oregonchristmastrees incognito
 excia director on trumps possible ties to russia theres a lot of smoke  via @yahoonews
 jalen mom what would you if me and teyana smoked cigarettes mom i would make you eat that cigarette then you would smoke a whole pack
 my brother keeps getting in trouble for smokin weed 
 his mom has been doing drugs since .... i mean like didnt you smoke a blunt with her in middle school 
 a huge goal of mine is to get my mom to smoke a blunt with me
 the only bad thing about rolling fat ass blunts. is remembering what happened to your weed later 
 dj said dennis had that pu put weed 
 i lost my weed and i opened my drawer and i found it  shit too loud
 i guess its normal to drink and smoke during your pregnancy now these days i wish my babymom would
 my friend raul always bringing the weed and chocolate hook ups to class 
 i smoke my pain away 
 told this guy yesterday that i didnt smoke and he said  damn  you not even interesting anymore  
 omg i think i just saw a smoker in palo alto. was he ... lost
 my 10 year old sister has a weed game where she sells  nurtures the plant and is learning all types of different names of weed 
 @whousedallnames @magatrump5 @potus everything is so huge now  he plays possum to weed out the rats.. ploy to drain the swamp imo
 @katramsland excia director on trumps possible ties to russia theres a lot of smoke 
 just waiting on the weed man..
 my brother thinks he threw out all my weed.....
 @potusferocused @conmanbo austins always in the weeds  only now its full of nettles.
 @katramsland excia director on trumps possible ties to russia theres a lot of smoke 
 drank drank smoke smoke. just to ease the pain.
 i be tryna smoke the pain away and hope for better days
 this had to be crack couldnt of been weed 
 remember when cali weed was called exotics
 i told my mom i took my weed dealer to my high school prom and she high fives me
 i only smoke choppas no paper shit
 i smoked pot with johnny hopkins. it was johnny hopkins and sloan kettering and we were blazing that shit every day 
 lol enjoy my cover photo of my mom and dad smoking a joint. the apple doesnt fall far from the tree. quit treating weed like its evil
 i never smoke but when i do me pongo bien marijuana no mames
 @thatkevinsmith just watched  ep 10 twd.fuck that was the original smokey and the bandit trailer daryl was fighting behind.
 im at the intersection of rattlesnake hammock rd amp collier blvd and my eyes are burning smoke has overwhelmed this area. naples wildfire
 i told my dad that my mom wants to sip lean and smoke dope and he supported her and said he would join her.....need me a man like that.
 my weed is just waiting to be smoked
 my mom just smoked a cig and i shook my head and she was like shut up pit head
 @dadacoleman correction she died of smoke inhalation all because she was taking a picture while she was doing homework. 
 this kid in la rosa de guadalupe smokes weed and causes trouble  and i know my mom watching it thinking about me li 
 dude  willie nelson is on the road again... this guy cant die. i blame marijuana.
 a night alone to myself not letting self drink and must wait 2 hours between smokes realization im stressed
 waiting for korn. someone tripped the fire alarm but im waiting till i smell smoke or security 
 @secretarycarson i know whos history books youve read but  not too sure what homegrown you smoke. @hudgov is in trouble. immigrants 
 kant believe i smoked my gardner out
 id judge a lot less if she wasnt smoking a blunt. its proven that weed doesnt lead to defects  but tobacco defi 
 my dad just asked me do you have weed in this house yes dad because i smoke weed 
 pop one smoke one and just putt allied in.  bradpittdagoat
 i need to smoke again  but i aint going fade it lol
 @girlnamedkelly tunsil dropped because a video of him smoking weed years ago surfaced that night myles jack wasnt a top 3 lock.
 my eyes were burning from the smoke walking in tonight. 
 too comfortable for a smoke session  
 lmao anthony told me i made him drop his weed because i didnt come and see him today  but hes back in the chi i 
 i just be wanting to dig a hole amp stay there forever with unlimited weed 
 when you end up switching jobs to a gay mens boutique and the secondary being a local smoke shop 3
 wooooow what a long day  time to go smoke some dank dispensary weed
 baby let me smoke away my sins.
 im doing slam poetry for class tomorrow and im pretty nervous  if you cant tell. note what the weed is for 
 said i wasnt gonna partake in fun stuff until i got situated. brother in law walks right up to me and ask if im trying to smoke this blunt
 she told me i wuz sexy and thin askt could she hit my weed i told her appreciate u babe and stop playing with me 
 this is what hitting the weed just once does to you
 field of weed californiamovies
 theyre slower than smoke on shit is what my dad just said about the restaurant 
 @secretarycarson i know whos history books youve read but  not too sure what homegrown you smoke. @hudgov is in trouble. immigrants 
 is he on weed or something i know they have medical marijuana in dc 
 all i was tryna do was have a lil smoke sesh amp you had to kill it  thank you boo.
 i smoke a lung away  im dealin with some hunger pains
 a steady diet of ice cubes and weed
 asthma sucks. but asthma really sucks when smoke is all around you and it wont go away 
 from now on if anyone smokes at my house bring your own lighter because i keep losing my moms and shes starting to get angry at me 
 i remember when i worked at mcdonalds with @fabiano100 and we would smoke that hoe out lmao
  smoke  the night away
 i thought it said cannabis... 
 i smoke a blunt everyday to take the pain away
 everyone has been hitting me up for weed. i should be the connect now 
 felt like he was doin a smokey impression for a lil bit 
 @norml if they come for our bud they better bring their opiates cause theyre going to need them no stopping this moving cannabis train.
 when bae wakes you up at 6 am to smoke a j and you cant tell if youre mad at him for waking you up or not lolol
 wisconsin assembly to vote on approving marijuana extract 
 funny  couldnt cares less what you think  outspoken  and enjoys to smoke with a few others things sprinkled in here 
 things found in cjs car after his sister used it 3 bottles of vodka a gallon ziplock bag of weed pia colata flavored condoms
 that weed i had must of been magical cus i felt too charged up after hitting it tbh
 this sure did look like a tornado coming at us. just a lot of smoke from a large brush fire. swf naples 
 there was smoke in the air before that was me clearing it
 good morning lubbock smoke from wildfires ne of lubbock will remain in the area throughout the day. stay safe out 
 i just want unlimited weed and head from the loml on a balcony on a island 
 my mom smoked with she was pregnant and i came out the good child.
 my mom didnt smoke when she had my brother. fucking horrible amp hes the oldest. if you know menace or kelvin youd know 
 where there is smoke  there are fires burning hundreds of miles away.
 im feeling real wild and thinking about going to cali for a day just to buy lilmayo weed lol
 all of this smoke is giving me a huge headache
 @keenofinesse after i buy it im like  this is the last time you buy weed  im serious   were stopping   
 @juicyfishtaco aw lt3.i dunno  weed  effexor are like the only thing swings me away from depression. its not an ideal trade off
 man i had a dream i smoked. i miss getting high
 ...puffiing away. the whole block is there for him to smoke but he comes 3 feet away from me  i had to tell him politely ...
 fun  factsmoking weed while pregnant has no effect on your child 
 loved the visit from troy fire dept. and smoke house great learning today  @troyfiredepartm @childrensdmc 
 but not weed lmao okay 
 chewy grinders only at vape and smoke shop bird  road  vapeandsmokeshoppipeshookasrollingpaperdetoxestobacco 
 moms said shes coming 2 bk next month and im tryna get trashed and smoke with her tbh
 anybody down to smoke one and hit ihop for national pancake day 
 when your mom hits you up to buy weed from you but she hasnt smoked in 24 years 
 @that20twintwin ikr and if we got to smoke before 
 i remember i would be so shocked to hear that my friends smoked weed  now we all smoke 
 bruh i smoked that blunt so fast i was early to school and i found parking 
 one of the original choices fo smirnoff heir wanted to smoke weed so i recommended the investment as a trade off 4 me taking the booze corp
 smoking weed  dodging feds cause my head hard
 yup thats the best way to smoke a blunt 
 woke up smoked a blunt  cleaned. today was very productive so far
 my students love me so much that one brought me some weed topical pain ointment. its not cheap stuff p
 the vain in this backwood like bane to my weed .
 when the guy from la coneja thinks i smoke cigarettes  ewwww fuck no theyre  for my dad ....
 @quinngrimes @bleacherreport hes blowing smoke up everyones ass
 excia director on trumps possible ties to russia theres a lot of smoke  via @yahoonews
 you can tell who smokes pot in my drug class bc we got to the marijuana section of the class and a bunch of people stopped taking notes.
 the large fire southeast of naples  fl is moving in with large smoke cover across the beaches.  
 damn i was gonna smoke a blunt yesterday but good thing i didnt
 @kyledcheney yup....  its all smoke and mirrors  
 this smoke burning the shit outta my eye 
 how long it take for weed to get out your system 
 just blowing smoke to take attention away from more pressing things. like...ohhhh the investigation into his ties t 
 i smoke before the gym to calm down and lose myself in my music. its honestly a huge help in motivating me to be at the gym.
 @k1dkur0 oh sht you know jake  i just told him i smoked for the first time recently lmao
 @k1dkur0 oh sht you know jake  i just told him i smoked for the first time recently lmao
 god dammit i wish my mom wasnt a dick about weed  whats wrong with smoking on vacation or like baking with cannabutter  try new things ma
 my mom is back from asia. shes complaining of pain and im tempted to give her an edible and not tell her theres weed in it. should i
 as i left a meeting in naples this afternoon it was impossible not to notice the enormous smoke 
 only d.c. and cali niggas know how to smoke good
 zombies and weed   what can go wrong znation
 . . i need a smoke partner til raven get off
 bruno delgadillo a boy from florida has 300 epileptic seizures a day a daily dose of medical cannabis oil is helpin 
 lol its so funny to me when people who smoke every other weekend or even less do retweets amp stuff about smoking. 
 yesterday we didnt see smoke until 20 miles away from naples. today  we saw it almost immediately when we got on i75 from fortmyers.
 wow strong video of the smoke haunting traffic on i75 south towards alligator alley. be safe 
 we smoked a blunt and ate together basically   gosh i miss her. 
 @anthonyfenech whats going on  smoke or serious issues
 my brother stays smoking my weed when im at work smh
 man i bought a qrt and now i can smoke 
 this guy just told us that his dog is selling weed...
 my dad told me mid smokey eye not to wear a lot of make up but i kept on anyways. sorry dad but its what @jaclynhill would want me to do
 my niece too damn bad to be watching us smoke shell catch on so fast so we keep that away far away
 well actually the round roast and brisket going in my smoker this weekend say otherwise 
 uuuuuggghhhh i miss weed
 @iamsactownking he had two things he was supposed to do based on the probation stay away from alcohol and stay away from weed.
 i miss smoking weed
 pictures i took this afternoon of the smoke from the brush fire 
 @cullenhoback if it was a smokescreen what was the purpose.. to trick securitycrypto people into thinking ios was safe
 i have smoked weed with mom and dad never as a adult @mileskisw @999kisw @theetedsmith
 yes stfu and smoke a blunt... 
 maya and davnys literally smoke together all day and eat  if thats not perfect then idk what is
 caocigars met rick at the great smoke . what a great person.took the time to talk to me about the cigar shop my wi 
 too stressed bout to smoke my night away 
 @kimkardashian do you smoke weed
 told my weed man i was otw.. but i cant find my keys 
 my sister working at a weed dispensary has its benefits
 anyone want to smoke a ridiculous amount of weed tonight with me 
 ey fam have i mentioned how much i miss weed
 my mom called my grandma and told her mama you know my kids smoke weed 
 smoked weed with mom and dad at heart concert dream boat tour. my birth year 73 @999kisw @mensroomlive @mileskisw
 bitch stfu you dont smoke 
 im hungry is said after smoking some weed pisces  
 just smoke the pain away....
 my state is bringing in 800k per day in taxes on recreational cannabis sales. whats your state been up to
 @dakaylaaahhh i wish i liked to smoke
 when ya dad a crackhead but you shunned for smokin weed.
 im not sure if smoking weed with constant disco lights going  alone for days straight is what doctors would recommend but here we are man
 nail pipe with large bowls for you serious cannabis enthusiast rollupdabup bombheadshop weed 
 people passing faster than im passing weed 
 @lizkrueger thank you for all your hard work for medical marijuana.after 10 years on opiates im now off them amp on med. marijuana amp no pain
 my mom be acting like good weed is  boi or sum
 jayla just told her mom she smoked acid....
 excuse me while i smoke this blunt in private
 damn didnt realize that was smoke  
 lmao my dad is always tryna smoke my weed
 my smoke detector wont stfu
 diagnosed w pneumonia today amp mom says you better not smoke pot while your lungs are healing or youll end up in the hospital for sure 
 @bensweather smoke is kinda swirling around to a nearby high.
 i dont smoke but ive gotten high af after work these last 2 days
  this nigga just told me his weed didnt get him high lmfao i asked what you smoke dirt  cause thats out
 @brainwashedur @diegouk to the jackass who created that meme  screw you. 8 yrs i watched bho slimed by dick weeds like them. 
 debating if i should smoke or not
 the only thing college has done to me was increase the amount of pizza  alcohol  weed and naps...
 im more of a social smoker these days. i used to smoke to take away the pain but im no longer suffering.
 hey mom when does all this pot need to get smoked by have fun wednesday well be gone thursday if theres still some left wooord
 i literally always forget mario doesnt smoke sativa so hes not hitting the blunt
 my eyes are hella red and my mom thinks i smoked without her 
 most the prettiest girls now in days smoke weed
 @mosphere man the way they smoked robb hurt me cuz that was my mans but it was fire lmao
 @thebadexec ikr the stores  the menus  we used to have punch cards  but the mean old marijuana board took them away.
 ahahahah yes they always do because its most likely my weed  lmfao 
 she ask me why i smoke  i said i smoke to ease the pain....
 @thebadexec great  see what u did now i want to go to the weed store  and theyre closed.
 i couldnt even imagine paying 7.5 sales tax per dollar on weed for some fancy visual packaging
 ive been wondering how long it would take for med. marijuana vs. opioids research to show up. 
 @pauseunpause is smoking weed while playing golf still considered driving under the influence
 okay but can we talk about how hot nathans brother is holy smokes
 my friend just asked me if i smoked before comin to the dining hall...  bitch naw... im just ugly amp tired af  school got me fucked bro
 this atlanta weed been 
 @becvel94 even i would end up with a haircut its like hanging with friends that smoke weed sooner or later youre going to get high
 you know i just smoke  im waiting on us to work before i do any of that  
 i wonder how long i could go without leaving this room  probably pretty long if i were willing to miss work and smoke illegally
 minute made orange juice amp smoke breackfast .no thanks to my italian angry friends that can go eat shit and die as far as im concerned.
 i be smoking rapper weed with my gang  i just slam dunk your bitch hall of fame
 there was smoke in the air that was me clearing it
 only smoke put of garcia vegas  i hate the dye on other cigars
 @avdinicola a lot of people smoke pot without getting arrested. id be more concerned about possible suspension
 on the beach good view good weed play fighting under palm trees
 ha my brother smoked me out before school 
 @ssjwhb the weed puns need to fade.
 just gorgeous @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 my dollies looking wavy @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 lighten  color amp styled fingerwaves @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 just posted a photo @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 color retouch @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 before amp after dreads @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 dreads @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 color amp retwist @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 dropped outta school couldnt pass the s.a.t  now i got 2 bad bitches passing me the weed
 the third annual smoke in the boro promises to be a mouth watering event  loaded with fun  live 
 praying for them  could see smoke from a mile awayoh my krishna thank you for so much on this beautiful day pleas 
 vegas today at oasis medical cannabis vegasstoners vegasmedical vegasdispensary @ 
 @maxkellerman stay off the weed 
 this guy owes me 75 but is selling weed and dabs im lost
 former cia  director michael hayden theres a lot of smoke. this does deserve an investigation because there are so many coincidences
 im trynna figure out why my sister thought it was sweet to smoke my wood 
 i definitely watched from my window  my russian mover inhale a popper before coming back up and asking if i smoked weed.
 my teacher really told us about a weed app   everyone downloaded it 
 lmfaooooooo im boutta get smoked in this race later 
 well my moms bf just gave me a pipe he used to smoke weed back in the day 
 @putneyman good evening dave lovely afternoon here  yesterday had smoke in the air from a brush fire south of us. roll on thirstday day 
 this is my dad fred  and he is awesome. doesnt smoke  doesnt vape  but he always supports 
 .@robdunstv  @nbc2 meteorologist  as long as the fire is burning  there is going to be smoke launched into that atmosphere. gcl wildfire
 try and smoke this pain away  ifismokethisbluntgirlimginwforgetyou 
 @taylormonet i literally lost all my weed yesterday
 perm @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 a new proposal would create a 25 000squarefoot medical marijuana facility on 19.2 acres in wilmington 
 @alifaith55 @aagriffin84 creating smoke
 i find it ironic the most dangerous thing about weed is getting caught with it 
 @louisecarduner thanks @movaldranches also we will be releasing a weedid app that identifies 350 weeds in the near future stay posted
 @pattonoswalt on both sides  poor w150 month smokes dems and poor w10k in gun collection on the repub. crazy both @madmoneyoncnbc
 sharon lia  that person told me im rude cause their tight wiith money well ill smoke her with ease money fame dont make you a singer practi
 i met a guy on a train  he said his name was boston  he was trying to a hold of his old friend matt damon  then he offered to sell me weed
 miss my cheeks  but i misssss weed the most
 my teacher just told a student thats bc you smoke too much weed 
 @austinmvillegas maybe but my boy jacob bird smokes everyone
 @lordtrout i was fed and smoked out 
 @woridstarlaugh nah i aint no bitch when i smoke
 i just found the music video about weed induced diarrhea i appeared in with kids from high school and im laughing so hard i might puke
 mom said your car smells like weed do you have weed in here  i said yea i hope they pull u over amp search u stop driving my car damn
 its always hard to bring myself to just throw away weed at work lol. can never get used to doing that
 when is this going to be over so i can smoke 
 the are all the middle school students who know someone their age who smokes marijuana on a 
 overlay in atlanta... found the smokers lounge. the german is happy again  holiday 
 tanner was drinking a beer and says hey doesnt this taste smokey .. there was a cig in it
 jaselyn asked her dad for 20 for weed 
 mom amp dad was right n front of me being pushed back by air amp suffocated @piedmonthealth if i woulda died they woulda said cause bad weed
 smoking too much weed  or really too much of anything  appears in your facial complexion sooner or later
 i miss going out im tired of workin all day commin home just to smoke and sleep there has to be more to life
 was gonna take a 30  going on a hr nw. just like how i wasnt gonna smoke  but now i am.... i can never make up my mind  lifeofnancy
 knoxville  tennessee.  i was told that the smokey mountain is a 45 min drive away  im ok with just seeing it from 
 i want to smoke but not alone... the struggle
 so apparently im a fake bitch and smoke mad weed according to my doctor 
 hemp seeds available at hemptraders. growing industrial hemp regenerates soil which is one of 
 balayage cutlife libs @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 braids libs @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 braids libs @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 libs  fingerwaves @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 libs rodset @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 libs color amp retwist dreads @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 not blowing smoke up anywhere butt @mensroomlive on @999kisw  is the best live comedy radio show in the usa amp more @theetedsmith @mileskisw
 last time lori gave her dad weed he puked so he told her to get him some moderate weed not that shit we smoke.
 @ibraofficial if you come to la  we got you on the dabs and weed any time youre in newport beach.   tokecare 
 cutlife relaxed curls @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 cutlife color @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 fingerwaves @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 lmfao i remember one time me and jordan got into it and he wasnt talking to me and he was about to smoke amp my smart ass was like
 work @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 empress @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 come see me..... @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 wavy @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 speaking about beauty. well jen478 is her name @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 why do people smoke youre smoking your life away
 just found out kennedy beat dubuque hempstead  good shit youngins 
 you know that ive got whisky with white lies  and smoke in my lungs i think life has got to the point  i know without its no fun
 i wish i could smoke this pain away... fuck man.
 everyone on my snap chat smoke weed and think its okay to record it
 maybe. i smoked and the quality was bad so i wasnt really paying attention. imma try to see it in theaters. 
 @tomilahren they could be fluffers like you. whose only job has been to blow smoke up trumps ass and limbaughs fat ass.
 sigh.. id smoke weed right now if it wasnt an alleged sin
 nothing like the redline train billowing smoke and forcing all its passengers off at 9 oclock at night  get it together transportation
 my mom really thinks im an alcoholic but i rlly just go to the bar to smoke 
 id say for me weed kept me skinny
 liberals have one argument with zero proof russia. its a huge mistake to chase smoke and not fire. 
 my mom was coughing hella loud on the phone amp i told her to get cough medicine amp she said its fine im smoking weed
 @ericacbarnett one house has this sign hung against carefully manicured invasive weeds ivy or similar. i find it especially ironic there.
 man now i know why smokey was scared of bigworm yousmokemyshitsmokey 
 lmfaoooo my neighbor and his mom are screaming at each other because his mom found his weed
 i know your smoking that ganja  my mom would say that too. 
 @macfromtha12 he said somethong about having a sober mind and to yearn to want to smoke weed is a sin.. idk. i didnt believe him anyways
 pause. idk why i just ranted. lmao lemme smoke this blunt
 we were weeding the backyard  but only stacy kept finding worms. five worms and a long silence later  she says  maybe im the worm.
 im determined to get my mom high at some point bc shes never smoked before
 theres some smoke bombs outside of the neighborhood.
 if everyone in the entire world was forced to smoke one jointblunt on the same day i bet it would be the calmest day ..
 goes to la one time @leahandersonnn oh my gosh that one day i smoked weed at that house party in california...
 roll up amp smoke my sins away
 i just got confirmation that i would smoke everyone in said tournament. 
 can somebody take cash app amp bring me weed thanks in advance 
 just tapped wicked weeds guajara proud to be one of the few bringing it to a glass near you @wickedweedbrewing @ncbeer @taphunterrdu
 @wink smoke in the aventine at naples 311 is closed do we know what is happening
 my weed man take the cash app i love him 
 i just told my mom it smelt like weed and she goes  i just smoked a bong  lmfao
 needed that catching up smoke session w my boo @jessicawhit19 
 mom lost at cards tonight...doesnt happen very often i smoked her 
 she went to the smoke and she hasnt been back since.
 canadiansarentsorryfor  stopping me after i smoked my last three joints  to approach there border security  crossing over taking selfies
 i wonder if i smoked weed would i not be as anxious all of the time lmao
 @lilshots23 got me fulla that weed 
 beach sun and weed is the perfect combo
 an episode on his feelings about marijuana would be a perfect start. 
 i remember i used to get my ass busted back at wsu.. loss in dubs of weed and bills  camealongway
 .smoke  smoke  smoke  smoke  smoke  smoke  smoke  smoke .......... wont be long before @maddow uncovers  russiagate therussianconnection
 my mom if it were up to me i would just smoke weed everyday and live life
 my mom my dad god amp my weedman 
 just smoke a raw in front of my mom its a new day lmao
 i get made fun of for bad video quality meanwhile @plainrocktweets over here is just cycling through cameras like my grandpa and his weed.
 some guy at our bar left his jacket with his id  cellphone  and copious amount of marijuana lmao. we are now waiting on tpd lmao
 whos in la and has weed
 @taylorswift13 well i have a long day of stuff down town to handle tomrrow at minute maid park you no the place you smoked miss you.
 i remember i went to a smoke shop one time and while we were rolling up and smoking they were bumping spanish corridors and i was so mad
 be safe naples a motorist captured flames amp heavy smoke while traveling on i75 
 drove through downtown seattle on nb i5 around 10 and it was all smokey. what was burning fire smoke
 i used to have fun smoking weed. now i gotta smoke weed to have fun.
 im just hitting here josing and just realized i smoked a whole blunt 
 i woke kj up at 420 to smoke n by 422 he was passed out again lmao disco napping like a boss ppl
 you used to have to singhave talents  to charm sisters into the bed.... smokey robinson was a 
 if you passing that weed then im the wide receiver
 i stay waking up so early just to smoke and be knocked out again. 
 @mzzcavalli @eringoodwin85 working on that  cannabis culture doesnt appear to know  and the police havent yet said.
 i generation now its abt  n weed n lot finesse going on if u dont know abt now yo dumb ahh deserved to get finesse out here
 they have menstrual weed thanks to @whoopigoldberg   
 pretending its summer and not letting anyone know i was a wuss about the smoke getting in my eyes 
 florida lawmakers file bill to decriminalize small amounts of marijuana statewide 
 they say you cant miss what you never had..but i truly miss the days when you were allowed to smoke anywhere
 time to hemplify on ice or with your favourite fruits at @berrybowl york blvd in la hempextract omega3 
 i smoke for the pain  i dont get high no more
 1001 nites to smoke away our probs yo hookah 1001nites 
 my mom just found out i smoke oh my gooodd pray for me
 watch daniel romano smoke cigarettes and stare at a camera in the video for roya  
 story time so apparently this girl in my writing class said wow it smells skunky in here after a kid who had just smoked walked in
 @deathbydisco @moradababy when im smoking amp put it on snap im definitely not like look at me and my huge ego bc i smoke lol
 my mom doesnt smoke and my sister didnt start speaking till she was almost 4 
 okay the 15th can just get here already. this is way worse than waiting for weed now.  bbcan5 
 i used to be very subtle and secret abt taking weed into my dorm shower but at this point idgaf my roommates can get me expelled see if i ca
 when i was little i innocently made up an imaginary friend named marijuana that moved away to florida
 last time i checked vaping wasnt illegal but weed was  but lmk 
 press release man charged with marijuana and tetrahydrocannabinol extract 
 real low only loud on the weed tip
 funny that 3 years ago johns mom told me to stop smoking and i did for quite a while  but then today she found out i smoke again 
 hey can you give me dollar amount me  ummm didnt you smoke yesterday  wrong one my guy 
 cannabis cultures cannabis was in all 3 categories of failure mold  microorganism exceeding amounts  amp potentially harmful microbes.
 @trippypussy thanks for following me we smoke cannabis every day. stay high.
 thanks brian for my @crownroyal maple smoked manhattan. delicious d  50bestrestaurants atlanta at 
 @sazruvia kkneckles libshempstead @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 braids @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 this nigga texted me and asked me to come smoke with him later....i told him i dont smoke.
 lmao my sister smokes 45 blunts a day  what the helll.
 today my lawyer asked if my cough was bc of my weed smoking   no geoff  i have a sinus infection with much drainage in my throat. bye.
 i think were at least 3 tasks forces away before we can come up with a firm conclusion on whether marijuana is bad 
 lessss smoke some joints
 @lilmorgo lol ok we going smoke when we get back to school 
 vegas smoke 
 bout to smoke my problems away
 i didnt know the hemp was going to raise so high and i have so many extra clothes 
 no cannabis at nevadas high times cannabis cup. lasvegas cannabiscup cannabis   
 my station libshempstead @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 less and less mfers out here in la are down to just kick it and smoke.  everyone i know grind too hard
 is smoking weed considered a sin
 i just had to smoke a blunt before driving school so i wont panic when this test get in my hand
 humidourfamilyphoto  what a deal thanks for the smokes  d.c.b. one of our valued 
 braids @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 someone is currently burning copious amounts of marijuana on main street in otr.
 i put my flatiron to work @ long island beauty school  hempstead 
 bro i just got smoked out for taking the biggest l ever ugh im so happy 
 i was to busy hating tony romo  to realize he was a smoke bomb 
 rapper weed la 
 pick up the freshest scents at high tide smoke shop 1303 nasa pkwy 150  houston  tx 77058 damnsoldhere
 wheresss the weed cause ya girl stressed af 
 i was dead sick yesterday lmao look at me wanting to smoke and go to the beach lmao
 been waiting to smoke as im going to dinner with dad and he hasnt replied in over 6 hours 
 @romansglow the amount of purple in takers smoke
 honestly idgaf i will smoke while im walking these streets of la 
 lolalola weed brand was created  by a former google employee  lovesminiblog marijuana
 my ex boyfriends mom is tryna sell me weed lmfao
 theon reefer just threw down a dunk. saint marys staying within 3 points deep into the third quarter. final8hfx
 amp smokeeeee 
 im letting the wind smoke it.
 lmao so weedensavage is who is going to lead the texans continue to be the little brother houston. lol
 told my trainer i was going to colorado for spring break and he goes  are you going to smoke it up 
 lmao i was like bruh come smoke jit couldnt get up
 get me a room all weekend and just smoke  . stressed out
 im definitely gonna be that guy that wears a robe and smokes a pipe everyday
 my dad is such an asshole  fuck him girls suck bro im done dealing with them i just smoked amount of weed 
 i always smoke my problems away  freeskrapp
 me omg mom i smell weed mom oh i thought that was a skunk
