 bouta grill smoke a pizza 
 i dont smoke it i just watch a lot of documentaries. @jenniferdiaz09
 if u smoke u die if u drink u die if u eat u die if u love u die no matter what u die so do whateva you want cuz you going to die anyways.
 @nancypelosi ur a sore loser. u cant stand it that america put trump in charge. all ur crappy ideas up in smoke. time for u to retire.
 faces   weed and editing
 i need a samuel adams to get the taste of weed and hooker spit out of my mouth
 san diego moves to allow recreational marijuana dispensaries. 
 @tedsmarijuana welcome i usually only follow politics but i love my medical marijuana it helps me sleep. most 
 this is weed laced weed pip
 currently drinking the most portland beer ever. its an ipa infused with hemp juice and cbd oil. 
 @gibjimson oh your weed
 fiveleafclover pendant for sale i will put it on hemp or a chain for you 25  irishjewellery 
 trying to smoke myself into space after copious amounts of hw
 let me blow this smoke in your face loser  @rtswine @rt4fd  findom smoke fetish tribute  
 happpppy birthdayyyyy @miranda1996 love you so much bby. cant wait to smoke a fatty w you
 try going to space  this weed got me faced  catch a case  almost legal in every state  eat the bate  sence is paid  tell that ship sank
 @tomhall enjoy...my nightcap is part of a cannabis brownie and camomile tea. nice and toasty i am
 my new thing is iced lattes because i like to pretend im nancy botwin from weeds
 hockey game with babe  we had some pizza  i smoked some good weed  watching a movie with bear  about time to cuddle my lady in sleep bed gn
 @jimcramer what are your thoughts on medical marijuana stocksare there any in particular that you likei appreciate your guidance.madmoney
 @politico @joshgerstein guaranteed to blow harvard law smoke over 1st clause of 1st amendment prohibiting establishment of state religion.
 @thehill  guaranteed to blow harvard law smoke over 1st clause of 1st amendment prohibiting establishment of state religion.
 when u offer to smoke lysh up later and she goes its up to u sis like bitch uampi kno u wanna
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @bosnerdley @mailonline oh  good. they are weeding themselves out. draintheswamp
 it is all a smoke screen to keep us from seeing the truth  as corporations and politicians reap the benefit of greed.
 @younginizzy this can be us cuddie but you dont like when i smoke 
 @nrdc @ecowatch @rebelmouse check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days via 
 @jessduntno @theglobaluniter @jeffsessions keep smiling us marijuana advocates are going to hand old jeff his ass xdlol
 well we got history so anytime we see smoke we gone assume fire. but trust me we getting slaughtered via covert pol 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
  headed to san diego for the @emeraldsci conference.  the science of cannabis is key to  acmpr success
 i havent smoked weed in a month today rip rip rip rip rip rip 
 if u chain smoke american spirits back to back u are vile asl
 when u lie to yo homies and say u broke to smoke and u only got a swisher 
 if u dont smoke weed i hate u 
   join us for this cannabis symposium. 
 drinking a cherrywood smoked porter by @pigeonheadbrews @ pigeon head brewery   photo
 another awesome keto dinner smoked sausage  onion and cabbage and 
 if ur a guy and u ask me to smoke u up ima laugh in ur damn face.
 for now on no lipstick if we smoke  
 medical marijuana treatment center sets up shop in st. johns county @actionnewsjax  
 there is a huge disconnect when you dont smoke
 hey twitter  i got a new whip. who wants to smoke blunts and listen to three six mafia 
 mysterium @ smokehouse brewing company 
 medical marijuana treatment centers of florida has set up a location in st. johns county 
 golden road wolf among weeds double ipa now available in cans.  @goldenroadbrew beermenus
 im a different person when i aye ye ye yaey...  smoke weed every day.
 medical marijuana treatment center sets up shop in st. johns county 
 the @jacksabby smoke amp dagger is delightfully smokey not to mention that @thehourly02138 is an 
 when you see your weed dealer at a pizza shop
 @memejesus hehe xd u like smoke peneses too
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 pizza  weed  beer amp netflix gt partying
 can u smoke viagra
 tellem push to legalize weed outchea 
 let me blow my smoke in your face @rtdumb @rtpiggyy @rt4fd @rtswine smoke fetish tribute  bbwtakeover2017  
 omg this episode of bongappetit makes weed infused korean bbq. 
 i use to smoke bud now i flip words u a dub
 daughter likes the swirls of smoke. my kids havent been around a lot of smokers. 
 amp if it goes down in flames the smoke will spell my name
 i need to smoke gz
 drinking a smoked porter by @cptlawrencebeer at @alchemypub   photo
 what would u being doing if u didnt smoke
 elkin quitting smoking journal  day 45 trump is making this far more difficult than it needs to be. make america smoke again
 like u knew u aint have super glue that whole time idek u how do u kno i smoke
 come over and smoke me up lt3 i will give you beers and make u food
 thanks @eazeteam for blazingfast marijuana delivery get 20 off your first 3 deliveries with this link 
 @sarahksilverman  a cartail of drugs amp weed  will make someone like you think this stupid. you begin to think like charlse manson.
 @joerogan massive scientific report on marijuana confirms medical benefits 
 sb157 new create an exception for possession of a certain amount of marijuana with a valid medical marijuana ca... 
 a fucken sap i need weed sos
 florida is just texas with weed
 fortlauderdale history in morninglight @ smoker park 
 postmodern fiction contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook. be a terraist 
 @npr postmodern fiction contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook. 
 @authorshout @junegundlack postmodern fiction contrasting nuclear promotion w marijuana prohibition is free ebook. . 
 @circleofbooks postmodern fiction contrasting nuclear promotion and hemp prohibition is free ebook.  
 @newtgingrich you are correct legalize cannabis...nation wide
 @allidoisowen postmodern fiction contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 @sallyeaves postmodern fiction contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 if u smoke weed in 2017 u a thot
 @filigreegirl @pdeblassieiii scifi contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 @tweetyournovel scifi contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 @drudgereport @reuters scifi contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 @parkermolloy scifi contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 @greenpeace scifi contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 @cannabisbiznews scifi contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 @marijuanaposts scifi contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 @interestinglit scifi contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 @rollingstone scifi contrasting nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition is free ebook 
 check this out. if i dont smoke why should i hang out with people that smoke  same goes for excessive drinking or partying.
 closed report at 246 ruggles st  mission hill  case resolved. weeds removed amp area swept. 
 @businessinsider too much weed.
 my latest for @good lecithin increases the potency when you infuse it with cannabis.  
 florida legislatures proposed medical cannabis regulations  simply do not work this is not what the citizens of f 
 first of a 7 vintage flight.  drinking a smoked porter 2015 by @alaskanbrewing at @acesandalestena    photo
 number 2 of 7 in the vintage flight.  drinking a smoked porter 2012 at @acesandalestena   photo
 3rd beer from the 7 vintage flight. best so far.  drinking a smoked porter 2009 at @acesandalestena  
 @realsessions drug war focus on heroinfentanyl marijuana is a nonstarter
 6th of the flight. quite mellow. smoke lingers. very nice.... smoked porter 2000  photo
 fuck u bitch i shared my weed with you
 waiting for the snow with this smokey winter ale...havent had anything i d... winter ale  photo
 @barlotherb we are here for you you can get a medical marijuana card fast and sale online at  just 3 easy steps
 stone crab claw  with smoked pepper and chicharrn from jeremiahlawrence and @fabianvonhauske 
 my smoke detector wouldnt stfu from boiling water so i put it in the freezer amp i highkeyyyy forgot about it
 i laugh with her smoke gas with her
 if u smoke without a bev im calling the sesh off mate
 drinking a cold smoke by kettlehouse brewing company @ play inn  
 so how much weed did u smoke 
 a clean and delicious pale  thanks manti  drinking a zombie dust @ garage brewerytaproom  smokehouse  
 at least twice within the past six months ive encountered admitted pot smokers enforcing stupid rules.  so thats weird.
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 rip smokey  
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 when there are crumbs on ur hand and ur too lazy to do anything so u just. eat the goddmn weed
 good as a brown. bad as a smoked brown. needs more actual... samuel adams mesquite bbq brown ale 
 @sjfriscia @chopsumbong any lease you sign tht says its a no smoking building or smoke free enviromentcant do it. at least @ my complex.
 fuck around and get hardcore c4 to ya door  no beef no more nigga feel the rough  scandalous the more weed smoke i puff  the more dangerous
 @bomanijones the streets pretty well covered weed in the irony of it all. you cant argue against legalizing without undermining alcohol
 listen to smoke  i need a bad bitch  by smoke np on soundcloud  deerfield nigga...broward 954 deerfield
 incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17s  hempstead avenue 
 incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17s  hempstead avenue 
 update incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17s  hempstead avenue 
 update incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17s  hempstead avenue 
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17s  hempstead avenue
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17s  hempstead avenue
 i dont fvk wit fvk neguz. all dat shxt u talkin. all dem pills u poppin. all dat smoke u flockin  u neva do it.  
 @senatorisakson you are correct on marijuana. now will u supportcosponsor h.r. 1227 ending federal marijuana prohibition act of 2017
 but it keeps growing back like weed 
 50 for the smoke pack 40 for that brown bitch
 update incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 17s  hempstead avenue to exit 18  eagle avenue 
 foodiefriday foodie going to try the @littlecaesars smokehouse pizza for lunch
 hydrate with hemplify under the desert sun in palm springs at @naturescafe with 9x electrolyte potassium and 
 bears smokehouse is a good restaurant
 video on this version of a smokey eye will be posted soon .... red hot times nine palette 
 when you realize roll it on home by @johnmayer is actually about weed. 
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 chef jen peters @nextjengf tasty smoked salmon glutenfree flatbread @vccculinaryarts last night flourishgala 
 video on this version of a smokey eye will be posted soon .... red hot times nine palette 
 let the smoke clear  three six mafia 
 do u smoke and want to quit @uclaashecenter providers are here to help u with smoking cessation. ucla is a 
 season 2 episode 1 of love theyre playing smoke break by chance. last season they played fidlar. 
 a vertiable carpet bomb of smoke   drinking a bonfire smoked porter at @urbangrowlermn   photo
 decisions decisions. whats a girl to do cheese amp meat board smoked gouda  humboldt fog  st. 
 @brianinsyracuse perhaps it is all smoke and no fire. but  dude  theres a shit ton of smoke. theemperorhasnoclothes
 glutenfree foods found saturated with glyphosate weed killer video documentary    
 @genosmith7 dont smoke ur career amp go back to jets they will set u up for failure once again u may be better off as best backup with giants
 you smoke crack  u whack. you sell crack  u whack.
 im at smokejumpers grill in anaheim  calif 
 someone in livingston  smoke me up pls
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 @nteunews will nteu support h.r. 1227 ending federal marijuana prohibition act of 2017
 medically  if you suffer chronic illnesses it is proven that eating cannabis is much better for 
 drinking a first cut  by @troegsbeer @ sublime smoke   photo
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 cultivate kltvt prepare  till  plow  dig  hoe  farm  work  fertilize  mulch  weedquality relationship wgod.
 @atrios conservative dems alive amp well in n.e. amp fighting popular things in the name of avoiding reefer addiction 
 do not come here tonight they are out of smokehouse and people have been waiting for 30 minutes for their pizza. 
  us fags case me smokeing dope as our sex and rap meterials
 yuck  smoke a fatty and drink some tea 
 @britneyspears hi from san diego britt luv to smoke ya out have a fun weekend
 nice smoke. bbqlike.  drinking a sams smoked porter at @twainsdecatur   photo
 @davidwickman i dont have a smoker  so corned beef shell remain.
 why the nixxas who sale weed swear up and down on they kids they kingpins im just saying 
 i didnt realize im on the last episode of weeds..
 drinking an icelandic toasted porter by @einstokbeer @ jack amp jamesons smokehouse  
 seems light at first but finishes with a nice wallop of hops. pine  citrus  ... wolf among weeds 
 not bad. not necessarily good.  drinking a belfast black ale smoked porter @ butler commons   photo
 very good. i like this a lot.  drinking a smoke smoked porter by @ofallonbrewery @ algonquin    photo
 a tasty smoke.  yum.  drinking a sam lords smoked porter @ andrews abode   photo
 meeting his friends @ john brown smokehouse  @johnbrownsmoke in long island city  ny 
 just posted a photo @ hempfield township  westmoreland county  pennsylvania 
 just posted a photo @ hempfield township  westmoreland county  pennsylvania 
 hipster bloomin onion with smoked paprika and blackgarlic aioli. mmm. @ westbound 
 this game is getting so fucking aggravating to watch. were pr badly going to get fuckin smoked at san antonio
 1st of all u should spell smoketown  @me @blessedathletec @trajanotf @michaelmccain @kaaybarnes @ballislife5 
 drinking a smoked porter 2015 by @alaskanbrewing @ elkhorn  sun valley  idaho  
 just posted a photo @ west hempstead  new york 
 the fact that there is no real bacon in this beer is nuts. get the smokey flavo... wilbur  photo
 chain smokeing and drinking champagne
 about to go smoke out at a bonfire
 drinking a smoked wheat on rye by @thesecondwedge at @brewwizardscafe  
 @breitbartnews lawyer watches case go up in smoke
 @roblox can we make a game about weed
 can somebody tell @billwalton that a game is being played   pay attention weed boy  
 recreational weed is legal in ann arbor 
 i tried bourbon barrel aged smoked soy sauce at work tonight  and let me tell you  that was one of the most delicious things ive ever had.
 happy birthday to me @ west hempstead 
 drinking is depressing im going back to weed
 im at exxon in hempstead  tx 
 had to show a little smoke classic chevy hope u enjoy @vettestang @mminsurance @mifbadvisoryllp 
 @lindsaysabella u live with 2 of chain smokers biggest fans
 @realvinniejames @peddoc63 @jeffsessions silentmajority over 70americans want legal marijuana tax it create jobs 
 josh smoker warming up  springtraining2017 traditionfield lgm t7la mets joshsmoker @ 
 its true that when u smoke a lot  u dont have an appetite unless youre high 
 100 bales on the floor. lets have a marijuana war
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ mcminns pub and grill  
 pictured brown ale  gose  smoked porter  belgian rye ipa... not pictured 9 other varieties on 
 drinking an alternative facts by @jamespeakbrew @ james peak brewery amp smokehouse  
 my header and profile picture are me thinking about smoked salmon nigiri 
 wow so srry that u cant smoke weed bc of ur in the national guard  u have it hard
 drinking a nightcall smoked porter heaven hill 11year bourbon barrel by @karben4 at @craftycowwi  
 favorite smoke beer ever had... bo amp luke tequila barrel aged  photo
 prepping the smoker  drinking a congress street ipa by @trilliumbrewing @ us 380 west    photo
 this is awesome  drinking a smoked colonial brown by @flounderbrewing at @chimneyrockinn   
 drinking a britchin brown by @stablecraft @ the smokehouse grille  
 corned and smoked boston butt for tuesdays pork dinner....smoked butt  rye spaetzle  swiss 
 none of my weed niggas answering 
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 add some music n weed well hell u no idea where i take u then
 hey man shout out to all the companies that only drug test if u give them a reason to. u give responsible smokers a chance thank u.
 manufactured cigarettes should be abolished.  if u can grow it  then u can smoke it.  mmjcard 
 having a blast talking cannabis with my colleagues to a select group of libertarian leaders. we 
 drinking a citrus limbo ipa by @longtrailbeer @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 fukk u niggas str8 free smoke is available
 drinking a mad tom ipa by @muskokabrewery @ smoke and spice southern barbeque   photo
 detour before a slow drive to mco. @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 omfg see u monday girl pullin up wit weed in my bag we can smoke  
 drinking a smoked porter by @gilmanbrewing @ gilman brewing company   photo
 us catering fish let us know if you want it smoked or fried we will bring out the true authentic flavour join us tonight for tasty fish
 @rickbitney @kamalaharris exactly  the economy here in ca is a bunch of smoke and mirrors filled with untruths and jaded facts.
 us catering fish let us know if you want it smoked or fried we will bring out the true authentic flavour join us 
 drinking a merry peepoday saison by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station  
 roasty bordering on smokey.  drinking a portner porter by @portnerbrew at @portnerbrew   
 canada  germany eye cannabis alliance what about us 
 canada  germany eye cannabis alliance what about us 
 this blue cookie is crazy smoke
 we smoked the damn mac and cheese  beastmodebbq love thatlife aboutthatlife foodgasm 
 drinking a tinytank stout by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station  
 hunny i aint never smoked crack in my life ohhh u right  u right  u be smokin dick 
 your wcm smokes angel dust
 i like it  drinking a smoke amp dagger black lager by @jacksabby @ jcc scranton    photo
 beer review haiku. slight liquory smell. thick beer  some smoke... bourbon barrel aged nightcall 
  we just sitting here  tryna win trying not to sin  high off weed and oxygen  so much smoke need oxygen 
 oh just wearing a weed crown at kushfest. nbd. yolo @ the national orange show nos event center 
 inglewood niggas for real blast dre amp snoop amp smoke loud at the bbq.
 two meat plate   i destroyed this if you are in laurel check out klobys smokehouse bbq 
 drinking a wickd threesome by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station  
 enegren brewing the big meat smoked  word delicious. enegrenbrewing  bock 
 @alondrachella smoke from the cooking fires. big kettles  1 for pork cracklings  the other for stewed meat. lots of drifting smoke. 
 drinking a smoke amp oats by @spoonwoodbrewin at @independentpgh  
 just posted a photo @ st smoke shop 
 smoking weed is for losers
 drinking an insane rush ipa by @bootstrapbrew @ georgia boys bbq  the smokehouse  
 is it just me  or does smoked meat not belong on a pizza metvstartrek
 drinking a north pole smoked porter by hop nation brewing co. @ hop nation  
 me i kinda want pizza  jare we can get dominos me yeah but i dont really want to eat unhealthy  jare babe. you just ate a weed cookie.
 @headbxnger abby gurl im tipsy off tequila which is a badgood thing amp all i wanna do is smokeamp watch the lizzie mcguire movie lol
 the weed is guaranteed indeed just what i need.
 alaskan smoked porter on tap now.  @alaskanbrewing beermenus
 fan weed
 when u wanna smoke but u cnt bc ur babysitting .
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew at @beergrotto  
 just posted a photo @ st smoke shop 
 @alllyz exactly maybe if some of these politicians would smoke a bowl theyd realize its not bad like they make it out to be. fuckers
 check out this huge camelback smoker friendsandfamily preview @ liberty station tavern 
 wwn u smoke on break the u get tired af afterwards
 the t about to be real in smoketown antonio tonight on me its up there 
 wtf is a juul smoke cigs u pussy bitches
 bellingham next 7 exits smells weed
 we luv money we luv weed
 smoke weed and die
 why u lying u know u only smoke .4s outa white owls  
 just posted a photo @ up in smoke 
 medical cannabis. topshelf @ mission hills san diego 
 @joshsmoker @the7line @mets smoker is a class act.
 so flynn told pensetwice i may have turkish conflict but pense said no biggie lets just lay low in weeds  see 
 while @jeffsessions @realdonaldtrump @potus play tough on marijuana  they do nothing about the opiate addiction that will spike this summer
 middle schoolers these days smoke  drink  doing drugs amp having sex  me in middle school spell icup
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 we believe in individual freedom in this country  exceptions to this rule abortion  marijuana  opioids  basicall 
 middle schoolers these days smoke  drink  doing drugs amp having sex  me in middle school spell icup
 mm this looks amazing would go great with a @newmarketbbq smoked chicken yum ask us about a 
 drinking a wicked weed brettanomyces farmhouse ale by @wickedweedbeer @ chewacla state park   photo
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 damnnnn whats the word whos tryna smoke 
 aleppo mohammad mohiedine anis  70  smokes pipe and listens to music in his destroyed bedroom in formerly rebelhe 
 @corybooker marijuana makes people lazy   a equality i pay for in entitlements  because of tasty munchies.
 slow smoked brisket benedict with crispy hash browns @calicomfort   sandiegobrunch calibbq 
 drinking a tower 10 ipa by @karlstraussbeer @ smokejumpers grill   photo
 ohhh noo i cant stand out and smoke ... its too cold
 drinking a raging bitch belgian ipa by @flyingdog @ smokey bones bar amp fire grill  
 just the right amount of smokiness and kick.  drinking a smoked chile chocolate doppelbock at @brasstappines  
 @hannaj896 how u b hanna handling this shit lol yup love my weedy g s as ur adorable baby love see u smile love u and appreciate u 
 bbq wandrew @ john brown smokehouse in long island city  ny 
 @dickgottfried @nygovcuomo @lizkrueger @stirpeal best friend daughter died at 20 from heroinleft 2 yr daughter.if she smoked mj be alive
 life 4 me is just weed n brews
 sitting rooting on them tigers not as much smoke as i remembe... simple means batch 2  photo
 12 samples of deliciousness amp settled on a chocolate porter for me amp a smoked porter for him. 
 vacuuming sweeping mopping dusting all while smoking weed an drinking wine sunday funday
 needs a little more saline but its tasty  drinking a bosxaus  smoked oyster stout at @indybrewing   photo
 mmmm. this is delicious. a true smoked porter. not overdone.... pulled porter dank tank  photo
 yesterday was awesome cant believe its been 5 years since smokeout where josh and i bumped into each other where our journey began 
 @adamfriedland why cant we all just smoke hookah in a sukkah and squash this beef
 afternoon smoke.. melanio is very tasty.. @ clearwater  florida 
 afternoon smoke.. melanio is very tasty.. @ clearwater  florida 
 @loudorchen to think he and them wouldnt welcome an increase in gas prices which mean barrel purchases rise youre the dummy weed is good
 drinking a weedwacker by @saintarnold @ flying saucer draught emporium  
 crisp and refreshing  nice hops through out  drinking  the shallows @ garage brewerytaproom  smokehouse  
 7.75 of 10 boozy with a hint of smoked licorice.... bourbon barrel aged siberian night  photo
 i really dislike weed smoke
 hockey fans if you havent checked out rugby 7s  youll love it kiwis just smoked auz 210. 
 i need a new weedman  preferably in broward
 i laugh with him . smoke  with him .
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ porters house   photo
 ur fucking smoked u of a losing to vcu 
 what you doing after u smoke this  @moneyymannj 
 i need to smoke with @brendonurie before i die
 rookie move wearing dry clean only to a restaurant that smokes its food. lena brava
 just in  laslo for mikasa made in japan vintage weed pots.  left is 4.5 tall  14.  right 
 no more smokey amp drinking for me
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 bba  sour  smoked  lager... dafuq  drinking a sour smaug by @smogcitybeer at @smogcitybeer    photo
 cajun honey red oak smoked wings  and a salad... @ midcity san diego  san diego 
 ima need someone to slide thru my garage with weed and good company pls
 @marquettehardin @danwetzel i like smoke on the water for dinner. carolina ale house is a good place to watch games. tons of tvs.
 someone pls smoke with me
 venti java chip frap is my marijuana
 to the weed smokers on the floor below us plz stop
 maybe this is the sleep deprivation talking  but if mario kart music smoked a joint it would sound exactly like bla fleck amp the flecktones
 they need to have weed delivery like pizza places do
 my pizza delivery guy asked to smoke me out and chill  loll
 @furycball doesnt matter i smoked you on lan. i played well last event. so it wasnt my fault
 @godformz ill smoke u
 doesnt matter what color u are if u say hey bro do u have an xtra smoke. only 20 in a pack. not 21 buy ur own.
 oh god its bambi and smokey the bear. a little reminder that forest fire season will soon be upon us.  
 i have no idea what determines the quality of crystal methamphetamine  but first off all  its smoked  which a bad delivery method gt
 i should breathe out more oxygen than smoke 
 getyou someone like pricilla who smokes and tells you she loves you lmao
 me how much did u smoke jesse giggles yes
 when this boy whos a cop lets u smoke reef in front of him u know its real
 incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station 
 incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station 
 revised ohio rules would allow more medical marijuana shops. 
 incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions at west hempstead station 
 incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions at west hempstead station 
 update incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions at west hempstead station 
 update incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions at west hempstead station 
 @irainannarbor have you tried smoke bbq since you are a saline resident
 @joelbirch i want to explore some of the smoked brews next. try to mimic scotch barrel conditioning.
 put my heart in a blunt like its laced  smoke it up  and then go outer space.
 cleared incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station
 cleared incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station
 @whiteandfaded tfw u smoke dmt amp then pass out in the bathtub
 @cnn middle schoolers these days smoke  drink  doing drugs amp having sex. me in middle school spell icup
 cleared incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions at west hempstead station
 i need sex and weed and beer
 if weed becomes legal in texas i want all u non smokers to eat a dick
  join the discussion about retail cannabis sales in colorado springs  new activity on my sit 
 revised ohio rules would allow more medical marijuana shops 10tv 
  smoke another 1 snoop
 u gone need a smoker  
 the fact that marijuana is federally illegal is absolutely ducking ridiculous and not in the best interest of our citizens
 disney epcot flower  and garden the smokehouse barbecue and brews pulled pig slider wcoleslaw amp beef brisket bu 
 @priscillaram10 well smokez
 more excellent skiing  drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ broken spoke    photo
 drinking a hop stoopid 2016 by @lagunitasbeer @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 @dad815 at that point  if u cant afford ur own weed then why bother
 at livs eating. going to luckys in 20 mins lets smoke 
 @kaylatrim case of the weedies
 @kpkp30385 no smoke without
 i really am an advocate for medicinalrecreational consumption of marijuana.
 @princessnala how much gas u smoke 
 luxury cannabis is here   beboe marijuana
 no guilty conscience here. so its nothin when i smoke you.
 im about to smoke without jj 
 then i get this money  and feast on some smoke meat  
 @lizzymcguire419 try the smokehouse pizza. its good if you like bbqd meats.
 just posted a photo @ welcome to weed  california 
 excellent smoked porter  drinking a rauchbier by @schulzbraubc at @schulzbraubc   
 @yashar does he drink smoke too much ganja whats the deal with this kook
 our top 10 of expo west in no particular order @miyokoskitchen smoked mozza  violifeamerica 
 if your gonna smoke a swish u may as well throw some reg in there  no offense
 im just trynna lay up  smoke  and laugh my ass off.
 american blonde ale  a little acidic and a hint of smoke in the flavo... six foot blonde  photo
 @michaelmesser6 sweet twitter picture. do u smoke weed dude do u even have huf socks
 party at 240 hempstead @ 10
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ golden road at grand central market  
 we get it  u smoke  ur a cool kid
 get those babies here then hang them out to dry with no healthcare nice u dick weed  how about condoms amp healthca 
 sleep  money  food  weed  u name it  
 crisp  refreshing and delicious for any hookah  thank you for the awesome photo smokehr 
 i rather smoke my life away than be a thot thot sorry.
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 wtf can a nigga do with 10.25 plus yo weed habit plus my weed habit and yo weed habit
 .@repdonyoung rak is for ending fed. war on marijuana. will he end attackonanimalshttpst.coxdhbznfirt
 weed firm replanted. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 woke up choking on smoke...
 mohammad mohiedine anis  70  smokes his pipe and listens to music in his destroyed bedroom in aleppo. photo by jose 
 all black lives matter right snoop dogg go smoke some more. crack 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 smart kansas farmers teach dumb politicians about awesome industrial hemphttpst.cowuyiciahpp piday farming 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 @obugenetyler u smoking weed nigga 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ zenergi hot yoga   photo
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @seanymacdevitt u smoke green games
 do u smoke  smoke what 
 ilovedrivingbecause nothing makes u feel more free and alive.. sun in ur face.. smoke in hand.. music bumping...u never know what u will c
 broward commissioners discuss medical marijuana ordinance 4 dispensary regulations in unincorporated county as fl 
 incident on n27bus from bridge streetpratt boulevard to hempstead transit center 
 incident on n27bus from bridge streetpratt boulevard to hempstead transit center 
 bta smoke  amp giggle
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 alaskan smoked porter 2014 on tap now.  @alaskanbrewing beermenus
 joe dickey is building a smoker for his senior project.teachsts nebsts itisagreatdaytobeashopteacher 
 omg weed em and reap 
 if u snowed in without weed... i feel bad for you.
 not only is it tacotuesday  but we also have our smoked pork nachos for only 8 tecate margaritas properdtsp  
 @jimcramer what is the best marijuana stocks to purchase now
 when the pizza guy smokes u out gt
 @xoxociara just smoke hookah  drink bacardi and enjoy the game 
 wish i had some brisket.  drinking a smoked porter 2014 by @alaskanbrewing at @ervsmug    photo
 just posted a photo @ west hempstead  new york 
 when your aunt brings you that delicious seattle weed 
 me n smokey hoppin on the road pray for us
 update incident on n27bus from bridge streetpratt boulevard to hempstead transit center 
 update incident on n27bus from bridge streetpratt boulevard to hempstead transit center 
 join us on stpatricksday for a craft stout tap takeover plus  housecured amp smoked corned beef brisket on rye 
 i need a smoke and a beer
 @megstar73 @thecbdiva @besomatik im a fan of caffeine and cannabis  but its a rec thing  not medical.
 check out our photo from 2016 used in the press release for the 2017 national cannabis festival in washington d.c. 
 writing and paying dues on smokey ole bar stools 
 now just infuse them with marijuana and cannabis oil treatments for health reasons 
 broward county delays decision on medical marijuana laws 
 cookie smoke time  
 who would smoke thatttttttttt 
 cookie smoke  
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 started from the bottom now we here @ west hempstead  new york 
 mexican art at dma  mexican food for dinner this place is divine so farcucumber margarita amp fresh chips amp smoke 
 @notworthfollowi it was weed pb and i had almost no appetite 
 okay sooo ... smoke 
 its smokey  drinking a pulled porter dank tank by @sweetwaterbrew at @hebronbrewhaus   
 my pandora put on smoke two joins at exactly 420 today... well played pandora. well played.
 just posted a photo @ weed calf 
 that would be the dnc and @hillaryclinton. do you smoke crack 
 i luv weed u can eat in the middle without almost barfing on urself
 update incident on n27bus both directions from bridge streetpratt boulevard to hempstead transit center 
 update incident on n27bus both directions from bridge streetpratt boulevard to hempstead transit center 
 update incident on n27bus both directions from bridge streetpratt boulevard to hempstead transit center 
 pi day... got the smokehouse pizza from @littlecaesars. 
 dont smoke weed then cry when ur mommy catches u
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ the casual pint highland row  
 allison woah  do u ever find paper in your weed  me what no like actual paper  allison yeah i just found this 
 pussy weed beer
 drinking a smokehouse porter by @dbbrewingco @ kings arrow ranch  
 i actually remember watching that game at on q smokehouse in san antonio  fl when i was living in tampa. yes  im a 
 @skyhookart   seen the idea pitched for your trademark. i would do   sam skyhook art      that would weed out catfish posers completely
 cleared incident on n27bus both directions from bridge streetpratt boulevard to hempstead transit center
 cleared incident on n27bus both directions from bridge streetpratt boulevard to hempstead transit center
 a man of words and not of deeds is like a garden full of weeds.
 @kiyannamonaeee 3 things i would do 2 spend some quality time with u. video games  safe sex  and smoking dat ganja. 
 @impelino aye nigga i got full video on elgato i aint throw emps or smokes so gtfoh
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm 
 @demajorvapor @forbes  get those booze drinkers off the streets amp have them smoke pot at home no d.u.i.s  no alco 
 star wars episode 5 the empire smokes crack drugmovies
 @persistergail @seanhannity @brianstelter   ding dong  ur gpa must be in the weeds. not worth trying to educate u. loser.
 update after my papa ate the weed cookie  he was zooted asf  but hes good now
 wicked weed brewing pub colorful beer asheville @ wicked weed brewing 
 @melaaanin idk about the last we dont argue ..we just dont speak for a while then smoke 
 liam is an angel for giving me weed
 my exact words to @rara when i catch her suckin the weed down  
 @arthur5150 4 smokers all of us hot heads lmao this should be fun for us omg
 u smoke it like u care about it dawg @laracaitlyn
 @jwdanperci @jlgrangier @scotchhopkins @zakplayinggames just starting up new twitter profile. stay tuned for med cannabis updates
 @johnmorganesq are you for the ending of recreational cannabis in florida
 if you met me in person theres no way u could hate me..  im cool af..  n if u smoke weed u gone swear u my best friend..  facts
 @johnmorganesq actually should have asked are you for ending prohibition of recreation cannabis. cannabisreform
 would you like to try our new smokehouse pizza for nine dollars  no. can i get that smokehouse pizza 
 politicsall smoke and mirrors.  while everyone tweets about snoop amp trump  im wondering what they are trying to distract us from.
 this nigga really called weed jazzy cabbage   lmfaooooo
 @monoxide420life war on drugs more like war on marijuana
 2k weed and brew
 might get back on grand theft auto online later i just remembered the weed cookie in my freezer
 phase 1 of our journey from brassy blonde to smokey blonde stay tuned head over to 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 i seriously want to smoke and just talk with snoop so badly
 .@jeffsessions attempting to demonize marijuana solely benefits pharmaceutical companies and private prisons
  maybe if @realdonaldtrump smoked a couple of blunts that would lighten him upsure @snoopdogg would oblige
 hes a role model for children  snoop dogg... the international human symbol for weed... crip walking snoop is a 
 an afternoon with blacklabeltradingco famoussmokeshop @ famous smoke shop 
 check out up in smoke... 
 dig your claws into the honey bear  bulleit bourbon  lairds apple brandy  lemon  cherrywood smoked honey  smith 
 snoop dogg is proof that weed is pure degeneracy
 @martyrmade @johannavalhalla where theres smoke theres usually fire. flynn  manafort  page  sessions....the truth will out. trumprussia
 @taraxbella @kaillowry @teenmomog im always watching most of the girls on teen mom do nothing but lay on there back  smoke weed..buy pigs
 @allenwest snoop clown  on his weed generated bravery
 ban on all marijuana sales medical and non medical in unincorporated sd county passes 32. roberts and cox 
 just posted a photo @ st smoke shop 
 smoky seared cod w mesquite smoked bacon wrapped asparagus  homemadeeats @ mission hills san 
 no offense but if u steady smoke out an elephant pipe idk u
 when your boys smoke without you oneadaygif @joebelli 
 what the fuck can a nigga do with 10.25 plus yo weed habit  plus my weed habit and yo weed habit
 @jeffsessions  medical marijuana hyped too much someone drag him into the 21st century. you nauseate me  so now i need medical marijuana.
 jekyll brewery  alpharetta  ga  slow amp low country smoked porter @ 6.4 abv amp 42 ibus. coffee  chocolate and smok 
 forbes people switching from alcohol to cannabis  tinley27 tny.c qrsrf mustweed 420 @mjdrinkables
 @isabaddie till when u there lets link amp smoke
 just posted a photo @ blowin smoke 
 smoke weed without eating 
 the board of supervisors voted today to ban all marijuana businesses in unincorporated san diego county 
 here is a little st pattys motivation.  well be serving our housecured smoked corned beef 
 holy smokes 1000 likes  this is the most popular thing i have ever posted. no kidding i am tearing up.  
 i love @schittscreek ..fav. character is david played by dan levy..and i absolutely love character stevie played by emily hempshire.
 tried all the beers at nashvilles black abbey brewing co. triple smoke braggot belgian blonde amp forty four porter 
 mound up  drinking a stella artois by @stellaartois @ smokers choice    photo
 where u @ fetch we posted at the store in need of weed and backwoods  @heshnigga
 drinking a pernicious weed by @garageproject @ imperiale beer cafe   photo
 im watching a documentary about medical marijuana while in the bath  my life is nice
 u keep doin u  smokey mountains 
 u do not deserve potus44 on twitter more like conartist daughters r out partying smoking weed u can bet your blackampwhite ass u r dist suck
 @evanmcmullin do u smoke marijuana no  seriously  do u take pharmaceutical drugs or drink alcohol because country pride is good ltc
 @goodmanespn smoke on the water is my favorite dinner spot. carolina ale house to have a drink and watch games.
 just posted a photo @ lockhart smokehouse plano 
 if all he do is smoke  amp lay meat  you dating  bbqgrill bitch 
 drinking a smokey and the bois by @thebruery at @khourysfinewine  
 ted smoked that application after he competed it. effin loser. blackinkcrew
 lotta smoke with some oyster hints  drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter at @flyingsaucerfw  
 well known fact that bears put out fires ... @nhlbruins schooled hot @nhlflames . going all smokey the  on a
 @drugpolicyorg @jeffsessions not only can we solve the h crisis by legalizing cannabis we can solve it by legalizing h. treatment over jail
 legalize marijuana. it will not turn us into druggies just as the lift on alcohol prohibition didt turn us into alcoholics wvpol
 @caninerights   news update .   there is zero smoke also
 flip  flop  flip  flop... do we need a distraction today no then im good with states regulating weed. distracti 
 good thing about moving to nm other than medical marijuanapossibly being able to go on a search for tarantulas in the middle of the night
 @seanhannity how do you feel about prohibition of marijuana social rights that government should protect and not b 
 introducing jkfreigeist singalong deathmatch  farmhouse ale brewed w rosemary smoked honey  refermented w plums 
 when u get smoke in your eye
 @cnn obama and clinton  dnc  podesta  pelosi  schumer  smoke screening the money theft  pedophilia  luciferianism  nwo  but mediatax docs
 wow  this is a crazy amount of smoke non rauch. its actually smokier th... ryeght in two  photo
 two newbs mild smoke. kind of an intro to rauch.  drinking an atlantico by @bpbrewing at @bpbrewing   
 booze gt weed
 maris is wasted and eating whipped smoked salmon with her hands welcome to canada
 she asked me can u sign some tshirts bitch  is u smokin reefer
 county bans marijuana facilities in unincorporated areas 
 conecuh county commissioner john andrews  jr. charged with six counts of unlawful distribution of marijuana
 its thursday. know what that means  photo @firstwefeast beefribs @ blue smoke 
 county bans marijuana facilities in unincorporated areas 
 sexy smoked corned beef thx stockyardphilly for saving my day @ stockyard 
 when u wake up hungover then u smoke a lil weed amp ur resurrected af like we back in this thang batch 
 @merrinish @steampunkmuppet @pativersensbn @hollyholl @roberttiffin @classlicity @jenn9772 @erinbdbd i smoke meats. so to speak. i stay.
 interviews ... as a music fan i got close to the artist ... but they wanted the three ws weed  wine and the west coast  @zanelowe sxsw
 @veeduh25 good weed out the garbage fair weather fans
 cant wait to check the non smoker box at my check up tomorrow.
 orange county weed man 
 @realdonaldtrump we elected you for your honesty and caring manor amp we dont need another drug war on cannabis after so many have been helpd
 when did u smoke  
 ur wasting ur time  ur wasting ur life  all u do is smoke  al u do is chill   ok and what
 i wish @jimmyjohns would make a smoked salmon sandwich bringonthelocks seafood
 drinking a smoked maple porter by @glbccleveland at @glbccleveland  
 well the first game. did not disappoint holy smokes
 thats some brown ass weed 
 @jessbaron96 @kristennmhill also bc ur cig smoke goes directly in my face and i die otherwise
 @rubisclarwhats he smokeing
 take the journey with weed tarts  couch potatoes amp cookie packs new  delicious and amazingly priced. 
 this show u everything u got the goverment on ur side dude no u pass here u go check mate walk up down smelt my weed she no problem with
 .@outsmartdawn speaking up @ western business alliance lgbt economic summit. can marijuana tax help solve homeless 
 neighbors next door to proposed medical marijuana growing facility in york say no  what will the city say tonigh 
 @investwatchblog the dnc going up n smoke... 
 @govricketts  pls do ur research on medical marijuana before u say no. it helps many. dont let ur prejudice cloud ur decision.
 we are out @pivotbrewing tonight.  to celebrate st. pattys day we introduce the queben.  smoked corned beef  kra 
 neleg no 2 thomas williams. hes uneducated remedical marijuana. its ok to say no if u have the facts. he doesnt
 @ggreenwald @lhfang @imillhiser the less or no meat crowd is growing like weeds  which is good because they lean hard left. fair game
 if u smoke u die  if u drink u die  if u eat u die  if u love u die  no matter what u die  so do whateva u want homie cuz u gon die anyways.
 i really think if u smoke a juul at the age of 17 and under u need to stop
 tb to thon weekend with the famous kevin weeden  @ bryce jordan center 
 @jjankovics1489 @gingawattitude @beegrink @msmith312 ive been telling britt about the wonder that is red rocks. plus marijuana
 put my heart in a blunt like its laced smoke it up then go to outer space
 @clydenancy @franfraschilla and those facts are  jj attorney tried paying her off...where theres smoke there is usually 
 @everydayvoices godpapa wants to put him to work eating  i mean  weeding the backyard. dillonmatthew
 woodford smoked burnt honey manhattan bourbon woodfordreserve swiftandsons manhattan @ 
 habeas cannabis attorney blows smoke is back read about ending federal marijuana prohibition  
 that weed is brown as fuck 
 i hate a mf who cant afford their habits  go get u some money amp smoke ur own weed honey 
 i just need to smoke and laugh it all off
 drinking a smokey and the brett dank tank by @sweetwaterbrew @ shiremanstown  
 come join us sparrowoutandabout openmic smokehouselive @ smokehouse live 
 after u smoke that  
 prepping done. ready for the smokers. all 400 lbs of it. @ moxie 
 @chefsymon my beef is corned. tempted to smoke it. should i resist the urge for st paddys sake
 @beerworks smoked rye ale beer craftbeer beerporn moredrinkstour drinklocal @ salem beer 
 bacon and smoked salmon.  drinking a rauch lager bier by @laverybrewing at @laverybrewing   
 a little sweet but solid balance with hop bitterness. crisp.  drinking a wolf among weeds @ boccellas deli  
 drinking a blackberry daze ipa by @anchorbrewing @ blowin smoke  
 @kayoftoday hav u smoked a blunt
 omg i have apocalypse weed in the freezer 
 looking for a new bff non smoker non ugly non private on twits
 drinking a pernicious weed by @garageproject at @pub365  
 drinking a smoked rye rampd by @beerworks at @beerworks   photo
 when ur dad gets a dui and tries to give u advice about driving on weed thx but no thx
 poppin smoke poppin smoke poppin smoke
 constant visits from the atf so i copped some cribs in the atl  martha stewart decorated both  snoop dogg donated the smoke
 goodnight from @djgroberts and aurouralowenfield @ rosa parks hempstead transit center 
 just found out my straight laced lawyer cousin smokes weed every day i knew she was a ride or die chola ass bitch
 gtf outa here... legalize weed 
 @diopkibwe i dont see u anymore cause ur not tryna smoke wit me before u leave to texas
 constant visits from the atf. so i cop some cribs in the atl. martha stewart decorated both. snoop dogg donated the smoke
 @jeffsessions medical marijuana got me of 10yrs of opiate use for my neuropathy chronic pain sciatica scoliosis arthritis amp it works
 me likey @davischef1212 corned beef with smoke infused stewed cabbage. herbed carrots  and roasted potato. with a black amp tan reduction.
 @jeffsessions watching your news conference sounds like big opiate pharmacy lobbyist got to you to ban safe medical marijuana keep pills
 county bans new marijuana operations  phases out others 
 snoop dogg donated the smoke
 @joshcspencer @bbcbreaking yeah isnt it no one should play in this big sandbox.dont use war perils as a smokescreen 4 gaffes trump
 incident on westhempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to west hempstead station 
 incident on westhempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to west hempstead station 
 the angry leprechaun is back and this time its smokin. fried egg  cheddar  smoked corned beef 
 @dshariatmadari @realscientists antipsychoticnaive patients also smoke more and most smoke prior to first episode so probably not
 cleared incident on westhempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to west hempstead station
 cleared incident on westhempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to west hempstead station
 @pgh311 weeds growing everywhere and the concrete is crumbling
 who on my tl dont smoke 
 @smclaughlin9 people who badly need to do some weed
 we play music and the people just give us free weed
 @goonertilidie19 @arsenal4life777 every element of this club from top to bottom needs to be weeded out fans who accept this are guilty
 well  im over a week into being smoke free  and ive had minimal cravings  some irritability  but nothing terrible.
 @eraseshitislam @tengop wars are fought in godsallahs names and we are pitted against each other all over religion which is smokemirrors
 @greaterspokane funny when people giggle when the word marijuana is mentioned stateofthecounty spokane washington
 my neighbors gave me weed infused coconut butter happystpatricksday
 smoked corned beef and chefs cabbage 6 or 8 oz of perfectly smoked and seasoned corned beef brisket and chefs cab 
 if u never smoked a blunt in the shower then u sleep 
 cookie weed is my cologne
 i only smoke weed n every few months shrooms for a new perspective. i cant fw u if u do other drugs  regularly @ that .
 nonfiction of nuclear experimentation and marijuana prohibition 
 @oliviamfbarton needs to smoke a blunt outchea on oblock fr
 ohio is that a weed i am calling the police. 
 @snoop dogg help im help children in need of medical marijuana springteemedicalmarijuanagoodies 
 la bohme in west village  delicious fresh flavours  amazing smoked salmon. get the marie antoinette for dessert 
 10 days of brine  15 hours of smoke and the corned beef is ready  happy st. patricks day 
 great black angel @ wicked weed brewing 
 the java wafe madura  unusual shape but very flavorful  smooth  and a short sweet smoke for the 
 not in to corned beef come try your brisket smoked  and celebrate st. patricks day with 
 drink up on tap now is our scotch ale aged w smoked habaneros 9.5   badbrewing stpatricksday drinklocal 
 makin smoked corned beef brisket and i got all the flavors of beer happystpatricksday @ 
 corned beef going in the smoker. gave it a pastramistyle rub so itll be a bit different than pure corned beef  bu 
 salty and smokey  drinking a peanut butter and bacon by @witchshatbrew @ witchs hat brewing   
 solid porter.  nice smokey and roasted coffee flavors.  drinking a porter by @rileysbrewing @ rileys   
 feature  housemade smokedsalmonricottastuffed ravioli  brown butter  almondgreen pea purea  black sesame 
 drinking a smoked apple amp jalapeno foreign export stout by @witchshatbrew @ witchs hat brewing  
 chicken legs done  about gone. corned beef done. cabbage just added. bacon wrapped onion rings on smoker. 1 more co 
 great smokehouse pub to watch ncaa tourney games in wrigleyville. oldcrowsmokehouse chicago 
 6.00 potato farls for appetizers 10.00 dublin coddle 15.00 corned beef amp smoked cabbage 8.00  guinness cake 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 applewood smoked corned beef for tonights super fries  and an alameda island irish dry stout. 
 smoky and delicious.  drinking a smoked apple amp jalapeno foreign export stout @ witchs hat brewing   photo
 spike up your stpatricksday with a cannabis drink all infused drinks are 10 off all day today pnw mmj 
 drinking an oberon ale by @bellsbrewery @ hittmanns bar amp smokehouse  
 drinking an irish whiskey finish by @innisandgunnuk @ sublime smoke  
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 if you drop the blunt ur out the rotation unless its ur weed  
 drinking an irish stout barrel aged jameson whiskey by @innisandgunnuk @ sublime smoke  
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 newport kids be confused about this fog but its probably everyones juul smoke
 drinking a leprechaun lager by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station  
 @colebeldingg im tryna smoke cigs
 ohhhhh emmmmm gosssshhhhhhh. amazing smoked corned beef reuben you 
 drinking a smoke amp dagger w sour pumpkin by @jacksabby @ grandview  
 @badlin @ilrcsf ok what ever that is xdlol my weed delivery is here xdlol 
 scoop ill smoke u out
 drinking an experimental 5 sour by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station   photo
 @chocolatetaye1 aww yea try wine or smoke if u do lol
 my grandma liked both videos that i shared on facebook about legalizing weed..does this mean she approves
 ur homeless but u can afford a phone  internet  amp the weed that u just took a pic of amp put it on insta.... please get ur shit together
 drinking a pontificator smoked doppelbock by @karbachbrewing @ s.o.s bar amp lounge  
 drinking weedwacker and taking pics with brockwagner1. thank 
 drinking a barrel aged peat smoked porter by @craftybbrewery @ walton asylum   photo
 my 1 goal in life is to smoke a blunt with snoop dogg
 this smokey bones about to bless my stomach greatly 
 winston weedshirt 2017 coming for all u ladies
 u know ur out of ziploc bags when u use gdamn glad wrap to put ur weed in
 happy st. patricks day im drinking pinot noir and watching weeds from the bathtub 
 life 4 me is just weed n brews
 ima smoke this blunt with or without u 
 i only smoke beer
 the insomnia delivery guy just swapped us our cookie order free of charge in exchange for some of our weed.
 @afterdook also hey lets smoke weed next week
 hey siri how do u smoke smarties
 i can. its delicious...both the swisher and weed 
 when u bullshittin for the weed 
 3 words better than i love you ... you smoke weedl 
 so i found out who actually stole that niggas weed that he blamed me for  yourfriendsarenttrue
 ncaa wants 2 weed out the nonpower 5s as quickly as possible  it appears.theres a lot of quality  being played at non p5.gregg marshall
 gave smoke the game on the hockey... now he eating too..  
 smokey joes west. the biggest little smoke shop in the american southwest.@americanna @jena4n @mooshushu 
 how u gonna be satisfied in life when ur unemployed but ur daily mission is to just smoke weed
 follow @andybrackets right here @llhoops for updates of the hempfield boys games at 1pm.
 @j0shmcdowell do u even do weed
 medical amp recreational marijuana a hot topic at 29th annual roth conference  by @laureljmintz 
 plymouth police pack up over 200 lbs of marijuana. the drugs will be taken to a facility to be destroyed by inciner 
 smokin weed and drinking beer in the am... 
 u dont choke u dont smoke 
 not champagne but canned sophia sparkling wine paired well w macncheese n @patagonia smoked salmon no photos @foodwineclick winophiles
 music and cannabis growing. 
 breh niggas really destroyed a field of marijuana in gundam 00 lol
 have you tried cannabis infused coffeehttpst.cokcyvpmnvil cannabis coffee saturdaymorning pnw
 starting the day with lina newtobaccovillage  stop by amp hang for a smoke epiccigars 
 the people have spoken @jeffsessions its far past time to decriminalize marijuana. welcome to the 21st century. medicalmarijuana
 @kmartinn27 we can smoke in the garage all night 
 its not necesse a smoked beer  but if you like that profile  this ... exit 7  pork roll porter 
 lovely english ale with low carbonation. mildly hopped  richly malted. l... ember smoked old ale 
 tyler glasnow hangs a breaking ball that daniel nava smokes back up the middle for a oneout single.
 when u get weed in ur mouth while smoking 
 drinking a nooner pilsner by @sierranevada @ 12 bones smokehouse  
 just tapped @royalcitybrew smoked honey @amsterdambeer raspberry wheat and 3 speed lager and @4fathersbrewing wee gobshite rye pale ale
 u a smoker now bbq 
 drinking a smoked porter by @newportstorm @ newport storm brewery   photo
 @american1765 cannabis is legal here  you laughably ignorant redneck. welcome to the 21st century... even if you have to be dragged into it
 zailes said bourbon smelt like marijuana amp barf  welcome to nola
 do u smoke weed 
 san dimas public works superintendent john campbells awesome smoked pulled pork. 
 great first day smoke @ anaheim convention center 
 drinking a smoked pomegranate by @southcitycider at @taplands   photo
 but tht house w| bre   marian and ville nem  gonna stay smoked out  ima stay cursing them out 
 im at the witches brew in west hempstead  ny 
 drinking a forgeworks smoked porter by @gizmobrewworks at @gizmobrewworks  
 on beale st watching a saxophonist play while he smokes a cigarette. art
 almost tastes smoked  drinking a rauchbier by @triumphpton at @triumphpton    photo
 its a day late but the corned beef and cabbage is in the smoker 
 drinking a smoked lavender stout by @scratchbeer @ scratch brewing company   photo
 with weed im.bedazzled as fall my knees n cry all day but my life is been all i been seeing in my head shared with u
 seriously the best...  drinking a nightcall smoked porter by @karben4 @ waterford valley   
 straight up weed no angel dust
 drinking a tinytank stout by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station   photo
 drinking an ember smoked old ale by @whbcllc @ wort hog brewing co.  
 drinking a smoked imperial pilsner by @stockyardsbeer at @stockyardsbeer  
 good beer whilst shoveling snow.  drinking a per diem @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 laugh or smoke or both 
 drinking a nitro red ale by @squattersbeers @ david alan alans smokehouse saloon  
 drinking a tarnation by @baxterbrewing @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 drinking a kentucky bourbon barrel ale by @kentuckyale @ david alan alans smokehouse saloon  
 florida teen arrested after 30 cases of beer  marijuana found in truck 
 drinking a pamola xtra pale ale by @baxterbrewing @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 drinking a bamberg smoked lager by @royalcitybrew at @sfreeman1   photo
 u ever not realise when the weed hits u bc u were busy thinkin
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ sliders grill amp bar  
 drinking an all day ipa by @foundersbrewing @ smoke bbq   photo
 a smoke and a brew... that will do donkey  that will do @ the big 
 at smoke amp barrel with tonia and pepe next to a table with a non black poc maybe...could be white wearing a dashiki
 drinking a dirty bastard by @foundersbrewing @ david alan alans smokehouse saloon  
 drinking a oscars chocolate oatmeal stout by @sandcreekbrew @ david alan alans smokehouse saloon  
 if u in college club rn and tryna smoke hmu 
 drinking a smokestack black ipa by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station  
 come on  @jeffsessions marijuana is a lot better for chronic pain than prescription drugs. 
 bold with a good hit of smoke.  drinking a dirty frank stout by @rebrewing @ rivers edge brewing co   
 @aerobicjim @tailormadecoug i agree. im not a fan of corned beef. cant smoke it either.
 all these highschoolers are out here trying to smoke weed everyday. pls why dont you try to get into a better college smh
 drinking a smoked hop scottish export by @fieldhousebeer at @fieldhousebeer  
 just posted a photo @ smokes poutinerie ottawa 
 drinking a firestarter smoked pumpkin porter by @fatbottombrews @ the hop yard   photo
 drinking a wickd threesome by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station  
 free smoke is just ridiculous
 instead of boiling my home corned beef i smoked it for 6 hours pleasing both by irish amp jewish 
 free smoke  watch how you speak on my name.
 collab with @samueladamsbeer  drinking a bosxaus  smoked oyster stout @ infamous brewing company   photo
 San Diego
 is orlandos smoke game strong  or is a john carpenter film about to break out
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm@
 i need to smoke omfg 
 @krashing u smoke out ur ass
 this is why i always check the weed before pullin off 
 do u dip ur weed in ranch
 drake completely destroyed free smoke
 @realdonaldtrump .@carlpaladino brought amp plz let me know if u hear me i tweet u all the time.amp dont bring marijuana in your war on drugs
 mmm  sour and smokey  drinking a no regrtze by @toolbeer @ bcs pizza amp beer    photo
 free smoke gtgtgtgt
 drinking a bockslider by @martinhousebrew @ kennys smokehouse  
 @linalovesit apple pie chocolate lollipops with your name on it or some award winning traditional cannabis 
 incident on hempsteadbranch both directions from hempstead station to new york penn station 
 incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions from west hempstead station to new york penn station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch both directions from hempstead station to new york penn station 
 incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions from west hempstead station to new york penn station 
 when u just tryna smoke and u keep inhaling thru the carb 
 when everyone is out drinking n smoking weed and ur ovr here playing spongebob monop lol
 im high eating cranberries  legalize weed to lower rate of obesity
 when you smoke out the pizza delivery guy and he offers to deal to u  
 @yunggoth300 wya im wid my shoota pull up pussy boi u dont want no smoke 
 light smoke. wellrounded flavorful brew. thanks richard  drinking a rcw 70.160 @ smoke discount   photo
 i smoke blunts n rokk designer in all my piktures if ion like u its fukk u n whoever witkhu 
 if u dnt smoke weeed ur a fuckin lame and i wont talk to u
 i smoked another doobie brett
 free smoke gtgtgtgt
 drinking a smoke alley by @halfacrebeer@tocayobrewingco at @randomtap  
 drinking a triple smoke barrel aged chub step by @halfacrebeer at @randomtap  
 @melliemacker fuck ya the one u can smoke in is the only bar in any airport imho but that one in particular is not bad
 also update my  smells like bud. i smoked an unhealthy amount of weed yesterday at my bears bday event. worth it 
 also.... update my  smells like bud. i smoked an unhealthy amount of weed yesterday at my bests bday event. worth it
 @coolahhmal u smoke what i smoke so dont do that .. 
 @chefsymon pastrami smoked over apple wood. recipe courtesy of chef symons carnivore. tonightsdinner succulent 
 just posted a video @ smoke hookah shop amp lounge 
 good weed amp positve vibes chillmoody 
 when the smoke clears amp the dust settles  who is really there for you
 @jfjoyce6 nice try ur weed sucks
 @pharrell why in ur profile pic are you dressed like the crackhead character from chapelle show cmon u dnt smoke crack
 im at @fatbobs smokehouse in buffalo  ny 
 applewood smoked salmon  bbqdetroit detroit barbecue barbeque eat salmon seafood foodie 
 wheres smokey the bear 
 i want to smoke and get down on some video games. its been awhile
 about to go to a weed job fair  i luv 2017
 when wokker does something... we do it right wagyu beef patty with smoked gouda on a brioche 
 drinking a traditional lager by @yuenglingbeer @ oakwood smokehouse amp grill   photo
 me and josh smoker 
 smokey goodness  drinking a smokestack black ipa by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station    photo
 very mild scotch ale. well balanced with just a touch of smoke in the malt.... old chub  photo
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew at @orioles   photo
 when you back in tta let me kno so i can out smoke that ass 
 drinking a phantasmas spicy ipa by @3dbrewing @ the smokehouse barbecue and brews  
 drinking smokes and smoking beer
 florida state legislature  these are your constituency supporting medical cannabis. its about 
 @blkryangosling @djtwostacks yo fools who smoked dust was on another level like frealz that is a crazy person drug. only psychos smoked dust
 pulled pork without bread for pj  and smokehouse burger for moi westchestereats yummyinmytummy 
 interesting flavor  drinking a humboldt brown hemp ale by @humboldtbrewing @ norge  va    photo
 jesss tiny white ass just put on spanish music for us to smoke to and is singing hard  she is now brown by association.
 good overall porter. hint of smoke  chocolate milk and vanill... blacksmith smoked porter  photo
 if u smoke like this pls dont hit my blunt 
 @sgtbigc @gopin2020 @jessiejaneduff if there is an advocate careful how u answer qs you are wo pad food gas smokes ....think b4 u answer
 drinking an ipa by @lagunitasbeer @ bootleggers modern american smokehouse  
 my new slang for marijuana is jazz cabbage
 why smoke cigarettes when u can smoke weed
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 air quality health advisory for wildfire smoke for southeastern boulder county due to sunshinefire cofire 
 smoke and bourbon. a fun beer.  drinking a smoked smaug lager by @smogcitybeer @ steel craft    photo
 we love pairing san diego craft beer with our slow smoked bbq   whats your favorite combo 
 @touque42 @theburkereport smoker is out  shorts and flip flops here all week. just dont get too high and flip out of my floppers
 @brendonurie and the smokes in that cigarette box on the table they just so happen to be laced with nyatroglycerin replacesonglyricswithnya
 i need to smoke blunts n do hw
 beers and brisket at the smokehouse   america. florida vacation @ epcot  walt disney world 
 drinking a smoked chocolate stout by @lionbridgebrew at @lionbridgebrew  
 if u too stupid when u high bro u dont need to smoke period
 corned beef marked down 50 mustard rubbed and smoked grillagirl @ the pit crew hideaway at 
 just posted a photo @ aampa smokers outlet 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ joes cafe   photo
 drinking a smoked hefeweizen by @bingbrew at @foodfirebbq   photo
 if we go down in flames the smoke will spell my name
 @asvprudyy what u smoke swishers
 the smokeys treated us well 
 im here with my baby and the crew. at @brazenbbq smokehouse amp bar in san diego  ca 
 also holy smokes this game champszn
 incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17n  hempstead avenue 
 malty smoked salmon taste without overwhelming u  drinking a manzanita by @fortpointbeer at @mvbeerworks   
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17n  hempstead avenue
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway eb at exit 17n  hempstead avenue
 cold smoked course  ji kinmeidai and sawara both lightly cherrywood 
 u bet amp great weed not brown crap 
 10 dollar gz bih we only smoke dubs
 just posted a photo @ st smoke shop 
 lmaoooo  damn. weed 
 im at pilot travel center  @pilotflyingj in weed  ca 
 all the weed mans like vita amp she a clown for not fwt
 have u ever smoke by urself eye closed  music playing in the headphones  feel like u in ur own outer space
 nothin like when u smokin in ur car and a cop pulls someone else over and u think they pullin up on u while u parked n smoke... bejeezus
 sleepover @ cassys  im sleeping with the smell of weed 
 @internetsyd smoke with us outside the venue
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 i love snoking weed 
 @snoopdogg snoop is this a pic of weed fog that u have posted on twitter or what
 i need some weed to breathe in
 @bcchas @realjfairclough it will only take 12 hours on the smoker.  more then welcome to join us.
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 used to smokers hot line ads during sabres games but during a wwii documentary
 this nigga had me choking lolbs smokeydollars2015.  facts coming real soon so watch us work... 
 i love a garden of cupcakes...... no weeds please.      baking cupcakes decorate flowers frosting talent 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 new showroom for store 1274  hempstead  ny ..increase those sales. 
 @readybroward to all my broward neighbors if you like bbq you have to try out smoke bbq a1a and oakland blvd. awesome bbq
 i jus woke up from a dream where a gang of gd niggas amp bitches in this huge ass chevy tahoe kidnapped me amp smoked me out amp brought me home
 at only full public hearing on growing rules for ohio medical marijuana program.
 @jaycee24 @aclu u are correct...all are factors for instanceim in crazy florida w redneckrepugs since election  i smokemuch more herb
 rick ross bought some cribs in the atl martha stewart decorated both snoop provide the smoke 
 just posted a photo @ smokey mountains 
 someone help me study for my precalc exam and ill smoke u out n order us pizza
 if u smoke u die  if u drink u die  if u eat u die  if u love u die  no matter what u die  so do whateva u want homie cuz u gon die anyways.
 i said a beef hot links  i said a beef hot links  i said a brat  beef calbasa  hot smoked sausage  cheddar works 
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 brewery 1  flight time @ wicked weed brewing 
 nate dogg hope you ready for the next episode  hey hey hey hey...  me  several seconds too early smoke weed every 
 and so i can smoke in the bathtub omg
 bigpharma lobbyists influencing politicians so their profits arent hurt by marijuana.
 entrepreneurs want homegrown growers for ohio medical marijuana 
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 sb341 new revises provisions relating to marijuana establishments and medical marijuana establishments. bdr 40... 
 i hate girls that say  all u do is smoke  bitch..all u do is bitch amp complain.. so we even right 
 please someone enlighten the fuck outa me how da fuck do you suck at smoking weed killll yourselfs
 @andymilonakis na  that means you can smoke x laced blunts
 @politico @vivigold197 @hillaryclinton and you dont just out that. you wait  and weed out the traitors.
 randall with old smoked dark chocolate from violet sky. the smoked c... whats my name amber ale 
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue
 that guilty satisfaction u get when u accodentally blow smoke in a runners face. sorry yall
 got my smoked beer fix fucking delicious. liquid bacon. sex.... mr. elegante smoked porter 
 happy my saturday...  drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ joes place popcorn machine    photo
 @carypigman i think you and @askdrbarry should chat.. er doc to er doc.. about medical cannabis and how it can help floridians.
 dr. dre heyyyeyyyeyyyeyyyy  everyone smoke weed every day 
 @tonyonfood its smoked chocolate  an amazing spicy smokey flavour. duckseatery 
 pot of gold marijuana sales soar as beer drinkers make the switch  
 why they just spell smoke out like that  
 drinking a schimmelfennig smoked ale by @abcbrew @ appalachian brewing company   photo
 when someone whos uneducated about the subject of marijuana tries to argue with you about it 
 guy smoking weed at the mockingbird @dartmedia station.  it stinks.
 pure bliss. still one of the best heavy char  barrel aged stouts. ge... paradox smokehead  photo
 do i eat tha weed cookie or a weed candy
 please dont hate me @nickop4546 but the smoke was so tempting portrait candid 
 lets not fall into another smoke screen by 45 45 leaked the leaks himself let us not let him get us into a war before he is impeached
 bae vibes @jizzaraw and weed keep me motivated and inspired 
 whoever created @littlecaesars smokehouse pizza should be reassigned a new job.  brisket and pulled pork on a pizza disgusting. yuck
 @crazyeaglefan95 @danwetzel @osucoachmeyer oh no the weed
 @hannahmaccabe @fabiannlopezz weeds or blacklist
 do you chill with kendrick have you smoked with q and dr. dre
 living in co means going outside to smoke a cigg amp your room mates coming in from his car amp just drips liquidated thc on ur palm casually
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 team pr could use sanchez smokey eyebrow rally photos right about now is all im saying.
 why is the weed man not answering 
 @ayewildchild smoke 1 
 so i walk into the middle of the dinner party and im like  i brought a cannabis infused apple 
 whats ur fav genre of weed
 @alecshock @jerppyjeff @kujawski @mental our aw squad would literally smoke u
 hate non smokers with a passion
 weed firm replanted. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 if ur up and tryn to smoke hml
 kellyanne conway thinks that where there there is smoke theres fire. bold stance in this administration. 
 should i do cannabis infused hot wings or street tacos  pyp420artparty  
 h3177 new further regulating the manufacture and sale of certain commercial marijuana products 
 when ur prof puts a pic of him holding his baby as proof that weed doesnt affect ur sperm 
 smoke a little weed in the back couch hideaway
 h3163 new regulating the sale of recreational marijuana 
 @shamelessfrankg my sister n i wizhed weed of been there. huggz.kizzez..mizz u...
 i said a beef hot links x2  i said a brat beef kielbasa hot smoked sausage cheddarwurst 
 i am trying to finish my chem hw  not hear about ur friends bf trying to make u smoke but  ur like  totally  like not about it dude 
 drinking a smoked porter by biercamp @ biercamp artisan sausage amp jerky  
 why is it harder to quit smokeing cigs then weed
 the weed culture is trash down here all these stingy chronic schmokers  if i spark up n u around me then u hitting it 2
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 dr. dre hey  hey  hey  hey   nate dogg smoke weed everyday 
 @orlandosports suspended six games for smoking weed @ncaa this is ridiculous
 you trynna smoke us o... buy me some fo...  fye me u...    
 reuniting with all the boys for that smoke session gtgtgtgt
 plus its obviously followed by smoke session and well probably join bear later for some serious hangs 
 @chrisrenne   yeah..warriors had smoked them 8 of 9 and cavs miraculously got better over night...gotcha.
 tastes like weed.  awesome pineyresinydank hops.  drinking a double dry hopped suparillo @ city hops   photo
 about to smoke some beef ribs for tomorrow  see you then smokering bbqribs beefribs 
 just posted a photo @ smokey mountains 
 great smoky flavor  drinking a nightcall smoked porter by @karben4 @ el dorado hills  ca   
 2 sexual attacks  1 in great neck  the other in west hempstead.. common thread ...this delivery mans paper route. 
 a nice and kinda sunny smoke cigars olivia connecticut and some local sessions brew  
 racism investigation at west hempfield middle...
 anothe reefer madness prediction bites the dust. legalize nomoredrugwar 
 wow  welll done with the balance.  drinking a fully smoked lager by @newoberpfalz @ new oberpfalz brewing   
  @ north hempstead aquatic activity center in new hyde park  ny 
 i just so badly want to smoke a fatty to the dome and paint an awesome picture 
 really big dipa. lots of citrus rind and weeds.. very nice  drinking a megalodom @ craig brewing company  
 heading to @vvcasinocenter for rhcp2017  up your foodie concert consumption game with slow smoked pulled pork bbq 
 just a weed growing out of a foundation.  igkansascity igkcmo igkc kansascityinstagram 
 shimmelfenigsshemmrlfinigs. sweeter than most smoked beers... schimmelfennig smoked ale  photo
 kathy bangley  planning director  reviewed the ordinance. dispensing marijuana is not exactly same as retail  1495 patients in florida
 @lionhearted1996 weed
 drinking a blaze smoked porter by @fuggleswarlock at @fuggleswarlock  
 the only good thing about it being dead and brown out is that u can find your weed if u drop it  jenna on hiking jefferson memorial
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 when someone sees u taking a dab and u have to explain why ur freebasing weed
 sooo whos trying to smoke with me now that im back in ohio 
 free smoke        pearlopticphotography peoplecreatives portrait lightroom 
 drinking a hopslam ale by @bellsbrewery @ smoke stack brew house  
 yooooooooo we know u smoke
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 hey @johnmayer i love pelican cases too. they double as great smell proof containers for traveling with marijuana too. pelicanporn
 great smokey flavor.  drinking a rauchbier by @triumphpton at @triumphpton    photo
 @potus my neuropathy sciatica spinal stenosis arthritis bulging disks scoliosis amp chronic pain are under control now w medical marijuana
 @jeffsessions neuropathy sciatica spinal stenosis arthritis bulging disks scoliosis amp chronic pain r under control due to medical marijuana
 @potus @jeffsessions 10yrs on opiates amp i finally got off that dangerous drug amp us medical marijuana for my neuropathy.mmj is a blessing.
 @ericmabius yum i can only imagine how good it smells. nothing like wood smoke and maple sap boiling down to syrup 
 way too much smoke  drinking a brokedown porter by @mckenziebrew at @mckenziebrew   
 excellent. why not smokestack series  drinking a rye on rye on rye 2017 @ kings landing 1916   photo
 @bricklarkin girls that smoke blacks disgust u
 @wahles54 @ji711 @nburzych ass and weed.....ass and weed...
 just posted a photo @ hempstead village  new york 
 sb416 new authorizes the formation of apprenticeship programs for medical marijuana establishment agents. bdr... 
 played with jared johnson today. what a great game and he is growing like a weed. at 15. i had to get on it to stay 
 @noahmloftin u and ur gf r goals  u two have sex 247 smoke weed 247 u make music and she makes art bye
 .@garageproject grapefruit  resiny  hop bite. delicious... pernicious weed  photo
  you were so quiet when we smoked but youre comedy lol   we should hang out again soon   and with jen. your booty cute too 
 free smoke  acgtoycg 5alive @ acorn place 
 my smoke sack better than urs 
 montreal smoked meat poutine foodporn foodpic foodphotography instagramfood delicious yum 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 a netflix documentary on marijuana say no mas 
 @joshsmoker goooooo smokeem if ya gotem @mets  
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 u got pics of urself smokin weed as ur pinned tweet bro i am not following u back
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 we urge our congressman @darrellissa to join the cannabiscaucus before congress allows doj unjustly to crack down on medical marijuana.
 @jammmyjam lmaoooo bitch thank u smoke w me soon
 just mashed in my pilot batch of smoked amber ale. smell that smoke 
 65 multifamily properties in travis county texas are smokefree. 2017nctoh
 @delreid is tending in buffalo now for his ridiculous pie rankings that only a life long cigarette smoker would agree with
 how many college foodcourts have ayce smoked meat at @uottawa in ottawa  on  
 gorsuchhearing sen whitehouse u said u smoke crack amp beat your wife neil gorsuch i never said that sw so u do lsd now ng r u insane
 via @acluwv wvpol  @wvsenate health amp human res committee considering sb386 medical cannabis bill this afternoon  
 null u smoke cigs 
 watching reruns of kuwtk and @robkardashian used to be a friggin smokeshow hot  rob pls stop eating  ur surrounded by resources
 florida medical marijuana patients  advocates say lawmakers are ignoring will of the voters by creating red tape  
 stands up well against the smoke.  drinking an off with your red by @rabbitholebrew at @planolockhart   
 join us march 30 in sf or via livecast for our series representing marijuana businesses after 
 finally got to try @alaskanbrewing smoked porter @acesandalestena in las vegas. smoked excellence. cradtbeer 
 all i do is smoke weed  play video games  eat gummy bears  watch disney  amp cuddle. u must b trolling or ur jus a rl 
 sex sales  weed sales
 the weed or the cookie 
 theres an awful lot of smoke but thats all it is  fairminded liberal choking to death on smoke  which is bad to breathe
 bucket list  420 smoke a blunt with snoop dogg
 when ur dealer gets all personal w u and u gotta act like u care but u just want weed
 drinking a ttime by @terrapinbeerco @ smokey cs barbque amp wings   photo
 bitch after u fucked u bought pizza and smoked me out stfu i even helped u pick ur outfit 
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 standing ovation from her senate colleagues. i think they know what comes next. paiva weed press conference starting in minutes.
 fun outdoor art. irequireart streetart @ cannabis station 
 yaw smoke 420710
 that hiatus kaioyte sample on free smoke is b. e. a. u. t. i. f. u. l
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 things just got waaaaay in the weeds  discussing 47 us code 227 and whether anyone texting from a smartphone viola 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station 
 join us for a cannabisthemed hh tomorrowthursday  323 at @ediboleats in the @artsdistrictla  rsvp 
 @allischemm you faved my tweet u tryn smoke
 famous amos got my own smoke
 @ericgarland @citizenjo repdevinnunes dear repnunes do u understand patriotism making a clandestine smokescreen 4 
 famous smoke shop famoussmokeshop is having a first responders appreciation day and  protocol 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ the exchange  
 the ending of weeds is making me emotional 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station
 mmmmm...nice porter  a hint of smoke.  thanks  ric  drinking a king titus @ casa de alcantara   photo
 a bit of smoked cedar and roasted coffee notes. tastes like a pinot noi... imperial stout  photo
 nyima ward would happily trade modeling for marijuana farming  va @wmag
 ill smoke u out 
 @littlecaesars your new smokehouse pizza is amazing
 subtle smoke  malt. beergood aztectemple  drinking an otto by @schillingbeer at @schillingbeer    photo
 @merrittgw wait  smoked mozzarella with preserved lemons on pizza sounds like we do need to discuss
 bbq while grocery shopping  this place is great  drinking a newfangled by @northpeakbeer @ j.bs smokehouse   
 light please  nice smoke.  drinking a smoked brown porter by @millworkshbg @ the man shed   
 drinking a fresh as helles by @samueladamsbeer @ jds smokehouse  
 drinking a grass monkey by @sweetwaterbrew @ jds smokehouse  
 @daninarins @kmhrt my weedman is the love of my life i can send him to u
 empire is on. idgaf about how long u been wantin to smoke. nigga im blazin and tuned in dont hit my line. i cant help u. idgaf how much u 
 how much weed did the refs smoke before the game
 just posted a video @ sweet smokeez bbq n soul food 
 all i do is brush my hair n smoke dope waveteam comin soon will be shittin on 95 of you.
 just posted a video @ sweet smokeez bbq n soul food 
 @mariealiseroth @irsean @gwcpro putting on a great program right now for san luis obispo county cannabis business association slommj
 time to smoke a fatty 
 this is the aged @patlafrieda tomahawk rib eye from pigbleeckernyc. its lightly smoked before 
 drinking a stoner duck nut brown hemp ale by @veniceduck at @melodylax  
 mconnell where u can smell weed in ur bathroom and beer in the hallways
 running out of bud is the worstltlt just want to smoke a fatty
 @cocacola amp pizza again today now im eating chocolate because duhh smoked ah dub.
 @happyholidays89 if ur in the market for  a nu whip ill give u a sweet deal on the crv. plus i can probs get most of the weed smell out
 @imatrippynigga drink a brew and puff some quality reefer
 putting them hempstead animal shelter on blast
 h3192 new establishing a balanced cannabis task force advisory board 
 ill bet woolly mammoths will be great smoked on a big green egg over some nice applewood chunks 
 @ericgarland @semenovaka after reading this  the us government should hand out free marijuana  xanax or any other drug to all americans.
 beginning of the album fuck a bitch  smoke these foools  ending let us pray  i love dmx  
 what u sold out n growing weed for russian wow all for lost ur only family married a whore as u
 we now carry local herbal smokes  brown bear herbs take a break and enjoy a social or ritual 
 orchard fire porter now available. 6.7 abv. brewed with beechwood and cherrywood smoked malts. 
 psa ur house fills with smoke and smells very bad when u forget to put water in the microwaveable mac and cheese bowls
 @travisgoodwin liaison newsome said it may be a twoyear battle. the aim now is to educate legislators on benefits of medical marijuana.
 @guccixpints u already kno lets smoke later
 contact us on 6268985049 if you are in need of painkillers  anxiety pills..medical marijuana..sleeping pills  inso 
 contact us on 6268985049 if you are in need of painkillers  anxiety  pills..medical marijuana..sleeping pills  ins 
 contact us on 6268985049 if you are in need of painkillers  anxiety  pills..medical marijuana..sleeping pills  ins 
 contact us on 6268985049 if you are in need of painkillers  anxiety  pills..medical marijuana..sleeping pills  ins 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 pizza water pizza fruit water pizza water pizza smoke break
 @palmerreport among the weeds
 second attempt to leave boise. evidently someone tried to smoke in the terminal which closed half the terminal.
 u know when u run out of weed so ur back and ur stomach ulcers start screaming at u yea same
 just ate bear meat and its really good. rip smokey the bear 
 @revaesharp hello rev. sharp  we thought youd like to join our virtual town hall on legalizing marijuana in il. pls dm us for more info
 im done for eternity. who wants to smoke an l
 im very thoughtfully entering the cannabis lifestyle. welcome brudda @johnmayer to the life highlife 
 holy smokes  drinking a vos the deferens by @atgbrewery at @atgbrewery    photo
 @seearaa would u still smoke this blunt
 ohio medical marijuana control program opportunity for public commentstate medical board files physician rules 
 we want all the smoke  @ cobb county  georgia 
 trying a beer flight and some burnt end hash at the smokehouse @wdwtoday epcotfresh wdw 
 me n jake fucked that smokehouse pizza up
 @jmv1070 all this talk about smokey and hammer down calls for a convoy reentry
 havent been here in ages restaurantweek localrestaurantweek at @fatbobs smokehouse in buffalo  ny 
 wicked weed  drinking a pernicious ipa by @wickedweedbeer @ basils restaurant amp pizza    photo
 from my sons middle school track meet to hempfield for ll girls senior allstar game for @lancastersports love what i do
 a nice smokey porter  drinking a noble dragon by @platformbeers @ sublime smoke    photo
 paying more 4 booze  tobacco and even weed i cant believe theyre axing the transit tax creditlefties will lose it 
 @qscottq @randyrieland @foxnews @seanhannity  there is a lot of smoke the bonfire will start soon i hope imagine if this was a dem outrage
 alternativebeers  drinking a smoked alt by @kinkaiderbrew @ yia yias    photo
 @politico45 @politico @henrycjjackson just get it right so dems can blow more smoke@fox
 straight up weed no angel dust
 another great ipa from stone...ahhhh  life is good.  drinking a stone enjoy by 04.20.17 @ sublime smoke   photo
 cleared incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions from west hempstead station to new york penn station
 cleared incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions from west hempstead station to new york penn station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch both directions from hempstead station to new york penn station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch both directions from hempstead station to new york penn station
 if u lk at the s its like... i cant a4d weed ampampamp healthcare  so 
 drank it before i could get a photo. its that good. drinklo... imperial smoked chipotle porter 
 drinking a smoke filled room by @hopbutcher @ not sure where   photo
 flights on flights on flights @ wicked weed brewing 
 a herd of deer crossed my path on smoketown today @ east buffalo 
 finally famous but aint too much really changed with us straight up weed no angel dust label us notorious
 drinking a bourbon barrel aged smokey moor by @fireflybrewing at @fireflybrewing  
 slightly but nicely smoked and full of flavor excellent beer... eleeven scotch ale  photo
 mystical communion   u havent sought god  but profoundly love sought u  yet  its just a handful of smoke 
 @mschlapp this is why noquarter tactics needed.  lots of smoke but where is the nuclear option now that we need to make clear to dems
 td with an absolute smoke shot huge rip hottytoddy
 drinking a gotlandsdrika smoked juniper ale by @105westbrewing @ 105 west brewery  
 drinking a smoke bomb smoke ale by @bankbrewing @ copper room  
 @cspan @tulsigabbard @tulsipress. this is wrong. the fact is weed is a gateway drug to harder drugs.it has been proven. stop the madness 
 but she smokes hookah at local college pub 
 sassypants  nationalpuppyday @ west hempstead  new york 
 i need my eye brows down someone pls. ill smoke u out
 habeas cannabis lawyer blows smoke  ridin high gt  weed cannabis 
 @seanhannity do you smoke crack or just heroin what ever  it is you have proven that you are not fit to be a usa citizen. die muthafucka
 finding ur bag of weed u thought u lost on monday is literally the best thing in the world.
 the whiter the ash the better quality of the weed.
 did u know u can buy weed at the home depot 
 @highlandgranada im a huge reposado fan but lately have been sneaking some tastes of mezcal.  love that smoke.  lt3
 @savannahana no u fool if i wrote anything itd be i  weed u know that
 just posted a photo @ st smoke shop 
 @benishaan195 whats the status of old women and men say in ctian us or the west bad customs within dharmics are weeded out at the least.
 im responsible for your smoke
 dnt u hate when u tell ur fam ur gonna go eat but rlly ur gnna smoke  then u come home hungry af but u cant blow ur cover so u just starve.
 great weed and video games
 when u move home from college u start smoking weed with ur mom
 this is the smoke leading us to the fire. 
 breakingnews bryceville wildfire now 75 contained. smoke amp fog force closure of cr 119 brown cr 121 and 301 @wjxt4
 join us today and lets enjoy some awesome smokes by @epcarrillo  
 not a uk fan by any means  but i hope they smoke ucla just to shut up lavar ball
 @therealterron armedampdangerous 8 2many can hang w is  only weed no angel dust label us notoriousscramblin gamblin...lets ride...b i g
 wildfire update on @actionnewsjax hoping to increase containment tonight. focused on mopping up today. still a lot of smoke out.
 @revortraga18 smoke weed about it
 tackling cancer treatment myths  from clean eating to cannabis 2017  with scientific evidence linked 
 .@alivelshi you are correct on hc costs  outcomes in the us. former sen tom coburn is blowing smoke. yes  we do better wcancer. thats it.
 lex12 cigar event today at lil brown smoke shack 
 sea smoke southing 2012  pinot noir  a.o.c. los angeles @ a.o.c. 
 tackling cancer treatment myths  from clean eating to cannabis 2017  with scientific evidence linked 
 im at federal hill smokehouse in erie  pa 
 @ravenbachand smoke detectors are for losers
  about to smoke this blunt and heading to the gym. yall welcome to join
 im at docs commerce smokehouse  @docscommercebbq in milwaukee  wi  
 drinking an orange blossom pilsner by @obpbuzz @ the smokehouse barbecue and brews   photo
 drinking a phantasmas spicy ipa by @3dbrewing @ the smokehouse barbecue and brews   photo
 drinking a maple bacon stout by @shipyardbrewing @ the smokehouse barbecue and brews   photo
 congratulations to liberty station american tavern and smokehouse on your recent opening and ribbon cutting. 
 check out puss and weed 
 drinking a blah blah blah ipa by @21stamendment @ the bull and barrel smokehouse  
 the 7 steps to a beef n cheese used @rockinrubs steak mojo rub. smoked the beef round to 126 
 we smoke  we laugh  we talk about the vision
 very very tart. but a hint of smoke. love it.  drinking a motorik at @rightproperbeer   photo
 meet mr. right  made with niagara barrel smoke  elijah craig bourbon  antica formula and chocolate bitters.  
 i need a smoke and a beer
 when your weedies gets a photo shoot and you dont 
 peacekeeper porter is back sessionable english porter with notes of chocolate and smoke. 4.1 abv 
 drinking a juice by smoke brewing co. @ smoke brewing company  
 drinking a black udder by smoke brewing co. @ smoke brewing company  
 drinking a keltic kross by smoke brewing co. @ smoke brewing company  
 drinking a butcher block pils by smoke brewing co. @ smoke brewing company  
 drinking an irish water by smoke brewing co. @ smoke brewing company  
 come join us for a smoke with micallef cigars 3rd generation sanchez family is joining us. 
 please remember smokeys famous words only you can prevent forrest fires  blpcares 
 tengo pizza and weed ...  
 when ur peak is overwhelming so u leave ur friends to smoke a menthol in the back and chill out 
 i smoke em to da mf nub u dig... @ cleveland  ohio 
 go big or go home  drinking an arrogant bastard ale by @arrogantbastard @ smoke    photo
 tgif  yall smokey meets bourbon is back our reserve series smoked vanilla porter aged in 
 drinking a felix by @bentwaterbrewco @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 sooo bored im just tryna smoke 
 drinking a super fresh by @peakbrewing @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 howtoachieveinnerpeace smoke weed with snoop and wiz
 hey  @ north hempstead  new york 
 @themira so u may not drink smoke or has sex u still have sin in ur life .
 u telling me u got cali weed and u pull up and ya shit dry as fuck smelling like some homegrown in the closet weed 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ luckys brew pub   photo
 i really wanted to like this beer...just hohum  drinking a red velvet by @bpbrewing @ sublime smoke    photo
 when u smoke grip gtgtgtgt
 the hempsons tee emeriken emerikentshirtcompany clothingbrands hypebeast tshirts 
 talking shop with humboldt  cabased cannabis authorphotographer gooey rabinski  
 bitter chocolate  smoke  minty  and some roast. had better.... beer for breakfast  photo
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 cannabis health radio episode 32 author gooey rabinski on the health benefits of medical cannabis 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb at hempstead station 
 drinking a smoked maple brown by @fmbrewing @ first magnitude brewing  
 @fumijapanese love it. wanna do a trade of foods i can bring you some great smoked chicken tasso and andouille sausage for some dinner 
 drinking an ee tah ipa  by @avbc @ sublime smoke   photo
 lets rock it tonight  boys  drinking a zombie dust by @3floyds @ hittmanns bar amp smokehouse   
 your friday treat the brand new el bandito  a lightly smokey cocktail with a citrus punch let the weekend begin 
  your friday treat the brand new el bandito  a lightly smokey cocktail with a citrus punch let the weekend begin 
 @johnnylingo what if u dont smoke
 just posted a photo @ smoke hole caverns 
 drinking a petite sour raspberry by @crookedstave @ sublime smoke   photo
 finish tastes a bit like weed   drinking a tropical torpedo by @sierranevada @ onondaga hill   
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb at hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb at hempstead station
 @jbm2068 @globalgardens @potus pretty sure he admitted they need to go back amp work harder  theres no smokemirrors being used truth
 beyboo im a girl in wolfs clothin haha smoke it up. bb love u should being playin dark i kiddies pull ur blinds down please ty bbs now buxx
 drinking a cold smoke by kettlehouse brewing company @ grizzly ridge  
 i smell like a smoked radish but its worth it. at harry amp idas meat and supply co. themagicmushroomman deals the 
 when ur just used to lighting the blunt hitting it and passing it but then u realize ur with ur big sis who doesnt smoke gt puffpuffnopass
 because adolf is weak hed rather smoke crack and play golf in florida than deal with the countrys issues 
 im fighting the craving to smoke
 green chili fatty on the smoker. 
 smoked amber is the perfect beer for bbq especially improper bbq  drinking a smoked amber at @theimproperpig  
 drinking a nightmare on brett aged in leopold bros whiskey barrels by @crookedstave @ sublime smoke  
 finally some wicked weed this is very solid.  drinking a pernicious ipa @ royersford  pa   photo
 legit smokey  but not overpowering.  drinking a rolling smoke by @bigdogsbrewing at @themiragelv    photo
 cell n of hempstead may produce winds to 60mph and hail. houwx txwx 
 @stewartmoore @weshmeredith  rushed to the hospital for a marijuana cookie whats the medical treatment for that 
 drinking a smoked brown ale by @bemidjibrewing @ bemidji brewing company   photo
 pineapple and smoked prosciutto pizza yes  please @ the strand house 
 hey @talking talkinghardwick do t hey smoke a lot of pot before and after shooting each episode
 mylo and aria are playing tug o war with a tumble weed
 not as good as the regular smoked bock.  drinking a barrel aged smoked bock @ jakes cigars and spirits   photo
 hey lavar  if lonzo is better than steph then whyd he get smoked by deaaron tonight 
 join us in celebrating cannabis reform amp progress @ thejointshow  a group art show  
 greene smokes one back to the mound  but hooper makes the play  13 groundout
 also huge shouts to cal v lucky to have u @emcal45  now lets go smoke a baaaatttt
 @leftrepublic @realtimers @billmaher @mschlapp @louisemensch @chrislhayes @timothydsnyder true. ended youtube seg abruptly. needs some weed
 holy smoke factories what a game game of the tourney so far
 i agree with kids abusing lean  but she just needs to recommend weed  not the doctor. doc will prescribe more addic 
 @atticussheppy weed out the weaklings xd
 not bad thanks george h.   drinking a finback ipa @ garage brewerytaproom  smokehouse  
 neverdothey i been editing my life for the   why   can i please  go smoke it where... 
 let me smoke on ur whip ill smoke u put
 the amount of hookah i smoke is ridiculous
 just posted a video @ thrive cannabis marketplace 
 just posted a video @ thrive cannabis marketplace 
 mmm when u get off work and u smoke a fatty so now u chillin eatin cheesecake
 pizza  smokey robinson 
 hey do u have weed i made a pipe out of a potato and i wanna try it out no im sleeping wtf ok me an kody will 
 ur fuckin smoked
 scratchmade 17 grainseed pizza crust. made vegan pizza with nutritional yeast  hemp seeds. 
 lets use revs fr taxing testing regulating amp restricting cannabis sales in ny state to sustain public pensions ny 
 i am instantly craving marijuana
 when u and ur friends get drunk and make a homemade birthday card for the weed man
 this aint smoke blowing up ur skirt or anyone grabbing pussy. this is huge  or yuge if hes totally captured u. 
 week 7 at island smokehouse concrete will soon cover the floor in the kitchen amp guest area cant wait till smoki 
 @counterburger juicy  gooey  firm and tender with a salty devilously smokey flavor  a hot mess sure to get you into delicious trouble
 breaking in the new smoker with some beef ribs 
 looking forward to eating some smoked meat  drinking a tropical pale ale @ the bearded pig   photo
 drinking a naked pig pale ale by @back40tweets @ mikes smokehouse  
 drinking a maple bacon stout by @shipyardbrewing @ the smokehouse barbecue and brews  
 tasty @ wicked weed brewing 
 drinking a phantasmas spicy ipa by @3dbrewing @ the smokehouse barbecue and brews  
 its not quite very hazy but its still so awesome.  drinking a doppelgnger @ b.t.s smokehouse   photo
 hanging at @metropcs in hempstead till 4 with @1061bli. @globies tix  plus bli swag.
 drinking a smoked bock by @goodwoodbrewing @ nulu bock fest   photo
 java smoke blacks i aint alone outchea no mo 
 good beer for a hot day.  drinking a weedwacker by @saintarnold @ mod pizza    photo
 love the bacon flavor  drinking a smoked porter by @newportstorm @ newport storm brewery   
 why is 50 of ur guys personality just weed
 in the garage  i smoke my vape and feel high. weezer
 drinking a bosxaus  smoked oyster stout by @infamousbrewing@samueladamsbeer @ infamous brewing company  
 drinking a reef donkey by @tbbco @ blue smoke  
 drinking a reef donkey by @tbbco @ blue smoke  
 west madison smoker 12 lb beef smokedgouda picodegallo chipotlesauce bananapeppers 
 very nice.  slightly smokey.  drinking a peter brown tribute ale by @bearrepublic at @buffalotap    photo
 free smoke to anybody u kno how im coming
 pretty sure the massive plume of smoke over the interstate is responsible for making this the drive from hell. just want shower. and food.
 @tgodjay no offense n then u call me a dumbass slap ya mouth i been to iraq  smoked there too. i aint from america. fuckborders
 reading about dwarves makes drinking forgeworks  a smoked porter  a no brainer. @ the beer 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ niu convocation center track  
 just posted a photo @ weed rest area 
 @realdonaldtrump well played mr. president. we have your back. weed them out.
 middle. smoked ham on rye. paired with a breuben.... innovation series gratzer2  photo
  do you drink or   smoke    @zoeydollaz  badbitches dopebitches
 wow u like pizza  music  tattoos  weed and cartoon aliens ur so unique
 drinking a dragon daze hemp ale by @dragonmeadbrew @ dragonmead brewery  
 good weed tee emeriken emerikentshirtcompany clothingbrands hypebeast tshirts  streetwear 
 research finds cannabis to be a powerful treatment for spinal cord injuries  health wellness cannabisnews
 just smoke it tee emeriken emerikentshirtcompany clothingbrands hypebeast tshirts 
 coffeegood weed
 when u find out u can bring ur weed pen on the plane  san francisco  here i come 
 this weed so good am starving craving a t bone hash browns in toast from ihop really bro crazy craving it
 mellowing nicely  drinking an 17th anniversary bourbon barrel imperial smoked ale @ central coast brewing  
  do you  drink  or smoke    @zoeydollaz feat. @dbbantino  bad tings  badbitches dopemodelsnyc xconnectd
 expert tax payers  choking smokers  dont you think the joker laughs at you
 lets see what i got here....some leaning chimney smoked porter from grey sail brewing...found it 
 doing taxes. a bit in the weeds myself. thanks  nate  drinking a wolf among weeds @ lennon lane   photo
 our barrel aged beer night is underway brewmaster derek  is in the house talking about smoke 
 i can eat mesquite smoked beef jerky all day
 @ohiohemp @ohioganja h.r.1227  ending federal marijuana prohibition act of 2017  maga
 drinking a stone delicious ipa by @stonebrewingco @ lucilles smokehouse barbque  
 drinking a smokey dees breakfast maple bacon porter by @imperialoak at @imperialoak  
 hella smokey.  drinking an el rey mexican imperial stout @ the westgate bourbon bar and taproom  
 a group of middle schoolers walked into my candy shop amp said dude yes  they have smarties  lets smoke them
 i copped some cribs in the atlmartha stewart decorated  both. snoop dogg donated the smoke @rickyrozay 
 afternoon smoke break on daviestreet  nbd. vancouver westendlife 
 lemme smoke u out omg u were sent from heaven
 can u really throwup off the weed 
  promovatican smoke with us..... @ cleveland  ohio 
 drinking a smokey didilly oakey by @towyardbrewing at @towyardbrewing   photo
 drinking a deep ellum ipa by @deepellumbrewco @ millers smokehouse  
 @atrios didnt she die from marijuana or something
 medium smoke trades back and forth with funk. really interesting.... funkenrauch smoked wild ale 
 jessica is making food and theres a lot of smoke. mejess is hot boxing aysiah 420  me and aysiah 911 all of us
 deliciousness  @ bubbas smokehouse bbq eastlake 
 driving rain amp smokestack lightnin by howlin wolf. 
 awsome she smokes and is smoking lol katebeckinsale @ bedford  massachusetts 
 when ur out of weed 
 @realjohnlove do u drink or smoke
 black body lite tan thick head smoked aroma effervescent amp dr... baba organic black lager  photo
 cassys aunt  girl ur my bitch  me  cassys aunt  hey u have weed  me amp cassy 
 @tdotbabs @mandogebooks @volkoseba i just let out such a smokers wheeze laugh  and ive never smoked a thing in my life omg
 ny public schools already lose crucial funding to unrestricted unregulated untested amp untaxed cannabis sales 
 update i smoked a fat dutch amp got chicken nuggets amp now i need my hair played with
 how to be a hipster wear chokers and chain smoke 
 smelliest thing out is a babe smokeing specially when there fat eckkk
 ewwwwww u smoked a cig tonight ee ewwwwww
 1st place ribbon some months ago for our smokey pumpkin chocolate porter we brewed at the shop 
 our food station representing the canadian prairies whats on the menu albertahay smoked beef 
 @cnformer president barack obama advocates marijuana after legalization  toronto streets full of marijuana smell  blacks up  thefts increase
 rare sundaymorning brew today were brewing our dyngusday17 seasonal with  smoked malt were open from 125 
 after not eating too healthy all weekend  this cherrywood smoked seasalt is exactly what   by @jacobsensaltco 
 happy sunday funday  join us for .65 delicious smoked chicken wings and buckets of 6 bud light 
 attended a vegan dinner feast with course by course marijuana pairings in case you needed a bay area saturday night update.  sips coffee
 aite who tf laced this guys weed 
 not bad  nothing special  drinking a smoked red by @westobeer @ tkl hop house    photo
 im finally starting to feel better. i can breathe again. i can smoke again. this is the lifeeeeee
 obey weed tee emeriken emerikentshirtcompany clothingbrands hypebeast tshirts  streetwear 
 aged in brett bourbon barrels from wicked weed explains the name.... cupids wicked woody  photo
 boy its poppin at sweet leaf marijuana centers
 no place has better smoked bbq than hoodoo brown in danbury 
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 joe biden seems like a nice guy and i used to smoke weed with his daughter in college she was very smart and beauti 
 tastes like weed smells.  drinking a hoppy porter by @communitybeer @ abbott mckinley    photo
 licking county fire on scene at owens corning. smoke coming from 73 warehouse which stores bales of fiberglass 
 licking county fire on scene at owens corning. smoke coming from 73 warehouse which stores bales of fiberglass 
 @sandersbryant @potus trump gooden  non smoker  non drugs. health consciousness.non drinker. from my childs birth 
 @zebrwah @naturesbest111 @paranoiastory satan cant always find good weed in hell  so he goes to us surface dwellers for some dank.
 oh my gosh awesome dessert beer. not as smokey or nutty as most po... croakanut porter  photo
 imadethenewsfor legalizing marijuana in college
 chronic pain new yorkers you can not apply for medical marijuana mmj just switched to mmj from opiates after 10yrs amp feel much better
 watch this dads hilarious reaction to daughter telling her teacher they are growing weed at home  growing weed 
 drinking a viskiss by @bentwaterbrewco @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 abv 7 aroma smokey  but not too smokey. taste just right amount of smok... ujp porter  photo
 we are posted up smoker is rolling and my dm popping bestribsintownchefdwightlewis  
 we are posted up smoker is rolling and my dm popping bestribsintownchefdwightlewis  
 drinking a citrapils keller bier by @switchbackbeer @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 my weed habit be taking over
 the intro on free smoke is whack
 @aynrandpaulryan no that wud be @hillaryclinton non email scandal no smoke no fire just a lot of hot air from repugs now we have trump
 need a smoke... @ bedford  massachusetts 
 here chef carey4343 pulls the lid off this smoked seafood dish that chef peter hoang made for my 
 longer wearing glossy smokey eye video soon to be posted.  live love life happiness 
 cbdinfused products provide the medical benefits of marijuana without the psychoactive effects.  gets people healt 
 stand out  be the damn weed  humor heals  so laugh often  fb 
 i will never in my life smoke with taelor again all we do is laugh nd giggle wen we high together 
 @vegaazhairaa i saw u smoke 
 ok im done drinking. im sticking to weed now.
 all u do is smoke  these my lungs bitch  fomf
 @tylerdennen hey you still coming over to ur merch to smoke
 my mom is trying to argue that she smoked more weed than me in her life  whitemoms
 do yourself a favor and get a smokehouse pizza from little cesars its the best pizza ive ever had
 if you smoke outta game honey you disgust me letsargue
 my mom said if u smoke dont drive  but if u desperately need to get food for your munchies u walk
 dear @drmaryanqasim thx for u support @caawiwalaal. when u starnew position take this org to next level  weed out corrgood luck.
 dear @drmaryanqasim thx for u support @caawiwalaal. when u star new pos take this group to next level  weed out corrupted ones good luck.
 o canada i have an inkling what most would be doing on july 1  2018 marijuana could be legal by canada day 2018 
 @mic502 u still getting high but u get higher u inhale deeply n hold it in ur lungs try it next time u smoke
 legislation tabled to legalize marijuana in canada by july 1 drugpolicy cannabis cdnpoli 
 legislation tabled to legalize marijuana in canada by july 1  drugpolicy cannabis cdnpoli 
 600 calorie dinner littleceasars new smokehouse pizza worthit yummy i budgeted my 
 grey poupon   smoking weed while im drinking wine
 take me to your weeder tee emeriken emerikentshirtcompany clothingbrands hypebeast tshirts 
 i wonder where @nsgov will get a faded  unreadable  map to base responsible marijuana rules on in 2018
 canada to announce marijuana will be legal by july 1  2018 
 canada is looking more amp more like the move  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 im running the weed game in yonkers
  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018 im tired of your shit @america  
 drag them @usa  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 another soon to be potheads paradise. canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 canada might straightup  legalize weed in 2018. why havent i moved to canada yet
 yet again canada wins @mcabrera417  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 i do not advocate doing weed only meth pussies. 
 @quicedafreak you dont be tryna smoke w us and hang w us
 canada legalizing marijuana next july. minimum age is 18 to purchase
 @yhprum  lets really move to canada now. fdt  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 hell yeah   canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 i might move.  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 get ready to sit back  smoke some green  and enjoy the musical journey of @goldnwolf   be the lonewolf  
 when she asks why you smoked all her shit and bounced her checks. 
 @bimpincashcc bitch u betta let me smoke u out first
 @tanamongeau better be the weed video tana
 if canada legalizes weed in 2018 the us will legalize it in 5 years tops. 
 you smoke to enjoy it  i smoke to die
  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018 @realdonaldtrump usa should legalize too  
 so apparently weed will be legal here in canada by july 2018 so lit
 great....now i dont have to hide my stash anymore  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 @yungdepressed thank u  watch me smoke marijuana while composing 
 going north i guess  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 @dhh its ravaging canada too  and were moving way too slow. legalizing weed here was only politically possible after coloradowashington
 canada is legalizing marijuana next year. why is canada so great  i love canada.
 your peeps @nsandhu87  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 liberals announce marijuana will be legal in canada by july 1st  2018. wednewsday
 its the money  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 we were promised in 2016 to do this in 2017...now its on to 2018. ffs canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 like it or hate it  this is really coming to canada liberals to announce marijuana will be legal by july 1  2018 
 so eh  canada  you got any of them citizen applications canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 @bobohstern @sternshow @realbobo697 bobo from san diego aka jesse from califoriduh is the best medical marijuana delivery driving instructor
 bruh im legit about to move to canada  canada to legalise marijuana in 2018  
 im at smokey bear rd in lebec  ca 
 morning @l8showthegoat ur a dleaguer now amp the cs bout to take sole possession of 1st  did all the weed make your decision a lil cloudy 
 powww gtgt canada to legalize cannabis for recreational use in 2018  mfanews canadiancannabis   
 powww gtgt canada to legalize cannabis for recreational use in 2018  mfanews canadiancannabis   
 lunch time @ smokey bear rd in lebec  ca 
 how u have a down year but u smoke all the mvp candidates somebody tell me
 john iliver hammers americas most absurd marijuana laws  via @huffpostcomedy
 lets give this smoke from @ajuancancel a try @protocolcigars @ famous smoke shop 
 flies love to rest in weeds amp tall grasses  check out how laying mulch can reduce weeds amp mud on your operation. 
 @lalaalexandria i do bc i have sjogrens so i have chronic dry mouth lol  and when im trying not to smoke.
 drinking a smoked porter by @bardobeer @ bardo brewpub  
 @noahsyndergaard @mets @majestic smokey has got his game face on. cant wait to see yours on the mound today thor  
 so much weed no oxygen
 if ur a girl and u smoke reds reevaluate ur life
 @randpaul trust me when the dust settles the smoke clears it will be proven that valerie jarrett .susan riceamperic h 
 this duragfitted cap combo make me feel like i flip burgers at mcdonalds and smoke cigarettes laced with crack
 apparently weed will be legal canada wide in july 2018. it better be. i am waiting 
 who got the smoke outchea
 @amberwengert van gogh had severe mental illness  weed isnt bad for u... this just sounds like an excuse to why you stayed w ur cheating
 hes smoked in every country hes been to. even florida
 abby do u know what i did in cadorado colorado jess what smoke weed abby..no  
 @wort01 growing like a ..... weed lolgw
 this friday join us for another cannabis 101 event with special guest @fairwindscanna pnw i502 mmj pleasert 
 come check out my shop  ght on weedmaps
 @jbarro of course not.  this is journalism  holy smokes  @businessinsider is a joke publication  right
 survey for class should medical marijuana be sold on college campuses
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 seriously  guys were choking on all this smoke. find the trumpsterfire already. thanks.
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 @seattletimes this is awesome. if you smoke marijuana and have 16 minutes sit back and laugh.
 need a lawyer to sue homeowners association president for lies false allegations.no one smoked garbage no proof
 best day of the year.  drinking a hopsecutioner by @terrapinbeerco @ diablos smokehouse   
 my entire class this period was about the economic profit of growing weed
 check out @acluwv policy director @eliacluwv talking about medical marijuana here  sb386 wvlegis wvpol
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 will have to level the smoker once its cold oops  drinking a blonde ale @ wellington square   photo
 ma prohibitionists sound uneducated babbling that marijuana leads to opioids httpst.cohbngwxtmmv  florida 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station
 drinking a visionary brew 2015 imperial smoked lager by @rahrbrewing @ point lavista  
 @thehill. smokey the bear thanks you. but that wont make up for trumps repeal of alaskas wildlife management rule. dont kill baby bears
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 @pja126 hows porter doing today growing like a weed yet
 reminder you can watch the @wvhouse hearing on medical marijuana here  wvpol wvlegis sb386
 im making smudge sticks with hemp rope  @ osceola  florida 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 drinking a willows inn smoked farmhouse by @wanderbrewing @ wander brewing  
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 excellent @ fenton beale st. smokehouse 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station
 leave it to the @wvhouse to find a shitty way to legalize medical marijuana. sb386 wvlegis wvpol
 just saying if you need a good laugh and the absurdity of the us current stance on marijuana please catch the 
 the director of starwars episode8 thelastjedi is a fan of @tmbg.  hokie smokes   thats freakin outstanding 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 drinking a smoked porter by @alaskanbrewing @ fox cigar bar gilbert  
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 remove the federal prohibition on marijuana
 yall smoke to enjoy it. i smoke to die.
 @alzarathex i forgave pizza and weed but then he went after kumas and classic megaman  not welcome in the 212 no more
 i played basketball tonight  that evens out this smokehouse pizza im about to eat right
 watch how you speak on my name free smoke 
 @livenationon @aircanadacentre geez i love having cigaret smoke blown in my face. ruiningmyconcertexperience johnmayer sec118 row16
  meg  ily and imy   you kno i fw u tough amp we gotta link n smoke 1day
 im hurt man  she was 1st to smoke me up amp pmo to weed.. rip
 great collab.  drinking a ripple in cloudwater by @magnoliabeer @ smokestack    photo
 im in awe of this historic loblolly moon pine in hempstead county arkansas. read more soon @onlyinark 
 when your last name is weed and ppl think u prollly smoke weed  
 construction on westhempsteadbranch both directions from lakeview station to west hempstead station 
 construction on westhempsteadbranch both directions from lakeview station to west hempstead station 
 stocktons daughter is a smoke ncaachampionship
 in a playoff game we technically should have had to forfeit  other team who smoked us last time lets us play anyway  so we nearly win.
 s1066 new further regulating the manufacture and sale of certain commercial marijuana products 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station 
 incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station 
 holy smokes adam morrison looks horrible..
 how much crack has adam morrison smoked since college
 i feel like me and adam morrisons political beliefs overlap at legalizing weed and thats it. but i love him anyway.
 dont worry zags fans  you can go smoke some peyote out in the parking lot with adam morrison.
 smoke so much that smokey the bear had to bare with us
 after eating enchiladas its only right that i smoke 
 s1067 new further regulating marijuana commercialization 
 aint to many can bang with us strait up weed no angel dust
 its time to be smokey the bear at 230 am
 smoked some weed laced with lsd in my dream
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 update incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 non weed smokers think drinking is less damaging to your health 
 cleared incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station
 update they all have weed and coke... 
 ll volleyball tonight covering the big hempfield at penn manor match. should be fun. llsports
 adam morrison smokes mids 
 why is nj transit running on a weekend schedule on weeday update your website schedule hatebeinglate
 our group pharmacists for a smokefree canada @rphsmokefree endorses raising the age for tobacco to 21.httpst.corw0ptcdttb 
 @thatstickyicky and why tf and im like more disgusted over the fact hes savage enough to smoke her in flip flops
 come jam to sade with us and smoke with us 
 straight up weed no angel dust.
 just posted a photo @ village of new hempstead 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 cleared construction on westhempsteadbranch both directions from lakeview station to west hempstead station
 me and my grandma had to go pick up my weed man from the police station  
 elevate cannabis is 10 off this week for our groweroftheweek sales be sure to  check out their flowers amp concen 
 san diego  who need weed
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station
 help us welcome back our applewood smoked gratzer and chocolate hazelnut stout with beer specials today amp tomorrow 
 too fruity for me. i really didnt like it.  drinking a wolf among weeds at @mainstbottle  
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station
 making an @applemusic playlist to smoke weed and vibe to  lonelystoner lovinglife happy 
 drinking a blueberry by @uplandbrewco @ smokers palace iii  
 drinking a strawberry rhubarb sour by @breweryvivant @ smokers palace iii   photo
 thanks brian  drinking an incipient dry hopped  batch 1 by @speciationales @ smokers palace iii    photo
 drinking a space queen in peril by @breweryvivant @ smokers palace iii   photo
 drinking a fievre dabricot by @lacumbrebrewing @ smokers palace iii   photo
 drinking a clearly everybody wants some by @atgbrewery@hoofheartedbrew @ smokers palace iii   photo
 nancy botwin is the worst character on weeds dont @ me
 drinking a bourbon barrel aged ein freund by @shortsbrewing @ smokers palace iii   photo
 when ur 7 but smoke meth 
 beautiful place  killer popcorn great beer @ wicked weed brewing 
 when ur 7 and smoke meth 
 all the homies posted in front of the smoke shop on sunnymead
 drinking an 20th anniversary brew by @upstreambrewing @ smokers palace iii   photo
 her latest charge is legalizing  taxing and regulating marijuana
 drinking a pekan by @prairieales @ smokers palace iii   photo
 that took forever so im treating myself with a whiskey flight  @ docs smokehouse amp craft bar  @docsbbqbar 
 rd 2 topbrewstues wolf among weeds. at 8.0 abv this is next lowest in the lineup. working up. @brewstuds 
 old. held up pretty well.  drinking  the matador version 2.0 el toro bravo @ smokers palace iii   photo
 just posted a photo @ st smoke shop 
 meh.  drinking a smokey didilly oakey by @towyardbrewing at @thehoppygnome    photo
 awesome as always. thanks dave  drinking a this guy by @witchshatbrew @ smokers palace iii   
 hey bro u smoke weed @bacobjurkey 
 drinking a stone enjoy after 10.31.16 brett ipa by @stonebrewingco @ smokers palace iii   photo
 construction on westhempsteadbranch both directions from lakeview station to west hempstead station 
 construction on westhempsteadbranch both directions from lakeview station to west hempstead station 
 not a smoke fan  but this is pretty good.  drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter at @upick6taphouse  
 partly soy.  drinking a barrel aged hibernation ale 2014 by @greatdividebrew @ smokers palace iii   
 do u wanna smoke  will smoking make u feel better u should just smoke
 come thro smoke wid me
 had to update the weed i smoked 
 real friends still include u in the smoke sesh even when ur in a different state 
 beef brisket. smoked to perfection want great food at your next event call us now for your free 
 drinking a hemp hop rye amber ale by @ofallonbrewery @ groovy little hippie pad   photo
 russ showed up to the game dressed like smokey the bear
 beverly hills police thank you for punching me in my face 6 weeks ago  i quit weed because of u
 who have some weed for sale
 hey guys  lets smoke in a place heavily populated with police 
 hell ye the weed number. 
 @lillibanana u said u didnt smoke anymore
 try to play ima roll u up like a swisher n ima smoke u nigga
 @randpaul susan rice another smoke screen to cover the incompetency of u and rest of gop u represent nothing but ur own greed and ego
 texans qb depth chart tom savage amp brandon weeden texans fans we have the worst depth chart in football bears fans hold our beers.
 texans current qbs tom savage and brandon weeden texans fans we have the worst qb depth chart in football bears fans hold our beers
 medical marijuana caught in limbo 
 @billhemmer ricelies nunes will be dnc smoke target but he handled exactly right wo lib name smearing he stated a real issue issue exists
 break smokeem if you gotem...... @ topicz 
 .@thorntonfire transports 1 man for smoke inhalationu can see car destroyed amp home badly damaged. cause unknown  n 
 @lizl0 so ur gunna tell me u never sucked dick and smoked with someone after
 sweet  peaty smoked didnt suck.  drinking a hyperborea by @rightproperbeer at @dtcwine   
 im smelling a lot of smoke yall smell that   bloomberg steve bannon removed from national security council  
 @nigelfarage @willisshepherd better that ye pass that joint rather than smoke it
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 @queensav99  we sell hemp at gas stations which also pls direct me to these rainbow churches not all the ga 
 lmaoo u wylin bro.. u gonn smoke that shit then next week u gonn have no weed and no belt 
 @nsiboallan did u smoke too
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 did you happen to miss our webinar on medical cannabis   check it out here  
 did you happen to miss our webinar on medical cannabis   check it out here    via @youtube
 did you happen to miss our webinar on medical cannabis   check it out here   
 did you happen to miss our webinar on medical cannabis   check it out here  
 @theslumpgod what weed u onits the afternoon lol
 sales sales for only 19.99 vaping vapeshop waxpen @ cherry smoke shop 
 floral  drinking a sip of sunshine by @lawsonsfinest @ b.t.s smokehouse    photo
 drinking a bright by @treehousebrewco @ b.t.s smokehouse   photo
 @stevieryan @timhuntlife break out that weed gurl
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 cleared construction on westhempsteadbranch both directions from lakeview station to west hempstead station
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from nassau boulevard station to hempstead station 
 im just doing what i do  smoking weed with a brew
 volleyball game tonight again. 7pm at the highschool  come watch us smoke hempfield 
 illgooutwithyouif i like u and u like me and ya match my weed
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 i breathe you in with smoke
 @merpn it should be as smooth as a smokers laugh.
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 refreshing wheat with subtle coconut finish  drinking a nuts about weedline at @keysbrewing   photo
 drinking a smoke smoked porter by @ofallonbrewery @ obar  
 big smoke  drinking a beach bum smoked brown by @keysbrewing at @keysbrewing    photo
 attending @mcgillu panel is canada ready for legalized marijuana  @ toronto region board of trade 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from nassau boulevard station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from nassau boulevard station to hempstead station 
 two uruguayan companies plan to make yerba mate even better by infusing it with weed  via @remezcla
 i hope my parents are gonna be proud of me when i hang up my medical marijuana certificate up on their fridge 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from nassau boulevard station to hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from nassau boulevard station to hempstead station
 as a san diegan from san diego living in san diego smokin that san diego weed and livin the san diego life i am from san diego
 tenthwardco smoked figure manhattan at roasthouse @ roasthouse pub 
 im in favor of more smoked porters.  drinking a rauchy balboa by @ironhillbrewery at @ironhillnw    photo
 drinking a last days smoked brown ale by @lastdaysbrewing at @sugarmamasknox   photo
 im at john brown smokehouse  @johnbrownsmoke in long island city  ny 
 if u dont inhale the smoke why u letting ur friends take videos exposing u like that......
 dude i carpooled with in the uber gave me some of his weed cookie and now im lit waiting for my flight.
 @kevinhart4real just teach him how to find u weed like u did to that girl on conan. itll calm u down. 
 u know he loves u when he picking you up with weed and wingstop yasss
 if u try to pay a debt to me in weed ima look at u like u a goofy fr
 @neeno93 they tax the fuck out of you at the green solution but they have some good quality weed 
 just the sides familyplatter @ smoke bourbon bbq 
 just posted a photo @ st smoke shop 
 unless u smoke weed  den fuck alldat  
 beer and weed
 course 5 applewood smoked @jriegerco kcwhiskey  black teainfused lillet blanc  bittered cream 
 a nice bock sweet smokey flavor. huzzah for spring.  drinking a lucubrator doppelbock @ fob jugbo  
 construction on westhempsteadbranch both directions from lakeview station to west hempstead station 
 police say one of the woman admitted to going back to the apt to clean it up. she removed cocaine  heroin and marijuana
 washington countys biggest exports  1. marijuana  2. corn  3. meth 
 @runbum @douchebagultra @wser100 @gadeathrace i dig this rd. its not that big of a deal to smoke weed. plenty of wo 
 jeffsessions should stick his head into a barrel of pot smoke and pig out on pot brownies with wheat flour so he can have a nice  big dump.
 @lauravillasmil you .......we should smoke
 smoked a blume of wake up confused on the couch about what century it is weed
 hemp  drinking a humboldt brown hemp ale by @humboldtbrewing at @paulmartinsag   
 watching national geographics marijuana documentary.
 rewatching weeds cause nancy botwin
 1156 enroll the definition of medical marijuana and prohibiting the payment of workersamp39 compensation benefi... 
 @baelyssa should have just smoked an l
 got an email advertisement for a free cookie with a marijuana delivery of an 8th or more.... not a weed cookie though..just a cookie..
 incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station 
 incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station 
 @terryjaymes pastrami is corned beef that is smoked. best on earth is in everett  barneyspastramidip
 legalizing marijuana will hurt canadian alcohol sales  study predicts  tny.ca qrsrf drinkweed tinley27
 rochester medical marijuana firm makes home deliveries  roc
 cleared incident on westhempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station
 porchetta. smoked sausage. cracklings. crispy potatoes. delicious dish. @osterialanghe 
 @sadasshole616 do u smoke reefer
 @matiaaa if u cant tell the difference u aint a true smoker 
 if i smoked.......... gas what i smoke niccahhhhhhh @ welcome  to 
 when weed is life  getyouastonerchick  amos esagata12 
 update construction on westhempsteadbranch both directions from valley stream station to west hempstead station 
 shops and private medicinal cannabis clients please contact us for the absolutely supremefuego 
 @rawstory smoke and mirrors. trumprussia
 limited release wicked weed brewing rubus viola barrel aged sour fermented with boysenberries and violet. 1 per cus 
 i need to smoke omfg
 i use to smoke bud  now i flip words u  a dub
 u pay for quantity but quality is what u spend for if there was a marijuanaology id be your mentor.
 when the smoke clears and the dust settles  may 6th class is in 
 @adamferrara on ur new show u guys should recreate smokeyampthe bandit... @rutledgewood in the semi  @tannerfoust in 
 @jeffsessions u r spouting ignorance with ur comment that good ppl dont smoke pot. thats a pretty broad brush with no facts to back it up
 @johntweet @jamesonjohnson8 john u smoke cigs with me all the time what r u talking about
 drinking a smoked schwarzbier by @apbrewery @ asbury park brewery  
 i will have all of the jays for edc  allllllllllllll the weedies
 indiana house approves bill legalizing cannabisderived oil for epilepsy treatment  inlegis 
 no avalanche up here  beer with a view  drinking an avalanche amber ale @ wildwood smokehouse   photo
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 cleared construction on westhempsteadbranch both directions from lakeview station to west hempstead station
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 photo  @itsyonas  holy smokes
 @stillblazingtho new weed strain name jared kush  via @huffpostcomedy
 incident on westhempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to west hempstead station 
 incident on westhempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to west hempstead station 
 @natalieegenolf hey cutie so by ur tone u wouldnt work da  live bc @ a weed  spotmikemiss worktrip
 about to smoke amp do my hw .
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station
 @howsweetblog we have the perfect pairing our smoked salted bourbon pecan chocolate truffle
 @garrettforva @catopodcast @tulsigabbard @sensanders @randpaul medical marijuana takes away all my nerve amp chronic 
 the l station just reeks of weed.
 drinking a barley whine by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station  
 cleared incident on westhempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to west hempstead station
 the smoke on this beer is perfect  i usually find smokey beers to... smoked porter saison  photo
 im at garden city jeep chrysler dodge ram in hempstead  ny 
 goodtimes @ west hempstead public library  @whplibrary in west hempstead  ny 
 icymi us 290 hov lane closed all next week between hempsteadnw transit center @hpmnews887 hounews 
 hey buffalo fans enjoy openingday at the 100 smokefree cocacola field tomorrow. go @buffalobisons 
 construction on westhempsteadbranch both directions from valley stream station to west hempstead station 
 closed report at 785 albany st  roxbury  case resolved. weeds were removed all set. 
 @leewilson71 i just heard about smoked ales the other day. i def need to check them out
 checking in from @2msmokehouse in san antonio  the feast will begin soon @ 2m smokehouse amp 
 @potus @wwp @whitehouse @flotus @vp @secondlady your smoke and mirrors is pissing off  us american citizens cant you just cease to exist 
 @unstoppablenn ya they were all drafted and sent to fight in the sand in syria xdlol so much for the marijuana crackdown xdlol
 @andybutternubs @johnnyastro5 i thought you cant die on weed
 u drink too much u smoke too much u go out too much  yet rents paid  bills paid  40hr work week ampsemester starting  u worry too much
 how u ganna tweet this when ppl literally have vids of u smoking weed 
 the terraist letters is free ebook about duality of polarity promotion of nuclear and prohibition of marijuana 
 asheville brewing  blackberry smoke benefit brew released friday  @ashevillebrewin @blackberrysmoke @shepherdsmen
 if i smoke this blunt gurl ima forget u  chief keef
 im at federal hill smokehouse in erie  pa 
 while at the doctor do you smoke well i did just get a new vape pen and doc it rips
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 about to try this weed hot chocolate....
 let that bourbon smoke tdrhubcity 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 update the tater is black and there is smoke
  my people smokegun85 and jaredkash on youtube... check us out sherodsherodincubus1 ps4
 also florida weed is more fire than texas weed no boost
 im in the middle of weeds amp gerald canceled netflix 
 @courtstevenson didnt mean now like u could have when u came back or we could have smoked when u came back u just got mad
 new loaded gun amp weed found in north college hill high school locker. read more  
 @sassyspy i know you arent a fan but they do have a very profitable business. traditionally not the defn of smokemirrors 
 hanging @cigarmojo at the @epiccigars event. snuck in early to smoke this beauty  stop by and get in on the deals. 
 mr. trump  we iranians do not want war  war with the iranian regime  the smoke goes into the eyes of our people.
 now on tap  drinking a smokey and the brett dank tank by @sweetwaterbrew at @ffactoryhsv   
 im at smoke in san antonio  tx 
 filet wrapped in smoked bacon and a pinot noir dinnerisserved @ 
 smokers face tighter rules as japanese capital eyes smokefree olympics   
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 folo brett along on his marijuana reporting journey in hellam 
 if u smoke cigs then ur cook
 shared ubers are awkward  especially when the girl next to me is blatantly talking about venmoing  to get weed. 
 San Diego
 @nicosantoscomic you came and visited us at the smokehouse
 carmelicious hop punch with almost a smokey finish  drinking a stone go to ipa @ toast   photo
 drinking a nugget nectar by @troegsbeer @ jds smokehouse  
 the postwork smoke and wander will forever be my favorite habit.
 drinking a smoked porter by @alaskanbrewing at @georgesouthside   photo
 perfect amount of smokebacon flavor.  drinking a pulled porter dank tank @ psychward home brewing   photo
 drinking a humboldt brown hemp ale by @humboldtbrewing at @paulmartinsamb  
 the contrast of all time nuclear experimentation and marijuana cultivation 
 @wakeupmfers @rtcom the contrast of all time nuclear experimentation and marijuana cultivation 
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing at @georgesouthside  
 @cassanova17 @whatshisfaceg did u not see how much we smoked
 my gas smoke harder then urs  @ riverdale  georgia 
 hey hoe whats your smoke 
 drinking a bowie smoked saison by @oxbowbeer at @cornwallspub  
 we shared smoke .. you shared the words behind your lips
 i could smoke with snoop dogg and still not be slumped
 i wasted all of my weed on the carpet 
 fan girling axiom @ smoke jazz club 
 downloadatoz  more apps than google play  weed firm replanted mod and hack  unlimited money 
 drinking a smoke amp dagger nitro by @jacksabby at @citytapboston  
 @tedsmarijuana when a pharmaceutical company co. figures out how to make  on marijuana well have all we want  at inflated prices.
 @alextumay u dont smoke
 bouta be smokey the bear out in big bear 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 i love when smokey checks up on me randomly 
 @stitesmelissa @25malenyc for weed. delicious nutritious weed.
 just saw doc jen  warning us about marijuana. is it totally absolutely completely harmless no. is anything no.
 pizza  weed  and 5 orgasms 
 israel negev farmers plan on growing medical cannabis for export. they see it a great opportunity to replace tradit 
 drinking a double dry hopped space diamonds by @otherhalfnyc @ b.t.s smokehouse  
 smoke or no smoke. decisions
 saved another 1 your welcome south buffalo. tell your teenagers to quit with the synthetic weed.
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 watching shameless and lip says college is medical grade weed mixed with piss grade beer. truuuuuuuuuuu
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 petty ass bitches  the weed isnt in my center counsel.
 word is that this is kind of bitter.  drinking a wolf among weeds @ golden road brewery   photo
 gunshots lead to bales of marijuana in west phoenix apartment 
 way old check in  drinking a peanut butter amp jelly @ intrinsic smokehouse amp brewery  
 happy friday thanks @eazeteam for blazingfast marijuana delivery get 20 off your first 3 deliveries with link 
 @bbqsnob rather it be smoked than covered with the lubbock dust
 another episode of wrrt. the reefer roundtable hotsted by 2 gorditos and a media whore 
 i had a minaj for cheaper  i had a garage of reefer..
 wicked weed oblivion  new belgium citradelic lime  kona koko brown and hanalei. 
 yum yum  drinking a smoked imperial pilsner by @stockyardsbeer at @stockyardsbeer    photo
 drinking a hemp brown ale by @corsairartisan at @corsairartisan  
 stop posting videos of brown weed 2017
 just posted a photo @ hempstead lake state park 
 ive missed you st. pete. stpete @leprechaun3220 @ ted peters famous smoked fish inc 
 @hughwburrill @zackcookcsm @lescooter @xcoreydx @allhabs   smoke meat @ the bell  center. mmmmm
 drinking a whizbang by @newbelgium @ sublime smoke   photo
 drinking an i10 ipa by @intuitionale @ monroes smokehouse   photo
 noo  its just the a is actually going harder with the energy  amp activities. for example gotta smoke 2 blunts in nc 
 smoke so much that smokey the bear will have to bear with us 
 really  really yummy with smoked food.  drinking a nitro chocolate stout at @troegsbeer   photo
 drinking a koko brown ale  by @konabrewingco @ hittmanns bar amp smokehouse  
 smokey salyy goodness. no for the faint  drinking a smoked gose by @deschutesbeer @ garage boys hang out   
 an easy drinking beer.  drinking a smitten golden rye ale by @bellsbrewery @ sublime smoke   
 drinking a sofie by @gooseisland @ sublime smoke  
 excellent harmony of hemp and hops is satisfying. nocalbeer... humboldt brown hemp ale  photo
 he smoked dope and played for americas team 
 eh  not for me  but its not bad.  drinking a creekside smoked rye pale ale at @msrosesfinefood  
 drinking a bright by @treehousebrewco @ b.t.s smokehouse   photo
 i had no idea what a smoked lager was. turns out its effing deliciousness in a glass... stadt 
 more beer. more pizza. more wings.  drinking a char smoked english porter @ fos burgers amp brews  
 drinking a humboldt brown hemp ale by @humboldtbrewing @ heritage hill neighborhood  
 solid  drinking a smoked maple vanilla porter by @dbbrewingco @ citizen burger bar   
 drinking a experimental unfiltered double ipa 2.0 by @stonebrewingco @ via marconi smokehouse tavern  
 beer @ moat mountain smoke house amp brewing co. 
 drinking a peat smoked export stout by @blackswanbp at @blackswanbp  
 posted with @rekonetup in the smokers section theunityproject santaanaheim repost 
 drinking a haze by @treehousebrewco @ b.t.s smokehouse   photo
 a good summer beer.  drinking an ufo twist by @harpoonbrewery @ sublime smoke   
 @whereiscarl is nancy from weeds
 @sbnlukethomas does it get a bit of smokesweet from the bourbon barrels if you like scotch  the balvenie caribbean cask is so good.
 @dologangsticky bc u already been done had smoked 
 a beer beards dream drinking from the barrel.  allthebeards  @wickedweedbeer @ wicked weed 
 currently on tap is @karlstraussbeer seven sharksacircling  this imperial smoked porter is 
 pepperoni with canadian amp smoked  bacon pizza  a1 bubbas @ bubbas 33  mesquite 
 pepperoni with canadian amp smoked  bacon pizza  a1 bubbas @ bubbas 33  mesquite 
 canada employee insurance plan must pay fof med marijuana  human rights board rules  
 liquid smoked bacon. mmmmm  drinking a rauchbier by dovetail brewery at @dovetailbrewchi    photo
 step aside booze and drugs this is a job for weed 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 blackhistorymonth playlist 46 fletcherhendersonorch new king porter stomp 47 donredmanorch chant of the weed
 if you smoke cigs u a whole dumbass no offense
 i luv weed sm
 @chrisinri not a smoker. sorry. i am a proud america. who values our constitution and our national rule of law. 
 why is weed firm so addicting
 caliexit needs to happen so they can dominate the hemp market and get the other pacnw states to join them 
 @shaftofpower @cbsnews @sethmoulton smoked out another liberal freak. got you cursing. typical response to reason....
 todays the day come join us at the marketatthehorsefarm at @lftcentralpark  we have smoked 
 we get it u smoke weed 
 the amount of weed me and my girls smoke is ridiculous 
 2017 new restaurant 6  jds smokehouse rutherford college  nc   let me 
 @realdonaldtrump hope us senate confirms gorsuch soon then work on weeding out bad judges maga
 again  we played 10 consecutive brutal weeks of very good defenses  bye week followed the phi game... smoke in mirr 
 @famousdex in san antonio   smoke some after b 
 love that moring after weed breathe
 denying insurance for medical weed is discrimination  tribunal rules    via @huffpostcanada
 many thanks to the art club at hempstead high for the invitation to talk about calligraphy and 
 many thanks to the art club at hempstead high for the invitation to talk about calligraphy and 
 most of us brough our own dope and we down to smoke  
 @hillaryclinton @chelseaclinton @clintonfdn anything clinton is all smoke and mirrorsfake 
 @hillaryclinton @chelseaclinton @clintonfdn anything clinton is all smoke and mirrorsfake 
 @medizinlv has a huge sale  if you are a medical marijuana pt visiting lv  nv. recreational still not available 
 hey jimmy lets smoke crack and lay some floor tiles in an appealing pattern frank the floor guy 
 @go2huntsvilleal my personal fav is smoked mac n cheese and beef brisket from @newmarketbbq ihearthsv newmarketbbq 
 i will die for tech  geekiton @ 23 hempstead garden 
 spacea flights an overview  poppin smoke  via @poppinsmokesite
 greg baxtroms garden radish top gazpacho pickled radish  smoked trout roe  lemon 
 i just smoked a blunt with ur gf
 italian heritage club fundraiser event @ tseros in north hempstead  ny 
 pernicious . what an awesome place   @ wicked weed brewing 
 love this style  drinking a blank slate series 35 smoke on the wheater @ monocacy brewing  
 .@wforadio holy smokes @leahpritchetttf hit my prediction in testing of 3.65. im going to have to update my predic 
 @tbridge oh  also  if you want lighter meals the bar at kex hostel  and the pizza place with no name. get smoked lamb pizza at the latter.
 forgot you can smoke in pa bars.  drinking a samuel adams boston lager @ the branding iron  
 drinking a smoked apple gose by @trophybrewing @ extreme beer fest  seaport world trade center 2017  
 just posted a photo @ cheap smokes 10 
 just posted a photo @ cheap smokes 10 
 would be great with a jack browns burger  drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter at @bjccnews  
 drinking a smoke screen by @bpbrewing at @bpbrewing   photo
 getting ready to smoke peppers for superbowl2017 chile. tasty brew.... azacca ipa  photo
 now i also have a barrel from @bottlelogicbrew ... check out the smoke coming up from the fresh 
 drinking a skinny dipping stout by @sawdustcitybeer @ weed man   photo
 @heidimoss we need a journal club. over a nice pinot and smoked meat and cheese. 
 kinda sick of cannabis events having beer gardens amp wine bars and no cannabis...
 drinking a local hero by @revbrewchicago @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 yummyness @ smoke in basalt  co 
 @kyle our venue has a memorable outside corners for smokers hookah amp cigar that are seperated from non smokers.  please join us
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 goes in with a friend whos getting a tattoo...the artist sits us down in his space...amp promptly goes out for a smoke...without inviting us
 who passes out w pizza in the oven amp is awoken by the smoke alarm @ 6am then proceeds 2 eat what wsnt completely charred  pizza fml
 who passes out w pizza in the oven amp is awoken by the smoke alarm @ 6am then proceeds to eat what wsnt completely charred  pizza fml
 legislation will discuss bill to allow export of cannabis from israel. there is huge potential in medical marijuana 
 drinking a the champion corsair triple smoke barrel aged  
 like a smokey porter.  nice dry finish.  not my thing  but tasty  drinking a miasma at @finbackbrewery  
 drinking a honey pie double ipa 2017 by @birdsongbrewing @ midwood smokehouse  
 real nice....just the right amount of smoke  drinking a wooderson at @drakescomeplay   photo
 drinking a corsair triple smoke barrel aged 5 points  
 drinking a corsair hickory smoked barrel aged chapter house  
 @trilliumbrewing trillbomb at b.t.s smokehouse... cant get any better......  beer 
 just posted a photo @ hempstead village  new york 
 just posted a photo @ hempstead village  new york 
 vintage peter max smoked glass decorative dish with bright psychedelic cosmic 60s kaleidoscopic mandala design. 
 @momolives we smoke in my apartment so its not noticeable to us.
 drinking a smoked and oaked by @epicbrewing @ fairways at towson  
 drinking an a little crazy by @revbrewchicago @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 drinking a ksq chocolate rye smoked porter by @victorybeer at @victorybeer  
 nosepeat  smoke profile party malty scotch... islay barrel macfannybaw 
 microdosing is becoming increasingly popular among cannabis users. heres why   cannabis pnw thc
 that weed is more brown then i am 
 im at @moatmountain smoke house amp brewing co. in north conway  nh 
 my gas smoke harder then urs  @ riverdale  georgia 
 this is well balanced. the smoke is there  so is the chocolate  so is the roasted... lock porter 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 great smoked beer.not too much just right.  drinking a from tennessee with smoke @ lake stevens   photo
 turquoise mercury montclair @ concrete jungle smoke shop 
 not normally a fan of smoked beers....however  drinking a fear amp trembling @ lazy susan  mke   photo
 all i need is my weed n brew @schoolboyq
 rip ole smokey @rhyanz
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 drinking a breakfast stout by @foundersbrewing @ smokey bones  
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 hit it once and need a pump u kno how i smoke 
 do you believe in ghosts outdoor fire smoke made some ghoulish shapes in the direction of the 
 im at smokejumpers grill in anaheim  calif 
 blackhistorymonth playlist 46 fletcherhendersonorch new king porter stomp 47 donredman orch chant of the weed
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm 
 took the words out my mouth tbh but im tired of that shxt  mf aint trying to do shxt but smoke  
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 just posted a photo @ smoke tree stables 
 with @luckdallas smoked chicken tacos yum yum blbfit drinkloca... turn out the lights  photo
 what do you non smokers do for fun
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @foxnews @katrinapierson after we smoke a fatty.
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 drinking a barrel aged smoked hefeweizen by @steelandoak @ mclean apartments  
 i just ate a weed cookie 
 drinking a pernicious weed by @garageproject at @pub365  
 @imtherealemilyy do u smoke weed
 @hennythang feeling like u abiuta die because theres so much smoke and when ur throats burns u itching for some water but dont have any
 drinking a smoked apple gose by @trophybrewing @ extreme beer fest  seaport world trade center 2017  
 arguably canada is the real leader in medical cannabis israel gives first green light to mmj for export 
 babes birthday weed laced drankcake  
 .@davegladow is prepping ribs to go on the smoker.   
 i got a case of beer and a bag of weed  where am i watching this football game
 should i smoke before leaving for college 
 @urboychucc update im at kyosukes rn and i found my weed. im happy.
 texas syndicate member pleads guilty to his leadership role in methamphetamine  cocaine and marijuana distribution 
 just what we need a fed judge from a place where u can smoke a joint while talking2 a cop amp online poker is a felony making nation decisions
 drinking an outer light fire land smoked chery porter by @outerlightbrews at @outerlightbrews  
 fuck you if u think growing weed is seeds dirt and water..nigga try 5000 for some soil with fuckin 250 for a lil ass thing of fertilizer
 @macleyahh new name for some good ahh weed james brown
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 its just funny because the police were the middle man for her getting her weed plants back
 crushing the southern bbq smoker game this afternoon 
 which slow smoked meat do you start with when eating our tailgaters bbq feast @jimtrotternfl @cskeysshow @jeffdotseth
 nice honey smoke flavor  drinking a double bastard ale with dark toasted oak 2012 at @stonebrewingco  
 drinking a hartfiels smoked export by @hayespublichous @ 7 west taphouse  
 im at smoke in basalt  co 
 rye cocktail with cherrywood smoke holdthesugar @ the alchemist gastropub amp bar 
 early dinner. then theres something on tv tonight... at @moatmountain smoke house amp brewing co. 
 where can i watch the game and smoke
 drinking a one hop this time amarillo by @nightshiftbeer @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 hope all u stoners out there smoke some super bowls today hehe 420 d
 time to smoke fspblood pomonaproud smokinmeatsundays @ gn 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm 2
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhh
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhjjjin
 drinking a 2013 old guardian oaked smoked aged in bourbon barrels by @stonebrewingco at @stonebrewingco  
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmfjh
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmghfdt
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmeertr
 omfg.. what kind of a habit did i have howd i smoke so expensively holy fuckoles.. jfc again those are mini ci 
 wine weed amp tuts
 ladies and gents  we have a new... 2013 old guardian oaked smoked aged in bourbon barrels  photo
 another smoked salmon update its freakin delicious
 @miragonz ive had it for months i got it when u recommended it to me and i think of u alwys how u have guided me to weed
 very nutty tasting. thats what she said.  drinking a hemp pale ale at @dangerousman7   photo
 i hate when ppl be snapping me they weed or tellin me they got weed bitch do u even kno who u talkin to u talkin to da weed man right here
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ upper st. clair  
 hey grwilliams86 ... why you no with us 4riverssmokehouse @ 4 rivers smokehouse 
 smoking weed  eating seafood while she twerking in the kitchen gtgtgt
 so fricken jacked for this game  drinking a smoke amp dagger by @jacksabby @ east lyme  ct    photo
 goes well with smoked wings  drinking a hanalei island ipa by @konabrewingco @ hop hawk brewing    photo
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ msndrstudios  
 @directv unbelievable. @ west hempstead  new york 
 nice porter smokey and flavorful.  drinking a west indies porter @ pasadena  maryland   photo
 let the festivities begin @ lbb gastropub amp smokehouse 
 hey @browns fans  you could have had jones but you traded for weeden and richardson. remember that. superbowl
 i wonder what the refs smoked before this game 
 drinking a plum grove smoked porter by turner alley brewing @ sound cellar  
 masen told me we could make our pizza in the weed leaf shape so im ignoring him
 masen said we couldnt make our pizza in the shape of a weed leaf so im ignoring him
 drinking a frost monster by @cptlawrencebeer @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 i bet martha stewart smokes more than snoop dogg does
 snoop dogg and martha stewart implying weed on that tmobile commercial 
 snoop dogg  marijuana joke  funny.   math is easy. sb51
 martha stewart out cheer doing time in prison and doing weed inspired commercials with snoop dogg. trill
 also  martha stewart is making weed jokes on my tv with snoop dogg.  what is reality
 snoop dogg was referencing marijuana in that ad. superbowl
 can u smoke cigs in ur house weed
 mmmmm hmmmm  drinking a cellophane thin by @tiredhandsbeer @ garage brewerytaproom  smokehouse   
 for those that smoke on my tl  whats ya favorite stran
 .@browns you traded that for weeden superbowl
 whats better than eating cookie dough  eating weed infused cookie dough.
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 i partied with snoop dog back in 1998 at the limelife in nyc eating chicken wings and smokin weed 
 im at smokejumpers grill in anaheim  calif w @jtehmitchell 
 adam sandler smokes mids
 drinking a weedwacker by @saintarnold @ flying saucer draught emporium   photo
 i just wanna smoke wit my shawty but she non existent and that keeps slippin my mind
 i have smoked the cookie that was in the hotbox  amp which u were probably cookin in the crockpot  forgive me it was dope so bad amp so boujee
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 security at observatory  if you have weed dont hide it you can take it in....game changer.
 frank a cancer concierge who told his last patient to smoke crack and she died on site  shameless
 for got all about weed firm dumb game but keeps me entertained
 why why why are you weed eating before 7 am
 @royy   i kno u tryna smoke good man what u got on it
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmghh
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmffggh
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmghhj
 if u smoke cigarettes 
 that was one heck of a game game of the century felt like i needed a cigarette after that game i dont smoke 
 if u smoke to escape ur problems u a child
 trying2 open chapter of w4wp in me 2help vets feel comfortable talking  cannabis. pls help us find a home 
 nonfiction of nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition.  fukushima radiation
 @politicsnewz nonfiction of nuclear promotion and marijuanahemp prohibition. 
 the contrast of our time nuclear promotion and marijuana prohibition. free ebook  sciencefiction satire
 @freeboostpromo the contrast of our time nuclear promotion and marijuana prohibition. free ebook 
 drinking a weedwacker by @saintarnold at @houstonairports  
 this veteran is on board with senator erpenbach represent taylor and their medical marijuana proposal  statewide r 
 this veteran is on board with senator erpenbach rep. taylor and their medical marijuana proposal  statewide refere 
 representative taylor opioids not marijuana are the gateway drug of the 21st century. @tmj4
 @xoxoashleyadams are you about to have a smoke sesh with some fans super jealous i know chilling with u is the bees knees
 marico... abrieron weed delivery.
 the mamas boys  johnny mastro amp smokehouse brown mamasboys johnnymastro smokehousebrown 
 oh hey  look at that. three games for bragg  they dont call it the brannen greene memorial three game weed suspension for nothing
 when will florida fully legalize weed 
 all this weed making me hungry  now its lambchops w da gator  can u dig it
 just posted a photo @ smoke restaurant plano 
 just posted a photo @ smoke restaurant plano 
 i smoke more green than brown 
 join the fastest growing cannabis professional network @  
 watching weeds again amp now i remember why i started drinking iced coffee every day. damn you nancy botwin
 roscoes famous deli   pictured is the fender club sandwich which has turkey  applewood smoked 
 when ur weed man faithfully throws u the dealz
 why just do wings for the big game when you can brine and smoke up some super juicy gameday 
 @sarahhaak if u smoked 
 smoke too much weed to sale it
 @devkenyon hbd baby. love and miss ur sweet self  smoke at least 19 blunts td u deserve it
 @forbes wholesale marijuana prices dropped from 2 500 to 1 000   
 slowly growing tired of weed 
 @blowbama yamaha would smoke sasuke fuck is u talking about
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfir
 @hannahhlee1 try drinking more water if and when you smoke
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 i luv weed 
 @shad0fx @elizabethaneale ye gods he found me out vanishes in a puff of smoke
 hey hoe whats your smoke 
 drinking a shake a paw smoked porter by @yellowdogbeer @ strawberry vale   photo
 pizza amp weed. 
 when u rushing the smoke session so u can get back to the lay up 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @jordanroberts28 we been smoked a tarantula blunt 
 gtgtgtgt smokey 
 firm believer that marijuana will heal the world
 3 out of 5 smokers die 
 3 out of 5 smokers die me 
 3 out of 5 smokers die me 
 just posted a photo @ smokey mountains north carolina  
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 ark legislature working hard to defeat ark constitutional amendment allowing medical marijuana. regnat populus yallthe people rule not u
 hb855 new the smokefree multifamily housing promotion act 
 @lirr what is the reason the 712 from hempstead is cancelled at jamaica
 decisions  decisions...  whats your favorite  the brats of the day are the hickory smoked apple cinnamon  and the 
 u cant smoke with us
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhh
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 when you smoke with a non smoker  
 i hate a henny and weed ass bitch ur breathe stank
 i put my weed in ur blunt  i am the sky to ur star i am the end of ur month 
 if weed was made to calm u there be no wars
 mission accomplished i got weed in texas 
 so help me weed. @ penn hills  pittsburgh  pennsylvania 
 tackling cancer treatment myths  from clean eating to cannabis. keto diet nogood comments @gorskon 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 today is national fettuccine alfredo day check out eat your cannabis for this awesome recipe. 
 @cristiang123 smoke sesh and game night soon i assume 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 its 420 in yarmouth  canada. reefer madness
 but the weed is guaranteed indeed just what i need. 
 elon   now   your just smoking to much weed  can you just come up with a great idea on your own for once just sti 
 blackhistorymonth armys first african american paratroopers amp some of the nations earliest smoke jumpers  walter 
 did the weed survive the tornado  omg  i needed that laugh
 rare beer tuesday  wicked weed garcon de ferme brett peach farmhouse.  great sourpeach balance  
 wow i can go back into smoke shops again prohibition
 if u smoke u die  if u drink u die  if u eat u die  if u love u die..no matter what u die. so do whateva u want homie cuz u gon die anyway
  dude is sooo fine  but i cant do it. he got a kid  and im not a fan of smokers.
 promoting the 1st nypd smoker of 2017 ed el machete perez romero was originally facing el conquistador but he alleg 
 bruh js that better not be actual bud in her nails. what a waste of weed  
 no one cooks squab better than stuart brioza at the progress. its smoked over applewood and 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 when they choking on smoke from the new tires on my lambo
 @shishisxnsxn all you do is have 75 air in the wood 25 weed amp u good my brotha 
 incident on whempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station 
 update incident on whempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station 
 dark chocolate brownies with habanero smoked seasalt.
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb at hempstead station 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 join the club weed man 
 justtapped @beachwoodbbqlb pablo escobeer amp invasive species  @pizzaportbeer smoked chronic amber
 cleared incident on whempsteadbranch wb at west hempstead station
 update incident on hempsteadbranch eb at hempstead station 
 same when u smoke with me  
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb at hempstead station
 i cannot stand when bum ass losers make queens feel belittled. gurrrl  you better flip that hair and smoke a joint 
 fuck authoritarian politicians their our bodies    not yours... end cannabis prohibition now.......  jeff davis  
 fuck authoritarian politicians their our bodies    not yours... end cannabis prohibition now.......  jeff davis  
 12 hemp field  38. mccaskey 19 llhoops @andybrackets
 massive  2 all  gangstas. .we trade war stories smoke sessions and show. l.u.v.   listen 2 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 fresh to def  thanks bill  drinking a bright by @treehousebrewco @ garage brewerytaproom  smokehouse   
 drinking a leaning chimney smoked porter by @greysail @ the brewster bungalow   photo
 drinking a smoke smoked porter by @ofallonbrewery @ ofallon brewery  
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 just smoke amp mirrors... @ san diego  california 
 hey u wanna... smoke penises xd
 ted cruz just smoked bernie
 @breyaan go to vans pig stand or rays smokehouse
 a san diego incubator is stoking businesses aimed at the marijuana market erik anderson 
 photo shoot. kcnyphotography @ town of hempstead in ny 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmuuuuu
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmddgu
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmrrsdgg
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhjjoit
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmjjjhtf
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmgbhgfb
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhjiiklll
 yo i need a hot date to @bandofnothing next week non smoker non ugly
 @pinkmaggottt @seethasigns just start rapping jerel  u smoke weed so u have a start
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 when we smoked out bumping our playlist @fatherdmt 
 in europe everyone smokes. we dont think twicedoctors  lawyers  politicians. 
 if ur tryna smoke 
 at 11 on @8newsnow what temporary decision @cityofhenderson made on the retail sale of recreational marijuana. 
 sumbody come smoke wid me n play wid my hair 
 if ur bored smoke
 if ur hungry smoke
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to jamaica station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to jamaica station 
 if u cant handle ur weed pls dont smoke w me thank uuuu
 who got weed in tacoma  
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to jamaica station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to jamaica station
 facing not even facing to me no more. i always smoke alone now.
 queen  dust ya self off and try again letsgo @ hempstead  new york 
 tragic but not surprising since theres no quality control for medical marijuana. 
 you smoke games  
 @therealvanduuls attached is footage of a kingship crew hints of applewood smoke  polaris torpedo singe amp maple. 
 just posted a photo @ smoke jazz club 
 wet a nigga like a rain coat   famous amos got my own smoke
 @nhprexchange  if marijuana was decriminalized  then the legislature would not be trying to make decisions about its effectiveness
 really trump police are taking peoples property over weed your treated guilty until proven innocent. newjimcrow. 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 i want to smoke a blunt with peter francis geraci.
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 somebody bring ya boy a dutch java . no i will not smoke u down i just need a favor 
 new game weed firm 2
 @natureofthings7 distraction from insnity of the laced reefer.
 garcias @univisionnews for interviewing us about medical cannabis. 
 im eating healthy i go to the gym i smoke medical weed ok cool do you need a cookie and a pat on the back or something
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 congratulations @wesleybrantley you have been chosen as our ks lottery fan of the game meet us in the weede lobby at 515. bring a friend
 @tnsmartgal exactly  @hillaryclinton blew smoke up the countries skirt amp lied to protect herself @comearmed @dplrablinfidel @inkrockmx
 @crimeonlinenews wed have room in prisons for pigs like this if we let out non violent cannabis folks. ruserious  hangemhigh
 amsterdam is now pouring humboldt brown hemp ale and irresistible amber ale  at amsterdam lounge 
 ur only a real vegan if u smoke resin
 im not the time of brown boy u take to your daddy in the type to call when u wanna smoke a fatty
 i turned to poetry  weed  music  and video games 
 u hear me i got new smoke for u 
 drop off peter  pick up shirley @ gutmanns north in north hempstead  ny 
 we just launched on weedmaps be sure to follow us 
 a little too smokey for my taste.  drinking a share this mole by @thebruery at @thebruery   
 oms nell tried to get us smoked out there @hardknockshaun  
 just posted a video @ kristys smoke shop 
 ur so fucking cool and trendy i bet u smoke dabs bc ur too good for weed huh 
 just posted a photo @ smoke justis 
 drinking a window seat by @baxterbrewing @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 just posted a video @ seabolts smokehouse 
 happy birthday  my love @ lbb gastropub amp smokehouse 
 how much before u impeach this idiot do u wait for the republic 2 go up n smokecomplete authoritarian rulemartial law what itmfa
 drinking a smoke amp dagger by @jacksabby @ brick amp brew media  
 drinking a tropical torpedo by @sierranevada @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 wow. standing room only for the orlando medical marijuana rule making committee. 
 florida cannabis action network if you do this wrong  youre just helping me gather signatures for full legalizations. mmj orlando
 .@carioneil3 no medical marijuana in va. if u possess more than 12 ounce u get charged with felony.
 smoke show.  drinking a leaning chimney smoked porter by @greysail @ north stonington  ct   
 lmaoooo just me and weed 
 drinking a forgeworks smoked porter by @gizmobrewworks at @gizmobrewworks   photo
 wow. smokey  roasty  tart brett  combo. works well together.  drinking a space madness @ crabapples   photo
 @dog0fwar88 let us pray we may do no such thing proceeds to smoke j
 wood on the nose  but lots of wood on the ta... corsair triple smoke barrel aged 5 points  photo
 when ur co worker give u free weed whenever 
 kavinsky  great tune  ok beer.  drinking a nightcall smoked porter @ the lake of silver bells   photo
 i smoke like i eat chicken check my header
 i kind of love the weed decision. its just so  whats the word  idiotic. 
 drinking a smokescreens  oilslicks by @otherhalfnyc @ sewaren new jersey   photo
 100 of smokers die. as do 100 non smokers as well.
 legalise weed guys 
 when u tell a dude u on ur period so u cant fuck but yall can chill n smoke n he stop replying... blockeddddd u can go somewhere else boyy
 decent stuff.  drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ timmy webs   
 not my favorite dante beer but very interesting. smokey  light... fumare barrel aged batch 2 
 legalise weed guys 
 im not usually a fan of smokey beer  but this works and is gr... fumare barrel aged batch 2 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 @hillaryclinton @seanhannity @oreillyfactor you lost  go smoke a cigar with monica..
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 do you see a seam in the carpet  there is one.  hemphills rugs amp carpets has great installation teams with the la 
 only you can prevent fascism  wokey the bear   smokey the bear more radical cousin. 
 when u smoke a lot of weed 
 just posted a photo @ natures best recreational marijuana glendale 
 thought this was weed edible cookie dough  not actual cookie dough 
 about to smoke and die 
 f u smokey 
 u cant smoke for free  
 when ur running low on weed amp feel the full moon coming in so u get in ur feelings 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 holy heck hempfield actually cancelled
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 do i think marijuana is a drug no  its a plant. medical cannabis is more  but  different from narcotics. mm actually heals us.
 @tjmommyy if i make some chocolate covered strawberries ima sprinkle weed dust all over them... nun but thc
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 u smoke 
 update incident on i495 eb from 164th street to new york city and north hempstead line 
 free ebook a marijuana mystery set in mendocino. 
 word of advice your last 20 dollars shouldnt go to weed. make wise decisions.
 join us outside the smokes burritorie today at noon today ridgeback uoitridgebacks 
 oomf and i will share a laugh here very soon. yes you..no not you  bye..you umm..miss rolling weed chunks from my jar on fedex packages
 buy beer and weed 
 @realdonaldtrump please heed what i am saying i love most of what u have done but the getting into weeds is making u look bad
 pigfistbump eatinque @ smokey pig barbecue 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @librarycongress @smokeyrobinson @pbs smokey
 my weed so flight  it gave me allergies. 
 pecanpie @ smokey pig barbecue 
 just posted a photo @ smokey pig barbecue 
 @pbarmann or check out a uds for the best  lowest priced smoker 
 i bet him a 3.5 on the game omg betting with weed 
 amfe grozone realted news  health canada to spot check medical marijuana after tainted pot recall 
 just posted a photo @ 2m smokehouse amp catering 
 incident on hempsteadbranch from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 just posted a photo @ 2m smokehouse amp catering 
 just posted a photo @ 2m smokehouse amp catering 
 this page on schlenkerla brewery site describes this oak wood smokekilned malt bier and their other smoked beers 
 carpool boston gt waltham friendly  non smoker  i am working at digi interntional  waltham. split costs 
 @oojimhamiltonoo   then please rationalize your first tweet against ending the drug war  and more specifically  marijuana.  @markantro
 rule 1 you have to be 21 years old in order to purchase  possess or use retail marijuana in colorado. 
 your favorite rapper said smoke so much that smokey the bear   have to bear with us.
 check out our macncheese dog  usingers all beef 14 lb hot dog   applewood smoked bacon amp home fries  open 7303 
 u got weed 
 this is really awesome  fast  brutal  marijuana induced  trailer park boys shitbarometer grindcore check it out. f 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 game amp smoke gallery is back   tune in now ||  
  @ smokestack at magnolia brewing 
 @arifleischer people get lost in the weeds and i cannot be responsible for that sorry the word most clogged up your twitterfeed
 my mom sent this to us this morning of james at the blueberryfarm growing like those weeds 
 work expands for florida law firms on medical marijuana bandwagon  @akermanlaw @gtlaw 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 incident on southernstateparkway eb from exit 15  north corona avenue to exit 17s  hempstead avenue 
 incident on southernstateparkway eb from exit 15  north corona avenue to exit 17s  hempstead avenue 
 love the rauch beer. smokey and delicious  saintbenjamin heartinhand pigbeer craftbeer @ 
 @robertgbeckel bob u will go to hell as quick for lying as for stealing. are u one of the seeds that fell on shallow soil or among the weeds
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway eb from exit 15  north corona avenue to exit 17s  hempstead avenue
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway eb from exit 15  north corona avenue to exit 17s  hempstead avenue
 @trutherbotnet in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @nbcpolitics in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 breathe your smoke into my lungs and watch them die 
 @georggrey in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @thcoptions in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @booksandthebear in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @trutherbotyelow in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @mjstocksdaliy in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @marijuanaposts in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @marijuanaposts in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @fact in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 @minnmarijuana in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery set during prohibition.  
 new bedford  ma smoke in bldg  cooking incident 276 cottage st @pcfntips @pvdcanteen
 new bedford ma returning companies  cooking smoke  @pcfntips
 if u smoke 
 drinking a slow n low smoked porter by @jekyllbrewing @ world of beer   photo
 harder you work the more you can smoke am i right
 is weed bad 4 u @webmd
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 @joezquinn how do u even smoke that
 @lepainquotidien bring ur hempseed blondies back thank u
 seem appropriate  drinking a winterhook by @redhookbrewery @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse    photo
 is there smoke on my tl 
 newyork statetrooper wreck @ west hempstead  new york 
 stop for the night. @ pilot travel center  @pilotflyingj in weed  ca 
 brisket  chedder  smoked mozzarella  egg. well worth a snow trek. asburypark pizza medusaap @ 
 a bit old at 5 months old and ownership aside  fairly solid... wolf among weeds  photo
 why tf u hatin on  weed when ur 15 yr old ass was out gettin plastered lmao
 @deandelray  i know san francisco ass is hard to the bonemarin county taught the country how to smoke
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 more incredible meat from @meatmerchant in stouffville. pork tenderloin done on the traeger smoker grill. 
 any pharmaceuticals u needed bitch i had from weed to that eaze u want that hard lets get it crackin
 drinking a sams smoked porter by twains brewpub amp billiards @ beer guys radio studios  
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @scottsnook @vntgsprintcars @kevinnouse smokes famous yellow suit
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 @neecaltxt its the amy schumer weed train wreck
 incredibly wellrounded. beautiful balance between the bitter and the fruiti... wolf among weeds 
 hard to beat @newmarketbbq smoked mac n cheese yum 100dishestoeatinalabamabeforeyoudie 
 not overly smoked. has a good flavor. needs to warm up a bit.... smoked brown porter  photo
 not a smoke kind of guy.  drinking a petite fumee by @sierranevada at @sierranevada   
 i smoke greeeeeeen you smoke brown
 incredible smoke  
 hi frosty. snowstorm @ west hempstead  new york 
 @sethmacfarlane yo seth prairie dog eating the marijuana cookie.   make the sequel already. 
 my baby sister is an angel. snowstorm @ west hempstead  new york 
 @ohdagemily yiiiiiiiiikes. malfunctioning or actual smoke set it off
 but lets keep waging the war on drugs against marijuana. 
 drinking a ksq chocolate rye smoked porter by @victorybeer @ victory brewing company  
 tastes smoked  tasty.  drinking a beechballer by @bauhausbrewlabs @ 7 west tap house   
 i need a smoke and a beer.
 these sorry goat humping bastards in tehran need a icbm launched right up their ass when the smoke cleared they wo 
 why u flexing boi u dont want no smoke
 work life... love my family  john brown smoke house. crewlife 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 blackhistorymonth armys first african american paratroopers amp some of the nations earliest smoke jumpers  walter 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 @yunggchip0tle match smoke daughter
 hot damn its friday in the kitchen and i need some luckydoghotsauce extra hot lightly smoked 
 bruh. dont let ur friends smoke off ur hookah these chics wylin
 taste like a mix between a pilsner and pale  drinking a samuel adams hopscape @ smoke on the water   photo
 on wftvat4 @melbournepolice show us some of the synthetic marijuana and viagra seized from local convenience store 
 when you get hurt snowboarding  grab a beer.  drinking a nightcall smoked porter at @cascademtn  
 check out web codeword smokey robinson 11.1311.19 from khtpfm  i just entered here 
 @officialmshort @stevemartintogo stop by smokers paradise of clearwater for a great cigar from a huge fan while youre in clearwater. 
 @agjeffsession smoke a joint and chill boy. u and fakepresident r havin ur 15 mins. u will be flushed  erased.
 if u smoke dutch masters u might as well smoke those 3 for a dollar jackpots blunts. u dirty little fiend
 if u smoke dutch masters u might as well smoke those 3 for a dollar jackpot blunts. u dirty little fiend
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhff
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmkkmhuff
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhuuddd
 when the marijuana craving is 2 real 
 if you are selling weed laced with opiates and coke u need to be put down like a dog
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhjkkk
 tonight on pbs at 98c watch allstar tribute to smokey robinson  2016 recipient of @librarycongress gershwin prize 
 tonight on pbs at 98c watch allstar tribute to smokey robinson  2016 recipient of @librarycongress gershwin prize 
 why u smoke so much 
 tonight pbsgershwin a tribute to smokeyrobinson hosted by me. the gershwin award for 
 drinking a gumballhead by @3floyds @ sublime smoke   photo
 drinking a kentucky bourbon barrel blackberry porter by @kentuckyale @ sublime smoke   photo
 @traveltx i know plus shes so smart and growing like a weed dogsoftwitter rvlife rvliving 
 cant smoke so im drinking
 lemme smoke u out instead salty asssssssss
 drinking  the kimmie  the yink amp the holy gose ale by @avbc @ sublime smoke   photo
 drinking a smokehouse porter by @northboundbrew at @northboundbrew   photo
 medical marijuana facilities limited under proposed zoning   
 @jenniferbillock wow how did u write about bootlegging amp nascar wo citing paul hemphills wheels firewater is indian for bonded amp bottled
 valentines dinner for the consultant on the road @ smoke bourbon barbq house  @smokebourbonbbq 
 just posted a photo @ moat mountain smoke house amp brewing co. 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ boston globe travel show  
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 just posted a photo @ moat mountain smoke house amp brewing co. 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 dark brownblack pour wmedbrown head light smoke in the no... cherrywood smoked porter  photo
 drinking a ruedrichs red seal ale by @nocoastbrewco @ sublime smoke  
 @gwpattie if someone with a 20yr old marijuana charges wants in to canada not allowed. yet this prick waltzes in then laughs at us.
 a little smokey  drinking a coal seam by @rockhoundbrew @ rockhound brewing company   
 @newshour @smokeyrobinson @librarycongress @pbs smokey is a beautiful human.
 a real smoked beer at silver harbor brewing in st joseph  michigan. brewery @ silver harbor 
 if u gtta ask how much for a g u shouldnt be buying ur own weed ur going 2 get played u just r
 cascara latte smoked butter scotch. very delicious. 
 traditional stout. smokey. bitter.  drinking a mellor stout by @fallbrewing at @fallbrewing    photo
 nowwatching @pbs smokey robinson  the 2016 recipient of the library of congress gershwin prize for popular song. 
 runnerupgrammyartistprizes smoke session in the green room with snoop dogg
 not bad  on tap here  drinking a smoked red by @westobeer at @dellaviti    photo
 smokey smokey  drinking a mittens by @fallbrewing@monkeypawbrew at @fallbrewing    photo
 drinking a smokewood by @earnestbeer @ earnest brew works  
 @dalemoss2 hey. tell her that movie is on again on 220. she can dvr it. you are missing a tribute to smokey robinson on pbs..
 drinking a smoked porter by jacked up brewery @ jacked up brewery  
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ h amp ms house  
 sfbeerweek  drinking a smokey the mtn bear by @thirstybearbrew @ pier 48   
 i ate a weed cookie and now im sleepy
 dominos pizza  beer    amp smoke . couldnt be a better night.
 @jessicathomm kellyanne conway yall smoke to enjoy it. i smoke to die.
 its another smoke and mirrors diversion to get eyes off of flynn and kellyanne 
 smoke and mugger  drinking a smoke amp dagger by @jacksabby at @bukscambridge   
 if only i could smoke a fatass blunt before eating this pizza
 drinking a smokestack lightning imperial stout by @magnoliabeer at @magnoliapub  
 ok i just want to smoke some dank ass weed. pls amp thank u.
 @smashingviolet @dropchicago journey i see her in a smokey room
 officially a non smoker
 honestly  tho  if ur a small indie dev amp ur freaking out about steam direct  ur like a weed dealer flipping out over el chapo going to jail.
 san diego closed door supper club to feature 5course medical marijuana dinner 
 if u ma fwiend smoke
 @adrionelusha smoking weed makes u lame
 just right here high off weed and oxygen 
 the security came in and smoked with us im ded 
 what is smokey the bears middle name the.
 cookie smoke
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 @realdonaldtrump smoke a fatty and laugh @ snl life is too short
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 steve looks delicious and smokes amazing  five different profiles rich and bold have a great weekend  
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 chilirun @ carolina blue smokehouse amp taproom 
 u so little when u smoke weed you get junior high
 incident on whempsteadbranch eb from valley stream station to west hempstead station 
 incident on whempsteadbranch eb from valley stream station to west hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 getting ready 4 smoke amp beer festival w a sofie mosa  drinking a sofie @ city roots   photo
 i need to make a song about weed amp video games
 yes  carl. she won california by 4m  other than that she got smoked amp just 2 remind u she won a whopping 57 counti 
 charcuterie plate dried saucisson  smoked duck breast  pickled beef tongue  souse  apple 
 docs smokehouse will crush it 
 cleared incident on whempsteadbranch eb from valley stream station to west hempstead station
 cleared incident on whempsteadbranch eb from valley stream station to west hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 wheres the beef in the smokers @ florida state fairgrounds 
 applewood smoked baby backs  bbqdetroit detroit barbecue barbeque eat pork foodie food 
 join me in seattle for songs of resistance  love  death  weed and whiskey. 
 its all fun and games until ur in the middle of voodoo amp the smoke machine gives you an asthma attack
 coffee  smoke and coffee  drinking a beer for breakfast by @dogfishbeer @ timothy otooles pub    photo
 my marijuana tolerance has gone down...a lot which is good because ive been eating yuppie singleorigin fair trade high quality chocolate
 San Diego
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm nice
 chocolate cherry stout aged in a wicked weed black angel barrel for 1 yr. super... cupids woody 
 smokey and tasty  drinking a smoke hole lager @ hazel amp j. w. ruby community center   photo
 ham on the smoker. hope it turns out well  drinking an ipa by @greenmanbrewing at @darensbeercave   
 being a piggie with my  @every1sayimboss @ john brown smokehouse  @johnbrownsmoke in long island city  ny 
 us a clown to me  u cant smoke no blackampmild w me
 if u r near the rez check out this dispensary its not on weed maps   
 @realdonaldtrump u said im a great businessman but u dont know when someone is just blowing smoke up ur ass negotiations u got conned
 down for some weed and brews rn
 drinking a doc porter smoke stout by @lennyboybrew @ lenny boy brewing  
 me ma dont eat that cookie..                 mom spits cookie out.. why me its weed cookie mom thought you dont do weed no more 
 @esaulron brisket deliciousness  @ 2m smokehouse amp catering 
 okay  so i absolutely smoked a 247kgs545lbs squat  then got absolutely crushed by this massive 
 drinking a smoked chocolate stout by @lionbridgebrew at @lionbridgebrew  
 so weed dont slow u down and make u feel sluggish and absentminded 
 first smoke beer ive liked  drinking a last days smoked brown ale by @lastdaysbrewing at @lastdaysbrewing   
 drinking a nightcall smoked porter by @karben4 @ draft gastropub  
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ upper st. clair  
 @esaulron bbq sandwich  @ 2m smokehouse amp catering 
 drinking a smoked saison by @bigalicebrewing at @bigalicebrewing   photo
 drinking a grass monkey by @sweetwaterbrew @ sublime smoke  
 drinking a she just smoked you by deadly sins brewing  @ deadly sins brewing  
 like drinking bbq  drinking a lil smokey by @funkbrewing at @funkbrewing   
 my prediction is trump will crack down on all liberal west coast values  including legal marijuana. 
 i use to smoke bud now i flip words you a dub
 im at @moatmountain smoke house amp brewing co. in north conway  nh 
 @jtlinder wd 13 dbq hempstead 13. halftime
 halftime hempstead  western dubuque tied at 13. defenses rule 1st half.
 my saturday inside drinking an smoke
 drinking a cup a joe coffee crme stout by @shortsbrewing @ sublime smoke   photo
 @jtlinder hempstead 29 bobcats 22 after 3
 drinking an el camino unreal by @21stamendment@firestonewalker @ sublime smoke   photo
 drinking a smoked wheat erryday by oliphant brewing at @oliphantbrewing  
 drinking a shiner bock by @shinerbeer @ belly up smokehouse amp saloon   photo
 nigga ur already high u smoked it 
 smokin  drinking a smoked schwarzbier by @apbrewery at @capitalcraftnj   
 can u really be bored when u have weed
 yo anyone got a weed plug here in san antonio
 im at bubbas smokehouse in chula vista  ca 
 i will argue with anyone that weed is not a drug
 by far the best smoked porter since the alaskan brewing vers... smouldering smoked porter  photo
 art work by m. prince.  @ wicked weed brewing 
 a smokey drink called the dagobah. well  they win. joysticksorlando starwars episode5 
 @tvtvdalwave @cokeboyrue you look like u smoked a 50 of rock in ur avi
 and i take you on my journey to the gas station instead of the smoke shop lol bluntville 
 drinking an i only smoke after sex by @hoofheartedbrew at @platformbeers  
 @nickwieser thanks weedwacker
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ old stein inn  
 they get the weedwacker from penelope ford and stockade lays out ford with a powerbomb jeff cannonball makes the save czw eighteen
 when ur mom throws ur weed in the fire pit .................................. ......
 perfect lighter version of wolf among weeds  drinking a wolf pup session ipa @ cannery row brewing company  
 when ur mom accidentally throws ur weed in the fire pit................... ...........
 bring me a pizza and get smoked out
 drinking marijuana  my mom
 @derekbrunson u called me a heckler but i was right my boy silva smoked ur boots hold this l from brooklyn itself. @spideranderson love u
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfir
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 just posted a photo @ hempstead house 
 @andy .thanks for all the laughs  definitely worth it hw of denverfeaturing medical marijuana wives  new breed of money. jerryspringerish
 update theres weed in here too 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 drinking a smouldering smoked porter by @moodyales @ biercraft tap and tapas  
 enjoying a belated birthday beer.  drinking an in the weeds by @federationbrew at @freehouse2700   
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 @katiesalvino @noahemiller13 whenever i smoke with u guys 
 2015 bottle.  drinking a smoked honey doppelbock by @steelandoak @ jamies beer emporium   
 2015 bottle.  drinking a smoked honey doppelbock by @steelandoak @ jamies beer emporium   
 i need to smoke badly
 @katyperry @skipmarley we were drinking smoking weed and the federalis came and just snatched us up and my weed pipes were clean such bs
 lyk at 13 i might of robbed you. at 18 id prolly wouldve fucked u.. at 23 id have sold u weed or addy..
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 postrace beer perfection  drinking a smokey didilly oakey by @towyardbrewing at @towyardbrewing    photo
 prevday dinner scallion bubble  smoked tofu  seafood clay pot @serenityrowland peterchangsrva 
 @daegawdess but i bet u dont live up to ur faith on evryday basis. u telling me u dont smoke  have premarital sex  party  drink call bs
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhjh
 @hippieoflove check this sight out smokeable art   @tonygreenhand
 tryna smoke a fatty
 @littlefoot u smoke 
 yucky outside come join us at bayshore shopping centre for cheesecake and smoked 
 drinking a sunwalker smoked pilsner by @icarusbrewing @ cornerstone kitchen amp tap  
 dont underestimate the true power of the snuggle @ west hempstead  
 eating smoked salmon without lina is sad
 sundayfunday decent local stout  drinking a rye milk stout by @coastbrewing @ midwood smokehouse    photo
 new beer brewmaster steve behind created a good o... berglers smoked pepper porter  photo
 eat all the beef. do all the weed.
 drinking an imposter pale by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station  
 drinking a potomac ipa by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station  
 banana bomb  drinking a german crossing hefeweizen by @smoketownbrew @ smoketown brewing station   
 checking it out cuz we are in the neighborhood @ smoketown brewing station in brunswick  md 
 drinking a smokescreens  oilslicks by @otherhalfnyc at @otherhalfnyc  
 @cnthlynn if u put vodka in a fish tank is that equivalent to people smoking weed @brylibeth
 just posted a photo @ the feed store hemphill 
 salty and smokey  drinking an islay scotch barrel macfannybaw by @atgbrewery at @hopcatd   
 soooooooo smooth aged very well. thanks brock... class of 88 imperial smoked porter  photo
 drinking a weed line wheat by @keysbrewing at @keysbrewing   photo
 not getting much smoke at all which is nice  drinking a melange 5 2017 by @thebruery at @thebruery   
 do u want us to send u a care package of smoked meats for your birthday  my parents 
 drinking a smokes mcgotes by @blackhammerbrew @ black hammer brewing  
 brew day making a hella dry  slightly smokey beer. conflicting emotions in a glass @ azalea 
 drinking a hemp pale ale by @dangerousman7 at @dangerousman7  
 play me in 8 ball. bet i smoke u 
 drinking a smoked haymaker by @platformbeers @ highland tavern  
 drinking a lil weedy by @bluepantsbrew at @thenooktavern   photo
 smoke so much that smokey the bear  have to bear with us 
 i just found weed in this game 
 drinking a blacksmith smoked porter by @highlanderbrew @ ford test track field 11   photo
 u never truly know how much ur hair smells like weed until u straighten it
 just posted a photo @ slap ya mommas smokehouse amp bbq 
 smoke so much that smokey the bearll have to bear with us
 just posted a photo @ the scyfli smoke shop and glass gallery 
 drinking a hella revised by @altamontbw @ smoke eaters  
 eating smoked gouda with crackers. all i need is some pinot noir
 drinking a citra sunshine slacker by @eviltwinbrewing@7venthsunbeer @ smoke eaters  
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 just posted a photo @ smokestack at magnolia brewing 
 slightly smokey caramel.  drinking a brew 1000 wee heavy scottish ale by big ridge brewing @ murrayville   
 had weed and pizza delivered to me for once. 
 drinking an in the weeds by @federationbrew at @yoshisjazz  
 i can legally purchase smokes now 
 no offense but like why would u smoke.
 smoked a j with a fellow rhcp fan in line and then proceeded to get high from second hand smoke inside the concert 
 @neeuqcmnadroj but i need the weedssss
 u hit a new low when ur too lazy to get up to smoke fucking weed bro
 the chain smoker   photo of courtesy by oldpicsarchive @ bourbon street 
 @jpoom631 @ethanlamesday @karolinaszmidt ill smoke u up
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @smokeymartling @kikiandfriends1 @shineboxxbatts someone legendary among us  smokey. d
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm@
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm@
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfi
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @jacobshmowzow @defonce @mattxdierkes @jordanstewart @pinkmaggottt @sadbutkindarad but do they smoke weed
 @brianislord or weeds nacy botwin is my idol
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 medical cannabis infused hot cocoa  
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm@
 just posted a photo @ the smoke room 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 florida officials  voters clash over medical marijuana rules  via @sfgate
 debate in class is multiculturalism actually working in canada or is this all a smoke screen
 @nminfocus the proposed marijuana legislation
 can employers maintain a drugfree workplace what about drug testing amp medical marijuana join us 215 to find ou 
 leonard lenny lyles  smoketown legend. uofl football and track great. gocards @ university of 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 they say u are what u smoke...
 blackhistorymonth armys first african american paratroopers amp some of the nations earliest smoke jumpers  walter 
 u serving 30 years for weed possession u not actually locked up.. only if you think you are.. weak nogs are only 
 facts smoke but when u tellem that...we trippin 
 im at lirr  lakeview station  @lirrdeals4u in west hempstead  ny 
 when u get greedy with ur weed and punished by the gods of gonja 
 im at rosa parks hempstead transit center in hempstead  ny 
 just play a game of 21 at the gym against @cutondime25  and his friend and they smoked us...
 just posted a photo @ hempstead  texas 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 i hate when u go to the doctors and they ask u if u drink or smoke in front of ur mom mind ur own business i would never do that stuff
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  w
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfir
 landlords seek to ban marijuana with new clause  but can they 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 almost a smokey aftertaste  drinking a ruby red ipa by @ipswichalebrew @ barking dog ale house    photo
 drinking a hopslam ale 2017 by @bellsbrewery @ via marconi smokehouse tavern  
 smoke so much  that smokey tha bear.. have to bear with us
 if u act drunk when u smoke weed.......................... dont associate urself w me
 need stix. will smoke u up if u get me some
 @abake15 @realjoeykessler joey why did u rt this u always smoke
 sibley county. 32 cases of beer in lakeside weeds. the investigation continues. 
 prestigious san diego marijuana labs future hangs on city action. 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 i have to figure out what im eating before i smoke
 packers geronimo allison pleads not guilty to marijuana charge 
 i luv maself for having numerous amount of bongsrigs to smokedab from  thankyoumariah
 i luv maself for having numerous amount of bongsrigs to smokedab from  thankyoumariah ohanytime
 just posted a photo @ up in smoke hookah lounge 
 eating smoked meat and drinking tequila with @cassiegrimaldi is my ideal galentines day  
 just posted a photo @ glenns smokehouse 
 just posted a photo @ up in smoke hookah lounge 
 drinking a chronic smoked amber ale by @pizzaportbeer at @pizzaportbeer  
 im not smoking weed from florida 
 me and ashton order pizza when we have a smoke sheesh
 our friends over @lowellfarms amp @chillwithsg visited us with a bouquet of weed. whats not to 
 i dont smoke  but have strangest craving for a cigarette. for lenny. theyoungpope
 this guys mocking smokeys video xd  @smokeyrbx
 lindsey n.  drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew at @flylaxairport    photo
 boy all u do is smoke gas 
 smooth. slightly smokey.  drinking an oatmeal stout by @eastbrotherbeer @ pacific standard taproom    photo
 all ur brain cells rottin from weed. u feel like if u aint got it ur lifes not as complete. u having sex with every mothafukin body you see
 west virginia smoked this game
 lake county warning about marijuana laced with opiates was a false alarm gtgt  
 why do i attract non smokers 
 bae bitch go back to ur weed vape u rapist 
 course six smoked venison tenderloin @chefalexripley beerdinner with @bfbbeer and @eviltwinbrewing sfbeerweek 
 ima need sum cannabis infused chocolate covered strawberries
 @rileyreidx3 is so bad ass she showed snoop dogg how to smoke and helped doug benson how to tell a joke 
 facing the smokes 
 @drewgamblord gamb u fool its a metaphor u dont actually smoke it
 how about a hemplify tropical fruit with tinley caribbean rum or berry passion with amaretto hempextract 
 how about a hemplify tropical fruit with tinley caribbean rum or berry passion with tinley amaretto hempextract 
 all i smoke is back woods leave u in the back of the woods 
 dont date someone thats not on ur level  if u date a loser that smokes all day hes not gonna understand when u stay home all week doing hw
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 roses have thorns violets are weeds i wish you would join me for delicious misdeeds valentines
 roses have thorns violets are weeds i wish you would join me in delicious misdeeds valentines
 @siriusxmnascar @jimcramer @nflnetwork @kaylatausche i going on a smoke beer break.
 @siriusxmnascar @jimcramer @nflnetwork @kaylatausche i like the et store in middleport  cheap smokes
 kellyanne definitely smokes marlboro reds 
 the choking  smokey scene pulling up to the massive blaze at st. clair and yonge. @citynews 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhnzdnd
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmusjsndns
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmjzjsjjdjd
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmjzjzjjzjz
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmjzjzjjzjz
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmjzjzkjzjzksj
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmjjsjsjs
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmndjsjsj
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmjsjsjs
 when ur bffs smoke without u 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhhgf
 @hippieoflove weedies lmao
 v upset to find out kal penn and john cho werent even high for any of the harold and kumar movies... hakgtwc started my enamoring with weed
 drinking a smoked marzen by 49th state brewing company @ festival wine amp spirits  manitowoc  
 a smoked jalapeo and pineapple pale ale. complex and has a dept... make lava not war pale ale 
 landlords seek to ban marijuana with new clause  but can they 
 if u got a backwood u can smoke wit me
 this smoker walked in philip 66 and said let me put my beer in the freezer 
 when she throw it back and u think u can handle but u already mixed liquors  smoked an 8th  and sipped lean. 
 lets give some love back.  @ north hempstead  new york 
 great ideas are like smoke. execution is what matters. the journey. 
 la hookah town thursday night  come smoke hookah while playing your favorite card game and board 
 tonight is about pizza  weed and beer
 wow enjoying the islay whiskey taste in it great smell of peat and smoke... battle axe  photo
 theres 2 of us and he came back and gave us 4 credit cards and the wrong bill bro lay off the weed
 sooooo much smoke.  drinking a beer geek rauch by @mikkellersd at @mikkellersd   
 how much you smoke before you posted this  
 songoftheday  @zoeydollaz badtings .......  shwty do u drink or smoke  @ doubletree by 
 drinking a hires by @sixpoint @ sublime smoke   photo
 can you smoke after u take antibiotics 
 @rtcom nuclear is evil  marijuana heals 
 @rtcom nuclear is evil  marijuana heals 
 nuclear is evil  marijuana heals 
 @evylinnramalho @raquel56campos nuclear is evil  marijuana heals 
 @legalizepotusa nuclear is evil  marijuana heals 
 @trutherbotgreen nuclear is evil  marijuana heals 
 we will miss you @tflight31 in the us smoke. always welcome back best in your new town. they are lucky to have you 
 @trutherbotgreen nuclear is evil  marijuana heals 
 @stopnuclearwar nuclear is evil  marijuana heals 
 @rtcom nuclear is evil  marijuana heals 
 99 cent ebook. but free quote in beginning is priceless. nuclear is evil  marijuana heals. 
 rd 1 topbrewstues wolf among weeds dipa. great bitter bite. clean finish. hides 8 abv with full frontal attack ho 
 you are what u smoke
 you are what u smoke
 drinking a citrusinensis pale ale by @lagunitasbeer @ sublime smoke   photo
 pizza and weeds 
 nice  almost smoked lager with surprising hops.  drinking an 2926 steam lager at @sidetrackbrew  
 nice  almost smoked lager with surprising hops.  drinking an 2926 steam lager at @sidetrackbrew  
 drinking a fort laurens amber ale by lockport brewery @ sublime smoke   photo
 drinking a gratzer oak smoked wheat ale by @fatheadsbeer at @fatheadscle  
 drinking a ruckus ipa by lockport brewery @ sublime smoke   photo
 and my valentine  amanda  drinking a reef donkey by @tbbco @ blue smoke    photo
 and my valentine  amanda  drinking a reef donkey by @tbbco @ blue smoke    photo
 every time im proud of u yes u only u 4 self control thank u  4 not smokeing  ur 2 fine of a natural beauty  @kehlani
 drinking  the lockporter by lockport brewery @ sublime smoke   photo
 just mayb if u read all yo unread messages u would have a bf and gifts but thotin is life doe .  look what the weed make me do
 beer 3 in the flight... perfect amount of smoke tnt  drinking a steakcake stout at @beergrowlerws   photo
 drinking a big debbie by lockport brewery @ sublime smoke  
 @mark22photos gives us some new games shots hempmc  @mcbaronhoops @hempstudsec2017 @hhshoops
 funk on the nose to a subtle smoke.  drinking a funky chimney by @councilbrewing at @councilbrewing    photo
 drinking an early riser coffee porter by @boulevardbeer @ sublime smoke   photo
 drinking a hop ranch by @victorybeer @ sublime smoke  
 im at bp in south hempstead  ny  
 bitter leathery smoked tobacco  drinking a mythical creature by @903brewers @ de leon  texas    photo
 rolls my moms burrito really well her did u learn this when u picked the grass out of the back yard to smoke it when u were 13
  what i hope to hear as i die among weed plants amp loved ones.
 wine  weed  and the wolf among us 
 @patmaine do u smoke the weed bc boston is gonna be lit if u do
 drinking a blewett smokey scottish ale by @nwpeaksbrewery at @flatstickpub  
 send me ya smoke  playlists 
 i need to smoke more than u kno
 mildly smokey  reminiscent of grandpas toboggan hill  drinking a smoked porter @ lauder sand hills   photo
 @micksbecoolin u smoke mids and u builthave the same physique as a poorly rolled blunt bitch
 up smoking weed drinking beer nshit
 i dislike smoking weed
 @sandybonham95 well there is smoke of actual treason
 blackhistorymonth  armys first african american paratroopers ampsome of the nations earliest smoke jumpers  walter 
 u ruining my learning abilities with ur smokers cough
 just posted a photo @ up in smoke hookah lounge 
 @desdeoliveira we do this with our videos after we smoke and laugh extra hard 
 just got the reup on some alien weed bout to flip flip flip
 boofing weed and pizza
 @martyshnv do you have anymore wolf among the weeds
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 this trump presidency is based on smoke and mirrors and pigs in lipstick
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 mmmmmm smokehouse beef and cheddar. thanks @firehousesubs it was 
 atlanta band blackberry smoke partners with asheville brewing co. to produce beer  
 my goal is to smoke weed with @snoopdogg before i die.
 if u in santa cruz smoke a blunt with me today ill swoop u 
 setting up at jimbos  on hempstead in hockley getting ready to play at 5.  are you all coming out to give us a listen texasoutlawmusic
 happy birthday@jaimielabella amp @davidasmanfox celebrating w jaimies fav wings n things elmont amp hempstead  ny 
 happy birthday @jaimielabella amp @davidasmanfox celebrating w jaimies fav wings n things elmont amp hempstead  ny 
 here at meeting to discuss lansings  proposed medical marijuana ordinance for commercial establishments. tweets to come @lsjnews
 draft of map shared here in meeting that shows blue  orange areas where commercial marijuana establishments would 
 just posted a photo @ bbqr916 smokehouse and brewpub 
 @paniq weed seems doable  and i can only assume that there are people working on ending prohibition there.
 smokey  drinking a smoked maple vanilla porter by @dbbrewingco @ citizen burger bar   
 drinking local  drinking a sunwalker smoked pilsner by @icarusbrewing @ cornerstone kitchen amp tap    photo
 just smoked a blunt w ur gf @mitchkav25 
 when ur weedmans telling u what he got 
 drinking a hemp pale ale by @dangerousman7 at @dangerousman7  
 stop by our tap room this evening for a beer  burger for 11  ftg. smoked mozz  fig jam  arugula amp citrus aioli. 
 132 fulton hempstead ss 
 sweet and smokey  drinking a dynamo donut barrel noir by @almanacbeer @ sabatinis bottleshop amp bar    photo
 i suspect ill be at smoked alone drinking a postmeeting beer.
 @amberliz lmfao hey if u ever wanna smoke u know im always down 
 drinking a smoked wheat on rye by @thesecondwedge at @brewwizardscafe  
 going smoke a joe
 if i offer u a blunt  u gotta be nice and smoke it.
 i love pizza and weed 
 drinking a peachwood smoked kolsch by standard deviant brewing @ standard deviant brewing   photo
 drinking a smoked rye pale by standard deviant brewing @ standard deviant brewing   photo
 wisdom teeth are painful asf i feel like my skull is being crushed omg marijuana pls help me
 you are so busy blowing out bad vibes in every direction that we are all choking on your secondhand smoke.
 feature game hemplchs  @swave1966 @crusadercrazy @hhshoops @hempstudsec2017
 @andybrackets @kirkneidermyer  my thoughts re hemplchs 
 scorebooks added to feature game hemplchs on 
 whats ur stances on marijuana  legalization @jumaanewilliams @coreyinnyc  @marklevinenyc @julissaferreras. 
 delicious  just the right amount of smoke.  drinking a melange no. 5 @ wakefield ponds   photo
     @groselhaley.      7.           11.          japan.  stop. shop. beer. big gulp.   smoke 
 conservative christian legislators really want to legalize weed in the us  via @qz
 @maddow jus saw u on vice lol i jus got 1   did u smoke trees before the segment thanks for wat u do trumplethinskin @chrislhayes
 when u always smoke up ur friends but they can never smoke u up 
 tfw u just got home from watching the ring n ur sitting in ur garage havin a smoke and the lights go out randomly 
 whiskey brisket w smoked bacon. we can customize our menus. check us out @foodee   
 ld626 new an act to provide funding for county jails from sales tax collected on retail sales of marijuana and ... 
 no underwear and no weed in the middle of downtown portland
 harris county marijuana policy shift but not in montgomery county 
 really wish i had a beer.... or some weed..... maybe a pizza....def a pizza... 
 there should be a weed delivery app called splyft
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 just posted a video @ smoke 
 the blind side  captain america civil war  hunger games  forrest gump  smokey amp the bandit  all filmed in ga who knew terrythirdthursday
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 @eddiefiorentine do u smoke drugs too
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station
 jj dont smoke no more
 at 720 @lisahelps joins us. how does victoria plan to vet dozens of marijuana shops cfax
 area wrestlers are now 02 to open the state wrestling tournament. josh diehl  @oskyactivities loses 71 to joe pins  dubuque hempstead
 u can have ur opinions ab marijuana  whatever idc. but there is scientific evidence that it helps amp cures things w way less side effects.
 the smoke we shared was. 
 weed firm replanted. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 photos smoke rising up over homes in polkcounty off state road 60. @polkcountyfl @polkcosheriff @abcactionnews 
 aight whos growing weed in hepner
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @realaaroncolyer wait  are you talking about opiates or marijuana
 carpet weed
 the new marijuana diversion policy in harris county becomes effective on march 1  2017. abc13 hounews 
 updates today coming on medical cannabis bill scnews @live5news 
 @mikeisaac @rustyk5 mike u cant just chain smoke in here
 update hempstead town ida board unanimously denies tax breaks for mixeduse project in @hempsteadvill after hour mtg 
 bday x @isaiahrashad is a good ass song to smoke to. ur welcome.
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 today we package front room  a cherrywoodsmoked vienna lager. smoke beers are the new new england ipa you guys. 
 we recently completed repairs to bring hemphill reservoir 1 back in service. check out the video update here  dwm
 waking up early to smoke some pineapple.  actually.  conditioning a keg of wild west fermented 
 bronksy 21 of fatalities in co mvas with marijuana on board gatheringeagles17 foamems
 edibles with marijuana do not have 1 dose per edible...gummy bears with 3 doses etc. gatheringeagles17 foamems
  join us every friday for the all new friyay. come smoke an amazing hookah and party with 
 not taking presidential salary smoke screen  bam massive travel and security spending. fuck trump 
 ladies. u mcm put weed over you
 i just wanted to smoke a blunt with u um no. talk to me when u dont of bitches. i dont play that game bc im the 1 that will hold u down.
 so i get here to pick up damian at ucla  and the dudes asleep  kids dont smoke and do edibles the night before cuz then all u do is snoooze
 if u smoke u die  if u drink u die  if u eat u die  if u love u die  no matter what u die  so do whateva u want homie cuz u gon die anyways
 just posted a photo @ bayou smokehouse amp grill  banner elk 
 larain castorm hemphills rugs amp carpets has three carpet installations going on today including balboa yacht club gettingitdone
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmbghh
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhhh
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmbfggg
 fresh out the shower tile to smoke 
 @anpalacios5 maybe a video will surface of him smoking weed out of a gas mask lol
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhhghh
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmjjuuhh
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmnjhhhc
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhhhg
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmnnnnhhgg
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhhhhhhh
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmnjjuu
 @gracerestaurant from my private home smoker and they were delicious
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew at @hurleystavern  
 when a 2nd gen with stacks blows smoke as the drive past you but u cant do it back cause ur truck doesnt smoke
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ bottle room   photo
 my smoked turkey leg. @ osceola county fair kvls 
 please dont read into all these retweets of burger photos and weed delivery services
 good and complex  although not quite as smokey as i thought it... graysons smoked porter  photo
 if u paying over 100 for something to smoke weed out of u dumb w 
 drinking a wolf among weeds double dry hopped wmosaic by @goldenroadbrew @ bar  
 drinking a smoked wheat on rye by @thesecondwedge at @busterrhinosbbq   photo
 drinking a smoked wheat on rye by @thesecondwedge at @busterrhinosbbq   photo
 nice beer with a sweet hoppiness...very easy to drink.  drinking a pure hoppiness @ sublime smoke   photo
 fab san fran destination for beer  bbq and cocktails. dogpatch @ smokestack at magnolia brewing 
 drinking a fat tire by @newbelgium @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 ab1002 new center for cannabis research. 
 check out our newest beer events  book today fat tues. dinner 228   smoker pairing 310amp1 
 so much our our hemphills rugs amp carpets sign larain 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ loopys lounge   photo
 drinking a voodoo ranger ipa by @newbelgium @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 drinking an el presidente smoked porter by @wreckingbar at @wreckingbar  
 just posted a photo @ smoke bbq taqueria 
 leave us a review on facebook  google  leafly  or weedmaps and receive 5 off your next purchase @sweetreliefscap
 2. redacted publication hype is all smoke and mirrors
 @tommychong ..hey mr.chong u met my good friend mr.ed at phytologie cannabis dis 021717..u rock 
 a tasty pale  perfect for the consumption of smoked meats. craftbeer @ sodosopa 
 drinking a space rock by @shortsbrewing @ sublime smoke   photo
 2nd episode of weeds and im already emotionaly invested.
 i did my good deed for the day i extinguished a small fire in the smokers station this evening. youre welcome vulcan village. 
 @kerved join us were dropping smokelees
 drinking a doom bloom by @barebottlebeer @ smoke eaters  
 it smells funny.  drinking a saison bernl by @barebottlebeer @ smoke eaters   
 i scheduled a weed delivery though an app today. 
 i scheduled a weed delivery through an app today. 
 larain ripped apart our sign at hemphills rugs amp carpets. debris all over east 17th street in costa mesa. 
 decent  could be smokier  drinking a mesquite smoked doppelbock by @atgbrewery at @atgbrewery    photo
 to unlimited devotion  drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ the slow rhode   
 @nickgroff  i love u but u have lost your mind holy smokes sleeping on attic beams u r brave paranormallockdown
 a smokey porter.  drinking a saranac smore porter by @saranacbrewery at @hampton    photo
 if i date u and u smoke cigarettes dont kiss me 
 all i see on sc is weed and lipstick
 u smoke that 
 im at @cherryvalley deli in west hempstead  ny 
 requirements u drink do u smoke do u like to dance if u got 
 if u smoke anything but natural tobacco ur only doing it to look cool...or ur trying to die
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 if u havent brushed ur teeth and smoked a blunt this morning u missing out on life
 finally my precious is here  drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ yellow cab shop    photo
 @daliving9 you have been selected for the kansas lottery fan of the game please meet us in the lobby of the weede at 115. bring a friend
 @jenmyersfox4 try pecan lodge  hutchins  cattleack  heim in ftw  meat u anywhere  lockhart smokehouse plano. let me know if u need more 
 dont hear about super fog all that often. basically  its a combination of smoke and fog that greatly reduces vi 
 super fog possible in parts of polk  co. flwx as fog forms and combines w smoke from a nearby wildfire. visibil 
 super fog possible in parts of polk  co. flwx as fog forms and combines w smoke from a nearby wildfire. visibil 
 drinking a cherry smoked porter by @yonkersbrewing at @yonkersbrewing  
 i smoke too much to not be in shape
 countdown @redbullairrace san diego come see @mikegoulian @matthallracing @md21racing amp @kirbychambliss  smoke o 
 my appetite is non existent when i dont smoke
 drinking a chain smoker smoked porter  barrel aged by @thetgbnews@cyclebrewing @ mana wynwood   photo
 tuiehlps ur nothin but my goiid dam marijuana high doiiwn ounce ass 100 200 tuiehlps gottieyhs
 how to protect yourself from buying bad marijuana | nbc 7 san diego  
 @modernmeat u fuckin smoke
 rode around n ur car  put my weed n ur blunt  i seen the world from ur eyes  u pulled a thorn from my side  i thought u loved me
 @coltshaw @lhfang in other areas like weed i guess rogan destroyed him but he still let waaay too many bullshitty things fly
 love this lager and that smokey campfire taste takes it to the next level... smoked lager  photo
 come drink delicious beer and eat delicious smoked food for ivy whiteriver events winning 
 awesome brewery @ wicked weed brewing 
 lanier game has been moved back to 3 due to rain  ryan weed is on the mound  come support the wolves 
 suns out brats out at gordys market on birch street in eauclaire smokehouse brats 23 from our deli 
 you smell weed it must be me  middle aged man to his wife at the mall.
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 @heiressbehavior just posted on the block smoked some dope
 @nbcpolitics berlin  germany. former amb. philip murphy weeding out hate for mlk  jr. with 100 germany students. 
 drinking a lava smoked imperial stout by lvisholt brugghs @ world of beer festival   photo
 growing weed in my garden though  
 drinking a blank slate series 35 smoke on the wheater by @monocacybrewing @ monocacy brewing  
 smells like weed hints of mango... tropical torpedo  photo
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ the beer fridge   photo
 drinking a nightcall smoked porter by @karben4 at @karben4  
 @cp300 @daoriginalcp3 why did you willing post that photo as ur avi   were we that smoked out
 drinking a chronic smoked amber ale by @pizzaportbeer at @beachwoodbbq  
 yum @ back forty smokehouse in north richland hills  tx 
 excellent.   perfectly on point and very tasty  drinking a wolf among weeds at @thecaskrepublic  
 drinking a smoked imperial pilsner by @stockyardsbeer at @stockyardsbeer  
 drinking a weedwacker by @saintarnold @ tucker creek   photo
 drinking a harpoon the craic irish red ipa by @harpoonbrewery @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 drinking a smoked porter 2015 by @alaskanbrewing @ a healing touch   photo
 just posted a photo @ wicked weed brewing 
 just posted a photo @ wicked weed brewing 
 not sure how i feel about this.  drinking a zero 2 sixty @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 drinking a smoked pecan porter by @lostsignalbrew @ lost signal  
 ur mcm smokes sherm
 strong juicy nose   lighter than expected but weighty taste  but pretty well... wolf among weeds 
 best bbq in nyc @ john brown smokehouse  @johnbrownsmoke in long island city  ny 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ beer club   photo
 hoppy smoke.  drinking an azacca ipa by @foundersbrewing @ the griffon gastropub    photo
 i need weed i want to die
 sending up smoke signals... instadog boomerang @ laurel canyon park 
 really good brew  drinking a big bad baptist by @epicbrewing @ smokehouse pub   
 nice smoked beer  drinking a surround by @stillwaterart @ lazy raccoon ranch   
 join us for brunch tomorrow at dina rata. try our eggs benedict served on country bread with smoked salmon and swis 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ springdale  pa  
 slopes and smoke the 21st century smoker greenmountaingrills is 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ bricks pub and grub  
 i just blasted the fuck out of smokey bones on their facebook page for shitty serviceamp suddenly im a middle aged mom of 3 w a honda odyssey
 never have i seen such horrible refs in my life than @ the hempstead v linn mar game. 2 mustangs down before half time w no calls @ighsau
 smells of weed. laterbrew  drinking a trois cabrones by @alvaradostbeer@amplifiedales at @liquidgoldsf   
 colorado high hemp vodka... justhadto @ kc liquor in san antonio  tx  
 weed u weed u weed u weed u
 i be influencing my friends to smoke omg 
 finally at @moatmountain smoke house amp brewing co. in north conway  nh 
 when u get to your smokespot and remember that u forgot water 
 delicious evening at @antlerkitchen  this is the smoke barrel laphroaig single malt scotch  
 beers  weeds and pringles 
 juicy indeed. what a delicious dipa.  drinking a juice above the clouds by @altamontbw @ smoke eaters   
  bottom of the barrel  @ smoke amp barrel 
 ohio soliciting bids for seed to sale marijuana tracking 10tv 
 never disappoints  drinking a scarcity iiipa by @altamontbw @ smoke eaters   
 yall non snorters  non smokers  non sippers get the fucc up out here bitch 
 really great  fruity and juicilicious.  drinking a juice above the clouds by @altamontbw @ smoke eaters   
 putting the iii in iiipa.  drinking a scarcity iiipa 2017 by @altamontbw @ smoke eaters    photo
 the joose is loose  drinking a silly gimmick by hop dogma brewing co. @ smoke eaters   
 i just learned that u cant hum when u have smoke in ur mouth
 just posted a video @ joes on weed st. 
 @kylebusch @nascar that boy is growing like a weed
 meh.  drinking a smoke on the porter by @mickeyfinns at @mickeyfinns   
 drinking a smoke amp dagger by @jacksabby @ swillburger the playhouse  
 drinking a daisy cutter pale ale by @halfacrebeer @ old crow smokehouse river north  
 smoke us some weed too.
 we dont like brown weed mac dre voice
 man weed is incredible
 i smoke too much to get finessed out of any purchase
 me  marco  and his fam just all played an intense uno game then smoked in the garage at 400 am
 the fuck can a bitch do with 10.25 plus your weed habit plus my weed habit and your weed habit
 non smokers are aggy.
 he has to have the highest grade of weed in the dispensary to decorate like this...im a fan of 
 who wants to smerk ill pick you up and smoke u out. strangers welcome
 @benjiaudi yo u trynna smoke a blunt w ur bitch or wut 
 have u chilled wit kendrick  do u smoke wit q and dr. dre
 actual cookies yall  not weed lmaoooo 
 beef brisket with chedder fondue from the smokehouse...so good @wdwtoday freshepcot 
 @sexualjumanji i smoked weed and played a non app based video game and cried because i was having fun
 may 21st will be my photo showcase at creative corner in hempstead ny @ creative corner 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmjsjshhs
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmhajhaha
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmauuhwhjwj
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirmabnanan
 best bbq in sa @esaulron @ 2m smokehouse amp catering 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ creve coeur lakehouse  
 u already kno  imma smoker hate being sober 
 im at benchtop brewing for a pour of their natural juicy dipa and a little redwood smoke 
 amp if it goes up in flames the smoke will spell my name
 my two favorite things drinking and eating  @ weed orchards amp winery 
 whos in atx and can sell my friend some weed pls dm me
 there is nothing like a stormy san diego sunset and slow smoked bbq dinner to wrap up the 
 @youshouldbewavy  proud of u for not smokeing and proud of u for u priceless sexy sweet savage
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ township of newbury  
 the episode of weeds with snoop dogg though aha
 end of prohibition.. invention of the internet and personal computing... the birth of iphoneappssmartphones.. and medical cannabis invest
 drinking a smoked pomegranate by @southcitycider @ oflahertys irish pub  
 u want zero smoke 
 i just want a brown skin i can smoke and actually enjoy being around whether its in silence other conversation 
 classic  clean flavor  no brine  no smoke. very nice. i can see why glenmorangie is so popular. 
 when im visiting the middle school coming back from college and i hear them talk about all the weed they smoke and 
 abby dad asked us are you hungry because you smiled the marijuana
 drinking a blaze smoked porter by @fuggleswarlock at @fuggleswarlock  
 got smoked out by my trumpista neighbors bonfire as we were trying to enjoy dinner on our deck in the backyard
 two personalities check the posture  smoke out the mouth clear out the nostrils
 drinking a panther by @rhinegeist @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 drinking a smoke on the porter thumbprint 2016 by @newglarusbeer at @bar42  
 food baby @ john brown smokehouse  @johnbrownsmoke in long island city  ny 
 im at @moatmountain smoke house amp brewing co. in north conway  nh 
 drinking a smoke smoked porter by @ofallonbrewery @ ofallon brewery   photo
 @krisztinuhh give me ur weed ill get rid of it for u
 cheers  drinking a hemp hop rye amber ale by @ofallonbrewery @ ofallon brewery   
 white collar weed on vice  black ppl u not even n da game of producing it amp u r already shut out of the biz getting arrested blacktwitter
 im at smokejumpers grill in anaheim  calif 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew at @thepubfountains  
 drinking a smoked pigasus by @4handsbrewery at @zumbiermon  
 delectable smoked beef at torontos @caplanskysdeli 
 not the weed but the actual cookies  
 delectable smoked beef at torontos @caplanskysdeli food foodporn toronto 
 did u peep joeymalice vs billyshakes on smokedoutbattles youtube page lemme give u a hint it 
 drinking a smoke amp dagger by @jacksabby at @hinterlandsbar  
 @amctalkingdead anyone else notice the tribute to smokey amp bandit..the truck trailer
 @papachano all u do is smoke 
 it has an excellent smokey bourbon flavor that melts in with the... bretts bourbon stout  photo
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
  if u think weed is bad u must be brainwashed
 whaiit nigga u hemp
 you can smoke in gas stations in kentucky
 can we just smoke instead of argue all the time.. i know u got a lot on your mind
 game over now im going to finally smoke and drink this beer that i got distracted from
 olympic bowl  u can put ur weed in there
 can i smoke to this song and die  @sandraclarissa
 smoke all ur cannabis u cannot handle it
 who elses break has been beers and weed so far 
 lots of flames and heavy smoke at cs carey garden center 65th amp kansas avenue  mulch burning @kckfirechief @fox4kc 
 and weed @ penn hills  pittsburgh  pennsylvania 
 free ebook on marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine 
 @fusion @kellierosewick free ebook on marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine 
 @malliardreport free ebook on marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine 
 @trutherbotgold free ebook on marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine 
 @politico free ebook on marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine 
 @politicsnewz hemp oil...free ebook on marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine 
 @trutherbotyelow free ebook on marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine 
 @americanindian8 @potus free ebook on marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine 
 functioning smoker. judgeyomother dc2bmoore dwtfywtd @ manor dc 
 sparging batch number 002 beer brewing @ smoke brewing company 
 tfw the hallway of ur apartment building smells like stale weed smoke amp it reminds u of being at ur sketchy uncles house when u were five.
  snoop for the weed. kevin just to keep me companyampmake me laugh. monique gone make me have claustrophobiaampwill s 
 tell your congressional representative join the cannabis caucus  takeaction helpusgrow norml
 drew swace gtgtgtgt smokepurrp
 @crlostorres come smoke with dre
 2 awesome cannabis community events our @highny event on wednesday  and open cannabis tmrw 
 if u smoke catnip u start to turn into a cat ....
 the scientific literature that is out there about cannabis does not follow the scientific doctrine of being unbiased bc it severely is.
 cant do stpetersburg without doing smoked mullet at tedpetersfamoussmokedfish @ ted peters 
 lana always makes me want to smoke a blunt on a bridge with my eyes closed in july with the whole senior citizen center
 do u ever smoke a blunt bc ur sad amp ruin ur high bc ur sad
 weed firm replanted. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 signed baseball by chasen bradford  seth lugo amp josh smoker pitchers mets @ west palm beach  
 @aishatyler ban booze on campus amp let them have marijuana... 
 my uncle in san antonio wanted to video chat so he could ask if his weed looked good  
 really intense flavor. roasty  bitter  spicy  piney  smokey and leathery wi... black belt  photo
 drinking a smoke house porter by @moatmountain @ cannon mountain ski lodge   photo
 drinking a pernicious weed by @garageproject at @tenayacreek  
 @badfellowsnh yeah this complex is full of middle aged people who smoke pot and post college kids who smoke pot
 perfect light orange honeysuckle dream...  bu... wicked weed brettanomyces farmhouse ale  photo
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ heinens grocery store  
 fun fact snoop dogg smoked his first blunt after 2pac rolled and smoked it with me. realrecognizereal
 hey buffalo peeps  smoked cheddar cheese at guercios. youre welcome. deli guercios momandpop
 cici why dont u smoke  because my bestie does enough for both of us 
 i gots to be careful when i move back to cobb county. the marijuana laws aint the same. 
 even though @thisweekhadme is ending soon i will neverforget how i learned of ruthie madoff and her weedfunyuns habit
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue
 @liindsaystassus ok if u smoke before me.... u owe me a real laser that burns thru things amp if i smoke before you.... ill bake u a cake
 wmy colleague @aljacquet learning more about the science of growing  processing cannabis for medical use in flori 
 wow  this has held up amazingly.....  drinking a smoked porter 2008 by @alaskanbrewing at @thelobbydenver   
 thanks again bill  drinking a high road by @tiredhandsbeer @ garage brewerytaproom  smokehouse   
 drinking a barrel smoker by @jjbrewco @ crazy harrys bar  
 drinking a blaze smoked porter by @fuggleswarlock at @fuggleswarlock  
 apt neighbor on the phone i cave drown....when u pee n her while ya n her hahahey some of us dont want to smell ur weed  2055  oh.
 nancy  you dont smoke 
 i know a weed dealer that sells weed at the gas station that the police hang out at
 i should go smoke a fatty
 what u doin after u smoke this 
 the only thing i wanna do right now is smoke weed and explore san antonio
 why is my weed crackling
 when u smoke four bowls of fire kush to da grill and have too much fun wthe waterpool snapchat filter amp ur itunes 
 when u smoke four bowls of fire kush to da grill and have too much fun wthe waterpool snapchat filter amp ur itunes 
 @born2chop but once i get rolling again  that becomes my bad habit and i can then just drop the beer and smokes.
 i laugh with her  smoke gas with her 
 floppy disk full of weed 
 the worst is when u smoke to get out of ur feelings but then it ends up doing the complete opposite. 
 @vnichoias @omonstrous wait smoked won i thought u let more retards win
 oh u came to hang smoked weed with me and i feel asleep on u  welcome to the club
 ll will get one 6a team into states tonight winner of @hhshoops @streakshoops  @ hempfield 7 tip. @hempstudsec2017 will be there.
 smells like someone smoked a joint on this    at @septa trevose station in trevose  pa 
 today @senatortomdavis  @marijuanapolicys becky dansky among speakers scheduled at medical marijuana forum in col 
 srq  whats the deal with all the smoke reminds me of iraq... iftheressmoketheresfire srq
 the dust had settled  the smoke had cleared  and after the mangled bodies of these two brave 
 and if i go down in flames  the smoke gonna spell my name  @louisthechild  fire airandstyle 
 where theres smoke theres fire. @vailresorts purchases @stowemtresort for 50m.    
 where theres smoke theres fire. @vailresorts purchases @stowemtresort for 50m.    
 @bruvs free ebook today on masculine  femminine and cannabis 
 if ur a straight 10 but u smoke cigarettes  ur automatically like a 6
 lets hope they do. we need to weed out the globalist antiamerican politicians once and for all draintheswamp 
 i hope ohio legalizes marijuana soon
 if u smoke grape swishers u nasty af
 time well spent at 2m smokehouse amp catering 
 ajr7 new an advisory referendum on legalization of medical marijuana. 
 question for smokers .  exactly how do you justify throwing garbage on the ground after u smoke outsidedo you thro 
 i just wanna have a 5 course weed infused dinner. is that really so much to ask bongappetit
 drinking a blaze smoked porter by @fuggleswarlock at @fuggleswarlock  
 they got a marijuana college... let me do my fasfa 
 @jeffery1970 @ocherokee @suzeeq @kydems @georgesoros now i am a hemp fan.
 whos at moorpark college and wants to smoke 
 tracks 18 and 19 kind of smokey near middle of tracks in penn station... @lirr
 san antonioarea doctor plans to open medical marijuana dispensary ksatnews 
 drinking a long trail ale by @longtrailbeer @ 302 west smokehouse amp tavern  
 just posted a photo @ roots smoke amp vapor shop 
 @clarkonmygokart @stoolpresidente @drhiphops i hope tex smokes this dude  id flip my fucking lid
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on beltsystemcrossislandparkway sb at hempstead avenue 
 cleared incident on beltsystemcrossislandparkway sb at hempstead avenue
 doctor do you smoke  me why tryna match xd
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station
 stfu if u want to smoke cigarrettes good for u everyone knows theyre bad for u shut the fuck up pls 
 is it bad to smoke and read it your bible guilty
 u are where u are right  now to weed out the bad @hohmacon pasrwsharpejr @edeweysmith 
 @stephscott  miss u and ur eyebrows lets smoke soon
 apparently pink volcanic smoke is the alternative personality among other volcano smokes 
 @phoxhealth i mean a cannabis pharmacy.  but thanks for reaching out.
 grillin @amanashops smoked pork chops enjoying @millstreambrew o... blitzen baltic porter  photo
 super smoothfull of favoritegreat to smoke a cigar with  drinking a samaels oakaged ale @ home  
 drinking a cold smoke by kettlehouse brewing company @ helena  mt  
 flavortown  drinking a shotgun wedding by @countryboybrew @ guy fieris smokehouse    photo
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 rd 4 topbrewstues omg...shhhh theres a wolf among weeds.  its 8.5 abv might get me. oops  too late 
 sabino is growing like weed and thicking...adams is a grown woman and. i believe pissott will be 6ft plus by the summer as a 7th grader
 thin  a little smoke  drinking a rcw 70.160 by @3magbrewing @ grocery outlet    photo
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew at @bourbonsteakpub   photo
 just posted a photo @ smoke tree ranch 
 @animalbabypix smoke  hunter  chunk  fluffy  tazer  peacekeeper  thugnificent the third.
 ridin w benita smokin reefer 
 @mark22photos adds game shots hemptwp  @hhshoops @streakshoops @hempstudsec2017
 may as well smoke cigs  global warming gonna kill me first
 back at hq @ gutmanns north in north hempstead  ny 
 i want to smoke a fatty.
 richardson father risks freedom to promote cannabis treatments for his daughter 
 fav this if u smoke weed 420 blaze it
 @bfunkb1 screw u bryan.i always try to go see u but u guys wanna be dicks n would rather smoke than be with ur family so fuck you dude
 just smoked 2 blunts now im eating a sammich watching legend of korra . this is the life
 im a firm believer that you are what you smoke.
 should colleges be rethinking punishment for cannabis 
 im looking at marijuana stocks  particular owcp  an israeli mmj research pharmaceutical company. first 20 min shows 3mil in vol.
 coming soon please ask us about medical marijuana as a treatment option for chronic pain   
 st. johns county places a temporary ban on medical marijuana sales. read more on actionnewsjax gt 
 will smoke out for pizza
 if they had a cure for cancer..@420cannaisseur ...would they tell us based on what u know about politics of cannabis..would they tell us
 a fan of messy smokey eyes over herevideo with full details posted up on youtubesong 
 whencaliforniasecedes  well have better weed than the us.
 @bunkkevin smoke some smokey da bear
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 the birds are chirping  marijuana is growing... its a beautiful day wise words from @savannahmccool
 @glowupdoll @mikaylax i smoked with u u cant hang for the war its fine  this life not for u
 @alexistexas id smoke with u anytime
 bales of marijuana. barrels of heroin. boxcars of cocaine. frigging tons of stupid.
 .@cafebouludny treated us with an outstanding double smoked salmon plate symrisetrek @symrisena @starchefs 
 also said smoke so much that smokey the bear   have to bear with us. 
 drinking a nightcall smoked porter by @karben4 at @wobappleton  
 my little angel baby who is growing like a weed  i might add just graduated after eleven 
 im at smokey pig barbecue in columbus  ga 
 scientists have yet to confirm if the planets have weed and pizza proven its habitable 
 im at bears smokehouse barbecue in windsor  ct 
 holy smokes these people are not fooling around  drinking a golden hefeweizen at @ptsentgrp   photo
 u smoke  
 come taste hemplify today at sprouts eastlake san diego ..shelves are restocked hempextract 
 one bale of weed
 @eazemd eaze medical marijuana delivery driver promo coupon codes and card evaluation code  
 the original nuclear weapon and weed intersection. 
 drinking a hazelnut harvest by @rusticbrewing @ roundabout pub amp grill and smokehouse  
 strong ale with a pronounced smokey coffee flavor.  drinking a beer for breakfast at @fieldhousephl   photo
 drinking a mistress jades hemp ale by sherwood brewing company at @bridgestreetcvx  
 @ilovebernie1 free ebook marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine explores the history and psychology 
 @jilevin free ebook marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine explores the history and psychology 
 free ebook marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine explores the history and psychology  hemp cannabis
 @ericbolling @towncartaxi @morningjoe free ebook marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine  hemp
 @buzzmybook @janbidwell free ebook marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine  hemp
 @pottymouthbaker @youtube free ebook marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine   hemp
 @cnnpolitics free ebook marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine  hemp
 @doomsdayscw free ebook marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine  hemp
 @prepperradio @samiam01x free ebook marijuana and the prohibition of the divine feminine  hemp
 clarke pilots are a dirty word to the village of hempstead.
 agrarian hop farm ales  blazing wildfire smoked chipotle porter aged in bourbon barrels 
 @thedrphilshow .. ana weed rip .  soar on your wings.  i am so sorry this happened.  prayers for your family amp friends
 also what ever happened to smoke coming out of the sabres logos when they score
 deadstock tubular xs hemp size 10.5 for sale hmu 
 eating a weed chocolate bar and shredding the skatepark
 drink a cigee smoke a coffe nd i be aite
 holy smokes modpizza is so delicious. firsttime @ mod pizza 
 im tryna smoke what u smoking on 
 a bale of marijuana is harder to hide than a suitcase nuke 
 yes we smoked a blunt with her shared food and watching john wick 2 with her. its time to go. 
 someone come smoke with me and watch me play video games.   really just need a bowl packer
 @esparza927 @tacopresident @mirandollabillz can u smoke me out
 im at smokeeaters in san jose  ca 
 san antonio medical refugees relocate for legalized marijuana to aid son ksatnews 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 if u have weed for sale dm me
 pv and hempstead smh 
 u hardly smoke but u wanna smoke my drugs
 @xeni you might start spouting paranoid  whack nonsense if you smoked that. kinda like...congressman franks... 
 to weed out your problems  facebooksupport  call us 18662248319 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 u got to love california when it puts cannabis in chocolates  california cannabis entrepreneurlife socal 
  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 this shit is mental   wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 pineapple fucking express.   wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 golden road wolf among weeds double ipa now available in cans.  @goldenroadbrew craftbeerupdate beermenus
 got green wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.   why. wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 tellasadstoryinthreewords lost my weed.. @mooshushu  @hippieoflove
 friendly travel advisory smokey bear is hungry amp on the prowl bt omaha amp lincoln on i80. watch yo ass...
 the weed episode of sitcoms are the best episodes
 all destroyed  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 john and aaron will be at paveminttaphouse amp smoke house tonight for a taproom takeover with 
 february smokin deal item from lil brown smoke shack purchase a white rhino bp kit  and receive a free bottle of 
  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 if u find a weed stem on u its good luck
 february smokin deal item from lil brown smoke shack purchase a white rhino bp kit  and receive a free bottle of 
 you been smoking that korean weed 
 who wants to go to ann arbor and smoke
 hey smoke @tonystewart really enjoyed the hof accolades let me know if we can send you some @drinkhoist to hydrate 
 legalizemarijuananow wastedweed   wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
  u cant smoke when u tsomin  
 @brandondaig @jessicamhall57 michigan has a lot of quality ganja  enjoy
 check out smoke em outdoors episode 2 on youtube  
 so apparently coxs smokers outlet is a chain.  is the founder a kevin smith fan  imagine if they opened a carpet store.
 4twenty medical marijuana delivery service hit me
 come join us for a smoke on the patio @ park lane tobacconist 
 in the neverending hunt for a playbook of all smokes on csgo maps  this guys playlist has proven quite useful 
 when u smoke with me  
 @jakearmstrong @kevinlutus1 @caseymichulkaaa my weed habits have nothin to do with u little boy lol ur not funny try again
 drinking a smokey the mountain bear by @thirstybearbrew at @scmbrewing  
 wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 comparing the opiate epidemic to recreational marijuana is so dumb its as if spicer is trolling us
 not bad. smells like weed.  drinking a hipster apocalypse by @masonsbrewingco @ the fix    photo
 anyone of you fucks on twitter in san diego and want to smoke some dojarope hit me 
 trump admin catering to forprofit prisons so marijuana crackdown to fill those cells minorities will be targeted 
 @potus hey u dumbass orange dickhead  njoy ur time now.we the people will find out about ur ties to russia.where theres smoke theres fire.
 i havent posted in a while because i have been busy weeding and sorting through the unnecessary 
 @megstar73 @icecolddavis @pillboxz is the answer weed for me the answer is 212 glasses of sparkling wine.
 wow  drinking a pernicious weed by @garageproject at @tenayacreek   
 well if cannabis med gets reoutlawed i can always go back 2 music industry. thats doing so well mmj boston 
 theyre planning on enforcing their national ban on marijuana... 
 medical marijuana is now coming to florida get ahead of the game and become legal today medicalmarijuana 
 my bio teacher looks like nancy botwin from weeds
 super good  a little smoke... barrelaged ten fidy imperial stout aged in bourbon barrels  photo
 trying to enjoy this chocolate while sweaty dude is talking loudly on his phone about ordering weed amp drinking weir 
 using fakedata no less. sean spicer wrongly links recreational marijuana with opioid crisis via @forbes 
 yes brenda  pls continue telling me about the dangers of marijuana  while sipping ur poison cocktail n ur inhaling carbon monoxide stick.
 drinking a smouldering smoked porter by @moodyales @ strawberry vale   photo
 @shineonmymother what the crap were getting closer to regulating the sale here in canada.  we have lots of medicinal marijuana shops.
 really strange to watch someone scrounge for that last  to purchase donuts amp smokes at the gas station. makebetterchoices quitsmoking
 warner robins faces winner of bufordnew hempstead 
 drinking a battle axe ipa by @kelsenbrewing @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 coco bomb  drinking a bennington by @nightshiftbeer @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse    photo
 @arrrmandito so difficult to do when you love weed so much
 kicking off the next phases of this cut right with @tacticalories adirondack smoke dry brined 
 featured fin  the debut solo work from syd @internetsyd of @intanetz brings an incredible collection of smokey  
  wiltshire police uncover 1m cannabis factory in nuclear bunker  
 declaring war on us state legislation regarding weed. corner stone of civil war. forrest gump said stupid is as stu 
 and i havent purchased any weed lmaoooo
 sour taste to start with a finish of smoke.  drinking a dortmunder adambier @ casa de hammer   photo
 deer tartare 30day dry aged venison roadkill  weed infused cocktails courtesy of ecosystem designers @spurse01 
 who tryna smoke a fatty 
 you will die if you smoke that shit   promise you will die 
 when ur mom thinks u smoked in ur room but really u just got two roaches sitting on ur nightstand..
 stone tasting in the house  drinking a smoked porter w vanilla bean by @stonebrewingco @ the garden    photo
 i just about smoked a bobcat on a gator 
 @internetsyd smoke with us after the show n.e.r.d hat and black lipstick
 good weed and great beer 
 have u err been shot b4 id rather smoke a cig then get hot and die hahahaha kennewick idk bout u
 so weed 4 keepin me on this meaningless rock to suffer until i cease to exist amp be forgotten 4 the rest of eternity
 so weed for keeping me on this meaningless rock to suffer until i cease to exist amp be forgotten 4 the rest of eternity
 the alchemist @dosasf lovely combination of smoke  rye and amaro. sfeats cocktail 
 im a just enjoy this flight and hope the smoke clears after i land 
 somebody pls bring me weed. omfg
 sooo...i should smoke here 
 u down to smoke sum @michmart23 
 @nickyjean holy smokes my daughter is gorgeous
 @angelarye 22 if guests smoke discreetly in otherwise des. areas  security are advised to adhere to dont engage policies 4 obvious reason
 when ppl constantly post about how much weed u smoke  daily..  1 we get it  u smoke   2 great example im sure younger folks look up to u.
 @gop your views on legal weed trouble me.. u know prohibition dosent work in america..you want the criminals to have the .. go back to 1950
 @kbtxmax pretty decent fog between fm2 and hempstead. clears out once you hit 290. txwx
 massive cannabis farm discovered in nuclear bunker six people have been arrested after police discovered an 
 the smoke docs somethin for ya to smoke n vibe to.. check it out @briccsmarley luccivert 
 @aaronsxl there is virtually no documented  respected scientific connection between cannabis use and opiate addiction. its dare bullshit.
 our cannabis lab los angeles chapter will be presenting at the mjic conference in san diego. to meet us and find ou 
 bitcoin in 2017  used by us military used by us casinos used by us cannabis industry used by us banking sector used by us federal government
 @realdonaldtrumpsays marijuana is bad umkay. so prison  lives destroyed for a harmless plant amp thousands dead from opiates shitgibbon
 if u smoke u die  if u drink u die  if u eat u die  if u love u die  no matter what u die  so do whateva u want homie cuz u gon die anyways.
 i cant breathe  pls just smoke my mental
 jared cox moving on to tomorrow in 200 free.  smoke em saturday cadet cox  @ohhsswimming @oakhillssports
 shame @sonnyborrelli   u dont deserve fischers grief over sb1337  the hemp bill   but this how unamerican. tho 
 todays downtown daily deal 9. 2 cbc  inverness beer braised beef sliders. smoked provolone. 
 if you smoke non menthol cigs then why do u even smoke 
 @roundtablerye indeed look forward to having out when we open smoke brewing co.
 my photos of hempfield basketball from the manheim central game in latest merchandiser. @hhshoops @hempstudsec2017 
 @schwiftyash ur such a pot head weed is bad for u jesus doesnt love u
 economic and social equality cannabis education forum @ capitol event center  
 yeah...killing jobs too. marijuana is the fastest growing profitable ag sector business in the us.....fck the lyin 
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 staying at a cool retro bnb for our weed wedding getaway  check out the cool bowie tribute @ 
 @presssec do not campare recreational marijuana and opiates
 cant fix the 20 potholes back to back coming off the highway exit but can hang a banner promoting the smoke shop on main road tiverton
 ohio state board of pharmacy rolls out purchasing rules for 90day supplies of medical marijuana 
 drinking a ninja by @ashevillebrewin @ 12 bones smokehouse  
 for ma amp pa @ the @homedepot in hempstead  ny  
 if u say weed is trash ur life is trash.
 he smokes weed hes not good for u and bitch u smoke crack what da fuq goin on here u is not onto sumn
 @pvrisbine wheres the weed this here is a bush with cobb webs
 much better than anticipated  drinking a smoke jumper smoked porter @ never summer brewing co  
 some smoke pickups today. @ clearwater beachgulf 
 some smoke pickups today. @ clearwater beachgulf 
 @joceytrinh  u when i say lets smoke more 
 this country is being torn apart by weed heads they are stabbing and stealing and tearing this country apart
 nana picks me up  i bought u maaab red thats what u smoke right oh and heres 40  omfg thanks nana
 maam theres a weed in ur nostril 
 dope  drinking a ghost pig blonde ale by smoke signals at @smokesignalsq   
 just posted a photo @ froberg vegetable amp fruit farm  greaks smokehouse 
 thanks to tina yen @dartmouth 91 @harvardmed 95 for guiding smokey to best docs in milwaukee  @dartmouthalumni
 just posted a photo @ froberg vegetable amp fruit farm  greaks smokehouse 
 firstworldproblem 6 weed delivery services for home but 0 pizza or chinese delivery options. ah.... napavalley
 applewood smoked ribs and tips  bbqdetroit truecooks yougottaeatthis cleaneating eatfamous 
 not the biggesy of blaze fans  but this albums smokes virtual 11 up the irons  
 a tad heavy on the smoke flavor. otherwise a decent brew.... alfred thomas rauchbock  photo
 drinking a north island ipa by @coronadobrewing @ sublime smoke   photo
 @alwayssunny @kaitlinolson booze  smokes  king cake...the mardigras trifecta sunnyfxx laissezbontempsrouler 
 about to blast off into outerdimensional space put on headsphones and smoke weed
 @therealmik watch 25 episodes of naruto. make sure to smoke up beforehand. youll fall in love.
 drinking a panthers hollow barrel aged by @millersburgbrew @ sublime smoke  
 drinking a smoked wheat on rye by @thesecondwedge at @brewwizardscafe   photo
 drinking a smoked wheat on rye by @thesecondwedge at @brewwizardscafe   photo
 heres a thoughtjust ban smoking health canada we know it kills. it is not fair their decision to smoke pollutes 
 drinking a la brea brown by @fossilcovebrew @ smoke and barrel tavern  
 drinking an 120 minute ipa by @dogfishbeer @ sublime smoke  
 g nikes   geedie weedies  
 police said there were 80 pounds of marijuana growing inside a garage 
 there is no correlation between marijuana and opiates... 
 drinking a space dust ipa by @elysianbrewing @ sublime smoke  
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ paddys irish pub  
 @collegebbncaa holy smoke incredible
 guy holds door open for me  security is following him.  we both ask for same game  security stalks him. hes black. we shared a smoke after
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing at @beerauthny   photo
 shout out to whoever is smoking weed in the bathroom at penn station
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew at @grandcentralmkt  
 san antonioarea doctor plans to open medical marijuana dispensary ksatnews 
 drinking a raspberry white by @stbcbeer @ sublime smoke   photo
 fab acorn squash right out of the smoker at harryandidas @ harry amp idas meat and supply co. 
 who in san antonio can help me get my grandma some weed
 waxtrax radio 60s 70s amp beyond  kicking in a massive progressive weekend playlist enjoy  smoke em if ya got em
 bruhhhhh where is my weed delivery
 geedy weedies.
 all me amp ebonie do is smoke amp laugh out ass off 
 if u smoke blacks look at some rq
 @485fredro u kno after that i smoke a fat azz wood of reggie
 i need a smoke amp a beer
 more dutchgrown marijuana to be exported to germany  netherlands is on the verge of improving its marijuana culti 
 @jonx10 u smoke
 pretty good  drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ the morrie   
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfir
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 the weeds won this round but the weedwacker prevailed in the end. backyard yardwork pnw @ 
 excellent example of a german rauch bier  drinking a rauch street smoked lager @ race street brew works  
 is there like a rule that says everytime you smoke weedcigarettes or hookah that you have to video yourself
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ old stein inn   photo
 theres weed in canada 
 @smooove rap battle joe cox he said he could smoke you 
 boutta smoke just so i can watch h this and laugh harder 
 olivia just called medical marijuana medicated weed im done
 if you want an exclusive hampm hemp amp mudd tshirt dm elfreshly or myself  @ cleveland  ohio 
 drinking a dry lock ipa by @starcitybrewco @ smoke eaters  
 @heathermatarazz have you heard spicer and friends are bringing the hammer down on states that have recreational weed
 boutta smoke amp order me a pizza 
 moving out west the suburbs are trapping me i smoke a lot of pot i have a patagonia fleece i own an eno  
 everyone should have access to quality weed 
 i just had a rowlett cop give my weed back to me... is the world ending soon
 @kjalvarado124 fuking fag have literally absconded with the u..@. contitution amp government marijuana trade amp perpetuate murder in@nity
 what 5 popular drugs including weed and booze do to your body and brain  
 had good laughs w john amp amber last night during our smoke sesh amp remembered how much i miss all of us hanging on a faily basis 
 had good laughs w john amp amber last night during our smoke sesh amp remembered how much i miss all of us hanging on a daily basis 
 you know  they say that medical marijuana is great for a variety of eye maladies. poodles wvpol 
 omg yes i just remembered i sold weed to the pizza guy and got my pizza for free. i got paid to have pizza made for me wow life
 tatie bynie in town foe @steezybabyyy illegalrb sushisue leve pye nou nyc @ west hempstead 
 im at cherrywood shopping center in hempstead  ny 
 @enewill @mushwear @nemesis3373 @maddogradio @dangraca 2 hot guys talking hockey i dont smoke but for some reason im craving a cigarette.
 war on weedwtf 
 im at against the grain brewery amp smokehouse  @atgbrewery in louisville  ky 
 provided beef for acf colorado chefs association presidents awards dinner this week. great job rolling smoke bbq
 politico dec 6th. jeff sessions coming war on legal marijuana  politico magazine 
 whoa. house smoked pastrami on rye @bostahouston . @ bosta kitchen 
 if u havent smoked a backwood u aint flexin  
 drinking a lil smokey by @funkbrewing at @funkbrewing  
 @fuckweronika @sanchez7 @pattynicos i dont smoke
 @cbs5az so glad @fox10phoenix had an update on the smoke seen on west side. you guys have a story about ponies
  @ wicked weed brewing 
 very smooth for a dipa  drinking a smoke filled room @ prestige worldwide global headquarters   photo
 drinking a did we just become best friends by @hoofheartedbrew @ garage brewerytaproom  smokehouse  
 drinking a smoked lavender stout by @scratchbeer @ scratch brewing company  
 drinking a rumbarrel smoked rauchbier by @scratchbeer @ scratch brewing company  
 holy smokes @ncboomstick23 with the 3 run blast. here we go marinersst
 holy smokes @ncboomstick23 with the 3 run blast. here we go @mariners marinersst
 i actually like this. a lot.  drinking a hey smokey @ black flag brewing company  
 drinking a smoke amp dagger by @jacksabby at @portsbrew  
 new puffco plus and puffco pro both on sale at cirrus smoke shop. stop by for a demonstration. 
 @chameleoncoffee we are having a cold brew tasting and just tried your espresso coffee. delicious are the beans smoked
 drinking a smoke on the porter by @banditbrewery at @banditbrewery  
 dnc pops brown smoke 
 just posted a photo @ north hempstead 
 pussygrabberinchief wants to shut down cannabis industry hypocrisy rules.
 got plans after the game   come see us @etherealbrewing and have the bratfather  two of our beer simmered smoke 
 ard its thunderstorm need to smoke a fatty
 drinking a fresh squeezed ipa by @deschutesbeer @ rdq smokehouse  
 hot damn papaya  thats tasty.  drinking a smoke filled room by @hopbutcher @ the hop review hq    photo
 i never thought id be helping u pack ur weed marg
 drinking a smoked colonial brown by @flounderbrewing at @chimneyrockinn   photo
 @fortpointbeers manzanita a smoked altbier brewed with charred manzanita. its a smoky desert 
 drinking a confidentiality amp disclosure by @3floyds@fatheadsbeer @ rollin smoke  
 drinking a sunwalker smoked pilsner by @icarusbrewing @ icarus  
 just posted a photo @ smoke on the water 
 u say u smoke loud but u off the dogo
 my little brother just played me smoke weed every day by snoop dogg on the piano lmaoooo
 my little brother just learned smoke weed everyday on the piano lmaoooo
 work dinner and drinks @ smoke amp barrel 
 the sun is out unbelievable smokey beers are truly a favorite.... rauchbier  photo
 always great  dan a.  drinking a two akers ipa by independent brewing company @ smoke shop    photo
 drinking a smoke amp dagger by @jacksabby @ the station taphouse  
 could @potusadmin pull out the constitution darling of @thedemocrats wrt marijuana laws the oft misused commerce clause hear the squeals
 phase iv smoked cheddar
 phase iv smoked cheddar 
 super smokey  drinking a morro castle by @forgottenboards at @crossroadsnj    photo
 time well spent at 2m smokehouse amp catering 
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew at @maarspizza  
 @wickedweedbeer lunatic  blonde belgian ale beer from wicked weed brewing asheville katy amp brian loved it 
 brewing it up @ the witches brew in west hempstead  ny 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station 
 heres how much pot you can buy under ohios proposed medical marijuana rules 
 stage is set here we go @jdshelburne at smoke amp rye at @horseshoecasino         13
 drinking a smoke screen by @bpbrewing at @bpbrewing  
 hoppy crap this is tasty chocolatey  smokey but not much  warming  thick... blank face  photo
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from atlantic terminal to hempstead station
 .@jdshelburne rocking it out at smoke amp rye at @horseshoecasino     13 
 check out our rocky ridge collection in 7 12 wide plank  smoke french oak  check us out at 
 @laycapone she smoked the actual mild  not no fts. that is not cute of her 
 drinking a farmer johns multigrain ale by @confluencebrew @ jethros n jakes smokehouse steaks  
 yum @ north and south seafood amp smokehouse  @eatnorthsouthwi in madison  wi 
 rip @evholmes .. your avi will be missed as will you be .. smoke show  
 watches videos about weed infused wine and beer  doesnt contain any thc or cbd 
 lil disappointed with the ending of get out. home boy was suppose to smoke a cigarette smh. perfect ending but no. @jordanpeele
 vince played smoke and retribution i cri
 if u love rosin  u need to try @rezheads215 bananaog gelato animal41 flowerrosin grow by @connected cannabis 
 this month @emilymandels station 11 and triple smoke single barrel from @corsairartisan 
 lmaoooo how did they get weed there
 karaoke song roll me up and smoke me when i die  willie nelson  jamey johnson  kris kristofferson amp snoop dogg @karaokesandman
 pizza  weed and hennessy
 i rarely smoke chelsea.1315 @ mission district  san francisco 
 @immadivaduh u smoke 
 veal parmesan with prosciutto tjssmokeshack wedomorethansmoke. cleveland @ tjs smoke shack 
 we played classical music for our puppy and now he smokes a pipe and only drinks expensive scotch.
 just is difficult to weed out. takes practice not to type or use in spoken words  but easier than editing with find  @annieacorn
 you can die in a car accident but you can not die from consuming cannabis. ponder that @ibake @emeraldzoo @dankcreative @moms4marijuana
 drinking a smoke on the porter by @banditbrewery at @bluemtnresort  
 @davidaxelrod @potus until base gets its all smokemirrors reality tvthat us at full employmnt.400k job openingstrumpistas too dumb4sad
 hey they even try sedate u with valiuminated weed slow u down in a diff way i smell chema to ur candy watch what u feed k
 too smokey for the style imo. 2nd from left.  drinking a hey smokey @ black flag brewing company   photo
 hmu if u need weedhash
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew at @taproomon19th  
 its been a while since ive been here  @ the witches brew in west hempstead  ny  
 if u dont smoke we kant hang out 
 someone in san marcos or san antonio sell me some weed  also if u tryna hang today hmu 
 not bad. not like most of the modern day hop bomb dipa.... wolf among weeds  photo
 @cnnbrk san franciscotel aviv flight diverted after smell of smoke in cockpit haaretz
 when ur 50 yr old aunt asks u to go out for a smoke and passes u the gpen
 enjoying the afternoon with an awesome smoke. @ clearwater  florida 
 enjoying the afternoon with an awesome smoke. @ clearwater  florida 
 drinking a smoked gose by @deschutesbeer at @deschutespdxpub   photo
 not my favorite variety. smells like a campfire.  drinking a smoked saison at @bantamcider   photo
 drinking a morph 021017 by @nightshiftbeer @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew @ creve coeur lakehouse  
 rye barrel aged  lots of rye smoke  pretty smooth  nice rye ... russian imperial stout  photo
 if we together amp i piss u off go smoke a blunt or go hang wit ur homies cuz u not ruinin for me   bitch 
 drinking an a year with dr. nandu by @aeronautbrewing @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 sasquatch brewing  woodboy ipa craftbeer beer pdxbeer beerpicture @ smokehouse tavern 
 drinking a doom bloom by @barebottlebeer @ smoke eaters   photo
 drinking a high road by @tiredhandsbeer @ garage brewerytaproom  smokehouse   photo
 update incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue 
 update incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue 
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue
 im at st. ladislaus r.c. church in hempstead  ny 
 congrats to 14 aka smoke and carl haas  daytona500
 @beccawilsun also im lost is it cool now to work @ tbell until ur 38  sell weed and talk about trapping saying ur gonna come up
 fuck weed cravings
 bobo from finding bigfoot smokes too much weed
 demos. @ west hempstead  new york 
 great smoke  how come i havent had one before. @ clearwater  florida 
 great smoke  how come i havent had one before. @ clearwater  florida 
 drinking a smoke on the lager by chilly water brewing company at @chillywaterbrew  
 crisp and delicate  yet flavorful.  drinking an all hops on deck by @moonrakerbeer @ smoke eaters    photo
 great dipa.  drinking an all hops on deck by @moonrakerbeer @ smoke eaters    photo
 drinking a half hitch by @cruxbrew @ smoke eaters  
 congratulations dave et al @ smokestack at magnolia brewing 
 when you drop all the weed on the carpet smh msloyal420 @ arlington heights  milwaukee 
 @realglenmacnow  just sent a pm on facebook.heard someone got some smokers stolen. pennsylvania online yard sale.a laura ann posted them.
 with a ribbon of smoke
 just posted a photo @ hempfield township  westmoreland county  pennsylvania 
 gorgeous smokey notes layered with chocolate and coffee. exactly ... riprap baltic porter  photo
   i had the biggest crush on u for the first couple years ik u... why should smoke . ur restaurant is bomb  i only c u at parties tho 
 just posted a photo @ smoke restaurant plano 
 oscars did smokey and the bandit win no so your are not valid
 @adoreversace i will smoke u out for a trip to get some food. preferably in and out
 i need a smoke and a beer
 whos eating cape cod smoked gouda chips with burgenland not me. not me at all.
 diego u need to get stoned me i need to stop being a pan diego pan  ganja
 @verymuchabear top 5 bears id bear to bare  1 we bare bear bears 2 baloo jungle book 3 smokey 4 a literal bear 5 roger bear city
 when u wanna slip in the so do u smoke question to him wo sounding like a stoner  so like  whats your favorite day in april
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 aged 1 yr. molasses  dark fruit  brown sugar  hint of smoke i... commander imperial stout 2016 
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue
 cleared incident on southernstateparkway wb from exit 18  eagle avenue to exit 17n  hempstead avenue
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 you have a latte time to join us millers smokehouse for coffee with a cop 
 @ardentcannabis welcome ardent cannabis 2 the house amp thks 4 following...learn hoe to toast ur cannabis right...check them...yeah baby 
 update i smell weed 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 @intlhighlife hey got a bit of a stigma  hi im high lol love ur character mmmmmmy fuckin weed
 this kid in my study group just pulled out a bag of weed in the middle of the learning center 
 wtf can i do with 10.25 plus yo weed habit and my weed habit and yo weed habit
 the smoke house and the pest house rural ohio holmescounty  photo photos pic pics 
 drinking a jai alai ipa by @cigarcitybeer @ julies needful things smoke shop   photo
 drinking a smoked saison by @bantamcider @ swampscott beach   photo
 smoke update the @forestservice is doing a massive controlled burn in marshall and benton counties. winds are blowing the smoke south.
 soundcheck timreynoldstr3 florida @ skippers smokehouse 
 @juliexxxkay smoke luv  fukk them
 if you get caught with weed in ann arbor you only have to pay a 25 fine and thats it omg
 u know when u smoke n then it hits like in the middle of class n ur like woah
 hey @oneofonebbreaks  check this smoke shop out 
 if tim williams had sat out games for smoking marijuana  alabamas dl would have had a paltry nine sacks instead of ten. wgaf.
 back to hq @ gutmanns north in north hempstead  ny 
 im the friend who makes u smoke blunts and eat swensons after u get back from the gym 
 onlycohibas @ famous smokeshop 
 more of a smoky heat  drinking a phantasmas spicy ipa @ the smokehouse barbecue and brews   photo
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 @padraigmaca @phillydesign when chefs smoke  its harder to taste the food...
 drinking a honest lager by @walkervillebrew @ smoke and spice southern barbeque   photo
 i smoked with a pornstar cause i love marijuana 
 drinking a phantasmas spicy ipa by @3dbrewing @ the smokehouse barbecue and brews   photo
 drinking a phantasmas spicy ipa by @3dbrewing @ the smokehouse barbecue and brews   photo
 drinking an orange blossom pilsner by @obpbuzz @ the smokehouse barbecue and brews   photo
 drinking an orange blossom pilsner by @obpbuzz @ the smokehouse barbecue and brews   photo
 u dont smoke like us. stop it.
 incredible  terrifying wildfire activity in w ks  and ok and tx panhandles. note the smoke direction marking locat 
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 damn this is weed i thot... nvm 
 @robthompsonespn precisely why i stick to cracker barrel when im out of town. smokehouse breakfast is the same everywhere.
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station 
 great pairing  drinking a milk stout by @duckrabbitbrew @ the prime smokehouse    photo
 first oregon brew with hempcbd  i think  drinking a two flowers at @albertastpub   photo
 tasty bbq @ cbq smokehouse 
 we just met our neighbor and he invited us in to smoke and showed us his art. litty.
 ill smoke it too u kno how i do 
 if ur feelin angry  thistle and weeds by mumford and sons ur welcome
 the best bbq  @ john brown smokehouse  @johnbrownsmoke in long island city  ny 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb at hempstead station
 i only smoke chronic shirts are still available check out  
 @boulevardbeer please make scotch on scotch a yearround smokestack series beer. thanks
 when u think u have no weed money but then u realize u have 30 
 thanks @eazeteam for blazingfast marijuana delivery get 20 off your first 3 deliveries with this link 
 @classlicity @merrinish you take the burned stuff and ill take the delicious unsauced tender smoked meat
 @bbdabosss the only other person i kno that smoke pineapple games all the time..
 joins us tonight for the latest episode of marijuana monday. a podcast dedicated to stones. 
 @thebruery smoking wood 2014 edition smoked imperial rye porter aged in bourbon barrels 
 this is from adam gottliebs the art and science of cooking with cannabis from 1973 and a total dig at the anarchis 
 update were almost to woodward county. you can smell the smoke from miles away. kforalert @kfor 
 the current officeheld views on marijuana  pornography  lgbt rights  protest  immigration  global warming  and much more are very alarming.
 listen  if u talk about wanting to die faster on twitter but u dont smoke cigs  ur a poser.
 @jagexash does the smoke battlestaffs accuracy buff apply to non damaging spells like teleblock
 @arangeroftexas smokey scotch and turkish coffee. we call it a gallipoli mortar.
 pussy weed beer
 never go to the gym after u smoke hookah for 2 hours unless u like having ur lungs be dead
 so did sgp smoke pcp laced weed or what
 @jennmartin0707 a vp following me on twitter  thats kinda intimidating  ur from wa eh enjoy that recreational marijuana while u can lol
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 rumors galore begins today at noon. check back with us at @dolphinstalk for all the latest smoke screens and bs for the next 48 hours
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station
 u know what your bear could do with that grass  smoke it
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 update theres still a lot of thick smoke rising in harper county. there appears to be many hot spots. kforalert 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch eb from new york penn station to hempstead station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to new york penn station
 @eminemobama theres legit apps for weed delivery in ny its like ordering a pizza
 i be keeping saint johns wort tea in the kitchen for when she ran out of weed 
 if selling weed is ur only income and u not selling anything bigger than 3 os a week u bummin all wrong
 okay this smoke is ridiculous
 @dariusrucker @drakewhite did u smoke the weed
 ill smoke weed at 419. did i rustle ur jimmiez 
 delicious grilledokra at @guyfieris smokehouse in louisville.  it tastes better paired with 
 pinot noir for serrano amp loringwinecompany waiting for the green hillside to dry out to mow the weeds and disc. w 
 hemp  announces farming hemp for profitstm  1st educational symposium of the hemp uni...  via @yahoofinance
 @atbbq have you ever smoked a dry aged brisket
 join us tomorrow at morgan hill wine amp cigars for our blending seminar  youll smoke a cigar with 4 different wrappers a unique experience 
 brand name  foods found laced with glyphosate weed killer cheerios  wheaties and more   
 when niggas say ur weed dry but u got 5 strains from different regions vacuum sealed and its a extra 5 now on 
 republicans hate cannabis freedom  us tx ny usa vault7 iphones wikileaks lavotes 
 where are we eating after we smoke 
 if anyone in dfw area likes art beats fashion weed and art be my friend please and thank you im convinced non of u exist
 your crazy if u dont think ginobili is a hall of famer. your just mad that he dunked all over bosh the bum amp smoked u in finals @gregcote
 drinking an espressway by @2roadsbrewing @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 drinking a workers comp saison by @2roadsbrewing @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 @llw902 tshirts and buttons and a bucket full of lies from a cop if you smoke pot youll die. how could this have backfired
 floyds gunna smoke this dude 
 if u putting weed in ya asshole u a crackhead
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 how to get stoned without smokeing weed 
 medical marijuana may soon be growing at an empty building in east stroudsburg. detailslive@5 @brcnews13 
 pondering a smoked caramel amber ale recipe. hmmmmmmmm
 @swaglordsacred @pmcmercenary next botg got us pulling out thermal lmg smokes hehe
 germany plans to launch domestic weed growing industry by 2019  cannabis pharma
 we get it u smoke weed 
 @gakpdx hes growing like a weed
 im craving a yerba mate latte with hemp milk. much needed. freezing pnw
 oh hell yes  drinking a dry hopped funk yo couch citra by @wileyroots @ smokers palace iii    photo
 @50thpresident do u smoke dude  
 its all smoke and beers
 havent had a wild ale like this since cersi mort from wicked weed. hits you... red panda  photo
 like a smokey porter  drinking a half baked by @sloopbrewing @ taphouse grille   
 wiz khaleef can u send some weed pleeease
 @tatianaventura u dont drink lean u just smoke marlboro reds
 and the result is smoked tritip sandwich foodie foodporn @ buffalo bruces mercantile 
 star wars  smoke  and chill.
 drinking a wickedly charming chili ale by @crowpeakbrewing @ smokers palace iii   photo
 yall in college or about to be in college and cant spell 6th grade vocabulary properly but are stressing about the next time you smoke
 drinking a smokejumper smoked imperial porter by @lefthandbrewing at @beerauthny  
 thanks manti  drinking a todd  the axe man surly release @ garage brewerytaproom  smokehouse  
 a bong is the game bop it for weed consumption   @theoskittles
 awesome night of dinner  drinks  and logan at @cinebistrosgate   great flick and ive been dreaming about their smoked bourbon.
 drinking a grapefruit ipa by @refugebrewery @ smoke eaters  
 a little too much citrus for me  drinking a pranqster 2016 by @nocoastbrewco @ smokers choice   
 funghi pizza with porcini mushrooms  smoked mozzarella  parmesan and olive oil from 
 pj doin that man thang weed pj wouldve handled his business. beingmaryjane
 drinking a barrel aged unhitched by @coronadobrewing @ smokers shop  
 im gonna make microwaveable cannabis infused tv dinners
 keanu reeves is a smokeshow in the john wick films but keanu  reeves in the matrix.... thats just.. got me all kinds of fucked up  zaddy
 west coast ipa wpeach flesh  mango flesh  and hemp oil  drinking a drupe fruit ipa at @pariahbrewingco  
 drinking a whiskey barrel aged the comrade by @zumbiermon @ smokers shop   photo
 my bitch bought ur weed n pampered ur broke ass shut up nigga u been trash even ur playlist trash
 someone laced their weed 
 all i wanna do is smoke with u sit down have dinner with folks with u
 what u smoke 
 @sandrakoat love ur dresses u wear do you smoke
 how do u ingest weed thru ur butt
 totes had dinner and then smoked a bowl...and ill have all the snacks kthx.
 eating pizza and smoking weed 
 if youre planning a trip to the west coast of florida today  beware of smoke and fire in collier county. details o 
 you dont smoke weed well more for us 
 always in the weeds. i need a weedwacker.
 carleen johnson just got to the scene...very thick  choking smoke in the area 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 coming in april  what should i name it  its sesame glazed gulf shrimp and applewood smoked 
 would he die if you smoked out of it  
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 update i get medical weed deliever to me legally and its kill  
 check out the twisted team  at ashs smoke shop ashessmokeshop twistedlabs smokeshop 
 this bitch stopped me in the middle of my game to ask if she smells like weed.....
 reef dispensaries...will begin selling recreational marijuana july 1 
 a meeting famoussmokeshop with the @hoyocigars @ajfcigars laamistad @ famous smoke shop 
 incident on hempsteadbranch from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 incident on hempsteadbranch from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 clark county nevada commissioners vote 12 members of the countys new marijuana advisory panel green ribbon p 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 drinking an imperial smoked porter with vanilla beans by @jjbrewco at @tenayacreek   photo
 just posted a photo @ 360 smokehouse bbq 
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 im about to order a pizza in smoke some weed
 im about to be order some pizza amp smoke some weed
 because im in the shape to try and smoke and go to the gym 
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 fyi iowa city west and hempstead played back in december  west won by six. it was wests closest game vs iowa comp iahsbkb
 berner  best weed anthem  2017 wchha oakland aug 5th  2017 weed tokers get ur votes in octaviusmiller@yahoo.com 
 @wadntme @harrythetech76 @peddoc63 you need to smoke a higher quality meth
 we have arrived in smoketown antonio 
 lemme smoke u out then buy u dinner 
 it was 3211 hempstead  now  after another kennedy triple foley  its 3433 hempstead iahsbkb
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 silent jo ann stupid tuiehlps marijuana conspiracy gotties silents macias radios
 drinking a grey mangrove smoked porter by @pointybelbrew at @pointybelbrew  
 brewster and diggins fts seal deal...final score kennedy 55 hempstead 47. see you friday
 drinking a nugget nectar by @troegsbeer @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 drinking a barretts farmhouse ale by @battleroadbeer @ the noble pig pub amp smokehouse   photo
 members of the @crcougars fan section @cougarnation17 cheer as kennedy bounced dubuque hempstead today. iahsbkb 
 @maditattat wow do u smoke weed
 just posted a photo @ 23 hempstead garden 
 drinking a bikers brew by fatboys southern smokehouse bbq at @fatboysottawa  
 .@crcougars dropped dubuque hempstead in class 4a today. photos  @dmregister @dmrsports 
 @dkeavany can you send some updates during the game  smokey
 dark  nutty  smokey.  drinking a baltic porter by @schlafly @ valmeyer il    photo
 drinking a weedwacker by @saintarnold @ billy bobs hamburgers   photo
 @senwarren why dont stay in ur office n smoke ur piece pipe. u will have more of a chance of saving us  people money 
 im at rosa parks hempstead transit center in hempstead  ny 
 drinking a humboldt brown hemp ale by @humboldtbrewing at @wobhighstreet   photo
 @whoamillie and he smokes us out
 the bram is up. @ wicked weed brewing 
 @taylormwait i feel u try to smoke if u can. try to breathe 
 drinking an 440 pepper smoker by original gravity brewing company at @oneeyedbetty  
 @modestmaryjane lina  some more news regarding recreational weed in connecticut by @wtnh.  
 also same and if u have weed plz also let us kno thank u 
 @dorycreates for us rb fans  when we walk by nycfc fans by yankee stadium  they throw smoke and glass bottles at us. they are so nice.
 my sister and her boyfriend are bffs they stay up all night and smoke and hang and laugh and they make my heart warm
 u gotta hav more than 1 weedman
 u gotta smoke before bed without eating.. 
 im at @cherryvalley deli in west hempstead  ny 
 for fans of marijuana  loratabs  amp jack daniels. stayrtrippy  
 i luv weed.
 @tukicarter  drinking weed  
 when u lie and say u went out to eat but u rlly just smoked and now ur home in bed hungry and stoned
 weed firm 2 back to college. check out the famous weed growing game  weedfirm
 when you get back from a gnarly beach bonfire and your so fukin smoked out fool aye bless up
 graham cracker porter   a chocolate  and hint of burnt toast smell. light roast  smoke  lush chocolate  vanilla an 
 hoes gettin xd out and we on ganja
 burnbook420 youcantsmokewithus @ welcome to weed  california 
 @johnmorganesq 10 million of your own   simply for those who suffer im guessing you will profit big time  medical marijuana
 my photos consist of food and weed
 do u smoke 
 in miami they dont got no good weeeeeeeeed  wizkhalif can u send some weed pleeeeeeez
 if you smoke on campus ur a fukn loser.
 revitalize with hemplify at lunch or after work at @bottegalouie hempextract potassium electroltyte omega3 
 @vvphoto good for you you should keep it that way drinking and weed can affect ur remdreaming. there are tricks to remembering them too
 me when alan says i smoke all the weed 
 lmaoooo @paramjohal96 @sjaujla @arunnijjer the cannabis oil lady from liverpool to me  
 incident on hempsteadbranch both directions from hempstead station to new york penn station 
 incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions from west hempstead station to new york penn station 
 update incident on hempsteadbranch both directions from hempstead station to new york penn station 
 update incident on westhempsteadbranch both directions from west hempstead station to new york penn station 
 @judyrosemeier funny. i once posted those words on a smelter smokestack. 
 i feel the weed cookie 
 just did a full turnaroundwalkbackwardsahooooga cartoon wolf heart eyes check out for a real smoke piece walking down south street.
 nature is my pharmacist  weed is my medicine. fuckthesystem marijuanamovement choicetobehappy 
 @drugpolicyorg @realdonaldtrump remember every word of prohibition make marijuana more valuable than gold.
 sessions may be doing marijuana a huge favor by attack us. everything trump hates becomes more and more popular xdlol
  holly smokes this is now my favorite song and video  so bad ass great job  @sebastianbach   flawless  thank  u
 lots of smokey dark chocolate  drinking a night tripper by @newhollandbrew @ jt walkers restaurant    photo
 moments with tasty weed  weed marijuana losangeles  420 
 armed and dangerous aint to many that can bang with us straight up weed no angel dust its strange to us ya ll niggas be scrambling ripbig
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 im quitting weed and liquor for a little while need to get back in shape.
 drinking a wolf among weeds by @goldenroadbrew at @flylaxairport  
 yo the @truthorange new commercial with the wolf  and the pigs  . the wolf couldnt blow the house down cause he smoked . is deep 
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 cleared incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal
 holy smokes... browns 
 why no more marijuanas for u 
 if i have a daughter imma name her marijuana
 nyc in pics by biga may 21st at creative corner 482 west hempstead  ny 2pm4pm @ creative corner 
 incident on hempsteadbranch wb from hempstead station to atlantic terminal 
 drinking a sourless ipa by @crookedstave @ sublime smoke   photo
 men i want u to cook for me  ride wit me  lemme call u bae  lemme vent to u  smokeeat u out  fuck da shit outta u  but u not my girl tho
 thinking about buying tickets to that snoop dogg smoke out .
 men i want u to cook for me  ride wit me  lemme call u bae  lemme vent to u  smokeeat u out  fuck da shit outta u. but u not my girl tho
 getting some smoke in this... glad i dont have a full pint.  drinking a brown ipa @ nighthawk brewery   photo
 gnikes. geedy weedies. 
 i smoke mad weed or whateva
 in the mood for weed  pizza  and sex
 headed to tampa to check out gd cover band uncle johns band at skippers smokehouse weareeverywhere
 drinking an imperial smoked porter with vanilla beans by @jjbrewco at @thebeerjunction  
 this would be a great summer beer on the patio  drinking a mang by @clownshoesbeer @ sublime smoke   
 need to smoke badly
 straight up weed no angel dust
 our newest series habeas cannabis check it out gt   trump weed 
 taster  drinking a citra ass down by extra billys smokehouse amp brewery @ aw shucks country store   
 drinking a smoke jumper by personality brewing @ luckys brew pub   photo
 why am i craving a smoke 
 cmon down enjoy 7 vintages of alaskan smoked porter paired with small plates tonight @acesandalestena  1997  00  
 cmon down enjoy 7 vintages of alaskan smoked porter paired with small plates tonight @acesandalestena 
 1997  00  03  06  09  12 amp 2015  @alaskanbrewing smoked porter paired with small plates tonight @acesandales 
 new and delicious edibles by smokes are available at batstonebudshop. dark chocolate pistachio 
