 @qtrresearch agree  when the smoke clears and the sellers take profits   we should move to 130133ish in the next few weeks.
 @immawildling god knows i aint paying for lung cancer never smoked  std treatment  alcohol treatment  and brain injuries
 need to smoke but aint got the whip to go pick up... fml thestruggle
 i been wanting to smoke bad lately .. i aint trying to burn though but i just want too
 bitch i just knowwwwww apple music did not just take 40 out my account i gotta be high  amp ion even smoke
 i need to smoke and eat some food before i start throwing up 
 still straight wit the weed and the liquor these days  cuz the new drugs got the kid trippin these days.
 @senwarren liz warren sending smoke signals to other liberal democrats
 gotta smoke a fat blunt to the last episode of shameless  season 7  
 brandon rolled a joint for us to smoke in the bathtub which wouldve been really cute if i didnt drop it in the water 
 clerk killed in robbery at forest hill smoke shop early monday  police say 
 nothing worse than getting smoke in your eye
 there aint enough smoke in my eyes to hide this kinda game youre tryna play.
 you aint gotta do to much. smoke amp watch a movie.  
 got sad about the us earlier but then i imagined the halfpound of weed pres. obama has probably smoked since going on vacation and smiled
 lol this election really did weed out all the undercover racists
 @robinthede i got 10 that says theres a pack of smokes on that table.
 the gorsuch ski apparel catalogs used to have these absolute smokeshow nordic models.
 @mamatare1 lol yeah most def gotta start having sessions we only smoked once together 
 i rarely not smoke before the gym lol
 @joshfoxfilm check out smokey says resist available for the next 16 days 
 i dont smoke in my vehicle... kenosha couples car caught fire no one seems to know why 
 yall really face blunts nigga like me gotta smoke that shit in quarters n run a play outta halftime 
 i smoked the fattest blunt like 40 mins ago
 if trump were a smart business man hed legalize weed so our economy could flourish amp tax  wouldnt go into imprisonments for possesion. 
 never smoked and got dizzy from the shit 
 stop talking... there will not be any more elections in this fucked up country... game over losers keep smoking weed you pieces of shits
 stop talking... there will not be any more elections in this fucked up country... game over losers keep smoking weed you pieces of shits
 no strip. no wonderful. but a cover of bang a gong that smoked marc bolan and the power stations versions. 
 aint smoked in 3 days... lmao
 i wish it was summer so i wouldnt have to smoke in my car so much 
 it aint the stuff i smoke 
 havent smoke in two days dont know if im more insane or standard insane.
 definitely shouldve smoked before o ate cause im just forcing this food right now
 need a girl smoking buddy who gone pull up  not try and smoke for free cause this aint that and not tryna swallow my dick...
 finna get me a 3.5 tomorrow. i aint smoke in 48 hours 
 twitter is   in allllll actuality   the only social media that i can completely be myself on.. in regard to that  smoke weed and drink erday
 i kinda sorta really want to smoke this weed i just got
 ive really spent 400 on weed in the past couple days. lol
 @kristinaaanoel 1. ive never seen a fruit cake in my life 2. all the wedding cake better be gone after a weeding 
 ive been listening to every version of smoke on the water thats on spotify for.. awhile....
 literally any human life takes precedence over an animal life. they shouldve smoked that fucking tiger like they smoked harambe.
 1. dopesmoker  drop out of life with bong in hand follow the smoke toward the riff filled land. 
 @dovahkiisses same. and i gotta work tomorrow  weed not doing its job yet..
 i dont smoke in my vehicle kenosha couples car caught fire no one seems to know why 
 another night  another protest. the left hasnt had this much fun since nixon amp vietnam. they get outdoors  smoke s 
 i smoked about 11 blunts n i aint even high yet
 all i do is sit home amp smoke on the week days  an tup on the weekends sometimess 
 when your mans at work all day  you just gotta smoke out your pets.
 the whole germantown ave from wister to chelten got garbage ass weed.
 @tntradioempire jimmy johns is known for their weed selling too
 @sendollaaaaz no matter how hard i try   i get smoked 
 best weed i ever got was down north philly i had some shit called silver haze. boy that shit had me dead
 92 yeah he got smoked. 
 if i smoke this blunt im gone forget you 
 if i smoke this blunt bitch im gone forget you
 will  @rispeaker mattiello and @risenate pres paiva weed buck the new @ridemparty platform on abortionrights 
 smoking weed in my backyard....sooooo peaceful.....
 stuck behind a cop at the atm i wonder if hes getting weed money too
 smoking joe biden got presidential weed but im the president never the vp
 my current first world issue is having to clean the inside of my car from the pungent marijuana odor.. me and a coworkers gotta ride out 
 on to the next one coming up.. just got the info..  so i guess ill smoke..          420 
 my mother just asked me if i left her doctor appt to smoke a blunt in the car.... why tf would i ever do that
 @jaackierodney damn lol we used to do vodka in the water bottle and sometimes would straight up smoke in the bathrooms but never 4loko
 dont forget the marijuana 
 all i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed  really nothin too drastic 
 comedians in cars...smoking cannabis 
 i got my own weed sucka  so i aint gotta hit yours 
 you pulling out flowers trynna leave weeds.
 boy u is my baby  boy u is my baby i gotta smoke some weed cus boy u drive me crazy
 yall weed dealers gotta do better.
 brandon let me smoke with you pls nah baby girl you aint touching my oz 
 i aint smoke yet bout that time 
 i need to hit the store asap i gotta smoke to this heat
 im going to make my kids smoke weed and play video games.
 you got a weed hangover from yesterday  
 willies place only place you can smoke at the moody. @ acl live 
 holy smokes 2 gop senators with spines lisa murkowski ak and susan collins me will oppose devos for education. cmon brave rs step up
 love me a good frapp and starbucks definitely provided that. smoked butterscotch 
 im trynna smoke
 double o  t  o  we smoke good
 sometimes i really forget weed is illegal
 the water be steaming hot though. how can you even stand through that lmao smoke coming from the bathroom and all
 why you gotta be 21 when you only have to be 18 to smoke 
 3 mcmurry players and 4th person known as little haiti had gone to rob victim of marijuana  affidavit says 
 im trynna build a weed gym in cali where u gotta smoke to keep the electricity runnin
 just showed this video of wine sommeliers smelling weed in a food reporting class because its soemerson 
 i walked into a casino for 5 mins and walked out with my hair smelling like smoke 
 there aint enough smoke in my eyes to hide the kinda games youre tryna play
 all me and mikaela do is smoke literally 
 my butt feels smoke inners
 if trump was smart hed legalize weed nation wide tomorrow and gain more support.
 @meltingfeg pussy ass nigga send link after ten  niggas do not want smoke i promise you
 this dude called me and asking me if he could cop some weed. 
  we really gotta smoke together
 he aint smoking weed no more. 
 @lexxtho no wonder i couldnt find my weed 
 @jahlilokafor i knew we shouldve have smoked that blunt before the game 
 aint nothing wrong with weed
 oh for gods sake please no liberal handwringing about throwing smoke bombs at milo yiannopolous
 aint shit smoking like that cali weed a nigga be too high
 just got an offer to design a smoke shops logo in exchange for oil 
 bodies trynna get found while im rollin weed
 throw a couple of smoke bombs and flares and @cal will do whatever you want berkeleyproblems
 @oletedstilts its fucken sick. if a porter is gonna have smoke  i want all the smoke they have to offer.
 several smokeless tobacco products are being recalled after users found metal objects in some cans. 
 just smoked a lot. got tired. now in bed wide awake needing more.. 
 when the weed man call you back amp ask if you got any roaches left 
 when you just got comfortable but then you get that call to smoke
 walked into my room earlier and it smelled like game greens. not weed. but my sticks. lmfao
 @david25aragon smoke indica .
 @crybabydani you got caught with weed at school lol.
 nothing like ending your shitty night with your weed getting stolen  i  my life
 when u tryna smoke but aint nobody trying to 
 went to get water. did a facemask  brushed my teeth  hair mask  got in bed and smoked. forgot my water.
 my senior year   i could have fucked so many hoes bruhh.. i would just smoke a blunt and fall asleep cause i knew that wasnt right 
 bitches be on snapchat trying to smoke and look cute at the same time .. no you gotta pick one 
 just trying to smoke a blunt  cake up amp clap some cheeks amp fall asleep.
 ...i just found a piece of weed...in my underwear...............dunno how that happened......
 addy with some weed
 clearly i just need to smoke so i can gotta bed
 i cant sleep. i want to hear his voice  or a text or a pigeon or even a smoke signal
 i can barely keep some damn peace and its awful  i smoke a lot of weed and when its gone i feel awful
 ratha be ya nigga so we can drunk and smoke weed all day
 @dgiles3 hml tomorrow im tryna smoke 2 blunts
 the general consensus is that i should smoke the weed that i found yesterday but idk nothing about that cuz i dont do that lol
 im high key pissed i gotta waste money to fix my phone thats money that coulda been wasted on weed salty
 wide awake i guess ill just roll up an smoke one
 @thehill smoke and mirrors folks
 @briannebeep remember that night we broke into rendall to smoke  
 i smoked from 210 yesterday and my body is beyond dead 
 @northendohio says he wants to build a wall so florida recruits will quit bringing weed to cbus... im working on the funding today
 so far dallas aint got no good weed
 yeah the weed in my pocket caught on fire when my dryer blew up...im pissed about the weed
 mal i didnt know she was a dancer. me yeah  she definitely has the body for it. dave she also smokes cigarettes
 i need a smoke butterscotch latte from @starbucks
 im going to smoke this blunt and forget you 
 know your weed the difference between the two most popular types  indica and sativa   legalizemarijuananow
 how much crack do i gotta smoke to get fired from my job....... asking for a friend
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 you aint smoke no gas until u smoked my weed 
 yay got the day off. gonna smoke some gas and play kingdom hearts all day
 @mckjr lmao like i know i got big forehead but this boy shit is smoked 
 the perfect piece smoke a bowl then you got a munchie 
 i got some shit on my mind just roll up the weed
 play with the smoke
 i wonder if my neighbors have figured out that i only smoke out my kitchen windowon the roof yet
 the shit i just smoked got me about to email farrakhan
 @dawgsfan34 women and children  helll..got my smokes and my dr pepper  you all are on your own  lol..jk
 whos trynna smoke
 i got liquor and i got weed
 brandon weeden is gonna be houstons starting qb game 1
 i should stay my ass home and smoke myself out to some impractical jokers lol
 i am so fucking pissed that now i gotta leave the building to smoke and bring my keys w me and all that extra shit man
 i wonder if @yourolddroog smokes
 @orupe who says smoke down 
 niggas think they hard callin up they kinfolks  faggot ass niggas you gone get they kin smoked 
 im just trynna smoke
 i gotta smoke a blunt while tagging art in the tunnels 
 im gone smoke 2 then wake up amp cop another 1.7
 i got weed 
 i got weed 
 my weed has been delivered. i am satisfied.
 girls that smoke me up are the real mvp
 kilt the weed man of the dope aint smoking 
 nothing will be worse than the time i smoked a cat @jaketemple31
 gotta smoke one for bri
 aint smoked a berry dutch in a while 
 forget it im just going to smoke this blunt
 i smoke like bob marley did 
 i just walked in the crib and it aint shit to eat... bro i dont even wanna smoke im pissed.
 i got asked if i wanted to smoke down but i was in such a bad mood i said no amp i regret it 
 got an eighth but nothin to smoke out of
 got on here cuz i thought nicki wanted smoke but idk what this is.. this shit some fog
 the homies got me over here in the middle of the field in the car im smoking weed they playing pokemon they gone get arrested
 got faith in my weed man
 i gotta smoke to help me sleep   goodnight 
 i wanna smoke with seth rogan
 why drink and drive  when you can smoke and fly 
 i fuck with ganja white night so much more after their okee set. that mixing was crazy  gotta see them again
 shouldve smoked w @arniethug420hoe when he asked
 i ran 3 miles with a hill less than 19 min with smoker lungs proud of myself 
 i was searching for love in my cannabis garden
 only got one picture with smokey  damn man 
 lol hmu if you trynna smoke and catch a badass movie tomorrow i gotta start off my break with a good movie
 i smoke so much the ashes bout to fall on me.
 you gotta throw more weed in the backwood then  
 vadouvancurried carrots with dates  pistachios and smoked sheeps milk feta. outlier @ outlier 
 why we get walked to our car by policemen and the car stinks of weed lmaoooooo
 about to smoke again  open my window to get the effects of this minor thunderstorm and fall asleep
 @roxystriar  finished your cannabis pod cast. big pharma vs cannabis. great stuff
 who up on sam that wanna smoke  yeen even gotta match 
 closed due to water main break in hamilton on hempstead dr at winton rd traffic 
 water now turned off here on hempstead drive off of winton road after water main break causes huge mess  road still 
 closed due to water main break in hamilton on hempstead dr between winton rd and cottonwood dr traffic 
 closed due to water main break in hamilton on hempstead dr between winton rd and hollytree dr traffic 
 you aint real country until you smoke dip out of a mountain dew can
 ive been up all night and cant fall asleep  this is a job for cannabis
 im probably gone smoke the whole 1.7
 i know you dont smoke weed. i know this. but im gonna get you high today. cause its friday. you aint got no job. aint got shit to do.
 @eitmonline i had a friend who got his student loan and used part of it 2 bank roll his weed dealership which paid him back 10 fold
 i remember this dude walked into his plugs house and just took weed and i was really hoping hed get shot or somethin
 u gotta smoke to that song if u smoke. thats a classic 
 12 just had my most unprofessional @uber ride to date. driver all but uncommunicative  car smelled like cigaret smoke  heater cranked
 @mariahhhbby why u tryin to smoke at like 6 am lmaooo
 i have to smoke myself retarded just to play arena
 you only got friends cuz you provide weed
 i got hella weed to smoke  no one to smoke with
 gotta slow down on smoking forreal. doctor said if you gone smoke that much smoke papers 
 currently watching a girl smoke a big blunt in her car. in broad daylight at 1040 in the morning. now shes taking selfies. you do you girl
 the 2nd most knowledgeable doctor on earth explains cannabis plainly  
 good weed and hennessy. goodvibesonly
 @paonthemic @paulcharchian before sweet child o mine  there was smoke on the water.
 cnt be shopping with everybody  been done bought some crack weed .
 cops just got me in ohio. took all my weed. gotta ticket n shit too. but we still out here bitch
 me when i found out smoked butterscotch was only seasonal  
 the girl with the backpack asked in an ohio weedhead accent hmm whats the difference between a coffee and a latte 
 after i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 there aint enough smoke in my eyes to hide the kinda games youre trying to play
 deadass aint want no smoke lol 
 @caseynewton carrier pigeon smoke signals
 interesting enough sometimes weed is dinner for me lol idk where my appetite leaves those times. 
 i got a whole blunt i aint smoke . about to eat my food and relax
 i truly do not. yeah  right. dave jones declines to say whether he supports marijuana legalization 
 im not sorry that i could sit  play video games and smoke with my family all day like i used to 
 road closed due to broken water main in cincinnati on hempstead dr both ebwb between hollytree dr and winton rd traffic
 im bored af who trynna libk and smoke
 who trynna shoot and smoke 
 my mom just asked where i got weed from amp said to make sure its not synthetic   girl what 
 ottawa trends now trudeau  jim watson  cannabis culture  brock  nazi. 
 i got weed i got food  so many other things.
 finna smoke n play madden
 one step closer... cannabis 
 lmfaoooo yall got caught w the ganja teamclean
 also i got new weed ln and its a sativa strain and i love it it was really refreshing compared to the indica c
 ok here we go. i got the weed. let this crazy ass road trip begin
 i got my own weed sucka so i aint gotta hit yours
 he is coauthor with @meadowsandmore of a new book  scraps  wilt amp weeds turning wasted food into plenty  about reusing scraps of food.
 naaah  they gone smoke all our weed
 still got weed amp tryna get more.
 this nigga from cali out here for sxsw and just got some weed from us so ik we got some loud
 my mom said i smelled like smoke whole time i aint even blow yet today i shoved my entire body up to her nose so she couldnt say that bull
 day 2 of smoking  lol i aint trynna smoke no mo
 ready start smoking again aint smoked since december
 anotha one of my niggss gone bru im sick of this shit bru i got smoke wt whoeva on my daddy bru
 plant of the year cannabis sativa 
 everyone who has told me theyd never smoke weed has been asking me lately to smoke with them this makes me so happy  iloveweed
 hcr79 new study of the costs and benefits of medicinal marijuana 
 got hemp thank you to another great sponsor @mettrumoriginal for @healthntruth conference april 8  
 isaac hempstead wright bran stark rates the plausibility of some of the biggest gameofthrones fan theories. 
 isaac hempstead wright bran stark rates the plausibility of some of the biggest gameofthrones fan theories. 
 @mayorhodges my smoke detectors are hard wired so i change the battery in my pacemaker instead.
 cause weed is illegal 
 there are fireworks that can be set off in daylight by using colored smoke 
 @ebtamera mid smoker
 @patsow  lawsuits incoming from sick people made more sick from the lps crap weed. but bust cannabisculture for reasons. canpoli bcpoli
 not to mention hemp soaks up radiation in places like fukushima  and the paper is much more durable 
 this crazy girl then drove me to start smoking again ugh  she is stressing my life out right now i havent smoke in almost 4 years
 this that sit on the porch and smoke a bleezy type of weather. 
 since its nothing how about a smoke session
 ik i smoke but it aint making me tripout like that man ik wat my username was amp on top of that i gotta re enter my pswrd everytime i get on
 if this man eat another piece of this weed cake  im definitely going tf home
 there is nothing wrong with smoking all the weed you want if you have your shit together.
 lol you know you smoke a lot when the jamaican lady got ya fronto and papers ready when you walk up to the counter 
 @smithstband i can play smoke on the water in every key but thats it
 i stopped stressing over shit  i just smoke my thoughts away and chill. 
 nessa what we gonna eat after this. me idk im not hungry so.. nessa give it tens mins after we smoke this you gonna be hungry..watch
 @msnbc a left wing liberals blowing smoke
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin
 told u aint drink and smoke
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 my aunt called me like amir i have a crazy question dont be scared  i asked her whats wrong she said do you have weed you can sell me 
 hahaha. gets smoked against wall  after trying to run from cops. are you kidding me crybaby qbs man 
 @moneyman2x you can do that patch you put on yo arm lol aint no more weed tho
 i be forgetting weed is illegal
 feel like i aint smoke yet and rolled up 2 dutchies how that be 
 @brandonlgtaylor listening to smoke signals again and immediately im too sad to exist. amazing.
 yacob from little einsteins smokes cayden saxon from team yeast packhittas @hopkinsnerf16 
 he got smoked 
 join vegas cannabis magazine tonight at canopis north las vegas location. food  raffle  prizes 
 i used to smokecrack  but now i just pull for the @redskins satire
 usa barely won this game. barely. they will get smoked by pr and dr down the road.
 more russian smoke... 
 shoot yo weedman if the dope aint smoking
 if you gotta drink or smoke weed to have fun something is wrong with you
 federal government grants cannabis patents even though weed is illegal  
 smart kids who smoke weed  honor roll.
 florida got some good ass weed i see 
 @mehkitaughtyou lmao a waste of weed in my book since u gotta stuff them hoes too
 comon man its just weed livepd
 wedding diet schmedding diet. sofull ballgownftw @ black dog smoke 
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 it gets worse explains the long initial marijuana   veg
 little girls smoke weed once and forget how to act.
 livepd until the federal government recognizes the benefits of marijuana stupid arrests will continue to happen.
 all i wanna do is forget about my past amp maybe smoke a little weed  really nothin too drastic
 @jassssss  i smoked with her one time and she got so paranoid i was dying then she asked to smoke some more.
 livepd hey officer  the beer and weed aint mine  its the babys. we call her lil thug.
 shoot ya weed man if the dope aint smoking
 gotta love shep. hes not buying the smoke and mirrors. 
 if i smoke this blunt boy im gone fagettt you....
 livepd why hasnt an ambulance been called to make sure the baby isnt suffering from weed intoxication
 you know i gotta smoke before i smoke jamir
 guys....drink water when you shmoke marijuana. 
 shouldve smoked   i mightve been sleep by now
 @grossgyal trynna smoke
 @whelandanni that is a long day. holy smokes. glad youre back after that odyssey.
 ms. pearly got bit in the ass and still aint drop the weed lmao
 im trynna smoke 
 anybody trynna smoke
 i keep trynna roll up and my grandma keep walking in to make me try on stuff im tryn b respectful but uhhhhhhh i gotta smoke shorty
 @hightimesmag are you there  ive sent several requests to discuss cannabis cup and receive a refund and nothing.  anyone there
 i shouldve never chose you over weed 
 when the baby wont fall asleep so you cant smoke 
 aint smoke in a couple of weeks and it feel good
 sometimes you just gotta get naked  smoke some weed  and watch a movie
 a flower amongst the weeds 
 road closed due to broken water main in cincinnati on hempstead dr both ebwb between hollytree dr and winton rd traffic
 smoking weed riding fast like that shit not illegal
 i aint smoked in so long that shit lowkey foul af to smell
 dude this uber just got out to smoke a cig with us before our trip
 i aint got no weed rn 
 i jus got smoked tf out for free godbless
 this is me af i be so worried when he drink or smoke. just drives me crazy 
 @stanleyecook i agree  if it isnt a clean repeal . then it is smoke and mirrors  just like the current aca
 got damn liquid marijuanas 
 this weed aint got no seeds  your bed aint got no freaks
 i shouldve went to the weed man last night 
 cooking with cannabis this chart  from steep hill labs  may  with cannabis class at magnoli 
 @sunlorrie what do the cops do with all that pot they confiscate smoke it
 smoking up somebody elses weed aint some weirdo shit
 shorty smoked 4 joints out my man sack.. bitch smoke 2 of my grams without permission she gotta go
 if your saturdaymorning doesnt start with a smoke detector training with @chicagoredcross then you are doing it wrong redcross
 shout out to that dude i just remembered from basic training who said he used to smoke meth so hed be better at call of duty
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking
 she smoked 4 js of this mans weed and is asking why she got put out lmaooo
 i wonder what weed is like in the u.k.
 @jakesmed @ponyboyspasta well do it again you fuckin mongrel you look like someone id buy weed from if i was 13 pull urself together jake
 @mmalloyboy weeny weedy wiki  my weenus
 i aint even hit the blunt yet yall. ian got no weed lol. im smoking a black right now like its normal. life is real. wtf. i got work now
 this car just tried to be a badass amp go super fast to pass me amp they literally blew their engine out and their car went up into smoke 
 @keeppounding95 thats a drop mic worth tweet if you ask me. ealy just got smoked.
 damn agave...its hitting me hard marijuana infused agave marijuanainfusedagave 
 who trynna smoke
 how she gone call ole dude lame after he beat raw  she smoked all his dank n shit
 who got weed
 gotta have a smoke out before probation 
 do weed not tucking exist anymore 
 @mjharleyquinn @lulazarte66 @jennaswan1 @wwwbigbaldhead @normanscat  damn to be that smoke..
 i gotta try this but ion smoke smh 
 hell nah she smoked that mans weed you gotta gtfo 
 @bigjbeezy thanks we all know the corrupt smoke amp mirrors scam and in bed paid off etc  not how we do  biz @inlandprofcorp @thomaspkennedy3
 lmaooo this man is holding a sign asking for weed money...gotta love durham
 @iamdavemac @profbootyphd @snopes it is the natural next step after penalizing smokers
 man i aint smoke in forever
 @dcornzz aint nothing wrong with some sweatpants and weed haha
 my nephew could have been a flyers contender but he smokes to much weed 
 she not wasting no weed cuz theres barely a .4 in the blunt  she blowing out tobacco 
 aint wanna smoke my own weed so i called my brother to smoke his. 
 who helps themself to someone elses weed what kinda shit is that
 a weed is just a right flower growing in the wrong place
 he got smoked lol 
 @prandpoli @tedlightbulb i can make booze and home i cant grow weed thats part of the problem. double standard.
 @prandpoli @tedlightbulb @cannabisculture nonprofit for cannabis is still illegal under the law.
 when youre rewatching weeds and jimmy steve pops up in the pilot 
 @prandpoli @tedlightbulb @cannabisculture giving away cannabis would still be trafficking and conspsircary under the law.
 @prandpoli @tedlightbulb @cannabisculture the emerys gave away more weed than any street dealer ever has.
 @tedlightbulb @prandpoli @cannabisculture yeah amp yet the lps cant manange it  selling contaminated weed to patients at black market prices.
 @tedlightbulb @prandpoli @cannabisculture yeah and stop contaminating their weed and fucking over our veterans. garbage weed for garbage 
 it is when they attempt to match with bunk weed  like its ok 
 smoking weed is safer than eating fast food
 this man swipe smoking weed in the hospital lmaooo yo this nigga a legend fr
 is this related to the drug  or is the diet and habits that a lot of pot smokers have this needs lots of context. 
 @prandpoli @tedlightbulb @cannabisculture other nations are light years ahead of us with cannabis studies  were trapped in the dark ages.
 no you cannot smoke cigarettes in my car
 thats whats wrong with me  you smoked weed when you were pregnant with me
 i aint got no weed or friends right now im bored outta my mind
 dont forget to check those smoke alarms while you are at it. 
 eat smoke amp play game 
 @npratc trump passes the buck to the states. seniors amp poor lose. its all blue smoke amp mirrors. ire ccvarga at yahoo dot com.3474440946.
 kinda want someone to smoke  cuddle and paint with... kinda dont fuck with guys who play games so ..
 fast cars with bad broads in em  im proceed to smoke these trees
 if i gotta smoke by myself again im going to sleep 
 i love hotboxing my car then admiring the smoke come out of my car 
 ya gotta walk through the weeds before you reach the flowers 
 bobs burgers and weed
 i wonder do she roll up weed
 im at main street marijuana in vancouver  wa 
 yall gearing up to go out amp im gearing up to smoke and enjoy this meal. love my life.
 often wonder if extreme homophobia is a smokescreen to cover up a mans latent homosexuality 
 someone asked me how high i was and i said 510.  this weed got me elevated. 
 i knew that dating my drug dealer was a bad decision because i need weed right now this instant but i dont wanna double text him
 civilian life is weird  i still feel like a di is gon come outta nowhere at any moment amp smoke me for not having my feet at a 45
 dr gotta smoke usa
 @ghastly @herobust come smoke a blunt before the set w me and @jcarlye buku
 deadass boy...some good smoke and some vacuum suction on my knobby and ill be great....trb 
 honestly im justbon here right now cus the weed man bullshitting.... 5 mins aint never 5 mins
 blowing smoke like me name jr gong
 my dude still got it.  @ dc medical marijuana consultants 
 im bout to trespass and smoke in someones hallway
 whos tryna smoke some blunts w me tn and listen to some bob marley 
 when my drugs gone my thugs gone thats why i smoke alone .
 i been sober for a couple days but after the casino trip im riding back just smoked out 
 nothing but good food and some good smoke to cure the soul... been stressing to hard lately.
 heard he got smoked they zipped him 
 today  i woodworked  caught up on my job  read from kraken  finished a draft  wrote a chapter in another book  smoked a cigar. solid day.
 got 2 weed club memberships gotta move out here
 trynna smoke somebody shit and sip on some hennessy 
 if you smoke cigarettes i just automatically think u dgaf bout urself
 snoopandmarthasnewdish 420  ingrediant smoked rap
 @drbwhit23 @thehill and youre wrong hes never drank smoked or use drugs
 got a weed pen.... ya never rolling again.
 it aint never shit to do in cleveland besides smoke
 smoke weed play music and chill   new epmixtape tomorrow.
 not a full brown bike yet...he fell on the marijuana haha livepd
 no room in the seats so im riding in the hatchback trunk lmao  its actually the best except i cant smoke a cig here
 okkkk smoke 
 what kinda weed is he smoking 
 @aetv livepd. weed weed amp more weed
 livepd they found a lil more than weed inot that car. i wonder if the shop put the strap on on there back seat to 
 mmm nice paraphernalia  found in the car with marijuana  @aetv livepd 
 finished weeds 
 amp no i aint pulling up to smoke with you. i got my own weed. im solid.
 why my weed man aint got no weed and his babymomma here  they arguing.
 does weed infused coffee exist is there a diy on the youtube
 aint smoked in weeks cause of my job searches. oh my god 
 wont smoke if the shit aint the finest
 smoke a lot of weed but i could neva forget ya
 shouldve never stopped smoking weed. might blaze one tomorrow.
 i hate cig smells if ya gotta smoke. smoke weed shit
 my brother has been using my car for the past week and i just got into it and i was blasted by the smell of weed 
 i gotta go smoke now lbs
 im so fucken stoked to play with weedeater.
 livepd seeing  on bumper reminded me of cops episode. guy got popped for weed. had a joint on his  and forgot it was there
 i wonder how pissed my neighbor is that im parked in my driveway  blasting this aint a scene  its an arms race while i smoke
 bouta smoke then gts since i gotta wrk in the am 
 and smoked once i got out too 
 when i drink water after smoking weed i feel intelligent   @ashhkardash
 bruhh my weed
 my manager just asked me if i was smoking weed in the freezer 
 im trynna smoke 
 when you got buku weed amp no papers  gars lt
 since i smoke so much   my appetite gas decreased 
 who trynna smoke mannn
 im a joker im a smoker sometimes im al roker 
 finally got all the kids to sleep   now to clean up they mess amp smoke a blunt 
 melancholic weeds slipping through cracks 
 also got a new part time job at a marijuana dispensary 
 is it just me  or do cops smell a weed in 95 of there stops. livepd
 idk if its the weed or not but i got the munchies for a bowl of fruit
 shouldve grabbed some smoke before i left
 shouldve did what i did tonight which was absolutely nothing but smoke and relax
 @lilbabykrisatan i would smoke with you sooooo fast if i could oh my gosh lt3
 i got the munchies. didnt smoke. appetite awkward.
 gotta stop consuming marijuana man  one day
 i smoked a whole pack this drive 
 i really just woke up amp smoked a b to myself  goodnight
 california weed honestly bomb af
 no weed and no alcohol for a year gone really do something to me
 im so glad i dont keep cash on me i had 2 in my purse walked outside to smoke when i came back it was gone 
  marijuana cannabis leaf car essential oil diffuser  car freshener. by @myoildiffusers  
 @whysharksmatter @joeymaier @sharkadvocates @oceandevotion84 @savingseafood @harborfish @mojoshark the smoked haddo 
 i had a dream that my bf got caught with weed in his car amp in my dream  i told them it was mine amp not his .... tf type of dream was i having
 no mention of marijuana as a treatment.  @cbssunday
 trynna smoke 
 if i smoke this blunt you dont exist to me.
 bob burnquist x reefermaddness 
 @sunlorrie @marcdenomme @justintrudeau many with ties to liberals have already invested and started up weed growing bussiness. just like gea
 i want to smoke a blunt and just have an intelligent conversation
 as the sports world rethinks marijuana  it remains illegal under federal law. @johngreabe explains the law of pot 
 @gorgeousworks i smoke before i rob niggas pass me the torch
 that weed cake had me stuck yesterday lmaooo.
 sooooo ready to smoke some dope 
 whether they confirm that weed was traded or not  no robbery occurred mikebrown
 im so happy i aint smoke yesterday.
 could deff smoke and go for some starbucks
 i just smoked a cigarette and walked into church dropping the biggest f bomb woops
 i smoke rappa weed
 i gotta put something on my stomach before i smoke but i have no appetite unless im high... i hate that shit
 the scent of retired women who smoke intrigues me.
 im trynna smoke a blunt 
 @polarwhut get that  subsidies exist  insurance companies bailed amp young delayed. some counties are overweight amp unhealthy amp smoke. not rule
 about last sunday..thick accent exchange with smokes in hand ..wonder their story... thatdogthough intrigued 
 in between the smoke and embers  i purified my essence. what your putting down has no place here 
 @wwebitches @whackedent dave went on smoke break wood did i miss 
 seeking for weed in uptown
 i need a personal driver to drive me around in my car  food   weed and drinks will be provided
 i kill weed  dave. its not safe around me. @daveusmc @taotaosalupa5 @bemetor @2009superglide @armyjon @darthodius
 who trynna smoke
 im trynna smoke a fuckin blizzzyy yo
 the one day my moms fuckin gone and i have no weed 
 got some weed roll it up
 no weed and im hungry
 i aint smoke if it aint fuego
 gold in them there hills brothers as cows moo moo moulk n honey stick  n stones skulls n bones n weed  green theory
 cone snails are called cigarette snails. their neurotoxin is so potent that if stung you live just long enough to smoke a cigarette.
 guess i gotta smoke alone...
 just saw a mom smoking weed in the car with her child in the back..
 god i wish i never spoke  now i gotta fill my mouth up with smoke
 wow this wbc2017 is not disappointng holy smokes. come dr pull thru game plantanpower
 aint no such thing as too much weed in the blunt   aint had no lean in 2 months
 i got faith in my weed man
 she said you basically got a movie theater in your room  where you can smoke and drink.
 if you smoke newports im assuming you also drink ditch water
 you keep showin yo teeth cause you think its a joke. you must think these bullets aint real and you aint gone get smoked
 @zachyapo man i knew you were real... i gotta smoke you out now
 now my apartment smells like smoked wood  which is kinda nice amp crafty autumn smelling but also alarming in an apt full of books.
 twas the love of my lifes birthday yesterday  im glad you had fun baby. @ blue smoke 
 keeping cannabis classy in beverly hills with bluntly midafternoon breaks. 
 future for the turn up  hndrxx for the smoke session afterwards. 
 @roverradio  indo is indica. theres three main grouos of weed. indica  sativa  hybrid. indo is the first one i mentioned. indica.
 i told my grandma i was gonna buy a little baby bible for my car and she said i was the devil cause i smoke in my car. 
 kats got mad cause i smoke a zip a day
 dallas smoke up 
 glad it dont get dark early no more   so the weedmans aint got no excuse on why they aint posted 
 i aint smoke all day 
 @ppistone these stages seem like smoke and mirrors to cover the fact that the leader is still hard to pass plz tell me im wrong.
 @lexilee069 @milfmadison @vanyavixen @mckayla011 wheres my smokers at 
 why is it smoke in the water  
 eyou know what im proud of myself i aint smoked a blunt all day  .... li smoked 4 earlier 
 @derekalmightyy smoke me out  i got you tomorrow.
 lemme smoke with my man before i step all the way out my character 
 should i buy edibles i love weed i love drugs. scam sephora 
 just finished weeds what do i start now
 @lirr thanks for not holding train @ jamaica for hemp also thnx to yet another rude conductor who said i dont know nothin bout that
 cuddle w. him while he plays the game or while he smokes a blunt . . . or both  issabae 
 trynna smoke blunts in a pasture looking at the stars
 my room smells like weed and febreeze it aint even mine
 i dont feel good at all. bouta take me a nice hot shower smoke amp relax..... i miss my boobie 
 damn whos got their rec an wants to smoke a blunt
 how you the plug but never got weed 
 chilly miami night as i walk towards ocean drive my mind filled with nothing but smoke then dope provides good vibes on the stone wall  hope
 my dad just walked to the car to smoke a blunt he wild wtf. let me join
 kush smoken car riding.
 this session bout to be cool i aint smoked all day.
 dead aint smoke all day
 who trynna smoke that has
 i wonder how many dog hairs ive smoked. dogownerproblems stonerproblems
 have noticed that in the past day i lost several followers after i showed support 4 44 but its all good best way 2 weed out hatersampracist
 got smoked
 bouda drink a little  smoke a little  and play some spades
 @commonman80 in another video mikebrown is seen exchanging marijuana for cigarilos. but did not take the at the time of the exchange.
 all i want to do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed  really nothing too drastic
 i have a 3 page research paper on marijuana with proper mla format due tmrw amp i got my intro down
 @howiecarrshow pooke ha ness y  smoken pipe to much   y smoke signals are nothing but hot air
 lol nigga said all you do is smoke weed amp fall asleep...staute of liberty head ass
 why you think they got us on every corner  only way to free my stress is marijuana. white man w paranoia gotta get my dawg a batter lawyer
 one of the best parts about having a car is being able to just box by myself lol  i could never smoke in donnas car 
 @almyroh susan smokes the lound blounts
 i left my weed on the damn bed 
 just copped some more weed  now i got 3 different types of weed 
 @miaelise7 weed cover lookin fleeky
 s.o to kushstock for all the free weed and goodies 
 what if you had to choose btw coffee or weed for the rest of your life. decision like that would put me into cardiac arrest.
 anybody trynna smoke....
 only nigga i aint kiss was dallas daddy cause i dont smoke and i was tired tasting the blunt
 damn now that im not smoking weed ima be pissed off all day everyday
 i aint smoke in like a week
 rogan stand up and smoke 
 and if i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you
 i smoke vitamin water religiously
 this tasty smoke bomb is courtesy of my botl kuboti thanks again playa nowsmokin flathead450 
 @tanamongeau more weed
 ive racked up on weed these past few days. its gonna be a great trip 
 @jasonfnsaint smoke signals
 a job boys just to consume time i literally drive around and smoke weed all day or play cod and smoke weed all day
 sometimes i forget marijuana is illegal lol
 i smoke a lot because i be stressing
 the doctor ask me do i smoke  im gone say  sometimes  
 really just trynna smoke n go to bed  gotta put this boy down first
 really just trynna smoke n go to bed  gotta put this boy down first
 so can we just smoke instead of arguing all the time i know you gotta lot on your mind
 @liyah0507 @bbscottt you hung around niggas i dont fw and you smoke wt niggas idfw
 also   why is it so hard to find a bomb smoked salmon sandwich in la  the only place i know is european bakery
 we shouldve smoked  we shouldve  did i miss my chance  i shouldve asked you out at first glance  pauline knows its true  that bs aint u
 my weed man got locked up.
 finna smoke. then play black ops 1. who got xbox live  with black ops 1
 but marijuana is the scary  awful drug we all have to fight and warn our children about 
 the part on 10 thing where the teacher takes the weed and the cheetos was never truly funny until i started smoking 
 shoot the weedman if the dope aint smoking.
 nothing pisses me off more then getting in my car thinking im about to smoke amp my lighter gone .
 @jkmdnc brought the heat and the traffic on whitford rd this morning to smoke the pax as we celebrated merkinmarch @f3durham devilsridge
 i prefer papers  but nothing smokes like a blunt.
 i think @wizkhalifa  gotta be the coolest dude in the world to chill with. probably just smoke me out 
 marc where there is smoke there is fire. why the claim of wire tapping the gop can suppress evidence but they will do it to their fall
 @bkmeditor @ronsussman so hes paying for smoke by bringing in 5 whole dollars an hour he can barely buy a starbucks coffee with that.
 im as gone as ive ever been  and it aint weed or whiskey baby
 bout to cop half to smoke on aint shit else to do
 bout to cop this half to smoke on aint shit else to do
 i wonder if people know that when you try to counter the smell of weed with perfume it smells 10x worse 
 there aint shit to do with out weed. nothings fun
 glad i gave up the weed now im shitting on you niggas lol
 jr and shump got a smoke partner 
 unsuspecting americans have fallen uder th nflunce of evildoers who seek to dstroy us all the same. pres. trump is trying to weed them out
 there is  just gotta weed it out lol 
 it aint hard to smoke weed and go tote gats it aint hard to pimp hoes man u lame for dat @lilbthebasedgod
 seeking reefer cdla recent grads in florida paid training  99 no touch freight miami  jobsearch hiring
 something must be terribly wrong with me cause ive been refusing to smoke for the past 3 days like what
 if you try to rob someone of weed  you are a junkie
 wine  weed and my best friend for the upcoming blizzard of 2017 
 and if i smoke this jay girl im gone forget you
 so a telemarketer called me today it was from a gop caucus asking for 3 000 dollars so i pretended to be a bisexual weed smoking dj. xd
 gotta add more weed lol 
 @lilprettyass  this bihh will never smoke off my supply 
 im hungry... i need food  weed and gas... gotta get up...
 after a santaromita walk and russell hit  buser gets up and smokes one to left to tie the game at 1. 
 im just trynna smoke and fuck
 oh well  i got weed 
 @dennisprager @adamcarolla never wished more i was in la.  would be an honor to smoke a cigar with you mr. prager
 so i fucking got an 8th and no one wants to smoke w me rlly
 i smoke marb reds cause im not a faggot
 so someone left their baggie of weed in my car... guess whos keeping that shit now
 i only started back smoking cause i finally got a real weed man.
 @lilspark713 mark ass aint want no smoke
 when i smoke with my worse its like smoking alone anyway
 @seytenn the blossoming romance between the two weed nazis
 @clarecoffey i like that youre weeding out the grammar nazis right away. theyd be awful to raise a child with.
 anyone thats close to me automatically gets smoked out aint never leave a nigga hangin
 nother day nother thoughtless boy weeded from my twitter life
 fuck... my fucking vape was in the car. now i got nothing to smoke on. 
 currently watching a show called bong appetite where they cook food with weed. wonderful
 why would i fold  my lil niggas still got smoke
 the marijuana dispensary on the ground floor of my building is a robbery target  in part because theyd be loathe to call the police...
 good thing i can smoke n the house now ... cus warming up the car use to drawl
 i was finally informed by a friendly guy the place where i may purchase some fine cannabis sativa. and he isnt even a local. who knew
 i wonder if any fitspos smoke its just never talked about
 i wonder if i got any weed hiding in this house...im bout to do a spring cleaning...i bet u i find a dub somewhere...
 the protocol patriarch nikolas agathis has gone home. we smoke this cigar in his honor. until we 
 @ohhighsadie fr... selling weed aint that hard either lmao
 playing skate 3   who trynna smoke
 bases loaded for russell and he smokes one past the third basemen for a double and two rbis
 i never got nobody to smoke with 
 doctor do you smoke marijuana  me no  doctor so you dont do that skunky
 try to rob me gone get smoked
 bitches can get smoked too if you throwing the wrong set you aint safe
 that aint weed 
 got weed falling out my washer and dryer smh 
 im watching 13th on netflix and it pretty much just said the government knew that weed wasnt that bad.
 so far my main source of energy has been alcohol  coke  and weed. yikes.
 got my weed. got the snacks and i got my bae. im good for this snow storm 
 blizzard is coming to ny and im fired up for the wfh day wonder if my neighbor sells weed snowmageddon2017 
 this girl at the library loudly whispered and smoke weed then cackled like a god damn hyena
 if you stressing smoke a blunt
 ive spent my days off alone with nothing but weed and art supplies. its been 70 degrees every day. life is v sweet.
 i been so bored i done smoked all my weed up dat i just got 
 all the pieces are in place  time to compete heres my haymakers evening olsmokey @ smoke 
 if you smoke with a child in your car  u r trash.
 idk its sum with bitches and weed thats been blowing me lately
 i gotta go on a low carb diet to really know everything into place  but that shit is harder than smoking weed bruh  and expensive
 so my ex that dumped me for smoking weed got hit by a car
 if only i could smoke weed with her naked saying all types of intelligent stuff listening to rappers who had to consider their lyrics.
 @christinectar when i smoke i get lazy so my body gets turned off
 gotta stack up on weed for this storm
 @smitty74allday or have savage compete with the qb for the job but its pointless to waist a roster spot for a backup qb. weeden is still in.
 got enough weed for two jays . what should i roll up in
 ihopenooneseesmy weed still illegal here
 ihopenooneseesmy weed still illegal here
 a little forest of ametrine surround a smokey quartz   ametrine amethyst citrine quartz 
 lethal rt @washingtonpost government marijuana looks nothing like the real stuff.  
 this weed aint got no seeds nigga
 so im not finna find no weed do i gotta start bacc asking random people again
 never been called a junkie  considering i dont even smoke let alone do drugs but i guess ive been called every other name in the book so
 u aint a day1 if u never smoked in my attic
 raven can smoke her with her eyes closed  literally 
 @monicadphoto @milowinchester @jensenackles @creationent holy smokes im dead now.
 in what context  music  beyonc  .cuff beyonc . one night stand  rihanna. we gone smoke and fuck all night 
  i live on ten acres of land and this dumb ass smokes weed in this house. like fuck put in some effort my father on my step brother.
 i need to get fuckin high i aint smoked all day
 i gotta smoke i keep feeling like im finna throw up
 due to the fact that the weed is not that good lol
 i shoulda went to the smoke shop earlier maan  shit
 trynna smoke summ
 @michelehyacinth smoke and mirrors.
 my dad found weed in my car.. and he said why i aint sharin. haha
 fuck man i smoke so much i got jaundiced eyes smh i gotta juice cleanse or something
 sativa bong hits tonight.... homework due at 1159 pm again.....im about to redo a company logo....so i picked green dragon cannabis co.
 im finna get high probably  i aint smoke in 3 days
 i asked this guy what kinda stuff he has and he asked so movies no homie  do you have weed...
 i aint smoke all day im finna lose it 
 well got home in time before blizzard  oil heater not working tripped reset  when reset black smoke filling house  what next  ......
 i left my weed in the car lmao the level of pissed i am is sad. lowkey about to run out to get it
 i only smoke the peens
 i smoke and drink to forget about the pain
 never saw an epi of the bachelor kinda wished i did that raven broad is a smoke
 grandma said i got high twice so yeah im a smoker just like you lmaooo
 i got 100 i can out smoke you
 walked to my car to smoke to realize i dont have a piece  
 a girl who gone roll my weed at night would be awesome 
 me atm  i smoked some deathstar amp yeah lol 
 there is nothing to me like ganja 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 zye i aint know you smoked  
 elise and marisas fish named after bob marley literally died of second hand smoke just let the sink in ripbob  heaven got a new angel
 what if im feeling so sick cause i aint smoke today lmao 
 this girl really just said an 8ball of weed. goodnight
 just got outta church where the weed at  
 if i smoke this blount girl im gone forget u
 gotta get my boy jordan high he aint never smoked in his life 
 man aint it nothing wrong with smoking weed. weed is from the earth. god put this here for me and you. take advantage man 
 i got weed in the car but everyone is awake and i cant smoke it yet 
 i got weed
 any girls trynna pull up on me amp smoke 
 this car smoked out. fym
 if i smoke this blunt im going forget u..
 wish i smoked i need some type of drugs so i can fall asleep
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking 
 he trynna smoke me out 
 @repswalwell @barackobama @realdonaldtrump a smoke bomb  are all great at cover ups and gett 
 im just trynna smoke
 ive got a feeling that the marijuana is rotting my brain.
 im finna rob my moms out all her weed
 who trynna smoke
 wtf has been going on lately lol amppeople wonder why i smoke
 @repswalwell @rvawonk @barackobama @realdonaldtrump smoke bomb yes. distraction  not so much. impeach45
 all this mf do is smoke amp play this damn game
 when you drive up to chill hill to smoke but theres 2 cops up there and everyone sketches out 
 i knew i shouldve smoked before i got home 
 i shouldve smoked on my way home. smh. that way i woulda came straight to bedampfell asleep. ima attempt to sleep but my brain wide awake.
 trynna smoke some ketamine my man
 doctor says inserting weed anally is most effective complexnews
 why everybody that sell weed be slp by ten like they got a job to go to in the morning 
 @sjlovesyou smokes crack
 @distortedview listening to the hidden dicks episode and toking the reefer. i love you. you sick fuck
 so you tellin me there aint 1 weedman up right now..  mannn
 man im just trynna get high. but i swear to god indianapolis got the most half ass weed mans alive.
 new diet smoke so much u either fall asleep and dont eat or u eat everything in the house
 im like wide awakewhyyyy i need to find the weed man
 chicago police rarely weed out recruits  but even a trainee kicked out of the academy can still wind up on the forc 
 fiji water amp some bomb ass weed ..
 i had a dream i got fired .. later that night i got jumped .. to get over it all i chose to smoke then a cop pulled up amp i got arrested ..
 me and miranda vs ian titus smokers alley 330
 i wonder if they studio lit.im not gone ask if i can smoke ima just light it and we can all find out together 
 @geccity nigga im from la  mentioning weed aint snitching. shit is like fuckim water to us
 sometimes i wonder how much crack kusd smokes 
 i live in a dorm full of smokers who never got a lighter
 my day doesnt truly start until i smoke
 left my blunt in my moms jacket and she wore it to work   she gone smoke my shit 
 is weed marijuana@rocioalba7
 if im buying a car my shit gotta have leather all inside that bitch. i dont want my car smellin like gas after i smoke.
 but do your weed man got the cash app
 colorado weed aint like no regular ass weed man.
 ima walk away   smoke amp play the game. gotta ignore the devil lol 
 let me smoke what you got man 
 i aint asking where the weed at
 lmao this dude gotta be a walking weed dispenser 
 the things id do for smoked butterscotch latte right now and some banana bread omg @dinaacee lmao
 i got kicked out of new albany junior year for having fake weed in my car this dude threatens and bites girls and he gets away fuck that
 @kygdds i have weed 
 @senwarren so there is nothing we can do he continues to b outrages and you all do nothing. been blowing smoke up our butt
 i shouldve got more weed.
 seeking reefer cdla recent grads in florida paid training  99 no touch freight miami  jobsearch hiring
 a couple decades worth of smoke one foot in the grave fam its no joke this past election they stole my hope go figure i need weed to cope 5
 @ryanhurd they really do smoke the good stuff there damn fortune tellers.
 lol so is it gonna be illegal to not buy government weed because im definitely not lol
 maybe you shouldnt have marijuana in your car while at school in the first place... 
 the government smokes regs  no wonder they hate weed 
 nothing nastier to me then girl or boy who smokes.
 bring me bahama bucks ill smoke a 3 gram blunt with you.
 but marijuana is still illegal  
 if i survive today im just gonna get my face pierced amp move to tahoe amp smoke more amp be a ski bum i s2g
 seeking reefer cdla recent grads in florida paid training  99 no touch freight miami  jobsearch hiring
 @peedapan happy mf birthday g wya weed and cool water on me
 that government marijuana that everyones freaking out over just looks like standard cheap weed from the midwest to me.
 i could smoke blunts all day long and never get bored
 no wonder the government hates weed  i would too if it looked like that shit. 
 @brandonkdreher weeds
 my brother whipped out weed like it was nothing
 hmmmm government weed  
 @joedamelch ....i knew how to do it before i even smoked...wyd with ya life
 we got the jimmy johns guy to come in and smoke a blunt 
 @jdunham41 nigga i smoke jimmy out like 90 of the time if i actually charged his ass id be like 2000 richer
 barnes is all for the legality of weed
 im truly disgusted by this snoopdogg i was a fan go play your video games and smoke pot. if this were obama. 
 @aimthegunt0her u barely smoke weed shut up lol
 everytime i step out to smoke the cat is clawing at the door to follow lmao bitch no
 @snoopdogg your a piece of shit   stick to smoking weed all day and being a loser
 who got the weed in a 4 block radius im dryer than a popcorn fart rn 
 i forget im about to be in north carolina next week  lol who got weed in charlotte
 @erinschuetz or you could smoke with me
 got my weed  but still no dutch..
 boy done left me with the weed backpack 
 @calibtalksfilms didnt even notice  though. her eyes amp the smoke are the main draw  so definitely still looks great.
 sativa smoke keep me woke
 if you break the hotbox you lose your right to smoke lmaooo
 tyler jackson wants to pitch on the weekends. throwing smoke. go tigers
 @saladinahmed @greatdismal government marijuana is the name of my new postfolk band.
 got any friends brave enough to come smoke with me
 shoot ya weed man if the dope aint smoking 
 this weed got my whole house stinking
 licensee may transfer retail marijuana ... to a medical marijuana licensee ... due to a change in local  state  or federal law...
 i smoke out all of my cars
 rushing to work earlier amp dun left my weed on the dresser amp shit 
 stages of marijuana 
 this smoked butterscotch latte is actually pretty delicious.  thats a little gay  phil.  if this is what cock tastes like  sign me up
 @pleasurablesins @liukangkicks weed outta fashion u wanna keep it a hunnid. 
 smoking medical marijuana vs smoking government marijuana 
 you can fall asleep with my jacket as a cover and wake up just to join me to smoke
 @kylemelancon its been a weird day for packages at our house. smoke  water  oil 
 starting april 1st  all healthy activities  no fast food  no sodajuice an most importantly no weed 
 nothings worse than boof weed and flavored rellos
 caught between im hungry and i wanna smoke
 we get it mark you smoke weed 
 @justabadazz @ejlandwehr @usagsessions i am using cannabis to treat crohns.  thc amp thca. thanks for you support.
 @seanbartley on nightstalker feels like that you have infinite smoke  monte carlo is so good 
 @ripdosia3746 i asked my ball buddy at the y today bout it   he gotta play d league to get that weed smoke out his lungs 
 when u at wally shopping for cali but you was reeferblowin in the parking lot hotboxing the whip 
 just got in new smoke odor exterminator candles and sprays new trippie hippie scent and restocks on lots of other scents too
 holy smokes great double jeopardy nice wager grant
 nobody gotta worry about me buy shit for them   no gas   no weed   no food   no shit .
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 theres nothing worse than when people come back to class from the break and reak of cigarette smoke 
 my dad deadass just found a way to blame my spine being curved on weed ...
 @kensiburks10 with smokes an rbi double for the lady bearcats @cullmancats @cullmansoftball
 you cant love flowers and not hate weeds.  v.havner
 who got weed out here man i got 4050 for you im in grapevine texas man wtf
 @kerrence aint even got a smoke ring
 theres nothing but weed at this festival
 man what kinda weed you be smoking yo  
 all the weed boys throwing shots at each other on my snapchat timeline
 when im in my car on a smoke break and look at the car next to me and the people are having sex right next to me
 when theres smoke... trumptaxes  
 my mom are you and janna gonna go smoke me yeah  en el nombre de trujillo
 while we are being smoke screened by  trumptaxreturns we gotta wonder what crazy things are happening behind the scenes.
 hold on i didnt do nothing im trying figured out what i did im lost on weed 
 @maddow tax joke started in 1952 as smoke amp mirrors scam. nixon called out opponent. not watergate 
 having remote start is sweet cuz i can warm up my car before i go smoke lol
 its just more smoke and mirrors garbage..sigh
 cause ive got one hand in my pocket  and the other is holding hand pie. @ sugarfire smoke house 
 nigga real live a hoe facetime me like u wanted smoke 700 miles away on allah i gotta be better than the next man im trying better myself
 @ericboehlert ...theyre throwing smoke screens to get us off the aca. we need to stay focused.
 i just wanna smoke and nothing is going right 
 oh at sxsw2017 music when i say     smoke up my car yall say    btch you cant smoke in my car
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 i gotta double back money and it aint nothin like dat weed and that crack money
 i gotta double back money and it aint nothin like that weed and that crack money
 no wonder they hate weed they be testing some bunk shit 
 whos trynna smoke
 livepd but lets keep it that way lately it seems like the same old cop shows. two bit marijuana busts
 so i think the next step here is to smoke up ny manager
 i just got told i smoke to much ... i really gotta chill
 me and eli deadass keep throwing up and i swear its bc we havent been smoking weed
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 im high as hell    weed man be beyond blessing   on they gods 
 got a lil older  got a lil wiser. put the reggie down thats the wrong smoke
 never seen government marijuana  it looks like grass clippings 
 just found a 8th in a jacket pocket i aint put on in a min in its that it about to smoke this shyt
 dead spent 45 mins shoveling out my car just to get weed and a mcflurry lol
 smoking marijuana louder than a gun clap
 all my 3 rooms are clean i can literally finally sit back roll up smoke print out polaroids and play video games thank god 
 smoke a little weed but her ish together 
 she gotta smoke backwoods or atleast try and fucks with them.
 i smoke a million swisher blunts and i aint never coming downnn
 i would rather them smoke pot and paint than live on this fucking site.   too many eggs. 
 why you gotta do all that just smoke a blunt 
 free smoke in game pigeon 
 im bout to shed a tear this weed so clean and it taste so damn good got damn
 @havensmarie bittttch  you never smoked with me lol i tried for so long
 @greedyboye @saucefredo lmfaooooo bc he a gah damn weedhead
 just smoked so such weed she told are ass yall finished
 i aint smoke all day 
 if an officer shoot my dog the officer gotta get smoked on sight id be hurt. 
 finna smoke this blunt and forget about the fakes 
 government weed nigga this is schwag 
 dont ask me to smoke with you if you gotta whole bitch 
 idk wtf i just smoked im stuck in one place gone to the  and back 
 gotta weed out those seahawks fans somehow... 
 who trynna smoke
 my car smells ike weed  @50731kev
 @roxystriar wtf us government marijuana   takeyouhigher
 my room smells like kirstin  kim and i smoked a blunt.. i know nothing about marijuana 
 we were drawn from the weeds  we were brave like soldiers
 smoke a lot of weed but i could never forget ya
 i wanna preorder my weed but i know that dont exist and thats retarded lmao just miss the medical shops sooooo much 
 just remembered i left some weed in my dad car before i got on my flight over here that shit better still be in the car idc lmao
 whoever smoked my shit gone have to fight me cause i did not say u could smoke my shit
 gotta smoke something when i get back to the house. i already been up too long.
 i finished weeds. now what 
 aint nobody down to smoke yo
 this weed gotta be laced cuz this high too crazy 
 man smoke
 @lssmrls its hard man  ive been an insomniac   weed just helped   now life is hard
 seen some shit i shouldnt have seen so let me go smoke 
 my pac man keeps sending me inappropriate snaps and i gotta buy weed from this nigga today  i needa new plug
 i got ditched for weed lol
 i wouldnt smoke nothing coming from the government  the government 
 id want weed to be illegal too if all i had was that dirt the feds got
 perc land this morning gotta have some since i didnt smoke to get me going this morning
 damn i gotta go to the atm if i want weed 
 when you wit me mama say i aint gotta smoke no weed
 @soledadobrien and yet sessions still wants to demonize cannabis. i wonder how many pharmaceutical companies donated to his past campaigns.
 cause if you smoke my weed witout me then that means you gotta buy that shit
 ease up on the smoking and the buying and just live with the fact i gotta focus on my education then weed.
 number of medical marijuana users has quadrupled since liberals won election 
 number of medical marijuana users has quadrupled since liberals won election 
 use of marijuana is down over the past decade for eighth and 10th graders even as social acceptability is up  the study foundcellvpot
 for those of you with two wheel drive. spinning your tires at the light until they smoke gets you nowhere. slow and steady is the game.
 kinda like weed 
 ... to drive up price and lower purity of product. also  sessions made very clear that laxity on marijuana disgusts him. ...
 @muhamadsprophet sometimes  if i wake up before 8ish i hangout for a bit and smoke and crash around 10 to be energized for work dx
 i need some weed but not trying to drive who mobil 
 whats wrong with smoking weed @ fort lauderdale  florida 
 @shaunking i wonder where all the weed junkies are at.
 @tamilahren you would suggest locking up a black man for weed. you aint satisfied with how many poc are in jail ju 
 i smoke more than i drink water 
 @emzorbit @drdind @karoli wrong. under aca they cant even ask about health history other than if youre a smoker.
 now im fin smoke watch hunger games amp fall sleep
 girl u is my baby i gotta smoke some weed cuz girl ya drive me crazy
 @cmarq86 @nytimes my work colleague walks 5 mins every 30 mins for a smoke break  double the walking negates the adverse effects of smoking
 what the fuck i feel like i just smoked a blunt and got on some trippy shit
 the government smokes midssss
 @sneakbfinessin sound like he smoked some wrong shit in the past couple years
 i gotta smoke amp eat at da same time 
 i asked my dad if he was mad at me for my car smelling like weed and he told me no and then says you gotta do what you gotta do
 smoking weed riding dodgeing feds cause im hard headed
 and whats crazy is white pornstars do coke in their videos  but she gets caught for weed possession.  
 tryna do good shit for my body an smoke blunts today
 @davidcorndc.holy  smoke chineamp russian invasion in the making amp not even a cover up while our reps.are sitting on their duffs.out with them
 give the nigs a place to smoke cause its too cold to be in the car 
 the government is gonna start lacing weed with some brainwash type shit like in those dystopian books everyone is s 
 if i aint smoke weed i would be a millionare
 @caseynewton dating sites could weed out of a lot of folks with a captcha
 no one had figured out yet that if we have legal access to marijuana that we all might be laid back enough to not care about 45
 us senate warning smoking reefer may cause your child to listen to jazz music and speak to colored people.
 i just finished 8 seasons of weeds idk what to do with my life anymore 
 amazing the resourcestax  being wasted on this fakewiretap issue.   russian ties smoke screen hook  line amp sinker @angelarye
 but enough of that mushy shit. its windy asf outside and im trynna smoke wtf
 idk why snoop dogg should be a role model for children he raps about smoking weed idk what your white 5 yr olds are doing but teach them
 no weed tho i gotta stay clean ok zooted
 1. on msnbc this am  there was a piece on children sleeping through the sound of a smoke detector. that same information was proven several
 i smell reefer.......gotta be close to willies ranch lucktexas luckreunion outlawcountry partytime willienelson
 never went to the atm never got the weed 
 i wonder if life smokes after it fucks me
 wish i had someone to smoke with atm im in so much pain 
 you trynna smoke  lol 
 when i find out people smoke in their cars and house im like water u doin
 aesthetic selling weed at the mcdonalds drive thru
 enjoying a debonaire with phil zanghi and the gang at blue smoke  dallas. @ blue smoke of dallas 
 when the drinks all gone amp the weeds all done..
 we gone smoke right 
 @marysadler19 @rollingstone really  @usagsessions  you clearly know nothing about marijuana.  the benefits serve our sick. drop the minutiae
 you know if you tip the z in lorenzo on its side it becomes lorenno.  drops ninja smoke bomb and disappears
 @dirtycockboy the answer i got when i asked a nice boy how much some weedt would cost
 i can guarantee sessions has never ever used marijuana    @yahoo 
 when ya manager smoke with you so you dont gotta worry bout this  
 step one smoke the dank kush step two proceed to suddenly decide to clean up and dust and organize laundry step three eat some doritos
 i knew you smoked crack. 
 not your traditional smoked filled room precinct 6 caucus at the moose lodge. 
 if these niggas play the will get smoked like i fuccing newport
 i wonder if life smoke after its done fucking me
 i wonder if life smokes after its done fucking me
 i always forget weed is illegal
 smoke a lil weed but i still got my shit together
 fuck the doctors ima smoke all my weed
 whats the point if you not gone smoke  
 when you take ya laundry out the dryer and the shit still smells like weed 
 i wish i got these texts can we smoke..
 hit my line. if you aint in shit  if you tryna smoke 
 twitterinthewildwest wifi smoke signals 
 did i pick the wrong episode to smoke this blunt for 
 alcohol never made me get all paranoid and i have a few friends that got stds from injecting weed 
 i been off since 5 and im just now finna smoke... this aint me cuz
 you smokes in your apartment me  an intellectual hot boxes my car in a starbucks parking lot after studying over spring break
 if i smoke this blunt   girl im go forget you . i aint even playing tho
 yall alcoholics gotta stop talking bout us marijuana smokers lol
 double honeycomb  water pipe. @ riverside smoke shop 
 and the cops got to it.. what a waste of weed smh  
 now you gotta smoke the whole purse 
 @imikeolie i just be lost like why are we smoking crammed up in a car if we gonna let all the smoke out
 hit the weed n gat hella hungry
 aint shit to do in college but smoke and sleep
 feel like kawhis slow descent to stardom was merely a smokescreen to throw us off the alien scent. 
 feel like kawhis slow descent to stardom was merely a smokescreen to throw us off the alien scent. 
 looking out the window waiting on the weed man like a lil boy waiting on his daddy to pull up for a play date.
 watching undergroundwgn @wgnamerica. do not call  do not text  do not send a smoke signal...just dont do nothing 
 @sampsonstarkwea @missmargoprice its called weed
 insane in the brain  smoke a lot just to maintain
 happy birthday @cousinstizz  we riding through la on some new endgland shit  backwood smoke amp suffolk county on play .
 happy birthday @cousinstizz  we riding through la on some new england shit  backwood smoke amp suffolk county on play .
 we got hennessy and a whole lotta weed 
 they say marijuana stimulates and enhances the capabilities of the human brain. this is about to be a bomb ass essay then 
 holy smokes and hes a doctor 
 @natesucio i rarely be sipping id be celosa if you got free weed
 watchingholdingtrading dgaz jnug uwt cnz.v aepp ecez plsb amp a bunch of maryjanes for dead weed bounces off main supports.
 go smoke some weed nigga depression aint real just stop being sad you on some weird shit 
 @sophieguts miss u too b  wanna smoke one of these days and go to famous daves afterwards
 kb in 30 mins we got smokes drank allat slideeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
 we was gone smoke wit yahh 
 if my girl is getting jumped im be heated because why she out here without the steel knowing she got smoke is beyond me.
 got locked out my own house  but i got free weed
 ive seen a lot of females lose a lot of weight due to smoking weedltltlt
 my girl gotta smoke gas 
 alls i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed  nothing too drastic.  
 calling marijuana only slightly less awful than heroin is objectively wrong and a huge disservice to the many benefits of the plant.
 gotta listen to a girl smoke crack and talk about her life
 also weed being illegal sucks
 i gotta smoke or i think toooo much
 cant smoke indica no more man. shit be havin me dummy
 i have this sinking suspicion that josue secretly smokes cigarettes
 and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 brown eyes and lungs are filled up with smoke fast lives are stuck in the undertow but you know the places i wanna goo cause oh oh oohh  
 i got some niggas with nothing to lose  5 bands will get you smoked  on my brother life
 ppl here are so friendly. dude just bought me weed because i told him we aint from here
 it is the weed  the weed indeed it is.  dr. 420euss
 after @ktvu briefs us on their upcoming marijuana report  they play rick james as they break for commercial
 @berner415 man i smoked some shit you gave an engineer that was insane. you real as hell giving everyone some gas when they down.
 wow i always smoke this time of night and watch beyonc music videos why
 from now on i only date girls that smoke
 honestly marijuana is so common that i forget that its illegal
 i wonder how kentucky weed is
 barely smoke now and never was too much into drinking cause yall bitches look thewww and by 21 i gotta b that bitch
 what kinda weed were you smoking 
 ugly ass weed man i shouldve ddtd his ass
 the weed man up 
 lmao. gotta be some good ass weed 
 im really tryna shoot my shot with my weed man but im afraid of him
 i wonder if the weed man up 
 both i barely smoke anymore 
 gotta smoke again i got shit to do
 i got faith in my weed man 
 nigga its snoop dog. he aint ask to be labeled a role model he just trynna smoke his blunt and do wtf he wants ho 
 if you got a kid and still smoke weed wyd
 @theslumpgod shes gotta be chillin with smokey hittin somethin crazy  
 fit ass weed smoker  bri.  that gotta ring to it.
 im only woke cus i aint smoked 
 @ryswan @mrloon3y im in a 3v3 chall vs smoked rn
 @mlgtarzan im in a 3v3 chall vs smoked rn just started
 i like mark cuban as a presidential candidate in 2020  hed smoke president trump easily...cuban2020
 @goodmanespn smoke on the water  best bbq brisket in the game.  additionally blueberry frog for some post dinner froyo will get you right
 how you a weed man and aint got no damn weed  
 then finally got my stank ass in the shower  got out smoked a blunt watched some shameless and slumped before mark got home from work lol
 @sentedcruz you also need to keep promise on term limits. up in smoke  like most politicians promises.
 i buy from my weed dealer every other day and i just realized i never got his name.. 
 i just got the smoke weed everyday part in the next episode correct. today is my day.
  ya you gotta smoke w jessy and i 
 the doctor asked me did i smoke   my dad amp i both looked at each other 
 @jonnyoreg marijuana makes you hungry and chill af  herion is like being wrapped in gods warmest blanket. no one wants to be hungry.
 plfacts if youre using marijuana  be smart  its still illegal in ga. smoking it in the car  
 come paint a blunt and smoke a masterpiece with me this saturday  18 march 2017 reserve 
 and bitch if i smoke this blunt then im gone forget chu 
 the moment they ask you do you smoke at the doctors 
 whhhhaaat   they the only blunt i can really smoke or  im smoking papers 
 im trynna smoke with  some girls today.
 gotta smoke tsss
 shoot ya weed man if the dope aint smoking 
 im rolling big ass woods  gotta smoke all this weed before i leave saturday lmao
 i think tyson is trynna smoke wme lol
 im trynna smoke on some shit like this with my niggas 
 i shoulda got some to eat before i had hit the road.. i done got hungry den a bitch just smoked a blunt smh
 aint smoked a leaf in a min 
 @realdonaldtrump the human body amp brain is wired to allow cannabis help fix the body. if the ag wants science its there to prove hes wrong
 @realdonaldtrump only you can show the ag how effective cannabis is today or i will just ask me. arachnoiditis is destroying my body pain
 jimin jus said fuck the little vocal he do got  he gone smoke a cigarette
 smoking weed for breakfast   i aint with the extra
 nothin to do except smoke and drive
 i swear man my tolerance so damn low. i smoke everyday so 1 blunt aint gone do shit for me 
 who trynna go on a lah date but u gotta be a smoker
 somebody called me talking bout i seen u on the corner smoking weed  yall gotta get a life
 smart kids that smoke weed  honor roll
 ian smoke a backwood in a lil while
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 when i put my wall of rello packs whoever kome smoke with me gotta sign the rello pack we smoked from and put it on my wall
 he said jamaicans have the best weed 
 people who smoke jays back to back all day gotta be smoking huff
 so my dad found weed in my car and yelled cs this the second time hes found it lol but i dont even smoke lmaooo
 cleaned my car out and found a whole jar of weed  im so happy 
 @cenobyte ... or at least painfree. you dont have to squint too hard to see the nefarious hand of big pharma behind demonization of weed.
 lmao government weed has a 13 potency  
 learning about cannabis uses for seniors with @villageconcept1 at @velacannabis 
 liquor. cannabis. sushi. and march madness. 
 lmao this is a role model for children and he is smoking marijuana im fucking dead yall hes been doing that lo 
 a weed is the right flower in the wrong place
 its just a weed  @ebreezzyy
 i hate it when aint nobody got no weed
 if you blowing out more smoke than you smoke then you aint smoking right.
 smoke weed  amp drink a lot of water 
 @flakkito787 she didnt believe me so she put it on the kitchen counter and when my dad walked in he said why is there weed on the counter
 dave gone have the house smoked tf out 
 goals for today clean my pipe  drink water  smoke w my sister and take a shower
 oakland go bragh uptown shamrock walk  seniors cannabis meetup  more  by @jettarae 
 i know this girl aint smoking weed and she pregnant 
 @ciaraxmb i call it  cause i met my boyfriend of several years looking for weed on a dating site lol
 me and bae got sum weed and we got the relo and he gon say sum put it in the air 
 @thegingerminj found this on tumblr and all i could say is poor ginger she just trying to smoke a cig and katya do 
 @maxokream wya you trynna smoke just got to austin
 just how that weed shit got started 
 some got jobs  some sell yay  others just smoke and fuck all day nahnanahnanahnahnaaaa
 i got this uber wreaking  marijuana smoking
 he say you diss him on my name we gone smoke you on the same day yea daddy allat 
 @glynncigars got any aok i guess you dont have to eat my children now lol @ blue smoke of dallas 
 aint smoked in 3days
 now i gotta smoke all this weed by myself 
 when your hungry and stuck in traffic and you realize the only food you have in your car is weed chocolate.
 only the ogs smoke dutches fym lol
 lol if aint smoke weed  i would of been spazzed out
 @darthmouth will do weedy
 watching paige smoke papers this hoe gone vacuum my car....
 if ya aint smoke in the backyard sometimes   are you even a stoner. 
 im a joker  im a smoker  im a middddnight tokerrrr
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking.
 i gotta pay 800 for smoking weed can we please legalize marijuana because this is ridiculous
 who got some smoke
 i was gonna smoke alone but miriam caught me lol
 i wonder if cole has gotten his weed yet
 kinda rather stay too myself  smoke alotta   eat good   amp fall asleep unbothered
 how is snoop dogg a role model for children  all his songs involve weed or alcohol 
 all i smell at blount everyday weed gd 
 @tuckercarlson tucker  she has benn smoking too much weed  she got saw dust for brains
 sk8 fast  eat ass  smoke grass outta glass  gotta blast 
 amp when i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 just got done rehabbing the smoker  and a little custom paint with help from karen and sara. 
 said they gone smoke that og me 
 who trynna smoke
 herb aint my man nomore he smoke cigarettes
 someone come roll a blunt 4 me so we can smoke it together ive got the rillos amp weed
 i befriended a fellow pot smoker at school today twas cool
 stop asking me for fronts if you aint got it dont smoke 
 lol a local photographer wants me to be a senior smokes model for the graduating class of 2018. bitch i look like a foot why 
 my fave episode of bobs burgers is the one where bob fires the kids and they start working on a weed farm 
 they aint never heard of weed festival 
 @lauschjack yeah or a smoke and a pancake
 i had a table tonight that left me a poor tip but they also left their weed on the ground so guess who got the last laugh me hits bong
 she do what i tell ha i got star power   smoked a blunt and got some head in the shower
 just gone smoke with my brothers tonight 
 got called a feminist for wanting to decriminalize marijuana today 
 gotta come home and smoke that trash weed 
 momyou guys cant get too wasted meoh cmon  mimi and papa know how to have fun momoh are you all gonna smoke some joints together
  then the smoke got me  i got bronchitis   
 @shelleynl hahaha there shouldve been a 420esque smoke break everyday at 311 lol start that trend 311
 smoke weed and drink diet coke
 my cousin asked me if i knew anyone he could order weed from 
 you ever smoke a blunt and eat hot cheetos at the same time cause it kinda burns
 government aint never making weed legal until they find a way to do less and charge more aka shit weed for odee guap
 i like girls who smoke  guess you could say i got high standards.
 i like girls who smoke  guess you could say i got high standards.
 i promise you tawan doesnt smoke for shit
 hell nahh that aint weed its valuable to them for them to match that white lmaooo 
 can we just sit in the car  smoke and talk 
 u know the sex good when u both gotta smoke a cig after lmao
 got blunt got weed
 i miss weed i aint smoked since monday 
 theyd get smoked  
 if you put vids of smoking weed on ya snap story im blocking you idc
 this bitch really just asked me whats the difference between weed and marijuana  lmfao definitely highhhh af
 i thought they smoked the flamingo out...and he got too high...these mfs actually little kids throwing rocks... 
 gotta smoke em away 
 boutta smoke some alchohol then its goodnight
 never met a punctual weed man
 im just trynna smoke before school man 
 i shouldve brought a blunt so i can smoke on my break
  its a weed rainbow 
 i cnt smoke nothing but a 1.7
 glad i got my personal smoke yesterday   ian gotta move today
 @kyleperrierrr ur my neighbor and we never smoke can you find whats wrong in these images
 @jayhawker318 @jordynashley97 precisely maybe a game of cards against humanity with the heinz family will weed out the rejects
 right the only thing that get smoked in my car is my dick 
 my ass gone be so boujiee when i get back to dallas . all the weed gone trash to me 
 smh i knew someone was gone smoke my shit i told bih to put my damn weed up next time i know better
 russia clap is clap a clap smokescreen
 drink irish  smoke jamaican  fuk brazilian model chicks on vacation  shag hot swedish girls on holiday thats the american way @raskass
 carleys law  he needed a letter from the federal drug administration giving uab permission to use cannabis oil in its study. the fda
 glad i got my personal smoke yesterday   ian gotta worry bout it today
 im bored as shit lol and i got no weed 
 dearmrpresident what in gods name will you pull next its all about you amp ur ayour money. we are not fooled by your smokescreens
 my weed man is loyal he dont lie to me fym 
 i smoke the green amp wear the orange @m2mckenna @taotaosalupa5 @bemetor @armyjon @daveusmc @2009superglide @darthodius
 flower season is starting early  even if it begins in a field filled with weeds and wildflowers flowers 
 we live in a world where brandon weeden and luke mccown have nfl jobs but not kawpernick.
 la la dope smoke   gotta get my mind right
 i aint smoke all day
 itsabeautifuldaybecause ive got all the weed i need
 this jamaican lady preaching to me telling me ganja is bad  but were cracking jokes
 day 62 left hand sketch smoke break . . . . . .  artforsale artist  illustration sketch 
 @simplyjxn smoke bomb and get out of there 
 i been this car for 11 hours im ready to smoke shit
 they asked why i aint wearing any green  told em cuz i smoke it in my blunt amp keep it in my wallet.
 she gone roll my weed and throw my hood up 
 nothing against marijuana  but i hope we all still say its just weed when our kids are smoking it too.
 no weed  no appetite
 i hate how people only associate bob marley with weed
 the 4 stages of marijuana kids ..  
 its only right i smoke a blunt or twenty with my brother. 
 your wcw gotta smoke just to have an appetite.
 so is drake really gone drop tomorrow or is he blowing smoke again
 @sirpatstew so how do i smoke the yellow @010the hmm lot of water and mixed with sparse smoke in bit format paper and shake to make a smoke
 that gotta be depressing... you gotta smoke just to eat. how you let it get that bad to where you have weed controlling your appetite
 nothing against uberlyft drivers that smoke cannabis in their cars but ill leave their cars feeling like ive smoked.
 shoot yo weedman if the dope aint smoking 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget about you
 @mia0 said imma smoke that green in honor of saint patricks day
 there is nothing wrong with smoking weed and there is nothing wrong with not smoking weed. do you bih
 why all my friends gotta be alcoholics  i just be wantin to smoke somethin an do fried shit..
 i knew i should have brought it with me an smoked in the car 
 lmao i be high but aint nothing like that feeling when you barely smoked 
 im sad but i aint gone cry cause im not a bitch so im just gone smoke and forget about oomf bitch ass
 the emergency is  we need to put all you goat smokers down. before you get to our little boys or girls 
 all this paper im chasinyou know them cars i be racin i smoke leaf with jamaicans me move the work like them hai 
 trynna drive around amp smoke a woooood
 im at the doctor and they asked me if i smoked.. my dumb ass said smoke what 
 i got some stinky weed right now
 what smokey gotta do with any of this lmao 
 absinthe and weed 
 @iapplemartennie lmaooo going to get some flowers to smoke
 hello frosty toronto good to be back in the big smoke and rewealthexpo tomorrow on stage at 
 this boy suppose to be a weed man but always got some going on 
 aint got no weed today 
 once im smoke this blunt im gone forget you.
 texas weed has nothing on springfield
 who trynna smoke a blunt
 @guccineverlose wya i need some reefer .
 smoking weed riding fast like this shit not illegal.
 happy st. patricks day i figured id smoke this greenbanded matilde oscuro to celebrate the 
 when a new patient says youre like an encyclopedia of weed 
 smoke alor weed but myshit together  
 @calebgreyacea fuck.. just be sure its right. but little weed and alcohol aint that bad if you got the game plan for yourself lol
 tell her play me ima smoke her boots  rt @xelanextdoor @uhhelaa is the biggest cheater in 8ball dont play her smh 
 lisa or the russians dont want any smoke. on dave
 shoot my own weed man if aint smokin
 lol @ @realsway asking @thegreatkhalid if he smokes weed
  exactly. real smokers dont gotta snap it 
 i gotta smoke to balance this out
 @kirktousaw back in the day  the globe called the cannabis law a ass  with dangerous hoofs. 
 ouu i smoked once today and i hope it aint do nothing to me  i really needed it
 create something you can be proud of. no shady business. no scams  no bs  no smoke  no mirrors. im proud of armored sound productions
 you got the weed damn right papa
 i dont understand why you gotta be 18 to buy dutches  but its illegal to smoke pot... like
 give the cute girls at the door of dada hot cheetos or weed. thanks in advance.
 swear i smoked a whole qp in the past couple days
 watching livepd ill bet sneades ace hardware is having a proud moment over weed
 when i feel sad i just gotta smoke and do my make up.
 everyones gone i can smoke a in piece 
 everyones gone i can smoke in piece 
 because i was in rotc and in practice couldnt smoke weed  anything involving weed particularly growing took on a nearmythical importance
 @signednesh i had smoked like two days before i aint even smell that shit no more lol
 i wish i gotta w2 for buying weed
 i didnt get to drink this st pattys day  but i found more weed  so i gotta lil bit of green today.
 livepd tip for the day  keep your weed and paraphernalia at home...not in the car
 trynna smoke trynna eat trynna chill
 he said i aint smoke in a day and lost it wit a baby rip like whos mans is this 
 i aint smoke since idk when  i need a pack
 lots of k9 use tonight almost as much weed livepd
 maan this chick said 15 mins its been 25 i couldve smoked more 
 guys who smoke.. yuck
 @notsadanymore and i cant even eat good food or smoke.. im miserable.
 michael morse doubles to rightcenter. smoked it  too. i have no idea what the giants will do.
 i got this joint rolled up im bout to smoke one up i got us just enough to get us both fucked up
 i aint smoke today 
 the populist smokescreen is long gone now. donaldtrump isnt even pretending to oppose goldmansachs anymore 
 yup   smoke a lot of gas and still aint forget that day  but its cool were all a lil crazy 
 @leylaaaaaaxa what crack did you smoke today leyla
 you aint gotta roll one baby you can roll a few... but i aint gonna smoke witchu
 holy smokes down by 12 to start  win by 20. we got jekyll and hyde in this game. marchmadness msuvsmia gostate
 @disneyland the dialog on this ride was hilarious to smoke weed to. i have pierced the wall of the oxygen atom i am so infinitely small..
 jr smoke ready to battle. @gocoastal @rebelselite 
 for a city known for being health conscientious  vancouver has a lot of smokers  yvr
 so weed is green.  saintpatricksday livepd
 @alilcreativeco holy smokes i used the wrong form of your im deleting my twitter
 niggas gone smoke they own granma 
 gotta love american spirits because they effectively double the length of my smoke breaks
  you louder than my weed  lmaooo 
 anybody trynna smoke
 damn i should of gone home and smoked
 some dude smoking a swisher at this venue rn  aint no weed in it. we know man  just put it out
 where the weed mans at in dallas 
 my car will smoke your car mindy  you son of a bitch 
 sometimes you just gotta smoke and listen to a good podcast
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget u
 livepd they smell the weed.
 comming from a guy that claims where smokes exist so does a fire your hypocrisy unfathomable 
 my weed man never disappoint me
 man she aint even gotta do all this. just buy me some weed amp pizza and ill be good 
 @smckerion13 if you smoke gotta know how to roll ijs 
 like the weedim a fiend girl i gotta have you like a molly i feel it all over my body 
 just smoked  got that rick ross album blasting in the room and playing 2k gtgtgt calm nights 
 gotta smoke w my girls when td
 i rarely ever smoke and lately ive been craving it am i depressed or sumn
 i should just go to my car and smoke it out . 
 my filet is smoking weed. yeah faggot  the steaks are high
 how tf i aint smoke that shit with @famousdex 
 i got picked up and i smoked at least 4 whole blunts. my mom asked why i smelt someones grandma house. bless her heart.
 @beaknit @shaneharris definitely weird  seems like a lot of smoke around flynn and the russians  more every day
 prob cus i aint smoked in so long 
 gang suppression team charge man with marijuana on illegal possession of body armor 
 moving into a new place  unpacking and found a brandon weeden jersey...covered in vomit  describes his browns tenur 
 gotta smoke beforeduring road trips by yourself  
 @theboogiemane did you smoke before 
 gotta cut back on the marijuana bc im trynna get thick
 tack smokes a double in the right center gap to make it 124 marshall. shes 3 for 3 with 3 rbi  a hr shy of the cycle.
 thats gone match tho not asked to get smoked out all the time lol 
 jake buser smokes this ball to right field. 
 man i was boutta smoke 2 gars wit deja ha bird ass falls asleep
 this the shit you play when you smoke a zip and up
 this dude came up to me and asked you got any rolling papers  i got weed
 im not trynna smoke this backwood by myself
 needta smoke summ
 liquid healmeal nosugar hemp latte with love  apparently 
 @kushandhoes got back  smoked  and went to sleep.
 i got to start cutting my weeds.   literally and metaphorically.
 smart kids that smoke weed  honor roll 
 this is totally a smokeweedstayinbedwithicedcoffeeandread kinda weekend. need to stay outta trouble most importantly
 how i got a backwood but no weed to put in it....  wheres the pluggggg
 now i can smoke with my man now  
 @chriscarlin unless  there is nothing truly wrong with him. smoke and mirrors.
 it aint the whiskey it aint the cigarettes it aint stuff i smoke
 who got weed in miami lol
 shoutout to hemp bball for being the classiest amp most respectful team in pa. it was never dull watching you guys play your hearts out.
 aint smoked in like 2 days 
 have you seen the martian from mjarsenal  on its way to cirrus smoke shop preorder now they 
 idk if i spend more money on weed or uber but i need both gone lmao
 my weekly supply has been delivered. when your weed guy also makes your bath bombs.  ganjagoddess findom 
 ready to get off work and smoke and i aint even clocked in yet
 i asked if she smoked and she told me no im smok
 i asked if she smoked and she told me no  im smokin up all the weed
 albies just smoked a 400 ft double braves
 @shanemcmahon i sthere anybody in this town who aint smoking weed  yeah me @kingmarliedave
 no like deadass im tryna smoke i got 5 on one lol
 @axstv @willienelson never smoke weed with willie again 
 @supabwe u dam near gotta smoke 81 joints now for balance
 you gotta smoke a blunt and listen to apple of my eye and think shit thru cause he was onto something
 bro i aint smoked all day and people keep asking me to drive places 
 now the smoke alarms is going off... they have already delayed the game due to the clock not working right about 3 times... worst game ever
 @taylorbrown60 right before i dropped my smoke and almost lit my car on fire  
 junkies smoked up. @1vldecks8bmg
 for the past few months i aint been myself.... done nothing but drink n smoke...
 @marcylauren @nancypelosi @repcummings @senschumer serve them smoked rat
 i just want an unlimited supply of marijuanas man
 hash is kinda like if weed smoked weed the tokegod  31717
 tryna smoke some with danny
 i aint smoked all day 
 yall gotta start prioritizing for real. how you got pot to smoke but not a pot to piss in
 @kwshepherd i think we all learned how to play johnny be good after smoke on the water.
 aye nah  but for real they gotta run free smoke back.
 this nigga drake got a song called free smoke he might be a genius
 finna smoke these blunts and forget about youu
 i wonder if i can put a stand up smoke sesh on my resume
 walked through the flames by my damn self. a lot of people left me then resurfaced once the smoke cleared.
 wonder how many dudes gone say free smoke now
 everyone is drrrrry  wheres the weed man
 see now i gotta smoke dope n sip drank in the shower wit all my chains on
 who trynna smoke
 ian smoked all day 
 follow bhtmainstage on snapchat for backstage shenanigans with the smokey joes caf cast
 the way free smoke comes in is so clean man i gotta get to this level of production
 oh my goodness  smoked a wide open layup to win it  what a game between temple and oregon ncaaw
 basically when free smoke beat dropped  i knew it was game over. 
 im playin free smoke when i walk down the aisle at my wedding
 the garden of weeden
 i read the title free smoke and knew that bih was boutta be fiya
 blasting chop suey on my car in marathons parking lot of my smoke break because i need to wake the hell up
 maybe i gotta smoke to it.
 tfw the medical marijuana exchange follows you.
 free smoke free smoke hidden hills where i post
 a little smoke on the water tempos heatin up weekendfun travelblogger vloggers homeiswhereyouparkit 
 free smoke free smoke hidden hills where i post
 my filet is smoking weed  yea faggot the steaks are high
 who got weeds
 you gotta smoke.... weed is the  
 lmao i pull up dude knew what we was coming for he said who need the weed i gotta blunt   like nigga what
 jesus ... our colored smoke game is weak ... 
 my dad called me to stop smoking in the car so he can go over there and smoke out all his primos
 im not even in dallas amp 3 people in the last hour just asked for a weedman
 who got the smoke
 gotta drive a damn hour for some weed 
 i wanna smoke a doob with kid rock in his camouflaged double wide 
 im def going to smoke after this double
 gotta smoke to passionfruit
 i was on that dusse and weed diet last night lol
 still aint smoke 
 new york drone film festival  in honor of all water protectors digital smoke signals via facebook waterprotectors 
 livepd why is he sitting there arguing about whether it smells like marijuana you have warrants.
 you got weed 
 i got no where too smoke fucking with this rain
 @primitiveco1 what if mine has cannabis oil
 @ users for 3v3 umg 1nd its me and smoked
 im  at how jake continued let alonzo train him after he made him smoke wet. training day wouldve been cut short fucking with me.
 the way drake says  free smoke drives me crazy 
 that smoke put me out goodnight
 our neighbors suck. start their 1975 car with no damn muffler  sit inside it and smoke  like a damn on going tornado.
 when you gotta baby on the way that you didnt know about but you wanna smoke. ok. 
 hears dr. phil me whatre you watching 10 yr old cousin 13 yr old crazy girl who smokes amp does drugs  but not the cash me outside girl
 holy smokes jones worldbaseballclassic sctop10 he said thats my ball dont sleep on dr though beisbol pelota dominicana usa 
 drugs cw   i just found out the skyrim weed mod got ported to xb1 and if it wasnt 630 mb i mightve downloaded it
 i only smoke drip yeah i need that dro if u think ima lick ima squeeze that .4.. and you gone fall  ya soul gone fl 
 free smoke got me wantin this game more and more.
 them shots got me smoked
 bout to go outside amp just smoke this whole pack dgaf 
 bout to go outside amp just smoke this whole pack dgaf 
 salty i aint got no more weed lol
 i got weed   you got bitches   they got drinks   ohhhhh its lit
 seems like i gotta smoke a lil more just to maintain
 finna smoke till i fall asleep
 gets pulled over 45 min outside sherman  drunk af  with lots odd weed amp paraphernalia in the car 
 @wilsondavidc you trynna smoke c day boy 
 the senior prescription how people  groups and products are broadening senior access to cannabis. greenstate 
 whos trynna smoke
 i need to stop ruining my body with smoke and alcohol but im not gonna cuz also fuck my body
 i just got smoked out at mcdonalds and got free food.
 @lanarain well if you want  because you know  youre cute and stuff. and yeah. uhh my paypal card got stolen  or smoked out...
 had a dream i smokes a blunt in the car with my grandma lmfaoooo.
 all of this turmoil between us and the liberals is bad but is actually a smokescreen to hide the worldwide disaster coming our way wake up 
 just posted a video @ got weed    weed california 
 @cnn american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 @foxn american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 @nyti american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 @nbcn american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 @hill american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 @potu american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 @vp @ american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 earlier photo of smoke showing @georgetownfire 
 @bbcw american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 american liberal in canada  advocating smoking marijuana homosexuality  destroying social ethics  betraying democracy  to reactionary
 smoke weed  amp  drink water
 matty has he got enough weed me no 
 smh this weed shit crazy i am so high
 got another audition over 60 days no smoke ampgym 35 days a week  religiously amp the hardest the diet..not bad 
 @allynpaul do you have any idea if this is a weed or something i should leave in my flower bed thelawncarenut 
 u have to cultivate focus. your mind is your garden. remove weeds. no pesticides. and dont forget to water it.  it  doesnt just happen.
 @onlyoneynic i got smoke nigga .. im finna pull up
 gotta smoke my wake up blunt.. 
 but you cant smoke it with me  you gotta roll your own. lol
 i done seen niggas tryn serve and i got sooooo weak like fool da huff b ridiculous i askem would u smoke dis
 i gotta get my @genius iq up so i can make an annotation to free smoke that no one has made yet.
 check out hemp amp heal. proud sponsors of highlife magazine @ the wynwood yard 
 you aint never smoked that jet fuel i got that from uncle snoop
 smoke good weed witta bad btch @kcamp427
 oc all stars  smoke  l5 large senior restricted coed 
 brandon weeden 2 
 @highoffnique wen i drive to az we gone smoke and eat
 not a smoker but had to photograph these pastel colored  i was gifted on this parisienne inspo 
 when i smoke too much my mind completely takes over and i go crazy its so insane i love it
 who got weed in dallas 
 when the drinks all gone and the weed is all done and all you got is me
 my manager would of hoped in tha car and smoked  
 @themikeinindy mikes feeling really bad right now. the irish got smoked and michigans in the sweet 16. mans game 
 woah dude. i just got a sudden burst of energy. im gonna finally reorganize my room  label my cds  clean my car  and start watching weeds
 nothing better than finding unexpected weed in your car 
 whats up with all that russian weed all over the united states
 uh...diaspora diversion pass the dutchie is so not about children singin weed  right cover my ass. its innocent black boy joy. 
 i really never gone to a weeding before
 bomb weed and hennessy
 i need a ninja smoke bomb gif for when the tl gets hot.
 im ma different breed they aint believe in me guess cause i aint had that weed in me
 deck smoke to end a great day on the hill. goodtimes goodsmoke 
 amp if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 this guy thought i had weed cuz i had power plant as my user name 
 what do you do if you have to pee in between when the nurse asked if you smoke and stuff and when doctor shows up
 im trynna smoke
 all out kings foreverlast. caldwellcigars @ blue smoke of dallas 
 this more life is kinda dissapointing but he was snappin on that free smoke
 jackson got smoked
 i rarely drink from the bottle but i smoke a little weeddd
 my grandpa just walked in from the bar and said i smoked broccoli.
 @keef @wakaflocka right...i said this earlier man... id smoke the shit outta that chicken lol
 who got some smoke
 i wonder how faded this will get me. ima drink it on a hot ass day when its too hot to smoke tho. 
 papers smoke too fast 
 love girls that smoke.. 
 gotta get surgery wednesday but im still screaming more life  free smoke free smoke 
 @skinnyspinz upd8 limes are in the coronas  cigar smoked and its like hot out
 dadumbway smoke 
 @leathershirts can we smoke a blunt together
 yay i dont have to hide my various weed paraphernalia anymore
 baby smoke it all i aint trippen i just reupped
 baby smoke it all  i aint trippen i just reupped...
 follow the smoke toward the riff filled land 
 yesterday some guy handed me @viceland rolling papers so i whipped out my weed and said  so you put this in there right lol
 need more friends in my life thatll smoke and paint with me man.
 she trynna smokee... and he trynna cuddle and im just trynna eat my mf pizza
 lmaooo deadass. hits 711 down the street and smokes the blunt on the walk back to the crib  
 i smoke up a whole onion aint no gas for the low
 michigan st. getting smoked has me rethinking things about big ten. maybe teams exist independently of the other teams in their conferences
 you know youre in colorado when you can smell that ganja when you step out of your car 
 aint that shit like you mix with weed 
 ur mcm smokes out of plastic bongs.  sometimes make out of water bottles.
 ur mcm smokes out of plastic bongs.  sometimes made out of water bottles.
 to beef with me you gotta be on some you shit. i literally go to school  smoke my weed and mind my business lmao
 sayless smoke 
 legalizing weed how uruguay tripped up  macleans.ca 
 sumbody match it im in de aint smoke all day lol
 @cjguala hell naw woods aint right wtf im supposed to smoke out now 
 aint smoke all day..
 ttdpm2017 after party had to stand outside due to smoke but it was fun ttdpm2017 @ habanos 
 the @lfr95 over the wall gang has smoked their stops this year. lightning fast. 
 trump administration signals new war on drugs  crackdown on marijuana use by @atrupar 
 dont say you got the pressure all you gotta do is spark it  good weed sell it self you just gotta find the market.
 @illex lil bit  probably. she also never smoked  rarely drinks.
 corinne can you smoke crack out of a pipe
 just lack the smoked plexiglass cutting the vinyl and the diy led sign for the tropical maniac 
 ya ol man gone get smoked 
 stingrays they asked for southern smoke  you want it we got it. whos last place  me tagggg not it 
 bones they got the money and they got the dough  me broke and i smoke so you know i need both 
 aint smoked since the day i got back in town
 preaching to allie why weed shouldnt be illegal.
 @hockeygods because the linesmen smoke crack before games
 i wonder how much weed ive personally consumed lol
 i only smoke nothin but fire 
 lord i gotta smoke while watching this game 
 practice or smoke  this hard 
 rolling on a little smoke earlier this evening. 
 day 3 and still no weed and hot cheetos
 after i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 just finished eating. time to smoke and watch golden girls til i fall asleep..
 i gotta stop smoking so much really smoked a o in a week 
 @kmwarchol @gwennasaurus we have a fire extinguisher.   actually got the torch because pan searing causes too much smoke.
 when the smoke clear who really gone be here
 they got all these damn gars no weed.. wtf
 i aint have nobody to smoke with this weekend 
 bruh i cant smoke before i do a shoot at night my ass be gone and so out of it 
 i remember lily allen had a puppet video and the puppet was her brother smoking weed  fapping and playing video games all day
 is there a girl that exist that dosent smoke..
 happy weed  never knew how much i loved the earth
 des somebody gotta eat the weed  me 
 a lot of weed  good food and some body to rub on 
 my body feels like ive been at the gym all day... and i got smoked pretty bad earlier
 @boobieboytx who got that sack out here  i aint smoked a blunt since i left dallas
 just trynna smoke amp sleep
 debating whether or not to smoke this blunt
 whos trynna smoke
 i got weed too
 im 23 years old my moms known that i smoke weed for damn near a decade now. never changed shit
 where is pedro amp yara with the marijuana . 
 shoot the weed man if the dope  aint smoking 
 i smoke too much i barely get high smh i need a break
 i smoke so much bc mfs done stressed me tf out. my nerves will never be the same  they just gone get worse when i have kids smh
 traditionally smoking weed.
 @manojmohan107 oh  i dont smoke.. so u hv an option... follow it.. it may help you.. 
 @smokepurpp no smoke got me going crazy
 im trynna smoke
 its 2017 we just roll up and smoke whats a match  when all yo potnas smoke just like you yall gone learn
 yall ever burp smoke.. 
 finna smoke and go back to sleep i aint got time for the bullshit
 ok i gotta smoke before i eat 
 seniors guide to cannabis the people  the places and the products. greenstate 
 i like to smoke weed but it aint a habit
 @kelechinjoku2 @aok4justice @louisfarrakhan when we smoke cocaine why does it negatively it our children they smoked nothing
 @kxnomorningrush als patients could benefit from cannabis compounds  thecatch dwightclark boom cte als
 @mudhike setting up a smoke signal
 nothing like cedar smoke... 
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking.
 aint nun worse than finding out the girl you like smoke cigarettes 
 anybody in the music biz know why artists sometimes arent listed as features when clearly featured i.e. nai palm on free smoke.
 i had two weird jobs so i could never go on spring break. i had to feed lab rats amp grow marijuana for the government nutrition professor
 aint smoked a blunt in 8 months but i miss that shit a lil but i aint going back to doing it ..
 ski mask or smokepurrp 
 now that the smoke has cleared  whats next for gennady golovkin his win this past weekend has 
 the weed gone 
 were 30 mins into joint cmt on marijuana policy hearing  and no mention yet of child safety or youth prevention mapoli
 . . i wonder if i lock myself in raven bathroom and smoke will these kids come harassing me 
 i agree @mahogany1992 @realdonaldtrump has been proven he is a liarcomey is giving us a lot of smoke but it doesnt 
 zj left his whole joint in my car and im finna smoke it 
 found weed in the bathroom today ig spring break aint over yet lmao
 my car doesnt get dirty it just gets filled with watergatorade bottles and extra paper boats to roll weed 
 damn i cant smoke nomore until my next court date  but fuck it i gotta choose weed or jail.
 man i fucking hate this kinda weed  got me trippin out so hard
 call the weed man tell him bring another zip yea ik he just left he gotta make another trip
 that aint weed 
 i hate a mf that be gone off the weed
 they are ranning for their lifes smoke bombs. 
 in china  sichuanspecial local food smoked sausageat midnight  hungry hungry hungry 
 ive been sick af for the past 5 days  i cant smoke  my wisdom tooth is piercing my gums causing excruciating pain. can life get any worse
 this man said   dr. jekyll in my weed bitch i stay hyding it    coldest shit ive ever heard
 comeyhearing in recess. many cigars are being smoked  calls made home  hill is going to be president yay
 i left a blunt in the ashtray at kia house i wonder if one of them smoked my shit
 you not really about this weed shit if you aint never own a whole box of these.       
 q the russians interference in the us election had no impact on the outcome  comey correct.  shut this smoke screen down. its over
 i would say and a blunt but i aint smoked in so long imma be too geeked up fuckin shit up lol
 oh shit this car almost flipped in front of me im just tryna smoke in my backyard
 i wonder if life likes a good smoke after it brutality fucks me up the ass
 doctor  do you smoke or drink  
 coffee and weed is bomb
 ill get ya block hot 50 shots out this ak you diss on my name you get smoked on the same day
 gotta appreciate a man who appreciates a smokey eye shoptalk17 sephora
 the greenandyellow awning that reads josephs steakhouse is drenched with water  obscured by smoke.
 dick money weed water. the 4 elements.
 hella found out sam and i have the same weed dealer and i popped up during their exchange asking for and eighth. shocked he was. 8th i got 
 testing out smoke bombs for photo shoots . . photography photographerlife photographer 
 what kinda flower is that on your arm it looks like a weed
 .@josh00232 correct my body is glitched from a gentlemans duel with anorexia  so im rarely hungry if i dont smoke marijuana 
 if i found out desiigner smoked crack everymorning i wouldnt even think twice on it 
 im not gone smoke all week
 donny throws more smoke in an attempt to divert. 
 dearmrpresident your smoke and mirror tactics failed. u make americans embarrassed. u think marlago doesnt have listening walls
 i wonder if i smoke 5080 of my days is there still smoke in my body when im not inhaling it 
  @norml didnt mention that opiate users are not allowed to use cannabis. tsk. patientsnotaddicts   the unheard .
 got my ass sniffing around cause i aint smoked today so im lost
 reporting from hempstead. couple accused of scamming more victims in bk  qns amp li using stories of sick children. 
 smoking weed riding fast like that shit not illegal
 got weed 
 shoutout to @drinkbaitoday ive started officially fasting on water for 72hours no weed  
 plug says yea we live in la but we gotta house out here. get into marijuana dealing she aint say it like that but im hip. 
 @reformedbroker seems like a lot of disfunction. where theres smoke
 someone panted a giant bull blowing smoke on a wall 
 dudes really commenting free smoke under this lmaooo 
 @osoarroganticey yea g lol but now im so bored and lonely all i do is work smoke and play the game smh
 there is lots of smoke on the russian ties to the trumpcampaign prior to election now lets see what the fbi come up with the premier law
 my grandma you girls would never do drugs right @mikaelapassero  nooooo weed never do that 
 gotta smoke with tommy chong one day.
 all i gotta do is smoke amp waste time
 who in dallas gone smoke me out lolol
 im just trynna smoke and nap   are you down
 who gotta pool i got smoke
 let me take another choke of reefa smoke i gotta roll up another and another 
 when the weeds so heavy you forget theirs 2 dime piece baddies next to you  
 can we just hangout smoke a blunt and fall in love
 this is a whole nother weed  @alexisstevens14  
 when the weeds so heavy you forget theres 2 dime piece baddies next to you  
 my daddy asked me was i selling weed out the house 
 smoke so much weed i forget this shit is illegal 
 5mo inti robocall maj govt harpy made bob paulson rcmp comm. nigel wright actexplan  more ques than ans.  looks like smoke 2 me amp mirrors
 lmao all i wanna do is smoke  play fifa  race cars  or go exploring  if you arent with it then im not the right man for the job
 never try a smoked butterscotch latte from starbucks. its awful.
 got some chairs and a table for my patio   big smoke sessions since its getting hot
 go smoke some weed and leak the video of it so you fall to the eagles at 14. 
 @tuckercarlson just smoked @ericswalwell exposing the real hidden liberal agenda and hypocrisy @foxnews
 damn ian fw oomf in a min  he dont even smoke nomo i see 
 roll a 40 in the honey berry  aint smoke these in months shit hittin smooth 
 while hes having a smoke.. and hes also a crab 
 so did anyone figured out the writing credits danny brown had on free smoke i have the hook more than likely.
 on soul jachob be lacing weed bra  im telling you it be some wrong 
 negative my ass sister.. smoke another piece of crack..  
 happy spring dont forget to water the flowers  amp pull the weeds ownyourfuture naturallife 
 they got undercover cops on campus asking all the niggas if they got weed smh
 do you know how much weed this bitch just wasted wtff 
 all people do is smoke and drink  and i just think it gotta be more to life to only have that in common
 @relatablerepub dont forget smoker
 twenty one pilots and ill fall and ill break and ill fake  me marijuana 
 sometimes i forget marijuana is illegal in other states.
 @mmflint maybe because your ignorance is beyond comprehension maybe if you opened your tiny mind both you and pres obama lay off the weed
 who got a glass pipe i can smoke the lords lettuce with cant find mine.
 @gregdoucette i dunno  id feel better with some legislators if i knew they were smoking weed
 ft33dallas chefmattmccallister dessert lineup starts with an olive oil cake and smoked orange 
 aint smoke yet 
 them all you do is sit around and smoke weed all day you aint really getting no money  me well..... weed aint 
 we get it you drive and smoke
 got me a drink and got sum smoke im good. ow
 like a 3rd   4th  or 5th date. i gotta really be comfortable for that. and no smoke please.
 original 1992 gary groman dead serenade poster available at smoke signals smokesignalslv 
 @countonryan man  fuck that...i would rather allow another team play if we gonna get smoked or lose the way we did...still pissed over that
 steph aint want no smoke tonight the brodie brodieszn thunderup
 a lot of pain in my body got me smoking marijuana
 waiting for my girl to get out the shower so we can smoke together via ft  were so washed it aint even funny...
 i got weed 
 i still aint get past free smoke
 gotta smoke before i go sleep
 sometimes you gotta drink   smoke and talk to god 
 gotta smoke a blunt tonight cuz my mom broke my rig and my bong  thank you so much love you too girl
 aint got nobody smoke one and pour wit me
 we want all the smoke..
 its a mission trynna smoke a blunt while your sleeping over an aunts house
 celibate... no wood  no weed  fasting
 @dagenmcdowell i fell in love with you figuratively on imus. you are smoken hot  smart  strong. just what i raised my daughters to be. tx
 i swore my momma i would never smoke weed again. gotta keep my word 
 way back did i not say as my life u lose fall into spring as summer becomes fall on those experiment in smoke n pyrovaporized polar epic
 when you smoke  eat then fall asleep...fuckkk love it and hate it
 itll be a damn shame a nigga gotta come all the way to the field for some smoke
 wale rarely get smoked on features
 truly feel im the coldest alive  all i do is work  focus and strive. split a swisher  smoke a fatty imma smoke this and drive
 duuuuude.....this clip is so deep i has to go outside amp smoke a cigarette.....damn dave. you got me again mindblown 
 sometimes i get so hungry i gotta smoke just to get my mind together enough to find something to eat.
 got weed but nothing to roll in it 
 kobie got my car smelling liike weed 
 facts im still high the weed out here aint no mids
 you aint never smoked that jet fuuueelll pressure
 im gone miss weed 
 ill be away from my desk this week. smoke signals will be your best way of connecting in the 
 @socialmktgfella what if we treated alcohol families the way we treat cannabis families imagine how busy child protective services would be
 @socialmktgfella this is the basis for why we exist cannabis families
 shucking and jiving smoke and mirrors democrat shade for divisiveness fear mongering bordering on seditious behavior 
 my nightmares got more vivid when i stopped smoking weed 
 shoot ya weedman if the dope aint smoking .
 i heard hed stopped smoking weed  but apparently not 
  should of stopped and got a rello. but i figured i wasnt gone wanna smoke 
 the face you make when all of you just got finished smoking weed amp now your standing next to the 
 amp if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget chuu
 aint nothing like smokin weed in the morning
 @boishort lol you would turn my tweet into something weed related
 we smoked and got high amp caught each other vibe
 i got ur main bitch on her knees amp she gon be rollin up all my weed
 imma just smoke after class cus i got a whole midterm to present
 he said you dont gotta wake up to ya clips smoked  
 had the window cracked like 2 inches to smoke a stoge and a garbage truck drives by me and flings water all inside my car wtf
 boutta watch this dave chapelle special and kill some reeferrrrrrr
 i got faith in my weed man
 that smd shit aint cool amp ya mans on stage if he wanted smoke he wouldve got off 
 glowgtportlandgtfree smokegtsacrifices
 rep. wilsons amendment to allow a seizure treatment medication derived from cannabis passes. its currently pending fda approval. ksleg
 chronic pain has made my daughter suicidal.  mother advocating for medical marijuana. 
 sooooo im about to smoke my rental out bad idea ribjt@
 i wonder what planet these government officials on or what type of weed they smoking 
 mechanical weed control on agday2017ipm no training necessary. extendimax 
 if it aint weed it aint me
 im trynna smoke 
 i just want to smoke a blunt with you in the video 
 jordy nelson could play a football game with broken ribs and you cant smoke 
 just bought some gum from 711  the store clerk asked me did i wanna buy some cigarettes too.ive never smoked them shits a day in my life
 aint smoked alll day not even a wake and bake and i feel amazingggf
 they shouldve been smoked negan. a real nigga wouldve.
 this guy has to be related to mike weed. @jmeyer126 
 got a weed cookie and some weed lmaooo bout to be highhhhhh
 i shouldve smoked a blunt before coming in because i know somebody gone irritate me
 my mom bought this bomb in a car stuff to get the smoke smell out of my car and theres literally so much smoke coming out of this can
 cannabisfamilies pot4parents i have been saying since you guys were voting about social cannabis last year in den 
 aint neva smoke to the mfs a day in ya life 
 i would idk its just weed to me the most they gone do is laugh eat then pass out. no harm done. 
 damn man i got that smokers cough
 ill give you the swisher amp the weed you gotta google how to roll it
 when your house a dead zone so you sit in the car and smoke
 its sad the government is more worried about locking up people who smoke weed compared to rapists.
 i roll the best weed cus i got it going on
 gotta smoke a roach joint no matter who u is
 well deserved after a long day on the trails at great smokey ... gotta get up to get down  photo
 we gotta weed through the lames 
 a weed is but an unloved flower. e.w.wilcox.   author
 why do i know barely any girls that smoke
 this smoke i blow these booze i drink these shrooms i eat these pills i pop when i find what im searching for i truly wonder if i will stop
 jolene lake  resident  against having marijuana dispensaries..3000 feet is a long way away..could include buck moore rd or in shopping ctr
 sometimes when im confronted i laugh nervously  throw a smoke bomb  and bolt out the door.
 idk how crack works but id smoke the whole gram or whatever they do for 10 mill fym 
 @mediaactive  right no smoke for me. left handbook for you.
 im hungry af and want to smoke
 days with no weed and no work are just pointless and awful
 jimmy butler aint want no smoke 
 im just trynna smoke
 got to start smoking weed again to calm me down i be outta line sometimes
 my apartment called and asked me if i knew anything about marijuana smell in our building
 home from vegas  watching hoops. not the same without a scantily clad smoke asking if i want a cocktail.
 when you smell the weed through your body 
 i literally never smoke anymore amp today i got high from 3 hits
 @kelseeynicoleee dont forget sad party is this friday doesnt cost nothing but a smoke to get in 
 @emptywheel @mediadiscounter spoken like someone whos never smoked crack.
 so long old crappy weedy yard and old ugly steps. zeon and wood steps is where its headed. 
 getting our smoke on for our @graybar counter day tomorrow featuring kleintools  see you there 
 im trynna smoke fat ass blunts right now
 i smoke so much weed  i forget the shits illegal
 i gotta enjoy you without sex or weed. i gotta feel a genuine connection. 
 i wish i had a endless strain of this weed i got right now  i love smoking this shit
 what kinda satanic demon is smoking weed in these weather conditions
 i wasnt gonna smoke today but @sheslulu posted a new video... i gotta get lit with my homie tf
 holy smokes gotta love good handoffs 
 on my soul  thank you ol man we gotta smoke one soon  
 fr smoke you out  but gotta let me have aux 
 never forget i was smoking in a loft amp niggas whipped out some coke to snort i dead dipped. im not gon get caught smoking weed next to coke
 lmaooo i just sent wya you still wanna smoke to my mama 
 i need to smoke and watch this new dave
 sometimes i forget weed even smells like anything lol
 @ravertooth smoked a pipe in your colors... wonder if ill grow sabers now.
 cmon folks  where theres smoke theres fire.....this is a freaking inferno.  folks need to wake up....@gop...um.. 
 lol some niggas u gotta roll the blunt tight on specially them niggas that smoke like a vacuum cleaner
 if he dont pull up wit my weed in the next 2 mins hes going on my blocklist 
 jimmy smokes. i love brad because hawt  but damn i miss leyland and his weirdness.
 finna drive out real quick getta couple things probably smoke.
 when life is good your weed is bomb and you man loyal  
  you my nigga smoke summm
 nahhh ive been walking a lot more lately. distributing weed.. i dont have an appetite like i used to idk. more hungry for the take off ufm
 i smoke a fat pound of grass and fall on my ass faster than the fat bitch who sat down too fast
 still gotta 8th of this jesus og and cant even smoke it
 young gustavo  smoke cubanos  out in cabo with the next top model
 bitch i came here right here w the bounce amp if that aint enough i got some weed
 but usually when i smoke around this time ... i gotta vibe to rampb
 damn i gotta stop smoking weed
 all i need is bru n weed bru n weed...
 @captainkoreyy id smoke a lot more if i knew 
 retired the smoke life tho  aint wit it  unless im really stressed
 missing the devil horns and the smoke coming out of the ears. gotta be extra or it aint worth it. 
 who trynna smoke
 @mikaelamonet me when mikaela smokes 
 down the hill smoke seshinsta@friedguy  california smoke 420 weed marijuana music hill sesh day 
 gotta smoke just to sleep 
 i aint smoked all day im losing my mind
 an unlimited supply of weed would be great
 gotta smoke one just to sleep
 this dude got more weed than i do wtf  
 allllll the weed i could of got
 pussy that taste as sweet as the weed i smoke wya  
 cant even smoke because i aint got no blunt 
 free weed  been getting real blessed lately
 from smokestacks to stardom evgeny kuznetsovs roots beyond the urals   wonderful article i recommend reading it
 i love ice water while im smoking weed
 @ketaminesavedme i heard her whispers these past 5 yrs and i dug to get her back.  i suddenly had a major upshift one weird weed.  and got
 i get fried so my nigga gotta be a smoker too lol
 if you smoke her boots and she bold enough to answer her phone you gotta wild out.
 really the bay aint had one down fall from legalizing weed yet.......prison system just trying to make money feds to
 @sunnytailor i was fine but mom got the house remodeled due to smoke damage.
 got rellos. who got weed 
 from smokestacks to stardom evgeny kuznetsovs roots beyond the urals 
 10 obo im just trynna smoke bro 
 so eating pussy  smoking weed no wonder i never get sick and stay looking youthful  @ 
 im hungry and im bout to smoke so im bout to be even more hungry
 ima take a 30 smoke some weed and forget all this shit. ....
 noooooooo dont leave yet  we gotta do yoga  and smoke bag... hella bag  
 gotta smoke weed to get the day started.
 really weird when people i knew from hs show up at my store in their pajamas reeking of weed before noon to buy a video game
 if only weed wasnt  illegal  .. 
 backwood pre rolled you gotta smoke this 
 the son of man will send out his angels  and they will weed out of his kingdom everything that causes  . . . 
 who trynna smoke 1x
 @amazingatheist it worked for me when nothing else did. no scare tactics  just talks about why we smoke.  check it out
 my mom really thinks im gonna be some sort of junkie off reefer lol what kind of far left liberal are you maura
 cop just searched the car cause it smelled like weed aint even smoked today tf 
 @airin215 weed cake lol
 my girl dont smoke and its kinda starting to affect me 
 trusteeelect lamont johnson says again he will keep his position on hempstead school board. says he will serve on both. cc @scottyeidz
 i got a new weed man  i brag different
 @ericspracklen their logic has gone up in smoke with their marijuana cigarettes
 gotta go a hunnid on the highway when free smoke come on.
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking
 @rebelutionmusic nothinglike rootsreggaemusic  @ premier family cannabis festival bowdown cannabisfamilies 
 i got weed an i got liquor i aint caught a feeling since
 keep them coming please more  stories of jail for marijuana loss of children for marijuana weexist pot4parents cannabisfamilies
 theres a v cute boy sitting at the table across from me and i look like a scented trash bag. filled with weed flowers.  nonotmarijuana
 watching cops copswe found a sack of weed. methats not that bad copswe also found methamphetamines. 
 we gone smoke a hunna sack. @nipseyhussle
 she said blame it on the liquor or the weed scent. i said blame it on the time that we wasted i wish we spent 
 gotta smoke a fatty after what just happened lol
 lol when you find weed in your rental car. thanks @enterprisecares
 yall gotta retire the weed leaf socks
 senate president paiva weed calls press conference to discuss her future. this is how fast the lawmakers can move 
 hate when kristi if filling out doctor questionnaires for me and she says do you smoke like dont you know how tacky that is
 i went to one in monday and another yday and the difference in weed potency was v noticeable
 i hate unprofessional weed mans
 nunes is such a little @realdonaldtrump toadie casting shade more smoke and mirrors intel intelligence nothing criminal  @devinnunes
 bumpin these tunes for the smokers while they freeze cause lauren amp i are on our 10 min and i told her shes gotta 
 vindicated my ass fbi found no wiretapping  were not buying your smoke and mirrors any more  nunes intel bullshitquotesijustmadeup
 more smoke and mirrors from @gop. very clever diversion tactic  but not buying it. @jamescomeyfbi do your job and q 
 need to smoke the fattest blunt before i strangle everyone 
 i smoke  more weed then bob marley  
 @tezino i once forgot to put water n my macaroni..... the microwave smelled like smoke for over a week.
 what i smoke is illegal but never travel without papers
 i got weed
 there is nothing wrong with a little weed 
 my ex smoked me in cod 4 straight games and then i quit and made her play on my team 
 now i cant smoke though cuz ima be hungry and have nothing to eat...but its all good
 yo story time so my brothers friend got caught with weed and blamed it on the biggest pothead in the group
 dont smoke and drive.
 @mgcsooner nothing illegal and the target wasnt trump. smoke and mirrors
 i got smoked  
 paiva weed honored to serve under 5 governors. 
 i gotta smoke w @majestikjp amp @bortherphill today. miss my nigs 
 @wakaflocka how much do you smoke a day flockadamusqa
 paiva weed i feel very comfortable this is the right decision for me...and the senate.
 smoke weed errrddayyy
 paiva weed today was my last day on the podium democratic caucus tomorrow.
 i got to sit next to doug benson backstage and watch him do sets for a couple nights back before i was old enough to even know what weed was
 aide confirms paiva weed intends to resign her senate seat at some point in next few days. remind me please special election when
 @patriotbygod @potus yes it is telling and the democratics throwing smoke booms attempts to cover it all up again 
 @ginaraimondo is happy that senate pres. teresa paiva weed is taking a position for something that she is passionat 
 im known fa talm everybody to god gone smoke my ass if even think about it i gat tht feeling i gatta stop riding my nieces dey get it
 i want to smoke a jay and go for a drive just to drive
 justintrudeaupickuplines hey girl  i can smoke weed and not go to jail. cannabisulture canpoli bcpoli legalize cannabis in canada
 @jamescurle i still am baffled as to why this applies to us specifically. you dont recruit via smoke signals and walking.
 the fortunes in the weed fortune cookies are  again  quite bad 
 justintrudeaupickuplines hey girl  i can smoke weed and not go to jail. cannabisculture canpoli bcpoli legalize cannabis in canada
 if it wasnt for weed a nigga wouldve been spazzed
 mane never that nigga be dry he aint never tryna smoke shit  
 my child not gone be allowed to smoke weed until they 17 and they all gotta do it at my house
 bruh ian smoke this much inna min my high brazy rn
 i dont wonder how these niggas get shot no more yah flex on the wrong nigga and he smoke your ass
 this the last time i smoke i spent a minute looking for the wrong car
 but i never date men that smoke. odd.
 if its not about my man  weed  food or money  i honestly dgaf amp its not my business.
 i call myself not smoking no more   man im so bored i just wanna call the weed man 
 baby  gotta smoke some weed cause girl u drive me crazy 
 i knew weed wasnt for me when i got high and was literally watching myself doing stuff. i thought i was dead.
 @senwarren sweetie  you do know hitlery was also under investigation too... or did you miss that smoke signal 
 all my boyfriend plays when we smoke lmao 
 im just trynna smoke
 @brooke29nicole smokes the cfielder for a double amp scores @caymen10 for an rbi bree bailey into run for mcclure  pitchingchange
 @puremorrison agg weed alright  nothing but 88 weed no contenders
 @gmerr24 @gkillo2 @jerrythornton1 @realobf @patricklanguzzi  its all smoke amp mirrors..lol.. 
 what if we all just focus on cannabis and forget politics  cannabis cannabisfamilies pot4parents
 yeah ive got a high tolerance  for weed not your bullshit 
 whats weed 
 @crazeemama15 do you smoke 
 when your stressin  nothing treats you better like smokin weed in a hot tub watching netflix
 if yall weed man aint got this  get a new one 
 and then when we started talking about trump he said theres no walls to build for marijuana so idk
 drink more water smoke more cigarettes
 6. strong work. smokeem if ya gotem. . smokeandfurrow vector bestvector vectorart design 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 drink more water  smoke more weed amp cigarettes
 @jaketapper @cnn you have the power to speak out at how wrong this is. just thin smoke from both sides at every turn 2 win news cycle. awful
 jimmy going to smoke... wbc2017
 i wonder if im good enough but  maybe ive just had too much to drink  to smoke  to swallow  im drownin up my sorrows
 i can barely eat a slice of bread if i aint smoke... shit cray
 been two days and ian even had the urge to smoke..
 they created a rolly icecream place next to cantina  sends out smoke signal
 i gotta find the fuckin weed man its driving me nuts my mom lookin for the weed my brother dropped in our car 
 @jongordon11 can i ask your opinion on cannabis families and pot4parents
 pot4parents cannabis families 
 ok jimmy smokes... get arenado the hell outta there  its time to get bregnant.
 this aint even truei smoke weed too 
 when you got me from workand we took that smoke drive  
 gotta love the i finished my work for the night smoke. smokeacigar olivacigars maduroespecial 
 this smoke signal from fauxcahontas 
 slept for 5 hours straight. now its late and the only way to fall asleep is to smoke this ish.
 i.e. i dont think gorsuch would find the commerce clause applies to enforcement of federal drug law in a case of homegrown marijuana.
 i got some weed in the house. 
 smh  its mfks dat smoke weed everyday that dont know the difference between indica and sativa.
 my dad is cooler than me his friends just called him amp said i got we got hella weed be at your house in 5
 my dads friends just called him and said  we got hella weed well be at your house in 5 what homies lol
 ima buy some dutch cigars tomorrow i gotta see what they smoke like
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 define cannabisfamilies any family who recognizes andor uses cannabis in any form...  yours  retweetit  pot4parents  cannavspharm 
 lol i gotta smoke a blunt to talk to you 
 when i smoke indica i literally puddle amp dont move for hours hahaha
 from smokestacks to stardom evgeny kuznetsovs roots beyond the urals   washington capitals kuznetsov  good read
 whoever in dallas pull up and smoke me out. 
 harambe would have loved denver weed. 
 i gotta smoke this blunt for rico man my heart heavy rn
 lately everytime i smoke i go out to my car cause the vibes r nice lol
 damn t is over here wreaking havoc over tweets amp im just trying to smoke this blunt likeeeee
 pr got smoked 
 ts over here wreaking havoc on twitter amp im over here just trying to smoke this blunt like ...
 jimmy smokes finally got one
 i miss jimmy smokes so much.
 niggas got smoked  
 i drank some espresso earlier to offset the weed so i wouldnt fall asleep but now its hours later and my high is gone but im wide awake
 hit the popcorn button on the microwave  went back to my video game  had the entire apartment up in smoke 
 @donzeko youre right to try to define the issue. bc right now there is so much smoke its hard to figure out what would be truly damning.
 i miss smokes so much. tigers 
 im watching this show and the girl is a cop and she found weed at her new bfs place and you see her get so conflicted. lol weed killz
 @eeesock @olea2kassandra we gotta smoke crack guys yolo
 shouldve reall just brought weed
 one of my coworkers found 60 bucks of weed on the walk to his car god bless san mateo
 who trynna smoke
 we parked infront of my house 2 smoke
 i gotta smoke some damn weed man 
 three people i dream of becoming friends with amp smoke a bowl seth macfarlane  bill maher amp seth rogen.
 who got that smoke this aint smokin this shit gross
 just smoke some sativa 
 i smoked too damn much today to not be dead asleep rn im upset
 the only flowers i smell is weed 
 eyes damn near closed but im wide awake i roll blunts of dat heater cord neva smoke shake.  
 i wonder if i could find weed here 
 kudos to jimmy smokes and his bullpen didnt fail him. usa 
 i just fucking smoked a opossum and im so scared to look at my car
 never got over the fact 2 chainz said his weed smell like underarm. if i was ever looking to cop  you just lost a customer sir.
 aint nothing to do this early but smoke amp watch a movie
 @davidcorndc  desperate attempt to get some confusion and then a smoke screen of credibility so 45 can get aca repealed45 amp gop winning.
 even when the sky comes falling  bitch ima still get high  i got faith in my weed man 
 nebraska smokers cost 162m for medicaid. ne has a budget crisis amp considering cutting childcare subsidies amp more. 
 i almost forgot i got donuts from smokey bones 
 jimmy smokes    love that man respect 
 im as gone as ive ever been and it aint weed or whiskey baby
 ive smoked so much weed i forget that this shit is illegal 
 there has to be a strain of weed named after how bored david crosby seems when hes responding to tweets.
 i knew someone who constantly smoked around their child  now he has asthma and has to take breath treatments with a machine....dont do it
 @thestoneyeskimo hands down my favorite weed ive come in contact with in my life. we need to find the supply lol
 smoking weed aint whassup no mo
 i aint smoke yet 
 got enough weed to fill 100 000 blunts
 the weed is la is nothing to play with  lol...out here smoking good  making business moves. 
 @jgeez gotta come smoke a blunt
 @garyandshannon u r wrong about ab1578. it doesnt hamper police at all if marijuana activity is not compliant wstate law thus illegal
 if i smoke this blunt im gone forget about ya facts
 when yall gone off the weed amp henny   and he accidentally slides into the wrong hole   
 i aint realize how many people smoke jacks until i walked thru gallery place yuck
 when you with me promise i aint gotta smoke no weed.  
 i find a land to grow it on amp i roll it up and i smoke it all...... 
 please put up a peace sign if you smoke a piece of mine and find a piece of mind 
 you like to smoke but you aint smoking what we smoking on
 i have a neighbor who grows nothing but weed amp another who grows nothing but weeds. guess which is the bigger nuisance.
 never ask me for weed cause i never got it.
 paiva weed still here and voting in caucus 
 if i aint smoke i wonder what i would do with my free time lmao
 walked in some dudes smoking weed on the stairs they asked if i wanted to join them but i was just trying to get to class 
 im 32 today and were at disneyland and they didnt confiscate my marijuana vaping device 
 smoke if you gone smoke
 yeah  dude. definitely take a smoke break right outside the library while 3 tours of prospective students walk past you. great idea
 if i aint got no weed i just sit down and sigh
 when they say you tryna smoke but they got some reggie 
 @allbrightnfl most likely the same guy that said brandon weeden did too.
 getting in the weeds with the capabilities of watson at monage @ibmwatson @ericandersen 
 walking out the office and my coworker i aint seen in a while just slides me a weed brownie.. i swear i get so much free shit off the love
 @repmarkmeadows trump is a fraud  he ran on repeal amp replace this is neither. u morons wasted 7years blowing smoke up americans asses.
 pocahantas tryinv to send smoke signals 
 the fact that im walking and some man just came up an asked if i smoked weed and then asked if i knew where the hoes were at
 bruh i aint even smoke today and my uber talking you got that loud on you 
 me and my pops smoked in the whip before going to the movie and then we thought we walked into the wrong movie 
 jeff sessions is malicious toward all pot smokers hes malicious toward all pot smokers
 idk if i smoke too much or what but im a straight dumbass sometimes. forget my phone in cars  keys at work. i be slackin lol
 even when it rains our smoker is working i just got these delicious blackberry wings out of 
 was tired of seeing games that missed the mark so made my own weed game.  
 420 smoke summm
 my whole family has been against weed for the longest time. now that we found out my grandpa has stage 4 cancer he 
 i just finished weeds and im emotional
 idk whats worse  my room smelling like weed  my roommate forcing some kid to buy her flowers or having a broken wrist...
 wheres all this smoke coming from  claytoncounty
 @cousinstizz lmk if you tryna get weed saturday  lol 
 up germantown itching for some weed 
 im good with chilling by myself as long as i got some smoke ion gotta fuck with niggas i hang with niggas cause i choose to
 @kayleighmcenany you should be proud of yourself you are a great flower in a field of weeds poisonous ones they are bad. you are good
 das republicunts have never not been smoke and mirrors.    savetheaca
 devils answer with 7 in 4th. mendez starts rally  gilbertson smokes 2run double. robbins  rothwell amp boyce also with rbis. lcc 7  clack 6.
 @mindaika yawn. not the first time ive been called names by a feminist.go smoke a bowl  hippy.
 saucier lizana road closed between rd 211 and west wortham rd due to smoke from 116 acre woods fire 
 this charger almost caught fire in my lap i was charging it while riding in the car and saw the smoke. the bubble 
 amp i got smoke for any of you twitter niggas that play football
 i barely trust the government regulating my food  damn sure not trusting them with my weed. nah im cool.
 amp she aint even smoke but she swear i got that dope dick.
 a girl in my brothers grade 8th got caught with weed brownies today ridgetucky
 and he smokes him out with the fattest blunt that i have ever seen.
 who got smoke
 voicemails are the new smoke signals.
 is this shit bout luke rockhold wanting to fight farbico weedy real
 smoking weed just picked up my sushi 
 smoking weed just picked up my sushi 
 nothing got the time for this bs just roll a blunt amp smoke dat shit  
 i never like going out of state cuz the weed and prices  just dont meet my standards. i need to hit washington to see whats up.
 ever wonder how we keep our organic sungrow medicinal cannabis  pesticidefree part of our 
 letsgoblackhawks letsgoblackhawks letsgoblackhawks  drinking a smoke filled room @ game on  
 if i smoke tn will that be in my blood tm  needa know cause i gotta go the hospital 
 patterson smokes one to right  but its caught. great play by jones on the catch.
 happy bday to the kid who made me promise id never smoke weed @beauenfindlay 
 why is it so easy to get weeds amp hard to get a weed free lawn ya gotta fertilize the damn lawn  no so for weeds. what do the weeds know 
 bout to email them back over my dead mesquite smoked body
 aint smoked a backwood ina min
 water amp weed 
 my heart is still broken  everyday i smoke andor take a shot or two ... just to forget that someone can really treat me so cold 
 mann forreal. i knew i had it bad when i was so depressed ian even wanna smoke 
 someone smoke me out my chameleon is no where to be found and im suicidal
 if i say dont smoke in my car dont argue with me im the one that gotta drive with the smell in it
 damn im not trynna smoke dolo
 brudda be throwing that smoke.. @dorseyjaquan
 @fflashh905 smoked some trashcans and got forfeited because formz snaked unintentionally.
 when your weed man finds out you got a man ... 
 kobe amp brad be leaving so much weed in my car its crazy
 me when my dad calls saying i gotta go home and ruins my smoke sesh 
 ive known this kid quigley since the amateur days  hes gonna smoke tapia.
 to some it may seem wrong  but fucc it cause im good weed puffin and my whole team stuntin boy wassup
 like. aint it all ironic.  all of a sudden niggas in nicer homes. got all this weed. moving to new states.
 i gotta stop spending all my money on weed
 is that your bag of weed damn right. then he spit on roni what is wrong with these people proud of their crazy actions. nightwatch
 man females who say i dont pay for weed deadass got a special place in hell
 im sad smokes weed im happy smoked weed im hungry smokes weed im bored smokes weed im high smokes weed
 gotta change my @ cuz i really dont even smoke no more foreal
 sometimes i drink  a little too much  ive been known to smoke and cuss and fight  just because
 time 4bed  another day of smokin tomorrow..they aint gonna smoke themselves gdnite boys @cigarchairman @airmunro @oppy8107 @nathancaliendo
 if i smoke this blunt im gone forget u
 lemme go listen to free smoke. gotta see somethin
 ive been tweeting nunes support all day. time to step on toes  break phony protocol  and weed out traitors. the tr 
 matty has he got enough weed me no 
 @octavianicolee hell yeah  omg and we gotta have a smoke sess tomorrow
 nah after i smoke wonder whats going to happen nah
 rap game is just fine just a few mumbling niggas we gotta weed out dats all but this may be a goodie 
 i smoke so much weed i forgot its illegal
 when you smoked way more than you shouldve 
 im that wall when i smoke 
 hayley uhhh bree why do you smell like weed and popcorn
 i walked into the dorms and i immediately smelled weed
 that game was insane. holy smokes way to go xavier
 niggah we smoking that gas got me dying man. niggah aint even wanna smoke no more .  
 who truly love weed
 free smoke for err body
 mark whalberb is a smoke bomb
 because @yerbauno is a weedman  he aint a chirpman.
 overslept now all the weedmans gone 
 spit your game talk your shitcrab yourgatcall your click squeeze your clip hit the right onepast the weed i gotta light 1 biggie
 241am and hungry. whats open at this time to eat. i got the munchies and i dont even smoke
 he smoked him in the bet cypher. yes or no kendrick called him out in control saying to step his music up. 
 @gencyclopediax i kinda wanna say it was a sign from god  that maybe i just gotta stop smoking but when i smoke hookah im fine 
 @scoobydoofuss out of weed
  wonder if any of my weed dudes up welp about to find out
 i aint even smoke to go to sleep last night ... bae left me on a whole other kinda high last night. 
 why you gotta wake up this early to smoke cigarettes like why is it that deep
 just gotta get through this workout  smoke some weed  and rest for beyond
 when you get pulled over at the airport for a random check amp you got too much weed in the car 
 what you gone be a flower or a weed
 niggas got time to smoke  sleep  get booty  stunt for the gram  and bullshit but got nothing but 
 who trynna smoke
 i got mail i got money  i got hard i got weed i got kush i got purp  i got anything you need
 we aint smoke in so long  prolly put me in the past
 cops stole weed from some kids. made weed brownies got so high they called the cops on themselves
 @onpointradio @drbillschindler harvest linen  hemp  and flax for clothing.  shave with curved obsidian or a hot ember stick. be fashionable
 @kennyfooly now thats thinking out of the box . i knew mfs was gone say either weed or sex off gate
 can a child be taken from home.....where you live ....for cannabis   cannabisfamilies    pot4parents 
 @trishyymariee i know lmao thats why you gotta eat a full course meal before you smoke 
 amp i smoke weed and never played sports to i aint good for shit 
 if i aint smoked im an asshole  thats just how it be
 forget 2017 eagles.let cowboys and giants duke it out for right to get smoked by the pats.draft franchise rb now.set the offense.
 im hungry and want to smoke....
 he drinks sometimes  but he doesnt smoke so i rarely do when hes home and life is just fine. food is a great alternative.
 some man just asked @sorryimambuh what ganja is that as she got out of our car  im dead
 theres nothing wrong with smoking  shid i smoke sometimes but who wants to look smoked out
 @rrmgop holy smokes. youre insane.
 saw this pregnant girl smoking weed yesterday but i aint say nothing bc that aint even my business
 damn smoke plus gone start carding people now lol
 @718nick if it aint no game or a dutch dont even blow the smoke in my vicinity lol
 got my weed 
 backstage boolin   photocred @blgdirty @ 1919 hemphill 
 whos trynna smoke rn
 lest we forget  another smoke screen to cover inadequate and criminal admin. 
 iubb former player tweets smoke signals 
 trynna sip a 40 and smoke a bleezy when i get off 
 help stpetepd id smashing smoker who drove stolen car amp crashed into a parked tractor trailer. he ran off barefoot 
 ian cuffin no bitch amp ian savin em from no kinda dick she fuckin fah free anyways yeen even gotta smoke wit ha 
 @mileysourcenews @zadiegwenn its so sad to see her now  what a wasted life. smokes marijuana  bad choices amp deemed a bad role model now. smh
 if you smoke often you gotta gotta gotta drink water
 come paint sketch sing rap jam instruments smoke drink with us at noahs    @ 5
 that girl scout cookie marijuana aint got no expiration dates 
 what kinda weed you hittin 
 special skills include pointing out which car on the freeway is smoking a blunt because of the weed smell in my car
 never forget that snoop dogg smoked a blunt at noblesville high school 
 girl smokes and blames me  the nonsmoker girl but thats okay cuz you gotta have her back
 @thehill what a shitty day for the tweeterinchief. more broken promises to the folks who believed the smoke and mirrors campaign. sad
 he broke me down now i gotta break the weed down
 my mom left her cigs in my car and shes like are these mine well i know these arent yours cuz you prefer weed 
 big question lmao  you got a friend and you allow him to smoke in your car  what would u rather him smoke lmao tobacco products
 @potus @senschumer @nancypelosi @senwarren @maxinewaters put that damn obadcare in their pipe and smoke it. check back in a few months
 real shocker .trumps first promise to the american people goes up in smoke..
 @potus these peoples constiuents  @senschumer @nancypelosi @senwarren @maxinewaters can put oc in their pipes and smoke it...checkbacklater
 got smoke for all of you
 a couple years ago my ma flushed 23grams of mine down the toilet. now she asking me all these marijuana related questions time to finesse 
 not to mention most nwa events from back in the day are in musty  smoke filled rooms. we look at the past with rose 
 @dandislush @goldingbf @eclectetsy @jaydabf danny boy or girl you smoking the wacky weed
 proposed senior independent living facility for site of hempstead school. 
 ahhh i just got caught my mom knows i smoke now 
 whats the point of severs being up front except to cover while i go smoke
 find someone who appreciates you for who you are  and someone who smokes just as much as you  baeeeweedislif 
 hands down my boss gotta be one of the funniest niggas to smoke with. this nigga got me cryin rn 
 @masoncoon smokes a 2 out stand up double to right center
 @mermaidnak lmao im just gone be bad grandpa  smoking weed with teenagers  telling about how cool i was back in the day  and giving advice.
 aca made trump gop eat their smoke 
 i smoked so much the ashes are about to fall on me
 just casually walking through meijer right now..and it smelled like weed in one of the aisles 
 i liked a @youtube video from @rjcollinsmusic  r.j. collins @chancetherapper x smoke break x @faithevans let you go
 sometimes i miss smoking weed  but then i think about the improvements ive made in my life since i quit
 sometimes i miss smoking weed  but then i think about the improvements ive made in my life since i quit
 today marks exactly 4 months away from my due date and my baby boy is growing like a weed  
 tom putting some fine @avocigars smoke in the air to honor avo uvezian  who passsd today just 
 got niggas tryna pretend they smoke and bitches tryna free load lunch. weird ass mfs
 repeal marijuana laws.  hear songs    video  
 dont mind weed @ all but gotta unfollow this broad on snap. takes pull  blows smoke out...wtf.
 @daylynnacacia oo mine would be weed  candy  and anything video gamemovie related. lol
 who trynna smoke 
 youve got this new head filled up with smoke
 i got good weed
 if they dont got flavors.. they aint the weed mann... lol
 league game smokey  filmsin3words
 is it weird i miss smoking shit weed from thailand
 finna shower watch this game smoke and sleep my mood for leavin the house is gone
 @jmarusak @alconklin @theobserver we could see and smell the smoke here in dallas. as the wind picked up around 730ish it became hazy.
 being high feels soo good   but also wrong cause im not a smoker 
 that man really smoked a wide open layup
 down to earth nigga who can smoke and handle his drinkgtdo they exist lol
 @wcsofl @officiallivepd @aetv aint their weed. they smoked all theirs.
 @nbated  holy smoke  bucks win
 i aint smoke all day. yay me.
 nothing good. a lot of weed 
 someone pull up amp smoke one.. im stressing 
 so glad i got a mom that appreciates the importance of weed  
 aint smoke all break 
 my aunt gave me weed pretzels i aint even know they made those
 he is a part of obmas sedition  the russian colusion investigation is a smokescreen to undermine the potus 
 gotta go hide my weed lol 
 my chemical romance has yet to answer my questions about health care.   limp bizkit has great views on the legalization of marijuana
 momwhen did you start smoking cigs metheyre for emergencies momwhats the emergency mei dont have any weed momwhat melol nothing
 i aint smoked since sunday yall and im trying not to fold
 dad just called and said hed bring me cigs and weed 
 i feel like only ugly bitches gotta do shit like that i aint ever had to suck a dick to get smoked out lol 
 niggas got so much weed right now its crazy.
 do they smoke weed in space they gotta
 nigga i gotta smoke to march maddness now
 hey baby stop selling weed you got your whole life ahead of you.  fuck you i got kids to feed 
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking
 walked out of the pub to see a shit load of smoke in the air  but nothing on fire  and it smelled like apples  fuckin vapers.
  im ready smoke nigga fym  
  im ready to smoke nigga fym  
 ian smoke today whoop
 was a dealer but aint smoke the supply.
 so i gave this bitch 10 bucks to buy me a pack of smokes kuz i didnt have my wallet she literally walked in her car and drove off
 @littlewolfxvx hell yeah its pretty tripped out sometimes when you find the right movie and the right tunes.. on weed..
 i got smoke in my eye. fuck.
 i want to smoke but got nothing to smoke out of 
 @subzr0 lmaooo he got smoke for 70
 inees some weed
 @stlouisgametime ive never heard weed called that.
 who got smokes
 gotta smoke weed when your depressed and on a bad team i guess lmao 
 jake smoked a cigarette through my ear  idk whats could be more romantic
 boutta head back to my place and this fool decides to smoke a bowl and passes out in the parking garage. cmon i gotta work in the morning.
 when you hit the blunt and are able to accurately name the weed  beyond2017
 so  got on stage with the hippies  and then had a smoke circle next to the tour bus afyerwards. 
 definitely not performance enhancing gotta be weed cuz this nigga trash 
 we smoke so much the ashes startin to fall on me
 this weed i got aint no fucking joke 
 yall keep an eye out for my sanity... i believe ive lost it. i forgot what kinda stoges i smoked earlier smh good thing my aunt remembered.
 damn im out of smokes
 its like i have to smoke weed just to enjoy anything. i gotta get away
 my kinda cake. dick weed 
 how i mindfullt start morningsdrink a glass of water  have some cannabis  medititate amp a cupn komodo dragon starbucks french press coffee
 tunas coming out early today to shoot a short film called waiting for weed @ capitol hill 
 amp we were in some hilarious @migos video amp we got to hold hands and run across the streets of ny. then we got to hang out and smoke after
 i aint survive 10 years in prison by lettin niggaz get over. and i damn sho aint secure dis bag by given away free smoke 
 this piece of work could probably benefit from smoking cannabis recreationally. 
 gotta eat before i smoke
 got weed drinks
 i got a jar for my weed and still managed to lose it lmao
 @chocolatdropkid not even for weed. it was a over the counter supplement
 when you rollin up and a pretty blonde come thru  you gotta start sprinkling the weed in like this dude does his fo 
 insane in the brain  smoke a lot just to maintain.
 ayy fuck @joecamel aint smoked a cig in 6 years heardthatfoogotcancerhaaaa
 sarah maria lafferty as lily in tennessee williams why do you smoke so much  lily @ theater 
 @lizkrueger people on medical marijuana on fixed income are buying once amp going to the stthe oil cost to muchwe need the flower lower cost
 so im wrestling in a church tonight...my body will start emiting smoke in 5...4...3...2... 
 @insightbrewing smoke signals is  this year.  miss battering ram tho...
 i just finished weeds on netflix and im kinda sad im gonna miss that crazy ass white family
 my book bag stay smelling like weed i gotta stop smoking 
 whatever i do i gotta drink before i smoke. if i smoke first its gon be ski right out the gate lmao
 my ex used to eat my ass then go smoke with ha friends i aint say shit though cause yall aint say shit when she was cheating 
 @rushlimbaugh jeff sessions is malicious toward all pot smokers  hes malicious toward all pot smokers
 gotta tell my federal officer daddy my ex wanna smack me and him and his friends selling weed w they address 
 @seanhannity jeff sessions is malicious toward all pot smokers  hes malicious toward all pot smokers
 weee gotta lotta smoke  
 @mariabartiromo jeff sessions is malicious toward all pot smokers  hes malicious toward all pot smokers
 @judgejeanine jeff sessions is malicious toward all pot smokers sweet adorable darling judge jeanine  hes malicious toward all pot smokers
 @warnermusicfr @arethafranklin 1981 it was. she was truly a rose among weeds and wild flowers. yo  young black men. if you can find you rose
 @warnermusicfr @arethafranklin among the weeds and wild flowers pick it love it. and dont settle for the weeds and wild flowers. yep...
 the last generation with the right to smoke a cigarette. this is just election time power to overthrow coloreds 
 ashley weaver smokes one right to the 3rd baseman with 2 on 2 out in 5th. after winning game 1 87 hawks trail clay 
 parked in this trash corner waiting for pedro to finish buying weed 
 i just smoked but im hungry and realized i shouldve got my food 1st 
 80s miami drug cop is my new aesthetic guys hide ur weed loljk im already high off this filter bc i dont smoke 
 my manager lets hurry up with the clean up because ive got some weed to smoke
 at the smoke signals party. dankbot to start. brisk outside today.... dankbot  photo
 might stay in the trump tower for one week  spray paint all the walls and smoke weed
 colorado is considering an unusual strategy to protect its nascent marijuana industry from a federal crackdown  
 i got the dankest weed right now no doubt
 a pharma company that spent 500 000 trying to keep pot illegal just got dea approval for synthetic marijuana 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 my type is crazy girls that are into guys with will ferrell bodies and dudes that smoke  definitely not me
 @jeffhollandaise idk if you will believe this but i was one of the male hookers amp i jerked off on the cake.  i also made a weed cake.
 @blakkjared you know i got me a lil e cig but i aint smoked a joe or anything all day
 a pharma company that spent 500 000 trying to keep pot illegal just got dea approval for synthetic marijuana. 
 car big smoked out
 eichel got smoked lol
 @andrewkeef we never used to smoke games. we fucked with swishers only 
 she dont smoke weed but she rollin mine 
 gotta smoke with his dawg 
 @flexxgodd bro i been trynna find some weed since 2 . nobody mobile all these fuckin cars out here 
 im just trynna smoke a blunt... but i can bearly get up 
 will never forget the only time ive gone to mexico and bought weed next to a taco stand
  @sameickelberger smoked weed once and got his nose pierced   anonymous
 last time i smoked in connecticut i got caught by the cops 
 i wonder if im good enough but maybe ive just had too much to drink  to smoke  to swallow im drownin up my sorrows
 why why do these people bring weed in the car if you gotta smoke it  just smoke it at home  for petes sake livepd
 word of advice  eat the weed before you stop while being pulled over    lol livepd
 im just trying to find a girl to smoke and play league with me.
 my man cant smoke so we been drinking a lot lately 
 @officiallivepd whats with the decisions to munch on their weed these days  lol
 but the government choose to fight di innocent ganja  and they free up alcohol which is toxic to the human system. 
 ive spent over 20 000 on weed like its nothin.. ive spent over 20 000 on @uber like its nothin..  marc crisp
 man i got to get a consist weedman 
 dea oks synthetic marijuana for a pharma company that spent 500 000 to oppose pot legalization 
 @davidregoso lol at night bring smoke bombs and stuff kinda meet up 
 i gotta smoke alone cause they dont smoke 
 i got hella rellos and no mf weed  and its 1025
 oregon freshman gabe matthews smokes a double to the opposite field. rbi. 10 lead for the ducks  b1.
 storm out of kc never came..lol..rock chalk got smoked
 @sethrogen lets smoke got that california bomb og
 my weed got dis place stinkin
 @ecust23 where im at now we ran a lot of rpos. smoke amp mirrors like crazy but power was a game changer for us. we 
 eichel cellyd right in a couple leafs fans faces tonight. smoke em if you got em  baby.
 uber not just delivering food. now they are delivering weed. smart business model since you know it guarantees a ta 
 if i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you 
 @tooooooooood @haileyabigail i dont practice smoking weed i aint got no lsd i got a hundred grams but i  i smoked it alllllll
 wonder how many of these anti police people that were throwing smoke bombs and causing violence were arrested... @philadelphiagov ...
 pt3 now that im done ranting because i sat at my car for an hour for the smoke to stop im going to eat an icecream cone and smile 
 @goosegill @usethefuture crack here being religious indoctrination of the sexshame ideology  hq porn being healthy cannabis.
 @silencedhippie why would you want to go to your car to smoke
 anyone ever told they doctor they smoke and the doctor wanted to match 
 i was riding hot with 7oz with weed
 i forget how much i appreciate nc for being smoke free everywhere.
 when the reverse flash say he got smoke for you 
 wya wyd so we can smoke  wydare you busy so we can smoke
 how you go to college for a whole year and aint got any weed connects
 @elricedge @scrubyandwells @heelanhammer dont worry elric  he got smoked the next turn. lost the game though..
 there aint no drama when u got marijuana
 jhi like wanna step outside and smoke
 so glad i barely smoke as much as i used too cus pssshhhhh
 when i smoke tha gar gotta be filled all tha way to where i licked tha mf.
 @precisediff not crazy real from 120k to unemployable felon  cannabisfamilies pot4parents drugfelon 87 weed 
 what you smoked on got you texting me you miss me and shit 
 i have yet to fail to fall asleep at every place i smoke at lmfaooo
 wtf  who got weed amp deliver
 if i smoke this blunt boy im gon forget u  i swear ta god
 im gone smoke oomf out one day on everything
 i lit a candle amp sprayed my room with my body spray. if you aint smoking weed  then that cigarette shit gotta go.
 i just knew this nigga was gonna fall asleep  especially after he ate amp smoked.
 who got weed
 nothing smells worse than weed tryna be masked with body sprayperfume 
 after that shift i gotta smoke 
 netflix water weed
 lit just smoked a blunt with a puppy in my lap for the past hour
 im gone bring that smoke to your house
 anyone got a cool grandpa and grandma that would be down to be in a video and smoke a blunt 
 id be lying if i said ive never found an 8th of weed in my car 
 ian smoked a blunt all day wtf..
 who got weed wtf
 ditched us for weed
 seems like everyone who shouldnt kno bout my weed habits been questioning me bout them lately
 @jakemoziak wake up   we gotta smoke a blunt 
 a pharma company that spent 500 000 trying to keep pot illegal just got dea approval for synthetic marijuana 
 lord thank you for the day  weed  and dave chapelle
 @facethenation disaster disaster disaster disaster  read my lips disaster put it in your pipe amp smoke it disaster
 somebody in the east side smoke with me i gotta fat ass backwood and i aint trynna smoke dolo
 im passionate about smoking weed. so i aint passin shit c.dooku
 man yall gotta put these guns  weed  and alcohol down. its no benefit in this stuff.
 imma come clean  i just found a dub of weed under my bed  you damn right its getting shmoooked 
 even the pancakes are smiling  the blueberry pancake with applewood smoked bacon  maple syrup 
 i only smoke papers  papers n fronto or backwoods. stop trying to put me into cyphs sponsored by zig zag and game. im not a crackhead
 @chaunceycc you got weed smoke it  you got dice roll it you got guns shoot it  you got a ho stroke it you got money spend it.
 if i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget u
 i got my own papers baby girl  finna get my own weed too get you a pound and let you roll that shit
 really just gone smoke and chill all day
 @nobigotsallowed @lawrence @jonlovett @seanhannity @cindyrelish better throw another smoke bomb  like pushing gorsuch bottom tomorrow
 @chriistaxx3 agree it is a smokescreen. jets arent taking a qb at 6. dont seen anyone trading up for a qb. hope im wrong. we need picks
 pressure gone kill ya lungs trynna smoke what i smoke on 
 i will never smoke in the sun that shit is pointless
 so i went on a date last night and all we did was play lottery tickets  color  smoke  and play family feud. and ive never had more fun
 @maribelivanna lmaooo regs  the weed will have you contemplating life
 gotta love a man who will smoke a hunk of bbq just to hike it 5 685 
 id love to shoot and smoke out right now
 wym sis sitting in a car and smoking would be a great date or maybe i just smoke too much  
 theres a personal heaven where all you do is smoke and play katamari all day. 
 this is not on tump. how can we expect him to know the ins amp outs of our government.  lmao. holy smokes  you gotta be some kinda stupid.
 time to smoke  gotta stay high to stay on time
 they finna smoke all that shit 
 smoking in the car is a date ... its a hotbox date smoke and talk about shit 
  @ flowers and weeds 
 josh rehwaldt smokes a runscoring double off right field wall to score rob johnson  who had singled  as @usfbaseball leads  41. coopride
 my partna in new orleans told me he aint know i still smoked 
 i smoke them birches up back wood gone in 3 puffs 
 got some new shit in  only if i smoked boy 
 kansas got smoked
 cigar kinda evening. @ smoke chophouse 
 kelsey smoked and sophia asks her for the bouncy ball back and she almost passes her the crack pipe
 you gotta smoke crack to be a crackhead  
 im conflicted...i want to smoke  watch the game  and shoot pool  
 i am so bored and sick im bout to roll up and smoke by my lonely
 @enrelchi @teknogrot any dem candidate that actively promotes weed legalization will get a much larger dem turnout in their election
 tequila should be illegal not marijuana
 sit in the car in smoke before the date  
 roy jones jr i smoke i drank  dirtysouthsundays
 girl letting the smoke out for the sake of a picture and gon tell me all hoes aint the same 
 those days when the whole human race annoys u so u smoke urself senseless 
 you need to register for medical marijuana amp need a doctor spine amp wellness taft rd dr joseph catania.chronic pain is addedim off opiates
 rarely even smoke 
 lmaooo.. is marijuana illegal 
 nah i aint got no weed 
 who trying to smoke me out in tyler 
 nothing but weed
 i miss ya but watch me smoke this blunt and forget ya
 @ryananchondo lmaooo bruh even my ass has standards when it comes to smoking weed
 yo... ole boy hosting the infusion class is high as fuck.... and i got gifted weed
 ive been in a bad mood all day because i aint smoked  yall plugs aint shit
 finna go smoke sum and drink on sum cause this shit got my head just gone.
 how you a weed man who aint never got no weed 
 got some smoke in me im cool now lol
 overdose on heroine ... ya ill just smoke my weed in the car  
 @flykidkev weeds
 i dont smoke but mannn watching dave chappell new stand up high would probably be the greatest thing ever
 aint smoke weed all today im doing good 
 a pharma company that spent 500 000 trying to keep pot illegal just got dea approval for synthetic marijuana 
 @ginblossoms whats up whats up i was wondering what you thought about cannabis families and pot4parents
 all that partying shit  buying weed amp liquor .. aint none of that 
 im the type person that wouldve been high as shit forgot i smoked that fast  and made this video 
 that night was so fun to me then i got caught with weed so my mom made me write a 2 page paper double spaced on why i shouldnt smoke gas 
 got smoked by in the back of the neck with a piece of hail
 hallelujah  i actually got some weed left in my grinder .
 you know my steez dog real niggas ride gully lost a couple soldiers  got me smokey with my eyes runny
 lol i called 4 people and 3 of the answers i got where .... nah bruh i just smoked a blunt im to high 
 you just gotta pass me the aux during the smoke session.
 rather sit in a car and smoke than double suicide. 
 xiu xiu... they just left the stage with smoke coming out of their 
 who in dallas  well plano texas got weed for sell..
 if you smoke you gotta use them incense baby
 somebody said it looks like i had a smoke filled day... it aint over yet playa nowsmokin 
 hahahah my aunt finished my weed drink that we got last night and she said shes stoned 
 we aint never running outta weed might as well gone and roll it.
 i need some weed .. i aint smoke all day
 i could put anyone on hookah they just gotta smoke with me.
 @battlefieldtrip and yes this couldve gone several other directions but no one expects the smoke grenade
 i hate that julian smokes in my car 
 i cant stand the hypocrisy of alcohol consumers judging recreational cannabis users.
 just portioned out my weed for the week amp next weekend babes weed will be ready i hate portioning but when yer a broke bitch ya gotta.
 whos got smoke
 damn someone come smoke with me  you aint even got to put in 
 @flyer74 huma  pick the little weed up amp throw him out the window and go find yourself a real man. hes garbage.
 isa got me never wanting to smoke games again  honey fusion dutches is where its at i guess 
 canadian government announcing 2018 marijuana legalization week of april 10  just wait 10 more days man.
 that fucken weed  
 canadian government is announcing its 2018 marijuana legalization during the week of april 10th  please wait just 10 more days man.
 doctor said you gotta take a break brofrom smoking weed and i was like can i vape  brendon makes himself la 
 @deve8rs @thehill huh  dude youre smoking weeds.
 in florida for cannabis biz meetings for several days. contact us to arrange networking meetings.
 the weed game got me hella paranoid.
 ten toes on the cement  little weed in my socks
 im trynna smoke the one on the left 
 theres nothing wrong with smoking weed grow up losers. 
 the federal liberals have reportedly set a date to officially legalize marijuana. 
 kushner interview by intel committee about a meeting with russian ambassador  russian money again.too much smoke...find the fire.
 kid shouts in class  weed is a flower
 how i am supposed to trust a doctor that smokes
 i would have killed myself by now if weed didnt exist tbh
 changing of the guard at @risenate pres paiva weed was almost a slavish devotee of the policies of govraimondo 
 @kxnomorningrush you could get the reeferseed express to play boom
 @madflavor bout to smoke 2 jays in your honor
 we can sit in the car amp smoke on the way then lol 
 StraightOuttaPassaic
 shoot the weed man if his shit not smoking 
 meditation  steps  practice  effort  moves  etc... these also are...up in smoke...  only i...here...not even being i...just i...
 @traccyybreanne its been awhile since we smoked a blunt cuddled and fell asleep u tryna after school lil ma
 im trynna smoke amp fuck
 thinking i was about to smoke but then i realize i aint even got tree 
 i pre rolled my wood and sat on that bitch right before i was about to smoke now i gotta buy another pack 
 girl you is my baby girl you is my baby i need to smoke some weed cause girl you drive me crazy  wce  
 this dude was totally smoking weed in the bathroom when i walked in
 the lady sitting next to me said you smell that its so loud i said no so fast i got take this weed out my purse 
 former tcu quarterback trevone boykin arrested on suspicion of marijuana poss.  public intox. in crash dallas 
 sit in the car amp smoke   then go cuddle  
 man hector hector got her like smokey  
 shoot your weed man if the dope aint smokin
 you aint never smoke that jet fuuuellllll 
 after i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 the officer just told this bitch you free to go. she gone jokingly say you wanna check my car. he found weed amp coke.....felony amount
 @peugeotuk my nieces 1st car  her hard earned money gone up in smoke. not the best advertisement for buying a peuge 
 once i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you.
 only the cowboys would try to get the marijuana ban dropped lol. gotta love my team
 liberalism is like weeds...once they start to grow  they cover everything....
 man i hope i didnt forget my weed 
 my next job gotta let me smoke weed when i want to
 i smoke so much the ashes about to burn on me i seen a so called good girl turn on me
 yankees got smoked in their openingday game and the kings were eliminated from playoff contention. sweet.
 my favorite game to play at work is how fast can i smoke a joint on this break
 lets play a fun game called who wants to smoke me out
 i wish i could just smoke a fucking blunt so i can actually fall asleep and stay asleep
 blowing that smoke out fast as fuck 
 theres nothing to me like ganja 
 after i smoke this blunt bih im gone forget bout you cause i got that dumb pressure 
 this girl just asked me to smoke her out hahaha she got me good
 i can still smoke i never gotta stop finally found something that will really clear your system 
 everyone wants a car. even the weed man tryna cop a car
 everyone wants a car. even the weed man tryna cop a car
 everyone wants a car. even the weed man tryna cop a car
 when i smoke this blunt im gone forget you 
 i did not smoke my breakfast but there is nothing wrong with doing that.
 it means i got a blunt you got a blunt we finna smoke em. 
 @jadore92 weed  water oh  idk about you but caffeine makes mine worse  so stay away 
 who got good weed in phoenix 
 cooking up crack its illegal  riding with a desert eagle im a felon  thats illegal  main bitch  she illegal hunnid pounds of cali reefer
 alright who in the right mind would compare eating paint to smoking weed  drinking  and cheating ya chick lmao 
 do not compare drinking yellow paint to smoking weed or drinking alcohol  
 finna smoke cuz im bored 
 holay shit balls im getting my ass kicked at work  barely got in a smoke break
 gotta be honest. kicking the weed habit was one of the best decisions i ever made for myself.
 dates cool but smokin weed in my car while curreny plays softly in the background sounds better to me idk
 this was me @ jjs. smoking weed and drinking boxed wine in my car when i was taking out the trash 
 i wish i could just smoke amp chill when this storm hit but noooo i gotta be at work 
 im hungry asf ima smoke and forget about it 
 aint even blow the smoke out 
 about to go for another hike and sesh up on the hill lol i dont play i smoke everywhere found my 
 smoke smoke smoke..
 but the liberal propaganda machine is not reporting the truth theyre still blowing smoke about russian influence w 
 braves got smoked 60
 1 week smoke free kinda
 if i smoke this blunt bitch im gone forget you
 ian gon lie i could see that smoke that shit aint normal
 iono fw dallas but this man jerry jones trynna fix the league for smokers 
 currently having chinese food and weed delivered to me. being cripple aint so bad
 these the bitches that smoke for snapchat  aint inhale shit. 
 so how bout i catch a uber earlier and bruh got weedin the car talking bout .. o thats the other guys weed that he just drop off 420
 blue j@sportsnet 590 much better game   no smoke  just keep lit that way
 i have a pair of balenciagas i aint even wore yet  half a pound of gas i aint even smoke yet.
 sick play frazier that ball was smokedwhitesox openingday
 i just found a tiny piece of weed on my bathroom towel
 how much crack i gotta smoke to get this super power 
 no cuz i gotta eat and smoke the rest of the week 
 interesting day at work... got a parking ticket  someone found weed in the break room amp two guys got arrested 
 young gustavo  smoke cubanos  out in cabo with the next top model
 sooooo a rockstar made synthetic marijuana
 i wonder whats on the agenda for today  smoke and mirrors or cloaks and daggers
 gotta smoke up to get my head right
 @washingtonpost hah even worse  wapoop is totally biased and unreliable when it comes to reporting on trump. too much smoke perhaps 
 @jenmurrayy deadass youll fall asleep in the car right after we smoke
 hoe and mel are gone and i dont got no one to smoke with 
 i finished all benson and stabler episodes.  time to watch weeds again
 so who in atlanta tryna smoke guess i gotta make new friends...
 its a league game  smokey. markitzero stfudonnie youreoutofyourelement @ princess lanes 
 that premium weed dont mean shit to me if all ima do is fall asleep after smoking one blunt
 lower brule sioux tribe gearing up to move into hempcannabis arena. 
 youre smoking weed in a car with no type of tint on your windows okkk
 if you doctor mentions u should not smoke during your visit  he charges your account 50 amp  medicare pays 33.62 for smoking consultation.
 medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 50 for mention of smoking. medicare pays 33.62
 @berniesanders medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 50 for mention of smoking. medicare pays 33.62
 @cenkuygur medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 50 for mention of smoking. medicare pays 33.62
 @medicaregov medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 50 for mention of smoking. medicare pays 33.62
 @socialsecurity @medicaregov medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 50 for mention of 
 @medicaregov medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 50 for mention of smoking. medicare pays 33.62
 @cmsgov @medicaregov medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 50 for mention of smoking. medicare pays 33.62
 @amdiabetesassn @medicaregov medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 50 for mention of 
 @cmsgov @medicaregov medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 50 for mention of smoking. 
 @potus major american disgrace that marijuana laws keeping children and veterans from medication treatments their only treatments
 @cmsgov @medicaregov unable to report doctors who charge for time they did not actually spend for smoker consultation. how do you report it
 @realdonaldtrump medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 50 for mention of smoking. medicare pays 33.62
 @danscavino @realdonaldtrump @potus @secretaryross medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 
 @danscavino @realdonaldtrump @potus @secretaryross medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 
 @danscavino @realdonaldtrump @potus @secretaryross medicare rip off by doctors charging smoker consultation 10 min 
 its nothing wrong with it  but bitches wanna come chill amp smoke my weed  but i aint got time to be smoking amp smoking i gotta get that .
 welders in training on the peninsula northern cal. welders learning how to use smoke cannon to keep spark and smoke 
 dave had to get smoke on kayser the other night trynna race me 
 i miss the smell of weed so it makes me so happy when i get in your car  naylan
 aaaaahhhhhhhh. ridding the weeds inhale those beautiful fresh flowers everyone 
 i got enough weed to last me for the rest of my muh fuckin life.
 im going on a strictly weed diet.
 but i aint got smoked salmon... smh...
 and this shit was crazy look at all that smoke 
 boone logan throwing smoke tribesrowdy openingday
 welcome to the tribe edwin. smoked
 kinda tryinn to smoke  kinda tryinn to nap
 @thecontessajen can i ask you how you feel about cannabis cannabisfamilies  pot4parents   cannavspharm  womenofcannabis
 @mattchestnut94 @mkeller32 @dmarket they are my primary weed control and biological n serve.  id have nothin but 
 he aint smoke thebreaks
 just use smoke signals @wilcoxjd45209. 
 @msnicolesalera tfw when the weed is too dank
 unfortunately not about the bipartisan cannabis caucus that actually exists 
 i wanna be a doctor and live in a house with my husband and smoke some weed 
 every time i reach out  i find there aint nothing to hold boy  youre just like smoke 
 we can just smoke and touch we aint gotta love
 @fotosgab i would hope you are cannabis friendly cannabisfamilies  pot4parents   cannavspharm  womenofcannabis
 i just gotta smoke a blunt and think about money
 little do she know she gotta smoke it with me 
 cause they just got smoked like one  
 why every time i smoke a spliff i gotta sing @popcaanmusic hot grabba hot grabba hot grabba
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 once i smoke this j boy ima forget you
 this patient deadass spent an hour picking his weed earlier 
 @speakerryan holy smoke  disaster is everything coming out of the wh. nothing but amateurs ruling and you guys let 
 gotta have a one on one talk with my thoughts in tonights smoke session i been lacking motivation lately
 smoking weed aint cute.  bitch too bad i aint smoking weed to be cute. 
 niggas be paranoid riding round with weed that dont even be gas.   they not gone arrest you for that mid  just drive.
 i guess im gonna sit on my porch and smoke because im bored as shit and ive slept so much already
 a dudes reaction when you tell him you dont smoke so now they gotta think of an actual date 
 got a potna name kenn hell smoke you out....whatcha trynna do 
 got some weed
 like the weedim a fiend girl i gotta have you like a molly i feel it all over my body 
 im just trynna smoke and eat a cheeseburger with a cute honey on my lap
 guess i gotta smoke again so i can sleep
 swear im @verschelde boy lmao i was about ready to ko his ass if he smoked
 its all good. we dont need romo. we got tom savage and brandon weeden 
 listening to willienelson smoking weed at 6am
 now we know why the demoatrics are so upset why they lost cover up of this mess susan rice of tapping smoke screen lifted they wanted gone
 raven we have to smoke and bump it loud af 
 i got a junkie thatll smoke you for a pick a kools 
 @renlessard @jimcerny is tripped into him again by smoked defenseman.
 if you sell weed amp aint got no car i hope thats your ultimate goal. honestly. truly.
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking
 i knew this would happen. ncaa a bunch of lilly livered cowards. this was just a smokescreen to appease liberals. b 
 aint got no money maaannn but you bet i got some weed. got some weed . who got some weed
 regardless of your opinion of him  theres no way you can say kaepernick is worse than savage and weeden texans
 what kinda smoke kush 
 you and nadia both knew i was sick but still smoked after me sooooo 
 we do not forget  no matter what smoke you put up. 
 yeah  i really wish marijuana was a feasible treatment option for my anxietyptsd.
 im smoking bomb ass weed feeling crucial
 any new jersey medical marijuana patients know what pricing is like because now im seeing reasonableish prices listed on informal sites
 how you a weed man and you dont drive yet 
 @september25 naw i knew yo lame ass smoked  i was agreeing slowness
 im so damn irritated i left my damn weed
 @marquisantonio9 qbs that the texans have started over savage hoyer  mallett  brock  keenum  fitz  weeden  yates. 
 man i need to smoke i got a lot on my mind
 idk how id get past these cramps with out my lavender oil amp weed 
 i gotta stop smoking weed. this shit just look scary. 
 its scary to me cause i been smokin for a whole decade now... amp marijuana never made my eyes red til recently.
 sometimes you just gotta smoke a blunt and stop overthinking shit.
 i got 200 for any girl that hasnt got smoked out for free lol
 doing some rainy day collection maintenance i.e. desperately needed weeding i.e. suddenly the shelves have roo 
 crazy. this 420 might be smoking by myself. ion got no friends to smoke with
 @tweetham good point. weeden. brandon weeden.
 trynna smoke 
 @ncaa @ypegasus7 i will smoke your dumb ass read your own words this repeal is no repeal
 brandon weeden still in the nfl
 rewatching weeds.
 nothing but a smoke screen. 
 i have got to learn not to mix cannabis with alcohol.
 i gotta find somewhere to smoke 
 man... fuck today. my birthday aint shit.. someone smoke a blunt with me 
 girl you is my baby girl you is my baby i gotta smoke some weed kause girl u drive me brazy mybubblegumprin 
 if i dont smoke a blunt in the next ten minutes im going into cardiac arrest
 nothing but smoke amp mirrors 
 healabrokenheartby a little smoke..
 gorsuch feels this way about regulatory agenciesbut its us who will disappear in a cloud of smoke after teamtrump eviscerates regard
 all i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed really nothing too drastic
 im so damn hungry . this 330 might be smoked
 i got some personal weed aint even touch yet
 i promise that drake does not want smoke with x. hes gotta apologize before shit gets out of hand
 swear if i aint smoke so much weed i  would be suffering from depression
 since i relapsed i gotta smoke with my man now  he be pressuring me
 but you gotta hold my pistol and my weed 
 i gotta smoke a pound to humble myself 
 @oreillyfactor bill  your credibility is zero. the susan rice story is garbage smoke screen. youre a water boy. give it up.
 bruh @tip is coming to the soul kitchen and im trynna smoke another blunttt
 omg rt with the ma rq was rough gotta smoke this one out
 gotta smoke this mans @deonmaliekwash out for his birthday
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 but my weed man is the real mvp i swear 
 im just trynna smoke a wood  ya feel me
 the next dumbass to call me crackhead im fighting i barely smoke weed
 @carlruiz @sherrodsmall @chrisdcomedy i knew i smelled smoke
 got some weed called the white  jamaican jack and cadillac purple. bought some rice crispy treats and lemonade edib 
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 cal raleigh smokes one over the rf wall 10 noles
 me and smoked need 2 for the 4v4 1nd later
 nearly got secondhand high from all the weed being smoked in the car next to me at the stop light lol
 im just tryna smoke some reefer. got damn.
 i feel pain so i smoke marijuana  my boy gotta l hell never see another summer.
 ya mcm smoked 1 blunt in an 8 man rotation and got mono.
 now liberals are saying susan rice story is the smokescreen for russian hackingreally indictments will clear this up
 @liousdame yeah  those rebels really did a number when they put it to the torch. weve seen black smoke over the ci 
 i want to smoke a blunt with seth rogan
 my mom just asked me if ive smoked weed before because we are watching an episode of la rosa de guadalupe about some girls getting caught
 can we 3d print weed yet or nahh
 blowing big smoke  then we got hungry  i miss you matt 
 thats why i gotta smoke a couple of them bitches 
 i got weed 
 @thehill ridiculous if the trump adm wasnt corrupt they wouldnt be creating smokescreens amp they might be governi 
 idk maybe its not a good idea to post videos of you smoking weed out of your bong on instragram. just throwing that out there
 i was eating pancakes with a straight face listening to lil uzi  looking at nothing for like 5 min then i burst out laughing. i  marijuana
 i just said 420 on the way amber reply was girl you aint smoking shit  thats my birthday bih im not celebrating national weed day 
 shut never fails smoke before work  kiyana locking keys in car smh
 a weed is an unloved flower.   follow me on ig  ginrinn 
 1.over my dead body 2. tuscan leather 3. legend  4. free smoke
 if you gotta do shit like this to smoke you a fiend 
 round 1 of the umg 2v2 1nd with @abezy vs smoked and skilliosis 
 the heat  bucks  pacers lol. wiz gotta duck all that smoke.
 thanks g but i cant smoke those gotta roll my own. work kicked my ass but im not that tired 
 how you smoking weed  and got fresh jays on your feet  but aint no food in the house 
 shoot da weed man if da dope aint smoking
 im gone smoke this blunt amp forget about ya 
 when your smoke sess turns aesthetic  
 i smoke so much the ashes bout to fall on me.
 brandon crawford with a double. posey now on 3rd. the dude is locked in. the pride of pleasonton smoked that ball. sfgiants
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 the more weed you smoke.. the more likely you are to be a loser.
 @cheechandchong it swirls smoke into a vector tornado down yer larynx into yer lungs in a brain exploding hurricane 
 my daughter then got caught with weed
 this codeine and weed got nothing to do w my little child
 lowkey sometimes i dont even be wanting to smoke cus ion got a blunt even tho i got my pipe
 alcohol vs weed 
 anyway smoke this blunt and im over it. gotta keep moving. im never the one at loss.
 @stepscot double dd has smoked turkey legs. you gotta call them my dude. im sure they can get them to you so we c 
 finished all my readings and hw for the night   now i can smoke hella weed and fall asleep before midnight d
 the weed men down here are horrible. i bet you if i wanted some meth it would be a piece of cake 
 theres honestly stages in quitting weed i wonder how long itll take to get to the irritable stage 
 if we had a free showparty with drinks and weed and shit at 420 hippie hill whos there
 so we got a balcony in our hotel but gotta go out the window to smoke okkkk
 so what you wanna do you aint gotta roll one baby you can roll a few. but i aint goin smoke wit you
 i should smoke an fall asleep
 if ya pet aint never get high off contact thats some bullshit you smoke .
 @ivankatrump smoke and mirrors. let them eat cake womensrights equalpayday misogynistinchief nepotism unreal 
 gotta smoke a blunt amp drink some wine. keeps u level  
 west virginia house passes the amended version of a bill to pass medical marijuana. tomorrow  its up to our senate to confirm.
 i like how i never have to pay for weed  homies always hooking me up. sometimes it be food or a place to crash but we got each others back
 free smoke remix by dave east go harder than the original version lol
 man at my job asked if i smoked cancer sticks...the ultimate disrespect
 aint nothing like cigarette smoke
 hate when i smoke after i eat  now i gotta eat more 
 im so bored of weed that im actually reading lmao
 i will never understand how the brokest niggas always got weed to smoke..
 bruuuuuuh i finally got my dad to fuckin smoke marijuana with me 
 shouldve got some weed
 shouldve got some weed
 bitccccccccch  hes high off weed  im not finna play
 walked right up to my mom forgetting that i smell like weed  she knew right away 
 soooooo how do you clean out a non smoking rental car if you smoked in it asking for a friend 
 i hate when i dont smoke  i have the hardest times ever trying to fall asleep and it drives me crazy. like heated.
 i may hate hot topic but you gotta admit they have some cool gear. its like that person you dont really like but hey they got weed
 hf2087 new industrial hemp pilot program funding provided  and money appropriated. 
 shoot ur ass for free cause nigga we just like to smoke
 life got worse now i have to smoke even more weed since im dead inside.
 its so wired when people smoke in my car and my car doesnt even smell 
 when u aint down to smoke out an apple 
 girls that smoke hookah aint loyal
 @blurbette never seen bar fly but i loved smoke signals
 the smell of smoke makes me so sick and i hate that so much cuz it can ruin my day in an instant
 i dated a girl once who smokes  didnt drink water   never worked out and didnt eat vegetables. like whats wrong with you
 why do people take vids of themselves not inhaling the weed smoke.
 why do people take vids of themselves not inhaling the weed smoke
 pull uh to da driveway smoke ah bomb 
 people who smoke weed tend to be losers and crazy lol so yeah gotta let some niggas slide that gets high..
 probably wouldnt have got that weed charge and dui if i would have gave the cop a pepsi smh
 demsliberals are the ones throwing the smoke bombs time for the arrests to start  start hold the criminals accountable  good will prevail
 rip to the upper lot smokers who just got busted by the cops
 and in general weakens and destroys your body but weed is so bad. 
 i gotta smoke a 8th before my flight tonight lol
 this is what usa needs to do bcz im tired of seeing money wasted on marijuana related arrests etc. 
 all you do is smoke oil outta water pipes  
 i got a bitch from mission hills an all she smoke is earth 
 this how you got to do the weed man in this day and age cause a mfs will lie to you son  @ 
 i just sit back and smoke my weed  naw aint shit sweet
 smoking on that good weed whats that scent not a penny
 and when i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you 
 if anybody has an issues step on da court...but you have to be a smoker..lol my wind aint all the way back yet .
 whomst even made weed illegal
 this starbucks is on weed st right now and this is my life 
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking 
 idk if free smoke tops drakes past openers tho
 dave east really killed that free smoke freestyle
 if @realdonaldtrump has nothing to hide  why refuse to release amp create suspicion usually  lots of smoke   
 doctor asked how often i smoke marijuana  i lied by saying 6 days a week... 
 @imforeignhoe i aint even smoke it yet   just listen next time . you stay with your own agenda
 i got a slight problem i smoked weed to much 
 well there aint enough smoke in my eyes to hide the kinda games youre trying to play 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im going to forget you 
 hey...no wonder kids smoke. it helps.   george carlin
 now i want to play this game  holy smokes  this brings me waaaayyy back...  
 i probably smoked with your girl but i aint hit cause i was toooo high 
 always done to smoke a nigga that aint nothin new
 i been smoking diet weed for bout four days
 im trynna smoke today 
 @xoxoauri idk what its specifically called but they cost a lot. you can get them at most smoke shops and just ask 
 trump is accusing rice of wrongdoing to counter accusations of flynn. another smoke screen and a habit of his to counter accuse
 i havent smoked on the these rocks in a min goodtimes 
 why the fuck he got such a huge gun to talk to the mama of a girl who smoked a little bit of pot. 
 and if i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you 
 wonder how bored suburban cops are gonna be when weeds legal
 tonight on masterpiece classic a cambus retelling of how i got caught selling weed and only got fined 400 by frat rugby guy
 news media you covered susan rice allegations at length  they are 100 unfounded. move on. dont be part of the smokescreen.
 moving out my own crib got me to realize how many mfers were fake kickin it for a place to smoke.
 @violetskyrose you havent been getting my smoke signals dang reception
 i dont smoke but stealing aint cool no matter what it is or how much youd be hot as well 
 theres gotta be some secret to not getting smoke in your eye 
 @scottslawncare a little wet still....but weed amp feed and water smart seeds shall hopefully do the trick 
 @stoolpresidente @paigespiranac what a smoke paige is  eating pizza was majestic and hot even
 this fool just started smoking weed next to me here at the car wash...insideghettoisasghettodoes
 i aint know you smoke 
 needed to smoke  allllll type of bs was coming out my mouth
 if weed amp alcohol aint there   im not coming . dont invite me
 weed smokers go to the uber app just to see the cars move. like its a video game
 drove around for nothing. i have nothing to smoke out of. didnt get what i was trying to fucking get
 just helped an elderly guy carry some beer out of a gas station and he got me a 6 pack and a pack of smokes.. gotta love senior citizens 
 wheres there smoke  theres fire crookedtrump trumprussia trumprussiacoverup gop theresistance inners 
 worse feeling is looking into your childs eyes from the front seat and seeing nothing but glass and smoke fill the car...
 im trynna smoke with snoop before i move on.
 @allisonquarry they kinda a weed tho
 22 you smoke  drink .. both .. nothing
 i need to try the weed in boston  its got celtics fans out they damn minds cavs lebron  
 glad i got to smoke and chill with him.
 pepsi just got smoked 
 two things make me fall asleep fast weed or dick and right now i cant have either .
 copped a dime the other day and still aint smoked cuz im scared they gone drug test me the day after 
 who trying to take a drive and smoke
 @tomleftevil there is much wisdom in islam. weed is for mentalmoral children.
 @laurenbrownmd ive got nothing but time and weed.
 lmaooo what type of weed did she smoked because i need it  
 its like i wanna smoke before i do this powerpoint but idk if i can trust myself to not fall asleep off the gas 
 i wonder how hot sizzling country stars is related to the death of an infant. stay classy  smokeroom. condolences 
 damn i cant win my weed is in the car too. fuccckkkkkk
 @bigpoppabull well we just walked outside and smoked a cig and some dude lit up a blunt right infront of the door of our hotel 
 @kingjames like get caught smoking weed and punching dudes when he loses
 @toosunderhigh @kingjames whats wrong with smoking weed after you lose in something
 damn it aint noooo smokes in gram
 the number of people who have marijuana leaf icons on cod infinite warfare online is cringeworthy
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking
 do you smoke yeah car keys. 
 goo job @stocktonarena  your ushers wreak of weed
 i got to smoke some weed cuz girl you drive me crazy 
 great for cars literally smokers 
 so who will drive my car to the gas station for me to get me smokes 
 this nigga vontae smoking weed in the house like he aint got no damn home training 
 i knew i shouldve hit up my weed man today
 wait but i still gotta find weed
 i just hate how i gotta go to the bathroom and smoke  
 just finished writing my persuasive speech to repeal the prohibition of marijuana amp its so good i might send it to trump
 gotta bang this 5 page paper out got my weed im good nosleep
 if you smoke you a junky  saynotodrugs amp yestosniffingpowder 
 damn right im boutta smoke bluntclip outtatime yunglizzie @ pelham parkway 
 trynna smoke a blunt
 @thehill yep investigate sr. more waste of money.  more smoke
 0530 got smoke 
 @gma why even honor the rice story why do you publish these presidential smoke screens. you are reporting fake news. @gstephanopoulos
 @bryanbroaddus dont forget about matt cassell  quincy carter  drew henson  hutch and brandon weeden.
 someone got smoked at school
 all i wanna do is forget about my past amp smoke a little weed   really nothin too drastic .
 dr. gorka susan rice controversy more than just smoke  
 @toucherandrich k2 is synthetic marijuana. its what jones was smoking when he was naked at the police station.
 oh pahlesethe only criminals in the wh clintons and obamas are gone. this is all smoke amp mirrors cause the dem 
 i know klay be at them anta events in china pissed cause aint no good weed out there
 @lookatdustin this free smoke freestyle was pretty bomb
 flordia really aint got no weed smh
 so much smoke but no fire max has nothing. 
 woke up with no weed cause i left it my home boy car...great 
 im gone smoke this gas   by myself
 with exception of a few if ive never been to your house to pour up or smoke or watch a game bio..... we really aint tight like that.
 @aboutbandnpolls smoke on the water
 i miss leah i aint smoked with my baby in 3 yrs
 bitch im the man aint nobody else here as hot as me   bitch im the man aint nobody smoke no grass like me
 lol at all these soundcloud rappers on twitter rushing to defend the honor of max bs weed carrier  lol  coke boys 4 was fire tho
 lol at all these soundcloud rappers on twitter rushing to defend the honor of max bs weed carrier  coke boys 4 was  tho
 its only weed and water in my system right now
 dear smokers of my supply  i do my best for u i get the best product n give it to u at pretty much cost with a tiny mark up..dont be pushy
 @thehill smoke and mirrors. trumprussia  kushchina
 smoking weed is illegal  drinking underage is illegal and half the shit you do when youre out is illegal. stop flaggin for twitter plz 
 up early trynna smoke meth and play 2k
 you gotta smoke all 18 today fuck that 
 all i smoke is back woods now fym 
 i aint never seen someone smoke a blunt so sexy  
 at cannabiscaucus meeting and listening to marijuana reformer @repblumenauer | stand with cannabis users 42017 
 i need to stop playing video games after i smoke man i buy the dumbest dlc
 i told her sorry i dont smoke lmaaaao...no wonder why she was lookin at me crazy
 even when im not feenin to smoke the smoke finds me lmaooo
 i need da weedman like err day
 i seen a man smoking weed as stronger by yeezy plays in the background and thats how i knew today was gonna suck
 dont blame gop. garland would have been confirmed had dems not gotten smoked in elections from 20102014. nuclearoption 2a usa
 taking friend applications females only gotta be pretty  drama free and a smoker  oh and ya picture taking skills gotta be on point
 havent  even got to smoke ... im done making things worse
 wonder why the car so smokey and i wonder what happened 10 mins after that 
 tyler collins smokes it to rf 10 tiiiiiiiiiiggggggggggggeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrsssssssssssss
 remember when malia obama got caught smoking weed and then wore this after admiration  aspiration. who shes doing 
 i smoke weed religiously  aint no changing that
 @oreillyfactor you need to step up if you did nothing wrong you need to throw caution to the wind and smoke these people.
 for epilepsy patients  new cannabis oil law in virginia is a step in the right direction  via @wtkr3
 sage just confessed he almost sold weed to an undercover cop 
 darian aint smoke in 24 hours and hes so happy he got bud  longestever
 i just seen a girl ask for free weed on snapchat 
 i gotta smoke to keep the fuckery away
 smart kids that smoke weed honor roll.
 theres weed and old starbucks all over the backseat of my car  thanks @serbarica and @bbbyluvz
 yall my aunt really just tagged @elpitio13 in a video of a wedding with weed  
 roll my got dam weed
 good start to the trip   get pulled over in indiana anddd the weeds gone..
 i got smoked 
 @cannoisseurlife great connecting with you guys have a hemptastic day
 got some real weed....
 bro ian never smoked no mid before where you nigga getting that from all ik is pressure
 haha dude next in his car next to mine getting high as fuck even my whole car smells like weed 
 good weed got my mind blown away
 whether you sniff it smoke it eat it or shove it up your ass the result is the same addiction.   william s. burroughs
 this would start to smell like smoke so fast in my car. 
 next girl is describing medical marijuana what a day
 yall my roommate just got busted for weed possession and now i gotta find another ride home
 @nohoesgeech yeah its fucking dope down here i can shoot guns  grow weed  all types of shit on my families land with out being bothered .
 @zarajazmyn @ripcece its a wonderful life but exchange the money for marijuana lol
 so tear it down like u have too the smokes building in my lungs well god damn ive gotta have u ampim not stopping till were done here
 smoking weed on a airplane gotta b so relaxing.. 
 about to smoke this half of blunt i got left
 which other flowers are safe to smoke along with a blunt 
 @ricketyoldshack @smoogymma im glad that they are weeding out the cheaters.
 willy  crackhead gotta eat its this or my own fingers and inner my fingers to smoke my crack. 
 @garrettforva i hope you can make progress rescheduling marijuana so doctors can start doing research to get fda approval.stop prohibition
 aint smoke in so long bouta just quit
 that mouth piece wide as shit   i know u be inhaling some weed  
 whom trynna smoke tonight
 i had some crazy ass dreams man  it be that weed 
 @notafumeta @weedessence gotta love a hottie that smokes
 bouta pull up to planz and smoke a bleezy
 not the most enjoyable game...notre dame got smoked. it was 50 at the end of the 2nd. 30 at 
 so to the ppl thats saving up for a car that still smoke gotta be called bums for gettin high too  
 one thing that drives me crazy is when people grind up weed before smoking it out of a piece
 doctor any drug or marijuana use me no of course not me winks doctor winks
 about to smoke this wood  then walk to the mall and get a haircut  and try not to buy nothin
 alright let me go meet my weed man cuz im over this work day and it aint started yet
 so who trynna smoke 1
 i got high on cannabis oil for a little over 12 hours.
 got this shit called gorilla glue but im scared to smoke it cuz i have shit to do today
 who smokes 10 blunts lol they got that oregano  pack 
 gotta smoke n politic with bro over shit twitter characters aint enough
 that weed been giving me movie dreams lately
 weed n sweets b ex lax baby lol dehydrates  feel like a weed needs water gotta drink a lot of water if smoking a shot b for cough cant hack
 judge try to lock me   cause my pee lil darker but that aint gone solve nun weed solve my problems 
 @tomppabeats u gotta smoke a blunt with it too
 in key west  reporting for everything medical marijuana magazine 
 i hate when people say smoking weed is bad  aint shit wrong with it all .. yo body be relaxed and stressed free
 might smoke and fuck all night but i aint gone stay with that bih
 .@katieglueck .@markshriver .@lindseygrahamsc .@senjohnmccain .@mcclatchydc .@kasie aussie kerfuffle is smoke amp mirrors keep eyes on prize
 this boy out here wildin with this marijuana and bob marley slideshow. 
 910 times ill go local but out of desperation i got a @starbucks smoked butterscotch latte  and... its spectacular. overcaffeinated
 my car is like a weed dispencarysmoke shop. i either find woods  weed  or lighters lmao. i just found all 3 like 5 mins ago. jackpot 
 i been smoking on past cannabis cup winners
 why aint nobody smoked his bitch ass yet  that shit crazy stg 
 gotta smoke we have a case filled with smoking related antiques and collectibles smoking 
 were just on the rise  they just waking up   no i dont supply i just smoke it all   you got the wrong guys you dont know about us
 gotta smoke we have a case filled with smoking related antiques and collectibles smoking 
 gotta smoke we have a case filled with smoking related antiques and collectibles smoking 
 lil pieces of weed and glitter sprinkled all over my outfit i found my aesthetic
 riding round with my main bitch. she got her own weed  she stay blunted.
 debunking cannabis myths  anxietysafe sativa strains  not all sativas have the same effects 
 lmao fuck it i got my weed  
 the weeds gone we mourn at night
 i know its double standard cause i smoke lol but when girls are border line alcoholic. hell naw. lol
 ivthcmeds there in everyone  gotta smoke these things tonight on stage with @herolbc amp 
 i forget smoking weed is illegal the majority of the time
 jus file my income tax n got a free 50 bill. that made up for this week weed expenses
 @kdurr22braves btw  ive done this 40yrs amp if u think he really won smoke some more crack if it wasnt 4 @putinrfeng fbi gop wiki  u lose
 gop act like theyve mandate smoke more crack u stole election w @putinrfeng @fbi guiliani wiki all colluded gop r thugs  liars  thieves
 everytime i smoke i gotta have a gatorade 
 @uhhyeahdude my mom has a master plan to make my grandparents land in iowa a weed farm when its legal hmu if you want in on the family biz
 i get so hungry when i smoke i kould eat almost anything lol
 my rommate asked if i smoked or drink lol both
 why do i gotta visit my weed guy if my car needs maintenance 
 dumbass dom decides to smoke a blunt in my sisters car infront of my house so now my mom needs the car and she gone bitch at me
 walked right into that cigarette smoke 
 hmmmm cover band show at the spleen or 70s hippie themed valentines day weed party...
 there are somethings i am conservative on some things i am progressive on .....child molestation i am liberal  on legal weed liberal ....
 this man cliff from the hempstead car wash cleaned my car carpet with a wave brush i had to tip him
 @trumpmovementus @alicecoven thats because she is losing her next election. its all smoke and mirrors wglobalists dont fall for it.
 this other dude got caught with a whole zip lock bag of weed
 not only is my wallet gone... but so is my weed 
 when u walk past campus police smoking a cig on ur smoke free campus 
 just got done with a smoke sesh at sierras  got home and my daddys makin tacos
 dont got no weed man  nothing on tv what is life right now
 if i smoke this blunt im gone forget you
 the weed gone we morn at night
 i wonder how much weed i done smoke all my life
 been rewatching some older stuff on dvd and holy smokes was the user experience awful compared to streaming. menus  trailers  warnings  etc.
 lol that alcohol be working wonders with the weed in it though 
 when i used to smoke lmaooo 
 who got a blunt and trynna smoke me out 
 ermac and ninja smoke was them hittas 
 lmaooo all we do is smoke  
 folks think im bullshitting till they come out here and be zooted off a preroll that aint even topshelf.. but yall swear you smoke only og
 live and direct.  talking about the new shit the tribe has coming. smoke with me sit back and enjoy.  
  alex jones smoking weed
 not much flavor other than smoke. if they added kaffir lime leaves i think... dr. gibbler  photo
 aint smoked all day  thats why im mad
 what if doctors asked you do you smoke drink or sniff lmao
 went to @starbucks and ordered a smoked butterscotch frapp and they gave me a hot one  but i didnt say anything bc i hate confrontation
 who trynna link and smoke tonight  
 dear lawyers  we need you. rethink the platform is not visibly burning. for many  it is hard to see any smoke.  
 the 2 chaps who entered bart at wcshared 1 last hit of the marijuana cigaretteanyone who hides on the platform to smoke is in a bad place.
 only at combat training was it completely normal to hear rifles  machine guns  gernades  and see smoke bombs at all hours of the day . 
 i got some weed though and a pack of goodies
 the democrats  liberals should smoke a joint   lighten up and let people who are qualified to run our country 
 and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 finna smoke whos bleezy
  smokes claudia got a jumpstart on her summer body with my system and needless to say she 
 donald trump is going to forget the deed to my student loans. stick that in your marijuana 
 im going to listen to your show through the wind..and send me smoke signals  since i cant attend lol. nativehumor 
 lmao adea aint play me back because i didnt smoke w her
 got caught smoking weed by the police today...
  a pair of smoked boots delivered to his door  im weak. you gotta chill 
 holy smokes what a double ot win by @towsonmbb . also a great night with the @towsontigers honor roll students 
 who trynna smoke
 im glad i got my own car and can roll my own weed huhhhhh
 you loveeee the weed 
 i be like and a mf out of smokes  it aint no weed  im just gon sang my face off thursdayfrights
 lol gotta smoke first
 i stg my car stay smoked out i deadass need some blunt spray damn 
 assignment bring in a piece of culture that relates to your life... girl stands up i brought a sweatshirt directly related to cannabis
 gotta roll one  maybe smoke two  just to get my mind off of you.
 this is what adults do  they smoke their taxes and they do their weed in the car afterwards
 ian a fan of females that smoke
 proud to see the hippies uniting in the name of hemp 
 when you hungry as fuck but waiting to smoke cause you know you gone be hungry again after you smokelt 
 sometimes when i smoke i forget a lot of shit especially shit dealing with some bullshit or mfs not listening to me
 when you gotta turn down a smoke sesh cause youre sick as fuck 
 she told me no i should invest in a marijuana dispensary. gotta find one worth it.
 @msaredmond oh  not to miss the 3dprinted bronchi of a smoker makered makerspace diy
 all i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed  really nothing too tragic.
 lol nigga aint nobody trynna smoke a black with a dude 
 ive got feathers in my hair...i get high on hydroponic weed. 
 bitch. i have weed and you aint here. smh @equihuajesus
 only time i smoke is when i got a lot on my mind
 @23hoos i mean i smoke but my kids str8 a honor roll living and riding good. for me to be only 25
 i have 500 invested in weed 
 anyone got weed they can serve meeee
 omg idk what weed she smoking but there has to be some level of crazy before she got high. i dont dress up i just 
 time to smoke a bowl  amp fall asleep watching brickleberry 
 for valentines day i want weed  lingerie  and sushi
 told vikki the only way i want to be woken up today is with a venti smoked butterscotch latte from starbucks.
 its amazing how much gets smoked just so i can fall asleep
 so bitch  lets fuck so i can smoke again i gotta smoke again i got shit to do
 @anntaylorrrr lol too bad ian use it to smoke
 trying to fall asleep without weed 
 @samanthamejia @grayashleyy i got you lol its between assmunch and ganja.
 @samanthamejia @grayashleyy lmao ganja assmunch roofy  gotchu.  and whats your hamsters name again
 come smoke a blunt and fall asleep with me
 idea weed  food  parked car and help each build some bomb playlists
 my baby dont smoke but she double cupping
 whats her weed prices 
 i smoke to forget
 i got to smoke before i do anything or it aint gone go right 
 holy smokes @jacktomczak with the ultimate brown nose joke on todayss @upandatemshow do not be drinking coffee at 43 min mark. jackandben
 these mfrs act like they aint never got nudes or smoked weed .. 
 @foxnews @vbernero  i live right next 2 refugees last summer man with machete in my yard terrified called police guy weeding but still
 @romudeth i weed games out like thiswhats worth 60 now vs what can wait and possibly be 40 or less.
 my weed vs more weed
 gotta rap the weed 10x smell it 
 tasty thc promises and challenges of cannabis edibles  
 never knew about the millerspencer connection. where theres smoke.... 
 insurer must cover novascotia mans medical marijuana human rights board 
 now that im older im realizing college niggas trash like yall broke af i gotta pay for weed  barely go out on dates and just be laid up
 wtf is wrong with weed  still holding mt.v shares called rbcthey told me that the new shares have not yet been released by weed
 goodmorning to everyone except the got damn landscaping guys weed whacking for the past hour 
 going off the grid this weekend. if you need me  you can reach me by smoke signals or carrier pigeon. see ya monday
 @mitchellreports @sruhle that was extremely enlightening and what i of course knew. its all smoke and mirrors.
 just spent 12 days in washingtonstate . got to do lots of cool shit. smoked some bad flower and 
 when my dad and i watch smoke signals 
 sometimes you just gotta smoke a blunt and forget all the bs 
 i knew i shouldnt of smoked with isacc he got me sick 
 government promotes nuclear and prohibits hemp. 
 got all this damn weed and cant clean my room smh lol
 a cop walks past me and @haaaleyy13 in jimmy johns haley i have weed in my purse
 just gone stay in commerce this weekend. smoke amp chill.
 i does be so happy for smokey that he finally got a child that is athletic   cause me and nicole just useless 
 4 the new yorker  feb 13  2017 the hand of the statue of liberty holds up its torch  the flame has gone out and smoke floats up from it.
 aint got no one to smoke one and pour with me..
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you.
 if i smoke this blunt girl ima forget you
 if i smoke this blunt girl ima forget you 
 fck all that perfect gift shit i aint met nobody to buy me js or weed yet so im still patiently waiting
 preorder weeds new lp born wrong love over at smoking room limited to 250 
 gotta smoke some before i clock in
 just gone buy more weed 
 @washingtonpost i knew it. even on election day the anarchists all is staged. his meetings w techretail press conferencen smoke mirrors
 i got to get this situation handle next weed
 i want to smoke and eat sushi i might just have to take myself on a date lol
 got weed now who gone roll it
 a smoke and no pancakes @ lyon college 
 is the smoked butterscotch frappe good
 @jacquesjazz44 phil smoke meat 
 follow us on weedmaps for our up to date menu on everything cannabis related. 
 it aint the whiskey it aint the cigarettes it aint the stuff i smoke its all these thing i cant forget.
 plan today smoke dope and play the game all day
 i really gotta smoke this blunt
  it should be illegal that theres no weed in these.
 im rolling weed thats fuckin up the ozone i got a bitch that text me she aint got no clothes on 
 walked into starbucks and  asked if they had weed....the cashier said meet her outside in 8 minutes. 
 lmao smokes a splif before a game jheez 
 do soulja boy not know he gotta be in shape for a fight boy smoke every night
 @kosherkielbasa1 i know right weed legalization is so sick
 ud  middlesex  monroe  21 englehard dr  working fire  water supply in place  heavy smoke in warehouse  searches underway
 when youre hanging with your friends and they start smoking illegal marijuana 
 its about 6 years overdue. thanks to the crack dealers  errr @federalreserve  the supply is still there to smoke. 
 its weird that i dont really have an appetite unless its lunch time or after i smoke.... whats going on with me
 @jasontrinkle14 @thehill fuck off  redneck... i smoke pot for a living  and you can kiss my liberal ass  dumbshit white trash loser
 trynna cop a half and smoke myself to death this weekend.
 @sentedcruz  senator cruz we wiil be watching when you smoke communist bernie sanders on your upcoming debate. we love   you go get him
 rewatching weeds yasssss
 anybody tryna smoke im bored
 @jlar20 @omeeezychappo ya baby mama wish that she knew me  popped a xan then smoked a doobie 
 yeen gone see nun but smoke coming from that nissan  aint playing
 at the red wings game and bae gets up to go smoke  he says to me  dont fall in love with anybody while im gone lol no worries babe
 finna smoke this blunt niggas got me hot
 @mrloon3y scout an smoked   we won strike lose backlot crash  didnt play crossfire once the whole tourney
 the bart car i just got on was filled with weed smoke. it was like the fda set fire to a pot field in there.
 im as gone as ive ever been and it aint weed or whiskey  baby
 and still got a blunt to smoke
 holy shit i miss weed amp boys
 i have 2 cars and i specifically only use one of them to smoke weed in
 my brother asked me if he should try weed im dead
 i only smoke when i got a headache or when i am exhausted. a long say calls for a cigarette
 im high but i aint got no weed  habit  i just got a shoe  and getting cheese  fetish 
 niggas dont be knowing nothing about bob marley except the fact that he smoked weed a lot smh
 @wilson00 like i gotta lot of crack or weed
 i know it aint mine but i want it so bad  the smoke and the whiskeys got me feeling easy
 @livepd asksticks do all police smell weed in cars they pull over or walk up on
 @aetv asksticks livepd what do you do if someone has a medical marijuana card
 uh  we gotta problem back here what theres too much weed back here
 who trynna smoke
 glad i got to show off my athleticism at the basketball game tonight when i almost got smoked on the face by a  
 just tryna smoke a bleezy  baby
 aye omm ima start snitching on weed mans  because yall niggas aint never no where to be found when i need some.
 i got hella weed and money for liq whats the play 
 im in the back of the police car still flexin police found weed on my lip fuck12 
 i smoke weed because...i think im mentally in a bad place. i put a smile on my face to cover it up but i smoke so i can forget.
 i asked my brother why he smoked with brown bong water and he said it helps me prove im not a racist
 a quarter in one week me and my girl got weed problems 
 got a bottle weed and nothing to do 
 on the aesthetics of this the smoke is ugly. gradients of the fumes clash with the flatness of the hand and torch. 
 still aint smoke
 ive got some smokes if youve got a light
 if i smoke this blunt girl ima forget you
 it be crazy everybody always got some weed on snapchat but when you hit em up they aint never got nun.
 im trynna smoke a wood 
 im so uncomfortably full that i just had to leave jenna mindy and julian in the diner so i could smoke a cigarette in my car. im in pain.
 i wonder if life smokes after it fucks me.
 who trynna smoke with me
 when i get back to cali me and my boy @cmulaaaaaaaa gotta smoke a wood.
 when you got trade coming over to smoke with you at 1am..... hmmmm
 @chiicappeal the smoke cycle is as follows... i am at stage hungry 
 i got weed with nothing to roll up with  sad af
 shouts out to my therapist in 11th grade who asked if i was smoking the weed
 when you are watching joe rogan x alex jones and alex jones hits the weed 
 all i wana do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed really nothing too drastic 
 mannnnn lemme smoke .... idk why but this shit kinda got me slight irked 
 my dad asked me why my car smelled and what ive been doing in my car. then he asked me if i was vaping weed...
 thank you gotta lick you play it cool smoke and grin with me but im watching you like a judge doing sentencing
 on that candy  alcohol  and weed diet
 holy. shit just found a little jar of weed..im now positive that the weed gods are watching over me.  dontblowmyhigh blessmyhigh
 as soon as i got in the house my mom says you been smokin weed lol gotta love black moms
 girl took my hat in a circle....so i smoked her.
 real life all the koo girls who used to smoke and tup got prego in 2014.
 @aafo4ever weedo suprt oourr trups  gotta love that trups.3 star 
 we need a smokefriendly spot to watch the game when we land in atlanta tomorrow..
 ubertales is back. this driver has 7 pine fresheners on his mirror...to try to cover up the weed smell.  probably needs 10.
 you gone smoke you gone smoke you gone drink you gone drink u gone roll u gone roll
 smoking marijuana louder than a gun clap
 or we not smoke indica 
 im not that press to smoke aint no weed taxi here my car take gasoline not weed  
 after smokin the same weed for a min you gotta get some new shit  cuz it dont be gettin you high no more 
 i never had a near death experience smoking weed but man say  that alcohol aint nothing to play with
 reasons why you should never smoke mary in your car
 gotta smoke after i leave this bitch omm
 why did i sleep all day amp why is the only weed in the house sativa this is not ok
 stop spamming me your weed on sc. im good i get my own shit bruhh
 trump gone legalize weed man. we gone really need it w you in office.
 guyzmake sure smoke plenty of loose realtobacco it triggers vapers liberals when find out it aint is it weed bs amp uptight judgypicky bit
 the day before i got called for a job interview my mom asked if i   wanted to smoke i see u devil i see u
 it stimulates production of.. uhh.. whats it called i think it starts with an e guy telling me about his book on legalizing marijuana
 my step dad deadass told me i can only have a party if people bring him weed..... im out 
 that shit aint funny. some people need to smoke to get an appetite. 
 starbucks smoked butterscotch latte with great art. latte latteart @ starbucks 
 aint enough weed in ya blunt you smoking hella paper  
 @thereal1ishere hell yea  gotta do whatcha gotta do  retire  then smoke all ya want
 the weed in my car is beyond frozen 
 hate that i have no appetite unless i smoke
 @chucknellis before i smoke another let me say this one more time you are a fucking racist piece of shit antiamerican russian sympathizer
 but we gotta smoke for my birthday  
 slowly gotta start cutting down the weed intake.
 jar full of weed baby girl i got plenty
 somebody is on this train selling smoke pieces  i have seen it all
 @mattehalt cheated is a broad term implying a guy smoking weed is the same as paying athletes to play. what they did was minor.
 just thanked a man for standing outside his car while he smoked a cigarette when his child was in the car...some faith restored today 
 shouldve put some cologne before you smoked  
 i gotta smoke wit yahh cuhh  where you gone be at 
 danny brown has smoked some crack in his life and i love him for that
 @drmondomft what is the best diet plan im 70 years old only power walks need to lose 35 pounds i dont smoke and barely drink wine or beer
 she aint even smoke but she swear i got that dope d
 mikepence neilgorsuch will join scotus one way or the other amp the democrats can put that in their crack pipes amp smoke it.
 how do you forget smoke break  
 saturday smoke  long live the king marquis corojo caldwellcigars longlivetheking 
 funny. theres also an invasive weed in the white house. wonder if related  
 2nd venti cup of smoked butterscotch. im hanging in there. @ starbucks 
 @tarleennxo bitch im the finesse king fuck u aint knooo i get free gas aint even gotta smoke w the nigga   u dont kno shit shawdy
 @djthesasquatch bob the tomatoe with a smoken hot bod.
 fuck a doctor this weed doing wonders
 venti smoked butterscotch  no whip @ starbucks in buena park  ca 
 i think we gone smoke amp lay up tn 
 aint no weed in that 
 bottle of fresh water wedged in my asscrack. seeking thirsty spelunker. smokesignal me. apocalypsepersonalads
 just about smoked a buck 
 day 3 loveyourinnergeek sorry its a day late. awesome vanilla scent i love hemp products. so sustainable  
 in my dream life during the week i would wake up  smoke and do shit like explore california in a day amp on the weekends be a doctor 
 watching the past go up in smoke..
 fuck i shouldve told yesenia to come over amp help me amp smoke
 @derekalmightyy smoke that shit
 sometimes i forget that weed isnt legal  tbh
 after i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you. 
 @dizzlegod moore st. where the weed at lol
 got weed but no blunt 
 why everybody gotta smoke
 im trynna smoke
 gotta be 21 for most the good ones   turning 18 really dont have benefits unless you smoke  
 @hillaryronen @maliacohen yay while minorities continue to be driven out by rent prices. its all a smokescreen.
 the smoke that giggly bits popped after they shouldve scored shouldve masked the reveal of a massive care like we do display imo
 being weeded in a restaurant is a crazy feeling  like you dead forget to be human and black out for an hour while juggling 30 things at once
 my man doesnt smoke  drink and loves water.  im so glad  
 oh well i got books i got music i got weed
 i some smoke..
 keep that water and weed 
 when i get bored i just get loaded and go to bed lmao but guess who aint got no weed 
 deciding to rewatch all of weeds has been the only good decision ive made lately
 lmaooo they smoke too much for this 
  they aint a smoker 
 smoke a lot of weed but got her shit together. 
 o you want smoke do you well alrighty then . 
 trump is along with steve b ninja   flashe   puff of smoke throwing  strategists.  nothing more. dont stand for it
 lost my cousin on my bday so i gotta smoke...
 finna smoke the fattest blunt by myself
 @3supmonstcr @kingnicknp @rammyyhimself weedmaps v15
  you gotta be on some down low shit to be getting free weed  
 who trynna smoke a blunt  
 tripped out me left my weed at the crib  wtf
 this weed got me feeling some type of way 
 wishing i had some weed and piece with me perooo ando valiendo vergaa...
 i want to smoke a blunt and do a facemask and schleep 
 wishing i had some weed and a bong with me pero ando valiendo verga
 i have no probs with the smell of smoke but why yall gotta do it in the house. it gets in the furniture 
 @grantstern @mapattonmike  this site helps weed through some trash fast
 yall got weed 
 im as gone as ive ever been and it aint weed or whisky baby
 gotta smoke while you wait for the edibles to hit  
 dj fugie and cj got my car smelling like cigarette smoke and ion even smoke that shit 
 i got on my shit kickers  got smoke coming out my fingers  again
 gotta love getting ditched to go smoke and drink
 finna smoke this dank and forget about my problems
 trynna smoke
 whos weed mans is this lmaooo 
 i can smoke again on monday. im beyond happy
 whos up and trynna smoke hit 
 i got lean  i got kush i got dope i got smoke i got hoes i got flow fuck a hoe  in the throat
 smh im just trynna smoke
 this girl got marijuana infused bath bombs okkkk
 gone smoke myself back to sleep this aint gone get it
 nor cal smoke gt sol cal smoke
 what kinda boys you like  me weed
 lmfao the homie in a deep sleep thats crazy. weed got some power
 like we all eat dinner  smoke  have deep talk  and fall asleep to the office  im the last awake. pretty much it.
 too tired to get to my weed  too woke to fall asleep
 the wya texts were my girls. who i was supposed to go meetup with. i got weeded instead.
 vics never up with me to smoke this early 
 i have had better trips to vancouver but i have also had worse.  snowstorm hurt but the sushi was great and the weed like smoke..untouchable
  aint no damm chimney...dont need no smoke blown up my ass...thanks thou..now move along 
 amp if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you  
 if the falcons win i gotta smoke one
 i got a fiend that smoke now cause he aint got no mo veins left
 @hurstcules  a smoke amp a pancake or maybe a bong amp a blintz 
 israel takes step toward allowing export of medical marijuana  
 told twon pass me the blunt   he think im playing lmaooo   i need one ampamp i dont even smoke 
 man i thought weed was legal down here thinkin they got dispensaries an all 
 have you tried the new smoked butterscotch latte we have it here at vt starbucks in a frappuccino  too
 found me a whole blunt from the party last night in my pocket lmao who aint finna smoke it 
 @moussachris @famousdex nah he smokes papers and fronto now ohmangoddamn
 i was gone for 2 days and come home to an apartment filled with smoke... anthony tried cooking pancakes
 at the rowan county fairgrounds. the site of some wild smoke outs. too small for todays smoke 
 yoo you gotta put that different weed smokers video on here boss @shawndontweets
 my jacket reaks and my pops just asked me if i smoked haha
 why my mom find some weed in my car 
 oh shit my mom found the weed...... lmaooo
 @breitbartnews hes got to stop. its like look listening to an angry old man that smoked too much. please bruce  cut your tongue out
 my damn coworker is a damn weed head hes been talking bout weed for the past 45 mins
 keep vaping girl  it gets soooo much easier to not smoke i promise 
 i found my wallet with all my money in it  gotta smoke myself out
 lets not forget tryna get smoked out 247 lol .  @sniperstevens 
 somebody bring me some weed im trying be on snapchat smoking but aint got no weed
 @rickyichsan cobain smoked butterscotch latte @starbucks deh. bit better than chai tea latte  much supperior than dark cherry moca pastinya
 @only1tynajah i aint gone never stop im smokey from friday  i was just bullshittin mane 
 i need to find me a girl asap she gotta smoke though 
 @ripliltaytay u aint know bout that nor cal magic. we got the some of the best weed in the usaworld
 i got all the weed 
 anyone tryna smoke before i gotta work at 2
 mann this car got the whole highway smokey....
 love the new smoked butterscotch lattelight syrup of course. @ starbucks 
 @gavinivester and beats are worse. its just all marketing amp smoke and mirrors
 im trynna smoke like 10 ls amp watch the game
 i got faith in my weed man
 turns out the weed man that got married yesterday knocked his ol lady up lol
 all i want is to  smoke n my  aint coming through 
 im finna go smoke in mycar ampfigure it out..  .im really hella hungry
 bouta smoke me a phatty n forget about it all .
 gotta be talking bout smoke.. whew lmao smh 
 i pull up to trecys and my car starts to smoke and shake... awesome. 
 @chchristian @thedoomdoll you two are just at the top of your weed game. 
 im just trynna smoke  cake up amp watch the game.
 i see a whole lotta weed been smoked but nun of yall shopping 
 @revsherman by that logic if a smart guy from washington state smoked weed and weed became illegal there is no change he would be on...
 im at smoke on the water in greenville  sc 
 still no weed friendly places for me to watch the game sooooo
 it bothers me that people smoke cigarettes within the context of photography for aesthetic
 these weed men aint shit
 gone smoke this blunt but i know its not gone help nothing at all.
 i was gonna do a teal smokey eye but practice got me dead i dont even wanna put on concealer tbh
 i wonder if tami lahren has ever smoked weed
 keep it a buck atlanta bout to get smoked lmao
 im trynna smoke a backwooddddd
 @oliviaaautumn we gotta smoke a super bowl 
 i found out that if i drive fast you cant notice the smoke coming out of my car so i hope i dont get pulled over for speeding
 shouldve never started dabbing cause weed does nothing for me anymore its so sad
 trynna smoke... im stressed
 im pretty sure johnny unitas smoked on the sideline and called his own game. likeaboss superbowl 
 blount smoked a blount before the game
 trynna smoke a blunt before my game
 been smoking so much weed lately .
 someone shouldve bet me weed on this game
 just a reminder that the cleveland browns traded julio jones for brandon weeden  trent richardson  owen marcic  phil taylor  and greg little
 this game reminds me of sb48 when the almighty broncos got smoked 438 by the seahawks
 gotta love watching the patriots getting smoked by the falcons.  hope the birds can keep it up  sb51
 @flolofarms @woodyva @davefarmsgood @marcelvanst @kerrylunn @beansca ask @stevetwynstra  about processing hemp..up in smoke..
 .@wokeyusa only chiefs qb to win a super bowl smoked heaters. 
 my mom trumps gotta get off that tweeter and stop throwing smoke balls
 nothing fun bout getting smoked 
 those evil entities at that sundance all of them needhave to die there the reason weed is illegal main reason is because of her joann kitto
 its time to stop pussyfooting around with these democrats  have fbi look into democrat corruption  plenty of smoke 
 im just trynna smoke tonight
 butler got smoked lmaoooo
 the kicker smoked that hoe 
 its 4th and 20 who trynna smoke
 tom brady in a full body cast in the hospital matt ryan walks in with a cigar and blows smoke in his oxygen tube
 @ebrooksuncut wrong draft. they had him at 6 and traded it to atlanta for 4 picks.. those picks became phil taylor  owen marecic and weeden
 julio jones gt weeden  taylor  and whatever other bum we took 
 havent even gone out once for a smoke thats how into this game i am 
 falcobs bouta smoke their last timeout too lmaooo
 jalen collins been getting smoked all game
 the best thing to happen to lagerette blount was getting caught with weed in his car with leveon bell
 blount sees free newspaper to roll up and use to smoke
 i smoked weed just so i can fall asleep
 no one trynna smoke ok
 damn i wonder how mfs smoke all day long
 just smoke some of that gelato to forget about it 
 bob marley birthday tribute with the amazing cannabis cup band bbkingbluesnyc bobmarleytribute 
 me amp dasia literally be waiting for ladaisa ass for a whole 30 mins just to smoke 
  aint smoked withcu inna minute
 all i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed  really nothing to jurastic
 how my body be feeling after i smoke 
 @bmpearce smoke a bleez and paint some happy little trees
 bae and i started to fall asleep then we remembered we have to smoke anotha blunt...
 @oolonging weed bomb
 @kellyannepolls is resorting to footstomping  tantrumthrowing tactics. meltdown in 321. throwing smoke bombs t 
 i am disgusted at the amount of weed being wasted in this video. 
 shouldve gone to smoke again.
 worse come smoke with me 
 @realdonaldtrump good game how bout year golf practice and chat my disabled golf pro dad me you nineteen hole smoke room
 im at a very confusing part of my life right now thank god weed and greys anatomy exist
 need some weed so i can fall asleep
 israel takes step toward allowing export of medical marijuana 
 who tryna smoke summ
 debating on whether to smoke or just continue to lay here amp hope i fall asleep 
 @mrdibsgotscampi what kinda weed u got lol
 @lanijdav @civilizedengr @candegdl @kompulsion @ebyzio you weedy baby
 trying to not drink alcohol or smoke weed and drink nothing but water for a month  made it 4 days so far
 @skrongmeat you gotta smoke these while bumping j cole
 @realdonaldtrump this double standard needs to stop i have never been a pot smoker  but i do take cbd with wonderful results and no highs
 gotta stop mixing alcohol with weed man
 whens the next marijuana mania coming out @berner415
 sometimes i forget how strongly tied anxiety and nausea are for me. thank goodness for cannabis.
 thelastcall the one when phil explained handling bees like women by blowing a little smoke up them was classic.
 @realdonaldtrump why the fuck is weed still illegal you piece of shit
 @realdonaldtrump @presssec  @xeni cloistered  u seen @flotus  shes smokes hot  shes modern jackie o. the pres is no monk you hack
 accepting new friends who smoke way more than drink   play video games  who wants to do fun shit and is respectful of relationships 
 yeah he got smoked lmao but he was never a great man to man guy anyway. gotta let him play free 
 the patriotsgoodell feud is great because everyone else hates goodell for punishing weed worse than violence and covering up cte.
 theres nothing more satisfying than going out for a smoke 
 now i gotta go get some more weed lol
 @peezyyxo such a shame for weed to be just thrown out like that lol never again am i shopping on friday
 @megguhn thats dead you gotta smoke inside.
 claiming privacy is a smokescreen to unjustifiably evade critical transparency about government operations. 
 who got the best weed in dallas texas 
 whos trynna smoke a blunt with me
 thanks for the smoke out sesh last night @channelband and @whitenight420 we r the walruses koo koo koo chu
 when you forget that you got weed to roll and find it in your jacket gtgtgt 
 been smoking this weed cause im stressing
 your movies are freaking hilarious your awesome seth put that in your pipe and smoke it 
 i aint playing about the blunt lol  someone smoke with me
 nothin wrong wit a little reefer 
 @patvpeters it should weed them out just like you do your garden or flower bed weeds strangle whats good
 filming a vid tonight about when i smoked weed at work cause im a piece of shit swag
 @zoealmighty naw now you gotta get higher cause i aint smoke yet today
 im trynna smoke mane
 my car just got smoked with bird shit as im pulling out of the car wash.. sick joke today
 @lizreeser73 youre judging someone for smoking weed. idk if its just me or not  but theres a lot worse things than smoking a little weed
 all i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed  really nothin too drastic
 i gotta smoke again  i got shit to do
 niggas askin me whats wrong  blew some smoke up out my nose and said im gone.
 about an hour into the training for my new job and they showing me all the places i can smoke. lol
 chesapeake rockfish with parsley root  baby leek amp smoked ham hock  eatlocal with @chefateve @alextimesnews 
 i smoked so much weed from 20092016 like im only getting older i gotta chill
 hed be trash cus theres no 3 point line and he smoke too much to wanna drive to the hole anymore. me and you woul 
 literally everybody that smokes uses their iphone boxes for something weed related.. amp i just dont 
 @cocainechucky mann im like damn im really gone walk in a shop full of strains amp gotta pick what ima smoke today  hardest decision ever lol
 daddy smoke so the doctor call us crack babies
 gotta smoke a l before math class
 @markw2112 lets not forget phil taylor and weeden and owen morecic and tr.
 jhi like trying smoke 
 all i want to do is forget about my past  and smoke a little weed  really nothin to drastic 
 @tolltac i loved to watch her stuff .through the long lovely nights she filled my sleep. her body swaying to smokey beat down on main street
 @meetthepress sounds like ryan amp trump are smoke amp mirrors regards aca if its such a disaster20mil people enjoying it
 great first game by seniors nicole weed 204 and kayla kawyn 257.  congratulations ladies @greecearcadia
 i gotta smoke a blunt
 debating whether i should smoke my blunt before class starts
 resident ronnie wright said he came home to find hoards of police and paramedics at the complex on smokey wood drive.
 guys next to me @ the flyers game pulled 3 weed brownies and a clementine out of his pocket 
 girl i need like 12 now. my nerves bad amp i aint smoked in 3 days amp thats been the longest  
 @thamaineevent not really  as far as health and ki ur right but move sets play a big factor. and i smoke niggas with normal yamaha lol
 forgetlingerie candyamp boringflowers. thisvalentines day  give an organic cannabis bouquet from @lowellfarms 
 free smoke since u tryna act gully  
 you really gotta cut down or stop completely talking about marijuana you see people overdosing on it all the time. my doctor 2016
 i gotta go smoke
 bron walked and smoked it.
 say it aint so smoke @guwap  dang man
 lebron smoked a wide open game winning layup
 lebron smoked a wide open layup and then hits the hardest 3 of the game for ot
 grandma called me and told me she hit the weed 1 time cause she missed me. man i gotta hurry up amp get back to my country
 grandma called me amp said she hit the weed one time cause she miss me so much.  gotta shoot out real soon
 mfs act like they gotta smoke everyday
 gotta keep your weed men on their toes smh
 just got back from ot niggaz lifes just got saved cuz if i had that stick like the other 99 of the time u pussy niggaz would be smoked
 legalized marijuana is breeding enormous amount of illegal sales due to illegal being nearly 50 cheaper. that must stop. hannity
 ima just smoke up amp forget it
 riding smoke
 beyonc lil sis got some smokers
 i dont smoke and never smoked a day in my life aint saying nothing wrong with it just not my thing 
 i aint gone lie i got my ass crossed  i dont deserve to smoke this loud no lie
 who tryna smoke   cuz i got loud 
 after i smoke this blunt girl im going to forget you.
 theres nothing worse than knowing your moms asleep and not having a bowl to smoke on the way home
 gotta smoke just to fall asleep these days smh ... too much on my mind 
 food aint good unless you smoke
 thats why i smoke on my dates . 
 on my weedhead shit listening to bruce springsteen in a members only jacket
 someone is texting you about how they hate weed smokers. so now you  gotta contain your high
 fuuuuck ibuprofen but i really have no weed. guess i gotta sacrifice my liver just to feel decent
 if you trynna smoke me out with some backwoods dm me
 @j3sssz girl aint it weed world in sc
 still be riding uptown blowing goood smoke 
 whos trying to smoke my piece shattered into a million pieces last week and i aint rolling a blunt everytime i smoke. not anymore.
 only way ima fall asleep is if i smoke 
 but i gotta smoke
 i got the bad weed blues
 always a sad moment when someone hits me up to smoke and i have to decline cus i been sober since dec amp i want a better job 
 tfw @seanspicer is yr weed guy 
 i cant believe this ounce of weed i got on feb 1st is almost gone and its just the 6th lol
 i have a bob marley blanket hanging on my room wall  amp i wonder if every time my parents walk in my room  they wonder if i smoke 
 finna smoke this gas and fall asleep
 i shouldve smoked b4 coming inside 
 im trynna smoke
 and i promise you my weed crop will prove that pesticides are the wrong choice.
 press play on this new hot video... derain smoke let me know if you think the videos hot or not
 press play on my newest video... derain smoke tell me if you think its hot or not.. 
 @johncornyn  next mode of communication  a smoke signal do not confirm de vos  woefully unqualified our kids deserve better listen
 got a blunt full of weed
 shit aint been the same since my boys smoked their mans 
 somethings wrong here. you live in amsterdam smoke the herb girl 
 i only want to smoke a lot of weed and a bomb ass happy hr and an unexpected teddy bear for valentines thats all
 thats no excuse i smoke like a bihhhh but if its important i aint gone forget 
 why are you smoking a banana cause smoking weed is illegal
 man i just love watching videos on snapchat of people smoking weed 
 man i just love watching videos on snapchat of people smoking weed 
 but i find myself really liking to smoke a cigar here and there. i always brush like a mad man afterwards  then febreeze my clothes.
 how about showing that game winning lay up he smoked the play before 
 i aint got no babies. i aint got no open cases besides this lil weed charge. i dont even looking at niggas for beef no more just .
 how this plays out is i narrowly avoided eye contact with the crazy man  got a headache from his smoke  and just now made it to manhattan
 i rolled a blunt @ 8 lastnight amp aint smoked it cause i aint got a lighter 
 got my own weed if i need to roll up
 i lost my brother yea i gotta smoke
 prevalence of past month subdtance use by us youth 1217 in 2014 by past marijuana use. cadcaforum 
 kinda weedman aint got his car
 @laceyup @drphil phil dragged shelly duvall to treatment. she refused to get out of car. wanted to smoke  refused to take meds. went home.
 just brushed my teef   if i smoke will it taste weird
 @smoothorator you gotta smoke some loud while listening to the gawd. takes it to another level. so ive heard.
 day 1 for now. i will be moody translatejerk. try i will to be good. missing my cannabis already. goal 4 this year to move.
 cause you still a rookie in this smoke game 
 @cbsnews  annexation pure and simple  one piece  of land after an other  all the noise is a smoke screen.
 my roommates smoke.. my life just got so much easier
 momma found my ball weed she cussed my ass out she said you stupid muthafucka im puttin yo as out 
 gotta smoke outside today
 really just got smoked out before boarding my next stop 
 this other boy just said lil nigga get the wealth and  guaranteed to blow like the weed i smoke i gotta get outta here 
 so to whoever smoked in the girls bathroom amp tried to cover it with a ton of perfume
 i wonder if taz up yet. i need someone to talk to while i smoke this sweet.
 please put up a piece as you smoke a piece of mine and find a peace of mind
 @derekalmightyy smoke that shit
 water main break on decatur between bonanza amp rancho amp intersections of smoke ranch  lake mead  vegas amp washington 
 @loganthebrogan this is cute weedy i feel you
 @poitrascbc correct me if im wrong this government raised taxes on smokes on feb 1 2017
 nah now we gotta hook because i gave you that weed for you tf 
 stare with me into the abyssdo you feel like letting goi wonder how far down it is say it with me  fuck opioids cannabiswellness
 demon in the weeds but they forgive a guy who walked in a church and 
 fast cars  bad bitches  weed amp promethazine 
 hows the iced smoked butterscotch latte from the bucks
 caffeine necessary today i blame @starbucks smoked butterscotch latte amp @naomipriestley for getting me hooked 
 yeah trynna smoke 
 feel bad for anyone that smokes weed but lives in a state where its illegal i literally just left that type of situation cause its dumb.
 next cod xp im definitely booing eric hirshberg. watching him on stage talking about how he cares is just smoke blowing out of his ass.
 to the beat yall  til th mf champagne and weed is gone
 i gotta smoke on drink champs
 so today in yoga i unrolled my mat and a nug of weed flew out and landed by my instructor and she grabs it winks at me and says thanks lol
 i just got asked if i wanna smoke some pot. highlight of my day 
 what ever you need yo i got it whether it money or weed
 liberals raised taxes on smokes on feb 1  2017 is this not a new tax. @nbopposition @jakestewartnb  more liberal li 
 @lunaticplayz smoked out blood drive  rainy gridlock  windy hurrican harbor cmon
 nothing worse than watching someone attractive smoke a cigarette... 
 girl you is my baby  i gotta smoke some weed cause girl you drive me crazy
 i wanna smoke so bad cause im stressed tf out bt i aint gone do it that aint nothing bt the devil 
 alcohol vs weed 
 @aaprilv smoke shop they got the fake piss for the low or you can detox by drinking this certo stuff and drinking a lot of water.
 who got smoke 
 i hate riding in the car with smokers
 update immediately afterwards my manager came outside and asked me why my car was smokey 
 i wish my dad knew how to find his own weed 
 or  the you smoke weed everyday then you aint got nun going for you
 i gotta smoke a blunt before i smoke
 bet trump got this guy gorka cheap. fake news is fox news  so put that in your pipe and smoke it. 
 i wonder how much  of mine my friends have smoked
 still straight with the weed and the liquor these days cuz the new drugs got the kids trippin these days 
 smoking weed  hed never wanna leave the house got an empty cushion on that sofa now hahaha
 wow i got this car hella smoked out 
 im trynna smoke
 she got some babbitt ass weed i aint burning that 
 @caguardiola @kickitupanacho @mythicalcrystal idk what this is about  but if i can smoke pot amp eat snacks wmy dog in this van  im game.
 your weed aint shit  you aint even flush it.
 still straight with the weed and the liquor these days cuz the new drugs got the kids trippin these days
 amp smoke..  
 build a wall and see how many weeds and flowers flourish heretosavela sigmaphoto canonphotography canon6d 
 who got smoke
 @bnn how much of the federal governments decision to legalize marijuana is already priced into canopy growth weed.to thx  ian 
 if you passin the weed im the wide receiver
 @betsydevos my public shool friends i are headed to your house to correct your grammar and smoke blunts in your driveway.
 nothings worse than having to conserve the last bit of weed
 dont smoke but that is kinda awesome lol@hippy @kaixcam
 i intimidate most of these weak ass niggas   like you better know when you step to me   you step correct what u a weed man foh bye
 @viceroy2222 devos is bad. smoke amp mirrors of liberal tirade has conservatives missing real problem  betsy devos. 
 i asked my sis for virginia slims amp havent gotten any in the mail amp now im a little sad because today is a smokeintherain kinda day.
 @rthompson1138 @jensenackles the next dramatic episode you write  fade all the scenes with jensen singing simple man. smokey stage  23
 veteran crew of refs  mccaskey  vs hemp field ll boys
 comcast 66 broadcasting mccaskey  hemp game tonight
 gotta cop another quarter today cz they having a deal on my favorite weed lol.
 @itsmekathsea it is. so much worse for your body. weed is actually medicinal. and fun. lol.
 im trynna smokeeee
 the girl in the car next to me is admiring her make up in her mirror. you go girl slay with that smokey eye 
 up and down. like a playground game.  3 on 2s on both ends david martin robinson dunk a roo 69 47 hemp field  4 to go
 when you see @offsetyrn at lax amp jars of weed fall out of his stuff  got caught up
 this purp i just smoked got me on my ass on me 
 if you got a car. ill smoke you out if you let me hotbox ncat
 if you got a car  ill smoke you out if we hotbox in yo shit ncat
 i smoke because a nigga be stressing
 this weed got me feeling some type of way
 me and jake races earlier  i totally thought i was gonna win  and he totally smoked me
 couldnt have finished this book without the support of @smokeylit ten years ago  smokey cant believe it. 
 i mention marijuana and now i have a new follower 
 being bored amp not having weed is the worst shit ever
 who trynna sell me some weed
 i done seen weed take two lives the moment the government got its hands on it... 
 i need a girl i can take on smoke dates
 eric did you know i got caught smoking weed by the cops me like the north shore cops eric no... im talking about when we got caught
 im trynna quit smoking  but i need something to occupy my time . i only smoke because i be bored so much
 iuse to always say iaint gone never smoke  ihate to say it but ilove to get high now shit have me feeling good af man
 @burnamr @redeyesonline as a truly great man said all cannabis is wellness @stevedeangelo
 i aint even smoked the other half in i almost fell asleep with smoking that hoe  dumb me 
 aint smoke all day
 cute girls that smoke wya 
 @senwarren @senatorsessions as a jew and in in the name of dr. martin luther king  jr.   i pray for america to weed 
 @mqweiner @jordn613 ill be mentioning it to the smokebudsman
 this valebtines about to be lit  i got the magic formula  weed  pizza  my bed bruhh perfect date with myself 
 border officers find nearly 2 tons of weed camouflaged as limes  
 sometimes you just gotta smoke them
 if weda had that dam wawl bilt arreddy dey wudda nevr had ta fine them weed limes innywayz 
 sometimes you just gotta smoke them to the face.
 @w4djt @realdonaldtrump @anncoulter @robertjohndavi @tuckercarlson did they ban her from smoke signals
 whats ya weed man  
 @tonctc @goddamnhelp ton you aint smoking weed no more fam
 if you want smoke.. skmoke then 
 im not gone have no weed for the am
 with all my lifework stress lately i forgot my neighbors are insane.... so much loud noise and i wanna smoke a fucking cigarette.
 nearly 2 tons of marijuana camouflaged as limes  
 @foreveroceona i wanted her to stay my friend. homegirl aint want no smoke so she blocked  amp they gone fake it til they make it cus
 dizzle weed amp boobie @dglizzy24
 my brother really called me 4 times woke me up just so i could go sit in the car with him while he smoked
 oh yah these pass as limes for suuuure. if youre high. on the weed that is camouflaged as limes. 
 smoke longboard smoke icecream
 border officers find nearly 2 tons of weed camouflaged as limes 
 im fucken dead they said your the kid that got caught with weed at a football game 
 @therickwilson now they are throwing out the nazi stuff. smokescreen im figuring. whats going to go on the chopping block next
 @goxic2 smoke signals in the wind...
 wifey isnt a girl who smokes all the time amp fucks you whenever. wifey is a girl who motivates you amp make sure you aint slipping in life 
 this guy is so loud  hes like so i gotta smoke my weed in the cafeteria
 tryna smoke this blunt in 10 min  got myself too high
 @beyondtodaytv @biblestudyguide yep  people starting to put the pieces of the pie together.  also  keep in mind the role of smoke.
 i gotta weed my garden. too many fakes lately
 @senwarren you could always send smoke signals to voice your opposition 
 wasnt the song you put the lime in the coconut   2017 version you put the weed in the lime 
 im trynna smoke a blunt with  bad biddys
 fauxcahontas pretended to be a minority for personal gain. she lied. let her send smoke signals. letlizspeak
 gotta smoke at sunrise to try to shake off this morning bruh
 hump day camels smoke if you got em
 never mind that jus gimmi a smoke signal  respect due to everyone that came out to 
 border patrol agents find marijuana inside fake limes  hidden with real limes abc13 
 border patrol seizes nearly 2 tons of marijuana camouflaged as limes  
 border officers find nearly 2 tons of weed camouflaged as limes 
 border officers find nearly 2 tons of weed camouflaged as limes 
 just wait until the limes are camouflaged as weed. then youll have a story. 
 if you got a car and you smoke in it but you dont want it smelling like roaches all the time you gotta get that blunt power spray 
 patiently waiting for one of the boys to wake up so i can smoke and hopefully finally fall asleep. i have 2 exams todays 
 @bahamajoe0      next princes lieawatha warren will be sending smoke signals.
 deadass finna smoke my lungs out this week sourdiesel
 nothing worse then being in a car with a bogie smoker
 border officers find nearly 2 tons of weed worth 790 000 camouflaged as limes fox59morning 
 my bf got the pax vaporizer and i got him to smoke cbd flower for his first time. igotmybftosmoke stonerchick success 
 border officers in texas find nearly two tons of weed camouflaged as limes 
 border officers find nearly two tons of weed camouflaged as limes 
 stop locking people up if you gave out mid grade weed for your election @realdonaldtrump
 @silencedhippie you are like my stoner buddy when i smoke alone 
 if im wit you and i got weed you got weed too mfs be petty
 anybody can have good highlights....even quinn  weeden  mccoy and rgiii had some highlights find the lowlights  
 rolled a blunt n aint even smoke it wtf wrong with me
 why does everyone who smokes always gotta sit next to me in class
 @whoiswynton nigs was trash lol he aint even get back on d cause he knew they was gone smoke 
 @citizensclimate @kencaldeira this seems like a smokescreen for dapl amp kxl along w opening more drilling sites @carbonwa @jobscleanenergy
 border officers find nearly 2 tons of weed camouflaged as limes abc15 
 im really upset that starbucks is out of my double smoke bacon . like that really makes me sad
 gotta junky who smoke yu fa a pak of cools 
 gotta junky who would smoke yu fa a pak of cools 
 what do police do when they confiscate this much weed 
 sitting at the dr amp all i can smell is reefer i dont even got any on me shit  i didnt even smoke yet today..oh wait..i did..nvm..
 you from the rich neighborhood  got your school paid for  everything handed to you  and you sell weed  aint nothing gangsta bout that
 lmao   i gotta get a new weed man
 and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone get forget you
 and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 cbp protection finds nearly two tons of marijuana camouflaged as key limes at texasmexico border 
 im finna jus smoke and chill cause i will spazz out and be a person im not . goodnight
 @jdillig1 lol i am so broke i have no food weed or vitamin waters its a recipe for disaster
 what career path lets you smoke weed and drink coffee all day while making leftists cry   alex jones and joe rogan are the answer
 african americans never reset their smoke alarm batteries
 tx border officers in find nearly 2 tons f weed camouflaged as limes   
 if yall havent tried the new smoked butterscotch frappuccino at @starbucks then you need to right now
 gotta walk all the way to this smoke shop aint shitt
 @kamalaharris yup @wendydavis persisted and got smoked in an election against a fast more qualified candidate.
 officers seize more than 3 900 pounds of marijuana hidden in lime shipment 
 snapchats short term memory problem is whack. we may need to break up  or they gotta quit smoking weed.
 i barely smoke when im sick lol i rlly be like dead.
 like i didnt even have to smoke a blunt i was already koo w that edible lmao and i got my dog hella high
 ya mcm smoked 1 blunt in an 8 man rotation and got mono
 wooooo shittttt. amp mfs wonder why i smoke.
 ight so my uber was bumpin john mayer as i got in his car amp he dead ass just asked me if i could roll jays amp if it was cool if we smoked
 if i smoke this blunt im gone forget you
 officers seize more than 3 900 pounds of marijuana hidden in lime shipment 
 okay i know that weed camouflaged as limes look fake af but give them credit for taping two tons of weed into limes lol
 this aint la weed  this shit came from texas gucci
 everybody that smoke   aint happy 
 smoking weed and wearing sneakers aint new to us nigga  be respectful.
 on the next sunny day someones gotta come over and listen to music with me and well wear lingerie and smoke a lot of weed
 officers seize more than 3 900 pounds of marijuana hidden in lime shipment  
 i need to quit smoking weed. says the innocent child 
 got smoke drink
 boom  take that and put it in your pipe and smoke it fauxcahontas @senwarren   youareanembarrasment 
 @noahzukowski i aint know you smoke whoa
 gotta link up with @lilouee2times and smoke a couple gorilla thumbs
 border officers find nearly 2 tons of weed camouflaged as limes 
 me hey dude  its 420. smoke  soldier in military gear this is an army base.  me oh ok.. 1620 smoke  soldier pulls out camobong
 only if i knew how to smoke  
 my favorite 420 was probably the time i smoked a splift with a jamaican in kingston homie even used a fronto leaf to roll and shit 
 nothing is what it seems.  dont let the smoke and mirrors trick you.
 eat the pussy like i smoked a bunch of weed and got the munchies 
 gotta give this weed a 
 was a tasty milder medium body smoke 
 @ihavenotitties there is its called highthere its kinda lame tbh but ive sold weed to boys on there lol
 just ordered the @silencedhippie hemper box 
 stolen pickup slammed into this atm outside a marijuana dispensary at e. grand blvd and beaubien. 
 nothing more disappointing than watching a celeb smoke a cigarette
 somebody got a weed man in la. so needed right now
 i aint smoke all day... really  
 when weed man gone start taking link 
 oh you got some weed damn nigga  
 border officers find nearly 2 tons of weed camouflaged as limes 
 i aint bought no weed this week. shit scressful
 if i smoke this blunt  girl im gone forget you...
 seeing a couple smoking weed in a state that aint legal an yo plug aint pick up earlier 
 i aint smoked all year this the last song so im finna wipe that off
 im just trynna smoke with my roommates 
 man i got a couple video of this man smoke  gonna have snap joked out for his birthday  @smokey7
 @psilentduck where yall at im trynna smoke
 lmfaooo floyd gone smoke this man  
 i need a roommate for next fall. dm me if youre interested. p.s you gotta smoke and drink thats my only requirement so far
 who tf said i got caught smoking weed in bathroom yesterday lol 
 shepersisted in getting btfo sessions confirmed. now put that in your peace pipe and smoke it @senwarren
 my coworker just asked me if i thought it was weird if a jewish man smoked pot 
 @samdeep we can communicate using smoke signals since you live next door
 @davidsirota @ibtimes  alcohol vs cannabis   cannabis and neurogenesi 
 @politicony @nygovcuomo  alcohol vs cannabis   cannabis amp neurogenesi 
 why get into a temporary fling when all you gon get is smoke sessions with good sex  might as well just be friends with benefits
 instead of 12 flowers i want 6 nugs of weed and 6 flowers for valentines day
 my dad bout to sit next to me stinking of weed
 @marijuanapolicy   alcohol vs cannabis     cannabis and neurogenesis 
 hope pops aint at the crib cause i damn sure aint tryna share my weed tonight
 lol i got called lame cause i told some girl to stop publicly selling weed
 when i warn of a coming crackdown on legal cannabis  i nearly always hear  nah  they want the tax its here to stay. this is
 we were looking at the water and walking the beach when we noticed smoke. we called 911 around 
 need to smoke and chill cuz i just got heated outta nowhere
 chief squawking loon fauxcahontas officially banished to her teepee after caught sending inappropriate smoke signals
 @2020fight @ncfarmer321 or a cannabis user  or just about anyone but him. just saying
 so if you aint have no weed  whatsoever at all... you not smoking that  bougie ass
 it aint no smoke outhere so sad
 well he aint in the 27 club so hes got that going for him  that and the weed 
 right  they hating like im still gon smoke this shit fym 
 i just finished watching weeds 2 min ago and i already feel empty
 i be bored at night all i do is sit amp smoke until i fall asleep  
 whats wrong w me is it the weed or the way you be lookin at me
 @jortsauthority weed is for children
 sometimes i really wonder where these weed strain names come from
 damnnnn dude had hella weed disguised as limes
 i need sum milk lol i gotta get this weed outta me 
 im trynna smoke a fuckin wood
 mmmmmmm marijuana and video game the life of a boy
 that boy done gone 9 months without weed
 sometimes i drink a little too much. ive been known to smoke  cus  and fight just because.
 gone @ belmont house of smoke 
 when i smoke this blunt  im going to forget you. 
 @fox5vegas kinda weird to even ask that question when we passed marijuana bill
 looking through all my old videos  damn i mustve smoked over 1 000 blunts in my life
 nothing better to do  about to smoke a spliff and do some online shopping
 im not even gon join the circusjust gone smoke good and think about the times i did you dirty
 im a doctor i can write 420 weed notes.
 ii gotta blunt all you gotta do is walk over here amp we could smoke it 
 smoking my weed  drinking my water  and minding my business  
 we shouldve never smoked
 highlights of my day smoked a pretty decent joint and my dumbass locked my car w my keys inside the car.  embarrassing
 im going to smoke after this next game lol
 ive never walked out of the gym and felt sore immediately after until 9round.... holy smokes my body
 yk i feel bad i aint smoke today 
 gotta ask his girl for 5 to smoke a dime headass
 irl im just trynna smoke
 lawmakers consider allowing hemp in treatment of epilepsy 
 so bored so hungry no food no alcohol no weed why me
 you like smokey you got me high
 smoke weed everyday. doctors orders. dr. dre isnt a real doctor meh  close enough
 im mad af cuz i just smoked a j and i aint high wtf bruh
 who knew weed and wine could be so great together lol 
 i aint chilled with julius since last semester and this nigga called me at 7 in the mornin asking me to smoke with him ...so tempting 
 i aint chilled with julius since last semester and this nigga called me at 7 in the mornin asking me to smoke with him ...so tempting 
 @unfairnickax are you smoking weed right now
 valentines aint about weed its about romance 
 she smoke and drink all the time  but she got her shit together.
 randomly fell asleep in my car.. i smoked too much today.
 iont smoke backwoods i aint switch up cuz a rapper told me to 
 holy smokes...delayed opening thisneverhappens okokhardlyeverhappens goingbacktobed 
 why are you trynna convince you aint about to study. prob smoke and fall asleep. shitibethinking
 @paulnuttallukip nuttall was the name of the hospital i arrived in that septic little hole known for weed  bob marley  coffee  cricket
 officers find more than 3 900 pounds of marijuana hidden in lime shipment. 
 light that shit then pass that shit  we gone get so smoked out
 @afaz257 some girl got smoked with a ceiling tile i guess so if i was her id cash out
 @nickimminaaj used 2 smuggle guns into canada in weedampmeth into detroit 4 exchange hoodlum jfk
 @earlygamebenji @upi they must haves smoked some of the supply when they made these.  they look nothing like limes
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 yo mcm still roll his weed in goodtimes
 today  i doubled down on greatness.  a smoke and a pancake
 its a snow day and i aint got no weed 
 border agents seize nearly 4 000 pounds of marijuana hidden in fake key limes 
 today calls for trying a smoked butterscotch latte from starbucks
 i smoke to i smoke to calm nerves cuz i got beef 
 at we got weed in there
 so glad i got my wine and weed yesterday 
 @gavinwakeupcall if you were in roseville  technically it is illegal to drink and smoke
 gotta be prepared with a sack of weed and a box of games for snow days 
 considering there has been some smoke on him selling the team the past few months im inclined to believe that report.
 dont marijuana and drive
 if i sold weed id charge double to deliver
 todays the day we find the bar that we can smoke alcohol  @lalajustsmile
 all the hoopla over @intel investment in arizona is smoke and mirrors. intel had more jobs in arizona in 1980. book it. cc @jontalton
 @davidsirota how many lives lost  families devastated by alcohol as opposed to weed
 selling weed aint for everybody
 got through round 1 of working out and holy shit i smoke too much 
 tryna throw the raw in the trash can got smoked by a cop on the dash cam
 the smoker   art illustration 
 so what i smoke still in school  still got 2 whips  still productive as fuck  still makin  and still gotta better body than majority of u
 gotta find a hobby besides smoking weed all day.
 knew matt barnes smoked weed  
 what kinda weed is this was ki off that park hill weed or nah  lmaooo @kaylyybabyyxx @kcrv 
 nothing is worse then getting smoke in your eyes
 got weed for days
 .@davidcorndc not so fast. this is smoke and mirrors only. @jasoninthehouse will do nothing  this is just to cover 
 i got the weed  i got drank  i got the coupe
 @senwarren you should send this up in smoke signal to reach the non twitter users too..
 if i wasnt so damn bored all the time i wouldnt smoke like i do 
 bitch dont smoke my pacc you aint put nothing on that
 beyond bored and have no one to smoke with me
 border patrol agents confiscated 4 000 pounds of marijuana hidden in a shipment of limes from mexico  would a wall have prevented
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin 
 wish i had food amp maybe even my weed from earlier. theyd be nice
 if i dont smoke to my standards my chest hurt shit cray
 when your hair stylistbarber smokes then trys to cover it up with perfume gottafindanewplace
 when the weed man aint got no weed its like wtf is yo purpose g
 done with the smoke for awhile  gotta focus
 there isnt nothing like smoking weed listening to mac miller and scrolling through twitter thankstwitter
 smoke the reefer like marley amp dem
 ran from the cops in that truck  did lines out of it  smoked it out  got some pussy in it like damn i miss it
 deff recommend the smoked butterscotch latte form starbucks 
 i gotta smoke some weed cause girl you drive me crazy
 tonight sled chief mark keel explains why now is not the time to legalize medical marijuana in sctweets. preview at 6. story at 11.
 @starbucksuk smoked butterscotch latte  thats all.
 i aint plan ahead of time so i been sober all day now i gotta walk to get weed
 @gamingpowerhous but... u upload their game. thats like a weed man saying forget plants... they aint paying my bills
 stephen been rollin this blunt for 13 minutes and still aint even done breaking down the weed 
 @nolanews legalize. in honor of jeff sessions nomination  a free ebook about marijuana mystery 
 his legs knew he aint want smoke 
 would you not date someone because they smoke cigs
 dont forget  we have a smoked butterscotch latte waiting for you at vt starbucks try one today
 damn i aint smoke in a minute ... 
 does anyone prefer cannabis concentrate vs flower  solely because flower affects your allergies rt if yes 
 this lady was justifying smoking weed by the fact that bob marley died of melanoma not lung cancer....
 yep lets play the game of how many times can carlin set off the smoke detector as she cooks dinner
 i keep telling myself i need to start smoking out of pieces to save my weed but here i am rolling another blunt
 cleaning me and trevors room and majority of our trash is water bottles and weed stems lol
 rewatching weeds 
 ill shoot the weedman if the dope aint smoking 
 aint nothin wrong with smokin but i cant be around people who smoke and do nothing productive daily
 i lay in bed and play video games and watch movies and smoke weed all day. i pretty much have the greatest life eve 
 @ezraklein can weeds pod break down differences between 2017 amp 2009 movements through lens of financial crisis v candidate crisis
 why drink and drive when you can park and smoke  
 i got faith with in my weed man
 who got the weed man
 @dubtheproducer lol i been ordering shit while on the road i got smoke bombs for videos niggas gon be turnt
 @danniebeaar wow i was gonna call u earlier to smoke lol
 i having nothing to do but work and smoke im such a loser lol
 oh nah im crying i gotta smoke so i can cheer up
 @shillinchi smokeshow of the day right here @stoolpresidente
 seeing group tbt photos of us got me fucked up damn gotta smoke another jay for that one 
 my sister always trynna smoke in the most public places. like bitch... this aint cali
 bruce told me hed beat the shit out of me if i ever smoked weed 
 @wacsports @wacbasketball holy smokes from what ive seen lately the tournament is gonna be fire wacforlife 
 days like this i wish i could just smoke weed in my room but instead i gotta go outside and sit in my cold ass car
 ill wait til it comes out in smoke signals  fauxcahontas 
 we gotta hit the smoke shop tomorrow  
 alcohol killz weed healz
 got me trippin cause no ones been home all day but me. my stepdad used to smoke hella cigarettes amp it got me thinking maybe it was him.
 i just walked passed some dude smoking and accidentally inhaled some of his smoke and now my stomach is killing me 
 so potent gotta warn you when you smoke it
 gotta hook the game up and just sit out there and smoke and chill 
 thankful for my driveway... so clutch for a place to smoke
 tough l so i gotta smoke one
 im just trying to smoke with someone. why this gotta be so hard
 finna set a weedhead trap. watch this
 aint no way theres weed in there 
 crazy smoke  . . . shoot by @muhyusriphoto 
 its all just a smokescreen to keep people from understanding how to oppose him. dont let it bother us  oppose him  hell hv a heart attack.
 watching the new nightwatch and the officer said ... and there was a very loud odor of marijuana hahaha
  and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you  
 ik you dont smoke weed. ik this. but its friday you aint got no job. and you aint got shit to do. 
 cool as fuck smoke shack hidden in the backcountry  the best things ya gotta hike for i swears 
 your quality of weed gotta change the more you smoke
 lets just smoke for hours upon hours until we fall asleep from the flower
 just smoked the fattest bowl 
 @lahnaturner youre not hiding anything in the limes in your photo are you those smugglers got caught with weedli 
 freaking @errorgordon hanging out in the snow smoking weed all day having cuddle fights with @thekyliehess while th 
 ma already know im bout to go back to my weed tattoo ways too bad i gotta have surgery
 rarely do i have a desire to smoke... but lately  i just been over the shits.
 count anotha grip smoke anotha zip
 smelled some weed got sad 
 im smoking all of this weed baby just to forget you  inzombia thedayimetyou rebellyus xo 
 sex drive is back amp crazy... and now now appetite is gone ... smh ... now what can i do after sex i dont smoke 
 who trying to shoot some and smoke some
 grilled baby lettuces  whipped avocado  cara cara  smoked parsnips  watermelon radish  kaffir 
 my grandpa just asked me if my flower shaped earnings were marijuana leafs
 you can bring some weed but i aint paying for it
 going to treat myself to godiva  sushi  wine and weed this valentines day.
 @ryanvaughan  i see a lot of smoke northeast of jonesboro. related to noises and shaking
 last one at 15mph full incline  hammys smoked  you never know when you gotta run down the 
 @dgreenfield0 @mcdonalds @uber .so after a while i settled on weedbopoop. then halfway into my ride we picked up 
 i aint even stressed got a bag full of cannabis
 @crumbskull weed is for children.
 man in my class with pete dully the other day we were talking about how weed isnt wrong weed is illegal.
 whats wrong w weed 
 im trynna smoke right now
 issue2 of tahoe cannabis magazine will be in northern nevada in a little over a week.  our 
 u gotta smoke a dick
 driving in car with my mom melook out theres a cop momyeah their coming for you me yeah u right i gotta throw the weed out. mom stfu
 the new smoked butterscoth latte from @starbucks  just pure sugar in a cup. toosweet
 gotta wait until you 21 to buy cigarettes in california now. the same age as weed and alcohol. you cant ruin your life until youre 21.
 view of the smoke from my office at astate that i referenced earlier. @ryanvaughan 
 i gotta smoke some weedcause girl you drive me crazy 
 i hope cuz got some of that smoke left
 and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 this venti smoked butterscotch latte is giving me life.
 fav flower is the marijuana for anyone curious since valentines day is around the corner  calla lilies are beautiful too
 be strong guys you got enough smokes and alcohol 
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking 
 how do you say where there is smoke there is fire in russian
 im too tunrt rn finna smoke amp forget about all that
 the weed burn but the money just fold. @wizkhalifa
 vet qbs who could be cut shaun hill  cassel  fitz  cutler  romo  keenum  kaepernick  geno smith  kellen clemens  gabbert  ejmanuel  weeden
 mc at nm will be sold out before the end of the jv game. i promise you that. good call coach hemphill. @langstonwertzjr @coachhemphill
 @woodymadness ...said am i that bad that i would take my child out in a blizzard for smokes he quit then and there.
 i know you dont smoke weed i know this but im gonna get yall high today cuz its friday u aint got no job and u aint got shit to do
 dr. phil had to smoke one before interviewing this special k ass child  
 .  us intelligence and law enforcement greater confidence in the credibility of some aspects of the dossier.  where theres smoke...
 @maribelxi .. who finished all the weed lol 
 @maribelxi .. who finished all the weed lol 
 of all places for a drop of water to fall  it fell inside my pack of smokes.
 watching cops  and they just tackled a guy with terminal cancer for buying marijuana from an undercover office. why did we ever do this
 deer are made out of steel. i just smoked a bitch with my car and it kept running. fucked my shit up too. 
 this stuff smells insanely good. you gotta go winning bbq @ gabis smoke shack 
 my ber drivers farts have overwhelmed the linger scent of weed in the car
 practice rounds @ smoke out of water 
 smart kids that smoke weed .... honor roll
 its 2017 and marijuana is still illegal 
 @nihlistnimph at place smoking weed amp feeling so lite enjoying lose girls feel like i got nothing left miss uncle greg. name ft son af him
 the son of man will send out his angels  and they will weed out of his kingdom everything that causes  . . . 
 my uncle smokes with game shells. i gotta take son to a smoke shop for raw papers because no.
 im sick and my cat got smoked by a car. perfect friday night 
 they just discovered 2 tons of weed... disguised as limes 
 got a strong weed habit
 i used to be nothing less than an 8th then i turned to nothing less than a half now i barley even smoke.
 if you got a car and willing to hotbox in yo shit. i got three blunts ill smoke you out on
 @hailybird515 soccer team is getting smoked figured id walk over to the baseball field 
 this cigarette smoke is killing my smoke... people gotta chill
 ncat if you got a car. ill smoke you out if we hotbox in yo shit
 @brandon2222 since when do you smoke fag
 this move to collegiate commons gotta be complete by this month.. especially since im not able to smoke here.
 he asked if we smoked  if we had drank at all  said he would drink  said he got in trouble for texting and driving earlier  fuck
 who got some gas  my weed man at the casino smh
 boy do i miss dallas weed
 gotta hotbox cause tay want me smoke in the room
 if you a smoker you gotta stay with a lighter
 im gone start selling weed cause niggas aint reliable 
 @siennamorgan1 blackberry smokes waiting for the thunder cover by sienna morgan  via @youtube
 if weed controls u aint no telling wats next
 holy smokes this is just beyond awful 
 nigga got in his feelings over weed  mad cause i curved his bum ass
  weed amp liq kinda night
 waited all night to smoke and i forget the paper and fronto 
 she is such a babe  bts earlier today creating bold smoke with my new @marcbeauty marc 
 i be forgetting weed illegal. 
 who trynna come over and smoke
 who got marijuana
 i bought an 8th yesterday last night and i smoke literally one bowl and its all gone where has it gone im losing my mind 
 without weed im grumpy  but without a job im broke. gotta stay clean. 
 brownsville got that fuckin gas compared to smoke up town
 fuck a weed man  bitch i got a weed lady
 fast cars  money and weed
 we really gotta mix smoke bombs more into everyday human interactions more
 i want a girl that is just down to smoke and chill with me nothing to crazy 
 who trynna smoke a bleezy 
 sometimes you gotta smoke by yourself  upandcoming comedy viral funny funnyshit share 
 man should i invite this cop into my house man  i got weed in here
 i got shit to do i aint tryna smoke 1 blunt for a hr 
 this movie got me on the edge of my  need another smoke break so scared and like no time for scared gotta be brave for our son suspense
 these thots really got out the car while at the drive thru to smoke lol
 people swear they on cuz they sell weed and got a house w ten roommates.
 so next time you are bored  smoke some weed bob marley aint got shit over me  attempted hijack of airplane to legalize pot.
 @jxhndxxxn lmao marijuana twitter vs me
 this aint no mid in this blunt  i smoke det xookie for lunxh 
 aint got no one to smoke one or pour wit me
 all i do is smoke weed covered in my double gz 
 i aint smoke in a week and i dont miss it
 tfw the weed delivery men fall in love with you
 there are 2 eighth graders on a date next to us at breakfast and the boy just said he would try heroin over weed any day...fucking kill me
 i got weed  
 no sir  you cannot roll and smoke a blunt in the backseat of my car  btw  my son sits on that side of the car...lyftdrivertales
 im hungry for weed 
 ive been losing mad weed lately 
 i got all of the keef from my weed jar and i have exactly enough for one baby bowl.
 not smoking on this drive is killin me right now...i aint volunteering to drive until i can smoke lol 
 a free venti triple shot smoked butterscotch latte from @starbucks has got me ready for this tech weekend. 
 dopesmoker  sleepband  teepeerecords . follow the smoke to the rifffilled land im 
 im finna smoke the fattest blunt after this 
 eat her pussy like i smoked a lot of weed and got munchies.
 shoot ya weed man if the dope aint smoking
 @hdogg8 haha shitt i still gotta drive home  shower  and smoke before i head out again
 i be thinking way too deep into my life when i smoke. i gotta get my shit together.
 i only smoke indica breh i hate sativa
 my boy blue @ smoke signals 
 my poppa woke me up to smoke with him and eat    i was pretty pissed about waking up butttt smokingg aint gotta tell me twice
 sneakers  marijuana reported stolen from greece home  roc
 this new smoked butterscotch frap... 
 tryna smoke and design today but everything is blocking me 
 ya child should be blowin bubbles not smoke 
 they gotta show called bong appetite they be cooking with weed and no not like baking brownies these mfs be making 3 course meals n shit..
 niggas start smoking weed amp get a gun and forget who they really is 
 yo the security stole my weed last night too. i had it in a hidden pocket and this girl found it.
 i just got pulled over for speeding with so much weed in my car 
 i smoke backwoods and forget about life
 i always wanna smoke.. even after i just finished smoking.
 lmaooo od smoke me 
 shoot ya weed man if the dope aint smoking.
 we found so much weed cleaning out kaykay car this shit is sad
 @kowenmoffor damn  i gotta smoke to get the ladies
 got the plug back now my weed so strong i gotta clip the blunt
 damn now i gotta smoke out the homie jorge 
 wtf ary really just told me she found weed in my backpack 
 nothing . just smoke your blunts  
 trying to wake up  so smoke some sativa sourdeiseloutdoor prop215 sb420 pipeitup 
 trynna sell ya weed smoking lil ass blunts 
 shoot over  3 hours to kill who got the weed in naples this is straight up senior citizen town
 i been coming across some great movies. i gotta write them down because i smoke too much and be fogetting the damn name lml
 just bought weed from a dispensary  told them i want the best sativa and best indica they have 
 gotta get myself some smoked black levers for the r6
 that moment when u passin the weed but aint nobody there 
 @tenorsmusic i thought clifton was the only twinkle toes fraser and victor got some moves going on so glad you could celebrate smokey.
 radial engine tribe  smoke on the water 3  
 every firefighter in boston is at forest hills. place is filled with smoke. 
 my girl aint home so i just smoke with my dog
 we got a lot of marijuana
 mfers in mississippi gotta wait like that. lmaoooooooo everybody who got weed down there dont got kill nor loud. only a select few got it
 when you have nothing to smoke out of 
 aint enough weed in the world
 if i smoke this blunt bitch im gone forget you 
 forget the days wed waste in bed. tangled  the smoke still on your breath. undressed and pinning you up to the wall.
 i want to smoke with seth rogen
 i ask myself sometimes....i wonder how much weed i smoked in arkansas then i realize...all of it
 @rach3ld3an whats weird to me is none of them really even hangout with kris they just use the house to smoke weed and play games 
 my aunt just got her medical card and hasnt smoked in like 10 years. im bout to get her so high lol
 literally done nothing but smoke  eat  and play the ps4 today i love off saturdays
 and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 if we in the car  im driving. as my women its your job to roll the weed lol
 i would smoke way more if i knew how to roll
 amp im sooooo ready to smoke. i had a longgggggggg ass day.
 smoking weed hed never wanna leave the house got an empty cushion on that sofa now
 gotta smoke some weed cuz boy u drive me crzyyyyy
 aint got nobody to smoke one or pour up with me
 i like girls who smoke tree. i guess you could say i have high standards
 whats up who got smoke just got off work
 @sportsnet play by play guy go off into the weed and miss like two whole shift of the game. habs
 i really started a bomb ass eye look and then took a break to smoke  got distracted  and then got in the uber without finishing 
 jay got my dad a birthday blunt but he cant smoke so its mine now
 my aunts baby daddys car smells so heavily of weed
 so sad...i wonder if you guys took into consideration the voters  and the second generation smokers and drug users. 
 @kingofda98 when you can smoke and drive
 sorry we dont serve jeremiah weed and water 
 lolol at my tp concert in 2016 i got high from a guy smoking weed right behind me and also got beer poured on my back throwback
 if i smoke this blunt im gone forget you
 who appreciates a smoke out 
 i only got zans baby no weed
 proud aunty double the fun when one of the wonder weedmans is playing her molly 
 im just trynna smoke
 my car is the hotbox car lmao  everybody in the neighborhood smoke in there
 smoke a lotta weed but i could never forget ya
 bout to smoke this bleezy thoo
 then got smoked in the finals
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 no lie  whatever weed my bf got got me feeling good as hell 
 bron gotta smoke these fools...
 fuck that im still gone smoke  burning eye and all 
 high asel and i gotta smoke 2 more dutches 
 @naancyy a piece too smoke my ganja 
 dec hemper box @jewishproducer 
 dont forget i smoke hookah too 
 holy smokes this place is awesome you gotta check it out great drinks. amazing vibes. 
 i happen to use marijuana like the rest of you  so yes  i remember  gotta love debbie
 thats easy i got weed  too bad my ass gotta stop smoking for this ac job  
 i be wanting to smoke until i realize i gotta roll it  i be tried of rolling 
 this mfer really got us watching a movie about weed
 all i want to do is forget about my past and smoke a lil weed nothing to drastic..
 shoot the weed man if the shit aint smokin
 we got so much weed to smoke
 my plan was to not smoke till my birthday.. man fucking w these folks im high asf and i aint even smoked.
 crazy like the joker im gone smoke ya
 theres so much tree smoke in the room i got contact
 i got weed in my purse  amp its stinking up the whole house
 her weed gone
 fuck idaho for weed still being illegal.
 i smoked five marijuanas and i got so drunk 
 my weed tolerance not what it used to be  i use to be outta here on a whole nother planet 
 me i got weed  no blunt homie i gotta swisher me 
 also tonight a couple got in after im pretty sure they bought weed and wow my car smelled so bad afterwards i had to roll the windows down
 damn do i need to smoke a blunt so i can fall asleep im literally wide awake
 when you got the goods  but nothing to smoke it out of 
 i know the only way imma fall asleep is if i smoke 
 if my roommate smoked my weed i will literally cease to exist
 @bigeefrench you aint wanna get smoked i feel youlmao
 amp if i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget u 
 my girl and i go through weed like nothing
 shit get yo weed game up i got all three in one  
 its sad when u beefing with ya own hoodboy   gotta get the opps to smoke you now 
 @bdhorn smoke weed get gains whats wrong with that
 whats up with some food and some smoke
 i will literally smoke you out  just drive for me 
 lol na it aint when you smoke too much 
 i gotta stop smoking my weed so fast lol
 love is in the air so im finna cover it up wit some weed smoke and forget about it
 shoot your weed man if that shot not gas
 when you have a broken controller and nothing to smoke out of... 
 aye im finna smoke1 on break 
 @lennyblurkin lol gone on mane. you a weed head anyway 
 did my brother really just asked me if i smoke amp i have smoked with him before 
 lmao im gone send this to my next girl whenever she ask why im finna go smoke 
 say she really need to smoke she aint having fun yet
 smoking all this weed kause you know a nigga got issues
 i gotta whole bottle of wine amp weed. lit sunday 
 and the bucks are still paying him to smoke weed and not play for them.
 shoot the weed man if the dooe aint smoking
 kinda unfair and mouthwatering that while i stand in this long line at @rodneyscottbbq i have to smell the smoke from the pits chseats
 thc syrup da move. yeen even gotta smoke
 i got shrooms  i got acid  i got dope i got weed i get money dont need hope
 its all smoke and mirrors dont fucking fall for it russiagate is unraveling trumpsamerica is coming to an end maga resistance
 im trynna smoke
 my head hurtin ctfu i might gotta smoke some more  
 anybody trynna smokematch come over
 its illegal to smoke weed but you can still wear crocs in public somethingsgottagive
 when i aint got weed   i listen to music to calmn myself
 shoot ya weed man if da dope aint smoking
 i bet jamaican weed sooooo fire
 theyre trying to do the best they can to drive everyone into the taxed model  said jason warf  head of the cannabis council
 got my weed 
 in tenth grade this kid called another students aunt a double breasted drug head. because her aunt has medical marijuana for cancer treatmnt
 shady crew.  cc @kreweduoptic smokexmirrorsny @ the standard spa  miami beach 
 more dead nazis fill the holes of the earth with their wasted corpses and grow weed from them. tax that weed and pay our goddam teachers
 i might miss ya ..   but watch me smoke thos blunt amp im gone forget cha . 
 i might miss ya ...  but watch me smoke this blunt amp im gone forget cha . 
 hey all the bfs amp gfs out there  get ur baby flowers 4 vday 4 goodness sake even just 1 weed you picked from your b 
 kawhi smoked some weed before the game
 berkley kids piss in dryers smoke blunts in bathrooms and punch holes in walls
 i smoke the geeen out of the rainbow
 dudes be bragging bout they weed but you aint even buzzed off it....
 about to smoke this blunt amp forget ya
 about to smoke this blunt amp forget ya 
 im hungry amp i need to smoke..
 when you smoke the wrong weed. 
 sometimes you just gotta smoke it out 
 @francisjstn i just smoked with my uber driver.. me him and bae boxed the car 
 left my car for one day and my stepdad smoked weed in it
 if you smoke but yo car got no ashes in it  you dont smoke...
 im so tired but i cant fall asleep smh  i need to smoke but no pipe 
 i heard he smoked a fool  50 bucks. 
 not a smoker  but gotta marvel at this 50k peice. 
 you smoke swishers no wonder you at a nursing home 
 gotta smoke  just so i wont feel the pain.
 when you pull to the plug house to cop some smoke and find an 8th i copped last night. completely forgot lol i gotta stop drinking 
 pulled up to the plug house to cop some smoke n found an 8th i bought yesterday. dont even remember lol i gotta stop drinking 
 found these in a box of my great grandmothers antiques from the 40s.   do i smoke one or not. 
 whats worse than not having weed having weed and nothing to smoke out of
 who tryna smoke summ
 dave mom aint nothing wrong with a lil weed  i love my cousin.
 shoot the weed man if that shit aint smoking 
  why i gotta be sick i cant even taste the weed
 trying to pump up my air mattress and smoke up then fall asleep outside watching the stars 
 livepd..why are humans so stupid to think they can drive amp smoke potpot stinks amp its illegal to smoke amp drive.charge with em  wdui
 i feel like im stoned watching beyonc preform and i dont even smoke
 i feel like i shouldnt have smoked before watching beyonc preform  that was tripping me out
 pussy  money  weed aint all i got to offer. i can bless you with so much more.
 sometimes i like to play a little game i play could this red line train smell anymore like weed the answer tonight is no.
 my bitch rollin my weed  she aint even smoke it
 im just trynna smoke 2night
 ..where god was in this world..geeked up on fine reefer i pointed at the ocean and told her its right in front of you..
 i havent imbibed fiji water ever since i realized that trader joes water is superior due to sourcing their water from weed  ca
 im missing tribe to smoke in the bathroom seksks
 @sarahksilverman i cant blame u for being paranoid  sarah. really cant. but as a former pot smoker myself  gotta say that stuff adds it in
 just trynna smoke and cruise
 my vape charger is gone  my brother smoked all my flower now what
 humanity in a nutsack everybody needs to smoke more pot  just not my pot. @taotaosalupa5 @bemetor5 @armyjon @2009superglide @daveusmc
 when you hear there will be a base wide room search because someone got caught with weed usmc 
 inny minny moo shoot yo ass for free cause we just like smoke
 they say when that smoke clear a lot of niggas they aint gone be around my young nigga gone hold it down @turntoash family
 man harold shouldve got outta the whip   fam got his ass smoked
 great night for adele. was an honor being at staples to see her smoke the competition and her george michael tribute.
 idk who drives a baby blue mustang 5.0 but they rev. i rev and you got smoked    next
 ceelo out there lookin for a smoke and a pancake 
 we could vibe and smoke..
 meat raffle and bingo starts at 7. bob marley is my neighbor selling weed. tom is my other neighbor if you need alcohol.
 im bored as fuck no weed or liquor 
 pussy weed and tacos man i swear im on a diet @speakz
 @gstephanopoulos you got smoked george thats why youve never made into the real big leagues in the news. b ancho 
 never enough ganja
 i gotta start smokin weed somebody help i am too stressed
 watching daddy serve his tables while we chain smoke in the car 
 i shouldve brung some smoke 
 omg the guy with the dopemon shirt that just got interviewed. gotta smoke em all  
 knew i shouldnt have smoked tonight bro i knew it
 when the weed man say it aint too late for him to pull up 
 told my doctor im heathy i smoke broccoli 
 would have started weeds a lot earlier if i knew hunter parrish was in it
 kierra say in dixon it smell like straight weed amp they dgaf but in here we gotta mop wit bleach and shit 
 im bored af. where this fool at with the weed 
 im trynna smoke
 i dont smoke   i aint never touch weed  i aint bout that life  
 play ya role if you ion play yo part you a smoked nigga 
 who in la trying smoke amp drink with me amp dram right now  we bored lol  uber provided
 @billyraycyrus dude got some of mileys weed lol
 all i smoke is broccoli gotta stay healthy
 i just found these in my car but i dont even smoke marlboros 
 got blunt   got weed @solow7xx remember when we did this 
 gone cop some gas and get high on valentines day. fuck it ima just smoke out
 @austintemsey and im saying that the patriots are so good in skill positions and line that brandon weeden could be a successful qb
 i got to that point before..stop for a couple of weeks and the next time you smoke gonna be marvelous 
 during a search of the vehicle  a quantity of marijuana and drug paraphernalia were recovered.
 i asked her if she smoke and she told me no im smoking up all the weed 
 nr. i really smoke just to sleep amp i still got bars amp alcohol. college really aint that stressful. 
 bruh got his ass smoked right off the bat lmao 
 i gotta smoke a blunt so too @trenddsetter
 and ive had hearings over weed before. shit dont take long. i gotta drive 6 hours just to sit there for 15 minutes while they tell me shit
 i smoked so much weed that i forgot that shit was illegal
 waste my weed amp im ashing my blunt on your forehead
 gotta love crotch weed...
 the wonders of hemp oil. hempoil  reologystudio homesteadhousepaintco diy lancastercity @ 
  @berner415 this was the dopest drop ive ever been to it was dope meeting you berner hope we can smoke one sometime
 i like a girl that smoke so we never on that sober shit.
 i literally have a pencil case with all my weed supplies 
 only reason this blunt aint lit is cuz idk what ima listen to while i smoke yet 
 when u outta weed till payday but its okay cause u got the emergency drank
 im sitting in my car watching burger king employees sit outside amp smoke blunt lol. niggas savage forreal.
 gotta walk smokey to his house
 fuck a bomb threat i got trees to smoke.
 drink more water. smoke more weed.
 @dutchindian i dislike the smell of smoke. i also find government regs preventing smoking in private places abhorrent.
 she gone roll this weed for me 
 the oldest son the one that got caught with weed   totally a bernie bro
 i would forget my smokes in my boyfriends van.... ffs man fuccck
 this girl really just left class because we were discussing marijuana 
 @taber no  taber. you still cant smoke in my car.
 i gotta smoke some weed cuz girl you drive me crazy
 i am smoking weed in front of fbi in portland  listening to the clash i fought the law. making fun of the importance of their jobs.
 smoking weed in front of fbi in portland  listening to the clashs take on i fought the law  making fun of the importance of their job.
 do cigarette smokers have an emergency supply of cigarettes in case there an earthquake or something
 me hangin with smokey the tennessee tuxedo clad hound @ city county building 
 logan do you want weed pancakes for breakfast tomorrow  me starts crying
 yall think dr phil smokes weed
 she knew kanye was on that ass. lmao. she aint want no smoke. 
 i jus want weed for valentines day. fuck flowers. fuck a date  gimmmme thee weed. 
 my mama saw me smoking outside in my car amp gone say you can smoke reffa in the house jaya  just stay in your room 
 the photographers place reeked of weed and air freshener and it gave me a vietnam flashback from a time i got too high and i panicked lmao
 still need a female bestfriend she gotta be ugly and smoke
 had a dream last night that cops were searching me for weed...then today got pulled over and got all my weed taken lol my luck
 sometimes i miss ya  then i smoke a blunt amp forget yaaa
 40 min left of class til i can smoke a hot ass spliff
 i wouldnt give a got damn what these hoes like. i could send a smoke signal and that hoe still gon reply 
 ahhh no vday shopping to do more weed money for me since broads wanna have every nigha 
 the benches are gone from the smoke spot. now i have to stand while i smoke  like a fucking animal
 shoot your weed man if the dope aint smoking
 you gotta do the most to get marijuana in hollywood.
 crazy tasty reverseseared tri tip recipe from @sraichlen. smoked on my @gmgrills amp finished on my @webergrills 
 im really just trynna smoke .... 
 i smoke hella weed and if you aint about it  i aint about you.
 my anatomy prof said weed is safer than water
 guys only which on gotta go ..... weed cause i dont smoke 
 im trynna smoke
 my anatomy prof said weed is safer than water
 if you aint on shit  if you tryna smoke you can hit my line.
 earlier wow today is going great d  later why is there smoke coming out of my car
 @blakuniv what i gotta do since you smoked me on the last post 
 watching under cover boss and he just told the owner of donatos he smokes when offered when hes delivering. she shit a brick 
 ive got these pains in my chest with the smoke i keep breathing in
 today calls for some smoked butterscotch latte. @ starbucks in seattle  wa 
 in la next few days if anyone wants to shoot or get food or smoke or all of the above
 in la next few days if anyone wants to shoot or get food or smoke or all of the above
 these weed aint got no seeds. @shyglizzy 
 might stay in the trump tower for one week. spray paint all the walls and smoke weed.
 friends what is your bf getting you for valentines day me nothing cause he blew all his income taxes on weed and 
 progress is that i got in more legal trouble for alcohol than weed but im still pissed
 sometimes you gotta forgive smoke a fat ass blunt and forget even if its somebody you use to love ....be blessed
 where there is smoke there is fire  sally yates persisted.  
 the bomb head shop take home this bomb duel wax and weed rig for only 155 before the sale 
 im not in this world to be liked by the next manfemale im just trynna smoke my weed play 2k and die before i get all wrinkly an shit
 these hoes so lonely the trynna smoke tomorrow ian on that shit im sleeping my life away 
 @livvvventra thanks home girl but i dont smoke weed what are blunts and what is sushi
 metaphorically speaking  im just a weedy hill that hasnt been mowed in 10 years. thatswhy longtimecoming readytoplantwildflowers
 fuck the day i met you  im smoking all this weed to forget you 
 fuck the day that i met you  im smoking all of this weed babyyy just to forget you 
 @amilly88 weed amp laundry ish right here 
 i gotta get this job. i gotta have my car. i need gwop so i can smoke everyday
 sometimes cigarettes bore me so much that i forget to smoke them
 i smoked so much that i took at nap from 6830 and now im wide awake
 31 days strong no weed  never thought id see the day  next up to put the bottle down  baby steps
 @codemasterflexx lol got fired cuz my car smelled like weed
 no ones got me like weedmaps got me  
 bemynativevalentine so we can quote smoke signals to each other all day
 smart kids that smoke weed   honor roll
 damn  that girl is a smoke show tho... 
 i really be needing to smoke to fall asleep smh 
 who got an oil rig  i got 10 grams of shatter ready to be smokeddddd
 her name is sally yates and she knew there was fire where there was smoke 
 in all my days i will never forget tonight  the night mair asked me to cut my weed catnip
 forget how she smokes  whats good w. her lashes  
 nothing quite like laying in bed about to fall asleep amp getting a nice wiff of weed from the vent above u 
 @apbryan9156 you gotta come smoke with me and @thoughtless one of these days my g
 got weed but no blunt
 weedvision stonercouples @coyotacowynwood security just told my girl she couldnt smoke a cig while im smokin a blunt security real mvp
 @allchatz they rescan my stuff and nothing  they didnt find my weed  the pipe nor the 24k gold cones
 killer headache thanks to the gross human who smoked in the rental car before me
 mobile weed man wya
 me and my mova be casually talkin bout weed now  we done came a long way gotta get her shmacked now
 gotta make up for all that weed smoking i been down no
 gotta make up for all that weed smoking ive been doing
 if you wanna date me you have to learn how to juggle my insecurities  smoking weed habits  crazy driving  eating habbits  amp theres more...
 ion got no flower baby only weed and dick
 parked car conversation with weed 
 my mans just flushed so much weed down the toilet  im pissed.
 aye i gotta smoke right now. pull up smoke on me
 no amount of alcohol or weed can suppress this sadness
 single af on valentines day as usual  gotta work amp just ran outta weed yay me 
 he even mentions its a port charles legend do these writers smoke a lot of crack gh lnsoaptweets 
 i never appreciated michigans weed so much until i got some weed from texas. on god. that shit is asssssss af.
 @ggnblackboy u aint gon smoke shit mfs a be in dallas wit real killas not my otf niggas
 perfect smoke session to bob marley
 security said we just gotta keep it down.. this weed too loud tho 
 not 1  not 2  but 3 advisors to donald trump have resigned  after their shady russian ties were revealed. when i say smoke  you say fire.
 @canativeobt @jennpublic im careful about sources i share  but this article effectively sums up what ive researched about marijuanahemp
 when  get bored we randomly clean our pieces  then load a fat kief bowl and smoke and those are some of my fav times ever
 when phillip and i get bored we randomly clean our pieces  then load a fat kief bowl and smoke those are some of my favorite moments
 i smoke and i got all this candy omg lol
 this weed got me feel...... 
 dont smoke no water
 but i am about to smoke a j cuz i gotta be up early in the am. 
 3 am and smoke is pretty much gone
 idk if i should smoke this headache away or what. i need to make a decision before 4 cause i gotta work 
 girl when i smoke this blunt .. ima forget all about you  
 @lesdoggg donald trump sketch was hilarious. replayed sketch n laughed again. smoked a joint n almost passed out from lol.
 gotta pound of gas i aint een smoke yet 
 they are not gathering my design materials.. hemp.. wool.. alpaca.. silk.. to do to do..
 nothings worse than getting smoke in your fukin eye 
 love the weedy edgeit 
 sometimes you got to look beyond the smoke you dont always have to let the smoke settle before u find what you looking for
 moms just called me wildin cuz she found a bag of weed under my car seat like i could do something about it in nc 
 to hate the weeds and love the flowers analogy will not work when it comes to human beings. 
  nothin like the smella hardwood smoke in the moarnin.  deliveries of 2lb. starting at 
 all smoke and mirrors as trump knew transcript of flynns call in dec pence knew too all trying to lie until we found out wh lied to us
 paul ryan is a piece of shit. hes part of the smoke screen.
 what i smoke on aint cheap 
 its game day in tiger land  lets smoke the  tfnd 
 medicinal marijuana users skeptical of product safety after recalls for banned pesticides
 it started to reek of weed at premier and a teacher goes was that my stash lmao
 girl i gotta smoke some weed bc u drive me crazy 
 good weed i got girls in my whips  man we really in the mix
 when you gotta eat little kids but also need a smoke break. 
 just walked in to class and weed smell just hit the fuck out of me 
 jaxson advice from his date but that is what first dates are about... just gotta weed them out
 i shouldve smoked
 ima wipe ya name right off my schedule. amp if i smoke this blunt then im gone forget you  
 i bet no one peeped the weed he got growing 
 ima swipe ya name up off my schedule and if i smoke this then im gone forget you
 im trynna smoke
 smoke a lot of weed but i could neva forget ya
 new music comming soon i lost all my lyrics and shit but its gucci bounce back game on flame status king smoke bitch
 @misskyaarae thats what weedy calls you lol
 shoot the weed man   if his dope aint smoking .
 whos trynna smoke a blunt and throw the ol pigskin
 @teamsesh merch be selling like hot cakes  cant keep it stocked  i still wish i would have got the weedpill pouch they had awhile back
 @stevekornacki nothing but smoke and mirrors
 @laurenbreana why dont you smoke in the car
 im glad im not a fiend for weed. i really been straight as fuck lately
 in these accelerated times  gotta smoke weed to stay alive 
 when i smoke this blunt girl ima forget you
 @speakerryan @repstevechabot the desperation is oozing out of your pores  afraid your aynrand dream is going to go up in russian smoke
 @ovahkills smoke that shit im at the shopping center
 when i get off work im gone play gta and smoke lol im over the bs
 terry ferrell is still a smokeshow.
 idk why these hoes think they smoke for free bitch i got bills to pay fym
 i will never forget when i was feening so hard for weed i smoked fucking stems that had hella thc on them 
 i wonder if @johnlegend still smoke
 i looked him dead in the face when i passed him tho  just to make sure he knew he aint want no smoke
 i sit in the back of so many conversations for nothing sometimes. hoping and thinking its progress when really its more smoke amp mirrors.
 i have 40 minutes to kill and i aint got weed on me 
 you may know me by my weed dealer name  jared kushner. sometimes comedy is ez as hell.
 silence  and avoidance man what a disgrace  smoke and mirrors and staged briefings .make you look even more guilty 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you..
 got asked since you worked in a coffee shop do you smoke weed
 ive got green smoke.....ive got green smoke therock alcatraz 
 trynna buy some gold and smoke today
 shouldve just got my granny some smoke for valentines day.
 got that tony tiger kush man pimpin smoke gr8
 almost positive the meaning of valentines day is 2 smoke a blunt amp wear cute lingerie for a brown boy
 when yall just started talking so all he got for you is weed 
 who got weed  
 got out of class to free weed and chocolates  im a lucky girl
 fuck the bs man i gotta grab some smoke
 nah on that note  i gotta smoke  cause that shit just blew my mind 
 i think i killed zhene. i smoked her out and now shes dead asleep
 i would throw a smoke out at the studio for us lonely ones but i gotta perform tonight sooooo never mind.
 i need rare clothing to not cost 150... like 140 for that bianca chardon lover hoodie... you got my smoked.
 who got weed im trynna shop
 roses are red. violets are blue.  when i smoke this blunt.  baby im gone forget you.   
 im so high amp ian even smoked yet
 gotta smoke one tonight since today such a dub
 the waterboy got some good news from @kafiecigars seems fitting to smoke one in 
 its a way to weed out the wrong women.
 i fucked up by thinking that i could smoke and just take a nap without eating the whole damn kitchen. boy was i wrong
 my girl got work amp i aint got shit to do a nigga just wanna smoke
 rowan would b cooler if i didnt have to walk all the way to the woods to smoke
 whom trynna smoke some herbs with me
 so my weedman on bae duties tonight...aint that some shit.
 im so glad my boo is a lil pothead bc she bout to be hella happy with the weed i got her 
 ever have a private date at smoke sammy pulled all the strings out for her man and our main 
 ive gotta say the coolest thing about smokers is the spitting. definitely the spitting
 board passes 90 day moratorium on marijuana with similar land restrictions to alcohol @wjhgtv waltonbcc
 i just want flowers amp weed.
 lemme smoke this blunt in honor of valentines day 
 jemel got this damn weed in my car
 @sippyscenes smoke monster gotta eat. poor bastard got a lousy residuals deal from l o s t.
 tomorrow is pretendingworldisendingday just to have haagendazs weed flavored yay
 i just wish we could all live off the land and smoke peace pipes all day.
 if you are a girl and you smoke weed   please do not go to a store smelling like you hust finished hotboxing a damn car. not cool
 nothing says welcome to dallas like a man smoking weed in elevator at @dartmedia inwoodlove amp another harassing only female on platform.
 guess i gotta get my nails done before work . just caught one on fire .. i could never be a smoker ..
 really finna just put all my weed inna blender cause ian got no grinder and ian bout to break all this shit down 
 alone on v day and im out of weed  
 since i got blown off whos down to smoke
 real shit bruh i just want to smoke a blunt and play for honor all night 
 i gotta smoke again before bed 
 where theres smoke  theres..  for petes sake just impeach him already.
 and there it is. the smell of weed and human feces combined. gotta love sf
 @austenkeim smoke weed. you got this 
 when you in a smoke session amp you controlling the aux you gotta stay on point fr thats a job 
 when you get with the weed man and yall gotta make sales the whole day.  valentines
 leilani and i are parked at a pretty view just tryna smoke .... but the people in the car next to us are fuckin ... happy valentines day
 just hangin out by fountains with my precious @lowellfarms weed bouquet  photo captured by 
 @oreillyfactor just got smoked by @mcuban. thats what happens when you serve up fast balls down the middle to a guy who knows his stuff.
 we should have left smoke bombs in 2011
 not to mention what i got  a god damn smoker 
 got a headache from so much blunt smoke.
 if i smoke this blunt  im going forget you.
 when the weed start dancing thru your body 
 @kylecollinns you got smoke by a v6 dont lie 
 @jakeygotdajuice whats wrong with weed tho lmao ill never understand
 people cant just smoke a blunt they gotta be extra  
 i will smoke w whoever can drive my car to my brothers
 amp if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you.
 amp if i smoke this blunt im gone forget you.
 this fuckin...sweet ass bub with his sweet ass dinner and weed and cookies...boy knows me...i am truly done for
 when i smoke this blunt im gone forget you 
 house of blues staff are weed nazis.
 i just want smoke and fall on the bed
 @lilyachty you do not want smoke w me on any game on xbox i promise
 waiting on the weed man like ..... i should of just grabbed that harambe earlier   but he just interrupted this tweet and called me.....
 i never thought a local tumblr user would find me and ask me to smoke him out for valentines day lol what
 who got weed at eastroom
 she gone off the molly im gone off the weed i do what i want and i do as i please
 im trynna smoke 
 aint ever smoking weed again in my life
 my fat ass walked all the way to my car in the parking lot so i could smoke in it cuz its a titty bit nipply
 this just in the cure for depression is water  weed amp the spice girls back catalogue. 
 smart kids that smoke weed honor roll
 i miss ya  but watch me smoke this blunt and forget vhs
 girl you is my baby  girl you is my baby  i gotta smoke some weed cause girl you drive me crazy
 flynn is the fall guy for russian interference period @gop @potus @vp knows it another smoke screen diversions from 
 fake news out your smoke ass in a position you know nothing about impeach this know nothing sob  
 if you dont wanna smoke you aint gotta babe rollin up by myself tryna find a way
 doctor your still drinking and smoking marijuana des yesh  doctor alrighty thats good
 its 9 am i have nothing 2 do but smoke but im completely cool wit it
 @1averagecolorer that nigga gotta be trollin smh i aint seen weed that looked like that in god knows when
 stick that in your pipe and smoke it  liberals 
 legal weed sound real cool but it aint really worth the move on some real shit
 i will drink a beer and smoke shisha at my own private trumpimpeachmentparty.
 he burrows into his anger until the man i love disappears in a cloud of smoke that now smells more of gunpowder than of marijuana. 1linewed
 he look @ me amp see the mother of his seed .. but only when he sober so he gotta keep his weed
 i need a hookah for the crib but bitches gotta smoke that shit on the balcony
 wen u wit me promise i aint gotta smoke no weed
 @dmpapichulo its not my fault lol i got smoked from behind
 the only thing that held me ten toes down was weed 
 please put up a peace sign if you smoke a piece of mine and find a piece of mind
 im at federal hill smokehouse in erie  pa 
 gandon ass cop you got any drugs in the car  maybe a little weed or some meth wtf
 doctor au yuta do you smoke mark i vape yuta writes fucking loser on clipboard
 literally fuming that someone would even try to rob me though  fuck that not today. ima have to smoke 6 blunts. im fuckin pissed.
 the weed got here amp it was cold. i could barely smoke it the delivery driver called me nigger. i need my bread ba 
 txtm on the move today. government just approved medical marijuana in south africa.
 txtm government just approved medical marijuana in south africa. txtm on the move today.
 lol loved how our uber driver got down and smoked a bowl with us
 i aint gone lie weed cloud ya vision
 idk what kinda weed this is but lord
 its illegal to smoke in a car if theres a passenger under 18
 aint never got no where to smoke 
 im just a weed among many flowers.
 @terrydappel @sweetdeesez i dont smoke and barely drink.
 can you say doublestandard gone wildmsm convinced theyve got trump now. smokescreen what abt jobs  aca  immig 
 there is smoke..i get it..but to make this jump  its got to be proven in my opinion. it sounds legit..but gotta pro 
 @nemobradley smoke summm
 @farcognitions @soulbits @pnguyencong @destinytourney @an00bisgaming does tthis apply to nightstalker smoke
 i got bacon  roses    nothing says love like a bouquet of smokey bacon.  nothing.   bipolar bipolardisorder 
 soooo...our 60 uber driver just asked me if i knew anyone who could ship him weed...uhhh...left at the ligh 
 soooo...our 60 uber driver just asked me if i knew anyone who could ship him weed...uhhh...left at the light 
 @markiaaa water amp weed yes indeed  watch how the outcome be perfecto
 got my pick up for the day i love weedy salad @lmucampusrec 
 g2 300k barbara fritchie high ridge road  rowd e allie  by the moon  regia marina  sweet on smokey  takrees  clothes fall off  wonder gal.
 sometimes i forget that people are still against marijuana 
 they knew we was too cool to smoke crack so they introduced us to percocet   zanies   and codeine... and made it fly and fashionable..
 how do you ppl fall for someone who smokes cigs  then want them to quit liike how did you move past the fact they did it in the first place
 its funny cause ian connor would still just be a model not a designer if he never did that bold of a move and smoke a cig on the runway
 @silencedhippie just ordered the february glass essentials box from hemper cant wait to get itexcited o
 they trynna smoke us out  
 i will not smoke again i promise @ leonard sarosi dds in saginaw  mi 
 i had to smoke a black outta desperation last night cause i got in the car with the wrong person and couldnt get tree
 i got some weed i got some drank lets turn it up
 have some bomb weed but no papers
 i got pussy on my mind i got weed in da air i got nig want to hate i got money on my line i really don got no problem cuz i don got da time
 so i cant smoke in my crib in phx so i gotta smoke outside on some bullshit
 yep  eat meat and digest it yourself  vs  eat weeds and hope you have the right bugs 
 so you gone smoke oil .. 
 my weed is dankin up the whole train car
 @harmonyalania shoot thru bring @tr1zz and some weed hahaha
 so i thought i found a weed man in richmond dat nigga part time asf lol i mustve caught him on a good day 
 well nah i cant say that was some ass weed cuz ian smoke it so
 lunch date with smokeeyes leoromero @ mexicatessen 
 there aint enough weed if i taste the tobacco
 @realdonaldtrump pray4djt  youve got wolves in sheeps clothes on your train.  need to send out a posse to smoke em out.
 aint smoked in two days  whats life 
 continuously being tagged in anything spongebob  golden retriever  or weed related by my friends. for sure 3 out of my top 5
 my coworker got weirded out when i said i smoked weed. im so out of place here man
 that aint even weed man smh  
 wait aint this the girl that was like we got that drank  we got that blunt we gone smoke  
 @rychavis youre watching weeds what a fun date
 @slobonmycobb you barley smoke anymore i gotta take that approach
 @davidyankovich you gotta be kidding. omg. have to smoke weed to get my mind off this shit.
 i love being a skinny nigga. weed and water diet never steered me wrong.
 welcome to weed wednesdays flower review  flower pink elephant  mystery even by 
 i miss those nights we spent together just out enjoying eachothers company. sharing weed  eye contact  conversation   and sexual exchange.
 jacky got me a hemp infused bath bomb for valentines day hahah that girl is truly mi amor forever
 going to church has nothing to do with smoking weed though. 
 im not home  has bill walton gone completely off script talking about legalizing weed yet
 so if i move to texas i can drive around with 500 pounds of marijuana in my car because i culturally identify mysel 
 this weed got me like ... 
 @dons idk i think a g37 infinity he flew right past me and almost smoked a suburban 
 difference in coworkers boys ampa girls club never seen weed melting pot smokes me out in their car mid shift
 it is amazing to me that we have suffocating levels of smoke about the russian scandal amp the doorknob is hot yet no ones has seen a flame 
 where the weed man at
 she gotta look like barbie and smoke like marley
 a3 water the flowers not the weeds and take responsibility for the energy you bring to a space model  model model  vbedchat
 well they got the canabis part right but nigguh i aint smoking sativa the fuck  indicaorindicadominant 
 sometimes i like smelling the bag ion gotta smoke all the time.
 i gotta smoke
 damn nobody aint tryna smoke
 kodak smoke broccoli my nigga smoking popcorn 
 tanner just blew smoke out the sunroof while a cop was riding next to us 
 @rileyluckie @irishshamrock4 smoke signals
 people on my snap from different states smoking on mountains and shit. and i gotta smoke on 544 or some shit smh 
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin
 who got some weed
 this mf only got 10 days without pay  you damn near get more then that for having weed or fighting n wasnt this sh 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im going forget you
 im just trynna smoke amp cuddle 
 you want smoke with me  on my deddyyyyyy you aint reddyyyyyyy 
 when inhaling weed u gotta at least hold it in for minimum 5 seconds 
 hi  my names caleb. i got the blues. i smoke  i drank  cause idk what to do.
  anit nun wrong with smoking weed    god put this here for you and me   
 i aint smoke all day 
 all i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed  really nothing too drastic
 nothin beats good weed amp a little parks and recreation before bed 
 bouta smoke my lungs out and play cod zombies 
 when i smoke this blunt im gone forget you 
 @tierraunique lmao its gone feel weird when you smoke again and yeah wic clutch af cause that milk high dab
 @x0mitaaa ill just smoke by myself lol aint never cared really 
 shit aint always how its played to be. smoke and mirrors.
 me time  smoke a dutch on the couch until i fall asleep 
 chapman throwing smoke....httpst.cop47elehmfh
 parked car smoke sessionsgt
 never smoke not nare nothing a day in her life.
 aint smoked in a min
 me yeah ive smoked before and weed does nothing to me   guy whos name i forgot i got some coke in the car yo 
 @jmamlin you shouldnt smoke..especially butterscotch coffee.
 u gotta smoke 5200 jays in 25 mins to overdose......lmao
 he got caught smoking weed your never too old for a 420 angelsguestlist  weed marijuana  420 
 man wtf is this 50 this weed name is dehydrated  
 ok. who cares when it breaks down in 2 weeks we will brave the awful smoke and save as many russians as we can. 
 when will law enforcement realize weed is just weed  it aint meth  it aint a machine gun  this shit natural nigga
 hope this boy at my job not going be tryna spit game now cause we smoked cause my nigga crazy asf and i aint tryna deal 
 i never smoked weed in my life. whats the hype lol
 drive from point to i drive to sit by myself while you in the other car smoking then get out and smoke more
 i got this nigga bud and i hooked him up and this boy not even gonna smoke me out tf kinda shit is that 
 s1013 engross repeals existing law relating to possession of marijuana or drug paraphernalia by a minor  the us... 
 i always gotta smoke one after i finish my hw. feel like i deserve the shit lol
 im known to leave a scent an weed particles when around
 i was literally trippen so hard earlier today  weed and albondigas saved my life  im good off the  for a min ahahah
 foolish ninja  u try to smoke bomb me. it is useless. i have studied the art of mega toke xl
 i love you baby of course you gotta put in i dont smoke  
 got a smoke show and cant stay loyal... what is wrong with these fools no need to date if you dont want the per 
 i promise that after you smoke with me itll be hard to find another person that rolls as good as me 
 i will watch bob ross and smoke some happy trees.
 dude... bob ross is fucking awesome with weed...
 i cant even smoke standing sometimes forget a birth  
 i meet bryan on west broad a couple weeks ago when he asked if i had an extra smoke. i obliged  
 @weedmaps @dougstanhope @rickthelaureate its insane how much bs this man had to go through because he enjoyed the benefits of marijuana.
 everyone smokes in boone  if you smell weed mind ya biz
 pence aint no olive. more like a cactus. or  stink weed. the trump administration should fall together 
 @simonharristd   alcohol vs cannabis   cannabis and neurogenesis  
 these girls be thinking im trippin  what kinda weed you be smoking what kinda drinks you be sipping.
 crying forget the days we wasted in bed  tangled  the smoke still on your breath  undressed and pinning you up to to the wall
 look just dont smoke pot.  connie mcclure
 it aint shit to just smoke a blunt and relax.
 who drinks and drive when you can smoke and fly 
 @realdonaldtrump quit throwing up smoke screens. its not about election. its about lies  ethics  and patriotism
 it is 2017 why in the world is marijuana still illegal here why
 gotta get my hands on the marijuana business. just one of my streams of income.
 man i been trying to fucken smoke 
 im trynna smoke a blunt 
 gotta smoke while listening to gospel music
 my mom and aunt would smoke weed around me and hot box the car n shit 
 @sethrogen yo seth its your dude kyle. fuck politics  trynna smoke some pot lmk homie
 had a weird dream about smoke bombs and the fbi. i am definitely watching too much criminal minds
 just almost witnessed a girl being smoked by a car while crossing the street. 
 if i smoke this black its gone put me to sleep
 pull it 4 gas smoke gas rocket fuel que es blancodiablo  ids passports fakes id wtf y btch fuc expirations date real
 @moonmanballin they really do lmaooooo they got alll these places for folks to smoke them damn cigs
 listening 2 this hypocritical looney toon spout what he thinks are facts. i really dont know whether to vomit or find whatever he smokes
 mane gotta miss havin a girl thats down to smoke with ya...
 aint put enough weed in it all you do is smoke tobacco
 i posted that thing bout the weed man got all the connects now  no more waiting 
 damn all that weed gone to waste 
 i pretty much switched off of flowers bc i dont want my padclothes to smell like smoke but i sure do miss a blunt in the am sometimes. 
 when youre driving and your car charger starts to smoke and catch on fire and have to throw it out and snack a cars grill......
 @xococori you gone smoke and be ko 
 got a 50 min drive back got my weed  amp pipe...... but no.... fucking..... lighter 
 @sickstory i got smokes and food i was gone 20 min you clown
 you ever forget what you dreamed abt amp it comes rushing back in bits amp pieces just remembered i dreamt about smoking weed with @wizkhalifa
 question is how dude gone get the weed out 
 friday is candy coffee day for me. today  literally. smoked butterscotch latte. verdict recommended.
 traditional cubano sandwiches... hungry smoked pork butt  sliced virginia ham spicy brown 
 rellos aint 2 for 1 no more nigga aint no real smoker  
 found a piece of weed in a customers xbox  
 smoking weed it aint got no seeds you be smoking dirt 
 hungry smoke a backwood
 who got weed in duncanville
 just got to denver and first thing i gotta do is smoke a blunt
 conversation i overheard at starbucks if you smoke weed here youll get arrested as long as im parked next to my man snoop  im good
 this a new venue so you know we gone have to gone amp smoke dat hoe out...everybody bring a gram or 2  thefinal4
 me and her gotta smoke asap 
 a real wood smoker knows all you gotta do is put water on them  
 how you gone sell bud amp you smoke it it aint trickin if you got it
 id be pissed. callem and asked were ya weed 
 my mom found weed in the dryer with chepes clothes  i died of laughter 
 my poolside cannabis cannabiscommunity cannabis cannabisculture 
 sometimes i forget weed is illegal 
 lmao rt @ctrllaltdelight gone with the weed  change2lettersruinafilm
 i need friends that like to smoke and paint... or just paint.... or just smoke... or hangout in general
 the riff that taught everyone how to play guitar smoke on the water by deep purple 
 annoyed until i smoke a pancake 
 they got the perfect foul nigga to play the role to bag a girl who smoke blacks and drink cheap wine  mike j a legend
 sometimes i wish i aint smoke cuz shit i could use that extra money ... then i roll a jay amp spark .... that thought be gone quick as it came
 if you on ya shit aint nun wrong wit da weed but if you aint on shit n cant even afford da gas wyd foo 
 @nadiaaaliyah i would never forget the day you threw the weed out the window 
 i literally went out for breakfast came back home  me amp liz smoked and now were @ @olivegarden lmao foodislife
 men get weird bout weed amp sports if ur a girl lmaooo its a background check name 10 players on the vikings practice squad if u like sports
 i been bored all weed
 who left the back woods in my car  cus i damn sure dont smoke them vanillasallday
 if i got weed my homies got weed too its that simp.
 said it  truth in a minds a terrible thing to waste as b wasted ur life 4 what i just do weed. cleaning up act honorable drown in dishonor
 the smoked butterscotch drink is delicious. @ starbucks 
 miss my bitch @erinplunkettt  we gotta smoke together this summer frfr
 im finna b in the house allllll day long . sleep eat and smoke
 my attitude is on 1000 right now and i have a crazy headache. going to clean my car then smoke  hopefully that helps
 bitch you aint put enough weed in the sheet you smoking tobacco
 i needta smoke 
 just gone smoke a blunt tonight and have a beer.
 leading by exampleinsurrection is hard to weed out after the illegal immigrants are in place @realdonaldtrump 
 maybe i should start smoking weed..im overly stressed. 
 @alexandriamorgz is a got damn smoke show
 @myramc one shouldnt buy weed on the street anyway obvs  but fentanyl is just getting worse and worse so who knows where itll be next
 when the weed man tell you he got but its not for sale. 
 when the weed man tell you he got it but its not for sale. 
 petroleum based products littering the landscape  not to mention the feces. smoked up stoners. dapl 
 hungry and want to smoke 
 master p got too much lean amp weed in his system lol he shitty
 jackie jus called me a disgrace cuz i got weed on me  alright
 @folieamew forget weed  wheres the gouda
 gotta smoke 
 i wonder if im good enough... but maybe ive had just too much to drink  to smoke...
 makeasongwhiny  i cant even stand that smoke on the water anymore burning my eyes
 i smell weed mother focker livepd
 i shouldnt of smoked now im back hungry 
 since there aint shit to do  ill just read my book and smoke.
 straight up told my dad i smoke so much cuz theres nothing else to do in this bum fuck state
 i done smoked in my car and everything and it still has that new car smell 
 aint put no smoke in the air all day 
 cute girls that roll weed i call that role models
 cigarettes tastes bad enough when you smoke them my step dad says as he smokes a cigarette
 im trynna smoke and go to the movies lmao
 all i wanna do is forget about my past  and smoke a little weed  really nothin too drastic
 ive been smoking so much weed lately that im considering growing my own plants
 this girl said how you gone smoke with a broken nail  bitch how else
 who got some weed
 all i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed  really nothing to drastic
 smoking weed riding round
 lol i come to my usual smoke spot and im pretty sure i got the car in front of me paranoid af because they left so fast when i parked
 tfw you want your kids to fall asleep so you can smoke pot on the porch.
 ive been searching for god in the weed that he gave me
 im high and watching a video of tyler the creator and these other dudes all smoking weed and watching ancient aliens and its great
 what could be worse than this  shoplifting  selling weed  it so sick.
 kinda like where theres smoke  theres fire ... 
 awe somebody got caught smoking weed on my floor 
 if you aint on shit  if you trynna smoke  you can hit my line
 people aint shit amp weed aint free anna
 alcohol  ive smoke before but it just aint me 
 just realized the guy who plays stan on 17 again is also the guy who plays silas on weeds... mind blown.
 its an ambien and weed kinda night 
 got paid today  got some good weed to roll...life is good
 itsabouttimei smoke a bowl to play this game 
 and if a leave fall put some weed up in that butch. 
 what kinda weed is this rosalee burned  undergroundwgn
 im at the hospital and all i hear is alonzo saying where the weed at man got a black man itching 
 i love rewatching weeds
 gotta smoke before i go to sleep
 people gotta lie on you or make up bullshit to make it right nigga i aint never used nothing but weed amp a lil water that suit wasnt right
 got damn im out of weed
 girl u is my baby girl u is my baby... gotta smoke some weed cause girl u drive me crazy
 its almost like bill maher got brownie points for smoking weed  while everyone pretended to ignore his hatred of m 
 but if a cop sees marijuana they arrest you but you hit my car at 1 am obviously drunk and what nothing happens fucking bullshit
 whos got weed
 i really gotta drive my mom rn and i just smoked in my car like 5 mins ago. wtf is my life
 @mndrmg  lets still smoke wya 
 naaah shawwtyy i dont smoke
 capitol hill going to pot theres now a congressional cannabis caucus 
 we really got tacos  weed and about  to start off narcos at episode one 
 got someone who smokes cigars in their flat under me. makes me nauseous. got another one upstairs whose loo keeps running  drives me nuts
 i aint got no weed damn
 got the smoke detectors going crazy
 @fantas5y @mrloon3y rushing hole in the wall from offensive spawn with a smoke is disgusting
 legit walked by my grandma with weed in my hand and she was like whats that gotta blast 
 imma smoke this blunt amp fall asleep. 
 want 2 smoke till i fall asleep
 i love portland. can i just move here i promise ill try to get used to the smell of all the marijuana 2ndhand smo 
 the worse part is i aint even got no weed 
 not every day you gotta smoke.   let niggas wake up to that
 im having a grande iced smoked butterscotch latte light ice at rye starbucks.
 frank is really smoking weed  drinking alcohol amp streaking with his doctor 
 never been in a checkpoint after that time i had weed in my car 
  not conducive to sleep but god damn its bumpinin the six double zero smokin weed eatin chili cheese fritos
 first its butterscotch  not butter scotch. second smoked butterscotch really why starbucks 
 i say to seth rogen you stick to smoking weed and acting in hollywood and leave the government stuff the politicians 
 i aint even smoke yet ..
 no college education but this marijuana meditation got me on my shit with no hesitation
 anybody trynna smoke
 ferguson smokes a double
 me. except i aint got no weed  
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoke 
 im boutta be 20  you gotta at least be legal for me to even smoke with you. 
 @desusnice @thekidmero aint coming back for a  i gotta smoke the wild l and watch @trevornoah 
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking  play wit my drank this shit aint sealed..
 @mholzschlag cannot forget the smoke 
 come smoke some weed with me its saturday you aint got no job and you aint got shit to do ibakefamily 
 they locking everybody up for having so much as a nick of weed in the car. for a damn plant. its medicinal. meanwh 
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 washington may have finally found bipartisan consensus with congressional cannabis caucus  
 i wish i couldve smoked during this drive 
 all i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a lil weed  really nothing too drastic 
 aint no smoggy smoke on rocckkytttoppp  govols 
 i aint even smoke my first blunt of the day yet
 when you dont smoke and find a roach in you car 
 i demand a new strain of weed cabo wabbo. with both sativa and indica varieties.
 just how mainstream is marijuana theres now a congressional cannabis caucus.  hsgovchat
 i aint smoked in so long all i need is one hit  
 this is how respectful smokers are when they are at a non smokers house    just put your 
 @restwellmu i aint taking it from you sis  i know you start trynna get me together when i said thats all i smoke cause the bull
 jessie said aint no smoke for alot of yall this year 
 got a ticket for not even a gram of weed 
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..c sativa exposure..use..reported..increased fre 
 cannabis  hemp seed 2015  allergic disease..c sativa exposure..use..reported..increased fre 
 im trynna smoke
 2015 cannabis  hemp seed   allergic disease..c sativa exposure..use..reported..increased fr 
 2015 cannabis  hemp seed   allergic disease..c sativa exposure..use..reported..increased fr 
 who got the funk we we got the funk well i got the weed they got the blunt
 water amp weed
 i smoke when i squeeze. @liltunechi
 i aint got no weed
 gotta throw all that weed away now smh. 
 these dudes are smoking weed in the taco bell drive thru and just asked for a whataburger 
 i know im not supposed to smoke cus i just got surgery on my face but damn i got this blunt rolled up and its calling my name 
 has he got enough weed no.
 another complex masterpiece from wicked weed. this one is a belgianstyle tripel. brewpon craftbeer 
 i got six grams of weed for 25. hows your day going
 looking business casual and got some weed we can roll up.
 chopped bbq ya dig.... gotta hit it wit the smoke cuzo.  eatupyoubitchyou @ the honeycomb 
 lemme get off sativa   i got some homies who still smoke that shit 
 whats left of my calhouns smoked wings.  yummmm @ calhouns on bearden hill 
 but...i had a good day and i got a lot of weed so  lets get high......
 @heathpearce to quote smokey in friday  why you gotta bring up old shit
 @trbraden thats what i figured...i saw the smoke and you move to the outside.  announcers never mentioned it 
 anyone selling smoke bombs
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 .. brb  gotta get smokes peaceout
 got free weed thru the drive thru window today
 replacemovietitlewithdalejr smoked and dale jr
 if i gotta stay in the house i need more weed
 i havent been in the mood to smoke lately...
 i meant to say yell but yeah i aint smoke enough yet ill chill out once i do 
 isaac judge @judgeike your 2017  152pound state title champion. a 70 shutout decision of no. 8 trey van weeden. iahswr
 man i aint smoked all day and aint even gotta dealer around and all my friends in the city and my baby is at work and my puppy isnt here
 dude i double dog dare you to sniff a line of marijuana 
 i got bottles  got weed  got molly.
 mind if i smoke in your car 
 definitely gotta smoke me a blunt after work
 no body to smoke with and i already smoked a blunt to my self 
 i dont even have to smoke and i would just be gone off of nothing
 @fmc21369 @alihulmes @princessbravato @djkhw11 @hexangyl  he was never a mess never smoke never drink ...
 really locked my weed in my old car.  keys no where to be found... 
 yea gotta get this smoke smell off me too .. shower then maybe littles party
 i dont have an appetite until i smoke.
 just woke up amp i aint got no smoke
 only if they knew how much we smoke in a day
 i promise u my nigga we do not smoke the same
 got a promotion at work got into college and im boutta smoke a 8th of sour to the dome today was a great day
 im trynna get smoked up 
 just going to smoke cause niggas aint shit 
 gotta sleep on the couch bc my sister and her friends are using my room to smoke weed 
 i got another 5iveee on it. if you aint on shit  if you tryna smoke  you can hit my line
 who got weed
 im just trynna smoke
 fuck i got so drunk and then i just smoked a shit load
 these are the nights where i need to smoke. i can not fall asleep.
  i aint smoke in so long 
 who got smoke 
 me amp smokey... i gotta walk smokey down to his house.
 gotta roll my weed up amp kick my feet up
 ew. wasted your weed  didnt even inhale. mine and als song tho.
 everybody gotta smoke to relax their mind. no harm  no foul lol
 tfw u got no patience for the boring basics blocking yr weed handoff 2 @katyazamo 
 dont smoke and drive
 nothing wrong with a little bit of weed...but theres definitely something wrong with a lot of weed. 
 sometimes you just have to wakeup and smoke a bowl at 4 am just to fall asleep for another hour and a half. 
 big body no scam.  thanks for the weed fam  
 i fell asleep next to the blunt i meant to smoke
 im sorry lord but i gotta smoke this blunt before i come in yo house 
 idk if it was cause of the time difference or cause i havent smoked but my stomach appetite been messed up
 who got a studio where i can shoot parts of a video i need lights and a smoke machine
 just how mainstream is marijuana theres now a congressional cannabis caucus. 
 just how mainstream is marijuana theres now a congressional cannabis caucus. 
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin 
 does this mean hes figured out he cant smoke amp play in the league 
 imma make a video series called dominick vs and describe how id smoke various animals. salute @majhatesall and @joe03 for the motivation
 i wonder who the mf was that discovered weed was smokable 
 shoot the weedman if the dope aint smoking 
 we still have the smoked butterscotch latte here at vt starbucks try one and tell us what you think
 holly smokes read an artical philippines president may have found a half brother of mine obamas a son of a whore too
 trynna smoke tough today whos trynna keep up
 so no plays  cool  some body come smoke me out
 who trynna smoke 
 keep sleeping on my car  nigga got his ass smoked lastnight
 im trynna smoke some woods 
 non smoker told me she never smoked a day and her life and just got diagnosed with lung cancer
 @snarkystarkey @joeynoelle @beeslytweets go for that smoked butterscotch latte
 we smoked we got high caught each other vibes
 all i wanna do is forget about my past  smoke a lil weed  nothing too drastic
 i gotta smoke atleast 3 times before im high  then i can art the way i want
 im trynna smoke a blunt
 just gone smoke and relax until work
  marley are the whole bag of cannabis
 guess i gotta smoke by myself
 who got some snacks for the smoke up lmao
 @thehill @reince credibility is like smoke. once its been set on fire  its gone.
 i got money on me 1v1 all 1s against anybody on the tl  we gotta go to 5 cuz i smoke amp get tired fast
 why isnt instagram the name of a really fast weed delivery service or golden grahams or both now theres a business model randomthougts
 aint nothing wrong with weed  
 @lefloof i havent had that much weed lately. just lots and lots of wine.
 found a piece of weed in my dreads...ima honorary rasta now..
 survey should marijuana be 1 illegal
 the wonders of ganja
 derrick drives my soul  fuckin weed head
 who in the a trynna smoke some gas
 havent smoked not uh lick of nothing. and i aint even worried fr feeling good
 quick stop here for a killer cubano miamismokers wmbrownstyle miami cubano @ miami smokers 
 man a smoke drive on this nice day sounds so lit
 nothing to smoke 
 im looking for the local weed man  can somebody please tell me where he stay  i aint smoked all fuckin day  i got 50 on a muhfuckin eighth
 on a nice day like this you gotta smoke a blunt outside listening to jeffery
 bro if i aint drive a prius i woulda smoked that nigga  
 @tonyfan1420 whos your new driver since tony retired smoke @1carolinagirl @705cinder @markoliveras215 @redneckkacie
 i gotta get some more weed
 i have some bomb ass flower rn and no one tryna smoke 
 got weed all on my garments
 on the genesis that boy said  i shouldve never smoked that weed  
 who got smoke 
 ive been throwing up all day and i thought weed would help but now im just high and throwing up
 im trynna smoke and hit the park  whats up
 @spacebling smoke.. me
 smart kids that smoke weed  honor roll
 gotta love a smoke day in february  smokeselfie 
 still gotta smoke and grub before i head out
 and i smoke that shit that smell like when you take yo cast off  damn i miss old lil wayne 
 sometimes you just gotta sit in your car blast some tunes and smoke
 nick diaz got mma banned for 2 years for marijuana   jon jones tested positive for cocaine use and got nothing..   let that sink in..
 i just got a damn ticket for speeding. i was so damn scared cus i got weed on me.
 i have no appetite unless i smoke and it blowwwwwwwwwws
 between cigarette smoke through the walls  stolen gear  careless security  im rethinking this nice neighborhood.
 @krsxjr gotta be smart about how much we smoke
 when u remember u got just enough weed left in the grinder to roll 1 
 @mrpope weed is still illegal here dude
 truly believe there is no worse smell than cigarette smoke
 trynna smoke
 i just saw a man with a sign that said i need money for weed  bitches  and pizza gotta respect the honesty
 hes in the weeds figuratively and literally. 
 i smoke like a walrus 
 i aint even get no weed smh
 nothing like a smoke after a hard days work 
 abbys dad asked us if we were hungry from smoking the marijuana or actually hungry
 perfect girl for me is really in tune with herself  has crazy colored hair purple or pink smokes weed  and loves photography. 
 when your mom find the weed in your room while you was turning up now you gotta go home and hear her mouth 
 i gotta smoke with my older brothers that would be fried 
 i got my own weed suckaaa
 i promise you this is the last time i get in the car with people smoking weed or drinking while driving
 we got some weed. 
 im trying to smoke and go to an all you can eat sushi place lol
 mark drink beer smoke cigarette hell i had thousand women never the one soulmate life journey my lonely story mark got last date i checking
 john wall smoked that junk
 i have to make due with my weed until thursday
 nasje swear she dont smoke no more but we got high earlier 
 shouldve never smoked before watching this movie..
 can you smoke weed without throwing up
 @missdeutsch @drewbongiorno what the hell happened to straight weed damn they want a day they got a month now the weed whats next
 if i smoke this blunt you dont exist to me
 @meganmckenzie94 bale catapult requires a wall to work at throwing marijuana over the wall. moomins might not fit 
 can i just fast forward to my court date so i can smoke again
 i hate when a weed man got u waiting... stop playing with me before i rob u nigga
 i stopped smoking before i eat and smoke after but then that just makes me hungry again 
 i almost got arrested for smoking weed at universal studios lmaooo
 doctor do you smoke me smoke what doctor  
 on god you gotta learn how to smoke those hoes 
 bout to storm and i aint got no smoke
 antique meerschaum from my estate collection. never been smoked ipsd pipesmoking pipes 
 what if she dumb disrespectful got no morals  got no job just smokes  drinks 247  rude and a gold digger you sti 
 ben hasty u shot gun ass why mark knew u i remember u asked me to smoke dope mark know i would have ben hasty donnie stupid live mark life
 im bored  hungry  and trynna smoke..smh
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking 
 gotta smoke and drink so i can forget 
 i got lean i got kush i got dope i got smoke
 just got kicked outta the bar for smelling like weed 
 i smoke to muchhh omg  gotta stop .
 dam who gotta xbox one 2k smoke freeeeeeeeeee 
 danny staring at the mango swisher  danny i want danny to smoke this  true love @dnnywin
 he hella mad his weed was gone when he got here  should of came and got it when u was suppose to
 whats ya fav type of weed strand
 all we do at work on the weekends is sit in bradleys car and smoke
 forget the days wed waste in bed  tangled  the smoke still on your breath  undressed and pinning you up to the wall
 deadass thinking about sneaking out just to go smoke  got too much on my mind lol
 aint nothing wrong with a lil weed 
 i knew i should have smoked
 why am i so lit what kinda weed is this this aint right 
 who trynna smoke with ya boy and vibe
 damn i shouldve just smoked and grabbed a arizona from the gas station
 im trynna smoke man
 theres so much smoke coming out of my car rn lmao
 whos trynna get smoked out 
 @justinscott769 you smoke why i never knew this
 @dryrubf3 lived up to his name with a smoker today in @f3lkn
 im trynna smoke
 i shouldve smoked before class 
 gotta smoke before you eat its law lol
 taking a leisurely stroll around @lowes w smoked butterscotch latte from @starbucks ilovefederalhollidays bankershours
 i have one friend i met in a spades game  and the rest are from smoking weed lmao ... not dating yet tho 
 truly an iconic video she broke boundaries and smoked a blunt with chopsticks amp proceeded to fuck shit up 
 dam his weed gotta be from other planet or someshit lmao 
 @loveeyuubra after my next class.. but aint smoking weverybody if everybody dont have no weed.
 @starbucks why is smoked butterscotch gone already it really should be a regular flavor always available.... 
 one day...i was broke  hungry  and alone....i barely had gas in my car or any weed to smoke....so decided to go get it now i cant stop
 a lot of mf round me aint good for nun but smoking all my weed and asking for a favor
 not to  mention how much weed the kid burns on a daily
 love was a promise made of smoke in a frozen copse of trees  a bone older than our bodies. 
 all i need in my life is weed  water  and designer shades.
 yo i got this pack just laying next to me and it smells so good i dont even wanna smoke it yet it got my whole house boomin
 yall really gotta leave the weed alone 
 damn thats crazy because everybody that got tagged smoke  but we gone smash on some  
 aint smoked in 4 days. aint no turning back
 @uber the past 2 ubers i took were driven by smokers amp their cars reeked with cabs u can request nonsmoking drivers. u shud add that.
 woke up in the fog.. i really gotta slow down on the reefer. 
 i finished the whole 3rd season of weeds last night.....
 guess i gotta smoke this blunt and ride dirt bikes by myself 
 just had two whitehispanic girls try to sell me weed  not shitting on them just thought it was funny.
 starbucks sorry  we no longer have the smoked butterscotch latte   me 
 not only is the car ahead of me throwing their cigarettes out and hitting my car  i can even smell the smoke from the car. i hate you
 @kodakblack1k not only is your songs ass  you out here facetiming little children  not to mention shes smokes new ports 
 its crazy how dependent my appetite is on smoking weed 
 who has weed and blunts and wants to smoke ive got .
 if my kid wanna smoke weed they can do it once they turn 16. but they gpa gotta be at least a 3.35 or that shit is over with
 my mom supports literally everything i do... just gotta her on the weed train 
 not a single spark  ember or smoke signal 
 im still high. that city weed aint no btch
 my doctor said he wished he could reccommend cannabis. what do other doctors say 
 just found weed in my hair.. damn 
 @fincock @brandilove smoken hot body sweetie
 gotta listen to smoke break at least once a day.
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 i gotta make some of that there weed butter so i can start cooking with it.
 trynna smoke after skyzone
 guess ill smoke.. im bored amp this bih taking all damn day w my fuckin food dawg ..
 i wonder if im good enough but maybe ive just had too much to drink  to smoke  to swallow im drownin up my sorrows
 that applies to whole lotta smoke
 nothin to do except smoke and drive 20 in your pocket million on your mind
 how did marijuana become illegal in the first place 
 hey  baby...stop selling weed you got your whole life ahead of you  fuck you  nigga i got kids to feed
 in ohio finally just gotta get to my hotel so i can smoke my brains out and nap
 that morning after youve been smoking weed... breath be stinking like shit
 so i didnt have to work a double  but my weed guy is outta weed. so i still lose
 sometimes after i smoke i like to just get in the car and just drive and listen to music full blast
 damn that smokey bones went crazy
 shoot the weed man if the weed aint smok
 need somebody new that i can start kicking it with  gotta smoke gas too
 just had my first rude @starbucks experience in target  asked  if they had the smoked butterscotch cold she repli 
 60 degrees in cleveland on a holiday in february  gotta bring the smoker out. 
 buy a house in the hills and hella weed 
 once i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you .. 
 my off days consist of house cleaning   grocery shopping  eating   and hella smoke 
 allison just passed by me singing all i want to do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed  really nothing too drastic the fuck
 yall gotta quit hittin me up to smoke  ion smoke no mo
 @zoewl i saw one that said want to smoke alpaca bowl. and it had a picture of an alpaca. easily one of the greatest things ive seen
 @squireradio @therealbeauyork @jondavidcole i can even smoke the king cake happy ipsd 
 real convo i had at starbucks today  hi yeah what does the smoked butterscotch taste like  um idk butterscotch
 ian selling nomoee weed i gotta smoke this with my gangsta bitch @prettyaszmeech
 aint hittin shit if it aint weed wtf 
 @xtatiana @eazye215 @kimbroughslice rs we all gotta smoke together
 february 28th cant come fast enough  im tired of not being able to smoke 
 just kickin it dey laughing at dem nighas bout how they weed stay up to par but credit score aint shit
 @kingjr301 at least i dont gotta pose with the smoke or use jr in my name. @hyrulecitizen
 i love watching music videos while i smoke my blunts.
 smoke it too its gone we smoke strong 
 hate smokeing alone   kinda crazy 
 smoking weed may make you feel good for a little bit but youll never forget
 @thekidmero gotta smoke em both now
 tried to be cute and be extra swervin for the curve and now ya bf gotta watch his back so he dont get smoked. smh. 
 crack a window we gone smoke this indo
 need to go on a smoke drive  so much on my mind 
 i just got placed in a 2v4 match and got smoked and then banned @halo what is going on notcool halo5 
 i got a cop to buy me weed. haha
 ready to smoke this bleezy
 finna face a bleezy amp just sit in the smoke lol.
 corinne is the goat  she got tossed but still... smoke
 you guys gotta listen to this  i just smoked out of the wrong side of the blunt wow jt
 when you smoke the herb  it reveals you to yourself  bob marley
 doctor do you smoke me why you trynna match doctor  
 my landlord finna catch a .40 cal bullet to the head if i dont smoke this blunt...
 i kind start side stepping out of the room anytime leftism starts in about weed and video games or other shit for children.
 @skyleen1232 when i said i left the weed in my car.
 gotta roll up outside cause my weed be reakin
 wish i can smoke a blunt and paint on a canvas right now
 bout to smoke the fck out of this bowl then play some kingdom hearts 
 yall gotta chill  smoke a blunt n relax lmaooo
 forget geneediting  cloning  and life extension  cannabis is about to disrupt medicine right now. 
 nothing scares you quite like your smoke alarm going off while youre asleep only to realize it needs new batteries. why at 1115 p.m. 
 sometimes i forget to eat but i dont forget to smoke cus then i remember to eat aftet i remember to smoke. wow that was deep
 fuck the last wood came out retarded now i aint got nun to smoke out of
 i am a piece of marijuana rn and also my loction 
 if you aint on some shit  if you tryna smoke  you can hit my line
 i smoke a million swisher blunts and i aint ever coming down
 you smoke weed everyday amp ask me for a piece of my blend everyday but vex with me when i tell you no because i only have scraps for myself
 i need some fucken marijuana in my life 
 cardi know she wrong. that girl aint want no type of smoke..
 bouta smoke this blunt in honor of  @rihanna s  day today i luhhh you biiiiitch
 yall got no smoke
 i got high as fuck off a doobie  this weed go crazy.
 if i smoke dis jay girl im gone forget u
 do mfs get bored n just start tweetin smoked out shit or what 
 whos trynna smoke
 ive got the best smoke spot. 
 why people gotta ask so surprised when i tell that i never smoked 
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you whoup
 i got blunt smoke in my eye 
 i gotta be an addict and smoke weed to supress my dream stage. smh. looking fir excuses to be addicted to weed
 we gone pretend like they didnt spell marijuana wrong @ 045 
 the debate do i try and fall asleep and it take forever or smoke and then fall asleep real quick.....hmm
 honestly lately all ive been doing when i get home is smoke and play cod lol
 told my po wasnt gone smoke but im still gone drop 4s in a fanta 
 now im just up on some awkward shit bc i aint smoke lol
 here tryna take a smoke break in my car  then a guy gets in the car parked in front of me and is now just in there staring at me. 
 im so hungry  theres nothing but bongs amp weed in this house 
 cigerets nuthing you smoke can be that bad for you o maby cigerets would be the worse
 i smoke so much weed  i forget its illegal
 @alertpage smoke from fire in orlando as seen from the hyatt regency on international drive 
 about to smoke  fuck. i aint trynna be up this early 
 and if i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you
 had a dream i was omw to see kehlani and when i got there we smoked a bleezy together  
 julio jones trade. drafting trent richardson. drafting manziel. drafting brandon weeden. drafting justin gilbert. c 
 smoke a lot of weed but i could never forget ya.
 niggas lacing they weed with acid out here now  
 you set a fire up and down my skin as your fingertips go scraping. im as gone as ive ever been amp it aint weed or whisky baby 
 @bratch i dont even smoke amp i forget its illegal 
 i aint rushing anything man.. i done seen my cousin smokepurpp come up  i done seen ski mask come up  my turn coming.. we all human
 prett sure working out would be easier if i aint smoke so damn much
 if the laws pull me over is you gone stash the weed mrandmrsright2k17
 fwm i got the killest kush   promise my weed is pure white from all the keef
 the girl that just walked past me smelled like weed and bologna 
 all i got to say is i hope ohio legalize i all i got to say is i hope ohio legalizes weed
 whole lotta weed my nutrition
 fasho trynna smoke later
 had a piece of weed on my nail and the lady was like    i found leaf thing in nail i clean for you 
 @brindaspencer hahah what they gotta do with this did they give 12 your location and where you hide your weed
 yoooo @jboogmusic please play ganja farmer on thursday. 
 congratulations   you said the most smoked out shit all 2017 n its barely february the 21st 
 join us as we break down the differences between indica  hybrid  and sativa medical marijuana strains. 
 we are sending this adorable box of goodies to hemphill hound sanctuary on behalf of 
 i cant date a girl who smokes all day
 @thatsjeandeaux i got my rec. if you go to weedmaps and find a shop  go through their menu and i got u 
 seen niggas get smoked and dey aint have a case
 i thought i was about to smoke   but i aint got no swisher 
 when im not here does anyone miss my secondhand smoke do you wonder where i am or who im with call me a midtwenty sob story realfriends
 ian smoke in 3 days 
 you niggas aint really solid you just play solid i know if u get put to the test you gone get smoked whats that  gassssssssssss
 story calgary cop accused of stealing marijuana set up in undercover sting  court hears on day 1 of his trial 
 i deserve a day where i just smoke amp  stay in bed amp not do shit  absolutely nothing.
 i aint smoke in like 3 days 
 my car smells like weed  alcohol and la vics lmao. jesus wobbleland weekend was crazy.
 got into the habit of pulling weeds  lol my dad would be so proud
 if you ditched today tell me what you did  other than smoke weed 
 we never running outta weed..might as well gone roll it
 i forget how insane it is that you can smoke inside vegas casinos.
 @weedwrangler 1st annual weed warrior training in phoenix az  gabeludwig@baregroundit training us how to kill we 
 i got so much weed in my blunt i can make a fuckin mullet
 i smoked too much water
 nothing but hennessy and weed coming out my pores. they called me up front cause the smell was 
 gotta find a plug here in carrollton for when i do wanna smoke  .
 man i just blew a 1.7 amp cnt smoke another one in two weeks dnt piss me off man
 its just the swishers and little weed pieces  
 im not gonna lie sometimes i actually forget weed is illegal
 she got an interview. i got weed to roll up. 
 he never smokes wout me so i kinda see why he got upset but in reality its just weed...
 a man and his smoker what a great game we play. love the chemistry. this is a bond they write amp 
 your mcm will drop a hundred on weed or alcohol but wont take you to mcdonalds  yet you got a keeper
 wow medical marijuana   but no alcohol on sundays. indianas taking baby steps. 
 @markwahlberg wya lets smoke
 the weed got ya looking so damn crazy 
 im fenna start back selling weed niggas act like they aint got no kinda pep in they step
 some dude asked me out on a date to smoke a blunt and eat at chicfila and i said yes who would say no amp honestly im so excited bout it.
 im trynna smoke
 drinking a huma lupa licious by @shortsbrewing @ sportys wing shack and smoke house  saginaw  
 gotta smoke to ease my mind 
 smoke so much weed forgot the shit was illegal
 be having the weed in the car riding cozy and safe as hell.
 about to smoke so much amp drown you out
 who trynna smoke a woood
 @koryg10 @coachtomherman if marijuana were legal  hed be in the hof 
 there is nothing worse when sick than the scraping toxicity of secondhand cigarette smoke. eff smoking. eff it to hades.
 @nedryun  gop says radioactive waste is good  nasty shale steriods uppers.but rob arrestamp kill those damn narco terrorists even weed in usa
 beginning of senior year got suspended for having weed in my car and parking shitty  
 i gotta smoke to that shit bruh get that nigga outta my city
 so weed gummies dont exist  
 @ennajx i gotta smoke my nerves bad den a mf
 the us government has known since 1974 that cannabis cures cancer. in 72 richard nixon wanted a 
 omg guys. weed water  
 i shouldnt have smoked that much before class. i shouldve aired out... damn. 
 and i promise you my joints would smoke longer than your blunts
 this weed got my body sore
 no more smoked butterscotch lattes
 dillon persinger smokes a single past the shortstop.
 i only smoke so much cause i have nothing else to do literally
 bad design is smoke  while good design is a mirror. juancarlos fernandez
 we gotta smoke one more.
 @mfourie64 i had a smoked butterscotch latte amp copper had a puppuccino.. secretmenu
 @dreprince1 never i didnt smoke for a hot min down here then people b just giving me weed left n right 
 if mideastcorn was a yankee candle itd call you a faggot as you lit it and smell like cannabis oil and hate.
 if mideastcorn was a yankee candle itd call you a faggot as you lit it and smell like cannabis oil  @johnpalriveras hair and felafel
 my mom just offered me a hundred bucks to not smoke a joint tonight. needless to say i am not a hundred dollars richer.
 @mdayziee @itsdreaok @jessc99 @sammiecabello @yaeeyaee4 my gun gone smoke a mf
 @bbnsportstalk @gocatsmeow missouri student section has no class lucky stone cold aint in columbia cause i smoke them tigers looking ass
 you are a flower in a field and im just a weed in the cracks
 im trynna smoke.. wea dey at doe
 @ctvtoronto smoke alarms wouldnt matter if it were criminal in nature. gotta wonder what really happened there eh
 | hey babes  you really pretty  can dress and cool af we gotta smoke sometimes
 i been smoking so much lately i be smoking weed like its legal
 the dudes that live across from me and kyle are cheifin literally 247. idk how you can possibly smoke that much  got iron lungs or somn.
 testing for illegal pesticides on legal marijuana crop to ramp up at yakima lab  via @yakimaherald
 am i a weedhead
 my grades have gone down due to lack of smoking weed
 hard day training today... im smoked 
 im sorry mama i aint give up yet and weed aint killed a soul so dont get upset
 ive lowkey been trying to smoke lately lmao
 im too bored this is why i smoke everyday
 brooo i aint got no weed and aloft tipsy....
 watch the official smoke chambers recap. so @aunibasent for the platform. 
 whos got some fucking weed
 i aint smoke all day
 amp they got my son j inna car looking dick out to  i bet he aint even get a buzz off that bs ass weed
 i got roll i got smoke i got hoe i got chances blown i got one i got two i got three quantum physics ow .. ah james @realdonaldtrump
 finaldestination gone have that good smoke  im talking have them boys fulla purple when they enter  
 we aint gotta find out. i already know i can out smoke any of you  got you on retard land bruh
 only smoke that bomb shit.
   smoke a little weed but her shit together now that im on  i can pick and choose  only fuck with hoes who got shit to lose
 tax hannah hoes i got three i got four i got dope i got buffet coke koch roll ford dad neee dad i got smoke  @realdonaldtrump @davidmpaine
 got this half a blunt so why not smoke it
 dude shoulda never fw you so i never got caught with weed  
 damn i was suppose to smoke some how the hell i forget about that get it together jay
 this girl is throwing smoke  
 i just smoke and fall asleep to netflix every night
 i be throwing away weed  fuck with ya boi
 its disassociating how you can be so close to another human and then they are gone like a puff of smoke.
 @nbcla out   loud amp proud faggot  queer   gay man  homosexual etc... heard it all pole smoker  after awhile the shit rolls off right off
 ppl at my job gotta smoke every 5 seconds 
 why tf my alarm gotta go off i aint got work lol finna smoke up tho
 this weed got me in the future idk
 smokin weed all day  in beverly i stay
 this smoked butterscotch thingy from starbucks is lit af 
 .i gotta smoke before work b
 is smoking weed illegal for snoop dog too
 it would be an honor to smoke with snoop 
 mmm nothing primo smoke to start the day  man...    
 if one dream should fall and break into a thousand pieces  never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.  flavia weedn
 in the bernie sanders shelter theres free health care  weed  a wall...made of cake  love @mmflint @robreiner usa
 im pissed i got a brand new pipe and i left it in haileys car and she sc me a pic of it and said  good cop  bitch you dont smoke
 @robdelaney @clarkgregg my father has head and throat cancer never smoked a day in his life  he smokes weed for pain and appetite. yay weed
 sometimes you gotta lie  like when someone hits you for weed amp you aint home   you lie amp say im down the street s 
 everybody wanna smoke til they gotta throw a little bread 
 industrial hemp clean burning  non toxic energy fuel for american cars  millions of jobs  hemp farmers research di 
 i smoke like i dont play because i gotta stay high
 smart kids who smoke weed honor roll 
 niggas really be thinking they weed gas out here shxt barely a step above mid
 doctors are refusing to operate on smokers in some cases. heres why the trend will grow. charobs 
 @openmediaorg @acurrie no  no  this is all wrong.  cinderella is supposed to turn into a pizza and a sixpack  with your postcoital smoke.
 girl you is my babe girl you is my babe i gotta smoke some weed cause girl you drive me crazy 
 man who weed can i smoke
 i smoked at school religiously 
 birthday latte... smoked butterscotch. @ starbucks in sarasota  fl 
 i got faith in my weed man
 all i wanna do is forget about my past amp smoke a little weed  really  nothing too drastic
 we ran out of dog food and weed. gotta get that today lol
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 facebook did all that saying the girl set him up na the video came out the weed man supposedly set him up not him. man  they wrong fa dat
 im such a badass mf spitting raps im so hard smoking weed i spit fire  oh wait its too hot in sj i gotta go to sf
 im such a badass mf spitting raps im so hard smoking weed i spit fire  oh wait its too hot in sj i gotta go to sf
 when in dallas  uber to lockharts for bbq fhl2017 onefunnelaway @ lockhart smokehouse 
 @jimrome typical no cal. only winning at patchouli and weed
 @calevans 22 and they want something earlier in the finely to weed out bad candidates. what would you say to them
 @dbacks unfortunately at work today  is the game on radio  live stream  on air app  fs go  smoke signal godbacks
 got weed but no blunt 
 @insitevan @capud2016 @inpud @vandupeople australian federal government has approved the sale of medical marijuana  
 shoot your weed man if the dope aint smoking 
 i always knew bill maher was a piece of shit. what kind of person commits to that weedsmoking used car salesman haircut
 man this dude got smoked 
 you gone get yo ass smoked
 never smoked fry gotta be a g till i die
 food  weed  and xbox live is the only 3 things i need in life atm
 .@sailcannabis hipaa compliant platform connects cannabis seekers with physicians startupgrind 
 wonder if the lakers trade rumors are made of serious news or just smoke in the water
 @jmv1070 gotta turn show off at 415  smokey and the bandit is on sundance
 i aint wit da extra  so i aint got. i favors i dont smoke no reggie all i got is 
 alec barger smokes a 1 out double and tommy hook drives a ball to deep right but its tracked down the csu right fielder. bottom 12  66
  heap big smoke when tribe go for broke electrical grid to stoke sparks to fly when cast the die
 this is the first time ive been high in 2 weeks and i smoke everyday  you got to change ya surroundings sometimes
 all i want do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed really nothing too drastic tesfaye
 senior year i got 10 days for my hands smellin like weed 
 when adrienne drops the weed in the car 
 got a 105 out of 100 on my botany midterm...i think its because of all the weed ive been smoking  got be the green thumb 
 the games the same they just change reps i know a feen that smoke now cause he aint got no veins left 
 mfs finna drive me to smoking weed. my nerves bad
 all my jokes are either gay  weed  or depression related
 smoking weed is beneath me.  huffing paint aint
 a fun game to play in atlanta traffic is sniffing out which car the marijuana smell is coming from
 smoking marijuana louder than a gun clap 
 @sentomcotton getting smoked at his town hall meeting aca
 pine hill is covered in smoke lol. thanks pine valley
 smoking some delicious earthquake sativa strain marijuana. really heady flowers. @ worcester  
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 im at smoke rack bbq amp grille in lansdale  pa 
 i know earth 2.0 got some fire weed
 to the couple canoodling and making out in this empty bar...go home  im tryna step outside and smoke a cig not throw up
 @kencarman @kellkill1 @pumpkinnation by the way  i was banging the table for zeitler amp got weeden.
 please put up a peace sign as you smoke a piece of mine amp find a peace of mind
 i dont get when ppl ask whats the smoked butterscotch latte like its a fking smoked butterscotch flavored latte what do u want from me
 im so happy i got my @silencedhippie hemper in the mail 
 shoot the weed man if dope aint smoking
 so glad about the news on weed for harris county. shits childish at this point. gotta start somewhere
 goodnight weedville 
 you gotta smoke 
 nothing to smoke on the warmest day of the year 
 i smoke a pound of grass and fall on my ass faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast slim shady
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 i aint got no smoke and im aggravated
 and i aint smoke yet  im just comin down from this
 i wonder if i could just smoke tonite and not drink
 you aint no smoker shutup 
 told the doctor im a healthy kid i smoke broccoli.   she said nah you aint  you gotta get blood work once a month amp 6 medications. 
 before we get married we gotta smoke the fattest blunt
 once i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you
 these are filled 100 percent with weed 
 new study finds marijuana to be effective against depression   via @huffpostscience
 i smoke a lot of indica 
 females dat flex on social media smoking weed amp drink hennessy fw niggas that beat on them  aint got a car  amp threaten to poison they cat
 drink water amp smoke weed
 @zachgetchius why would you smoke sushi
 i swear after weed got legalized in vegas a lot more people start smoking on god
 i smokedrink too much and have crushes on the wrong guys but its gucci
 senior year i got expelled because someone planted weed in my bag. i proceeded to lose my wrestling scholarship aft 
 see its. even 3days since i smoked and a bitch cant fall asleep now
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gonr forget you
 got suspended for skipping class to smoke weed senior yr and ran back to class to say to free me but got dragged 
 i really cant fall asleep unless i smoke smh
 democrats should weed out portman. votedems 
 you know whos a faggot biggie smalls and im glad he got smoked
 anyone who ever smoked with me a stay i got stupid pearl
 @queenleylaxo idc cuz if you water weeds more weeds come you gotta stop that bullshit at the source
 whats weed
 i be laying in bed wanting to smoke..gotta get off campus man
 1 day ima have a unlimited supply of weed ..sounds crazy now i know
 my silenced hippie x hemper box came in today silencedhippiehemper @silencedhippie @hemperbox 
 to my weed smokers watch out for these med shops  they lacing with pesticides
 rewatching weeds because why not 
 sometimes i gotta just smoke a blunt and talk to jesus
 im trynna smoke mannn
 i smoked myself to sleep earlier now im wide awake 
 its 12am n im sitting in my car blasting new tunes. thats not weird. whats weird is no smoke coming out this mouth..
 idk but im trynna smoke
 whenever i dont smoke @ night it takes me forever to fall asleep
 i rather smoke than sip shit even if i forget shit 
 @lukeklover20 @emgross7 i barely even smoke weed but i fux with the cabbage
 it gotta be joints and a pipe for me lol and i dont really smoke as much
 wtf did i just smoke. got me feeling wicked crazy
 @f3grandstrand 11 pax for a smoke fest by @f3handy @ theriviera  it was even documented by the paparazzi f3counts him isi uvsu
 @bmsbilly yeah @bmsderek  got bad weed by saying romo is the best qb in the league
 shoot yo weed man if the dope aint smoking 
 i got weed 
 damn i really gotta smoke errbody
 @glamdollll fuck it double weeding with you and isaic 
 just finished the first piece of my 2017 hemp gear collection this year ive got a lot of hand 
 doctors are refusing to operate on smokers. heres why the trend will grow. 
 lilies that fester smell far worse than weeds.
 all i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a lil weed nothin really to drastic 
 doctors are refusing to operate on smokers. heres why the trend will grow.  
 yall pray for me   aint nothing wrong im just out of weed.
 how to binge watch tv and smoke until the last min and barely but still get by a story by my bitch ass
 who trynna smoke some rapper weed
 v tempted to smoke d clip i have in my car when i get outta class but i have class at 4 and i have a test so i have to be responsible 
 we shouldve never thought that we could get stoned and drive around with just a half a pack of smokes
 now i gotta buy more loud when i already had more then enough too smoke 
 i am completely intrigued by the abundance of this teeny tiny weed  called nailwort  popping up 
 trynna wake and bake but have nothing to smoke out of 
 prosecutor weeden wetmore says its a relief to finally have justice after nearly a year and a half of work by several agencies
 damn these pimps out here saling weed nowadays  because these hoes aint buying the bulshit no more  lol 
 yall women gotta stop getting pregnant by your weed man damn man enough is enough now dammit
 taking zans before i land forgetting how the plane went. listening to cam while i smoke this purple haze shit
 hey guys my heart is still broken and im almost out of weed so like  nothings new
 gop lawmaker calls for trumps border wall  warns nuclear weapons may be hidden in marijuana  
 @ircscannerradio its confirmed that its a water heater issue and no smoke or fire
 my brother just tried to get me to smoke rn on my way out the house. boy i will fall asleep in class. 
 watching smoke signals in class heyvictorrrrr
 we smoked yo homie   and niggas still aint td up on us.
 i found all my models  photographer   studio   stylist  mua  hair wtfftf i wanna smoke a happy girl blunt.
 ay  bitch  i came right here with the bounce and if that aint enough i got some weed 
 i really miss dara  i gotta tell her all the foolishness thats been going on. then we gone smoke a blunt amp laugh at that shit 
 if you smoke with your child in the car youre a fucking piece of shit....especially weed
 just got some dank weed so im not too worried about anything right now
 if you smoke with me you aint got to worry about your jblunt running..
 our next cannabis industry training classes are on march 18. since 2008 medigrownv has been the 
 im going to smoke the fattest blunt when i hit my 30 days im so pumped
 if you smoke like i smokkkkkkeeee then ya highhhh like everyyyydayyy
 i always gotta make my days off the best. smoking weed and watching old movies with my dog. barely even getting pants on and eating a lot
 i got weed lovein3words
 yay day 52 of being smoke free im doing this and feel great..
 the colorado bankruptcy judge who got the spotlight for throwing marijuanarelated business out of court has retired 
 isaac and i gonna smoke the fattest backwood in sixteen years what is fhis fuckery
 @reince45 blotus hasnt accomplished a thing its smoke and mirrors. the majority rejects mrminoritys immoral hateful plans cpac2017
 @trapthegod depends on what painkillers and how much. i smoked weed on vicodin  just gotta moderate  and be careful 
 if i smoke dis blunt girl ima forget you.
 they smoked but we got high
 reasons i smoke so much at school bc theres nothing to do but smoke..
 doctors are refusing to operate on smokers. heres why the trend will grow. 
 hey @presssec  marijuana and opiate addiction are in no way related. i promise you. you really have a lot to learn. pressbriefing
 raceway got all the smoke coming thru here
 what i smoke    vs...   what you smoke 
 @whorangejuic3 dude dr. bronners allinone soaps. body wash shampoo can even use it on animals. supports hemp industry too
 got me some more smoke buddies ya heard me 
 @cnnbrk honesty in the past i have smoked cannabis for my ptsd anxiety. i promise i will not again  until it is regulated and fed legal.
 doctors are refusing to operate on smokers. heres why the trend will grow. 
 if you try check me you gotta deal with lanny  ill fight you he will smoke you
 but you got weed
 if you aint got no smoke   dont even mention smoking round me 
 im trynna smoke  who near me 
 @zachyapo smoke up
 i told yall a gop potustrump would try to come after weed with federal resources
 alert  throw up the weed signal 
 doctors are refusing to operate on smokers. heres why the trend will grow. 
 doctors are refusing to operate on smokers. heres why the trend will grow. 
 dk if i should smoke this blunt otw to dallas or here
 smart kids that smoke weed honor roll
 you gotta watch your back theyll smoke you like marlboro
 9th grade i got suspended cause a girl asked me to hold a lil coin purse for her amp it had a weed pipe in it amp i did 
 shoot yo weed man if dat shit aint smokin
 ima go smoke these last blunts i got my lonely and paint. im a free man for another day
 we smoke too much i got a headache
 im smoking illegal weed again
 if this 8th grader blows the smoke from his vape in my face one more time im throwing it out the window
 @thefactsnow well im on probation so gotta smoke something other than weed
  what the fuck an opioid gotta do wit weed dumbass 
 nope. never again. i got finessed out of a meal and some weed already.  
 im trynna smoke
 asking for a dry needleer on the qt since illegal here in cali amp got the response from someone no  but u can smoke pot here  l.o.l.
 he still tryna get his broad back she got my weed in her bra strap
 we smoke og aint no stressing
 white house signals possible crackdown on recreational marijuana  via @thecanniforniancom
 trynna smoke when i get off 
 @kc3 lmao oh man  the weed naps and the lack of practice probably caught up to him
 was trynna smoke with tia but
 that man at the end smoked that boy... why he gotta do him like dat 
 got pulled over and the cop insisted my car smelled like weed. i havent smoked in months and theres never been bud in this car lmaoo pigs
 smoke  smoke  smoke  fire  cover up 
 i brought a whole o to smoke. im riding high . got my niggas  wit me. they down to ride . homicide high95radio @wizkhalifa
 why people smoke cigs in their houses is beyond me
 @lsarsour cannabis users
 what a beautiful day to smoke some weed amp play
 we gotta get our license for the smokeshop  
 i guess that orange one thinks he hasnt pissed off this group yet. pot smokers  hes wrong again  it just that 
 so im at work and this girl order a smoked butterscotch latte and i told her theres no more so she called her friend on facetime
 shoot ya weedman if the dope aint smoking ..
 trump administration signals a possible crackdown on states over marijuana  medicine cbds
 we believe states should decide lgbt issues. also we are coming for your recreation marijuana have a good day sameday
 its a league game  smokey. mark it zero. . . . keepexploring moodygrams fujiframez 
 in 8th grade i got expelled from school for not snitching on the kids who got caught with weed just because i sat a 
 trump administration signals a possible crackdown on states over marijuana 
 if i fw you tough ill smoke you out. you aint even gotta be a chick. lets just get high mayne.
 smoking good weed to keep me high amp forget about the lows
 aint gone lie detroit got better weed then kali i done been to both 
 gotta love when smokes dont render for other teams
 i be forgetting weed is illegal. i was right outside rolling a blunt. a officer rode past me and waved. i waved back wit a bag in my hand 
 nothing better go wrong with haileys weeding
 doctors who refuse to treat smokers or any other politicallyincorrect trait are not really doctors. 
 white house expects justice department to step up enforcement of federal law against recreational marijuana 
 find a cannabis user that voted trump and slap the living shit out of them 
 listening to politicians talk negatively about weed is probably the most ignorant shit ive ever heard.
 guess who got caught on their phone before bedcheck and got smoked  meeeeee
 i gotta smoke some weed cause girl you drive me crazy.
 @zacpetkanas dude... you got smoked by @tuckercarlson . ha pickagenderanygender
 anyone trynna smoke this backwood i.
 gotta wait 6 more months to smoke again 
 miners so we gotta mine the weed we smoking now 
 pelicans got smoked in demarcus debut game 
 coming along with nothing but the smoke @ harker heights  texas 
 why tf i did smoke so much today knowing i got hella bills due tuesday
 you know im still a liquor and a weed child
 i wonder if this is what the far left protest voted for white house feds will step up marijuana law enforcement. 
 when you smoke too much of that bomb weed.... @ beaumont  california 
 rarely smoke cuz im on probation but i drink sometimes rt @drugsmedia 47. you smoke you drink
 we old as fuck all we gon do is deink smoke amp fall asleep
 im coolin with my younginz  and we smoke 1hunna  but nigga im 3hunna  click clack pow now he runnin
 @lovemedo7 alcoholawareness doctors will ask patientsdo you smoke few ask do you drink lack of education and training
 @theferocity @trevtime i promise to smoke weed only in the proper bathroom
 hndrxx gotta be the soundtrack to my next smoke sesh omg 
 we have the fattest smoke outs .
 im cannabis clubba you aint on the list.
 you need a shrink  @reptrentfranksgtgoper calls for border wall  warns nuclear weapons may be hidden in marijuana 
 i smoke so much it drives me crazy
 i smoke so much i watch the ashes fall on me
 we gotta go where .... alright let me smoke real quick
 i smoke so much the ashes bout to fall on me
 bitch im out here smoking weed with my muffucken feens
 if i smoke this blunt then im gone forget u
 a whole dub i gotta wait till tomorrow to smoke 
 yall i aint smoke all day shoutout to me lol
 @govofco @alansalazarco welcoming future democrats but watch out the feds are coming for your illegal marijuana trade mcga
 @duongtyler what part you gone be in  and my nigga fuck match we gotta smoke a whole pound
 the distressing irony medical marijuana is an effective treatment for opioid addiction  which is killing people. 
 man tyler aint no real smoker imma have that nigga too high
 thats 1.67 of weed you just wasted 
 only had smoke eaters once which was my sophomore year and i finally had it again today with my girl and i gotta say shit was 
 the white house just promised a new crackdown on weed    recreation potus wants tax  fm medical sales imho greedy 4
 my mom asked me why i was smoking weed and she found my pipe it was paytons kazoo she can be so dumb sometimes ugh
 only pieces of shit smoke cigarettes in a underground subway station
 i dont have enough california weed left for all this insane music that just dropped tonight.
 the federal government decision to new crackdown on recreational marijuana is nothing but attempt to control the poor aka undesirables
 i been bleep all day now im up which means i gotta smoke cause i got work in am
 aaaaand im at starbucks....omw to smoke a bleezy you beezy
 best weed ive tried gotta be yoda brain or thin mint og
 thats 100 times outta 100 i aint gone smoke witchaaaa
 just sad about all the weed wasted 
 i smoke sativa to stay out of my mind lol
 aint no weed 
 trump administration signals a possible crackdown on states over marijuana 
 the weed got me woozy
 aint shit to do in tyler but go to lame ass parties and smoke  i gotta move from this place asap
 i jus smoked a lot of very delicious crumble  aint shit that bad.
 really needed 6 cop cars to search my car because  it smelled like weed foh  i dont even smoke yall just fuckin with me
 fuck now im bored  should i smoke
 white house signals federal crackdown on recreational marijuana 
 i smoke so much the ash is about to fall on me
 was gone smoke to it but  it
 gotta imagine if trump cracks down on marijuana therell be a huge rally in dc  sponsored by raw and funyons.
 i know you dont smoke weed  i know this but im gon get you high today  cause its friday you aint got no job and you aint got shit to do
 i wish i was bullshitting when i tweet rn that my doctor told me to smoke some weed
 i smoke so much the ashes startin to fall on me
 8 months tomorrow where has the time gone holy smokes 
 dont forget trump kissing comey for helping him steal the election. beware of smokescreen. no trust for fbi to do 
 i collective memory so only accept good souls my body rejects demons my past caught up in intellect ty weed only nature gift to c in n out
 idk how i smoked cigs for so long they smell sooooo bad
 @hollyforest @cholaofed @awaxed  cont about the legality medicinal marijuana . stating basically that that decision should be up to the
 just had a dream that my dad told me if he caught me smoking weed he was gonna kick me out and he caught me and i had to live in my car
 can yall see the hypocrisy of the republicans yet lgbtqrights are statesrights but the federal government should crackdown on marijuana.
 states should be able to choose whether they want gay marriage or transsexual bathrooms. but marijuana no thats illegal fuckin hippies
 i gotta smoke all 3 blunts today.. just because
 he said weed..... and crack... i asked what was wrong with him and he said .... what i know you do it too  you work in mckeesport 
 i just love weed like why why is it illegal  just why  
 i wonder when i smoked my 1000th blunt 
 @jbarro @joshdavisthinks @senwarren @berniesanders  reason they are going after weed is because they want to keep prisons for profit filled
 if you believe marijuana is worse than alcohol you clearly have never smoked or been black out drunk.
 bitch just smoked a bomb  
 shoot da weed man if da dope aint smoking 
 if i pull up with a paper you still gone smoke it 
 never met a weedman that aint smoke until now
 white house expects justice crackdown on legalized marijuana legalpot marijuana druglaws jeffsessions weed 
 @alicatt21 guess i gotta smoke this to the face cuz my bff is wacky rn 
 dude called to file a stolen car claim. turns out he got stoned  drove to get smokes  walked home  and forgot the car at the store.
 my coworker mustve smoked some fire ass sativa cause he high and hyper lmfaoo
 amber rose playing den mother is even funnier. boy twitter is tight today. maybe bbc i aint smoke no weed since li 
 in 10th grade i got suspended for having weed on campus and got my lighter and pipe taken away  
 i dont wanna be here if i dont gotta. my weed habit so close to snortin powder. i gotta few bitches but its only bout a dolla.
 you want to roll out the feds on marijuana... just replace momgodetc with trump or government. 
 doctor do you smoke  @brandonccarr  smoke what..  
 that has nothing to do with weed 
 whats wrong with alexander hamilton is he on the weed prof
 fuck man im trynna smoke
 i said fuck that jr high im sellin weed
 i love weed fuck the goverment truly fucked up eat it not smoke it got it thanks nasa
 junior year i got alternative school cause tims bitch ass mom told the cop at cte i smelled like weed and he found 
 the only reason weed is illegal is because it cannot be controlled by the fda
 im just trynna smoke
 i smoked blunts in my car until 9 then walked in  
 you wouldnt believe how far out of our way we went for tyler to get a smoked butterscotch frappucino
 i wont smoke in my car for a week and my mom will tell me it smells. chill kath u aint foolin anyone
 when you gotta smoke while taking a selfie and youre a car. 
 aint nothing wrong with smoking a little weed 
 did i just step on a weed snicker doodle
 how can you wake up amp smoke weed amp you aint got no money 
 as spricer promises a crackdown on recreational marijuana  activists double down with plans to smoke at the capitol 
 also why you gotta tweet about a marijuana arrest right at 420 racist towards pot heads 
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking.
 when you start to realize you almost got a whole decade smoking weed gtgtgtgtltltltlt
 mississippi honestly got the worst weed ever  that shit look like a smashed up snickers .... i aint gon be myself if i aint high 
 smoking weed with youuuuu. in the leaves  in the fall
 aint even notciced i aint smoked all day
 @allysonhorn824 trynna roll my weed up tn
 invested in weed just for extra money. @ggyoungboy
 who got weed  i am not a cop
 gogreengogrow obeistheplacetobe the weeds are gone thanks to a hard working crew futuresfoundation 
 @kellyannepolls @vp @presssec heres fakenews from cnn which explains why spicer got it wrong about cannabis 
 god i wish i never smoke now i gotta wash my mouth out with soul
 when you got just enough for smokes 
 @realdonaldtrump youve got enough on your plate leave the decision on recreational marijuana with the states  and move along.
 she swallowed the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato walk in my mansion  twenty thousand paintings  picasso 
 speaks from a cloud of smoke yeah  man...daves not here  man 
 much needed smoked butterscotch latte. @ starbucks in las vegas  nv 
 @crewsm yep. next exit up. i got a sandwich to go. up n smoke bbq.
 alcohol is worse than weed
 once i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 i smoke so much the ashes fall on me
 they aint crazy they just broke and confused cross me and theyll be talks of how they found a man smoked on the news
 dude swapped your car for weed.  shockingfilmreveals
 big kent cum to the spot eveyday after work smoke a few ls and fall asleep loke he been workin all day 
 @sunnyredpanda when the heck are you going to be found maybe you should start sending smoke signals or somethingfeelingconcern findsunny
 rasta explains rasta women who smoke ganja cover haircrown @jointventurestv smokingwithrasta ganja onelove 
 tap water weed and gods good graces baby 
 @tradingstrat i am seriously considering fast payout investments like marijuana penny stocks
 got daep for having texts about weed on my phone  45 days 
 i would never date girl who smokes a lot
 im trynna smoke
 smoking weed like that shit not illegal
 why is a smell of marijuana coming from your car.......cause im getting high aflivepd 
 after sex  you smoke. its a rule.  you gotta light  no. oh.   
 we just trynna smoke amp i swear this nigga doing the most
 @richholmes22 so proud of you. i knew you would be here when the smoke cleared. great effort. phillytough
 game pigeon is the dopest dope i ever smoked. 
 @siennamorgan1 blackberry smokes waiting for the thunder cover by sienna morgan  via @youtube
 who trynna smoke
  finna fall back with shawty and smoke this gas for the rest of the night  endlessblunts 
 nothing to smoke and nothing to drink i hate being sober
 im so tired of getting asked do i smoke nooooo damnnnn 
 and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 idk sometimes with these big game companies they dont see the weeds for the trees and severely misunderstand their own fanbase...
 on my jimjonescapo blow ya smoke ish...cigarlove @ hyatt court 
 @ava @pecunium putting a whole lot of nonviolent marijuana users into those private prisons is the next step.
 im trynna smoke wtf
 @mocbeichelg we gotta smoke of day
 not my car not. my. weed livepd
 trynna just bhill smoke
 gotta go smoke.. got that hella good smoke @prodbyphresh  this hoe 
 amp 2grams of weed amp took it to trial amp not only all charges dropped but officer got suspended 4 entrapment amp illegal 
 i aint smoked all day im finna be higher than giraffe pussy
 significant smoke  water damage in wauwatosa lightning fire 
 i hope smoked that shit after he made the video lol 
 might stay in the trump tower for 1 week spray paint all the walls and smoke weed
 i got kicked out of velvet lounge for smoking weed lol
 im the xan man   weed man   lsd man   addy man. ...
 once i smoked this dope i knew you would turn on me
 why would you smoke in your car and drive for uber 
 who trynna smoke 
 pardon the awful video quality  but holy smokes this was earth rattling  jimmy eat world is legendary. 
 just blaze got smoked doggy
 fifth of all its funny how people be like i gotta have me a blunt as if they didnt use to not smoke 
 smoking that weed  smoking that fiya 
 if you got enough cigars  we can all smoke...
 trumprussia who needs weed when youve got trump water 
 i want weed goodnight
 gotta get babee somee weed ...
 @tanamongeau the weed video pls
 lifes good not stressing about shit ...... i just get to the money and smoke a lot of weed not worried bout nothing
 knew i shouldve got something to eat before i smoked. im fucking up 
 im max that im really stuck like i want to smoke but i cant weve attempt to roll this blunt like this mango circo got me buzzed
 100 of my weed just got confiscated by the cops  smfh
 @sugarlimeblue lots o buttons on this thing ... gone is the day of smoke signals 
 been in atlanta all day amp ian smoke not once... whats really going on
 this bar smells like weed and has girls in nothing but body paint. where tf am i 
 me amp smoked need a 2v2 mwr challenge 20
 had to go smoke before i get on this madden cause i know some bs gone happen atleast twice a game
  weedy seadragons dance into the night  bbc one
 i know i see marianna everyday but i genuinely miss her a lot i wanna smoke laugh at nothing eat tjs then knock in her car
 @granddadsr smoke once killed a guy  people forget this
 spray paint all the walls amd smoke weed
 practice at 10 but when thats over  birthday shit starts  i gotta lotta money to spend and a lotta shit to smoke
 the 45th has blown so much smoke up the americas ass that im seriously considering a rectal cancer screening before they gut the aca
 connect the dots between trump admin decision 2 bring back private prisons amp cannabis crackdown  gotta fill those prisons w someone i guess
 smoking weed hed never wanna leave the house hes got an empty cushion on his sofa now
 9 got smoked by a manmaker wo via moonshine f3counts paincenter
 might stay in the trump tower for one week spray paint all the walls and smoke weed
 @addicted2muzikk nah premiere vs mannie. premier would smoke bangladesh lol
 smoking weed gets mad boring v fast
 i got all the drugs i got all the weed i got all the blow baby  what you need 
 we need a wall.  nuclear bombs could be hidden in bales of marijuana crossing the border says trent franks raz 
 i miss just facing in my dorm now i gotta   sit in my car to smoke 
 @seanspicer wtf are you doing trying to put cannabis in the same sentence as opiates are you insane not even close.   
 some much smoke da car cudnt see next to me 
 i smokes all that weed and be so hungry
 i got all the drugs i got all the weed i got all the blow baby what you need.
 gotta start making sure im consuming as much water as i do weed.
 night one  season two  barely smoked pork tenderloin  purple yam cake  curry chickpea 
 i am the absolute most basic today bc theres a sbux next to my nail salon and i got a smoked butterscotch latte
 we started a fire right next to a fire station last night fucking definition of lit. smokey the bear aint got shit on us
 @dalejr thats great but you gotta take the smoker over there and bbq right good luck to all of @jrmotorsports
 all this good weed that im puffin got me feelin like there aint a place i cant go  aint a thing i wont do
 i knew it could only be @itsmarci to have weed all down my tl 
 @flightradar24 pilots reported smoke in the cockpit
 @scottpaterno medical mj was a scam  but rec weed is as federalist an issue as there is.  and as we know  in practice  that line is blurry
 all i wanna do is forget about my past n smoke a little weed  really nothin too drastic
 my life sucks so i smoke and drink to forget about it
 @cymarchese we not allowed to be on anything where im at. this kid got caught with it and out pl smoked the shit out of us
 sitting at the cannabis doctors office.
 long live smoke i miss tf outta cuz man
 @drunkgibbons omg listening to bluejays game being called  hell i might need a cigarette when this is over...and i dont smoke
 learning how to drive manual in the new jeep and of course i stall out at an intersection next to a car full of absolute smoke shows 
 jus trynna smoke
 gotdamn nicki got smoked
 if anybody need a play tonight in dallas with liquor and weed hmu i got a addy
 i never seen her smoke now she smoking w bernerrrrr
 walked past these little girls they asked me if i wanna buy gsc i replied and said no thank you ill be glad to smoke sum lol
 we gone smoke on that lil kush amp we gone fuck again 
 went in my car but aint touch my gun or weed 
 i wonder how do you gets @kimkardashian attention for a pair of those zebra yes smoke signal 
 the bigger the promise a brilliant consultant makes  the more likely hes blowing smoke.  jeff brooks via lisa sargent. roger that.
 i just listened to the track and rent smoked her.  godbless
 even if yu gotta smoke weed to be  there stay in  school
 uuuuggghhhh when is my hemper box gonna get heeeeere 
 watching weeds wondering why i never finished it
 trynna get da smoke off her. dead it. 
 gotta love the espn app  for being the world leader in sports yahoo smokes you in technology 
 i like my weed men to have scales on them...  you got a problem with that you are not the man for me.
 i gotta once of weed amp nobody to smoke it with 
 @starbucks @target smoked butterscotch time 
 who trynna smoke
 all people do in tahoe is board smoke amp drink likeeeeee wtf that sounds perfect
 people who smoke in their car are literallydisgusting
 whoever placed this marijuana dispensary next to my bank was a smart human.
 deadass drove past the dispensary and seen my mom walking in and she say she dont smoke smh
 did you know cannabis treatment protocol expert mara gordon estimates that there are more than 6 000 strains of po 
 i got some weed now
 i smoke so much the ashes bout to fall on me.
 damn girl you are a smokeshow  
 i got in my car for the first time since last night amp i found two broken cigs  half a smoked blunt  half bottle of ciroc ampsomeones vans lol
 i gotta smoke hella blunts. now.
  whats a girl gotta do to smoke no one has a damn thing and im anxious over impending dinner.
 like if both pictures look the same. gotta weed out them city slickers 
 @yalocalplug i think you got smoke with me b. whats wrong
 @jswatz i tried tobacco once and had hack attack so never even tried the green weed. my lungs reject all smoke.
 @greenbarnfarms want to be ready for when usda recognizes organic cannabis follow these steps... 
 time for a smoked butterscotch grande latte. its 1 more than at a regular starbucks. airportinflation 
 shoot your weed man if yo dope aint smokinnn.
 shit aint gon do nothing   weed illegal and niggas still getting that .. 
 i smoke everyday i gotta stop fr 
 totally recommend smoked butterscotch latte @starbucks
 nicki got nothing but smoke....pray for her... 
 if you trynna be heard btch you wont succeed  i aint listening to sht btch  im smoking weed
 hangin with chef willhorowitz @duckseatery whos smoked alpaca brings all the boys n girls to 
 i got too much going on to be worried about a smoked out hoe amp a nigga that wanna defend her
 id be lying if i said i aint smoke err day just ease my mind
 id be lying if i said i aint smoke err day jus to ease my mind
 if i smoke this blunt im gone forget about ya
 i wonder what smoked raisins taste like @sierralooveesya
 u niggasz smoke woods kause u gotta expensive smoking habit not kause they healthy   dumbasses
 his media war is a smokescreen for his russian ties. that needs to be the main focus. this is just a sideshow act. 
 i need some weed   good vibes and bob marley
 why have i been thinking about weed so much lately . 
 @potus @realdonaldtrump how many billions of our dollars is wasted prosecuting amp incarcerating cannabis users makeamericagreat legalizeit
 @shirtlessjay oooh  smoke signal amp carrier pigeon  too. if youre into that ...
 shoot the weedman if the dope aint smoking 
 ya boys just trynna smoke
 @muykaliente it dont matter what kinda weed i smoke it dont affect my body well. im a man of uppers.
 still straight w the weed amp the liquor these days cuz the new drugs got the kid trippin these days.
 i smoked and now i got popeyes 
 got my weed and my oreo mcflurry  watching rings i hope its scary lol
 having no place to smoke gotta be the worst feeling ever. a feeling im experiencing now.
 and i got smoked 149128 
 breaking news the 1960s was just a movie made by the counter culture to get children to smoke cigarettes.
 gunna smoke until i pass out cause im bored
 just trynna smoke a blunt amp cake tf up 
 need someone who got weed fast someone put me on
 we smoke too much the ashes start to fall on me
 who got gas at the show i just smoked my last quarter who got me im pulling up right now
 gotta get some cereal after this smoke
 is there already a weed product called harry chronic jr
 @abelge87 if they werent playing the t wolves theyd got smoked tongiht
 if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 who trynna smoke
 when you gotta eat a crumb of a edible because youre afraid of how you may react due to the fact that you already over react smoking weed.
 aint nobody got no smoke
 if you accidentally past me the blunt in rotation ima smoke it 
 i aint got no weed  aint had sex in forever im just fucking stressed man
 my mans chris shouldve never taken that smoke break getout
 havent even got out the car at mardi gras and already got offered weed. portarutherproud
 dead bored no one to smoke with or pull up on
 im just tryna smoke a lovely blunt so i can fall asleep again 
  aint got weed  but im smoking liquor tonight 
 who trynna smoke
 i got this dude who never smokes  some bud. 2days in a row now. amp hes gone thru an eighth.
 and i aint smoked no weed all day
 debating going to the dr or just smoking weed for my shaking cuzz beyond sick of it i miss top eyeliner
 @ayreedthis lmaooo soon as you roll the last of it you be confused like damn....i know i aint smoke that much 
 i aint smoke or drink in 2 weeks amp im starting to feel like 
 yooo weed is a gateway drug. i was so high off a edible. the whole week after i was searching for that high  chasing the weed man zown
 who got the weed
 @dezbryant @osuathletics saw them play in austin the year after you left with brandon weedon at qb
 literalllllyyyy several hours to fall asleep .. this is when i cave amp smoke gt.lt
 i gotta stop smoking weed bob like seriously lol
 you got curved cuz i like to smoke weed and i fell asleep . 
 my brain gotta stay in tack  the lil bit i got left. the weed too good man 
 it aint about what you smoke its about who
 cmon ian its just a little weed  dont be a narc 
 im just riding out in my ride  smoking weed while i drive.
 my tolerance low i gotta smoke 
 amp this weed aint got nothing to do with my child
 @potus @jeffsessions  i am so glad you are cracking down on marijuanaas it is a very dangerous illegal drugcar accidents patients
 who trynna smoke 
 if anyone would like to 1. smoke 2. get sushi 3. smoke and get sushi 4. smoke  get sushi and go thrift shopping  hmu.
 got weed
 cmon bro  you gotta smoke crack with me
 you made flowers grow in the darkest places in me  but when i tried to give you them you threw them out and called them weeds.       a.c.r.
 report ravens fa s matt elam arrested with over 120grams of marijuana early this morning. ravens have closed doo 
 please put up a peace sign  while you smoke a piece of mine and find that peace of mind
 mans in the league selling weed... niggas 
 @suppyerik can u drive cj down hes stranded   will smoke for services
  if i smoke this  im going to go fly in my car 
 lol my diet is fruit and weed
 really cannabis ... got me fucked up 
 this could be our new fav place @ blowin smoke in savannah  ga 
 @insitevan @cssdp @ssdp @inpud legalizing marijuana would hurt mexican drug cartels more than trumps border wall  
 not just smoked the cube @mcuban  got diced 
 the difference in the nh doctors and vt doctors reactions when i told them i smoked weed lmao lovevt
 when im home i be bored as shit  all i do is smoke amp stay out the way
 i need to step my game up my nigga baby chris at a cabin in the smokey mountains with his girl on some playa shit @crit615
 gotta shout outs the gas station clerk for giving me too much change..he just paid for my weed today lol
 listening to smoke break by chance on the wide open rode  man
 who wants to smoke with me and gracie 
 dat boy smokey said no  of the  s.....  u aint loud enuff my boy... gotta tell the world.... 
 i smoked alcohol with a doctor once 
 me when he dont got the weed he said he has 
 sometimes you gotta just play frank ocean  smoke a blunt  and enjoy your sunday
 i gotta smoke tonight bro lol
 crack a window we gone smoke this indo
 she swallowed the bottle while i sit back and smoke gelato walk in my mansion  twenty thousand painting  picasso 
 who got good weed
 savannah too fucking hot im just tryna smoke
 aint noting to a gee but too roll some bomb ass weed.
 whose in kendall trynna smoke 
 idk if im just smoked tf out but the way the water moves in the dishwasher sounds like the beat to  we will rock you
 im too laid back for all that hype extra shit i smoke my weed amp do what i gotta do to get where i want to be 
 @fantas5y this game doesnt involve brainless smokes and duel kaps
 everybody gotta smoke before attending a family function . currently 
 faster  stronger  and more effective. prime my bodys rich hemp oil far outpaces tinctures. 
 @fantas5y aoiwhtwahoitowaihtw i said no because of no smokes or duel kaps is your ego bruised or some shit you fairy
 yall tryna smoke n play spades 
 man if only yall knew how many blunts we smoked 
 @mp713 about to order some colored smoke bombs rn 
 i always forget that weed is still illegal for us
 glad smoke got a win but i cant stand kurt
 boy when i smoke this blunt ima forget about you
 earlier i found dog fur in my pipe and it made me wonder how much dog fur ive smoked in the past couple years
 it aint like midnight cigarette smoke.. water downed whiskey and coke
 there is nothing wrong with smokin weed 
 my regular @starbucks is out of chai latte ok  ok ill try this smoked butterscotch instead. hmm  not to bad. chai latte
 starbucks nasty as shit. id rather be caught dead than wear those sandals. i only like marijuana flowers. and i hav 
 the smoke bomb  step 1 smoke some hot water. leave in smoker for at least an hour step 2 add 
 nah... you got smoked. 
 sitting in our trunk for a smoke break after sushi. @ wonderful sushi hillcrest 
 nowadays yu gotta drink or smoke to be lit but me im just chillin
 nowadays you gotta drink or smoke to be fun or have fun.miss me with that
 pink molly  i can barely move @ nixons rocky mountain smokehouse amp tavern 
 water amp weed
 shoot ya weed man if the dope aint smoking
 i ran out of weed the day i got an ear infection. rip
 trynna smoke with the homie
 i just found out my mama got weed amp had it since christmas amp she never smoked it  she got a pipe too omg
 i smoke so much the ashes start to fall on me
 ncat who got a car and tryna get smoked up really quick
 yoo  i gotta stop smoking weed bruh.
 i been doing after i smoke  goodnight. 
 with trump....where theres smoke....theres an inferno... 
 i got a free airsoft gun from homeboy so i grabbed some co2 amp tested it out amp bruhh.. idk how these are legal  this thang could smoke a mf 
 trynna smoke but not outside 
 who trynna smoke
 @bennettjonah what about smoke signals
   fuckin bugwyo g we gotta smoke one day i feel like that shit gone be hilarious ona guys
 autism treatment and cannabis.  
 i got weed lovein3words
 i can barely hit the weed smh i be on that extra shit with the couch
 u trynna smoke
 idk since when my brother thought it was ok to smoke in my car 
 shiddd where that weed man at boy 
 nothing to do  except smoke and drive twenty in your pocket  million on your mind
 realizing i dont like having weekends off cuz now all my weed is gone
 in order to be happy in life you gotta fly w the birds... in other words smoke dat dope 
 fuck wit me gone smoke ya ass like a vega sweet
 all i wanna do is forget about my past and smoke a little weed really nothing too drastic
 sometimes smoking weed dont even  me hight lol i might be in the big leagues
 idk where to hide my weed and im freaking out
 when yiy saw people running behind the lalaland team on the stage  you knew something had gone terribly wrong  holy smokes.  oscars
 date night with you was bright  @ smoke on the water restaurant 
 i been smoking weed before the 5th grade .. its a mans world bitch stay in your place 
 hes got that all wrong... smoke show with a damned good head on her shoulders. but can she shoot 
 you got your liquor i got my weed
 i miss having my car during times like this.. i could get up and go get food or smoke in my shit 
 this man gave me a weed brownie amp i threw it up in his car. 
 alright  i got a little weed in me.
 about to drive home because my smoke alarm is still going off and nothing will stop it. i have to be up in four hours 
 whats your addiction  ...is it money is it girls is it weed ive been afflicted by not 1  not 2  but all 3.
 cigarette smoke pissed me off. shit is just foul.  and strong.
 gotta hit dash up so i can reup. that weed he got is fire
 man im so twisted but im 9mm smokey i got some piff just her had smoked me im a clown this is my joke c lookin at da son got my locs b
 @xoticxposure @realronhoward @zippo   opie smokes  dammit no  i am so devastated.  what would aunt bea say
 sometimes you just gotta lay and smoke a j
 @blackkray say 4 you coming to dallas im still trynna smoke one  you gone see a nigga pop out
 its time to smoke..
 i gotta go smoke in my car 
 @coolbeansaidy literally same i keep considering going out to my car to smoke and deciding against it 
 but its like you got no choice but to wake up or you going miss a whole session amp i aint missing out on no weed
 pulled up at the red light lil nigga was like water for 1 gatorade 2 got that smoke got that smoke lmaooo
 we smoke and got high amp caught each other vibes 
 i love riding with someone who smokes lmao
 @realdonaldtrump i have to have a felony free record  i have several marijuana related incedents that can all be exponged or sealed i have
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking hell nah nigga i aint giving no deals 
 three special steps step one just grab your heart  step two smoke your heart like weed  step threethen blow your heart away into nothing
 we already picked out   ground   rolled   and smoked all the other weeds. fuck you amp you i aint got no insecurity.
 im trying smoke loud i gotta smoke 3 blunts of this shit to get high 
 pdjt toasts with water. he does not drknk alcohol or smoke. never has. msmcnn fail to mention that truth. he also 
 its a shame when i gotta smoke my self to 
 cali got good weed  but these gars they got ass af 
 we smoke so much the ashes start to fall on me
 pouring out the black smoke right on main street lol hes hummmin in the stroker
 i shouldve smoked before watching this lol
 @wbaltv11 because now  as the law stands  teens dont smoke weed
 i wake up amp gotta smoke a blunt to duh face
 im about to smoke this blunt without jimmy
 i got 3 more days til i can smoke
 some shit i can smoke to ju use to play my zone all the time thats what got me. @kaashrules
 who got weed
 might smoke and watch moonlight. i still aint seen it
 when you smoke the herb  it reveals you to yourself.  bob marley
 its a smokescreen the democrats are up to something 
 endured so much pain aint got bro with me aint got nobody smoke 1 or po with me
 there was definitely smoke before the fire and i shouldve made who i was clear. i shouldve stayed strong and rooted in my convictions.
 noah got my uncle weed last night and my mom didnt say shit 
 seeking reefer cdla recent grads in florida paid training  99 no touch freight miami  jobsearch hiring
 i wish i could smoke all day and hangout  but i gotta work and make this 
 so shit happenes. you run out of weed. but cmon you gotta break them bitches open and roll a blunt with the weed . 
 @zuliieebaby bruhh that weed was trash i did you the favor skraight up 
 please put up a peace sign as you smoke a piece of mine  and find a peace of mind.
 nothing wrong with smoking weed. but dont put that shit into my child man.
 i shouldve brought so weed with me 
 @parada517 it is smoke lmaooo
 who tryna smoke somn
 when you doing a research paper on cannabis and people behind you think you finna drop out so you gotta get your drug knowledge up
 the power of the flower what can cannabis do for you a lot the most commonly known 
 doctor brought me this big ass chocolate bar from her trip ..... it aint weed but she knows one of the ways to my h 
 it weird when i dont smoke with nia wya @niaab
 ive been known to beat a dead weed until it gives up @matsilva @whyerie
 seniors  the march edition of the senior smokes signals has been published check it out... 
 @niaab trynna smoke 
 whats with the smoke in burke anyone know whats up
 spending the afternoon checking out premier league whuche @ famous smokeshop 
 if i smoke this blunt boy im gone forget you 
 sorry if i havent replied to ur messages emails carrier pigeons smoke signals i will get to yall soon
 a whole damn pillowful of marijuana  incredible 
 ive known that @wizkhalifa smokes weed but the other day i swear that boy whipped out a 25 lbs of the good stuff on his ig story feed 
 @neimanmaurice i smoked that shit once i knew something was wrong when i hit the roach an i got high like i faced a whole l
 either i smoke too much or i just need new connects cause a nigga aint been getting as high lately smh.
 i almost lied to the doctor when they asked if i smoked the marijuana
 i almost lied to the doctor when they asked if i smoke the marijuana
 im really mad because i left my weed in the car. i knew i shoulda took that shit out
 really gotta stop letting people drink and smoke near my dj equipment that shit becomes a mess
 a couple walks into a pizza shop. one is wearing a kapn keefer shirt and the other a bob marley shirt. what r the chances they smoke
 neicy said you got some weed no 
 i smoke weed like im bob marley
 went to courtland bought all they loud and left now they gotta smoke mid till they plug re up
 meechie got hoes  dee got weed  nas look like a boogie  i aint got shit man
 why drink amp drive when you can smoke amp fly
 why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly
 nothing like hacking a dart after ya smoke a little herb headrush
 my lyft drivers car smelt like weed. i never knew i could hold my breath that long.
 my mom or dad can ever blame me for smoking weed if i smell like it cause all i gotta say is i walked inna garage  its loud asf 
 i smoke way to much step one of changed my problem
 10 toes down gotta stay gd up just calling them hoes bitches and rolling my weed up
 nothing wrong with smoking a little weed...but if my neighbors complain about our music one more time im calling the feds
 im just trynna smoke.
 the fuck kinda shit is laced in your weed @tommyhilfiger 
 i gotta smoke sum  cuz boy you drive me crazy 
 eye done smoked with some hoes that was pregnant..eye aint give a fuck because the babies aint mine.
 @mariatcardona in regards to dr ben carson and his slavery comment. hes got to be smoking some real bad weed to say something like that.
 i be driving like i dont got a pound of weed in my car
 a lot of pain in my heart got me smoking all this marijuana ..
 if cigs are so bad for you then why would they be so fun to smoke scandalous lies set in place by liberals. sad
 i gotta smoke some weed cus boy u drive me crazy
 still no mention of recr marijuana or 18 yearold drinking age  stim economy  sheeeit pay for wall
 bomb eyebrows  good weed  sublime  breeze fall days amp bee 
 and my car goes fast  and i smoke alotta gas
 1. this whole semester ive let so much shit slide. dude has the room wreaking of weed almost everyday.
 they aint saw nothin bout weed 
 the plan to replace the aca looks like smoke amp mirrors.
 smoking weed aint bad long as you on your shit tbh 
 @breathegod yoooo imu bro hope all is well  gotta link up soon and smoke a bowl lol
 hate when u send a smoke signal to the wrong teepee and misunderstandings occur in the tribe
 fuck the police i just got caught for having marijuana and a knife at school so i got arrested and sent to the link
 today at school someone had weed in the lockeroom and my gym teacher walked in and i saw in his face he knew but he pretended he didnt
 thank fuck for weed  man. all my life i got shit sleep but not no more
 chen is throwing smoke.
 damn near gotta listen to music every time i smoke. mind be so clear 
 yay for throwing 3 pounds of weed away.
 hot cheetos and weed 
 when david bowie got arrested for marijuana usage lmfaooo wtf is this 
 smh if u cant quit weed for the sake of your child you a damn hype 
 still kinda wild i smoked with an pregnant hun before
 now i gotta smoke this blunt by myself
 its 2017 and niggas still playing with guns and lasers while smoking weed  put that shit away or duel me pussy
 im trynna smoke some blunts 
 today was a great day  got to have a date with my love amp get drunk amp eat tacos  now my baby is asleep amp i got some fire to smoke on 
 kush smoke car riding 
 taking a break on weed.. gotta get my minded right.
 smoking weed really got borin to me 
 man i dont smoke weed no more i got a gun so im not tryna be paranoid and shoot ya ass nuff said
 aint smoke all day 
 rarely smoke 
 gotta smoke it all no pussy shit 
 thas why you gotta smoke before 
 in their defense the front desk clerk was way too pushy when telling them the room was 100  any type  smokefree
 i gotta stay with money weed and water and my car
 sooooo yeah i busted my ass today landed in my hip its hurts very badly sooo i smoked and it doesnt hurt any more..but its illegal 
 i shouldve smoked before this storm 
 @silencedhippie got my hemper box and i live my lighter 
 finna smoke man my day been ruff 
 when she bad  got her own money  smoke   got some   amp she got the wagg gtgtgt that sir is a wife
 idk if she smoke but i wanna smoke amp have a makeup play date with @sleeepyzee
 if i aint have harmony i woulda sat in my car and smoked the fattest blunt in this rain
 on some crackhead shit tho we found this whole blunt on the floor earlier today packed  fat asf. u know damn well we smoked it.
 @saaade lol yeah ok i remember that one night you was stressing cause you aint have no weed i was dying 
 you aint never smoke that jet fuuuueeeeeel
 @jasoninthehouse @repchaffetz you have no credibility use dts smokescreen to cover russian involvement investigatio 
  me before i smoke.. 
 when you smoke the herbs its reveals you to yourself   bob marley
 aint with them lover games cause them lover games thats how u get smoked
 nationalpancakeday would you like a smoke and a pancake 
 lol gotta do the math man unless some henny involved or any type of brown liq or weed thats the game changer 
 i got my own weed
 cant drain off the water and still have a pool. guaranteed to fail  as the insurance lobby wants. gop smoke and mi 
 it was 330. now its 530. n i got no weed.
 @kristileenews that was funny about the roadrunner  are you sure youre not smoking weed  cause youve been cracking me up lately.
 einstein smoked. now fight me bitch. 
 the son of man will send out his angels  and they will weed out of his kingdom everything that causes  . . . 
 dis bitch want to smoke all my weed but you gotta hold my pistol and my weed
 im tired of the weed mans in cobb yall aint on a crum
 our room is visibly smokey from burning too many pancakes lol widecascdc
 @soledadobrien  i n i refuse ta go ta free babylon doctors coz tha pigs own em pigs use mental health pros ta stigmitize weed ppl as crazy
 doctor do you smoke  me 
 the last car i just worked on had a thick smell of cheyenne smoke and even tho the cars gone the smell is lingering  yey for me
 its never the wrong time to smoke high 420 wakeandbake
 you gotta be a productive smoker . 
 ive got this sfv og amp im trying not to smoke it cuz i gotta flip it. im just staring at the pack like 
 aint smoked weed in 3 days  i can do this 
 yo who plays rocket league and wants to fuck around and get smoked
 just gotta smoke the whole mattress 
 shoot the weed man if this shit aint smokin
 i have no idea how much weed i have at home and its stressing me out
 im trynna hear smokepurpp perform ski mask live 
 how is weed illegal
 i gotta smoke to eat tho its bad
 ma ya mcm ask his weed man do he serve .5
 idk whats worse the fact that i only have 3 elios pizzas left when i had a whole box before i left or that someone smoked my bud
 ion ever be dreaming. that got anything to do wit the fact that i smoke before i fold
 dear @potus can you give @jonhuntsman amp @evanmcmullin jobs theyd smoke me in a primary.  regards  your lap dog  @jasoninthehouse  utpol
 imma smoke this weed and forget you 
 cus i only got 7 blunts to last a month lmao. ima smoke once a week  
 i smoke before i do a lot of shit i gotta stop that 
 another challenge is that food safety hasnt regulated cannabis  they have had a steep learning curve
 i hope when im 30 i can drive my car off vegetable oil  smoke up in the parking lot and start shopping at a whole foods market.
 aint shit wit getting it together  but stopping a brother from smoking weed is a damn shame 
 rolling a blunt so perfect amp satisfying you question whether you should even smoke it
 literally all of my associates smoke... like i legit gotta find new friends 
 you are a worthless piece of shit  if you drink or smoke while carrying a child
 naplesfire causes smoke on the water  while at the beach... 
 day 2 of the cannabis cup got cancelled due to the wind...  hey just like edc lmao
 people be sleep weed dont stop you from doing nothing that you was gone do any way 
 insane in the brain smoke a lot just to maintain
 street corn with aioli  smoked paprika  cilantro  feta  lime southwestbynorthwest 
 like who trynna smoke 
 gotta smoke in the whip while you wait duh  
 i have been rather bored today  i honestly wish i had a friend to just paint  smoke and listen to music with in silence
 i got 34 diff strains to smoke and enough to smoke for a week now
 dudes who smoke weed cant get me pregnant.....i been nutted in by several and nothing 
 guy on scooter you ladies could be models guy on bike i got some weed too i guess thats miami for ya 
 @vsizzle504 @nolanews no confirmation of whether purchaser did in fact buy weed at house. just his stmnt
 under the tongue  kogan told the post  is also more effective than a simple smoke for medical purposes. 
 tfw you finally get to smoke a fatty
 im bout to smoke my head off cause ive been taste testing starbucks all day 
 my dumb ass little brother got caught with weed at school today his ass got arrested. smh bro i thought i taught him better 
 aint nothing better than finding weed or a gar when you thought you aint have it.
 cars are some of the most comfortable places to smoke weed.
 im all for legalizing weed  but v against idea of govt profiting from selling when theyve been incarcerating dealers for decades
 got a gift for oomf but she hasnt text me back..so...ill smoke it myself
 onlyinla voting for mayor and weed laws in the same election  
 i smoke a lot of weed but i could never forget ya  
 i wish i had a bitch  that smoked amp knew how to roll up  cause im just tired of it 
 connecting the dots. lebron was high  so he smokes weed when he invested in a place called blaze
 u gotta smoke a quad in one sitting to get high cuz u a dope fiend
 i gotta smoke...my  on . ttyl
 if you werent sure if weed was good yet... marijuana is the only drug the nazis didnt use. @normanohler at @neuehouse
 @pinchealexx everything will be okay b. i was caught with weed and lean by the cops the night i got arrested
 if you werent sure if weed is good yet... marijuana is the only drug the nazis didnt use. @normanohler at @neuehouse nhmadisonsq
 brandon weeden is more accurate then rg3 
 tryna smoke but ian got nun 
 about to be a mavsker tonight. too bad nebraska never plays uno we would pry get smoked.
 when u absolutely positively gotta smoke every in theyou gotta pull out the big meet ok.joeserial50505420 aka 
 goddamn i aint been this high in a long time..id rather smoke than stress. hashedout stillsmokin hashtag bitch idgaf bout your games
 do you smoke brocoli would you really put your heart in me
 i hate a bit that cute amp smoke cigarettes . now life gotta be hard af smoking them shits 
 got all this weed and no one to smoke it with
 @bullyray5150 spikedudley once asked @vincemcmahon for weed video   wwe roh ringofhonor impactwrestling
 if only you knew the feelings i have for weed 
 @suavefrancisco aminu abused him in portland. spanked in phx  smoked in dallas...
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin
 if you aint have jokes as a kid you were smoked
 lmaooo the weed  
 @wikileaks community organizers are everywhere vault 7 beware of the russian smoke screen
 my brother really gotta problem man his ass need weed
 trynna smoke a fatty
 only smoke the best dgaf who got it cheaper
 niggas be old as hell still talking about they rather smoke weed and play the game than ever have a gf like stfu man lol
 i aint got no type of weed 
 if you gotta post about being a plug and shit on social media im just gonna assume you got that trash ass weed or youre just dumb
 i ran for my life. the smoke got me  i got bronchitis  aint nobody got time for that
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smoking.
 sometimes i forget that im still young enough to live at home  mention weed on social media and not understand parts of myself
 moral of the day smoking weed is good for you and the government is trying to cover up its wonderful effects because it cures everything
 do i shove it up my ass or do i gotta smoke through my ass 
 i smoked earlier amp it knocked me out
 stop acting like smoking weed is super bad  hot cheetos have done worse things to my body than marijuana ever has
 when you sit and wait for your car to get searched at the texas border patrol and you witness a car that has bricks of weed hidden in it.
 hahahahaha these guys that are always parked outside of my house smoking weed got caught by the police and i cant stop laugung
 aint nothing to a g  let your hair blow in the breeze  roll some bomb as weed
 devin said hed smoke me out  lmao.
 smart kids that smoke weed  honor roll
 kinda want somebody i can hit up anytime of the day to smoke a blunt and go on a drive with  kinda glad i have myself 
 i smoked some potent ass shit earlier i was blown
 aint nothing worst then finding a beautiful girl just to find out she dont smoke 
 i parked behind a honda thinking it was ok to smoke and i can see the car going up and down. lmao windows are very tinted
 @berner415 where can i find your hemp2o in dallas my husband and i want to try it out. let me know. bernerfan
 someone smoke with me im bored
 its pointless to smoke this weed when theres no one to spit with
 shitty i gotta smoke by myself now  i be extra high
 just got smoked by a mclaren p1
 gotta wait til i hit barstow to smoke 
 i got the weed  wya
 i got the munchies amp i still got some weed left
 shouldnt have smoked im hungry as fuck
 @angelfonds alrighty welp i gotta head to bed. dergo out flops to the floor and poofs into a cloud of smoke
 i wonder if life smokes after it fucks me...
 do i just say fuck it and smoke in ten min lil am smoke sesh at 420a
 who tryin to smoke  .... mention me or quote this 
 who tf spends 200 bucks on weed 
 @93xrt smoke on the water. have a cigar. hot smoking gun.
 aint smoked in like 3 days   work been keeping a nigga busy from the t up
 this nigga smokes weed now and steals lighters what kinda shit 
 just got off work finna smoke on some good gass
 i want to smoke the fattest blunt right now.
 if you gotta sell ya body for some weed  you a hoe
 the more you know wednesdaywisdom  rectal marijuana is more effective than smoking joints.   via @huffpostcaliv
 i gotta smoke one
 i want smoke dog. @1vldecks8bmg
 rs i miss lick  chuck  smoke  buck  lb  ronnie  tigwap  leel  all them niggas man freethegang x3
 .@starbucks you know what else is for a limited time only my existence. plz bring back smoked butterscotch latte
 ahh on public places...but can he make it illegal to smoke in general cause man hed be saving a lotta lives  including my boyfriends.
 you gotta teach him hes supposed to smoke em 
 @ronaambrose @honrobnicholson the liberal government @justintrudeau @puglaas loves marijuana  more than governing i 
 @1doublezero you aint want no smoke  
 @spiffyshit lol what i gotta smoke that pressure
 was this the doctor rt @complex doctor says taking weed via your butt is more effective than smoking 
 @butwhyevernot @siaayrom how are they supposed to contact their oncologists carrier pigeons smoke signals mirrors
 i got smoke ... 
 im truly convinced no weed can ever make me cough idk why. i got vet lungs thats probably why lol
 my paper coming out bomb af cause this weed got all my thoughts flowing and what not.
 we seen that nigga smoked a dude for 50 bucks 
 @radgabs @isabellabok21  and dont forget the pot they smoke.
 tell jordan to bring me my weed before i go insane and throwing rocks at cars until you get the picture.
 dermo keeps his week rolling with a 2rbi smoke up the middle
 common sense is a flower that doesnt grow in everyones garden amp from what ive seen lately some grow weeds
 i smoke so much the ashes boutta fall on me
 my teacher really told us theres a weed up  i downloaded it 
 if you ask me to smoke ... you better provide everything cuz i aint bringing shit 
 i just got a ball thrown at me and asked the question how much weed do you smoke im at school  wtf
 i find it so rude when someone smokes in front of me. like kill your own body  not mine.
 and if i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you 
 pothead bitches are not the ones to cuff. even a bitch who smoke a lil  cuz they think they gotta be on every blunt the man light
 all i have to is play my favorite song after i smoke and start dancing while singing along to it. then i forget about what annoyed me.
 dudes dont know how easy they got it now. all they gotta do is hit a girl inbox with that you smoke or   and they in some pussy
 all my jars are masons filled w weed hidden in discrete locations
 damn.. i kinda want some smoke wings from gary lees 
 due to training  you may seesmell light smoke near station 2 in 4s ranch today.
 88 was a bulldog on the field but 16 mill holy smokes  he complainer about qb play alot have fun with brian hoyer 
 i got weed but no one to smoke it with. 
 aint enough weed up in that swisher to get you high is you joking
 emotional weather report podcast is looking for weed related sponsors for our 420 live show. lets do this 420 marijuana pdx trypod
 earlier i was smoked weed called blackwater. now im at a bar where doobie bros black water is playing. tell me life aint the greatest trip
 earlier i smoked weed called blackwater. now im at a bar where doobie bros black water is playing. tell me life aint the greatest trip
 who trynna smoke
 the us government grants cannabis patents even though weed is illegal  thegreeneconomy 
 im just trynna smoke
 bitch when i smoke a jay ima forget your ass
 @liammelady20 now that youre famous i can say i knew you when... before you smoked a goalie
 allen craig is having a good day  a double earlier and he just smoked a shot over the wall in left.
 seeking reefer cdla recent grads in florida paid training  99 no touch freight miami  jobsearch hiring
 vitamins water weed
 im bored so im just going to eat food and smoke pot until i fall asleep
 youre ass what you boutta smoke is ass the shell you got was ass yall lil session boutta be ass you aint got no 
 i still get to smoke  lol i aint trippin 
 fast cars  bad bitches  weed amp promethazine 
 weed gotta be legal everywhere now deadass.    everybody smoke so whats the problem
 seeking reefer cdla recent grads in florida paid training  99 no touch freight miami  jobsearch hiring
 so i was w my dad at his cardiology apt ampi he asked the dr. so can i smoke marijuana lmaooo
 anyone trynna smoke  drink
 @thesisko @ronalan908 @eliffdavid @jeepvols i just want it to kill the weeds in my flower bed
 house is clean dogs are asleep time to smoke i need too right now
 their smoked  my dude aint going no where 
 my friend babysits and she got a bill that was wrapped around weed inside lmaooo
 the guy at the smoke shop told me  hey whats your name  i aint trying to be a creep but youre really pretty bro i almost tripped after
 i hate the weed man that walk up to you sayin i got that gas
 if they played the boys theyd get smoked. ha 
 yep. gotta buy some weed today. have to. not even up for discussion anymore.
 who wanna smoke with ya  girl today all you gotta do  is buy gars.
 seeking reefer cdla recent grads in florida paid training  99 no touch freight miami  jobsearch hiring
 she roll my weed and then we fuck and fall asleep
 poor dear .@katyturnbc  the smoke hidden by coconspirators in the @gop congress. they got campaign funds from the rnc. @mtpdailytweets
 ready to smoke amp forget abt some shit 
 @isthatharper honestly  for a year smoked a lot of them  and didnt like how they high dissipates after 30 mins  so you gotta keep smoking
 @prisonplanet are all democrats corrupt ex vp nominee tim kaines son is arrested for throwing a smoke bomb in a go 
 @prisonplanet are all democrats corrupt ex vp nominee tim kaines son is arrested for throwing a smoke bomb in a go 
 seriously  the democrats knew about the wiretaps all along.  the russian tie to trump is a smokescreen. 
 someone called kennys smokehousewhere i work and asked if we sold high magazine.. get it  smoke house 
 where can i live where i can be a successful model amp work in the cannabis industry all in one 
 you qualify the repeal so its not a full repeal built in phase 3 is smoke n mirrors as theres no chance of 60 vot 
 whitepeopleinvitedtothecookout the @workaholicscc cast more than likely there will be weed
 the boy at turkey hill started by asking me if i was even old enough to smoke and tried to end it by flirting with me lmaooo no
 too hot to smoke in my car 
 i dont get how weed could be anyones main priority 
 just around the corner @ultra in the mia amp we known for that bass  we got weed  yay  aks and a whole lot of fucking bass
 sometimes you got to smoke a blunt and say fuck it.......
 repost @hairskinmagic1  like on fb  new cannabis oil infused in body 
 hungry but i dont want what my mom cooked  i shouldve smoked
 lmao im probably your favorite instragram models weed man. 
 i smoke my weed i drive my car i count my money
 the homie got a problem haha he said he aint smoke in 3 hours  hes a fiend lol
 see i got all my problems but i no got no weed
 girl is an absolute smoke bomb
 yall gotta fw us females that smoke weed. we can just chill you play 2k amp im just sitting there rolling the blunts watching you play
 aint smoke a blunt in 4 days....
 tbh im about to smash this food  smoke some dolos amp fall asleep to anime 
 i smelled a slight scent of weed n got the damn tremors im triggered i miss it
 can not wait for the photo shoots on sunday finally going to use my smoke bombs
 i smoke to forget
 @vegasoven   do we need to send club over to straighten out @timkaine s kid in minny throwing smoke bombs  avoiding arrest  a thug
 i wanna smoke so damn bad ... but i also want to get my life together so i gotta put that on hold
 i feel like an old man every day of the week and mfs wonder why i smoke
 im so sad i smoked all my bud now im going home to nothing sos
 depression crazy lls good thing i got weed
 i smoked a sherm stick now watch me walk on water
 @moriamakaveli a lot of food lol. it too much shopping tho beside for weed
 i hate it when guys say there are no straight girls left like yeah they all got tired of limp dick and shitty weed boy bye
 gotta throw teanna trump away she smoke the blacks 
 @jessicahische with you. social media messaging all platforms is horrible. like a smoke signal from the middle of a forest fire
 man where the weed at
 im such a liar.  earlier today i was talkin 2 my frenz bout how i quit da  in 2014 got offered a j and i smoked outside just now.
 i forget i live in jersey sometimes. idek the weed laws here.
 it been a whole 8fy sitting in my car for 2 days now  thats how you know im not a real smoker cause that shit wouldve been gone
 walk in the apartment and the smoke so thick that i can barely see
 you can roll a blunt with the weed i let fall between the seats in my car  shits ridiculous
 this sunday dont forget 2 reset the ac in your car amp smoke detector batteries too. 
 lmao my grandma gets weed from her doctor wtf 
 just smoke and forget about it
 i got niggas who cant even roll in my mentions talmbout weed... foh
 play this and smoke with me  
 when the weed man say he got full grams for 10 and not .7s 
 to cover the weed 
 my roommate forgot about his popcorn in the microwave. whats the most efficient way to get rid of burnt popcorn smoke
 who tryna smoke im bored af
 one time i was so high on addy i started to write a paper about marijuana and i didnt even have one due
 @1omarishakir lol  we got weed sponsors mane.
 @jaylaboo i just seen i be wanting to smoke 
 @speakerryan repeal amp replace yourself. trump is about to explode and destroy the gop in a grand old puff of smoke. he finally got caught
 be the only ones smoking weed in the club bc we got it like dat lmaooo
 gotta smoke a blunt here 
 hope you got weed for that mf too. tf 
 @tarantinxo ill come through just to smoke and play video games
 wide variety of water pipes hookahs amp bongs stsmokeshop @ st smoke shop 
 typical sudani dates  smokes  does whatever tf he wants expects to marry a completely innocent woman who has no sins in her past
 @blakewinter1 im even okwith hookers and weed. no hard drugs  tho. and no dead bodies
 dude aint got no homies to take a weed charge  sign me up 
 who wants to help me paint my new house on saturday you also have to byob amp food amp weed cause im broke. ok ill paint alone 
 whats wrong with being faithful and smoking weed 
 moms could be hella jjrruunnkk cause i aint never smoked this much weed infront of her in my life
 nly once the weed is gone 
 when you smoke indica before bed vs when you smoke sativa 
 damn near ready ta smoke again ta try in go ta sleep
 if you feel like killing yourself  smoke enough bud to fall asleep and deal with it tomorrow
 ... i understand wanting to cover bases  but if you smell smoke more than once  small chance it aint humans maybe
 gotta get my weed. then grocery shopping. then im good 
 but did he say yo clip gone be smoked 
 somewhere in between im hungry ans i want to smoke
 how am i a pothead if i can barely smoke one blunt by myself 
 aint shit wrong with smoking weed
 she cant tell me no. shit how niccah smoke now shit i got her wide open.
 nothing good weed wont fix.   nothing
 i gotta smoke less cause i think to much... 
 @drunkbrianf car owners who are still in the sport shouldnt b eligible till theyre done. smokey was in billy jrs will. to never let in hof
 can you smoke me out and i got you next time 
 breakfast. gotta start the day right by having my weedies 
 my forte causes caucasians to say he sounds  demented  car weed scented. if i said it  i 
 holy smokes is this a breakfast at falls manor restaurant in niagara falls  canada 
 going on no jumper is a goal of mine  gotta smoke a fat one wit adam
 you aint gotta roll 1 cause its already rolled. check out my technique  just weed let it it fold
 tommorow aint promised roll that weed
 @dewster5 @leithabrogan my medical treatments have nothing to do with this conversation. we arent discussing marijuana policy here.
 starting may 1  bobs garage  one of pittsburghs most epic bars  will be going smoke free. 
 i cant smoke for 2 days got damn i wouldnt have even gone to the dentist smfh
 i got buku weed amp some pre rolls left from last night. look @ jah 
 i aint listening to shit bitch im smoking weed
 the scent of pot smoke billowing from the windows  with the scent of leaking gasoline.
 how do you know how to pose do they tell u i smoke an 8th a night and practice in my mirror
 i asked if she smoked and she told me no  im smokin up all da weed
 when michael takes off with the weed and money and now i gotta pay somehow 
 2007 honda pilot like new never been smoke in  
 people swallowing weed cause the dogs here 
  gotta roll another blunt to smoke the irrelevant bs away rn
 next bae definitely gotta be a foodie and drug enthusiast so we can eat korean food while tripping acid and smoking weed
 i promise im gone smoke like 30 blunts tomorrow fuck it 
 shop with niggas who keep weed ian got no time for the extra shit
 when you aint gotta buy weed or food 
 i gotta enough weed for the whole crowd.
 i just want to paint and smoke with you and be by your side 
 is @hughhewitt a known cannabis prohibitionist dude is goading sessions for a crackdown. but conservatives and states rights amirite
 @rosapatricia23 i no smoke i no drink alcohol i no gossip i married 20y after i separated i move ny i never date any man i alone
 just walked into a smoke shop   got smoked up on 3 types of dabs and got some editables. i was born to live here
 gotta blocks of butter made of weed i aint bouta do shit if i bake something
 whether your eyes need treatment or you just rented the matrix  medical marijuana can help you. medically.
 i just want to smoke..
 and think that shit so cool ian gotta pay for weed
 lol im finna gone get me some weed and cool out 
 @nathanzegura zeitler is the guy i wanted to draft instead of weeden. please god hear my prayers. lol
 chris talked all that shit while i was working  got on break and smoked his ass ..
 shoot the weed man if the dope aint smokin 
 this dumpster  of an offseason by the @redskins hurts more because of the stability we had been showing  the past 2. smokes and mirrors...
 @mrsanahata then so many unjust laws such as marijuana being illegal  not being able to kill yourself  or collect rain water
 idk why my neighbors love to stare when i step out to smoke. edakun is my driveway your private property 
 which one got weed 
 amp if i smoke this blunt  boy ima forget all about you.
 @grossgyal yo u trynna smoke 
 so you gone smoke me out right 
 none of the homies trynna smoke
 dave jones declines to say whether he supports marijuana legalization 
 got any smokes 
 @theodbbam gotta love smoked butts
 im over here trynna smoke a bleezy and i left my tree in someones car 
 any moron from cleveland who is excited about draft picks you traded julio jones for brandon weeden and took johnny manziel in the 1st round
 just cleaned my car since miami n i found so much weed n sand
 @forescout is proud to be a cyber smoke after hours networking sponsor join forescoutgov thru out year @mortons 
 all i do is work and smoke weed where has my life gone
 @kencarman release rgiii and it is really only 8 or 9 mil against cap.  brilliant move.  lets get weedon back and get this thing rolling
 someone remind me to check my purse for weedy stuff before ever flying again  security was the scariest 10 min of my life
 damn chubbs got smoked. not even hap was standing up for leonard hapandleonard
 @jasonforthelove lol we smoked you guys that game
 @mackstheknife whats that smoke over there  oh  thats the from the seething hot take @gfunds6 is preparing fo 
 just saw a green car that had weed man on it and got hype thinking it was a marijuana delivery service.. then i remembered i live in nj
 wonder how much weed ive rolled on. my guitar
 i gotta gar if u got the weed 
 im iust trynna smoke lmao. 
 arnold inquires whether board will be involved in approval on naming rights. example how would they react if marijuana vendor got rights
 @zachweiner you can eat nutella and stay skinny. but you also need to drink fizzy water and smoke a pack a day. 
 @cynicalmomster i smoke weed in a illegal state and rarely worry... live with your dealer lol
 ijoy rdta smokin @ smoke out of water 
 @amazonprimenow you should screen your mpls drivers.. i opened my bag and almost got high from all the weed scent coming from my food
 just got free weed in hollywood i need to live here
 @samb0wie nah im still breastfeeding but i just gotta make sure i feed her before i smoke.
 seee  i never smoked woods until now lol so i just figured that out.  
 once i smoke this blunt girl im gone forget you
 rlly wish i had some weed but its not time to celebrate yet i gotta take this fuckin math test lmao
 my mama put my weed in the got damn refrigerator 
 amp then this bum ass pot head is gonna come sit next to me smelling like he bathed in weed   i gotta put up with that stench 
 someone come smoke me out because ya girl is in way too much pain over here and i still have to drive to redding today 
 salads  water  fruits  marijuana.
 @wisemonkeysblog starting to wonder the crackdown is mostly because the government is being pressured by corporate cannabis lobbyists
 tune into facebook live 2night to here the live version of this weeks instant track on vol 1 of new smoke show 
